cricket gossip. ' By PoInt. !' ' " At the beginning of the week it was arranged that , the difficulty between -South. Mclbourno and the Association was to be settled by taking tho opinion of Mr; W ebb, : Q.O., upon the proper! construction ' to be put upon the rules of tho A88oeiation rcferring to tlio matter , in dis- ' pute. - : The case to be submitted to. counsel was to be settled by Mr. D. -Elder on. behalf of South Melbourne, and Mr. Budd for tlie-Association, and would .have in all probability comprised little more than the question, , is ;-a club entitled to repre sentation on the Association in respect of its member;roll for tho past or tho present season. Since this was intimated to me, however, I learn that South Melbourne" have receded from that arrangement, and; have determined to secede from tho Association . ! altogether, saying that no object in particular, is to be gained -by being on it this season, as ..ail tho officials, , including tlio team-chooser,, have been elected .without their participation, and they decline to be bound by the action of tlio other delegates. It may bo ,that this threatened, action oil tho 'part of tlic ciub ..may yet b.o" averted, and it is greatly to bo hoped that it will be, for "-it! would" moati nothi»g ! more nor leas, than amost serious division in our cricketing .'.community at the very time when wo liave the "greatest need, for union, being as it is just, on the ove.o'f the encounter with our re doubtable, opponent, Neiy South Wales. IIow; over, , even , though the ' club should: sever itself from the .Association, that would be no reason why. its. prominent players, such as Messrs. Slight and Palmer, should not help their country in its hour of need if their services aro required, as doubtless tlioy will bo. . . : ..... : ' . ! On tlic merits of tho dispute ! have no doubt that it is clearly on tho basis of tho past season's meiubar-rojl that' the delegates of any particular club arc to be eibcteil. It docs savor somewhat of the ludicrous,-; however, that 'it sliould bo necessary . to' resort ; to 7 the." opinions of lawyers upon the construction ! of the _ rules of. , such a body ! as the ; Association. The framers of the rtdes aro all members of tliat body.for the year, aijd must know wiiat their in tention' was in roquiring a, certified, statement of the number of inpmbers who liad paid their sub- i" soription for. tho/past seiison. I ain informed by several with whom I have conversed that, there can be no do.ubt whatever that it was intended to mako it a check- on the number of delegates sent in by the respective clubs, .and no ono who I isjnot biassed can read the rules without conting to I the same conclusion. For what earthly purposo | is tho statement , required if Jiot for tho purpose i -stated.?.. Wlien. driyon into, a, corner the oppo nents .of. that view, can only answer that the | statement might havo. boon directed for statistical purposes ! Whatever; be tho outcome of the ! present squabble, it will'bo advisable, I im- j agine, to alter the rules somow hat. There is , no doubt, as was put by Mr. D. Wilkio in a . letter which appeared in last Saturday's Aye, that clubs frequently vary very much from season to j season, and that a club entitled to three delegates i ono year might only be qualified in respect j of two or one next year, and vice vcv.m. \ I think, that so far as is practicable, the . representation' "should bo brought up to date. But this is where tho difficulty, comes . in. Mak- ! , ing 'the past season's member roll tho basis for j startling the now seasoti .is no novelty 'in cricket, ; or in football br rowing clubs, .for the annual , 'meetings of all tlio clubs, at which tho officers i for tho ensuing season are eloctod, are held at the beginning of the season, and- aro necessarily at tended only by the past season's members. Of : course in these cases there is no representation in..resp8ct of numbers, so.that nd trouble can bo experienced as in'rogard to" the Association sliould the member roll for., tho season show an incrcse or decrease. What. I . would., suggest as to tlio Association is this : Let the delegates of the various clubs be at the 'commencement of the season elected . on tho basis of the past season's member roll, as shown by the certified statement to be rendered by- tho secretary and; treasurer. Then," during "the first .week in December — by .which time most pf .the .old; members, would have . paid their subscription's, and tho very great majority of tho nowly-elected ones— let a sup- . plemental statement sbe sent : in showing the , number, of paid- members at tbe dato of such | statement, and upon this let the representation of : tlio various clubs b6 re'rlscd— soiho getting more j delegates; or others being cut 'down -as tho case < might be. : The rule, if; altered in this way, 1 would meet the . objection raised' to the present one, and would act; as. an additional incentive ! to the officials' of each particular, club to get in butstanding subscriptions.' , During " the ' winter "the Civil Service Club, which had dragged on a' lingoring existence for the past few years, ceased to bo. I have said ovor and aver again that it was a disgrace to the service to allow an institution started with such a flourish of trumpets and under such favorable auspices; to gradually perish from decay. Year by year of its short career it got weaker and weaker, and finally with a very heavy load of debt and a very small number of members it had to succumb. Negotiations were opened up with East Melbourne — whoso ground it ' was then thought was going to be taken for railway pur poses— for the purchase, of the improvements on and the right to use the ..ground, but thoy foil through, as that club refused the terms proposed. Finally, the Scotch College, which wanted a ground, arranged terms with tlio Civil Service, and the latter, having by this means cleared their debt, gave up the ghost and ceased to be. Thus ignobly ended the second attempt on the part of the public service of Victoria to maintain a cricket club. What has puzzled me is what right lias the Scotch College, a private institution conducted for the purposo of profit, to get the use of a block of public land from tho Government. One can understand such a thing.being done in the case of a large club, which is to all intents and pur poses a public body, but why should the College have it? If all the other large schools madcap- plications for similar sites how could 'they be re fused consistently with permitting the Scotch College to. occupy this block of land ? It seems to me that tiie.Lands department, if they were con sulted on the matter at all, exceeded their powers , in allowing the transfer. . " I was in error last week in stating that the ram-asento.tive of tho Ballarat Club on th'6:- Association was Mr. W. Gaggia, the committeeman of tho East .Melbourne Club. It should havo been Mr. T. W. Gaggin, who was for "some i years secretary of the Ballarat Club, and who," though I believe a member of tho East Melbourne Club, never plays with them. The new rules of the Association provide that " tho gentleman chosen to select players shall as soon in each season as expedient choose fifteen players, and may from time to time increase the number to twenty -two players, from whom teams ' to represent tho Association iri matches shall ba selected. When any othor player shows sufficient proficiency to bo chosen in the twenty-two tho gentfoman selecting the players shall dotcrmino who shall retire." The idea is that the toams ts- ropresent tho colony in - the Intercolonial matches and against English elevens shall bo chosen from the twenty-two to be selected : so large a num ber biing chosen in tho early part of the season' so as always to onsuro an available eleven for' prac tice matches. The last clause of tho rule i ap« prehend hardly expresses what its framora meant. By "sufficient proficiency" I presume they intonded exceptional proficioncy, for inas much as the first twenty-two are to bo chosen be cause, they have . sufficient proficiency, why should another player who is no better qualified., siifiplant them? . In choosing a twenty-two- you must at all times Ioavo out certain players of equal proficiency with some of those selected; 'bo that it should only be in the caso of the marked development of another player that a chango should bo made. The first fifteen, chosen under this rule, . wero notified to the association on" , Friday by! Mr. Boylo. IIo had previously selected . eighteen, as several of tho players are out of town, but the list was' returned . to him to reduce the number' to fifteen to comply strictly with the rule. , Tho fol lowing players are those nominated by liiin kr-P. Allan, G. Alexander, J. Blackham, H. Boyle,. D, Campbell, W. II. Cooper, T. Groubc, T. Horan, G. Major, Mullagh, P. M'Donncll, G.! Palmer, J. Slight, II. Scott and J. P. Tennent. Some, names are omitted from this List, that many might Liavo anticipated would have boon included, but I think it contains tho names of all. . who aro likely . to take part in the intercolonial match! I see the first practice match iawrangqA to be played on tho South Melbourne ground next Saturday against oightoon juniors of! Eme rald-hill— though whether it will now >' take place seenis to bo doubtful. Tho match' first suggested was against a team selected 'from', tlio players.south of tho Yarra, and that would liayo made a good contest. What possible 'interest there can be in tho match arranged. I fail to. see. South Melbourne play a similar.. team to-day, and will probably worst them, as they did last season, easily, even though Palmer played in tlia ranks of tlio juniors and bowled romarkably woll. South Melbourne comjilain greatly about this match, contending there will bo no public interest i nit, and consequen tly no gatc-mon oy, wlieroas later oil thorc will bo good matches on both the Mel- bourne and East Mclooiirnc grounds botween tho Victorian cloven and selected teams, which will probably draw good crowds. ' : Though not intending to do so, I find it is necessary to say something moro about;' Lofd Harris and tho Sydney imbroglio, as in a Icttor published in the London Daily Telegraph ol 1st August, in roply to the manifesto of' the Now South Wales Association, which appeared in the same journal on 29th July, the captain'of tlia late English team makes some strange remarks. He now takes exception to tlic apology tendered by the Association — having in his previous letter, it must bo remembered, takon no notice! of it whatever— on the ground that it was not made as a public event and tho prcsonco of tho press requested — and also us it appears because ho didn't havo sufficient notice to onablc him to pre pare a speech in roply. The next part of his letter, which refers to the tono- assumed by tlio public and tho press after the occurrence, has tho following strange romarks : — " Does tlio Associa tion suppose that we bad nothing unpleasant to put up with on our trip? Amidst tho many, kind nesses and tho groat hospitality extended to' us which coukl not but make it pleasant, do thoy suppose that our feelings were never hurt? Thero was hardly a day that some paper did not rub uh the wrong way, and I don't mean as; rogards cricket, for that would bo perfectly legiti mate." I'oor thing, poor thing, ' how lie must have suf fered ! that anybody should have dared to criti cise one of England's nobles was terribly au dacious. But suppose thero were other . things in connection with him to criticise than, cricket. Supposo peoplo should bo of opinion that equani mity is one of tho necessary attributes of tho cap tain of a team, they could hardly help making; re marks — unpleasant to his lordly feelings no doubt — when from time to time tho English cap tain publicly displayed choice specimens of liia insular temper. Suppose too that people should bo so far in advauce of their time that they regarded the broach of an- engagement in tho light of a dis honorable proceeding, it is. not difficult .to Beo that Lord Harris would seem out of place in- tho colonies, and that he had fallen amongst an un sympathetic race. . One could understand an hysterical woman making such a plaint as that contained in the sentence quoted — not the leader of. a team of English cricketers. Lord Harris's letter encloses one received by him as ho states from a gentlemen in New South Wales, the tono of which may easily be inferred from tho fact that he regards the English captain's first letter as " re markably temperate — and oven grnorous." , . Arrangements aro progressing for the visit of an English professional team to the colonies, next season. Alfred Shaw will probably ; be in, com mand, and from tho good impression ho /rnado when hero with Lilly white threo years ago,'" i havo little doubt he will bs a . success: in that position. . Tho team will contain the cream ;ol English professional cricket, and will most likely be the best all-round. eleven that ha3 visited tho .colonies. Should, he not go with the noxt. Aus tralian Eleven, Mr. Boyle will start for. England towards the end of our season, to makp arrange ments for the visit. . , : I see by the last number of the Sportsman— 9th August — that on tho previous day tho thin match of " Luton Cricket Week" had commenced, being between the Surrey Cluli and Ground and Mr. Scargill's team. Mr. C. G. Alleo played with the former, and in addition to- getting two wickets and catching two men had made 32 not out at the end of tho day's play. The team opposed to his was a jstrong ono, anil made 333, of which E. F. S. Tylecoto, of the, Ox ford eleven, got 121 and Pearco 109. The Surrey eleven hail one wicket down for 49— that of W, W. Read who got 16. Alleo has played in several other matches of less importance with the City Ramblers with varying success. I am informed that club has made him a life member. The committee of the M. C. G. having this season determined to reduce their expenditure for professional bowling, which was.considered to be disproportionate to the general expenditure of the club, intimated tbc same to tho varioui candidates for engagement. The result was thai some dissatisfaction ensued, and Kendall, Cosstick and Terry declined to accept the terms offered. Thereupon the committee advertised for ground bowlers, and received about a dozen' re.« plies, and the applicants were tried on the ground this week. Finding the committee wero'1 in earnest, Cosstick and Terry came in under the proposed arrangement, hut Kendall has so far ! refused to submit. Of tho various ap- 1 plicants in response (o the advertise- | in on 1 3, two were selected as ground howlers. It. Brown, who has played with Hotham, and bowls right hand'medium with high delivery, and WE. -Pierce, a youngster who has been albgnt tho ground for some time— a left Lander" of ! very .con- - siderablc promise. Neither M 'Shane nor Coult-f hard has been re-cngagcd. v A handsome cup, the howl formed of an cmn egg supported on a slender stem, and surroundol .with , fern decorations, has been offered by Messrs. H. F. Boyle, and Co., for competition % ajnongsttho leading junior clubs of Melbourne land suburbs. Twelve . clubs liavo entered, and thcldesUiiation of the cup will bo determined at itbe end of the season by the number of points ,eajqb (dub has — one being reckoned for every vic tory. . Tli ere is a committee of management con sisting of a delegate from each chib, and they have .determined that an entrance fee of 5s. shall be ex acted, to bo devoted to prizes to the most success ful:,-, batsman, bowler and fielder in the club .which wins the cup. , Tho competing clubs are Cobrirg, Capulet, South Sandridgc, North Fitz- .roy," btai- of Grosvenor, Star or the West, (Original Star of Richmond, Yaria Yarra, ; South Melbourne Imperial, Richmond Imperial and Yjctory, ' , > . .. -/ .;. . . ././The playing, season, ;will commence to-day, -weather permitting, .South .Melbourne, meeting , eighteen juniors, East Mclbourrie cightccn of the Coa?t (0lub, whilst St. Kilda will; contend; with , Richmond, d nearly all the other clubs having matches rif somehind orothcr arranged. A match was played at Dandenong on Wcdncs- between an eleven from1 the E.M.C.C., and a Ideal-team, resulting in a win for 'the visitors, tho cores' bcin£33 and 55 for Dandenong, whilst East Melbourne made 77 and 78. Dowell was highest ' pcorer for Dandenong with 14! and 8, J crvis get- 'tingO and 20. For East Melbourne J. Menzics made 39 and 44, not out, and J. White 16 and 2. The -visiting team were most hospitably cnter- tivined, and returned to town greatly pleased with the day's sport. ' ' The annual meeting of tho Corio Cricket Club was hold at Geelong on Tuesday evening. The balance- sheet for the last year showed the . , receipts to amount to £321 7s. 5d., and the ex- .pdnditurp to £316 10s. 4(1., leaving a credit , 'balance of £4 17s. Id. The following were elected 1 office-bearers President, Mr. J as. Wilson ; vice-presidents, Messrs. Wm. Sommers, sen;, ; J. 'J. : Buckland, T. Hawkes and C. Caldwell ; ribri./ secretary, Mr. P. A. A. Cox ; hon. trea surer, Mr. G. Forbes ; general committee, (Messrs. H. A. Rcichmann, J. S. Begloy, J. 0. Thomas, W. Sommers, jun., and Gt. B. Appleton ; match committee, Messrs. G. Watson, Jas. Gardiner, and J. 0. Thomas. 