TOWN TALK. SCXBCELY less abominable than the practice t>f lighting fires -with kerosine is that of leav ing a good fire over night in the kitchen oftep a part of the house away from the ken of the family. The lugs smoulder tin til the pro jecting ends topple over on to the floor, there to barn themselves oat, and with them some times the kitchen and the house itself. Two . fires occurred lately in Ipswich from this cause, and the only wonder is that such fires are not reported by the score. The numerous scars which nearly all kitchen floors show, prove how many narrow escapes from destruc tion houses are subject to. THE Taitotal Times suggests that tenders should be called for the capture of the Kelly gang. The idea, at first sight, does not appear a bad one; but a little consideration serves to show that it would prove altogether too hazard ous. As the honorarium for catching the gang would no doubt be payable, whether the miscreants were taken alive or dead, a number . of innocent people would most likely lose their lives through the eagerness of the amateur bloodhounds. Moreover, as the plan would involve the creation of numerous bands of ten derers, there would be frequent cases of one band sticking-up another band, and shooting each other iu the interests of justice and good order. IT s(.ems that there is not a respectable-not even a decent-depftt for immigrants in the whole colony. At all events, whenever one of these establishments comes before public notice, it invariably transpires that the place is not fit for human habitation. The latest dis covery is that the depdt at Boweu, like those at Brisbane, Towns ville, and elsewhere, is a pigsty. One immigrant, who represents fifteen others, writes to the Fort Dcnison Times to complain that married people and single men are herded together In the earac apartment. The building, moreover, is situated- in a swamp; " the water cften rises to the win dows and the supply of mosquitoes, reptiles, and other vermin is abnormal. No utrount of care would suffice to render the month of January in Queensland pleasant to a " new chum," but the abomination of placing married couples and single men in the same apartment might at least be avoided. FOB a cool illW.riUion of the precept, "Do nnto otherd as you would not bo done byi" commend us to the case of Kay v.. Yates . These two " gentlemen" edit London weekly papers-Sir. liny iho Touchstone, and Mr. Edmund Yates the notorious IPorld. It appears there was 60ine probability of Mr. Ha}'-publish ing a biography of Mr. Yates, whereupon tho latter threatened to break Mr.. Kay'a head Peacbum was accordingly brought beforo ft' magistrate, and bouud over to keep the peace towards Lockit. Both papers are nOtotioli's or infamous for regularly inthidihg upon private life, violating' the sanctity of dome&tic; affairs, and tetaUing private scandal and battle. But when one editor proposes to mete another the measure which tho latter has so persistently forced upon the public, the case becomes one of threats and police court. Mr. Yates would not like to see his own biography iti jJHnjt, and we agree with him that tne history had better be a'upptessfei. DR. HUTCHISON, of Ipswich, is either a very obstinate or a very conscientious man. This gentleman is at the present time required as' a witness in the case of 'aperson charged with manslaughter. The case has. no (v been, called on at the Police Court three,times, oach time without any progress being made, us. the doc tor, whose evidence is of prime importance, refuses to impart what ho knows. Naturally the Bench regards this obstruction of justice unfavourably, and commit tho. unwilling -wit ness to gaol for a week each Unie, for contempt of Court, and the doctoir has now been relegated to conflnStn'ent three weeks in succession. As for the individual charged with manslaughter,' he seems doomed to pass his. existence in heb domadal appearances at tho bar until the prin cipal witness either gives up tho ghost tir 'comes to the conclusion that he iir .paying too dearly for his obstinftc^, or conscientiousness," or by: i whatever name he recognises his contempt of Court. THERE seems to be no. royal road to the avoidance of sea-sickness. Notwithstanding all the efforts of science in this' direction,. Father Neptune still receives tribute from those who pass over his dominions. Mechanical appli ances to obviato this painful, but,; to non-suffering observers, mirth- proyoking malady, have constantly been .tried, and have as often failed. The most recent failure leaves little room for hope that ordinary travel- . lers who are bad sailors will in future be able j to avoid their enemy. When ingenuity and heavy expense have been incurred in vain on behalf of Royalty and Vice-Boyalty, as they were recently in the oase of the Mar quis and Marchioness of Lome, what chance 1 is there for travellers of lesser note ? Accounts : of the very rough trip of the Sannatian, which j carried the new Governor-General of Canada and his wife to their destination, inform us that j the elaborate patent bedB which were set up on board with the view of relieving the aiiguat pair , from the effects of the rolling and pitching of 1 the steamer, and which cost £500 apiece, | proved worse than useless, as they had to be taken down, and stowed away, in tho hold, the ship's carpenter having to replace, them in a hurry with bed berths of the 4 usual ship pattern. .:\ ! .. NOBOPY can (with any show.of reasonf or justice) accuse the people of Ipswich of undue haste or rash precipitancy in the erection of ja; memorial to the late Governor BlackalL . That, respected gentleman diod on the 2nd of ,Junn ary, 1871, and on January 22, 1879-eight years and ten days afterwards, a meeting of the Bl&ckall; memorial committee, was held in the Ipswich Council Chamber to decide what form the memorial should take. Some of the members of the committee present wanted the meeting postponed to allow them timo to make up their mind whether it should be a drinking fountain or a scholarship at the Ipswioh Grammar School, but this was overruled, the majority being of opinion that ample time had already been aliowed, so they decided on a drinking fountain. The settlement of this question at Ipswich ought to stimulate enquiry at Brisbane as to what became of the money collected there eight years ago for a memorial to the deceased Governor ?. Subscription lists were opened with a great flourish of trumpets, then the excitement all died away as suddenly as it arose, and when tho Government erected a monument over his grave, nothing more was heard of tho citizen*' memorial. It is quite time now that the matter was decided upon. IN* spite of the pouring rain about twenty tanners, saddlers, boot and shoemakers, or persons otherwise interested in the leather trade in and about Brisbane, met at an office in Queen-street on Monday afternoon last to make public tho fact that they are inferior to the manufacturers and workmen engaged in this trade in New South Wales and Victoria, and that in spite of the high import duties on leather und leathern goods in Queensland, these manufacturers arc not ablu to cuinpuLo in their own market with the importers from those colonies. This is sad news. One boot aud shoe Baker asserted^ that boots and shoes could be manufactured .in Sydney and Melbourne, brought to Brisbane,, and sold at a lower price than the local maker can obtain .raw material from Queensland tanners.' Tho gentle* men present thought the proper remedy for | this would be an ad valorem duty of 10 per cent, on imported boots and shoos, and 12J per cent on all kinds of saddlery, harness/and strapping. In other words, that the general public should WMie to Vfety fttiie tor leatljor goo'ii llian tboy otherwise need, to etippott local IradeBih'on-. Noi'ddy fchtf ugiifc o! the alternative oi rc'iiicing the tai on ieduiet, so &s; & bh&ijle; these tradedoiek lb' ofalaiii their raw material jat 6 cheaper rate. ' ? j iTmiist bo admltied Ihit pwiiets ot.^biiig stock iate not &iway;& tla^yjii tiie ntiihehbia tire ox their animals. W.A1," for instance might possibly,on acoount of the inferiority {of his performances, be more properly designated " Z 26." "Flying Fox" may prove to Have' more of the fox1 than -the flyer'about him ; and, on the whole; it would be better that race horses should receive, at their baptism, names which could not by any possibility place them in false positions., One -horse afc. tbe recent Newcastle meeting acted thoroughly up to his name, which was " Secnndus." He ran only in two races, and in both he Was second }. but the exception mak&s; thb rtile. A Well-known Melbourne bwheir kae found a name lor oiie of his Kdrsea which certainly doea not commit the animal; to anything. The name is Qeide Olgothach, and it would be a treat; to.hear.the. ordinary turfite pronouncing this namej which we may.add. is Irish. .'< But if this name ift a teazer, what shall be said of Ohuthorjiictis Paradoxus, V?bich is,the name of the winner of '6n& ol the Newcastle , races. , One .would imagine that the,moat eager bookmaker would leave.this horse out.of. his book: .rather, than have to,bawl out his name. "Tkuthful JAKES," acoording to;;Mri-3ret Harte, has deolared that "For ways that^axe dark, and for tricks that are Tain-the heathen Chinee is peculiar" and the.more we see and knpw.of the heathen themore are we inclined to coincide with Truthfnl James in this conclu-. sion. The heathen .in. Sydney has now dfe covered that a most effectual way of getting on, the soft side 6f a large alid influential class of .Uoo^loopeans/'is to put on a garb, of -outward sanctity, and assume a. virtue though they have it not. Acting upon'this idea, some influential Chinese in Sydney the other day called a public meetfng of. their' countrymen, taking care to' invite some distingiushed' divines also, *c to take 'steps' to;put down ^'immorality among Chinese." , The bait took more readily than might have been; . expected.''' Canon O'Reilly, Br. Steele; and Dean Cowper 'attended arid made speebhes,-and the meeting 'was most unanimous and enthusiastic in favour 'of the object. If these influential Chinese would sub scribe among themselves qnietly. and pay half a-dozen reprobate Chinkies to get " converted". at Br. Steele's chapel, and play the role of " changed characters" for a few months it would change public sentiment entirely, and most likely stop the passing of Parkes' Anti CbinesoBiU. ' To be sure, taking stepB to put down immorality among the Chinese is the cheapest and easiest because that commits them to nothidg in particular. { )Tiie Tiaro correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle recently sent to that journal the fol lowing item of news The instruments of oar Tiaro brass band have just arrived, and very bright thov look. A meeting will shortly be held to decide which of tho large body of volunteer** arc to havo the privilege of playing them. I hear there ore eight candidates for the dram, and would suggest to the worthy bandmaster < that h* selcct four to make relief parties, for, especially in summer, it is no joke to carry a dram and beat it into the bargain. We have no desire to thrust our opinion upon the peoplo of Tiaro on such a purely local ques tion as this. To us, and the majority of our readers, it is a matter, of very little moment who is chosen for the high and onerous duty of carrying and beating the Tiaro big drum, and we shall bow to their de*. cision with calm resignation whatever that decision may be. At the same time, as out* ; eiders, we hope they will pardon us for sug- I gestiug a way out of the difficulty which we ' feel sure will, if adopted, allay local jealousies j and give prestige to the band. Let Mr. T. Price, I M.L.A., carry the big drum on his back, and j Mr. "\V. G. Bailey, M.L.A., beat it. Price is the | biggest and strongest, and Bailey is tho most j experienced at beating time, whilo both are I residents of Tiaro, and privileged to make a greater noiso than nny other members of the community. A brass band with two members of the Legislative Assembly to manago the big drum would bring undying fame to Tiaro with out doubt. Vkby few persons go to the Government Gazette for 'light reading, and nobody who knows him would over think of accusing tho Deputy Registrar of tho Supremo Court of attempting to hoax the public. Neither do wo. .But it is a fact, nevertheless, that jnlast Satur day's Gazette, at pago 207, is a notification signed by tye Deputy Kegistrar, whicl* rajpes doubts. It purports to bo a .description of a Trade mark, and is as follows At tho top is a mcdalUou suspended liv a ribbon. T_ ?*- of tills moiinHlou is a fcninlo lujiid, "Bridal Bouquat Bloom" for beautifying tho ploxion. Evor blooming.. Ever yoiuip. Thib o& qnisito preparation, by a single application requiring but A mouiont of tiino. imimrtB to tho face, neck, arms, and liattds, a deltaitd noftnoss and niorblo purity *ritU tilo tittfc atitl ffttgroucd of tho UJy arid tho WSfli it fOiatirOs trill, ftcoklcs, sunburn. ami all Mti«iflo83 ibid bloiiiisllos: Bciiutyj _A brilliant com plexion..,.The fouiitain of ydntii, Futronisou by all tho European Courts nzi3 tho elJtfe Ot Jaiufmnt. if tHifi la liltb'Hiei goHdu«l£ it_ hi u dolifcvidfH dttefiijjt 16 piaj^ iljiofi itfl fliiiiljr Sfid, fOrfe ll{ admiration ot tiio weaker sei, which is pffat. tively wioited. It is iiioro. Coid-blcfqdeci cruelty is tie propel term to' desigiiatp t&itf; biireidoett to lead lSdiod into iotijptef Iioii. After riilding ,thiii desfcnirffoi'/ #A'at lady who is " plain " or of uncertain ago $ho would not be ready to compass sea 'and land, and pawn her eye-teeth if! hecosBaryi1 to get a bottle of this mixture ? The Deputy Registrar will have muoh to anBwer for through publish ing this description. THE Corporation have found themselves compelled to go through with their unsatisfac tory system, of procedure with regard toitha various ferries. : They adopted the pornicious plan of allowing an alteration of contract in fatotir af ono forty lessee) atid, as soon as No. 2 lleird of it, ho *as naturally, impelled to put in his claim for abatement of rent, wbioh, in common fairness the Corporation could .-not refuse. No. 3's case thtts became stronger thall that of either NOB. 1 or 2, and he, tod, went in for dnd obtained a reduotittn. It is fosaibla that all the lessees paid too .dearly for theii whistle; but whose fault was that ? A bargain is a bargain, and a contract entered into .with wide opened eyes should be strictly enforced. The system of allowing ferry contracts to be altered in favour of the lessee is not likely to tend to obtaining the best olas> of xnon. . The good will abstain from tendering,, for' they know that they are liable to be outbid by in ferior men, who in their wisdom understand that their offer is only a nominal ' ono, to be altered in their favour' on their making out a case for compassion-a' very easy thing of late. The Corporation- must' by this time be fully aware of the great mistake they have made. They must not perpetuate tlita blunder.' Let tenderers be made thoroughly aware that nnder no circumstances will1 an abatement of rent bo permitted; The public will thereby be gainers, while the Corpora ton are not likely to be losers. It is worthy of txm ; sideration whether a longer lease than one year -say.three years-would not be a benefit all round. When a lessee has » purchase pnnts, warps, and .boats, and often build a house, and only, has a twelvemonth's tenure; he oertainly ' cannot afford to be as liberal either to the .Cor poration or.to the public,- as- he.could were his flrat cost spread over a longer period The A.8 N. Company's report for the past half-year showB. that the loss acoruing to the oompany from the strike and depression in trade was £6,000. 1 THE COMPBBSSED MEAT COMPANY.-The pro visional committeeof this proposed company met yesterday morning and determined to hold a publio meeting yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock at the Metropolitan Hotel. "When tbo tune, however arrived it was found that Mr. Beard more could not be present, and that several other gentlemen, whose opinions wore looked for, were absent. It was therefore determined to postpone the meeting until Monday next at id o'clock, when several questions of import ance to the movement will be brought forward. Some of the most influential of the gentlemen present came forward and promised such sub stantial support that tho successful establish 1 ment of the undetarking is now looked upon as' secured. j THE LOOAI, BOAED OF HEALTH.-Tho Board mot on Wednesday afternoon. There woro present-His Worship the Mayor (chaiiman), Aldermen HardgTavo and Graham, and Drs. Thomson and Banoroft. From the Itegistrar Goneral's report, it appeared that two deaths had occurred from typhoid fever during the fortnight. Br. Thompson stated that this fever most commonly < attacked persons nndor 25 years of age, newly arrived in tho colony. In his opinion, change of diet, and an incrcaso of animal food, was the cause, and that it was not attributable to an over-indulgence in drink. The chairman reported that he had consulted the City Solicitor with respect to the question of the payment of. members of tho Board, and ho was advised that if members of tbo Board, who woro aldermon, voted payment to themselves, tho transaction would be of tho nature of a contract, and their soatB in tho Council would be jeopardised. It was compe tent for the Municipal Council to voto payniimt to the whole of tho members of tho Board. Some drain traps were exhibited, and it was decided to send a recommendation to tbo Muni . cipal Council to employ them in Adoluide sireet. Tho chairman reported that Mr. Tully had promised six acres of land for the purposo of affording a location for the men employed by tho Board. Dr. Thomson called attention to the oomplaints made relativo to the morguo. It was decided to lay tho matter uuder the notice of tho Colonial Treasurer. The meeting then adjourned. Spots IN THE SUM.-Somo of tbo spots (craters) in the sun aro one liuiurod- thousand miles in diamoUsr, and ono such would easily swallow up thu wholo of the pluncts, Jupilcf himself only making a mouthful. 