miss jomraoif. Chapter L "Fond as I am of Wilfred, I mast say that he pate rae oat of all p&tieooe; when he writes each nonsense as this 1" remarked Lady Eustace, with the air of a eaperior person provoked by a petted child. Her ladyship looked very little more than a child, herself, with her Dig brown eyes and her soft early hair on a white forehead, her elender little figure, and her dainty Titacia like air. The Wilfred of her blame was a brother, eix feet high, and formerly a captain in a Lancer regiment. Sir Charles Eustace, a ruddy young baronet, seated opposite his wife at the breakfast-table, had unfolded the Timet, and was already deep in the news from the East. He contoDted himeelf by responding by a | reoeplive " Humph !" to the lady's obser vation, bnt remained otherwise absorbed in Herngovina. "J net at this moment, when I had bnilt all my hopes on Edith Conrtsnay's visit to as," continued Lady Euetace, with a some what petulant glance in the direction of her spouse, "Won't Carrnthera come?" asked Sir Charles, assuming a faint air of interest " Oh, yea 1 he will come. Bnt with hie ridiculous ideaa be will spoil everything.'1 " Dear me 1 I hope not," said Sir Charles, who had an absent minded idea that he onght to aay something. " How provoking you are, Charles ! Ton know yon are not listening to a word I say, exclaimed lady Eustace, now fairly cross. " I never understand why men pretend to be interested in politics, when tbey have every other kind of mental effort In detestation. I am sure I think the views of RnBsia, and the backsliding! of the Turks jnst as puzzling as algebra or Greekxoots, or any other of the things yon never would learn at echooL "Of course yon do," responded Charles, perfectly unmoved. "Won't yon have another cap of tea?" asked his wife with a endden return to amiability. ««lf yon please." The tea was poured ont and passed over. Seizing the diversion thus effected, Lady Eustace said sweetly: " I should libs to read yon Wilfred's letter. Perhaps yon may be able to infuse a little common sense into bis fantastic theories." '.'Eire away!'.' was the Baronet's answer. And, thus encouraged, her ladyship began : "Deaeest Geobgie; — Ton are very anxious that I should spend July at Thorn- leigh with you, because, yon say, at this season London is growing dusty and doll, and because Miss Courtenay will be with yon. Miss Courtenay haB jnBt lost her cousin. Miss Griswold, yon tell me, with whom she lived. The funeral is to take place, and the will is to be read, to-morrow ; and yon know, on the best authority that Miss Grtewold has left Miss Conr- tenny all her properly. Finally, because the old lady'a estate adjoios mine, yon desire me to espouse the heiress. " London is dusty and dull I admit ; .and being, furthermore, deacons, of making a study of oaks for a background, I am willing to run down to Thornleigh, and shall appear there a very few hoars after this letter. Bnt dismiss from yonr mind that t shall, under any circumstances, be induced to marry Miss Conrtenay, She' may be all yon say : lovely, clever, amiable, delightful : bnt die is not the bride of my dreams. Ton are wept to describe my theories in regard to this marriage as ' trash.' Trash or not, however, there they are, and I intend to act np to them. The conventionalities of courtship are odious to me. To meet e yonng lady at a pionic or a ball ; to become engaged to her a month or so later, to be congratulated by all her friends and mine ; to have to dine every day with her family, and be ostentatiously left in quiet corners with her by her sisters — all these things fill myeool with horror. I should like to discover a wife as 1 stumble . across a rare bit of china in a bric-a-brac shop — in some odd corner of the world. If it were possible, I would charm an old portrait into life as Pygmalion did his etatne. Failing the new Galatea, I will marry a woman who shall charm me suddenly like some new effeot of light Tou will say this is nonsense, and that I talk abont an ideal wife because I do not want a real one. What will yon say, then, when I assure you that I not only believe in my fairy bride, bnt have seen her —aye, end know her most nnromantio maiden name ? " Bffld my story " Two years ago yon may remember that I spent the whole of s delicious spring in Florence. One evening I went to pay a visit to a charming old Italian lady, and her somewhat elderly daughter, who lived in a tumble-down ancient villa not far from the gates of the town, When I arrived it was already darkling; the fireflies were all abont, and presently the moon rose. We eat OS s terrace overlooking the town, which gleamed silver; in the intense white radiance, and against its background of pnrple hills. Magic lay on every dome and pinnacle, and seemed to wbiBper from every rustling leaf. The garden, set with statues and planted with ilex and cedar, had not one modern touch abont it. The eoene and the hoar were Romance's own, and the last touch of exqnisiteness was given when some of the party — for the neighbours had dropped in in the sociable Italian fashion — began to play the guitar and sing ' stornelli' in their mnaiaal Tutcan tongue. "You know bow 1 have always maintained that musio, to be perfeot, should be born of the moment. Imagine, then, my pleasure, when there fell upon my ear the atraioa of a Bimple and pathetic melody, snug by the richest and sweetest contralto I had ever heard. I wished that the singer might never end, and when she did so, I looked eagerly for a glimpse of her. She emerged from the circle of people into the moonlight, end Btood there for a moment holding the guitar while she answered a question addressed to her. Then she fell back again into the shadow, and all that I had learnt of her in that brief moment was that she was lovely, and that they called her 'Biaooa.' She only sang onoe, and left with eome others. In a little confused talking which ensned while she was saying "good-night," I gathered, greatly to my surprise, that she was English, and was leaving for England on the morrow. A fresh shock awaited me in the additional discovery which I presently made of her father— a gruff old fellow who spoke half a dozen worde of broken Italian, and addressed bis .daughter in not the purest English. " As soon as my fair Bianss was gone, 1 began to wish ber back again, I was quite glad when, half an hoar later, In the rosd, along whioh I was retnrning alone, I eaw and pioked np a bracelet wbioh I knew to be hers, for on the plain gold band was her name, ' Bianca,' in pearls. Besides, I had noticed it on ber wrist as she stood in front of me holding the guitar, I retraced my steps, and reached the great door of the villa as the old servant was bolting and barring it for the night. He looked rather surprised at my reappearance, and said the ladles had gone np to their rooms. I begged they might not be disturbed, showed the bracelet, explained my errand, and requested that the servant would find ont for me the name and address of the yonng lady called Bianca,' who was leaving for England the next day. He went, and presently returned with n card. It was the Signora Inglese'a name, he said, which be could not prononnce, and I should find the yonng lady and her father at the Hotel de 1' Europe. I read the name by the light of the moon, and will not pretend to eay that I was delighted to find it Johnson!' I went the next day early to the hotel, with every expectation of fioding the persons I sought for, for I had distinctly understood them to eay they were leaving in the eveoiDg. But a waiter informed me that Mr. Johnson had fonnd a telegram awaiting him on his retnrn to the hotel the night before, and had left with hia daughter by the early train. They had gone to Paris, and ordered all letters to be forwarded to the Lonvre. "I was going to Paris myself the next day, and my fancy was caught at the idea of the chase. But 1 was again doomed to disappointment, for, on reaohing Paria, and enquiring at the Lonvre, I fonnd that the object of my pursuit had once more distanced me by twenty-fonr hours ; this time without leaving any address. At the hotel, however I came aoross Wetherall— you remember' Wetherall, my old ooliege chum 2 I happsoed to mention the Johneons to him. He eaid be had sat next to them at dinner, bnt had not found them particularly interesting (WetberaH's idea of female beauty is of the bounoiog order, so I did not contradict him), adding that the ' old boy,' who, he thought was a retired ' tallow-chandler, ' rather bullied hie daughter. |The poor girl's eyeB were always swollen with crying. Had I known where to seek my persecuted one, I should have followed on her traces imme- diately ; bnt how find one Jnhnson more than anotbar in London ? "Independently of any other feeling, however, the most elementary honesty bade me make nome farther effort to find the owner of the bracelet, and so I prosaically advertised in the Times. Bnt I received no answer, and the gold band baB remained all this time at the buttom of my dressing-case. It bas been with me in my recent wanderings ia Germany and Belginm, and I have never looked at it without its bringing back to me the poetry, the fragrance, and the melody of that soft Italian night. 1 forget the ' tallow-chandler,' and think only of Bianca, with her statnesque profile, acd her enchanting voioe. Never haviog had for me any very definite personality, 1 must confess that, with the lapse of time, ehe bas come to have less ; and each time my memory recurs to her, it is to weave a more and more fantastic and ethereal image. But the possibility of her actual existence in yonr very neighbourhood bas strnok me forcibly once or twice of late ; ever Binceyon told me, in fact, in one of your letters, thBt Lord Seatown's place had passed into the possession of a Mr. Johnson. For I remember Wetherall said he thought Bianca'e father mast be a fellow landsman of oars, as he bad spoken of the connty with affection, declaring that be intended to end hia days there if he could find an estste to his liking. Now, here, my dear Georgie, is an oppor- tunity for the exercise of yonr talents as a matchmaker. Tou wiBh me to take to wife an heiress, and, possibly, the only one of the race I conld ever marry lives within six miles of yonr gates. Mind, I pledge myself to nothing. All I eay is, that it ib jnst within the range of likelihood that Miss Johnson's songB might reconoile me to her guineas. At any rate, I have now given yon a ohance. Too have a week in which to work, and most begin, of course by making the Johnsons' acquaintance, if yon do not already know tbem. I fancy you do not, for you have prejudices in favor of blood, and I should say old Johnson's was none of the bluest. Bnt shonld his daughter turn ont to be my Bianca, that will only make her tbe more fascinating to me ; for her sonl, and not her ancestors, mnst then be responsible for ber lovely face. " Yon have my ultimatum. I shall be at Thornleigh by the 5.30 train, on the day you receive this. " Tonr affectionate brother, " WlLFBED CAEBUTBEBS." "Did yon ever hear such nonsense ?' exclaimed Lady Eustace, as she laid down the letter, and looked plaintively across the paraphernalia of the breakfast table at her husband. " Humph !" again remarked Sir Charles, bnt this time reflectively. He had reasons of bis own for not replying precipitately. "Carrathers was always eccentric. Prides himself, I fancy, on belDg different from other people," "Bnt so' far he has never done anything very odd," moaned the eccentric one'e sister. "Suppose be insists now upon marrying this dreadful girl ?" "How do yon know ehe is dreadful?" enquired Sir Charles, deliberately battering a slice of toast. "A tallow-chandler's daughter 1" Proofs that miss Johason had committed all the crimes in the Decalogue oould hardly have been advanced by Lady Eustace in a tone of more absolute horror. "Mr. Johnson isn't a tallow- chandler. He is in the corn trade." " Well ! I don't see much difference." " There yon are wrong. Corn merchants are moat respectable men. Many of them send their sons to college. The never- etag nsnt stream of middle-class industry is oar Paotolae," said Sir Charles, who wished to get into Parliament, and spent a good deal of time in rehearsing speeches in his head. "I don't know what 'onr PactoW means," said Lady Eustace ; " but whatever it is, I am quite snre that it can't be any advantage for a country, if it entails a general mixture of ranks. I am eorry to aee yon becoming eo radical, Charles." "My dear child, there are certain con cessions which everyone most make to tbe spirit of the age. To be honest, I have long wished that yon would call on the Johnson's." The die was cast, and the intrepid baronet breathed more freely. Lady Euetace eat transfixed. Fastidious to a fault, the little lady bad always, practised, as well as preached, the most refined social exclusive- Suddenly, however, Sjr Qharles had developed the ambition to enter Parliament ; and began anxiously to look forward to the hoar when tbe death of an old and infirm connty member wonld enable him to present himself to hia constituents. He bed already commenced a preliminary campaign, and aeized every opportunity of expressing in public his views acd his policy. These were of a strongly Liberal cast, and as there had been a partial Conservative reaction in the connty, the fntnre contest promised to be an exciting one. Sir Charles felt the necessity of cultivating popularity. It had been con veyed to him tbat Mr Johnson was consider ably aggrieved at having been held at arm's length by one or two of the oonety magnates, and tbe baronet had begnn to torn over in his mind how he conld bring hie wife to visit the retired dealer in corn. Consequently it is hardly to be wondered at if his brother- in-law's letter appeared to him almoBt like an interposition of destiny. "Lady Eustace, as has been raid, sat transfixed for a moment. " Well Charles 1" was Ml she conld, at last, exclaim. Bnt volumes wonld have failed to eay more. "I cannot think how you osn wish me to call on them," she oontioned, after a panae. " Ton see even Wilfred found the old man vnigar." " Bnt he found the daughter charm leg. And really, Georgie, it le necessary for Carrnthera to marry well. With his place so heavily mortgaged that he osnnot afford to live io it, and ihe immense mass of hiB father's debts which he has nndertsken to pay, he will be all bis life pinohed in pocket, nniess, as yon very sensibly wish him to do, he marry a woman with money." " Of oonrse i" eaid Lady Enetaoe. " Bnt why Bhould he not marry Edith Courtenay ?" " But if he won't ? It would surely be better lor him to marry Miee Johnson thac to lead a semi-Bohemian existence to the end of hie days. Mr. Jobneou is enormously rich." Lady Enstaoe slightly shrugged her shoulders and knitted ber dark eyebrows. "Reflect a little on tbe matter," the Baronet eontinned, rising, and gathering his newspapers and his letters together. " Car rathers IB so odd. If yon don't manage him in hia own way, yon will not be able to manage bim at alb" Lady Eustace did refieot on the matter, and the result of ber reflections was that she ordered ber pony carriage, and went to aril on tbe Vicar's daughter. She recollected that when Mr. Johnson asms into the neighbour hood for the first time the previous winter, be had roused tbe enthaBiaem of Mr Baratow, tbe vicar, by certain munificent acta ot benevolence ; and it struck her that from Hobs Baratow she might acquire some useful information in regard to the obnoxious plutocrats It so happened tbat Mr. Johnson's estate being in another parish. Lady Eustace had cot seen either him or his daughter at church; and the brief glimpses she had had of them IU the streets of the county town had not made her familiar with their faoes. What she much desired to know was if Miss JohnBon were really beautiful, and for tfaie piece of information she addreeeed herself to MisB Rose Bsrstow. Whatever it was ehe beard, it appeared to be of a satisfactory nature, for she drove home with a satisfied and even a radiant air. Chapter 11. Meanwhile Wilfred Carrnthera sped down by the afternoon train from Charing Cross, and he, too, smiled occasionally to himself as he thought of the letter he had written to his BiBter, and of the effeot it mnst have had on her. Partly it had been dictated by a love of teasing, partly by the hope that, in diverting ber mind from Miss Conttenay, it wonld cause him to be left in peace, at any rate as far as regarded that yonng lady. Bnt all cantering as his letter had been, beneath its fanciful romance had inn just a tiny vein of ' seriousness. Fastidious as bis sister, although id another way ; poetical and artistic in ins tastes, sensitive and honourable to a fault, Wilfred Carrnthera, by a certain originality of thought aud feeling,' justified his sober minded brother - in - law's accneation of eccentricity. The world bad been in many ways a disappointment to him, and had be ueeD naturally lesB genial, be might bave become Boured. His career as a soldier, .he one that would best bave suited his chivalrous temperament, had been abruptly cut ehort by bis father's death. Tbis event, in leaving him half ruined and hardened with debts that be was resolved to pay, had obliged him to sell out of the army, and enter into a coarse of severe retreoebmeot. He had sought an occupation in Art, aud bad spent several years on the continent, leading an existence curiously compounded of Bohemianism and exclusiveoees, repulsing nobody and yet beoomiog intimate wilb none. No man ever seemed eo little above his society, whatever it might be, and yet no one was ever more absolutely reserved. The strain of half Bad, half tender hnmonr in hie nature reconciled him even to the ugly, the Bordid, and tbe grotesque side of things. And yet sights and sonods of beauty bad for him a fascination enduring and profound. Consequently, while wilfully exaggerating in hia Letter the impreeeion left on him by the beautiful songstress, tbe idea that her Bister's new neighbour might be identical with the girl whose voice had so enchanted him was not devoid of a certain subtle charm. Lady Eustace flew down the broad flight of steps ic front of the minor, when tbe carriage that had been sent to meet the traveller reached the end of the avenue, and greeted her beloved brother with the utmost warmth. Sir Charles followed with a " So glad to see you, Carruthers," which, if less effuBive, was not less sincere ; and the heir of Thornleigh, a fair, curly-headed urchin of four, immediately introduced himself and his new dram to his uncle's friendly notice. After dinner, at dessert, when the servants had gone, Carrathers said, laughingly ; " Well, Georgie ! you got my letter, of course. What news have you for me of Miss Johnson f "You will see her very soon. Rose Bsrstow is going to manage the introduction," said her ladyship, demurely. ' By Jove 1" exclaimed Carrathers, too much surprised to do anything else than take refuge in an Englishman's pet adjuration. Sir Charles also looked np astonished. He, also, bad not expected his wilful littls wife to haul down her colours so soon. " That seems an nnnsnal way of doing the thing, Georgie," he remarked. " Don't yon think it would be better to leave cards ?" " Bnt if we hare only a week before as, as Wilfred wrote the leas time we lose in preliminaries tbe better," answered Georgie. "Besides, it appears that Mr. Johnson is gone to London for a few days, and his daughter is alone. Rose, who became rather friendly with her when staying in her neighbourhood last month, is going to invite her over for twenty-four hours, and will bring her to see me." Carrathers set silent, palling bis long monstaohe with rather a comical air of discomfiture. His sister observed him from under her dark lashes, and was satistiei. bhe had had a fortunate inspiration tbat morning when ehe resolved to weary him of his fancies by letting him have free play. If Miss Johnson failed to charm him, there was all the more chance of euoosasfortbe beau tiful Miss Courteoay. " I suppose you will go with Charles to Mibb Griswold'a funeral to-morrow, Wilfred? It would only be a proper mark of respect to an old neighbour of oars, sad one that yon have known eioce yon were a child," said the wily little lady, later in the same evening, when she fonnd herself alone with her brother. "I hate funnels, Georgia The conven tional trappings of woe are odious to me," replied Carruthers. "But as I did kuow Miss Griswold ail my life, and as you wish it, I will follow the poor old lady to ber last home. I daresay I shall be as sorry as anyone else present," Bhe was not very amiable," remarked Georgie. " Edith had a great deal to put up with. Bnt all that is pver now, and she is mistrera of five thousand a year. "It is something that she should have earoed it," said Wilfred drily. Georgie looked at him uneasily. She felt that her observation had jarred on him, without exactly knowing why. "Edith is really charming," she said with earnestness, as though repjying-to an nnspuken attack. " So are all your heiresses. But how iB it that I have never seen this particular paragon ?" " Yon have been here so little of late, and Edith has always been away at the time of your visits. Besides, it is not quite twoyearaBlnoe she first oame to live with Miss Griswold. All her youth was spent abroad, I believe ; and she only came to ber eonsin when the death of her father, who was a half-pay offioer, left her an orpham" "And Miss Griswold took her from aharity f ' " Oh no I Edith wonld not have consented to that, I am snre, for ehe ie almost as ridiculous as you are, Wilfred, and that is saying a great deal," replied Georgie. " Miss Griswold was ill, aud wanted a companion." "And in that dependant position and in so short a space of time, yonr friend distanced all competitors in the old lady's favour I" exclaimed Wilfred, "I congratnlate her on her tact." "There were no competitors— except, of conree, the graod-nephew said Georgie. " The grand-nephew ?" " Don't yon remember, " said Lady Eustace, in explanation, " that Mias Griswold had a sister who ran away with a French music- master ?" " Oh yes t It was the great social event of oDe winter in onr childhood. Bat, sarely, tbe sister died without children f "No, ehe left a daughter, only the Gria- wolds were so reserved about it that nothing definite was known for a long time. Bat one dreary afternoon last November tbe sister's daughter, a poor, broken-hearted- looking womso, with a pretty, pale-faced little boy, cime down here, aud ictroduoed heraelf to her oooain." And with what result 2" asked Carruthers. " With the result of alienating herself hopelessly from ber annt at tbe end of a week. Bhe was turned way by the tyran nical old woman after quite a violent and painful scene." " And the pretty pale-faoed boy, of coarse; went with her I" "Of conrse. She was a tactless, foolish kind of person, I believe, and seemed to have inherited tbe Griswold temper. And now, ' poor thing, she is trying to educate her child and support her sick husband by teaching in some little town in Francs," " And those are the people— a sick man, a broken- hearted woman, and an ailing child— tbat Mire Conrtenay defrauds of their in heritance 1" exclaimed Wilfred, with snoh sadden energy that hia sister dropped her work into her lap, and looked op at him qnite startled. " Defrauds I Dear Wilfred, what a strong word 1 Foor Edith could not help her anut'e prejudices, or the other person's temper," expostulated poor Georgie, plaintively. " She conld help taking the money," re plied Carrathers, curtly. "I daresay she will do something for those people. Perhaps educate the boy," suggested Lady Eustace with soothing intention. " I daresay. A sop to Cerberus, intended to stop the months ol a few inconveniently honest-minded people," retorted her brother. Lady Euataoe began to feel very muoh aggrieved. " You are so strange, Wilfred 1" she said, pontingiy. "So different from other people 1 i don't see why yon shonld spoil my pleasure in yonr visit here by being cross with me because I cannot rise to yonr heroics." "Nay, Georgie, I do not mean to be cross," answered Carrathers. "Only I am disap pointed that yon shonld be so blind to — to csrtain things, Bnt I am wrong to blame you for it ; it is tbe way of your world." " 1 don't suppose my world is any worse than yours — all made up of artists and people," auswered Lady Enstace, still con siderably ruffled- " 1 did so hope you would like Edith," ehe went on. "Dear Georgie," interrupted Carrathers, with a qniet gravity that aiienced even her, "dismiss from your mind now and for ever that I wonld consent to repair my broken fortunes with each an inheritance as Miss Courtenay's. I do not despise money, for 1 koow its valoe and 1 foel its want ; bnt my life, if not very productive so far, is at least nut dishonourable, for I have tried to better it Ly no unworthy means. On the other hand, 1 am not morbidly scrupulous, and ii I loved a rich woman, her wealth wonld not prevent my marrying her — under certain conditions. But at no time, nnder no circnm- stances, could I share in a prosperity that had been purchased by a flagrant act of hardness, if not of absolute injustice." "Oh I why did 1 tell him about that little boy 2" was Georgie's last regretful thought as she closed her eyes that night. Chapter III. Miss Griswold'a funeral was over, aud the few mourners bad assembled in tbe library of the Grange (ber house) to hear the will read. Sir Charles Eustace his brother-in-law, tbe Vicar, Mr. Baratow, aod tbe servants, with the lawyer, composed tbe party. Apparently, Mias Griswold bad had no relatives beyond the disinherited niece and her couBin, Mies Courtenay,. who had not as yet appeared. Mr. Aitken, the lawyer, sat with the will spread out before him, waiting for ber to come. Prejudice, like any other strong feeling, ie stimulating to curiosity, and Carruthers, preoccupied with all he had Ueard, looked up expectantly when the door opened to admit the heiress. She walked in slowly. A tall, graceful girl, with trailing sable robes ; cheeks pure and pale, but cot with the pallor of ill-health ; a broad brow, crowoed with wavy masses of bright; chestnut bair ; grave, grey eyes, tbat looked forth, fearless as Pallas Athene's, from nnder the shadow of black lashes ; such was the picture presented to Carruthere' startled gaze. He had been prepared for beauty, but not for this rarest, nameless charm. With a slight, gracious bow to the vicar aud Sir Charles, she sat down, and the read ing of the will began. The old lawyer's dry, monotonous tones awoke Carruthers from hiB enchantment. He remembered that the girl whose loveliness so absorbed him was the mercenary heireBS he had resolved to detest. Bnt the few minutes which had elapsed since his eyes first fell on her bad eo tar modified bis dislike that with it there mingled now a sharp feeling of regret. He found himself listening almost eagerly to the statement of the will in the hopes that the " pretty pale-faced little boy" might be mentioned in it. But Miea Griswold bad apparently died unforgiving, for, with the exception of a few bequests to the servants, one to the lawyer, and another to Mr. Baratow, Edith Courtenay was declared sole residuary legatee of her cousin's " real estate and personal property." A pause followed on tbe lawyer's last words. The eyes of the hearers travelled to Miss Conrtenay and there fixed themselves. The expression on most of the faces was ouriosity mixed with reverence. The reverence was for her newly-acquired wealth, the curiosity was to see how she took it. She took it very quietly, as Carrathers noted with illogical disgust. Considering that she had probably been already acquainted with her cousin's intentions, she could hardly be expected to protest against tbem in the moment of their being made pnblio. Sir Charles was the licet to break silence. He rose, and crossing over to where the heiress Bat, congratulated her in a few ldnd and appropriate words. Then he introdoced his brother-in-law, who bowed rather stiffly, and finally he claimed Edith's promise to return home with him. " Lady EnBtaoe was anxiously expecting hor, and wonld take no denial." Edith acquiesced with tbe graceful calm that seemed habitual to her. Carruthere was constrained to admit that, if she showed little feeling, she had eome good taste ; for she left the gentlemen to eat their luncheon by themselves, and betrayed by no word or act tbe smallest desire to assert her new position as mistress of the Grange. To the lawyer ehe eaid, at the moment of paring, "You have had no news, Mr. Aitkeo?" "None as yet. But there has hardly been time. We ouly wrote little more then a week ago, four days before yonr poor cousin's death ; and the first report, as yon know, was unsatisfactory." " I should like the uncertainty to cease as soon as possible," said Edith, Mr. Aitken bowed. " You may depend upon me not to lose a moment in communi cating with you," he lepi.td. By the mistress of Thornleigh Manor, needless to say, Edith was received with open arms; bat ehe was fain to confess, before three days were ever, that she made small progress towards the goal of her desire. As lar as she conld eee, and with every wish to see ehe best, there was batwesb tier brother and ber guest an invincible coldness worse than any d. alike. And yet, in so judging, Georgie lacked true insight ; for, whatever Miss Courtenay's secret feelings might be, Carrathers was conscious in himself of a certain etrnggle | which nothing wonld have indnoed him to betray. Ho was alternately attracted and repelled by Edith in a manner that pnzxled himself. Jnst as he had made np his mind that his admiration was for her beauty alone, since morally she was entirely conventional, some observation in her low, rioh voioe, some brief radiance of feeliog in her pure and perfect face, wonld Bnrprise him with tbe suggestion that possibly he misunderstood her after all. Bnt snoh moments were rare and fleeting, for Bhe observed towards him an attitude of reserve as marked as courtesy wonld allow, and for which a little incident that happened a day or two after her arrival appeared to be principally responsible. Georgie and hor friend were seated, one warm morning, on the terrace overlooking the Italian garden and the broad sweep of nodnlatieg sward, planted with noble oaks and "immemorial elms," that, Btretofaiog away to tbe silver line of the river, was broken a moment there, and again rose beyond. " Yon had never seen Wilfred before, I think 2" asked that arch schemer, her lady ship, in a careless tone, while her Beriona attention seemed to be entirely absorbed in the shading of a cyclamen in crewels. " Never." "Don't yon think him handsome 2" "Very handsome." "He has the face of onr ancestor who sailed with Drake, and who, in his portrait, looks as noble as Bayard, and as brave," said Georgie, with nnoaoal poetry. "And ha him self ie like an old Grander is his exaggerated chivalry. Poor Wilfred 1" Edith looked ronnd, apparently interested. " Tell me abont him," she said. Lady Enstace, nothing loth, in words whioh affection made eloquent, told how her brother had resolved to pay hia father's debts ; how gallantly he had faced his changed for tunes ; how simply and nobly he had lived. She described his passion lor art, his rare delight in beanty, his sensitive hononr, hia proudi reserve. As ehe spoke she grew more end more animated, end a flush of responsive enthusiasm rose to the cheek of her listener. " He always says tbat he will make money by hia piotures when fan abali have worked hard enough; but I know he has a secret shrinking from barter, though he would not own it, for he thinks the feeling a weakness. Meanwhile the dear old plaoe will probably never again be his home, oonolnded Georgie, with tears in her brown eyes ; "for he will be an old man before it is redeemed, and perhaps he may never even bave children to whom to leave 1L" " Why not?" asked Edith. Lady Enstaoe felt tbat a critical moment had arrived. She waa a little agitated as abe answered : " Yon see be could nardly afford to marry a penniless girl, even living an he does. To be reinstated in his old position he mnBt marry a woman with money ; and un- fortnoately hit fastidions notions stand in the way of that. He would have to fall in love with an heiress, in spite of himself." (" If that does not make yon reeolve to marry him, 1 don't know what will I" was Georgie's mental commentary en her own worde.) Edith sat perfectly silent Was she touabed or displeased? Georgie conld not decide, and began to be rather alarmed at her own daring. She felt relieved when Wilfred nimself appeared at the open window, and with a gay By yonr leave I" stepped opon the terrace, and presented Edith with a tall white lily. She thanked him smiling ; bnt Lady Eustace exclaimed, " You might bave found something better in the hothonse, Wilfred." ? True," said her brother ; "but I wished toimake a sketch of Miss Conrtenay with a lily in her hand, if Miss Courtney will be so gracious as to allow it." " Certainly," said Edith : and while Carrathers looked gratified, Lady Eustace positively coloured with delight. Here was an opportunity indeed 1 She flattered away, and left the artist and hiB model to themselves. But although Edith sat beautifully, and Carruthers made a very conscientious design, they did not find a great deal to say to ooe another, or make much progress towards a more intimate acquaintance. Only as Wilfred ended hiB sketch and looked np to thank his sitter, he was startled to find her lovely, serious eyes fixed upon him with a glance "of peculiar contemplation. She Lowered them instantly on detection, and, so far as so calm a person could, she even looked a little embarrassed. " You mnst do me the honour oflookiogat tbe sketch," be said, holding it ont for her inspection ; " though it maligns yon, of course." "You are bound to say so," replied Edith. " And yon will answer me in the name words, if L say that 1 find it idealized." "That ia just tbe ground for my own dis satisfaction with it," he returned. "Only idealize is not so mnch the word as enfeebled. You look a littls too much like a mediisval saint, or some affected modern improvement on the same — such as the blessed Damozel." " Bnt that I onght to regard ae a compli ment," eaid Edith, "I think not," answered Wilfred reflec tively. " It is true I had a vague, mystical idea in my mind when I gave you the lily to hold; but I had not drawn many strokes before I found ont my mistake." Hia seeret thought was that her beanty. thongh a little queenly and cold, bad flashes of something very human. He wished she would raise her eyes to hie again, and let him aee what was really the epirlt — whether of pride, or tenderness, or passion — that dwelt in their depths. Bnt Bhe kept them fixed en tbe sketch, and yet, it seemed to him, not in contemplation of that. Presently she gave it back to him, without a word ; whereas most women wonld have sought to oontinne a conversation on that most fascinating and fruitful of all themes — themselves. Carrnthera felt a little disappointed and, truth to tell, a little Borry. Was she offended that he wonld not admit the likeness between herself and a medsval saint ? "Iam afraid yoo are hardly satisfied with my attempt," he said. "Bat yon should make allowances, reflecting how unattainable is perfection — even to imitate." Edith laughed — the softest, sweeteBt, most silvery of undertoned laughs. It took him by surprise, _ for Bhe was generally rather grave, and in this unmistakable ring of amassment there was qnite a revelation. " And yon shonld make allowances, know ing how difficult it is to discuss oneself." " That is difficulty foreign to most people;" answered Wilfred. ' Yon think so ?" said Edith. " Yet you never speak of yourself." No observation conld have been made more simply or naturally : and yet its Immediate effect was to freeze them both. Hit first movement, indeed, had been to draw a little closer to her; bnt he stopped, for he saw that she shrank from him — thongh almost imper ceptibly. " I suppose I can go now ?" she asked, and this time looked fall at him, bat it was with a glance of perfect indifference. " By all means — if you wish it," answered Carrathers, sad drew aside to let her pass. She gathered np her work and left him ffnietly, without haate as without delay. Bat she was not qnite no pale as nanal ; and he looked almost annoyed. And yet, if questioned, he could hardly have said why. The little scene, Buoh as it was, had a hidden sigoiScanoa that irritated, while it escaped him. Miee Courtenay's looks or toues conld have had no particular interest for him, since he oould not be celled in love with her, and passing flirtations had at no time any attrac tions for him. But tbe vividly disagreeable part of his impressions was consciousness that the heiress had intended to repel him. He conld only suppose that she waa afraid of hie eeeking ber fortune, and hia blood fired at the thought. He ntndionsly avoided her from that moment, bnt by not eo much as n psssiog glance did ehe betray the smallest perception of his behaviour. Her enperbjin- differeace wonld baye piqued a vainer man than Carruthere into pursuit ; bat his pride | was absolutely sincere. The only effect pro- i dwsed on bim by Edith'e conduct was — in ' so far as it confirmed hia snspiaionB of its cause — to deepen his original prejudice against her. As may well be supposed, this state of things reduced poor Georgia to the verge of despair. She had counted on Edith's beanty to overoome Carruthere' fastidions samples ; and if thiB potent spell failed, what should succeed ? In her distress', (jvorgiefc thoughts actually at times turned with an oscillating movement caused of mingled attraction and repulsion towards Miss Johnson ! Chapter IV. " Pray, Georgie, when am I to see Miss Johnson?" asked Carrathers one morning at breakfaBt of bis Bister, " Yon promised me I should make her acquaintance immediately. "Yet here I have been five days, and that "tangible yonng lody in as intangible as over. ."n will see hor this evening after dinner, said Georgie, " Sbehas had a swollen face— possibly indnoed by ber love of singing to the moon," maliciously oontinued her ladyship, " whioh obliged her to put off her visit for a few days. Bnt before going to bed to- night yon will know the aolour of her eyes. " Is Mr. Csrrnthers very much interested in the oolonr of Miss Johnson's eyes?" enquired Edith. "Profoundly so," replied Carrathers gravely. "And in everything connected with Miss J ohnson. Do yon happen to know her? " Yes. Very well. We lived in the same neighbourhood one whole year In Rely. It was by my recommendation, in fact, that Mr, Johnson honght Lord Seatown's plaoe, I knew he wanted to live in thiB connty — thongh I don't think hia daughter did," added Edith, smiling. "Pcor girl I Her father pnnecntes her, I believe 2 " asked Wilfred, with reviving interest in the distressed damsel of his dreams. "Not exaotly. Only" he objected to Bianoa " " Bianca I there, Georgie 1" interpolated Wilfred triumphantly. ' ' I beg yonr pardon, Miss Conrtenay. Pray go on." " Her name, of oouree, is Blanche. She always insisted upon being called Bianoa, beaanse of her love for all things Italian," explained Edith. Did her love extend to all men Italian ! " enquired Georgie, wlokedly, " Only to one, in particular. Her father made her very unhappy, for a time, by not allowing her to marry a oonnt whose blood was as bine as his purse was ill-famished." "There, Wilfred i" mimicked Georgie. Bat her brother ignored the exolsmation. " la not Miss Johnson a most obanning person ? " he asked with groat seriousness. "I think she is very good," replied Edith, after some hesitation. "And tall, and very beautiful, and with an exquisite voice 2 " persisted Carruthers. " Oh 1 don't toil him — please 1 " cried Georgie, olaeping her hands. " He saw ber once in the moonbeams. He has the most exalted notions of her. Pray leave them undisturbed." "They wonld not be disturbed by a contrary judgment to my own," said Wilfred. "Ladies don't nndentand one another's beauty." "You mean to insinuate that we are jealona ? " cried Georgie. " I mean to insinuate nothing. I state a fact." "Then I shall not proceed to illustrate it bytellingyon what I think of Miss Johnson," said Edith, ; "That afternoon, Mr. Aitken, the lawyer, arrived with an Important air, and was closeted for a long time in tbe library with Miss Conrtenay. Carrnthera, chased from that retreat by the invasion, felt pat ont, and said rather biting thinga regarding helreaaea to poor Georgie- Hia bitter feel ings were not improved when, on oomlng down to dinner, he found -himself alone in the drawing-room with Edith, aod had leisnre to observe how giorionslyhandsomeshe looked. Her cheeks had a delicate flash, and her eyes shone like stare. " The poetry of investments has fired her sonl I" thought Wilfred, hugely disgusted. But he was destined to a great surprise. On the Baronet and bis wife entering the room, whioh they did almost simultaneously, Georgie's first remark had reference to Edith'e occupation that afternoon. " I am afraid yonr new oares weary yon, dear," she said tenderly. " Yon look qnite overwrought." "I feel a little excited," returned Edith, rather tremulously ; " but my new cares have been of short duration, and now they are over." " Bnt they will begin again," said Georgie. " When one is mistress of the Grange " Edith interrupted her. " I am no longer mistress of the Grange, if, indeed, I was ever to be called each. That property, I am glad to aay, has passed into the possession of its rightfol owner." "I — I don't understand," stammered Georgie. Carruthers' heart had given a great throb of exultation that considerably surprised himself. " It is a long story," said Edith, " and one which I have been anxions to tell yon for days ; for, indeed, I have felt — thongh I know that it was an injustice towards yon to do so — as if I were here under false pretences. It is true that my poor oonein left me all her money by will, and that was a resolution which she arrived at immediately after the unfortunate scene with hor niece last year, with which yon are acquainted. Bnt in the enjoyment of a fortune obtained at tbe expeose of what I felt to be a groat injustice, I never could have been happy, and con sequently L and Mr. Aitken, and Mr. Baratow with me, exerted what influence we had with my cousin to indues her to alter her will. But ahe was for a long time inflexible. She was, as yon know, a person of the strongest prrjadices. She chose to imagine that all her niece had told her about herself, ber sick husband, her ailing child, and general cir cumstances, was jnst ono tissue of falsehood ; and the idea that aoy of her wealth shonld be extorted from her by what she described as ' impudent fictionB,' simply drove ber wild. But towards the last she began to yield ; and although nothing wonld induce her to admit that she had beeo in the wrong, she confessed that, if she were qnite sure the boy wonld turn out well, oho should be glad to think that he might one day own tbe land. "Mr. Aitken wrote immediately to France to have enquiries made. I am sure that my eonsin had a eeoret hope of their turning ont favourably ; for, with the delicate generosity which ehe bad in some things, ehe sold -oat railway shares to the amount of £10,000, and reinvested them immediately in my name, thus providing against any fear of fntnre poverty for me. It wsb the presentiment of her fast-approaching end that made her do this, I think, for she wished to elnde the necessity of re making her will It was a kind of salve to her pride, I fancy, tbat her kinsfolk shonld reoeive from me what they chose to consider, and what was, indeed, their right, There was delay in getting the answer from Francs, for tbe poor people we were in search of hod changed their place of abode, and bad left no address. Meanwhile, my eonsin sank rapidly and died, as yon are aware, rather suddenly at the last. She had a morbid dislike to having ber affaire or in tentions discussed after her death, and made me promise to keep all the enqniries secret until I knew that tbe reenlt was satisfactory. Whet she shrank from most, I imagine, was tbe idea of aoy disgraceful facts coming ont in regard to her relatives. She (tad ao long bugged the conviotion of their nnworthineea that ahe ooqld. not divest her mind of it all at ones ; only, in her altered state of feeling, what had been a kind of malignant pleasure to her, oame to be, at last, a fear. Bnt I am glad to S8f that tbe report 1 received from Mr. Aitken was everything that conld be wished. Tbe little boy, wifh hia father and mother, wilj be here in a few days, and as soon as the necessary formalities have been gone through, the transfer of the property will be effected. It only remains now for me to disclaim any right to be considered mistreaaof the Grange." Edith stopped. She bad spoken qnite simply, and had got through the difficult task of recounting her own generoeity w.thoot showing, by a single look or phrase, the sense that she waa doing anything extraordinary. Bat it is probable that she was n little ear prised by the silenae that followed her words. The truth was, that of bar three listeners, Carrathers alone conld qnite rise to her level. And he was silent for another reason or rather, for a host of other reasons. Sir Charles, not knowing exactly what to say, expected bin wife ti speak first, and poor Georgie was simply atnnned. At last. Sir Charlea spoke, and in hie straightforward well-bred manner, fonnd exactly the right words. " I cannot pretend to congratnlate you. my dear Miss Conrtenay,'' said cordially, " vinos everything yon have told as is only n fresh proof of how nobly yon wonld have spent the wealth had you considered it really yonrs. And I will not compliment yon, for that wonld be superfluous, Ali I can say is, I should be glad If the interests of jostioe were always confided to each hands." Sir Charles (always with an eye to his fntnre constituents) felt very well satisfied with himself as he finished his little apseob ; and, indeed, I think hs had reason — don't yon, reader? "Dear Edith, I mnst kiss yon I" said Georgia. And nnder tbat favonrite feminine act of expansiveaesa her little ladyship hid a world of disappointment. At this janctnre the butler announced dinner. It was rather a silent meal, for Edith was a little too excited to talk mnoh, and Georgie's mortifioation was so great that she was en tbe very brink of tears. Whet increased her irritation was, that aha noticed how Carrathers — while he talked politic rather absently to hia brother-in-law — con tinually watobed Edith. "One conld think she had done it on pnrpoae to vex me 1 " was tbe tbongbt that rankled in Lady Enataoe's breast, as she reflected how positively inevi table it wan that now, when the "heiress " was an heiress no longer, Carrnthera wonld ley his heart at her feet. ; She carried Edith off to the drawing-room as quickly as she could after dinner, and when ! she had her there, hardly knew how to be ' civil to ber. She was thankful when the gentlemen came to relieve her from the 1 neoesaity of talking ; and regretted it the next moment, for Carrathers took Us seat by Edith's side. Altogether, she was in a most uncomfortable state of mind, and hailed, with a joy that she had never expected to ex perience on each an ooossion, the moment when her drawing-room door was thrown open by tbe servant, annonnoing "Mias Johnson and Miss Baratow." " I hope we are not late," said the Vioar's bonny little daughter. " Allow me, Lady Enstaoe, to introduce my friend, Miss John son." " Delighted i " murmured Georgia. " ' My husband— Miss Johnson. Mr. Carrnthera, my brother." Tail 2 Shade of Anak 1 Miss Johnson was undoubtedly that. A yonng giantess, in faot, with red hair, a fresh, honest, ugly faoe, and the moat perfect self-possession. She grasped her hostess's hand with a fsrvonr that sent all Georgia's diamond rings into her delicate fingers, and made her wines with pain. She acknowledged ths gentlemen's bows with an air of gratified eondeoansion, and, on catching sight of Edith, strode across the room and enfolded her in a herculean embrace. Tho effeot prodnoed by her ap pearand waa remarkable for its unanimity — being principally astonishment. In Georgia's esse the feeling toss to consternation, of which her face was a picture. Even Sir Charles's decorous oonotenancs wore a look of amaze; while as for Carruthere, after the first gasp of anrprise; he subsided into an arm-chair, and, from that secure resting-place, surveyed the lady thus introduced into his aister'B drawing-room mnch ashe might, nnder similar circumstances, havs contemplated a yonog girsffs. Miss Johnson, to do her justice, was qnite at her ease.. Five minutes after her entry she was established on tbe divan next to Georgie ; and while sipping a cap of Orange Pekoe, expatiated on herself, her views, her doings, and her paps, with sn i"fl»i»qotiB egotism and an entranoing vulgarity. " Now really, Lady Enstace," she said, « "yon cannot think how glad I am to find myself here. And pa is delighted too. Of coarse 1 wrote and told him the instant Rose gave mo yonr invitation. And he will have been beside himself for pleasure : that I know." "I am enchanted, I am snre," said Georgie. " If I had ever thought " " Of conrse," interrupted Miss Johnson, warmly ; "I always said to pa, ' Lady Eustace can't be calling on the whole neigh bourhood. But if ever I meet her, yon jnst trust ms to make friends with her.' And now it's done, yon see ! " And in an excess of cordiality the yonng lady extended an ample paw. " Indeed I have every reason to be grateful to Miss Barstow for her introduction," said Georgie, hastily employing her still-aching little band in seizing her guest's cap. "No more tea, thank yon," said Mi— Johnson, who, as Georgie moved away from ber, transferred ber attentions to Edith, remarking facetiously : " So I hear we have- become companions in misfortune." Seeing Edith look rather mystified, she added in explanation: "Both heiresses, yon know. And riches are a snare to the feet of the unwary, so of coarse we onght to be aondoled with. Wonld not yonr father say so, Rose ? " Edith, in a few worde, explained how she wsb abont to transfer tbe property to her cousins, out of regard to the last spoken wish of Miss Griswold. "Good gracious ! " exclaimed the corn- merchant's danghter. " fiat yon might have kept it if yon had liked, mightn't yon? Probably the poor lady was wandering a uttle at tbe last." "I don't think ahe was," said Edith, amused. "Well! It's noble — isn't it 2" said Miss Johnson, admiringly ; " bnt somehow it seems a pity, too." Tbe remark was addressed to ths company io general, aud though nobody answered it, it is probable that It expressed the sentiments of the majority. Not at all chilled by the silence, Miss Johnson resumed : " You are not a bit like other people. I alwaya said so. Yon remind me of tbe heroine of a novel." "Yoo were always of a romantic imagina tion, Bianca," raid Edith, playfully. "In onr old Italian days, I remember, yon endowed with the qualities of a Joan of Arc every peasant girl who spun by the roadside ; end every Gigi or Cecco who sang to a guitar was in yonr eyes a Rizzio." " Dear Italy ! " sighed Miss Johnson, sentimentally. " By-the-bye, Wilfred, yon have never given Miss Johnson her bracelet," raid Georgie, with a wan little smile — the very ghost of ber vanished merriment. A bracelet of miDe 1 " "Yonrs," answered Carrathers, "as I have every reason to believe. I picked it np out side the garden of the Yilla Gnidotti two years ago, and it has yonr name on it." At the Bame time he drew it from his pocket. It was to be an evening of surprises, for " Ah I that is mine ! " exclaimed Edith Conrtenay, in joyfnlamazement,and stretched ont both ber hands. " Yonrs I " Carrathers looked at hor with a sadden thrill of intense emotion. As for Georgie, she nearly groaned aloud. "Mine indeed," said Edith, smiling at his hesitation, of which she did not understand the canse. "My second name is Blanche also, and that bracelet was given mo in Italy, where they caiiled me also Bianca." " Wo were always called the two Biancas," observed Miss Johnson, complaoently. " Then wore you at the Yilla Gnidotti that night?" inquired Carruthere, with an earnest ness which seemed so disproportionate to the occasion that Edith looked at him in wonder., "The night I lost my bracelet? Of coarse I wsb. And I remember now bearing that somebody had fonnd it and enquired for, ita owner; and poor Madame Gnidotti was in despair at the mistake which had erased hej to give yon the wrong address. She sent her son to look for yon, but yon had flown." j "Well, now yon have fonnd the right- owner, donH yon think yon had better return her property, Wilfred?" asked Georgie pettishly, provoked with her brother, who stood looking at the bracelet in a dreamy way. " True ! " ha said, and crossed the room to the sofa where Edith rat. "Let me pnt it on yon." The touch of tender familiarity in his tone — that subtle inflection which is more eloquent to a woman's eats than words— brought the coionr to her cheek. Except lor that sign of emotion she set like some fob statue. While he claaped the golden circlet round her wrist, her arm was resting on the back of the sofa. With a mattered- excuse abont the fastening of the bracelet, he. bent his head as if to look oloser, and, ewiftly, before she conld guess his intention,1 his lips, for one brief instant, touched her" hand. When he looked up, the Btatue had come to life, at laBt, aod in the beantifoT eyes, tbat he had sometimes thought too cold, he read ail that he had ever hoped to eee there of prond bnt entire surrender, audi <<f passionate thongh purest love, Look at the moon ! It in like a coppelY shield," eaid tbe Vicar's danghter graphically f ! pointing through the open window towards the- v hill behind which the rnddy disc had jnst' i risen. j "Oh I let ns go into the Park ! " suggested Miss Johnson, ever romantic. ' L The idea was backed with much qntbosiaatg : by Carrutbere. The baronet and Roae Baretow preferred a battle at chess— r game at which they were both capital players, and were in the habit of inflicting on one another the moat terrific defeats. "Then you come with mel" said the irrepressible Miss Johoeon to Georgie, and seized her victim by the arm. Lady Euetaoe, who was by no means acouefcomed to do anybody's will but her own, would probably have resisted, under ordinary cir cumstances, and come off victorious into the bargain. But the spectacle of Carruthers and Edith already on the terrace bo galva nized her powers of revolt that Bhe was led forth by the gigantio heirees as meekly as a lamb to the slaughter. If her intention, however, was to keep her eyes on the lovers, the counted without her host— or rather, without her brother. " Let us go to see the swaus asleep ou the like," was his perfidions suggestion. Oelightfol 1" exclaimed Miss Johnson, whioh was exactly what he expeoted her to say And be knew that the way to the lake was by devious paths where he would have . no difficulty in dodging his sister. It consequently happened that in a very short space of time he was alone with Edith i In a moonlight path, where their footstepe startled the deer asleep in the shadow of the beeches. And Carrntbera told Edith how "on snoh a night" two years before, in Italy, he had seen her for the first time. In words simpler than his sister's, but which found none the leas an echo in the heart of the girl beside him, he recounted how he had straggled with poverty and battled with despair. " You are still too rioh for me, my darling," he sa;d ; " but that thought will only make me work the harder. As a ruined gentleman, 1 have worked for my own sake, to save myself from a death in life. As your husband, 1 feel that it will be easy for me to become an artist. Bo you thick me worth sving from poverty and from oblivion ?" He had taken her two hands in hie, and held them tightly pressed to htB breast. The soft light fell upon her lovely upturned face, on which he looked with a tender, half- doubtiDg, half oonfident, questiODOaing smile. She made no answer, and gently drew away her hands. Then, just as a pained look of dawning disappointment olonded his brow, she drew his head down and pressed her sweet lips to hie. And poor Georgia? Well, she is recon ciled to th efait accompli now, especially as her brother :s rapidly growing famous. And, what is more, she has become bitten with her husband's political mania, and learnt the . value of popularity Strangest thing of all, she has even come to tolerate and; in a certain way, to like Mies Johnson ; ana, with a eatief action haidly inferior to that of the yonng lady heraelt, has arranged a marriage between the colossal rotonere and a very small, extremely-rained nobleman— of pro- nouooed Liberal views. The advertising columns of the Nedbras- Jdan are filled with rude wood-cuts of oows, each with a particular brand on her side, and her ears trimmed into irregular shapes. These are the herdsmen's announcements of the way in whioh their stock are marked for identification, bo that when the beasts get astry on the prairies, or are stolen they may be readily traced. The variety of cows' ears must be great ont there, for in these pictures may be found specimens of Bquare, triangular, three pronged, nod irregularly notched ears, no cow having ears that match eaoh other. Hrw Mods ox Pbesebving. — The follow ing easy mode of preserving fruit ie being largely adopted on the Continent of Europe. Large well-glazed earthenware jais or porcelain pots with well-titting lids ar, ranged in a cool dry cellar. A bottle of good rnm is poured into each jar, and ar_, the fruits ripen they are thrown into is, along with an equal weight of sugar. The content of the jar most be stirred round from time to time. In the case of stone f raits, the etooe must be removed, and the frait if large should be cut in halves. The rum and sugar form, with the juices of the fruits, an ex tremely agreeable compound which will keep good for years. Leading German newspapers give descrip tions of the persons who attend, and of business done at the weekly parliamentary soirees given by Prince Bismarck, their im portant political influence being recognised. Tobacco ib smoked, beer is drank from silver mugs, and the opinions of representatives and journalists are swayed by the fascinating statesmen. There are aubsequent suppers for ladies, no servants being present, and after that champague is offered; but even the ladies prefer eilver mugs of beer. Prince Bismarck's great dog, the "Reichshuod," still lives, and is a prominent figure at the Chan cellor's " parliamentary soirees." As soon as the visitor has disencumbered himself of hat and overcoat, the Prince and his sods come forward to receive him, usnaliy accompanied by the renowned dog, which put Prince Gortschakoff in each terror during the Berlin Congress. A Quaint Old Dance. — In a book called "The Dancing-master," published in 1728, appears the following description of a dance called ' Longways," to be danced by "as many as will " .Note — Each strain is to be played twice over. The first wo abort for woman holds her handkerchief on her face, and goes on the outside below the third wo, and comes op the middle to her place; first in an follows her (at the same time pointing and smiling at her) up to bis place. First man do the same, ooly he beckons his wo to him. First woman makes a motion of drying first one eye, and then the other, and claps her hands oue after another on her sides (the firBt man looking surprisingly at her at the same time and turn her partner. First cn couple ? move with two slow steps down the middle and back again The first cu set and cast oft" , Most men wonld now look " surprisingly" at any ' wo " doing this old figure, without receiving an order to do so from 44 The Dancing- master." The Milkmen's PiCKia— The milkmen are going to have a picnic next week, and the arrangements have all been made with a view to rendering the affair thoroughly characteristic in every particular. Sky-blue will be the prevailing color worn, and arrayed in skirts of that familiar tint the ladies, as they spin in the mazy, will look as nearly like inverted goblets of city cow-jmce as possible. The dancing floor will be t&ckiy; covered with chalk, a netful mineral ,whioh ao reliable milkman was ever known to go hack on or to lac, Mind your Latin, Mr. Printer, becauBe that's where the cream of the joke cumes io. This floor will be skimmed at frequent intervals throughout the evening, yet, strange to relate, the very creme dc la crane of lactiferous eircles will still remain on it. The can-can, we hear, is strictly barred, bnt the he danced by all who can canter through it. The programme iB to be drawn up with all those peculiarities of orthography, grammar, and style for which milk-hills are so deser vedly famous. It will, moreover, be printed cd cream- laid paper and decorated with the milkman's coat of arms, a pomp, bias, over the motto "Cbalkifcdown." The ' L'eics Letter's champion picnic reporter has volunteered to go and return via the Milky Whey in honour of the occarionj This would be just the cheese. Dairy do it? It is said that nothiog can cow butter man might make a bull of euch an attempt for all that. — S.F. J? ewe Letter, ? Diamal stories emanate from the impresario of Germany, Austria, Bsmis, and Fijance as to tbe losses experienced by paying the exorbitant exactions of prime doooe,i and of the agenta who repreeent their interests and their own at the same. time. There is hope of amendment when things come to thp worst, j and, although the project of a congress of Opera-house directors to coalesce in the . resistance to the demands of rcioons salaries by singers, has failed, the individual losses of directors in more than one capital are oper ating towards a reform. M. JSecudiei of the Theatre Itallen in Paris, has given jap -the notion of carrying on an undertaking in which be was compelled not only to pay high, terms to the artists or to thoee who farm them, but also had to devote a portion of the hiUBe to the payment of an organised deque to secure a furore and a thowei of Vquets and will devote his energies to tbe&tre; Iyriqne, at the Salle VoLUdoa%. having the aid of a Government grant. The JTew Tori Herald has betu exposing the vicious ayatem, .iiiswliog upun the observance of a .practice, the adoption of which has teen urged iu tbe Athenaum for b.If . century C6Hio!3" the obligation of impresarios to secure . perfect ensemble, or, as it is can celled au aU-roaud performance" cl principals, band, »nd chorus, in pl.ee of sacrificing masterpieces to promote tbe popularity and to .increase the dictatorship of individual artists, a modus operandi which bH advanced rapidly; to. extinguish til. predilection in thisoOBntoy for Italian opera. \--Attenavm, 