THE PROMENADE CONOEIRT Which was given by the Minstrels of the West, in the Perth Town Hall, on Wednes day last, may be.presumed to have been an experimcnt to see whether entertainments of the description were likely to take, with a view to establishing a regular succession of similar concerts through the autumn. No thing was said of any such intention in the published advertisement but an isolated promenade concert would be a meaningless affair in a place like Perth. Nine persons out of ten would be afraid to go to it. They would want to know who would beithere, in what sort of dress they were to go, and what they were to do with themselves. Though there is a tradition of a similar concert having been held sofne years -add, the idea is to all intents and purposes new to most people. This was shown by the thin attend ance on Wedimeuiay, s well as by the evidelit timorousness of the company, the majority of whom were sealed to the seats round the sides of the hall for thefirst half hour, and did not walk about or feel themselves at their ease till the performance was half over. At the same time the experiment was so successful that it afforded every promise of future concerts, if a series should be given, becoming very popular, and just answerilng the end they are meant to accomplish. There were perhaps not more than three hundred persons in the hall, but there was a fair sprinkling of all classes. Every one was in walking costume and there was no attempt at dress nor any gathering together in knots, or affectation of exclusiveness. Were there another concert next- week under the same management the room would be full, as it would be for any number of times, if the con certs only followed each other weekly or even fortnightly. The musical performances were excellent throughout. With such per formers in the orchestra as Clifton, GCiriffiths, Pether, Parry, Dean, Compton (conductor and pianist) and others of the same stamp, it could not be anything else. Indeed, it was in one way too good It was quite a pity for violin solos such as those played by Mr. Clifton and Mr. Griffiths to be half drowned by the chatter of voices and the moving of feet, anmid certainly very much in ferior music would have served the occasion. Were it found practicable, as it is undoubt edly desirable, to have a succession of such concerts at short intervals, the place of any performer who could not conveniently at tend on any particular night, could be easily filled up so as to satisfy the public, even if t~he music was not quite so good. For that matter the Volunteer band and the minstrels might play on alternate nights, and the con certs not suffer as regarded their popularity. There were-pierhaps wisely-only a few songs introduced into the performance on Wednesday. Mr. Rosser, who took Mr. iendey's place, sang two songs not badly, but as it ras impossible to hear the words and the songs did not appear in the pro gramme, their names cannot be given. If Mr. liosser will learn the art of making himself distinctly heard-an art about which there is no great mystery--he will find his singing far more appreciated. He would also do well to attend more to attitude. It is all very proper for a singer to throw forward his chest so as to give his lungs full play, butitisaptto provoke a smile when he curves himself to such a degree as to look like the moon in her first quarter. Captain Wilkinson sang-as he always sings-well and artistically. But, why does he always sing something about the Queen or England? He never sings absolute trash, so far as the music of his songs are concerned, but his repertory of song seems extremely limited, and tufortunately limited to a class against which people in general have an unpatriotic prejudice. Songs about England and the Royal Family are only one degree less popu lar than songs about one's "mother." Sure ly, Captain Wilkinson has sung these songs long enough. England has not been so very grateful to him-not indeed as grateful as many persons think she might have been with advantage to the public service. But perhaps the gallant captain lives in hl?o?. ?M.-fGigg's singiring ofPulaski's Ban ner, though not altogether without merit, be trayed such a want of confidence on the part of the singer as quite to spoil the effect. Every one was looking at the poor mans face and watching its contortions. It is difficult to say what it was like unless it was the face of some miserable wight who, in a moment wnhen e was enduring the agonies of sea sickness, was seized by pirates and made to sing a song in sight of a rope hanging from a yard arm, with the intilnation that if his sminging was not satisfactory he would be strungup without mercy. Having to sing in the presence of a ghost-especially if it wastheghostof one whozthe_ singer. had murdered and whose body had not been dis covered-might produce the same effect, but this is doubtful. Mr. Gegg's supporter Mr. Hart-seemed so overcome by the sight of his companion's terror that he murmured something in an almost inaudible tone and escaped cri'.icism. The only comic song of the evening was one sung by Mr. Dean. Per haps this was as well. A great point in prom enade conce2rts is to keep them very orderly, and comic songs give an opportunity for larrikinism. The performance closed and the people turned out at a quarter to eleven. 