Mr. Dampier's Hamlet. The citizens of Sydney have onoe nwve had an opP0'' tunity of witnessing a creditablo poi-formance of tne- grandest drama written by man. On Tbnrsdoy ana Friday tho company at tho Queen's Theatre Ptoyeo ' Hamlet,' wiUi Mr. Dampicr filling the role of tho Princo of Denmark. Althongb there was a good deal of wooden acting and stilted speech, the subordinate parts were fairly rondcrat witn ina e*«ei^' «? »«- Ghost, whose utterances sounded like the - lonff prayer' of a particularly dry and doleful Scotch divine. Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan, aa j Polonius, may be singled out as '^'ff j given a rendering of his character decidedly above tn& l average. But, of course, as in almost every perform- j ance of ' Hamlet,' the interest centred in the young; j Prince himself. Mr. Dainpier adopts tho conventional' j garb, and, indeed, is compelled to do so, unless he- 1 were playing the part for a time sufficiently long to- 1 justify a considerable expenditure upon new- dresses-. J When a Shakespearian play is put upon tho boards I for a night ot two, it is useless to expect anytmng- 1 but a thoroughly conventional rendering. The .1 dresses are similar to those used in every ,j theatre in the world, tho ' business is iden- I tic&l; in Sydney and London down to the 1 very manner in which 'the grave-digger pats the 1 sculls with his spade, and puts his hat upon it to lllus- 1 trate his argument. Bnt although tho rendering ist I necossarily conventional, Mr. Dampicr 8 acting i| 1 marked by a power that raises him above tho level oE j the everyday interpreters of Hamlet. Ifwemisteto j not, he has sat at tho feet of Irving, for in his best; parts ho resembles that masterly actor in hus manage ment of his voice. His strength is4n soliloquy, ana is particularly successful in the passage O, thattnis too, too solid flesh would melt!' which perhaps raises the spectators' expectations higher than tho actor is able to fulfil in subsequent parts. Not only in the soliloqnies, bnt in tho dialogue he displays a froodom from rant which is rare even in the most accomplished actors. Helw no great command of facial expression, and has httlp aid in that way in the expression of tho subtle eattdes of thought with which tho play abounds ; but, by a. most judicious use of a good voice, ho gives a most powerful representation of tho character of Hamlet-' Indeed, it is by his reading ratherthan his aebngthat . he achieves his success, for his movements, though. ea6y and graceful, are not very expressive, whereas every note of his voice produces its desired effect. On Friday night Mr. Darapior appeared rather unequal ; and, on one occasion, in tho mad dialogue with Ophelia, ho mode uso of tho colloquial expression, I say. »J such a tone that a large portion of tho audienoo could not rcBtrain their laughter, unsuitable as itwa6. In threa of the finest scones Bfr. Dampier was nnable to do vclopo his full powers. In tho play scono ho needei more adequate support, and the spectator who only saw tho representation on Friday would scarcely; believe it possible that this scene could bo 6o acted as to excite the andionco almost to a pitch Of madness as is the case in Irving's splendid performance. In tho* 6cone in the mother's chamber, the dialogue was ab breviated, and tho spectator only witnessed enough to convince him that Mr. Dampior could, under more, favourable conditions, do justice to this Bcone. Ana the memorable scene where Hamlet finds his uncle upon his kneos, and hesitates to kill him, lest he should send his soul to heaven was, with exception of a few words of prayer on tho king's part, altogether omitted. This is one of tho gems of the play, and as it is soliloquy would suit Mr. Dam pier's special talents. Of tho text, and by Mr. Dam pier, wo can epoak in terms of high commendation. Ho appears to adheru very closely to tho Cambridge text; which is recognised as embodying the best results oE modern research. In a few instances ho takes his own course, and adopts readings from tho folios m the place, of the quartos, in opposition to the balance of critical opinion, but in every instance tho reading chosen is an intelligent one, and hae n, good deal to commend it Altogether, wo l-ecogulse the porfonnanco as ono which, although not worthy to he compared with tho deleniations of Irving and Salvim, « deserving of very high praise, and wo honour Mr. Dampier as a con scientious studont and able exponent ot tho groat dramatist. 