AMERICA. ?'.???: ??' SAMUEL NEILSON. ' AMERICAN CITIZENS UNITE TO HONOUE AX. IRISH PHESBYTEKIAN. The Poughkeepsie (N. Y.) News publishes the following address from Rev. Dr. Edwaul M'S weeny and other citizens of that town,.' asking for subscriptions to a monument to a distinguished Irish patriot, Samuel Neilson, ; who lies buried in that town : ' Who fears fco speak of '98 ? Who blushes at the name ? When cowards mock the patriot's fate, Who hangs his head for ahame ?' The city of Poughkeepsie preserves in her bosom the dust of Samuel Neilson, editor of the Belfast Northern Star, the origin of the United Irishmen He died in exile in 1803, and the little village on the banks of tl.© Hudson which gave the persecuted patriot hospitality, now grown to municipal impor tance, considers herself happy in the posses sion of his ashes and honoured by her asso ciation with his name. A single slab in an obscure corner of the old English burying grouud marks the place of his repose whose ' life and fortune and sacred honour ' were sacrificed to his country, and whose fame is inseparably connected with one of the inoit glorious periods in her history. Samuel Neilsou was the son of a Presby terian minister, and was born m the county of Down, Ireland, in the year 1761. He was liberally educated, married early in life, and entered on a successful business cai'eer in Belfast. Inspired by the echoes from America, he joined Grattan's Volunteers of '82, and, impatient of the exclusion of Catho lics from the liberties he himself enjoyed, was one of the chief movers iu the establish ment of the Society of United Irishmen, an association composed chiefly of men of the cities, whose object it was to secure equal rights for all, without distinction of class ov creed, and who set themselves up like a stone wall between the recreant, bigoted nobles, and the down- trodden Catholic peasantry. John Savage, in his '98 and '48, says that ' Neilson is generally looked upon as the originator of the society of United Irishmen, and was one of the most active, sincere, and undeviating of its leaders. Wolfe Tone speaks of him as distinguishhd for virtues, talent, and patriotism.' At the Dungannon Convention called in furtherance of his object, in 1793, Neilson presided and said : ' We will revive the great principle of the Irish Volunteers, and! engraft on all reform and parliamentary independence Catholic Emancipation, for it is unjust in the sight of heaven to exclude Catholics from the claims put forth by Pkk testants.' In July, 1792, with several otheys. who. showed their sincerity by contributing £250 apiece, he founded the Northern Star, and: was unanimously chosen Editor-in-chief. The other principal contributors were Simpson, Russell, Porter, Kelburn, and: Dickson, three of whom were Presbyterian ministers, and all of whom suffered death or exile in the issue. The paper obtained a. great circulation, chietly through the untir ing energy of Neilson, who in 179-i became its sole proprietor, a position of essential im portance to the cause, but of the- greatest danger and pecuniary damage, on acoount of the constant prosecutions wherewith its hold, intelligent, and effective appeals were visited by the Government. ' The Northern Star.' says Dr. Madden, in his ' Lives and Times of the United Irishmen,' ' was conducted by nvy friend Samuel JMeilson, and it could not be delivered into abler hands. It is, in truth, a most incomparable paper, and was one great means of effectually accomplishing the union of the two great sects by the simple process of making their mutual senti ments better known to each other.' 1794 the paper was prosecuted for publish ing the address o£ the United Irishmen to the people of Ireland, from which we select this passage : — ' We address your misunder standings, the common sense of the common weal, and we ask you is it not truth that where people do not participate in the legis lature by a delegation of representatives freely, fairly, and frequently elected, there can be no public liberty F Is it not the fact that in this country there is no representative legislature, because the people are not repre sented in the legislature and have no part nership in the Constitution? If it be the principle of the Constitution that it is the right of every commoner in this realm to have a vote in the election of his representa tive, and that without such vote no man can be actually represented, it is our wish in that case to renovate that Constitution, and revive its suspended animation by giving free mo tion and full play to its vital principle. If, on the other hand, the Constitution does not fully provide for an imparhil and adequate representation of all the people, if it be more exclusive than inclusive in its nature, if it be a monopoly, a privilege or a prerogative, in that case it is our desire to alter ifc ; for what is the Constitution to us, if we are nothing to the Constitution ? Is the Constitution made for you, or you for it ? If the people -don't constitute a part of it, what is it to ithem more than the ghost of Alfred, and what are principles without practice, which (they hear and read, to practice without prin ciples, which they see and feel ? The office of the Northern Star was sacked in 1796, and £ha paper being finally sup pressed in 1797, JNeilson, who had lost his fortune and passed a year in prison, imme diately on his release became as ardent in action as he had been zealous in teaching. In his attempt to force the gaol where Lord Edward Fitzgerald was confined, he was eaptured after a short resistance. Being ar raigned for felony, and asked if he had counsel, he said : ' I have been robbed of everything. I have no money to fee counsel. J want no counsel. I scorn your power. It shall ever be my pride to have always op posed it.' He walked out of the dock, as Ourran saw him, ' loaded with chains .and uncertain as to his fate, but his mind was as firm and his spirits as buoyant as in the days of his prosperity.' The Government Bad hanged several priests and ministers, besides slaughtering numbers of the people for participation in the rising, and at length judged it impolitic to increase the number Of such martyrs, sp Nelson, who rejected the overtures and bribes of the Crown, was imprisoned for two years at Fort George, in Scotland, where, however, he enjoyed the consolation of educating his con ; and finally, with his companions in suffering, Thomas Addis Emmet and Dr. M'lSTevin, was con demned to exile. ±ney came to rue nappy shores of America, where the two latter reached high fame and fortune in _ their respective professions of law and medicines. Two magnificent nonuments in St. Paul's Churchyard, Broadway, tell of the esteem in which New York held Emmet and M'Nevin. jNeilson, broken down in fortune and in health, did not have a like opportunity to display his splendid ability, and sealed his love of country and universal liberty by his death in exile at Poughkeepsie, in 1803, two years after his landing in the United gtatec. ? Upon the ohores or distant lands His -weary heart lie kid ; And by the stranger's kindly hands His lonely grave was made. The Neilson Monument Association has been established with the object of erecting a suitable memorial over the _ grave of the noble patriot. 'We, its original^ members, citizens of Poughkeepsie, feel privileged in claiming as our own a city distinguished above all the cities of the Union, except New York, by being the hirst resting-place of one 6f the men of '98. And even were we to tally ignorant of the detailed histovy of the individual's life, of his reputation for Chris tian virtue, for firmness, manliness, and 'eneroGity ; of his character as a husband, a father, and a friend, yi-t it was enough for us thafc he ahone among the leaders in that glorious liberty. All, all are gone, but still lives oh, The fame of those who died ; .All true men like you, men, Remember them with pride! For the information, however, of our fellow-citizens who are not so well acquainted with Irish history, we pi-esent the above sketch of his life and labours, and we invite all lovers of freedom, all admirers of patriot ism, men or every religious creed, but Catholics in particular, to aid us in the work /-£' perpetuating his memory here, on the i'.pot of his sad and lonely but glorious ileath. The day will come when Ireland will send to every part of the earth, and bring home in triumph the bones of her exiled martyrs. We desire that; the future messengers may see that we are not unworthy of being the temporary guardians of one oi: them, that we were not careless of the honourable charge. We desire that our children may learn history and imbibe sentiments of honour, courage, and patriotism. On looking on the monument of the brave that the Press may be reminded of its mission and the shade of the great Editor's name, that the beholders may learn respect for those principles for which we lived and fought and died. 'There shall (he Press the People's rights main tain, Una wed by influence and unbribed by gain ; There patriot Truth her glorious precept draw — Pledged to Religion, Liberty, and Law.' We have already madn a good beginning amongst ourselves, but feel that the object is one which must excite general interest, and respectfully solicit subscriptions in its aid. These may be sent to any of the following committee and will be promptly acknow ledged and respectfully submitted. Edward M'Sweeney, James Nilan, Rev. Edward M'Sweeny, Pres., Chas. Cooke, Sec, James Mullin, Treas., Rev. Jas. Nilan, Rev. P. Ahem, L. B. Sackett, John I. Platt, E. B. Osborne, T. G. Nichols. 