the cloy ex foot Acthqb of XADr. Audlet's Secbet, S &c.;, &.C. j fjiptes XXVI.— fcV Disinterested Pare.st. j "i. person has called to see you, ma am. ! He to apologise for coming so late, but lie ; Us travelled a long way, and will be very jhtnfcful if you can see him." This is what the butler had whispered in lire. Treverton's ear, handing lier at the same time a card on which was a name written— " Colonel Mansfield." > jjht of this name Laura rose, whispered let excuses to Mrs. Clare, and glided quietly I from the room. | "Where have you left this gentleman?' she asked the butler. ' I left him in the hall, ma'am. I did not feel sure yon would see him." " He is related to my family," said Laura, filtering a little ; " I cannot refuse to see Igin.'' This brief conversation occurred in the cor ridor leading from the servants' hall to the faint of the house. A tall man, wrapped in a loose, rough greatcoat, was standing just in side the hall door, while Trimmer's subor dicate, a rustic youth in a dark brown lively, stood at ease near the fireplace, evidently placed there to protect the mansion from any evil designs on the part of the stranger. Laura went to him and gave him her hand, without a word. Sire was very pale, and it wcs evident the visitor was as unwelcome as fce was unexpected. " Tou had better come to my study," she said. " There is a good fire there. Trimmer, take candles to the study, and some wine." " I'd rather have brandy," said the stranger. "I am chilled to Hie bone. An eight hours' journey in a cattle truck is enough to freeze the youngest blood. For a man of my age, md with chronic neuralgia, 'it means mar tyrdom." " I am very sorry," murmured Laura, with a look in which compassion struggled against disgnst. "Come this way. We can talk quietly in my room." She went upstairs, the stranger following dose at her heels, to the gallery out of which Julin Treverton's study, whjch was also her own favorite sitting room, opened. It was the room where she and her husband had met for tlie first time, two years ago, on just such a nieht as this. It adjoined the bedroom where John Treverton was now lying. She had no desire that he should he a witness to her interview with this visitor of to- night ; but she had a sense of protection in the know ledge that lier husband would be within call. Hitherto, on the rare occasions when she had been constrained tn meet this man, she had confronted liun alone, defenceless ; and she had never felt her loneliness 60 keenly as at those times. " I ought to have told John the whole truth," the said to herself ; " but how could I — how could I bear to acknowledge — " She glanced backward, with a suppressed thudder, at the man following her.. Tliey were at the door of the study by this time. Bhe opened it, .and lie went in after her and ihut the door behind liim. A fire was burning cheerily on the pretty, bright-looking hearth, antique in its quaint ornamentation, modern in the artistic beauty of its painted tiles and low brass fender. There were candles on the mantelpiece and on the table, where an old-fashioned spirit bottle on a silver tray cheered the soul of the way farer. He filled a glass of brandy and drained ft without a word. He gave a deep sigh of contentment or re- Ecf as he set down the glass. " That's a little hit better," he said, and then he threw off his overcoat and scarf, and planted liimself with his back to the fire, and the face which he turned to the light was the face of Mr. Hesrolles. The man had aged within the lost six months. Every line in his face had deepened. His cheeks were hollow, his eye3 haggard and tloodshot. The sands of life run fast for a man whose chief nourishment is brandy. ' "Well," he exclaimed, in a hard husky voice. " Tou do not welcome me very warmly, jny child." " I did not expect you." " The surprise should be all the pleasanter. ficture to yourself now our meeting, as it would be represented in a novel or a stase play. Y ou would tlirovv your arms wide apart, shriek and rush to iny breast. Ho yon re member Julia in the Hunchback ? With what 8 yell of rapture she flings herself into Master Walter's arms." "Do you remember what Master Walter bad been to Julia ?' asked Laura, looking steadily into the haggard eyek, which shifted their gaze as she looked. " Real life is flat and tame compared with a Stage play," said Hesrolles. "For my part I Uu heartily sick of it." " I am sorry to see you looking so ill." " I am a perambulating bundle of aches. There is not a muscle in my body that hus not Its particular pain." " Can you find no relief for this complaint ? Are there not baths in Germany that might cure you ?' "I understand," interrupted Desrolles. "You Would he glad to get me out of the way." " I should be glad to lessen your sufferinn-. When I last wrote to you I sent you a much ' larger remittance than I had ever done be fore, and I told you that 1 should allow you six hundred a year, to he paid quarterly. I' thought that would be enough for all your re quirements. I am grieved to hear that you have been obliged to ride in a third-class car riage in cold weather." " I have been unlucky," answered Hesrolles. 11 1 have been in Paris a pleasant city, but peopled with knaves. I fell among thieves, aad got cleaned out. You must give me fifty or a hundred to-night, and you must not de duct it from your next quarterly payment. You are now a lady of fortune, and could , afford to do tliree times as much as you are doing for me. Why did you not tell me Vou were married 1 Pretty treatment that from a daughter." Father," exclaimed Laura, looking at him with the some calm gaze which his shifting eyes had refused to meet just now, " Ho you want me to tell you the truth ?' "Of course. Whatever else do you sup pose I waut ?' Even if it seems hard and cruel, as the truth often is ?' Speak away, girl. My poor old bones have been too long battered about In this World for hard words to break them." Huw can you ask me for a daughter's dutiful love?' asked Laura, in low earnest tones. " How can you expect it from me ? W nat of a father's affection or a father's care have you ever given me? What do I know of pour life except fraud and mystery ? Have you ever approached me except in secret and 83 an applicant for money ?' It's a true bill," ejaculated Hesrolles, with I laugh that ended in a groan. J was a little motherless child you gave me to t&e; one true friend of your youth. Be took me as his adopted daughter, leaving f" dying, mi ha supposed, Years passed, and you let him believe you dead. For ten years you made no sign. Your daughter, your only child, was being reared in a sti anger's house, td you did not trouble yourself to make one i Inquiry about her welfare." "Not directly. How do you know what Erasures I may have taken to get information indirectly, without compromising your future. It was for your advantage that I kept myself dark, Laura ; that I let my old friend believe Ee dead. Aa his adopted daughter your pros- parity wa3 assured. What would your life tawe been with me ? To save you I lent myself to a lie." 'I am sony for it," said Laura, coldly. i b? spschti amogeme rit with the author. U1 nynU reserved. " In my mind all Ilea are hatefoL I cannot conceive that good can ever come of them." " In tkia case good has come of my innocent deception. You are mistress of a fine estate, wife of a husband whom, aa I hear, you love." 44 With rtll my heart and soul." " Is it tx/o much to ak for a ray of your sun shine — a little benefit from your large wealth ?" " I will do anything in reason." answered I.aura, " but not even for my own father — had you been all that a father should be to hi child — would T Puffer Jasper Treverton's wealth to be turned to evil uses. You told me that you stood alone in the world, with no one depen dent on you. Surely six hundred a year is an income that should enable you to live in com fort and respectability." "It will, when I have got myself clear of past liabilities. Remember that until six mouths ago the help you gAve me amounted only to a hundred a year, except when I ap pealed to yon, under the pressure of circum stances, for an extra trifle, A hundred a year in London, to a man in bad health, hardly served to keep the wolf from the door. I hud debts to pay. I have been unfortunate iu a speculation that promised well." " In future you will Lave no occasion to speculate." " True," said Desrolles, with a sigh, as he filled himself another glass of brandy. Laura watched him with a face full of pain Was this a father she could acknowledge to the husband phe loved? Only with deepest shame could she confess her close kindred with a creature so sunk in degradation. Desrolles drank the brandy at a gulp, and then tiung himself into the chair by the hearth. " And pray how Joug have you been mar ried," he asked. Laura's face crimsoned at the question. It was just the one inquiry calculated to give her acutest paiu ; for it recalled all that was pain ful in the circumstances of her marriage. " We were married ou the last day of the last year," she said. " You have been a year married, and I only learn the fact to-night from the village gossips, at the inn where I stopped to eat a crust of bread aud cheese on my way here." " You might have seen the announcement in the Time a" " I might, but did nbt. Well, I suppose I surrendered a father's rights when I gave my child to another man's keeping ; but it seem3 hard." " Why pain yourself aud me with useless reproaches? I am prepared to do all that duty can dictate. I am deeply anxious that your future life should be comfortable and respected. Tell me where you intend to live, and bow I cau best assure your happiness." " Happiness !" cried Desrolles, with a deri sive shrug. " I have never known that since I was five and twenty. Where am I going to live, do you ask ? Who knows ? Not 1, you may be sure. I am a wanderer by habit and inclination. Do you think I am going to shut myself in a speculative builder's brick and mortar box — a semi-detached villa in Camden Town or Islington — and live the monotonous life of a respectable annuitant? That kind of hibernation may suit a retired tradesman, who has spent three-fourths of his life behind the same counter. It would be living death to a man with a mind — a man who has travelled and lived among his fellow-men. No, my dear ; you must not attempt to limit my movements by the inch measure of middle- class respectability. Give me my pittance unfettered by conditions of any kind. Let me receive it quarterly from your Lon don agent, and, since you repudiate my claim to your affection, I pledge myself never again to trouble you with my presence after to night. "I do not ask that," said Laura, thought fully, "It is only right that, we should see each other sometimes. By the deception which you practised upon iny benefactor you have made it impossible that I should over own you as my father before the world. Everybody in Ilazelkurst believes that my father died when Jasper Treverton adopted ine. But, to my husband, at least, I can own the truth. I have shrunk from doing so hitherto, but to-night, while we have been sitting here, I have been thinking that I have acted weakly and foolishly. John Treverton will respect your secret for my soke, aud he ought to know it." " Stop," cried Desrolles, starting to his feet, and speaking, in a louder tone than he had used hitherto, " I forbid you to breathe a word of me or my business to your husband. When I revealed myself to you I pledged you to secrecy, I insist He stopped and stood facing the door-way betweeu the two rooms, staring aghast, horror- stricken, as if he had seen a ghost. " Great heaven !" he exclaimed, " what brings you here ? 4 John Treverton stood in the open- doorway, a tall, dark figure, iu a long, velvet dressing gown. Laura Hew to his side. " Dearest, why did you get up f ' she cried. " How imprudent of you." " I heard a voice raised as if threateningly. What has brought this man here — with you ? " u He is the relation about whom you once questioned me, John," Laura answered, falter- ingly.' "You have not forgotten." " This man related to you ? " cried Trever- ton. "This man?" "Yes. You know each other." . " We have met before," answered Treverton, who had. never taken his eyes from the other man's face. " We met last under very painful circumstances. It is a surprise to find a rela tion of yours in Mr. " Mansfield," interrupted Desrolles. " I have changed the name of Malcolm for Mans field — a name in my mother's family — for Laura's sake. It might be disadvantageous for her to own kindled with a man whom the world has played football with for the last ten years." Desrolles had grown ashy pale, since the entrance of Laura's husband, and the hand with which he poured out Ids third glass of brandy sbook like a leaf. " Highly considerate on your part, Mr. Mansfield," replied John Treverton. " May I ask for what reason you have favored my wife with this late visit ?" " The usual motive that brings a poor rela tion to a rich man's house. I want money, aud Laura can afford to give it. Why beat about the bush ?" " Why, indeed. Plain dealing will be best in this case. I tliiuk, as It is a simple matter of business, you had better let me arrange it with yon. Laura, will yon leave your kins man's claims for me to settle ? You may trust me to take.a liberal view of his position." - " I will trust you, dearest, now and al ways," answered his wife, giving him her hand, and then she went to Desrolles, and offered him the same frank hand, looking at him with tender earnestness. " Good night," she said, " and good-bye. I beg you to trust my husband, as I trust him. Believe me, it will be the best for all.of us. He will be aa ready to recognise your claim as I am, if you will only confide in him. If I have trusted him with my life, cannot you trust liim with your secret ?" " Good night," said Desrolles, curtly. " I haven't got over my astonishment yet." " At what ?" " At finding you married." " Good night," she said again, on the threshold of the door, and then she came to tell her husband not to fatigue or excite him self. " I can only give you a quarter of an hour," she said to Desrolles. " Pray remember that my husband is an invalid, and ought to be in bed." 44 Go to your children, dearest," said Trever ton, smiling at her anxiety, "I shall be careful." A moke named Serafino, at Alcaxno, in. Italy, who made » trade of predicting winning lottery numbers, has been murdered by two disappointed clients. They have been ar rested. 