The Brisbane Courier. PUBLISHED DAILY. Wednesday, May 7, 1879. THE New South Wales loan of over three millions has been subscribed at and over 98, whilst ours, bearing the same inter- est, went for 89 only a few weeks before. Some persons will jump to the conclusion that we fixed too low a minimum on our debentures, and no doubt an attempt will be made to show that our stock was depreciated in value by the low price asked for it. We are not at all sure that that is the case, however. The New South Wales loan has in the short time since the allotment been already quoted at a premium of 1 per cent, whilst our debentures by last advices were not above 94\. It would therefore seem that in the opinion of investors there is at least 7 per cent difference in value between our bonds and those of New South Wales. This is not flattering to us, and there is perhaps no real foundation for the belief on which it is founded. There was a difference of 9 per cent be- tween the price our loan fetched and that obtained by Now South Wales, but it ap- pears that the difference in the market value of the two stocks is fixed by the public at 7 percent, and the other 2 per cent was gained by New South Wales owing to the rise which had taken place in the money market in the interval be- tween the placing of the two loans. There is, therefore, no reason to believe that at the time when our loan was subscribed it would have been possible by any manage- ment to obtain a higher price than that we received. No doubt at the present time we might borrow on easier terms, and the success of the New South Wales loan affording con- vincing proof that money is to be ob- tained by the colonies on easy terms, may lead our Ministry to reconsider the de- sirability of taking another loan this year —if, indeed, they had not previously de- termined on doing so. If the turn in the money market should enable Mr. McIlwraith to carry out the policy which he advocated last year when he moved for a loan of three millions, it will have come in a very fortunate time for the future prospects of this colony. Of course there are two ways of looking at this matter. It may be argued that English capitalists having within the last three months advanced £7,500,000 to Victoria, New South Wales, and Queens- land, will not feel disposed to increase the indebtedness of these colonies at the pre- sent time, and it will be remembered that it was a condition of the loan of £3,000,000 to Victoria that the balance of the loan, amounting to £2,000,000, should be held back for two years. On the other hand it will be claimed that the ease with which the colonies have obtained this large sum of £7,500,000 shows that English capi- talists are beginning to give a preference to the colonies as a field for the invest- ment of England's surplus capital, and that very much larger sums may therefore be raised if we are prepared to pay the interest on them. There is good reason to believe that this is at all events partially true, that England having lost enormously by loans to foreign insolvent States will decline to continue lending to them, and will consequently have a difficulty in finding an approved outlet for her accumulating capital except in the British colonies. There is no doubt either that large investments may be safely made in Australian securities. We have land in unlimited quantity, and only the capital is wanting to render it productive. England has the idle capital, and by lend- ing it to us may not only obtain the cer- tainty of a fair interest, but may increase her Australian trade, relieve her over- crowded population, and obtain fresh supplies of produce for her markets and manufactories at tho same time. The indirect may be even greater than the direct profit of such an investment, and those men who can bring together the surplus capital of England and the waste lands of Australia will perform a service to both countries. The moment is indeed most favorable for the development of any scheme which our Treasurer may have formed for this purpose, and we trust that it may not be lost. Apart from the encouragement which the high price of Australian loans must give to our financiers, there are other rea- sons why the floating of the New South Wales loan at the present moment will benefit the colonies. The financial crisis which has prevailed through the whole of Australia for the last eighteen months has been due almost entirely to the business rela- tions subsisting between the Government of New South Wales and the Colonial Banks. The banks had unwisely under- taken to find several millions for the pur- chase of land from the Government. It was expected that the surplus thus accumu- lated would have been allowed to lie at interest with the banks, who would simply charge interest to the clients for whom they had undertaken the obligation, and pay a lower rate to the Government for the deposit. When the Government, however, commenced to draw on these deposits for the purpose of carrying on railway works, &c.;, the banks had to find the money, and consequently several millions had to be called in and withdrawn from the ordi- nary business of the country, and this at a time when a continuance of unfavor- able seasons had made it extremely diffi- cult for men in business to meet their ordinary obligations. Most of our bank- ing institutions in this colony being subordinate to the Sydney branches, the capital which under ordinary circumstances would have maintained our trade was drawn away to satisfy the demands of the New South Wales Government. As that Government has still a credit of £2,500,000 in the Sydney banks, and as only £750,000 of the Vic- torian loan will find its way to Australia, the whole of the money that Queensland and Victoria have bor- rowed would have bean drained off to Sydney, and the banks would still have had to squeeze another million out of the people of Australia to pay the Govern- ment cheques. Luckily for us this has been stopped by the floating of the New South Wales loan for £3,249,000. No further demands will at present be made upon the banks by the Government of that colony, and we may reasonably hope that the screw which has been put on in Queensland by the Sydney banks will be immediately relaxed. WE understand that at a Cabinet council held yesterday, it waa determined to wire to the Agent-General, London, instructing him to ad- vertise for tenders for two monthly mail services to run alternately, or for one fortnightly ser- vice between Brisbane and Singapore via Torrea Straits, at speeds of 9, 10, and 10½ knots per hour. This course has been adopted in conse- quence of the Imperial Government having en- gaged to carry mails fortnightly between Singa- pore and England under their new contract with the P. and O. Company. The Victorian Govern- ment have entered into a contract for a fort- nightly mail service at a cost less than is paid for their present monthly service, and if the sum demanded for a fortnightly service between Singapore and Brisbane be not excessive, it might be found advantageous to the colony to incur some additional expense to procure it, but it seems to us doubtful that any advantage will be derived. The new contract entered into by the Victorian Government with the P. and O. Com- pany is for a fortnightly 11-knot service, which will probably render the present Torres Straits and San Francisco routes of little use for mail communication. IN the Nineteenth Century for March there is an exceedingly able article by Sir Wilfrid Lawson, entitled " The Drink Difficulty." In his usual clear and straightforward manner, he argues on behalf of counties and cities having the freedom or local option of deciding whether or no they wish. to have a licensed traffic in liquor carried on within their boundaries. If Sir Wilfrid Law- son walked down Queen-street, and saw the overwhelming number of unnecessary public- houses that are licensed in Brisbane, he would cer- tainly have another strong argument in his favor as to whether communities should not have this right of deciding for themselves the question of the need of them. At present nearly every third or fourth house in one part of Queen-street is a public-house. Sir Wilfrid winds up with the following graphic illustration :—" It was at a meeting in one of our northern counties. It was a species of temperance meeting. Three excel- lent clergymen spoke. They harped on the elasticand difficult word 'moderation,' condemn- ing intemperance, but setting up Timothy as their model man morally and constitutionally, lauding and magnifying sobriety, but com- mending the temperate consumption of alcohol. When they had concluded, an elderly farmer rose and said : ' I've heard that kind of talk for the last forty years, and I can't see that the people are a bit more sober now than when it commenced. It reminds me of what I once saw take place at a retreat for im- beciles. It is the custom there, after the patients have been in residence for a certain time, to put them to a kind of test to see whether they are fit to leave the asylum or not. They are taken to a trough full of water, with a small pipe continually running into it, and supplying it. They are given a ladle and told to empty it. Those who have not regained their senses keep ladling away, while the water flows in as fast as they ladle out, but them as isn't idiots stop the tap.' " THE local papers in some of the northern towns are agitating for a pay and receiving office in each district. It is complained that months frequently elapse before vouchers for- warded to Brisbane are paid. At Charters Towers both the Miner and Herald publish the following :—" Notice to the Government.—No Government advertisements will be inserted in this journal, or any Government printing be done, unless provision is made for the payment of vouchers on Charters Towers." The Towns- ville Herald approves the stand taken by the Towers Press against the Government system of payment, and the Miner, adverting to the approval, says :—" We do not refuse to insert Government advertisements until they have had due notice, and have had time to digest the proposal. Any sudden stoppage would be a public inconvenience which we have no desire to cause. If the Go- vernment, after due notice, refuse our very reasonable request, they must take the responsi- bility." The Cooktown Courier also protests against the present system, and asks why cannot the Custom-house there be made a pay end re- ceiving office. THE Toowoomba Chronicle states that the hon. J. P. Bell has scratched all his horses that were engaged at the coming Toowoomba race meeting. A MEETING of those interested in the celebra- tion of the centenary of the poet Tom Moore will be held in the Australian office, Ann-street, at 8 o'clock this evening. THE highest tender for the lease of the railway refreshment-room, Toowoomba—that of R. Gibson, £260—has been accepted by the Govern- ment. ON and after Monday next Ipswich will be able to boast the possession of a daily paper, the pro- prietor of the Observer having announced the publication of that journal every evening at the price of one penny. THE Lady Superintendent of the Convalescent and Benevolent Home, Gregory- terrace, deaires to acknowledge the receipt of a package of " good things" from the refreshment table at the ball held in the Town Hall on Thursday last. The inmatea most heartily enjoyed them. " Cabltos's Ghost" entertainment will open at the old School of Arts this evening. The weather for the twenty-four hours ended 9 a.m. yesterday was generally throughout the colony fine, cold, and calm. At Clermont and Ravenswood it was frosty ; Gayndah was the only station that reported " dull." At Sydney it waa fine, with 80uth-weat wind, and at Mel- bourne hazy, with ea3t wind. The report of the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum for the week ended May 4 shows that at the commencement of that period the number of inmates was-235 male3 and 181 females ; as there have aince been neither admissions, deaths, nor discharges, the numbera remain unchanged. There are 50 males in the Ipswich branch asylum. A CHANGE in suburban letter delivery came into operation on May 2. The second or after- noon delivery in the outlying districts of Spring Hill, Fortitude Valley, and South Brisbane, waa discontinued, and a delivery once a day was ex- tended to Stratton, Teneriffe, Bowen Hills, The Oval, Paddington, West End (South Brisbane), and the Boggo and Ipswich roads. THE usual monthly committee meeting of the Albert Cricket Club was held at Mr. Prentice's, Edward-street, last evening. There was a full attendance, and Mr. J. C. Beal occupied the chair. After the correspondence had been read, the team, whose names appear in another column, was chosen to represent the Alberta in the cup match against the Miltons, at the Hamilton, on next Saturday. Messrs. G. and A. Down were appointed as um- pire and scorer respectively. Messrs. J. C. Beal, L. G. Dixon, and S. J. Byrne were appointed a sub- committee to carry out the necessary arrange- ments in connection with the above match. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. THE annual meeting of the Queensland Accli- matisation Society was held yesterday afternoon at the chambers of the National Association, Queen-street, when the chair was taken by Mr. L. A. Bernays, the vice-president. The annual report and balance-sheet were presented, and the chairman—in moving the adoption of the report —delivered an address, in which he congratulated members upon the continued success of the society, and proceeded to advert to the various points contained in the report, giving a good deal of interesting information in regard to the working of the institution. Want of space pre- vents our publishing either the report itself or Mr. Bernays' remarks, this morning ; but we purpose to give both in our issue of Saturday next. After the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, the only other business waa the election of members of the council in the room of Messrs. T. H. Barron, D. C. McConnel, P. R. Gordon, Gresley Lukin, and W. A. Tully, who retired by rotation. Those elected to fill their places were Messrs. E. W. Walker, W. Brookes, R. R. Smellie, Dr. Andrews, and the hon. F. C. Heussler, M.L.C. Messrs. R. W. Curtis and John Guthrie were re-elected auditors. A PUBLIC meeting of the inhabitants of Spring Hill was held last evening, at Power's Apothe- caries' Hall, for the promotion of the Brisbane Catholic schools movement. Bishop O'Quinn occupied the chair, and the Rev. Fathers Ahearn and O'Connell were present. It was explained by the chairman that the present agitation was to provide pure Catholic education for their children, together with a secular education equal to that given in any other schools of the colony ; and that not only waa primary education the object in view, but the higher or secondary edu- cation would he secured. The Church had the teaching material, the people had the children; and all that they required was school accommodation. Now that the State aid at present received was about to be withdrawn, it was their bounden duty to show that they never had greater strength to give effect to their own conscientious convictious than when what they had a right to, and their claim to which was not waived, was withheld from them. Mr. Lawrence Cusack moved a resolution pledging the meeting to support the movement, and he headed a subscription thereupon opened with a donation of £10 10s., and pledged himself to contribute 10s. monthly to the general fund. Mr. A. O'Keefe followed with a donation of £5 5s. and a like weekly subscription, and he nominated a sub-committee to represent this division of the city on the general committee, as follows :—Messrs. L. Cusack, M'Guire, Power, and Butler. Several other donations were given, amounting to a total of £27 5s., besides weekly contributions. Mr. J. B. Hickey made a very interesting statement of the progress of a similar movement to this in Victoria. A vote of thanks to Biship O'Quinn and to Mr. Power closed the proceedings. AT the monthly sittings of the Supreme Court yesterday, before their Honors the Acting Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Lilley, a motion was made in the case of Macdonald v. Tully for leave to enter judgment for the plaintiff. The case was tried at the last sittings of the Circuit Court, at Rockhampton, before his Honor Mr. Justice Sheppard. A number of questions were submitted to the jury, and to these they returned answers which, it was now submitted, were all in favor of the plaintiff, and assessed the damages at £19,700, including interest. The Judge at the trial did not enter judgment upon the findings of the jury, but gave either party leave to move for judg- ment before the Full Court upon the facts found by the jury, the present motion being the result. The argument in support of the motion occupied the court during the whole of the day, and coun- sel on behalf of the defendant will be heard this morning. Mr. Pring, Q.C., who appeared for the Crown, intimated that it was his intention to move for a new trial in the case, and obtained leave to do so when the motion now pending is disposed of. It will also be remembered that a demurrer was argued in the same case some time before it was tried, when judgment was reserved until after the hearing. The court yes- day stated that they had not yet had time to decide upon this judgment. THE Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, which commence on Monday next before his Honor the Acting Chief Justice, will be held in the new Law Courts, on the North Quay. It is expected that the offices connected with the court will be removed to the new premises very shortly, after which the whole of the Supreme Court business will be conducted in that build- ing. At present a good deal of inconvenience is caused by the two places being used, and it is to be hoped the removal of the offices will not be delayed any longer than can be helped. THE second sederunt of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland was held in the Wickham-terrace Church yesterday. At 12 o'clock noon there was a diet for worship, and at 2 p.m. the assembly was constituted for business, under the presidency of the Moderator, the Rev. Alexander Dandie. The chief business concluded yesterday consisted of overtures from the several presbyteries anent matters in con- nection with the work of the Church. In the afternoon a sustentation fund was created, and in the evening the matters in relation to the un- happy difference between three of the ministers were considered and disposed of. It was also decided to establish a distinctive religious periodical in connection with the Pres- byterian Church. In the evening the church was crowded with a most attentive audience. The members of the Assembly took a warm interest in the discussions, and appeared to be animated by a spirit of conciliation and kindness, so much so that at one time the moderator left the chair in order that he might address the Assembly. The sittings will be re- sumed at 11 o'clock this morning. OUR Cairns correspondent, under date April 26, writes :—"The Government road over the range has stood the heavy fall of rain much better than was expected. Mr. Wright took 700 of his cattle over last week. These cattle are now de- pasturing on the Emerald End run. About half a ton of tin was brought down from the mines this week. There is a good deal of tin ready to come down when the roads are sounder. Messrs. Atherton and party have let 50 acres of their land on tribute at £14 per ton, and all the rest of their selections to a Chinese firm, who agree to raise the tin and pay £14 per ton for it. The Fiddler's Gully Company are raising ore still. Four men raise 30cwt. per week. Assayed in Sydney 74 per cent. From Tinaroo to Wright's landing on the head of the Inlet, there is a good pack track. The distance is twenty-six miles, and there is a splendid camp for horse feed and water at each end. A receiving store is about to be erected at Wright's Landing, from which lighters can receive the tin and place it alongside steamers at a low figure, The Tambaroora sailed from here last night for Melbourne, with 114,000ft. cedar ; she loaded at the wharf in five days. The Bowen's steam launch left here this morning in charge of Mr. Petersen, to recover logs washed out of the Mulgrave during the late flood. The principal local topic of conversation is the action that the Minister for Works has taken in having the new post and telegraph offices erected in Port Douglas instead of here, for which place the contracts were accepted. The erection of expensive Government offices could not possibly do any real good to Cairns, and the expenditure on each would operate prejudicially when we ask for a few hundreds to be spent on our road to the mines." " CIVILISE him first and Christianise him after- wards," or, " Christianise him first and civilise him afterwards,"—may be looked upon as the two rival theories of what ought to be our atti- tude toward the aboriginal savage. We are afraid neither theory has hitherto met with any great success. Those savages whose first ac- quaintance with the white man has been in his purely secular capacity have generally been at once captivated with precisely those aspects of civilisation which quite unfit them for subse- quent missionary operation ; while those whose first experience of culture has been derived through what is emblematised by the " white- choker " degenerate as a rule into the type that hangs about your verandah, offering to repeat the Lord's Prayer for " tikpence." As there is a positive necessity for dealing with the noble aborignal in some way or other, it says very little for our inventive talent that hitherto only these two methods have been suggested. We have long been desirous to put forth something purely original (or aboriginal) on this subject, but unfortunately the idea that we would no doubt have arrived at sometime or other has already not only been suggested but put in practice. Still we claim the credit of first seizing on its full worth, and of spotting, in that which newspaper readers regard as simply an entertaining item, the indication of what is now called in literary slang "a new de- parture." Not to beat about the bush (although that is the very way to " catch your nigger," which is the indispensable preliminary), the idea is— secure your niggers in elevens, deliver them over to Catholic priests to be trained in church music, and when thoroughly proficient in Mozart, Cheru- bini, Rossini, Etceterini, let them be promoted to cricket. And the thing is done. Form them first into a choir, then into a team, and regenera- tion is complete. All who read our " Cricket " column will recognise that we are referring to what has already been done in Western Aus- tralia, and with the happiest results. Some, of course, might say that the church music was only an accident in the case, but we are persuaded that it is just the preliminary train- ing in church music that enables the West Aus- tralian eleven to act so beautifully in concert. Every thoughtful person will see that the two pursuits are really akin. Without pausing to show such petty points of coincidence as " long stop " and semibreve rest, it is enough to state generally that singing and playing are sister accom- plishments. No, no ; it wouldn't do to leave out the music. It is an integral part of the curricu- lum ; and if we had the carrying out of the system we would even insist that these chorister- teamsters should play in their surplices. This would at once raise them to a level with the only niggers who are capable of entirely throwing off the Ethiopian—the immortal Christies.—" Spe- cialities," in the Queenslander. SPEAKING of the Peak Downs copper mine, the Telegram, says :—" We hear that a special meet- ing of the directors was called upon receipt of the Rockhampton telegrams, and Mr. Christoe is now preparing to take over the mine and set men to work. He has completed the purchase of the Drummond ores, which comprise over 360 tons of good percentage ores, and these are being got together and dressed preparatory to delivery. Steps are also being taken to get in firewood, and as soon as there is sufficient on hand some of the furnaces will be lighted and the Drummond ores smelted. Meanwhile pitches will be let and tributors set to work in various parts of the mine so that smelting operations, once begun, will probably be continued without interruption. With grass plentiful and corn fabulously low, plenty of wood should be ob- tained at a cheap rate. Mr. Christoe commences operations under exceptional difficulties, owing to the dispersion of the men in search of em- ployment and the damage done to the mine ; but these obstacles will in time be removed if the bank advances on copper should prove suffi- cient." THE committee of the Central Downs Agricul- tural Association, at their meeting held on Tues- day last, determined to hold a ploughing match. This will be held at Clifton, not far from the railway station, on Thursday, the 3rd July next. The site chosen is, we (Examiner and Times) understand, a most suitable one, both for plough- ing and the convenience of those persons travelling by train to and from the match. The preliminaries have not yet all been arranged, but we believe the prizes will be liberal ones—suffi- ciently so, in fact, to make it worth the while of ploughmen from the various agricultural dis- tricts of this part of the colony entering for com- petition. THE Perth Inquirer, of April 9, states that Mr. Blackwood, of the firm of Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., Melbourne, now in Western Australia in connection with the winding-up of the contrac- tors' accounts on the Northern line at Champion Bay, has turned his attention to the establish- ment of a fishery station on the Abrolhos, 