p i w m a §ximiml 4 M & LOCAL COURTS. THIS DAY. ADELAIDE : THURSDAY. JANUABT9. [Before Messrs. H. E. Downer, SJff., T. S. Reed, J.P., and E. G. Moore, MJX, J.P.] FULL JURISDICTION. STODABB & FAIECLOUGH V. SMITH & STEWART. —£90, damages for breach of contract to convey plaintiffs and the members and plant of the Ghost Illusion Combination Variety Company from Beechport to Robe, on November 21, whereby they lost the steamer from Robe to Adelaide, and were forced to remain at Beechport ten days, and suffered great loss. Also £10 for money due in respect of the fares for the conveyance of the Company from Beechport to Robe on November 21 paid by plaintiffs to defendants. The defendants were mail coach proprietors on the line from Mount Gambier to Robe, and the plaintiffs with all their paraphernalia of the Company were on their way from Millicent to Robe. At Beachport they engaged a coach to take them on to Robe, and the agent of the defendants contracted by issuing printed tickets for £10 which the plaintiffs paid to him to convey the Company to Robe, whence the steamer was to sail for Adelaide on the following day. Yet when plaintiff Stodare had entered the couch, the driver refused to proceed until a sum of £3, which was owing by the plaintiffs to the defendants for carriage from Millicent to Beachport, was paid. Stodart had previously offered his cheque in payment of the debt, but it was not accepted. The agent at Beachport was instructed by the defendants not to convey the plaintiffs until the £3 was paid in cash. There was no telegraphic communication between Beachport and Robe, and the plaintiffs were at the mercy of the defendants. Defendants pleaded that it was a condition of the contract that the £3 should first be paid, and that sufficient notice was to be given to enable the defendants to provide ah additionrl contract, and that notice was not given. The Bench held that the defendants could not go behind their contract tickets and say they were issued on the abovementioned condition. A verdict was given for £27, the costs to be taxed on the higher scale by consent. [)r. Moore here left the Bench, and Mr. W. 2yte, J.P., took his place.] [Left Sitting.] POLICE COURTS. THIS DAY. ADELAIDE: THURSDAY, JANUARY 9. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] Elizabeth Lovmder and Jonathan Fricker were fined £2 for indecent language; and Fricker was also charged with assaulting Police-constable Loghlen and damaging his uniform when arresting him. The assault appeared to have been a serious one. Defendant was ordered to pay the damage, 25s., and was committed for trial on the assault. Andrew Murphy, a youth, was charged with disturbing the'peace by yelling and shouting, and it was stated that he among others paraded Currie-street creating a noise. Fined 40s. Matilda Willis, a young woman, was fined 20s, for drunkenness. Wm. McVikar, a bey, was charged as neglected child. Mr. Stock appeared and stated that bis client, Andrew. McVikar, the reputed father, denied the paternity. He had married the mother of the boy but the boy was illegitimate. Mr. Beddome said, "He became the father of the child bj marrying the mother, and is responsible." The parties were allowed to oonfer, and a settlement being. arrived at the boy was discharged. : Charles Vtrnon and Thomas Mdroncy were charged, on remand, with wilfnl damage, but the information was withdrawn and anothei* laid under the Criminal Law Consolidation Act; Mr. Kingston appeared for Maroney. The defendants were then charged with damaging nine plates, and other articles to the aggregate value of £5, the property of Anna Maria Thomt son on January 7- [Mr. J. D. Wiltshire, J.P., here toak a seat on the Bench.] Further evidence was called to the effect tha i Vernon, who is an old man, rejoicing in thi: soubriquet of " Charming Joseph, 1 ' did the major part of the damage. Maroney was acquitted^ and was called by Vernon in defence. Ordered to pay damage £5., a fine of 20s., and costs 6s. Thomas Laidlau was charged with imposing upon Messrs. R. G. Bosisto, Bermingham, ant I Armbruster, by means of valueless cheques oi> December 14. It was stated that defendant went to Eosisto's shop, purchased some goods and tendered a cheque for £3 on the Commerr cial Banking Company, Wilcannia, saying he had £100 in the Bank. The cheque wa> returned from the Bank and cashed, and ;no mcney was obtained for it. Prisoner bought a pair of boots' at Bermihgham's shop, and tendered in payment a cheque;for £2. He .also went to Armbruster's and asked for change for a cheque. of .£1 which afterwards proved valueless. Mr. PetersWald said he ha< 1 other evidence. Mr. Beddome—The people deserve" to lose the money if they are such fooli i as to cash cheques of a person on a Bank 1,000 miles away. Prisoner said he had a balance in the Bank.' Sent to gaol for three months witli hard labour,,. Pri oner—This " is a hard casej your Worship. Mr. Beddome—Yes, for thu poor people who have lost their money. Nicholas Tftidgcon vr&s; fined 10s., on the infor mation.of Inspector Fuller, for neglecting tc have a light an a hoarding in GilbertVtreet. Thomas Martin was chained by Inspectoi Leane with having a dog at large without i collar on. .It appeared the dog was a harmless cattle dog, and defendant had just come from the country. '. Mr. Beddome remarked thai useful .dogs bf that kind ought to.be exempt The information was withdrawn^ and defendant; was cautioned to get his dog registered. - Hemy Eniuje was similarly- charged and pro duced the dog—a toy terrier about big enough' to make halfa dozen meat pies. It had a sore neck, and the defendant, a German,' said he thought the Inspector was joking and wanted to sell liim a collar when he cameup, spofee about it. (Laughter.) - Defendant^ who - had giver some trouble, was fined 20s. • Geoi'ije jDsWr was chargedf by-"Park Lame Ranger Campbell with damaging the banks ol the River Torrens to the extent of 10s. by re moving sand therefiom. Mr. Bruce -appeared for the Corporation. Fined £5, damages 10a. and fees 17s. Avyv.it Mart'n Kaiser was charged witlj neglecting to pay his father, August Eaiser ( £11 lis. 6d.. W?gps, due. Mr. Smith for defen dant, who alleged that-he paid complainant al he owed-him. - -Dismissed. 