Mil. BALDWIN IN REPLY. TO THB BUrTOK. Sir — I must ask space in your valuable pajnr to rgain reply to 'Ginx's Baby's' commuuiot | tiou in your issue of Saturday. I would not notice tliis evidently half-crazed disciple of bell-ringing and horn-blowing, but he again makes abeolutely false statements, aud what is moie, very foolishly admits it. The general public n?ay not know of tbe manifestations that 'G. B.' speaks of, but they will know how to estimate a writer who tells deliberate false hoods and then takes especial pains to prove that he has just lied wilfully; and as to puncturing my epidermis, as he proudly boasts, it would require a sharper letter — one with more point to it—than any ' G. B.' could write to do that. 'G. B.' complains that I am abusive. In killing a snake one is not particular to smother it to death easily with rose-scented chloroform, but usually stamps its life out energetically. I regard 'G. B.' as upholding a hydra-headed monster that is doing more harm than all the veoomous reptiles ot Australia; aad when by falsifying and deceiving the public he vents his spleen op me for showing up his peculiar mania, I admit I am not apt to ' handle him tenderly' or stroke bis back gently while exposing his dishonesty to the 'public. In replying to him I will this time use mostly quotations from others, so he cannot complain of any indelicate handling. First I will dUposa of Dr. Slade, ' G. B.'s' great medium. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph on Tuesday, November 26, 1678, in a leading editorial on Dr. Blade, cays :— 'Dr Slade comes here as a great spirit medium, and obtrudes his doc trines upon the public in suck a way as to defy contradiction ; but the moment an oppor tunity is offeied of proving his boos fides he is as silent as tbe grave.' -'Cr. B.' next denial that tiie mediums nse handcuffs. I have not asserted that they do at present. They change the chareoterof their manifestations as a flea changes his quarters when pursued by some irate individual. What I aaiil and still say is that several years ago the Eddy Brothers and other prominent mediums did use handcuffs ?nd do handcuff tricks. 'G. B.' himself quotes Colonel Olcott as saying that ''the children showed me scars where pieces of flesh had been pinched out by handcuffs used by committees.' I know that the Eddy Brothers only three years ago did do handcuff tricks. I have not seen them since that time, and I know that at present four or five of the most prominent American mediums, including Peck, Cutler, Laura Mor gan, Anna Fay, Jennie Holmes, Livingstone, Charles Bead, Mott, and others, do the hand cuff trick at their seances. Mrs. Sawyer, of San Francisco, the most prominent medium on the Pacific coast, does the handcuff trick. The fol lowing extract is taken from the ReligioPhilo stmhtctd Journal of Chioago. Ills., the prominent spiritual paper of the United States, being only second to the Banner of Light;—' After this Mrs. Sawyer went back into the cabinet and closed the door ; in a minute the door was opened, and we found an iron ring upon her arm, all done by the spirits without removing the hanicuj*. At this point one of the party asked to take the handcuffs. The request was granted, and a stripe of black paint made inside the cuff — un- known to the medium— and they were carefully replaoed on the wrist*,' &o.;, the whole ex tract being too long for publication. Does nit this prove that -The Baby' either does not know anything about spirit mediums, in which ease he should not write to the papers and expose bis ignorance, or he has wilfully made misatatements with a view of deceiving an innocent public. Now as to Col. Olcott and sis experience with the Eddy Brothers. Mr. Daniel l-. Home is probably the mast noted medium in the world. He has given his tests before the Queen of England, the Prinoe of Wales, and many of the nobility ; also before the Emperor of the Bussios, the late Emperor Louis Napoleon, &c.; He has received many magnificent presents from these titled person ages. Mr. Home has written a book on spiritual mediums. He believes is honest mediums, and speaks of many of them iu a flattering mauuer, but he densuuees Colonel Olcott as a liar, and the Eddjs as not being genuine mediums. In speaking of Olcott's book Home says : — ' Trifles favorable to the ends he has in view are magnified into mountains of evidence. In convenient truths are suppressed. Whore s'id pression is impossible, the truth is distorted.' Colonel Olcott tells u/- on page 342, people from another world (the Baby's great authority), that the manifestations were not happening under test conditions, and hence would not satisfy the judicial mind. He confesses (p.ige 'HI ) that ' Chittenden was no place for him to try philosophical experiments.*' On page -109 he cays that his readers ' will bear him out in the statement that all bis efforts have been to interest American scientists io the phenomena Ut such an extent that they would commence real investigations.' In view of such an avowal as the last, what is the value of hispseudo investigation? Mr. Home continue*** follow*: — 'The author of the work in question was, he tells us, sent to tke Bddy Ghost Court in his J rapacity of newspaper para;raphi4t. The up I pointment was lucrative, and its holder in no i hurry to terminate it. ?? Both Mrs. ? and I.' I writes an American friend who was present at . Chittenden when Olcott wan, ' arc convinced 1 that there was a determined native in his rmnj to see and hear nothing that lessened the chances of bis lucrative position there.'' On page lOo Olcott says— 'The l;:;h; lias beeu very dim, and I have not beeu a*nV ci recognise : ie features of a single faco.' Ou the ntrt pig ;;e Fays — 'One cannot with uu trained eye .;is ttnguish accurately between form* varj iag as much as six inches in height.' Similar avo ...ill occur all through the book. Stroug as they ap pear the testimony of uaprejudice 1 observers u etill stronger. The light at Cnitieudi-u ».i- a libel on the term ''darkness visible.' Iuvi.-ar of such a fact what is the vitlnu of tue c&gravings; of the materialised forms, ic , n ;:b I which tbe book is profusely illustrated ; fiey j are merely fancy sketches evolved from the I inner consciousness of the artist, aud what wis ! the value of tbe numerous recojuitioue of -l.-ij friend* aud relatives which we are solemnly assured occurred. Will my readers understand that en page 1CS Olcott lament* that it was , impossible for him to make bis experiment*, at j Chittenden under test conditions, aud after ; wards coolly heads page 213 'another te»t,~ ; andentiUe«Chapt«riXin.'-Testscontinu'vl;' ! and on page 307 says, ' Abundant tests,' and yet : ttl!s us on page 343, ** The things I saw were not ' happening under test conditions.' Chapter XV. ! he calls 'philosophical tests,' yet «n January ' 1, lbTti, in the columns of the Banner of L'yht, \ he *ays : — ' My belief in the Eddy spirits was \ tbe result of intuition, not of absolute demon stration.'' When such nouncn.se is quoted bv \- 'GB,' what can I do bat treat it with oa tempt? The Kddy Brothers w«e afterwards ex posed by me. I found a secret staircase iu the i chimney; I founds portion of the floar movable ; aad wlien I published this in tbe *Y.1~. Sun, Olcott wntc, November 30, 1S75, respecting **tLe 'grand exposure of the Eddy spiritual I manifestations, which he in common with the whole poblic had been waiting for.' It is due to tbe public that you publish thi-t; for niy part I am accustomed to the dirty attack* of spiritualists who stand off and throw mud at long range under an assumed name. The tensibie spiritualists all welcome my coming as being a great help to them to discover fraud. As to Wm. Crooks*. Mr. Carpenter, ihe eminent xientist, has so completely demolirliei him that I say let him li.1.1'. — I am. io., S. S. BALDWIN. Adelaide. April 20. 