MR; CRESWICK. m « HAMLET.' 'Hamlet' attractedilast night an audience, that filled the theatro tomverflowing, and unti^ half-past eleven did the- closely packed mass listen with greedy eara^to She language which.* Shakespeare has* put into the mouths of tho*. principal personage&i; in this wonderful, play. It .was ia the second act that; the audience fully realised the excellence of; the- actor they had before, them. .Thft irrflnfe nnlllnnnv. in thn f.hir/i not « TV. Va lor no*, to ke,' produced an enthusiastic busat '.of 'cheering, and iu the scone which follows 'with Ophelia tho acting was comp-ite.. |Mr. Creswick's- reading of this scene, .differs ia many respects fran thati of jother well- known- impersonator! of the pact. When he -bids CpAelia get her io a nunnery, it i»,not in tho- withering tone of soaroasuat that -we have been aeeustomed to, but it is rather in. the accents of tho broken-hearted des^curing. man. The manner in which ho brings this scone to a- conolnsion is as artistic as it is teaching. Admirable was the scone in whioh ho instructed; the players. In this, as in his others, . them was a mOBt welcome abac-ace of oxaggera-. tion. Again did Mr. Creswiick bring his great command of features into play, especially, when the players enact the tragedy of the death of Ifamlet'e father. Ho watches. the- effeot of tho acting on his.mothor -end tho King with an intensonoBS truly painful. Another fine efieet was that where ho bids his mother.- i 'look hero upon this picluro, and on this,' mi d upbraids her for her criminal lovo for the King. The fencing mutch writh I.a cries in tho last Bcone was well managed, and tho death of Hamlet was tho culminating eacellenco.- of this fino perform'nnco. Mifls Helen Ashtou per formed tho part of Ophelia with much quiet grace, and her mad Bcene was all the more effective in that, thoro was no straining after effect. She sang hor little snatohes of song in a very pathetio way, and her last exit: produced a very touching effect. One of tho best acted parts in tho tragedy was that' of Poloniiu, by Mr. Welsh. Mr. Holloway was it rather substantial ghost, but, in other reBpeotB, tkiB very difficult character was satis faotorily prcsonted. Mr. S. Howard was good as thn Grave Digger, especially in his passage of wit with. Hamlet. Mr. N. Douglas as Laertes , Mr. West as tho King, aud Mrs. Holloway as the Queen were tolerably satisfactory. Tho gentlemen who under took tho parts of .Guihlcnetern and Roeentrants havo a great doal of their profession to learn, to say tho least. The play wsb fuirly well put on the stage, but there woro occasionally painfully incongruous 'properties' to ho seen, such, for iuBtanoe, us the most modern of drawing- room chairs figuring in tho anoient Halls of tho Danish kings. Tho property man might surely havo put together a few appropriate stools or fautouils. ' Hamlet' will be repeated this evening, and tho performance is one that should on no acoount bo missed. 