MARY WORSHIP. ' NO. III. What we have now to do, in our argu- j ment, is to show that Mary is as truly ' worshipped, worshipped with as much devoutness, and appealed to with as much heart-trust as God Himself is or can be. Of course, priests and controvertists will say that this is to accuse the Roman Catholics falsely ; and they will appeal to their, catechisms and books, and quote passages from them to show that they . make distinctions. Yes, we answer, dis tinctions' are, made, which suit very well ifor the purpose of controversy and for throwing dust, and for the purpose of quieting the faithful, but they are not" of the . slightest practical moment in the 'every day devotions of the people. A. few intellectual men, who are fond of metaphysics, may be capable of keeping logical distinctions in view when they are on their knees pouring out their ; prayers 'and adorations p they may see the differ ence between Latria and Hyperdulia and ; run out the two lines of worship in their words and supplications ; they may train their heart to let out its love as .they do ; when they turn a tap to let out, water, now more, now less, -now half-speed, now full speedy according as God or Mary, is addressed ; we say, this may be possible, '(although we altogether doubt it), in" the : case of a few. highly intellectual and metaphysical minds ; but we altogether deny its possibility in the case of the people generally. The most ignorant i pei son is capable of knowing and acting on the distinction between civil respect or worship and religious worship — between i the respect which is due to the king or queen, and that which is due to the God of heaven., But, when distinctions are made in religious worship - itself, and the heart is asked to regulate the degree of its devotion, as a thermometer indicates the i heat , v of the weather — 30 degrees for 'saints, 45 degrees for Maryland 60 degrees for God— -we' say that the distinctions are mere delusions and mockeries ; they are 'altogether,,, impossible, and idolatry is ;the result in spite of all assertions to the contrary. These distinctions of Popery jare not a bit more clever than those I which the Pagans had as excuses for their polluting idolatries. You may shuffle about the differences between an " idol " and a " graven thing " — between " pray ing to" and "adoring" — between "adoring" and " bowing down hut the fact after all overleaps these distinctions, and Popery is as guilty of " Mariolatry " as ever the heathen and the pagan nations were guilty of the worshipping of dumb idols. Let us see some examples of the reli gious worship which Romanists give to Mary— which th ey call " by perdulian and let us ask what more " latrian wor ship" 'can be, , which is given to God only."'. . . . .. Mary is addressed thus : " Holy Mary, most Holy Mary, succurere miseris (help the unhappy) ; java pusilananimes (assist the weak) ; refove , flebiles (comfort the weeping) ; accipe quod offerimus, dona quod regamus, - excusa quod timemus (accept-, what we bring, grant what we ask, and pardon what we fear)." Now, could God Himself be asked to, do more? No. one on his knees could , . ask the Almighty in language, more suppliant, or could petition for anything more than what is thus asked of Mary ! But again, Mary is thus exalted and worshipped by Romanists on their knees, and before her altars and pictures : " Tu dona ccelum, tu laxa, tu sana, tu solve, crimina, tu due, , conduc, indue, perdue, ad gloriam ; tu serva, tu fer opem, tu aufer, tu confer vitam — Thou givest heaven — tbou settest free— thou healest— thou forgivest sins— thou leadest and guidest to glory — thou savest — and bringest help — thou tipholdest and conferrest life !" Now, consider again, what more could be said of. God Himself ? If the poor worshipper of Mary on his knees can thus . pour out" his soul to Mary in religioris worship, we ask, is it possible for him practically to give to God Himself a fuller or higher worship ? Of course, when challenged, he may search about for distinctions ; but we affirm that the heart which utters such worship to Mary cannot control its feelings or love by such paltry sophistry. We call it " paltry sophistry and is it not ? See what an eminent Roman Catholic has ' said on, the . subject, and wonder at the paltriness of the sophistry : — "We Roman Catholics do not honour the, saints with only that - worship which we give to men who excel in; virtue ; but also the divine worship, which is an act of religion ; only we do not give divine worship to the saints for themselves, but for God who hath made them saints !" ; In. fact, as a pervert to the Romish Church lias,, put it,. " the great age of the- Cburch, the age of Mary, has come "the Holy Ghost, the divine zealot of Jesus and Mary has appeared." Mary is thus put on an equality with Jesus — " the Holy, Ghost is tlie zealot of Jesus and Mary." This same Papist has said— i " J esus is obscured because Mary is in the back ground ; thousands of souls perish because Mary is withheld from them !" ; " Mary," says a Popish Bishop, " is our only hope in our 'great difficulties." Says : another Vicar-Generalj " If: the devotion ' to God were like that to Mary among my people, it would-be a world- of saints !" Pius IX., when about to proclaim .Mary immaculate, said to his Bishops— " You know very, well, venerable brethren, that j the whole ' of our confidence is placed in 'the most ' Holy Virgin, since God- has placed in Mary the fulness of all good, that accordingly we may know that if there is any hope in us, if any grace, if ;any salvation, it redounds to us from herf , because such is the will who hath willed that we should have everything through Mary 1" -Now, distinctions of the most subtle kind may be invented to save such language' from the charge of idolatry and blasphemy ; but we appeal to all people of common sense if those distinctions are not really aggravations of the crime. If Mary be thus great, how can God be any greater ? Of course, the answer is, Mary is the instrument, but God is the Supreme ; yes, but if the instrument does the work of the Supreme, is not the instrument made supreme? Mary seems able to do everything that the Supreme can do ; — there is, no need therefore for the Supreme at'ally" as all; our hope is in the instru ment ? ' Accordingly, Mary soon usurps the place of God. Said one bishop to the Pope— " Glorify the mother of God, that the mother of God may glorify thee; for 1" doubt not, the Virgin will assure thee of this hope by a voice from heaven, ' I have glorified thee, and I will glorify thee again.' " The parody of this blasphemy is easily noticed. Again, another , bishop said ' to the Pope; " "Wo rely - upon the hope that the most Blessed Mother, the Queen of Heaven and mistress of the world in return for the declaration of her immacu- ' late conception, will be pleased, to .dissipate all our sad and sorrowful vicissitudes, , > and. compassionating us with , that most large affection of her motherly, mind . . turn our sorrow to joy !". Again, another bishop, speaking of. the .-Church., tossed amid waves, anct rejoicing that an ; anchor has been found foi\ the Ghurch . to keep it secure, says — and' what nsfhat : anchor % Mary !" , Said another . bishop, when telling of how he relied on Mary, ".I daily most .earnestly ;and unremittingly implore: the; most merciful -and ; Holy Mary.'? , Said another, " She, -Mary, .is terrible, as an army with banners, to. . pro tect the universal Ghurch:" . Said another, — The preparation : of, .the heart! .the . immaculate mother of the Redeemer,;, will hear." And, said another, "We have little, hope that human remedies will profit us , unless the; most Blessed . Mary will- help !" Now,- we ask again, could there be plainer evidence that this hyperdulian .worship of Mai'y is as high and deep as any worship which can be given to i-Gqd alone.? We say it is not possible. - Mary is here every thing, The heart goes out to . her with' all the warmth of devotion of which it is capable. She is relied- upon, she is appealed to, she is trusted in; exactly as any one could rely -upon, appeal to; or trust in God Himself. Everything; is for Mary's sake— ^every thing is through Mary — every -eye - is turned xo Mary— every tongue is speaking of Mary — every heart is trusting in Mavy — and'! the only hope is- lost and! gone unless Mary, as the anchor and the mother comes to return ! Of course, the cold ice of distinction is at hand, if ; any one should be shocked a'tn this v-' gross Mariolatry"; and a learned ' father,' like Dr. Vaughan, comes in and says, .Mary, is the instrument, God. is the 'fountain, 'and in honouring Mai'y, we honour God who has given us merqy ; yes,; but what better is there than the pagans speech—" We don't woiship the graven image, we only worship the great spirit through the graven image ; we; don't worship Venus and Juno and Jupiter ;; but we, worship the one , god through- these . convenient personations!" We shall continue the subject 'next ; week. -Meanwhile, let our readers- see 'in ; the frightful blasphemy of this Mariolatry i the result of non-reading of the Scrip tures. It would be impossible for' the people to be imposed upon 1 with' these i parodies . and distinctions if they < were !really w acquainted with ' the ' beautiful simple history of Mary as it is given- in the Bible. The good woman who was the mother,- of .our Lord, and' the wife- of J oseph, and the mother of other -children, and the widow who died when about fifty' .years of age, has been turned by inge nious and blasphemous -bishops into a beautiful young virgjln of about seventeen that' carries a baby in her arm's— the Queen of Heaven— the Refuge of Sinners —the Mother of Mercy— the Anchor1 of the Church— and terrible as an army with bannei'S ! 1 ' - 