THE STORY-TELLER. TALES OF CRIMES & CRIMINALS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. By CROSVENOB. BURSTER, Author on g( Remarkable Crimes and Trials xn Victoria.' — No. V.-XNATGHBULL, THE | MURDERER. Chapter IV. — Sent to Sea. — f Continued.) Going into the midshipmen's berth, young j Panton introduced his friend to his mess mates. The first of these was Mr. Nick, master's mate— a tall, lean, pock-marked personage of some thirty years of age, who, having no influence at headquarters, had no hope of rising for the next twenty years, and lwlio consequently regarded the cessation of tfle war as a personal wrong. He was the i bully of the mess. He scowled at Knatch bull; and remarking that he was an ugly beggar, devoted himself to his rum and water. Then the lad was introduced to Mr. Primrose, a fair, laughing, good-looking wrifli a nafripifln air and manner ; and to Mr. Puff, son of a great I London grocer, and who was known among j his messmates as 'Tea and Sugar.' The re- I mainder of the mess consisted of small boys, J of ages varying from twelve to fifteen years, 1 and . who, in the manner of the time, were the j abject slaves of their seniors. I 'fiere, you Panton,' presently exclaimed I Mr.. Nick. 'Pass the word to the steward J to hurry with the grub. Move, ye, or I I'll cob ye.' j As Panton obeyed, Knatcbbull looked up I in surprise.; and fixing his sinister black 1 -eyes; upon Mr. Nick's pock-marked face, re- I garded him with unmistakable hostility. It I was root that he felt any special indignation I at the manner in which Panton was treated I that he felt inspired by this ill-will towards I Mr. ;Nick. It was rather because he quickly realised that he, too, would be made the subject of Mr. Nick's tyranny, if he sub mitted,, like Panton. Gifted with great frniipal courage, and by instinct and nature of an aggressive and quarrelsome temper, he ; mentally, determined that ere long he and i ir vri 1- -1. 13 mamma LA nr»n n ninrr JXLT. IMCh. 8UUU1U wiuc tu au Mr. Nick, perceiving how the youngster regarded Mp, nodded his head at him with I fine irony. I ' You'll know me next time, Ugly,' said | he. i I ' Ishould know yon anywhere,' retorted j Knatchbull, with one of his evil sneers. I You have the face of a cad, and the manners of a pickpocket.' . . .1 For a moment Mr. Nick stared m be wilderment at the audacious speaker, while Mr. -Primrose laughed outright, and Mr. Puff looked up in heavy astonishment. Why — your eyes, you ugly son of a Chinese monkey ! You'd cheek me, eh? That's a good 'un and with this, Mr. Nick jumped across the table and seized Knatch bull by th collar. The next moment a fierce blow jbetween his eyes sprawled Mr. Nick upon- the deck ; ana then, as ne arose, i another fair in the mouth disposed of two of I his yellow teeth. It is probable that Mr. J Nick -had never been so taken by surprise in I his lite. He had decidedly undervalued his 1 antagonist, and had not regarded with I critical caution the depth of his chest and j the btawny width of his shoulders. But Mr. I Nick's influence depended upon overcoming this audacious new-comer ; and so spitting out his teeth, he threw off his jacket, and posing himself in a fighting attitude, in vited Knatchbull ' to come on.' There was no need to to repeat the invitation. The young savage's blood was up. He would not at that moment have hesitated to murder Mr. Nick. The sight of that gentleman s gore trickling down his pock-marked face aroused within his murderous soul all the savage lust for blood which animates the tiger -whenit has woundedits prey. He bounded forward, and by sheer force beat down Mr. Nick's guard, struck him back against the \- f)nlkh -then - -eo --hammered and pounded njm that Mr. Primrose and Panton rushed forward and'dragged him away. For in truth Mr. Nick was dead beaten, There is littib doubt that, had Knatchbull been left to his own passion, Mr. Nick would have been flfeatendead. \ M it. was, his eyes were bunged Up his lips swollen, and a lopg. sinister cUt from bate eye to the corner Of his, mouth adorned bis visage. It was a brutal triumph. 'There,' said Knatchbull. with a coarse laugh j 'hell not -order you .about again, Panted, as though you were a nigger an< as he |fppke, he seized Mr. Nick's glass q! Kog, .drank off a portion, and threw the lance toMr. Nick's swollen andbatteret face. 'Mas ! Mr. Nick was too demoralised , by hisffefesatto uttor thefauntestprotest, or make-& sUAtort TesmteRcei . > ; I j ; j," ' . < \- , - ' „ Jj.v, - --VG-Ii jv. ' .Wii J The battle thus fought and won, at once 1 constituted Knatchbull cock of the- mess- j room. He was not slow to take advantage | of the circumstance. If Mr. Nick had been j a bully and tyrant, Knatchbull' was infi- j nitely worse. There was but one of his I messmates who openly defied him. The I slight, gay, elegant Mr. Primrose treated J him with undisguised contempt. He read 1 his character at sight. Knatchbull, follow- 1 ing his nature, fawned upon the young 1 patrician — in vain. Primrose would have 1 none of him, feeling intuitively that he was coarse, vulgar, brutal, and a sneak. For I this, Knatchbull hated Mr. Primrose, and I watched for opportunity to take revenge. 1 Arrived at Jamaica, Knatchbull found that the money be had saved from Ms«wto- nings when one of the fraternity of swindlers of which Mr. Dy ver had been creator, stood him in good need. He lent his messmates money — at good interest. He gambled with the officers of the garrison and the young i planters with surprising success. His cap- tain was a sycophant and sneak ; and ascer- | taming that the midshipman Knatchbull was | possessed of money, did not scruple to bor- J row from him, allowing him, in return, i many privileges. Thus it came to pass that the youngster passed more time ashore and amusing himself, than on boara ms vessel, i doing his duty — much to the disgust andl anger of Mr. Armstrong, the first lieutenant. I ; And yet, when at sea, the lad had paid I j strict attention to his duties. There was no I smarter lad in the ship at all matters of sea- 1 inanship, and the sailing master reported I that his progress in navigation was sur- 1 prising. All the more did it annoy the first I lieutenant to find that in harbour he was j permitted to neglect his duties. I Kingston is a hospitable place. There is I always some festivity ' going on' among the I planters and merchants ; and Knatchbull, I privileged by his captain, was enabled tol take part in most of them. He was known I to be of good family ; and it was naturally I | considered that the money he spent so l I lavishly — recouping himself, however, at the I gambling table — was derived from a liberal I allowance from bis uncle, the truth being I that Sir Harry merely gave the lad L150 per I I annum. Knatchbull, however, was not I liked very much by the Jamaica people. His sullen manner, his scowling looks, his devilish sneer, were against him. But he could, when j he pleased, make himself very agreeable, I and in ladies' society he frequently did I please to do so. Especially did he please to I I do so when in the company of a certain Miss j j Olivia Dubosq, the only daughter and heiress j I of one of the richest planters in the island, | and a leading belle of Kingston society. In his coarse and sensual way, he was a great admirer of female beauty ; and this young j lady's charms especially attracted him. He was but a lad— scarcely seventeen ; but he was, in habit of thought and constitution, more of a man — an evil man albeit — than many another of twice his age. His was also of a prudent and calculating nature. He reflected that Miss Dubosq was not only a beauty, but an heiress ; and it was with a curious sense .of triumph that he thought how Kate Knatchbull would wonder at his good luck, should he secure this charming girl and her wealth. It was a source of constant anger to him, however, to find that his fellow-midshipman — the gay, frank, handsome Mr. Primrose — was more favoured by the beauty than him self. The young patrician, with the mis- I chievous delight of the young, flirted with the lady, more with the object of annoying Mr. Knatchbull than because of any special affection for Miss Dubosq. He was about the same age as Knatchbull, but his youth was natural and wholesome. He had all the midshipman's love of fun and mischief. To his voune mind, such thoughts as occurred to Knatchbull never intruded themselves. But he saw how Knatchbull was smitten, and how seriously he regarded the matter ; and so, what with his dislike for the bully, and his penchant for mischief, he exerted his most attractive qualities to draw the young lady to him, and so feed the jealous fury which burned in Knatchbull's bosom. Poor youngster ! he little dreamed of the danger his gay folly involved him iu. One evening, the officers of the vessels of j war lying in Kingston harbour were invited to a grand ball at the town house of Mr. Dubosq. In Jamaica, there are no divi sions of society. The elect are as one, and consequently all meet at such entertain ments. Mr. Dubosq's noble mansion was filled with guests. All the beauty, wealth, and position of the island were present, to- /»/\L1iaw trnfli fho fTQTPl &AT1; nflil API'S tillDRft belonging to the vessels then lying in the harbour. Naturally, the mids of the 'Rattle snake' were present, with their superiors, and among others Mr. Nick, whose features had now recovered their normal appearance, and who looked none the worse for the thrashing Knatchbull had given him, save for the absence of his two front teeth, which was painfully and suggestively apparent when Mr. Nick smiled. Young Primrose, that evening, devoted himself to Miss Dubosq — who, flirt as she was, had learned to entertain a feelkig warmer than friendship for the gay and handsome young fellow. She was but too willing to permit him to monopolise ner. She gave Mr. Knatchbull but little en couragement, dancing but once with him, and afterwards declining to honour him further. This conduct, while it afforded Primrose a mischievous delight, aroused in his shipmate's bosom the darkest feelings of hate and revenge. Passing from the ballroom into the garden, the young man swore a fear ful oath of vengeance upon his handsome messmate. The whole force of his evil, mur derous nature now controlled him. _ At that moment he would hpive gladly Sacrificed his ; own life to have taken that of his rival. He brooded on this thought for fully an hour presently returning to the ballroom with a smile upon his lips, and a lurid light in his coal-black eyes, which by those who knew Tiim might have been interpreted aright. Rut the young ladies whom he honoured with his attentions that evening were unanimous to their opinion that, although/Mr. Knatehbull was anything but gopchlootong, he was really very agreeable when Tip chose. . So did he bide the hateful passipn which fiUed hissoul. . : He left cariy Jrepairedto his hotel, I being on U wa8 i. . . . ' Eri£.K " awake When Lieutenant Armstrdng, the next- morning, hurriedly entered the room: j ' My God !' said he ; ' hers is a terrible I affair.' j ' What, sir?' asked Knatchbull, sitting up I in bed, and yawning. I ' Poor Primrose has been found at the I foot of the garden pier, dead— stabbed to the j heart.' | Knatchbull stared stupidly at his superior officer. . " ' Dead ! Why, I left him in the ballroom last night.' J ' He is dead, nevertheless,' cried the | Lieutenant ; ' and tkere is little doubt he has been murdered.' 'Great Heaven !' ejaculated Knatchbull. 'Get up and dress,' "said the Lieutenant, j shortly. ' The body lies below ;' and he left the room. j What brought the savage light of exulta tion into Knatchbull's face ? what made him utter that cold, sinister, suppressed laugh, as Armstrong left the room? He | dressed leisurely — sometimes pausing to fall | intodeep thought, andthen suddenly arousing | himself with a smile, looking fixedly to the I mirror before him. He was thus, when Pan- I ton broke into the room, and, with a passion I of tears, told the story of the discovery of poor jfnmrose s body. Jviiatcnbuli listened impatiently. j Whining won't bring him to life again, | Panton,' said he. All we can do is to bring I his murderer to justice and as he spoke, 1 his lip turned with a mocking smile. I He went to look at the body as it lay in a j darkened room of the hotel. The fair young j face was calm and tranquil ; the merry blue | eyes closed for aye. Knatchbull bent down, j and looked upon the handsome visage of the 1 dead with such a scowl of hate to his own, that Panton, observing him, turned sud denly pale, shuddered, and left the room. An undefined suspicion had seized upon him, and for the first time in his life the grim re pugnance with which his friend was ordi- i narily regarded, also exercised its influence I upon him. Chapter V. — Murder. i All investigation failed to afford the j authorities any clue to the assassin of J poor young Primrose. That he had been foully murdered, there could be small doubt. A table knife, which was recognised as be longing to Mr. Dubosq's household, was found on the sandy bottom of the water near which the body lay. Beyond this there was nothing to show how or why the murder had I been committed. That it had not been com- j mitted for the sake of plundei, was made ! manifest in the fact that the young man's purse, and watch, and rings (he was given, poor fellow, to these vanities) were found 1 untouched. What, then, could have been j the motive of the murderer? It was impos- 1 sible to say — since it came out in evidence 1 that the lad had been a universal favourite. | ' He and I,' said Knatchbull, to his j examination, ' had our midshipmen's quar- I rels, but I can honestly say that I ielt a warm | friendship- for poor Primrose. I would give I a hundred guineas to bring his murderer to justice and his voice quivered with I emotion. J I This was most commendable, yet some- 1 how there were seme who rather doubted its I sincerity. Among these was Lieutenant Armstrong and Mr. Nick. Mr. Nick, to- 1 deed, waited Upon his old enemy after the I inquest, and Handed him a button. j ' I noticed that you'd lost a button from I your coat, Knatchbull, and I think I've I found it.' I 'Where?' asked Knatchbull, with a sudden start. ' Near the place where they found poor Primrose,' said the other. 'By the way, Knatchbull, I wish you'd lendme L10 until next quarter ; and Mr. Nick, holding the button between his finger and thumb, smiled significantly. ' Give me the button,' said Knatchbull, I sullenly. 1 ' Can you let me have'the ihoney ?' asked the other. " 'Certainly. Here are twenty pounds. Don't bother yourself about repaying it. Whenever it is convenient. The button, please. Thanks. Of course, there' is no need to mention this paltry circumstance.' j 'None whatever, my dear Knatchbull,' said the other, tapping his pock-marked nose, j ' 'Tip no business of mine. Twenty pounds, j Thanks. Good-day, Knatchbull, They bury poor Primrose this evening, Of course, you'll follow with the rest of us ? Ta, ta !' and Mr. Nick left the room. Instantly there flashed into Knatchbull's face the look of devilish hate and murderous j intention which reflected his thought. He | muttered to himself, and sat for some moments in deep reflection. Then he arose, lit a cigar, and, depositing the button in his pocket-book, murmured : ' "Pis an unfortunate matter for you, Mr. Nick, tbat you found this button ; and it is fortunate for me that' you are the unscrupu lous scoundrel I am myself. Mr, Nick, Mr. Nick — I'm afraid you'll never enjoy your promotion ;' and with this reflection, he began to dress for the funeral. No more sorrowful face looked down upon the coffin, as it was lowered into its grave, f.lion Mr PTnQfoliVinlTe TCT/Mia onnl'D mnvp WUWU UUUVUIAVUii Oi X1VUU Ol/WlkV | feelingly or regretfully of their dead ship- j mate than he. And yet Mr. Armstrong, | Panton, and Mr. Nick watched him curiously, j as though they doubted the sincerity of his | emotion, and entertained some grim sus- 1 picions of his connection with the deed which had laid poor PriWose low. It was known that they had been rivals to their suit with 1 Miss Dnbosq ; and perhaps this circumstance j of itself led to some such thought. At any | rate, the quick perception which was one of I the attributes of Knatchbull enabled him to discern that he stood worse than ever to the estimation of Mr. Armstrong; and that even Panton exhibited a nervous uneasiness to Ms presence which had not heretofore characterised his manner. He smiled bitterly as he thought of this, and vowed revenge. For it was of this young devil's nature, that his first thought of re sentment bred ap after-plot of. vengeance withto him towards whomsoever that re- sentment was felt. " y s i j The ' RatHesnake,ybetogorded to cruise off the BalnUna bjMkSij Eb KtiatfhhnH called upon the Quboeq%/to Mdthem fare- well. He found Miss Dubosq alone— to I mourning. The sight bl he'r palpable grief filled Mb heart with rage, as it also inspired I it with a sense of triumph. A.t least, whis- 1 pered Ms evil consciousness, her lover will I never see her more. But he spoke most I pathetically of the sad event which had de- 1 prived Mm of a dear friend and shipmate. I He vowed that he was willing to sacrifice his ! life to bring Ms murderer to justice. He j protested that never before bad he felt such | grief at the loss of a friend or relative. To all of tMs Miss Dubosq listened in silence, her large dark eyes fixed upon the speaker. When he paused, she merely remarked : ' Words are but words, Mr. Knatchbull. As we are alone,- I may tell you honestly that you know more about Mr. Primrose's death than anybody in Jamaica ;' and with I tMs, and a low bow, she swept from the | room. He started to Ms feet, and with closed gripped hands and lowering eyes, | stood gazing at the door through which she | had passed. Suddenly he laughed silently, | and, seizing his hat. passed from the street. | He took his way down Market street, and, j turning down a narrow lane, entered a low | hovel, kept by an old negress, who bore a 1 repute the reverse of respectable. He closed | the door, and remained within for full half an hoar. When he came forth, the dark, evil look wMch was so common to his face rested upon it, and an air of devilish triumph seemed to animate his walk. He went on board the brig at once, and reported Mmself , and half an hour afterwards the vessel had sailed on its cruise. It was not until some time afterwards he learned that Olivia Dubosq had been found dead in her bed — poisoned, it would seem, by her own hand. Grief at the loss of her young lover was ! I esteemed the cause of her suicide ; and society agreed that it was a most touching and romantic case. Mr. Knatchbull, listen- tog to the story, expressed the deepest regret and sympathy. 'Borneo and Juliet,' he remarked, was, after all, a very probable I play, for here they had its chief incidents | enacted to daily life. But when alone, his old wicked smile lit up Ms face, and gave glamour to his evil eyes. | MeanwMle, however, the ' Rattlesnake' beat up against a strong nor'-easter for the I | Bahamas. . Napoleon had slipped from Elba, i | and the tocsin of war had once again been sounded. It was conjectured that the | brig would fall across some French vessels I that were supposed to be in the Gulf of | Florida. Mr. Nick's spirits rose, as a better j chance now offered itself for promotion ; for I to do Mr. Nick justice, he was possessed of I | courage that would have carried him — in | search of promotion — into the very mouth of I a cannon. . I The brig battered against the fierce winds for full three weeks, ere she got to leeward of the Bahama bank. MeanwMle, young Knatchbull's activity and seamansMp had commended Mm to Ms superior officers. Even Mr. Armstrong, oppressed as he was by his dark- suspicions, could not forbear his I approval. Gould he have read the young man's heart, as it was, no approbation of Ms ! seamanship or zeal could have overcome his repulsion and horror. The weather still continued bad, and the brig — an old vessel, and by no means sea worthy — was knocked about woefully. The captain was an imbecile so far as seamanship was concerned, and the command of the brig virtually devolved upon the first lieutenant. He had hard work of it, and an anxious time, fcr it was as much as they could manage to | beat off the shoals which intersect those dangerous banks. The pumps, too, bad to be worked pretty constantly ; and, alto gether, the cruise promised to be anything but comfortable. About this rime young Knatchbull de veloped another form of vice. Hitherto he had been strictly moderate, but it now be came noticeable that he was pretty con stantly in communion with the grog bottle. His ample means enabled Mm to satisfy tMs craving, and soon scarce an hour passed tbat he did not indulge it. Mr. Nick profited by this new passion. He seemed now to possess considerable influence over young £ natch- bull, wMch he did not hesitate to employ towards the satisfaction of his own penchant for strong waters. But while strong waters made Mr. Nick very merry and facetious, and much disposed to banter Mr. Knatch- | bull, they only made Mr. Knatchbull more | moody and reserved, sullen and morose. His | strong head was proof against the effects of j I alcohol, as it affected other people ; and save that his brow wore a deeper gloom, and Ms | voice a harsher and more insolent intonation, I he never exMbited any signs of excess. And yet, as I have said, he drank fearfully. One night Mr. Nick came on deck de- ; cidedly the worse for liquor. He was in the ! same watch with Knatchbull, their station j being the waist of the ship. It was blowing hard, and the brig was pounding along, beat- j ing up against the gale under close-reefed topsails. They were dangerously near the banks, and a sharp look-out — so far as was possible on such a black and murky night — was kept. | Mr. Nick being decidedly the worse for j liquor, was more than usually given to ban- 1 ter his shipmate, Knatchbull. The truth 1 was, that the thrashing he had received at I LltnL niMtnnriQffo oLill vnrtlrln IT) blitj UtbUUO U1 uuau ouxu lauaivu i his memory, and although when sober he | was careful to refrain from open offence, he did not hesitate to indulge Ms ill-will when J drunk. He came up to Knatchbull, and I searing himself on the rail of the bulwarks j — holding on by a back stay — insisted upon I conversation. The wind wMstled through J the cordage, and moaned across the waves ; | but Mr. Nick did not hesitate to raise his I I voice above the muttertogs of the storm. 'Say, Katchbull, ugly night, old man. Wonder if poor Primrose's ghost is abroad?' . Knatchbull turned a fierce look upon Ms j messmate. . 1 'Curse Primrose's ghost,' he 'growled. ' Wh&tthe; do'you bring up that subject tor?' ' Don't know, I'm sure,' answered Mr. Nick ;with drunken gravity; 'but fact is, old feeler, I never see yon looking so black .and ugly, but T think of the poor little beggar. What the doose did you «cook him ; . > . .. vuf'-; ; v Ablow,acnrse,audawiidsereamof agoqy hs Mr. Nick was steruck from the | i . . 1 ' v- -:vs. i ' j : vU — — — —— rii r i rail, and fell into the boiling sea. A flash o lightning revealed "his white and haggard . . face as he was swept astern. For a moment even Knatchbull, though he had long com templated tMs deed, stood still in horror. Then he raised a shout of ' man overboard. A hurried rush, the flash of lanterns, eager enquirfes followed upon his cry, / 'It's Mr. Nick, sir,' said Knatchbull touching his cap. ' He was the worse for I liquor, and would insist upon sitting on the weather rail. The brig gave a lurch, and he fell overboard.' ' God help him, ' said the second lieutenant, ' for we can't help him. Keep her free, my I man,' he shouted to the quartermaster, who j had put his helm up. 'Tis no use. We can j do nothing' — and then the brig laboured on j her course, leaving behind the hapless I master's mate, unsuccoured and doomed. | Knatchbull that night could not banish j from his memory the white and agonised j face of the man he had murdered. But as morning broke, Ms callous nature enabled | him to throw off the grim remembrance ; and I it was with the utmost coolness and particu- j larity that he reported the occurrence to Mr. j Armstrong. That gentleman, though by na means superstitious, could not forbear a j shudder of horror as he reflected that two lives had been sacrificed since Knatchbull had joined the sMp, and that in some to- I direct way the young man had been con nected with each calamity. Nor was he alone in this thought. The seamen wMspered among themselves that young Knatchbull had brought ill-luck to the ship ; and in the midshipmen's ward room, the youngsters were similarly impressed. And so it came to pass that few cared to converse or asso ciate intimately with one, who, whether j guilty or not, had been decidedly connected | in some unlucky form or another with two j terrible disasters. All tMs but favoured the I savage and revengeful spirit of the young man. In his heart he cursed all around him, I and in his heart the will and wish were j nourished of wholesale murder. He could I have found hierh delight, he thought, in cut- ting the throat of every man and boy on board the brig. But he dissembled Ms hate, and redoubled Ms exertions and attention to Ms duty. (to be cok hnved.) 