LILLEBTON; OR, CROSS PURPOSES. [Written for tlie Gawler Standard.] CHAPTER I. BY AGNES NEALE. When pain and anguish wring the brow Administering angel thou! SCOTT. Softly the sun's rays fell on tree, and leaf, and flower, and found even their • golden glory almost rivalled by the drooping laburnums, which nodded and kissed each other coquettishly across the broad gravel walk. Tliis walk, or ratlier drive, led from the gate to the front of the handsome mansion, known in the little village of Lillerton as " The Willows." At one of the larger windows of the drawing-room sat a young girl. Her hands were clasped together listlessly in her lap, and her eyes were turned steadily—almost wearily—to the golden sunset, with a sadly pre-occupied air, however, as if her mind dwelt on subjects of pain and sorrow. No interest, even in the beautiful sunset gleamed in her clear grave eyes. What thought or feeling could have had place in her mind to cloud so entirely so young a face, or to shed gloom over so youthful a heart ? And she was young, for scarce more than seventeen summers could have passed over her. And yet the grief in her face was so deep that nothing but a great sorrow could have brought it. There came a shade of deeper sorrow, a thrill of pain, which •made the color in her cheek fade, her head bowed, and she clasped her hands over her brow till the white fingersgrew crimson with the pressure. She looked up again, with the pain still in her face, and her eyes wandered wearily through Hie window, into the road, where a heavy "waggon "was slowly proceeding in the direction of the village. She saw, dimly—as we sometimes almost unconsciously see things—that it was laden with household effects, and she found herself vaguely wondering whb the owners were, and whither they were going. . To the village, or were they merely passing through to some place of destination further on ? Her interest was aroused, for the family was evidently a large one, and she fancied there were children there. By this time the sun was down and the wind had risen considerably, and heavy masses of inky clouds had come up in the west. " If those folks are going far they will have it miserably wet," she thought. Then came an interruption. " Miss Agnes, your father is awake." The speaker was an old lady, with that sort of quiet, kindly face, which we call motherly, Agnes was on her feet in an instant. " Oh, Mrs. Parker, is he better ?" " I do not think so, my dear. I am afraid not." Agnes's face shaded again, and her head drooped a little as she went up stairs. The room in which the sick man lay was "one of the pleasantest in the house. It looked towards the west, and when the golden light gilded earth and sky it was a fair and lovely sight for eyes that could appreciate the beauties of nature. Mr. Carfyle's wece peculiarly capable of so doing. Not a single note of a woodland songster sounded in his ears, but it found an echo in his heart; not a scene of grandeur or beauty met his eye, that it lit not up with admiration; and not an accession of light or shade passed over the landscape, but it brought an answering light or shade to his face. And yet this beauty that he saw had failed to draw his heart towards its glorious Author. With all his love of nature he had failed to see the God of nature iu His works. Mr. Carlyle was an infidel. How it is that such men as he can be infidels I know not: but such, alas I is too often the case. And yet he had a heart " attuned to all sweet harmoniesa soul that worshipped the good, the pure, and the sublime. Who are to blame for the terrible want of faith in such noble souls? Are they themselves not sincere in what they profess to believe ? We dare not say that: for we have no more right to question their sincerity than they have to question ours. Who then are to blame? Are the professors of Christianity—those who pretend to believe in the glorious gospel of the Son of God, and whose lives are a perpetual libel on the religion they profess. Oh, profesof Christianity, beware ! for the world watches you with jealous eyes, and you know not how much harm yon may be doing by your inconsistency. When Agnes entered her father's room he lay with clasped hands, and eyes that looked through the window as the eyes of the soul peer through the mist and darkness which surrounds this mortal frame. There was a deep searching look in his wide-open eyes, as if he were trying to pierce the, to him, terribly nnknown future. His daughter bent over him, with a look of love, which only woman's face can wear. " Are you better, papa ?" she asked gently. He shook his head, and his troubled eyes looked up at her for a moment, and then turned to the window again, with a yearning look at the far-off sky. " Read to me, Agnes ?" "What shall I read?" " Anything, I don't care what— thinking maddens me." Agnes turned over the handsome volumes lying near in an undecided fashion. Which should she take 1 There was philosophy and poetry in abundance, but Byron and Shelley seemed little fitted for such a time Among ail this glitter of crimson and purple and gold there lay one little black volume, with only two words in plain gilt letters across the back. Agnes took it up, and looked at It hesitatingly. There were philosophy and poetry enough here she knew well, but were they of the required kind ? That the book she had was the best no doubt; the doubt was whether he would appreciate it. " Nothing venture, nothing have," for the end she had in view Agues would have ventured much. She took the black volume and sat down. " And he showed me a pure river of water of life clear as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb." Clearly her voice pronounced the words, but no sooner had the first sentence fallen upon his ear than Mr. Carlyle's brows knit, and his eyes grew even more troubled than before. " Don't read that one, Agnes," he interrupted. " Why, papa ?" " There is nothing satisfactory in it —nothing that I can rest upon. I want something that gives a sure ground for hope. Something that less dogmatically asserts its own claim to our belief, and something that has a greater right to it" " Where shall I find it." " I know not," he replied wearily 5 " but I want something." " Do you call this dogmatical ?" She fluttered the leaves over, and then read slowly and solemnly. " ' Man dieth, and wasteth away ; Yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he V " " There it is," he cried, half starting up. " Oh, Agnes! If you could answer that question for me. If you could only convince nie that there is of is not a hereafter; ouly prove to me whether the spirit dies with the body, or whether there is another world. I have read this book, which you call the Word of God—read it from Genesis to Revelation—but have failed to find in it any ground for the faith in which your mother lived and died." " Dear papa, was faith your fellowsearcher ?" " What is faith ?" " 1 The substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.' " " Ah 3 if I could see them, I could hope for their fulfilment." " ' That which we have seen why do we yet hope for ?' " quoted Agnes. "Iam hard to be convinced; read me something more, Agnes." Agnes was sad and weary and 6ick at heart, just in that mood when the recital of the woes of another seem to chime well with a note ringing in our own heart. She chose for her reading that inimitable poem, the 53rd chapter of Isaiah. " Who hath believed our report, and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed?" Hers might have been the suffering—hers the disappoiutment, for the tone of pain in her voice ; and there was something more than mere credulous believing in the sound of those words as thy fell from her lips :— " For he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him; aud by His stripes are we healed." Surely the Spirit of God watches over his own words; and I believe that man is often convinced, not so much by the reader, or even the words themselves, as by the influence of that Spirit. Was that same Spirit hovering that night over the spirit of the sick man that those words fell so healingly on his ear ? All! there was yet balm in Gilead; the Divine Physician had not yet departed therefrom; aud could Agnes Carlyle have seen into his heart she would have felt less hopelessly cast down when at her father's request she closed the book, and left the bedside. She turned down the lamp, and parting the heavy window curtains, she sat down between them and gazed into the wild night—wild it was by this time, for the elements seemed battling with each other in mad fury. Quickly Agnes's thoughts travelled back to the time when on such nights as this a gentle hand was upon her head, soft lips pressed to her brow, and a sweet voice told her of One who had stilled the tempest in its raging. c Oh, mother, mother!" she murmured sadly, "if you were only with me now." Poor child, had she so soon forgotten that an earthly mother, even when by our side, is far less near than a heavenly Father? She can ouly be outwardly near, while He is forever within and around us. If we could only remember that always within and around was help j the most powerful, succor which is allsufficient, what need we care though i winter storms around us rave," and though the clouds upon our sky have no silver lining to them; though the thunder peal of desolation, and the lightning flash of bereavement leave us utterlyalone ? Agnes Carlyle was a Christian; but, like every other Christian, she was apt to forget her best ground of comfort and consolation. Like every other thinking human being, she was apt at times to look despairingly on life and life's affairs. Not that Agnes was by any means one of the doubting and desparing sort, who seem to catch at any and everything as a promising rock whereon to wreck the frail b-irque of their faith and trust. That kind of professor always impresses me with the idea that he is only waiting a fair opportunity to strike his colors, and give a bloodless victory to the Prince of Darkness. He only wants an excuse, no matter how trivial, for turning over lo the other side. It may be an unfulfilled prophecy, or two passages in the Bible wliich do not seem to agree, or any other thing whatsoever, so it will only serve as an excuse. Very different from this class is that one wliich, gifted with a naturally enquiring and somewhat sceptical turn of mind, sets to work, to examine, and judge of, and weigh everything fur itself. Every passage in the Bible is sifted to the bottom, prophecy is compared wilh prophecy. Not a single shade of coloring but examined with a critic's eyes. " Can you prove it," is perpetually on their lips. I hare heard this expression my self many and many a time, and have seen the look of almost triumph with which it has been uttered, when I knew bfyond doubt that the person who uttered it would have given the world could the point in question have been proved to his or her satisfaction. To those who know them not such persons seem, to be wilful unbelievers, whereas they are in reality earnest seekers after truth. Erring they.may be misguided, perhaps, in many things; but true seekers nevertheless. And all this done, not as is supposed to prove the Bible false, but to prove for themselves that the Biole is God's eternal truth. Bear with them ye who have stronger faith—bear with them long aud patiently, for they suffer more than you can even conceive. Agnes Carlyle belonged to neither of these classes Neither blindly credulous nor critically doubtful, there was in her nature a spring of trustfulness, which rendered her less liable to be swayed by atheistical principles. Well for her, perhaps, in the position iu which she was placed that it was so, well for her that, though she lived to understand things for herself, aud act upon her own open-eyed judgment, she did not need to understand Greek and Hebrew before she could give credence to Bible state ments, [To be continued in our next. ] 