IT is a fatal error in logic to prove too bhh& ; and tbe remark applies to methods of reasoning on the daily affairs of baman life aa well as to abstract argument. The cause assigned for any given effect most never In more, than a sufficient canse; otherwise the process of connection'is lost altogether. This principle is so wellnnderetood that any andience or pnblic meeting, composed of persons who have never studied a single rale of the logic <5f the nmvsreitias la their lives, will at once laagh .down a speaker wbo attempts to palm off on them the fallacy of the too-comprehensive cause. Tor example, there is no donbt at all that bad government is the parent of very many evils in a State'; bnt tbe hnmblest intellect in the community nnderstsnds n^ell enough that every evil men endure does not result from bad government. On the other hand, certain effects are complex, in their nature, and are the results of a number of concanent causes. It Is equally a fallacy in reasoning to single out one of those cau8es, «iid to assign & as the sole cause of the complex effect. For example, tte spread of SbciaGatnln the counWes of 'Europe Is a complex evil, resulSng from a combination of causes, both sodal and politieal, amongst. which .despotic government is iiot the single And snffiaentrcause of Sodalism, although it is qnite euppossAjs that, in given 'Srcumstanoes, such result might flotr from it. Thos, we -learn from tile latest'talegrams; that tiie emjnre! of Sosda U at. ths r juesent ,, time «ctu»lly in a state of siege, arinag from ^he toTor which the sntborftiea feet at the sptead_of Nihilism-and the pie- ^alence •of asMfinatjoni iior can tore be any doabt that one most powraful cause of that dreaded system's existence is the despotism nnder which the Russian people live; but no error would be greater, for all that, than to refer the existence and expansion of Nilhilism to the absolote system of government established in the empire since fint it* "became a great power . in Europe. Here we have two very common forms of fallacy painted oat—those of the excessive aid tbe inadequate effect. In all right and honest logic—in all fair reasoning—the cause specified for any effect muBt be both the sufficient and the aoie cause. We should apologise to onr . readers for inflicting this brief esBsy on tbe elements of reasoning npon them,- if it were not a fact that these two forms of false logic are duly attempted to -be palmed off on the public by leading Opposition journals. In order to make out a strong case agaanBt the Miui&tiy;, they are charged with being the cause of evils for which they are in no way responsible; and they are further charged with a deliberate design to create those evils for some nlterior purpose. Both allegations are without any foundation. They are pure fallacies, trumped up to serve a very censurable party purpose. We find it -asserted in print, for instance, that there is a complaint of want of employment in the metropolis, and thiB complaint is verified by the publication .of a single anonymooa -.letter in a Melbourne journal. Of course there is a long and serious sermon preached from this very slight and doubtful text, the drift of wbich is that tbe Ministry are mainly, if not wholly, responsible for the alleged state of things. To justify this serious accusation, a most exaggerated streBB is laid on some words spoken, or said to be spoken, by certain members of the-Ministry months' ago, in the very heat of the political struggle through which we have just passed. Meanings are given to wonls that they were never meant to bear; sentences are garbled, and torn from their connection ; and, in short, every form of verbal perversion is brought into use to patch op a case. Now, it does not require the intellectual and logical force of a MILL or a WHATELY to perceive, at a glance, that—even supposing the wordcaHeged to be uttered had been so ottered, and bore all tbe malicious force of meaning that it is attempted to put upon them—the cauBe assigned for the asserted lack of employment in Melbourne would still be a most ridiculously inadequate one. Something was said, by somebody, at some place, - at some time or. other, and therefore the demand, for - labor ceases I This is really too preposterous a piece of nonsense even for a leading Opposition journal to palm off npon its readers. It quite passes all serious refutation. To lay such an enormous weight of consequences upon,a few. verbal expressions is about equal, in point of practical wisdom, to the old joke, that the actions of a political party ^ in the old country had " Made the I,nddites and tbe prices rite, And filled the butchers' shops with big Vine flies." | : - We recommend our Constitutional contemporaries to revise their rnles of logic, and to cease their vain efforts to persuade their readers that concrete effects of a very important kind spring from purely verbal and trifling causes. Such reasoning merely discredits their own intelligence. It is an example of the donble fallacy in logic—the cause assigned is both excessive and inadequate. Any audience in any village in any part of Victoria would scout it as absurd. We mnBt add, that we are not - sure that there really exists the lack of employment in Melbourne respecting wbich complaint is made. Bat if there be, it is plainly due to the bad harvest and the dull times, the latter being universal. The Ministry are no more responsible for it than they are for tbe existence of ice in the polar regions On the other hand, their promptitude in setting the Great International Exhibition scheme in operation, their zeal in the promotion of many large pnblic works, their assiduous attention to every department of administration, and -tbeir resolute efforts to promote settlement on the lands, are all proofs that they are doing tbeir very best to prevent lack of employment throughout tbe country. Further than this, their most energetic friends have no need to defend their conduct. Full particulars with reference to the stoppage of tbe Australian and European Bank, together with a lengthy report of the meeting of shareholders held yesterday, will be found published in another portion of to-day's Courier. At tbe meeting of the Water Commission last night, tbe report of the law committee, which will be found elsewhere'in our columns, came up for consideration. Commissioner Ferguson asked if tbe contractors had ever made as oSex to the commission to settle the matter on payment -of-a certain fixedsum. Tbe chairman then positively stated that tbe contractors never, to bis knowledge, made any overtures either to the commissioner tbe law committee, nor did they make any demand for. payment until they served .a writ on the commission for £40,000. Commissioner Robertson then asked at what time the bill of .particulars bad been famished by the contractors to the law committee. The chairman replied not until the commission's counsel made a legal demand for it, when one was furnished, but afterwards withdrawn and replaced by one for a -smaller amount. The latter one, tbe chairman said, came so late that it was with the greatest difficulty possible that the gentlemen engaged in the case could get it up to time. Commissioner Robertson then enquired if the chairman had heard a very general rumor to .the effect that the foreman of the jury, before the witnesses for the defence were' pnt in the box, had expressed bis or the jury's intention to give a verdict for the plaintiffs on every count. The chairman, considering die delicacy of tbe question, and the numberless minors current concerning the case, declined to answer the question. Commissioner Ferguson expressed himself as perfectly satisfied, and moved tbe adoption of the report. The commissioners generally -spoke in the highest terms df the labors of the law committee, . and the manner it bad performed its wearisome and disagreeable duties. The law committee, was then formally re-appointed, and empowered to deal with the legal business of the commission. During the consideration of the report, it was also stated that then was not a particle of troth in the rumor that the Government was supplying the commission with money to carry on tbe case. The Bloomfidd State School, No.1719, waa yesterday officially opeoed by ibe Hon. Major Smith, who. took the opportunity of fully dealing with the education question and explaining his intentions with regard to the classification of teachers and the affiiliation of the Schools of Mines and Technological schools with State education. . A report appears in another column. Tbe June sittings of the Court of Mines concluded yesterday about half-past one o'clock, hie Henor-giving a verdict for the defendants in the case of Williams and' others t Serjeant and others. Major Smith will attend at the Sebastopol town hall this morning, at eleven o'clock, to receive a deputation of miners resident in the locality, ask-, log that-tiie auriferous ground on the east side of Albert street be only granted In small blocks, nnder miners' rights,instead of the large area appliedfor onleaise. - - - 'A rather amusing Incident, whidj seems topoint to the .probable aspiration of a. certain! Eastern councillor to - Parliamentary honors, occurred at the meeting of the Water Commission last night. A deputation.from the Bnngareeshire Council waited «h the commission to make an application concerning soma financialquestion, and It B-airewlvedto hear the deputation in committee. The reporters present were requestedby- the chfiirman not rto take note of the proceedings, and the bmdnen "was about to be dealt with, when Commissioner. Sobertson said::—"Mr Chairman— I ask that the gallery may tie deared. Then ars strangers in the House." 'A'dranaticwave of the .dboncOlofiB exnepointed out tliB lutusKn as' the strangers.; The chairman wae,.6f .course, obliged .to request tbe'acribes to withdraw; and the' commiMioDar'f ept(tei opinion of the majesty of tbe commission's dignity'liavjiit been property shpwn to the mett&etssl; ibfi ^resl. -the question—with wbich they were fully acquainted—was dUcusied in their absence. Ordinary people, looking with . the lights given them, might not have seen the " gallery;" and a stern attention to tbe custom of naming places would have called the " House" an offio^but—what's iu a name j> - We see that amongst the shareholders of the AnatnliaD and Euro peas Bank, tbe following are resdeets of thb district:—The Ber. G. 6. Allaoby, Ballarat; Miea E. H. Beroer, Creiwick; Mis* Jane Black, Clanes; Mr Elijah Booty, Creawick; Mr Wo. Brad j, Miner treat; Mr G. S. Bams, Durham; Mr John Dale, Ballant; Mr Henry Gtenny, Ballarat East; Mr J. H'Kenrie, Ballarat; Mr John M'Leod, Ballarat; Mr T. Stanton, Clones; Mr W. &. White, Rok&wood.; Some excitement wu caused in Lydiard street, yesterday morning, by the appearance of a police - man in full chase of a woman towards the railway station. It appeared that the female was an unfortunate lunatic, who had been brought from Rose Hill for admission into an asylum, and whose hallucination was that the police were in quest of her for the murder of her children. She was ultimately captured near the railway crates, and on being brought before the medical officers for examination was forwarded to the Eew asylum. At the meeting of the Water Commission last night, it was decided to insist upon all pablic institutions supplied from the mains having meters attached to the servise-pipes. Mr David Gaunson, MX.A^ is announced to address his constituents at Ararat next Tuesday evening. Tbe question of conserving tbe supply of water in tbe reservoirs arose at the meeting of the Water Commission last night, when it was determined thst in the event of no heavy rains falling shortly, to stop the supplies to the mines m fourteen days. The reports of the officers and some of the commissioners, showed that though a good stream of water was running into the reservoirs, It was not equal to '-the rolume running - out, and consequently' economic measures were absolutely necessary. Steps are being -taken to prevent excessive consumption and waste. Commissioner Brophy stated that as the supply bad ran short during tbe summer, it would be as well to consider- the advisability of bringing the water from the Devil's Creek into the reservoirs by means of a race. A gentleman, whom he did not name, he said, had authorised bim to offer to make such a race for the sum of .£5000. He therefore gave notice of motion to the effect that the engineer be instructed to draw np a report on the advisability of constructing a race from Devil's Creek to the reservoirs. A correspondent writes:—" A most laughable instance of ( tbe biter bit' came under my notice yesterday. In a primitive village not 100 miles from Ballarat, the failure of the Australian and European Bank was reported as having reference to the Bank of Australasia.- A Highland laddie, with the astuteness tofb'is nation, immediately oh the receipt of the news examined the notes in his cash-box, aad finding a Bank of Australasia note there, at once required some goods from a neighboring storekeeper, who, scenting danger, refused tbe note. The holder of the note determined bot to be saddled with it. He mounted his serving boy on horseback, aad sent him to a hostelry some miles farther on, telling him to have a drink and bring -back the change. This was done, and 19s 6d change retained to the owner, who chuckled over his good fortune,' and in the goodness of his heart treated his boy to a more than usually good sapper. Jttdge of oar Highland laddie 1 * chagrin when be iouDd next morning that he had gone to all this trouble and expense in order to get rid of a note which was literally *as safe as the bank.'" Commissioner Wilson gave notice last night, at the meeting of the Water Commission, that he would move at tbe next meeting that tbe regutatin allowing water to miners at per 1000 gallons be rescinded. The (excursion by the State school children of Ballarat East, with tbeir teachers and lrienda, took place on Thursday, the special train leaving the Eastern station at tsix e.tB~ and returning at aboat eleven o'clock in tbe evening. Tbe band of State school No. 34 also accompanied tbe excureionista, together with Mr John James, M T. A T Mr Bossell, chairman of the board of advice, and several other members of tbe board. After visiting the Exhibition, the Ballarat East Board of Advice and a number of the bead teachers of the school invited several of the leading citizens of Sandhurst to take luncheon with them at the Shamrock hotel at three o'clock. Mr Bussell presided, and was supported on his right by Mr B. Clark, MX. A., and on his left by Mr John James, member for Ballarat East Tbe usual loyal toasts were duly honored, after which 44 The Parliament of Victoria," "The Sandhurst Board of Advice," and " The health of tbe Ballarat visitors," were proposed and duly responded to. Hie motion of Commissioner Bobertson, that no water be allowed to run into the Ink? from Kirk's and the Gong Gong, unless the bywashes at those reservoirs were running, over, was considered at the Water Commission meeting last night. The commissioner held that the recent shortness of supply was occasioned by the running of a large volume of water into the lake from tbe dams. It was pointed out, however, that the present high level of the lake was due to tbe millions of gallons daily sent into it from tbe City of Ballarat daim. It wu also shown that there was already a' regulation concerning the running of water into the lake, and that the chairman had power to stop the supply whenever be thought fit. In view of this tbe commissioners generally did not see any necessity for tbe motion; and when it was put, only three commissioners —Messrs Bobertson, Phillips, and Williams—voted for it, consequently it was lost. The monthly meeting of the Town Mission committee was held in Summerscales' art gallery yesterday evening, when there were present—Mr David Ham (in the chair;, and Messrs Wbl Little, D. Cooke, J. S. Kelly, J. Whitehead, J. Summer-' scales, S. Bo niton, J. Alexander, and M. Hoaking. The report of mission work for the month was read by tbe missionary, showing 47 services and meetings held, and 68 visits made in domestic visitation. The sum of £14 7s had been contributed specially for the poor- fund, and £14 16s had been distributed in relieving really necessitous cases. Arrangements were made for tbe mission anniversary to be held on the 29th and 30th June. Mr Whitehead having some time ago severed his connection with the' Mission Sabbath school, the teachers and scholars, through their superintendent, Mr Boulton, presented him with a writingdesk, as a memento of their appreciation of his past valuable services. We have received for the Shreenan family, Cobblers, Sebastopol, £4, collected by Mrs Clemens, of Spring Hill, Creawick. Mr Maconochie has obligingly furnished us with the comrlete roll, as now made np, for the Ballarat West division. June, 1879—Ratepayers, 3680; general roll, 753; supplementary, 252; total, 4685. The numbers at Jnne, 1878. were:— Ratepayers, 3736; general rolL 1249: supplementary, 15; total, 6000. • The ssuil fortnightly meeting of the Dawson Street-Mntaal Improvement Society waa held last Thursday evening. ITrve candidates were elected and four were proposed. On account of the' absence from Ballarat of the essayist, the paper on "Tbe structure of flame" was postponed till next meeting. Readings and recitations were given by several of the members. We have received a copy, fromMr Vale, of Sturt street, of tbe new weekly comic paper just started in Melbourne, entitled Sam Slick. It is the same size as PuncA, and bears a striking resemblance to that periodical. Tbe illustrations, however, appear as supplements, or inserts, instead of as in tbe case of Punch, being included in the body of the paper. The reading matter is humorous, without being abusive; and in this respect it is a decided improvement on its rival. The paper is printed in good-sized readable type, and is altogether a very interesting and creditable production. The publishers are Messrs A. H. M».rnn and Co., of Melbourne. Tenders are invited this morning, by the Minister of Education, for the erection of wooden schools at Swan water North and Witchipool West. Particalars will be found in our advertising colutnna. \- A meeting of tbe creditors in the estate of Mr James O'fiehir, late of Leigh Creek, deceased, will be held at Bropby's hotel, next Monday afternoon, at four o'clock. The answer to " An Old Subscriber's 4 " question is, the Duke of Cumberland. 1 W. G. J." most work out the calculation "himself, as we do not answer school questions. Bishop Thornton will preach an ordination sermon in Christ Church on Sunday next, at eleven o'clock service, and the Hev. William Kfldahl will preach at evening service. Our advertising columns this .morning contain tbe programme to be rendered by D'Arcy Bead's *' Ghost^and company at the Alfred Hall on Monday evening. A meeting will be held at the George hotd, Haddou, this evening at eight o'clock, to consider which *ill^>e the best track to convey water to the .township.- Councillors for the north riding of GrenviDeshire are requested to attend. A large quantity of fisharrived in Ballarat from Portland last evening; and, as will be seen by our advertiring colnmns. the pnblic will, have an oppbrtunity to-day of purchasing aU varieties bdow .tbe ordinary rate*. ' Relerring to the exdtement of Thursday, the jlje aayB:—'"The supply of. gold appears <o be quite a officiant .to • meet every .demand -likely to arise. 'The Bank of New South Wales alonelxrids half 'a-*nfllion sterling in its coffera,-whilst other large institutions are also well 'in ftmds. Under these drcums tances "there need be no alarm felt at the present position of matters, sad no donbt In a few days it will be claar that Thursday's extite- onent was doe to a w.int of proper appreciation of the actual causes which led to tbe suspension of the Australian and Enn^pean Bank." It having been found (fttmarim the SVevrapAi that notices, circulars, partly printea ana partly written, are frequently, ported fcpen,and bearing only a penny postage Jtamp, tbe senders being apparently nnder the impnastion that sucb documents may be forwarded as packets, the attention of tbe public is requested to the regula-, tions, which direct no packet may contain " any letter, nor any communication of tbe nature of a letter, whether separate or otherwise, unless tbe whole of such letter or communication be printed. An invoice or trade account may be eent as a packet, provided nothing whatever in tbe nature of a communication is added thereto. Attention is sbo called to the condition which requires every packet to be without a cover, et in ft cover entirely open at one or both of the ends, or • one or both of the sides, so as to admit of the contents being easBy withdrawn. for examination. In. all cases where the regulations are not complied a with, the letter rate is chargeable, and double tbe | deficient postage will be collected on delivery." Tbe Minister of Railways (says the Age) contemplates forwarding to the Victorian court of the Sydney Exhibition a^ number of interesting exhibits of railway material and inventions which can be obtained out of the yard stores of the department.' -The exhibits would afterwards be exhibited in the Melbourne International Exhibition of 1880. Only articles of purely colonial manufacture are intended to be included in these exhibits, a great number of wbich have been made' from designs prepared by officers -of tbe department, and exclusively in use upon the Victorian liaei. No expense need be incurred in the manufactureof any of these articles, as they could be supplied by tbe department out of its stock in the workshops and storeyards. It is believed tbat a most interesting collection can be got together, which would, in fact, do credit to-the railway department of any European nation. Tbe Minister has caused enquiries to be made as to tbe probable cost ef transmission to Sydney, and as soon as this has been ascertained a decision will be arrived at. In all probability tbe Minister will ask Parliament for a small sum of moneyrw herewith to defray tbe expense of sending the proposedjexhibits to the Syd ney Exhibition. Another proof (says the Geelong Adcertiserfrd the value of the wattle, commercially, has been afforded by Mr Bates, of the Dock Ponds, who has this year sold to the Railway Department seed to tbe value of £22, obtained from some trees on bis property. This yield is considered y^ry prolific and profitable, the- variety being the best of all, known as the " golden wattle." These seeds have been supplemented by a quantity, valued at £100-, sent to the Lara station to be sown along the line of railway from tbe Stony Rises, near tbe Little River, to the old Cowie's Creek railway station, on ground which was ploughed and prepared last year. The seed sown near Birregurra last year is springing up splendidly, aiid it is reported tbat when tbe whole railway lines are ihns girded on each side by belts of growing timber—as it is anticipated tbey will be—a new source of income will not only be added to the Railway Department, but the rain clouds will be attracted, and increased fertility follow the greater amount of rainfall. Tbe following outrage is recorded by tbe 4 er— "Mary Ann Williams and Jessie Smith were brought before the city court on Thursday charged with being vagrants. The girls appeared to be respectable in appearance, and Senior-constable O'Meara got into tbe box and stated that information had been received from "Ballarat tbat tbey -bad absconded from their homes. He, with Constable Herbert, found tbe girls in a house of illfame in Romeo lane, and tbeir investigation of the case led them to euppoae that an attempt had been made to cause tbe giris to live a life of infamy. It appears tbat after tbey left Ballarat they came to Melbourne to seek situations, and whilst so engaged a woman named Mary Ann Crew met tbem and took them into an infamous den in Romeo lane, representing that they would obtain comfortable lodging there. Once in the den, all sorts of inducements were held out to ruin die girls. 'Attempts were made to induce them to consort with CbinameD, opium and money were offered them, but they refused. The doors of the bouse were dosed t) prevent their escape;, but fortunately for tbem the plain-clothes police visited the den in which tbey were imprisoned and rescued Ihrn. The bench remanded the girls for a week, to permit of tbe police taking proceedings, against tbe occupiers of the house in which tbey were confined." . The curator of intestate estates (says tbe Argus has obtained a rale to administer the estate of the following :—Thomas Patterson, Waterloo, near Beaufort, 4tb May, 1879, £66 19s. As an evidence (says the TeUgragK) of tbe extensive run that was made upon the City of Melbourne Bank on Thursday, we may state that the clerks paid over the counter no less £28,000 in coin, besides a large amount, of money in notes.. A meeting of shareholders and depositors in the Provincial and Suburban Bank was held (says the Age) on Thursday night at Dandenong. Mr Mason, M.L A., addressed them, and expressed an opinion, after an examination of the bank's assete, that they would go a long way towards paying 1 twenty shillings in the pound if judiciously and properly realised. He trusted, however, that the liquidation of the bank would be kej»t in the hands of those who bad a personal interest in the matter, and not allowed to go into the Insolvency Court or tbe offices of professional accountants. A vote of thanks, on the motion of Mr H. Powis, seconded by Mr Rosling, was passed to Mr Mason, and assurances of support were given bim in his candidature as liquidator. It is probable (says the Telegraph) that tbere will be a vacancy in the Legislative Assembly within the next few days, in consequence of a certain staunch supporter of the Government, representing a suburban constituency, being in financial difficulties. It is now definitely known (says the Argus) that tbe detective authorities have succeeded in ascertaining that none of tbe £5000 stolen from the Avoca ever left the colony, and that there is scarcely any doubt bnt that Mr E'liston had no connection with the robbery whatever. Tbe authorities have very good reason to believe that they know where the money is at the present time,- but tbey will be unable to take any decisive steps in the matter until they are in possession of further proof as to the correctness of their surmise. The representatives of the Provincial and Suburban Bank (says the' Age) have submitted a proposition to the Minister of Railways, that the contractors for the Gippsland line, Messrs Wright and Htggins, be allowed to retire from their contract, their place to be filledby Messrs Stoneman and Blair—two gentlemen who are interested in the undertaking, and who it is proposed shall proceed with tbe completion of the contract Negotiations on the subject are now bring carried on between the department and the directors of the bank, bnt no satisfactory result has yet be?n arrived at. A great deal of work remains to be done upon the" contract, which baa been carried out so far in a manner not at all satisfactory to the department. • The J*. C. New* regrets to state that a serious football accident occurred on the reserve on Thursday afternoon, the victim in this case being Mr P. C. Smith, of -the firm of T. Y. Smith and Co., watchmakers. &c.;, who is the hon. secretary of tbe Stawell Football Club. It appears that daring the progress of a scratch match between sides chosen by T. IUide and E. Simpson, Mr Smith was playing on tbe wing, and during a scuffle for the ball he was thrown violently to tbe ground, with his left leg partly doubled underneath him. He felt tbe leg giving way, and upon endeavoring to rise from the ground fonnd himself enable to do so. A cab was at once sent for, and the sufferer was removed to hii father's residence at Cornish Town. Tbe services of Dr Syme were called into requisition, and upon examination it was found that the small boneof the left leg. immediately above the ankle, was fractured. /Tbe necessary appliances were at once obtained and tbe bone replaced. We understand tbat the accident is likely to incapacitate Mr Smith from following bis profession for tome time, and much sympathy is felt for him in consequence. - 