AMERICA. DEATH. OF BISHOP BOSEC1UNS. The Bishop of Columbus died suddenly on the 21st, of hemorrhage of the lungs, occasioned by over-exertion at the consecra tion of the new cathedral. 'We take the following short sketch of his life from the Cincinnati Enquirer : Right Rev. S. II. R.oseerans, Bishop of Columbus, Ohio, was born at Homer, lick ing County, Ohio, on February 5. 1827. His parents were Crandell and Jane (Hopkins) Roseerans, aud both came from Wilkes barre, Pa. His Father followed agricultural pursuits, and also engaged in contracts for public works. In the Bishop's veins flowed eminently patriotic blood, his mother being a granddaughter of Timothy Hopkins who signed the Declaration of In dependence. He was educated at Ken yon College, Ohio, where he was a classmate of President Hayes, and at St. John's, Fordham, JS'ew York, graduating from the latter in 181-:-. After graduating, feeling impelled to the priesthood, he went to Rome to study theology at the Propaganda, where he remained five years. He was ordained priest in Rome in July, 1852, and returned at once to his native land, where he began to exercise the priestly office at the cathedral in Cincinnati. In the discharge of his dtity he continued_for- two years, becoming also Professor of Theology in Mount St. Mary's Seminary and editor of the Catholic Tele graph, On. March. 2-5, 1362 he vr as con secrated Auxiliary Bishop of Cincinnati and rendered efficient aid in the administration ci the diocese until 1889. In that year Columbus having been erected into a separate diocese, he was transferred to that city, being installed on March 3, 1868. Since entering upon this important charge he was carried through many important undertakings, among which may be mentioned the buildiDg of a fine cathedral, at a cost of about 3150,000, the establishment, in 1874, of orphan asylums at Pomcroy and Columbus. In 1870 he devoted much time to the superintendence of the Sisters' Seminary of St. Aloysius, designed for higher and theological studies. He came of a Protestant family, but became a Catholic in 1845, while a student at Kenyon College. This it was which led to the transfer of his scholastic His mother joined the Catholic Church, before her death, but las fathur did not. General Rosecrans. brother o£ the bishop, was converted while a professor at West Point, and it was partly through his influence that the bishop became a neophyte. The bishop was greatly beloved in his diocese, ? . and wielded a large influence for good out side of the pale of the Church. Only the day before his untimely death the cathedral, which will be one of his monuments, was cousecrated to the service of God and of the Church, of which he was too valued and valiant a soldier to be easily spared in the prime of his usefulness. A CORPSE SIX YEARS IN THE UNITED STATES . BROUGHT OVER TO IRELAND. The remains of a man who was buried six years ago in the United States, passed through Ballinasloe recently, and were in- terred in Kilbegley graveyard. Sixteen years ago there dwelt a family named Kil- duff in the parish of Moor, convenient to the town. The times were none of the best, and 'Mickey,' the 'movin' spirit ' of this tale, and the heads of the Kilduff, thought it best to emigrate, and so parted as best he could with the bit of ground, gathered the family group around him, and with them emigrated to New York. In a little time the Kilduff s settled down in Brooklyn. Ten years rolled hy and time laid its heavy hand on old ' Mickey ' Kilduff, old age weighed down his enfeebled frame, and he had to lie on his bed of sickness. Feeling grim death approaching, the old mail called his son to his bedside and be- sought him to convey his remains to the "dear old land," and lay his bones beneath the sod in Kilbegley churchyard, the village burial ground. The old man died, but his child thought.it was mere fancy proceeding from dotage which made his father prefer the strange request, and considering the immense trouble and utter absurdity of com- plying with it, he determined not to heed it, aud buried the deceased in Brooklyn. After the interment the son was deprived of his rest at night by strange, unnatural noises in the house, and his belief was, and it is still his impression, that the place was haunted by his father's ghost. Cir- cumstances, it appears, prevented Kil- duff, junior, from obeying his father's dying wish until a short time ago, when fortune favouring he had the remains dug up, placed in an oak collin, and the whole enclosed in long narrow box, covered with galvanized-iron or zinc, and put on board a homeward-bound ship. On Monday evening, at five o'clock Kilduff and his father's remains passed through Ballinasloe. The coffin was placed beneath the sod in Kilbegley, and Kilduff is narrating in his native village to wondering listeners the story of his father's ghost. ' Mickey' was a well- known Ribbonman at the time of the "scare " in Ireland. Many of the inhabitants here could scarcely be lieve that the long box brought through Ballinasloe by the stranger held his father's bones till they saw it lowered into its narrow home.— Irish Times. MULLEIN CURES CONSUMPTION. A correspondent of i)w Lcviuc/lou .'Prat* writes as follows about tho (lower 'of a woll known plant :— ' I have discovered a remedy for consumption. It has cured a number of cases after they had commenced bleeding at the lungs and the hectic Hush, was already on the cheek. After trying this remedy to my own satisfaction I have thought philanthropy required that I should let it. be known to the world. It is common mullein steeped' strongly and sweetened with coffee sugar, and drunk freely. Young or old plants are good dried in the shade and kept, in clean bags. The medicine must lie continued from three to six months, according to the nature of the disease. It is very good for the blood vessels also. It strengthens and builds up the system instead of taking away the strength ; it makes good blood, and takes in flammation away from the lungs. It is the wish of the writer that every periodical in the United States, Canada, and Europe should publish this receipe for the benelit of the human family. Lay this by and keep it in the house ready for ust. 