;7 AMUSEMENTS:' SKATING ENTBKTAINMENT.-Lillie, "Queen of Skates," and "Professor Taylor, gave the first of a series of skating entertainments in the large room of tho TownHall on Monday night Bot h performers are very ai^oinpltaheu -skaters, Kit*! their feats are both graceful and asLouUhuig. F, gure and eccentric skating mid dancing on skates, .were * all equally .well, done, und each''tevit' was loudly app utidud. in the course.of the entertainment Professor Taylor wielded jlhe Indian clubs, aiv' did some remarkable things with them. In the interval?, during^vhiuh tI»"A purforinera rested themselves, amateurs, for whpni skates were provided, dis ported themselves mure or less gracefully, and to tho amusement'oradmiratiouof the audience according to their proficiency. Tho eveniug concluded with a time race by amateurs, for a medal, given by "1-iIlie," Master Murk Davis proving the winner. This race involved several tumbles and collisions, and caused roars of laughter. . The performance was repeated on Tuesday evening.. Secern] anmteura again dtsporiod tlnmselvos for the amuse ment of the onlookers, amongst thom beiug a few , who ' evidently had never donneti skates before, and . tho contortion* undergone by these in their not always, successful efforts to maintain their equilibrium, gave rise to a great deal of unsympathising la ghter The race for a medal at the eud of tho evening, was very keenly contested. Tho prize fell to tho successful candu ate ef tho previous evoning, Mr. l?av,is. . Professor Taylor -has received a letter from .the agents for lotting tho Town Hall, stating that as the floor of tho room used is found to bear fkato mark*, tho performance must bo confined to the skating of Mr. Taylor and Lillie. .As such an arrangement would materially interfere with the success of tho entertainment, it has been dccided to give no more performances until aeuitablo roomhasbeen sccnrod elsewheio in the town. Oaulton'S GHOST ^-This eutertninmcnt was repeated on Saturday evening. The audience was a fair one, ard expressed satisfaction with tho "performance. The ehost effects' tiro well woithv of a vifit. Bi sides the ghost there is a jtetite cmetiw company who add variety to the evening. 