[?] Sir Gibbie. By GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. (Author of 'David Elginbrod,' ' Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood,' &c.;, &c.;) (Tbe right of publication in Australia has been purchased bv the proprietors of the Sydney Hail.] Chapter XX.— The Ambvbh. For more reasonB than one Fergus judged it prudent to tell not even auntie Jean of Me intention : but waiting until *he house was quiet, stole softly from his room and repaired to the kitchen — at the other end of the long straggling' bouse, where he sat down, and taking his book, an « Tinny) of.tfce beginning of the century, began to Tead the story of ??KathedandEnreUa.'* Having finished, he read another. Be read and read but no brownie came. His candle burned iato the rocket. He lighted another, and read again. Still no brownie appeared, and, hard and straight as was the wooden chair on which he sat, he began to doze. Presently ? ? he started wide awake, fancying he heard a noise : but nothing was there. He raised his book once more, and read until he had finished the stories in it : for the verses he had no inclination that night. As soon as they were all con sumed, he began to feel very eerie: his courage had been sheltering itself behind his thoughts, which the talcs he had been reading had kept turned away from the object of dread. Still deeper and deeper grew the night around him, until the bare soulless wasteof it came at last, whe.i a brave man might welcome any ghost for the life it wo aid bring. And ever as it came, the tide of fear flowed more rapidly, until at last it ro&e; over his heart, and threatened to stifle him. The direst foe of courage is the fear itself, not the object of it ; and the Hian who can overcome hie own terror is a hero and more. In this Fergus had not yet deserved to be successful. That kind of victor}' conies'only of faith. Still, he did not fly the field , he was no coward. At the rame time, prizing courage, scorning fear, and indeed dis believing in everj* nocturnal object of terror except robbers, be came at last to such an all abandonment of dread, thst be dared not look over his shoulder, lest he should see the brownie standing at his back. He would rather be »'izcd from behind and strangled in his hairy grasp, than turn and die of the seeing. The night was dark — no moon and many clouds. Not a sound came from the close. The cattle, the horses, the pigs, the cocks and hens, the very cats and rats seemed asleep. There was not a rustic in the thatch, a creak in the couples. It was well, for the slightest noise would have brought his heart into his mouth, and he would have been in great danger of scaring the household, and for ever dis gracing himself with a shriek. Yet he longed to hear something stir. Oh ! for the stamp of a horse from the stable or the low of a cow from the byre ! But they were all under the brownie's spi 11, and he was coming— toeless feet, and thumbed but fingi ness hands ! as if he was niada with stockings and h muWf mittens! Was it the want of toes that made him able to come and go so quietly r — Another houv crept by ; when lo, a mighty sun-trumpet blew in the throat of the black cock ! Fergus sprang to his .feet ?with the start it g-ave him — but the next moment glad ness riished apin his heart : the morning was on its way ! and, foe to superstition ii.; h? was. and much .as he had mocked at Donal for what he counted some of his tendeu cies in that direction, he began instantly to comfort himself with the old belief that all tl»ingc of the darkness flee from the crowing of the cock. The same moment his courage began to return, and the next he was laughing at his terrors, ?moT» T'**1'*'1 tu*awuen uc fdtjfliem, seeing he was the Bameman of 'fear as «fCTf; nnd the f'?0 circumstances would wrap him in the same garment «i JT? apprehension. In his folly he imagined himBelf quite ready to waiti! wl? next night without even repugnance— for it was the morning, not the night, that came first ! When the grey of the dawn appeared, he said to himself be would lie down on the bench awhile, he was so tired of sitting ; he would not deep. Be lay down, and in a mo ment was asleep. The light grew and grew, and the brownie came — a different brownie indeed from tbe one he bad pictured — with the daintiest-shaped hands and feet coming out of the midst of rags, and with no hair except xoughly parted curls over the face of a cherub — for the combing of Snowball's mane and tail had taught Gibbie to use the same comb on his own thatch. But as soon as he opened the door of the dairy* he was warned by the loud, breathing of the sleeper, and looking about, espied him on the bench, behind the table, and swiftly retreated. Tbe same instant Fergus woke, stretched himself, saw it was broad daylight, and with his brain muddled bv fatigue and sleep combined, crawled shivering to bed. Then in came the brownie again ; and when Jean Mavor entered, there was her work done as usual. Fergus was hours late for breakfast, and when he went into the common room, found his aunt alone there. ' SVeel, auntie,' he said, *' I think I fleggit yer broonie!' 'Did ye that, man? Ay!— An' syne ye set tee, an' did the wark yerseF, to save yer auntie Jean's auld banes?' ' Na, na ! I was ower diet for that. Sac wad ye hao been yersel', gien ye had sittcn up a' uicht.' ' Wha did it, than r' ' Ow, jist Tercel', I'm thinkin', auntie.' ' Never a finger o' mine was laid tilTr, Fergus. Gien ye fleggit ae broonie, anither cam ; for there's the wark dene, the same's ever!' ' Damn the cratur !' cried Fergus. ' Whisht, whisht, laddie '. he's maybe hearin' ye this mcenute. An' gien he binna, there's ane 'at is, sin' likesna sweirin'.' ' I beg yer pardon, auntie, but it's jist provokin':' re turned Fergus, and therewith recounted the tale of his night's watch, omitting mention only of his feelings throughout the vigil. * As soon as he had had his breakfast, he went to carry his report to Glashruach. The laird was vexed, and told him he must sleep well „ , before night, and watch to better purpose. ' . The next night, Fergus's terror returned in full force ; ?_ ' but he watched thoroughly notwithstanding, and when his ' aunt entered, ehe f-und him there, and her kitchen in a : juess. He had caught no brownie, it was true, but neither bad a stroke of her work been done. The floor was un ewept ; not a dish had been washed : it was churning' day, but the cream stood in the jar in the diary, not the butter in the pan on the kitchen-dresser. Jean could not quite -. - see the good or the gain of it. She had begun to feel like a '- ' lady, she said to herself, and now she must tuck up her sleeves and set to work as before. It was a come-down in \--?'-'?' - tbe world, and she did not like it. She conned her nephew little thanks, and not being in the habit of dissembling, let ? . bim feel the same. He crept to bed rather mortified. 'When \- lie woke tram a long sleep, he found no meal waiting him, ': ? #nH bad to content himself with cakesf and milk befoie '?? -_ ' setting out for 'the Muckle Hoose.' ;?;'-' '? - _ ** You mast add cunning to courage, my young friend,' . «aid Mr. Galbraith; and the result of their conference was, ' ' . ?? - ihat Fergus went borne resolved on yet another attempt. -'? V He felt much inclined to associate Donal with him in his 4I; cratch this time, but was too desirous of proving his -?''.. . -JDontage both to lAmMf and to the world, to yield to tbe .;-;'; ' . suggestion of his fear. He went to bed with a book im '?,?'_?'. jnediatedly after the noon-day meal, and rose in time for p--y'~- '?' - mapper. . - '?_-?', ._ r ? - - Inhere was a large wooden press in the kitchen, standing y¥ ??' ' !?? ????* -1 dionld be great} y obliged to anv of my readers who would ~g£: : ~ fell me where to find this fragment. &' .' ' + it «niises a Scotchman to find that the word cakes as in |E-j ':'''*??.' 4*'3%mJjmd-iif,0aie*,' is ta&en;, not only by foreigners, but by f. ^7- ':'-...' . Jg£iheJ£nglisb people — as how, indeed, should it be otherwise T — (B^! . ' ' ? fe ineBajema^ShitioPS of flour, more or less enriched, and gener £5/'-; ?? . ? ^ffj^jit^fS^f^ip r« wlmwt, in fact, it stands for the drrest sim ifeiftrS1' ; :d^^^tti&m; in tbe world. The genuine cakes is— (-Iy ||lfoii?;'' .':? ? ?grfapajsBr follows wage : cake; m broth are) — literally nothing (fit ;-: V: -? :\Jirt€a*ttwaV Bade into a dough with cold water and dried orcr llPW' ??' ~*fy p&W;*--VBBa&'ae* in front 0* it as welL out frcrn the wail : this, with the nest wall, made a little i recess, in which there was just room for a chair: and in ] that itccfis Fergus seated himself, in the easiest chair he j could get jnto it. He then opened wide the door of the | ritfFg, and it covered him entirely. This night would have been the dreariest of all for him, the l&ird; having insisted that he should watch in the dark, had he not speedily fallen fast asleep, and slept all night — to well that he woke at the first noise Gibbie made. It was broad clear niominjr, but bis heart beat so loud and fast with apprehension and curiosity mingled, that for i a few moments Fergus dared not stir, but sat listening i breathless to the movement beside him, none the less J ap]alling that it was so quiet. Recovering himself a j little he cautiously moved the door of the press, and peeped out. He saw nothing so frightful as he had, in spite of himself, anticipated, but was not therefore, perhaps, the less astonished. Tbe dread brownie of his idea shrunk to a tiny rsjrped urchin, with a wonderful head of hair, azure eyes, and deft hands, noiselessly bustling about on bare feet. He watched him at his leisure, watched him keenly, assured that any moment he could spring upon him. As he watched, his wonder sank, and he grew disap pointed at the collapsing of the lubber-fiend into a poor half -naked child, upon whom both his courage and his fear had been wasted. As he continued to watch, an evil cloud of anger at the presumption of the unknown minimus began to gather in his mental atmosphere, and was probably the cause of some movement by which his chair gave a 'loud crack. Without even looting round, 'Gibbie darted into the dairy, and shut the door. Instantly Fergus was after him, but only in time to see the vanishing of his last heel through the hole in the wall, and that way Fergus was much too large to follow him. He rushed from the house, and across the corner of the yard to the bam-door. Gibbie, who did not believe he had been seen, stood laughing on the floor, when suddcnlv he beard the key entering the lock. He bolted through the cat-hole — but again just one moment too late, leaving behind him on Fergus's retina the light from the soles of two bare feet. The key of the door to the rick -yard was inEide, and Fergus was after him in a moment, but the ricks came close to the barn- Ioor. and the next he saw of him was the fluttering of his rags in the wind, and the flashing of his white skin in the sun, as he fled across the clover field; and before Fergus was over the wall, Gibbie was a good way ahead towards the Lome. Gibbie was a better runner for hi6 size than Fergus, and in better training too, but, alas ! Fergus's legs were nearly twice as long as Gibbie's. The little one reached the Lome first, and dashing across it, ran up the radeof the Glashburn, with a vague idea of Glashgnr in his head. Fergus behind him was growing more and more angry as he gained upon him, but felt his breath failing him. Just at the bridge lo the iron gate to Glashruach, ho caught him at last, and sunk on the parapet exhausted. The smile with which Gibbie too much out of breath to laugh, confessed himself vanquished, would have disarmed one ?harder-hearted than Fergus, had he not lost hi6 temper in ihe dread of losing his labour ; and the answer Gibbie Tecowed to his smile was a box on the ear that bewildered Ihim. He looked pitifully in his captor's face, the smite mot yet faded from his, only to receive a box on the other ear, which, though a contrary and similiar both at once, was not a enre, and the water gathered in his eyes. Fergus, a little eased in hie temper by the infliction, and in his breath by the wall of the bridgej began to ply him with questions ; but no answer following, his wrath rose again, and again he boxed his ears — without better result. Then came the question what he was to do with the re doubted brownie, now that he had him. He was ashamed to show himself as the captor of such a miserable culprit, but the little rascal deserved punishment, and the laird would require him at his hands. He turned upon his prisoner and told him he was an impudent rascal. Gibbie had recovered again, and was able once more to smile a little. He had 'been guilty of burglary, said Fergus ; and Gibbie aniled. He couid be sent to prison for it, said Fergus: and Gibbie smiled — but this time a very grave smile. Fergus took him by the collar, which amounted to nearly a third part of the jacket, and shook him till he had half torn that third from the other two : then opened the gate, and, holding him by the back of the neck, wpu~'fi him un the drive, every now and then giving him a fierce shake that jarrea 1A* l??lh. Thus, over the old gravel, mossy and damp and grassy ,and cooi to iil£ilt'e Dare feet, between rowan and birk and pine and larch, like a malefactor, and looking every inch the outcast he was, did ;Sir Gilbert Galbraith approach the house of his ances tors for the first time. Individually, wee Gibbie was any thing but a prodigal ; it had never been possible to him to be one ; but none the less was he the type and result and representative of his prodigal race, in him now once more looking- upon the house they had lost by their vices and weaknesses, and in him now* beginning to reap the benefits of punishment. But of vice and loss, of house and fathers and punishment, Gibbie had no smallest cognition. His history was about him and in him, yet of it all he suspected nothing. It would have made little difference to him if he had known it all ; he would none the less have accepted everything that came, just as part of the story in which he found himself. CHAnEii XXI.— The Punishment. The heusehe was approaching had a little the look of a piiEon. Of the more ancient portion the windows were very small, and every corner had a turret with a conical cap' roof. That part was all rough-cast, therefore grej;, as if with age. The more modern part was built of all kinds of hard stone, roughly cloven or blasted from the mountain nnd its boulders. Granite red and grev, blue whinstone, yellow ironstone, were all mingled anyb.ow, fitness of size and shape alone regarded in their conjunctions; but the result as to colour was rather pleasing than otherwise, and Gibbie regarded it with some admiration. Nor, although he had received from Fergus such convincing proof that he was regarded as a culprit, had he any dread of evil awaiting him. The highest embodiment of the law with which he hud acquaintance was the police, and from not one of them in all the city had he ever had a harsh word ; his conscience was as void* of offence as ever it had been, and the law consequently, notwithstanding the threats of Fergus, had for him no terrors. The laird was an early riser, and therefore regarded the mere getting up early as a virtue, altogether irrespective of how the time, thus* redeemed, as he called it, was spent. This morning, as it turned out, it would have been better spent in sleep. He was talking to his gamekeeper, a heavy-browed man, by the coach- house door, when Fergus appeared, holding the dwindled brownie by the huge collar of his tatters. A more innocent-looking* malefactor sure never .appeared before awful Justice ! Only he was in rags, and there are others besides dogs whose judgments go by appearance. Mr. Galbraith was one of them, and smiled a grim, an ugly snule. ' So this is your vaunted brownie, Mr. Duff !' he said, and stood looking down upon Gibbie, as if in his small per son he saw superstition at the point of death, mocked thither by the arrows of his contemptuous wit. ' It's all the brownie I could lay hands on, sir,' answered Fergus. ' I took him in the act.' ' Boy,' said the laird, rolling his eyes, more unsteady than usual with indignation, in the direction of Gibbie, ' what have you to say for yourself S1'' Gibbie had'no say — and nothing to say that his questioner could either have* understood or believed ; the truth from bis lips would but have presented a lying hypocrite to the wisdom of his judge. As it was* he smiled, looking up fearless in the face of the magistrate, so awful in his own esteem 'What is your name?.' asked the laird, speaking yet more sternly. Gibbie still Fniiled and was silent, looking straight in his questioner's eves. He dreaded nothing from the laird. Fergus had beaten him, bnt Fergus he classed with the bigger boys who had occasionally treated him roughly; thiE was a man, and men, except they woe foreign sailors, or drunk, were never unkind. He had no idea of his silenco causing annoyance. Everybodv in the city had known he could not answer : and now wnen Fergus and the laird persisted in questioning him, he thought they were making kindly game of him, and smiled the more. Nor was there nrach about Mr. Galbraith to rouse a suspicion of the contrary ; for he made a great virtue of keeping his temper when most he caused otter people to lose theirs. ' I see the young vagabond is as impertinent as he is vicious,*' he said at last, finding that to no interrogation could he draw forth any oiher response than a smile. ' Here, Angus,' — and he rurrsed to the gamekeeper — ' take him into the coach-house, and teach him a little behaviour. A touch or two of the whip will find his tongue ft-rhins.' Angus seized the little gentleman by the neck, as if he had teen a polecat, and at arm's length walked him un resistingly into the coach-house. There, with one vigorous tug, he 'tore the jacket from his back, and his only other gaiment. dependent thereupon by some device known only to Gibbie, fell from him, and he stood in helpless nakedness, smiling still : he had never done anything shameful, therefore had no acquaintance with shame. But when the scowling keeper, to whom poverty was first cousin to poach ing, and who hated tramps as hehated vermin, approached him with a heavy cart whip in his hand, he cast his eyes down at his white side, very_ white between his brown arms and brown legs, and then lifted them in a mute appeal, which somehow looked as if it were for somebody else, against what he could no longer fail to perceive the man's intent. But he had no notion of what the thing threatened amounted to. He had had few hard blows in his time, and had never felt a whip. ' Ye deii's glaur !'' cried the fellow, clenching the cruel teeth of one who loved not his brother. ' Is' lat ye ken what comes o' brakin' into honest hooses, an' takin' what's no yer ain !' A vision of the gnawed cheese, which he had never touched since the idea of it's being property awoke in. him, rose before Gibbie's mental eyes, and inwardly he bowed to the punishment. But the look* he had fixed en Angus was uot without effect, for the man was a father, though a severe one, and was not all a brute : he turned and changed the cart whip for a gig one with a broken shaft, which lay near. It was well for himself that he did so, for the other would probably have killed Gibbie. When the blow fell the child shivered all over, his face turned white, and without utter ing even a moan, he doubled up and dropped senseless. A swollen cincture, like a red snake, had risen all round bis vraisr, and from one spot in it the blood was oozing. It looked as if the lash had cut him in two. The blow had stung his heart and it had ceased to boat. But the gamekeeper understood vagrants ! the young black guard was only fihamming ! ' Up wi' ye' ye deevil ! or I's gar ye,' he said from between his teeth, lifting the whip for a second blow. Just as the stroke fell, marking him from the nape all down his spine, so that he now bore upon his back in red the sign the ass carries in black, a piercing shriek assailed Angus's ears, and his arm, which had mechanically raised itself for a third blow, hung arrested. The same moment, in at the coach-house door shotGinevra, a6 white as Gibbie. She darted to where he lay, and there stood over him, arms rigid and hands clenched hard, shiver ing 86 he had shivered and sending from her body shriek after shriek, as if her very soul were the breath of which her cries were fashioned.* It was as if the woman's heart in her felt its roots torn from their home in the bosom of God, and quivering in agony, and confronted by the stare of an eternal impossibility, shrieked against Satan. 'Gang awa, missy,' cried Angus, who had respect to this child, though he had not yet learned to respect child hood ; ' he's a coorse cratur, an' maun hae's whups.' . But Ginevra was deaf to his evil charming. She stopped her cries, however, to help Gibbie up, and took one of his hands to raise him. But his arm hung limp and motionless : she let it go : it dropped like a stick, and again she began to shriek. Angus laid his hand on her shoulder. She turned on him, and opening her mouth wide, screamed at him like a wild animal, with all the hatred of mingled love and fear ; then threw herself on the boy, and covered his body with her own. Angus stooping to remove her, saw Gibbie's face, and became uncomfortable. 'He'sdeid! he'sdeid! Yeivekilet him, Angus! Ye're an ill man!' she cried fiercely. 'I hate ye. I'll tell on ye. I'll tell my papa.' ' Hoot ! whisht, niissie !' said Angus. 'It was by yer papa's ain orders I gae him the whup, an' he weel deserved it forby. An' gien ye dinna gang, awa, an' be a guid yoong leddy, I'll trie 'im mair yet.' ' 1*11 tell God,' shreiked Ginevra, with fresh energy of defensive love and wrath. Again he sought to remove her, but she clung so, with both legs and arms, to the insensible Gibbie, that he could but lift both together, and had to leave her alone. ' Gien ye daur to touch 'im again, Angus, I'll bite ye — biie yc — bite ye,' she screamed, in a passage wildly ci*oC£^d9 The laird afid FvTgZ* had walked away together, perhaps neither of them quite comfortable at the ?orders givenpbut the one too self-sufficient to recall them, and the other too submissive to interfere. They heard the cries, nevertheless, and had they known them for Ginevra's, would have rushed to the spot :' but fierce emotion had so utterly changed her voice — and indeed she had never in her life cried out before— that they took them for Gibbies, and supposed the whip had had* the desired effect and loosed bis tongue. As to the rest of the household, which would by this time have been all gathered in the coach-house, the laird had taken his stand where he could intercept them : he would not have the execution of the decrees of justice inteiferred with. But Ginevra's shrieks brought Gibbie to himself. Faintly he opened his eyes, and staved, stupid with growing pain', at the tear- blurred face, besides him. In the confusion of his thoughts he fancied the pain he felt was Ginevra's, not his, and sought to comfort her, stroking her cheek with feeble hand, and putting up his mouth to kiss her. But Angus, utterly scandalized at the proceeding, and restored to energy by seeing the boy was alive, caught her up suddenly and carried her off— struggling, writhing, and scratching like a cat. Indeed she bit his arm, and that ' severely, but the man never even told his wife. Little Missie was a queen, and little Gibbie was vermin, but he was ashamed to let the mother of his children know that the former had bitten him for Hie sake of the latter. The moment she thus disappeared, Gibbie began to appre hend that she was sufleriag for him, not he for her. His whole body bore testimony to frightful abuse. This was some horrible place inhabited bv men such as those that killed Sambo! But would they* hurt the littie girl ? He thought not— she was at home. 'He started to spring to his feet, but fell back almost powerless; then tried more cautiously, and got up wearily, for the pain and the terrible shock seemed to have taken the strength out of every limb. Once on his feet, he could scarcely stoop to pick up his remnant of trousers without again falling, and the effort made him groan with distress. He was in the act of trying in vain to stand on one foot, so as to get the other into the garment, when he fancied he heard the step of his execu tioner, returning, doubtless, to resume his torture. He dropped the rag, and darted out of the door, forgetting aches, and stiffness, and agony. All naked as he was, he fled like the wind, unseen, or at least unrecognized of any eye. Fergus did catch a glimpse of something white that that flashed across a vista through the neighbouring wood, but he took it for a white peacock, of which there were two or three about the place. The three men were disgusted with the little wretch when they found that he had actually fled into the open air without his clothes. Poor Gibbie ! it was such a small difference. It needed as little change to make a savage as an angel of him. All depended upon the eyes that saw him. * He ran he knew not whither, feeling nothing but the desire first to get into some covet, and then to run farther. His first rush was for the shrubbery, his next across the little park to the wood beyond. He did not feel the wind of his running- on his bare skin. He did not feel the hunger that had made him so unable to bear the lash. On and on he ran, fancying ever he heard the cruel Angus behind him. If a dry twig snapped, he thought it was the crack of the whip : and a small wind that rose suddenly in the top of a pine, seemed the hiss with which it was about to descend upon him. He ran and ran, but still there seemed nothing between him and his persecutors. He felt no safety. At length he came where a high wall joining some water, formed a boundary. The water was a brook from the mountain, here widened and deepened into a still pool. He had been once out of his depth before : he threw himself in, and swam straight across : ever after that, swimming seemed to him as natural as walking. Then first awoke a faint sense of safety : for on the other side he was knee deep in heather. He was on the wild hill, with miles on miles of cover ! Here the unman could not catch him. It must be the same that Donal pointed out to him one day at a distance ; he had a gun, and Donal said he had once snot a poacher and killed him. He did not know what a poacher was : perhaps he was one himself, and the man would shoot him. They could see him quite well from the other side ! he must cross the knoll first, and then he plight lie down and rest. He would get right into the heather, and lie with it all round and over him till the night came. Where he would go then, he did not know. But it was all one ; he could gro anywhere. Donal must mind his cows, and the men must mind the horses, and Mistress Jean must mind her kitchen, but Sir Gibbie could go where he pleased. He would go up Daurside ; but he would not go just at once ; that man might be on the outlook for him, and he wouldn't like to be shot: People who were shot lay still, and -were put into holes in the earth, and covered up, and he would not like that. Thus he communed with himself as he went over the knoll. On the other side he chose a tall patch of heather, and crept under. How nice and warm and kind the heather felt, though ? it did hurt the ?weals drtadfully sometimes. If he only had something to cover just them ! There seemed to be one down his back as well as round his waist ! And now Sir Gibbie, though not much poorer than he had been, really possessed nothing separable, except his hair and his nails— nothing therefore that he could call his, as distinguished from him. His sole other possession was a negative quantity — his hunger, namely, for he had not even a meal in his body ; he had eaten nothing since the preceding noon. I am wrong— he had one possession besides, though hardly a separable one^ — a ballad about a fair lady and her page, which Donal had taught him. That he now began to repeat to Himself, but was disappointed to find it a good deal withered. He was not nearly reduced to extremity yet though — this little heir of the world : in hia body he had splendid health, in his heart a great courage, and' in his soul an ever throbbing love. It was his love to the very image of man, that made the horror of the treat-' ment he had received.- Angus was and was not a man! man ! After all, Gibbie was still one to be regarded with holy envy. Poor Giuny was sent to bed for interfering with her father's orders ; and what with rage and horror and pity, an inexplicable feeling of hopelessness took possession of her, while her affection for her father was greatly, perhaps for this world irretrievably injured by that morning's experi ence; a something remained that never passed from her, and that something, a6 often as it stirred rose between him and her. Fergus told his aunt what had taken place, and made much game of her browniei But the more Jean thought about the affair, the less she- liked ft; It was she upon whom it all came ! What did it matter who or what her brownie was? And what had they whipped the creature for ? What harm had tie done ? If indeed he was a little ragged urchin, the thing was only the more inexplicable ! He had taken nothing ! She had never missed so much as a barley_ scon ! The cream had always brought her the right quantity of butter ! Not even a 'bannock, so far as she knew, was ever gone from the press, or an egg from the bossie where they lay heaped ! There was more in it than she could understand ! Her nephew's mighty feat, so far from explaining anything, had only sealed up the mystery s? She could not help cherishing a shadowy hope that, when things had grown quiet, he would again reveal his presence by his work, if not by his visible person. It was mortifying to think that he had troneas he came, and she had sever set eyes upon him. But Fergus's account of his disappearance had also, in her judgment} a decided element of the mar vellous in it. She was strongly inclined to believe that the brownie had cast a glamour over him, and the laird, and Angus, all three, and hiad been making game of them for his own amusement.. Indeed Daurside generally refused the explanation of the brownie presented for its acceptance, and the laird scored nothing against the arch-enemy Super stition. Donal Grant, missing his ' cratur ' that day for the first time, heard enough, when he came home to satisfy him that he had been acting the brownie in the house and the stable as well as in the field, incredible as it might well appear that such a child should have had even mere strength, for what he did. Then first also, after he had thus lost him, he began to understand his worth, and to see how much he owed him. While he had imagined himself kind to the urchhijthe urchin had been laying him under endless obliga tion. For he left him with ever so much more in his brains than when he came. This book and that, through his aid, he had read ; a score or so of propositions had been added to his stock in Euclid ; he had even made one or two some things more like ballads then any former attempts. His first feeling about the child revived as he pondered — namely that he was not of this world. But even then Donal did not kjxpw the best Gibbie had done for him. He did not know oi wlfst'fer ^«fsnnr and better i?iiiig*i-2ie.liadj through: his gentleness, his trust, his loving service, his absolute unselfishness, sown the seeds in h|,s ;mind. On the other hand, Donald-had -in return done iao.re for Gibbie than ha knew, though what he had done for '.him, namely, shared his dinners with him, hadlpeen less of a gift than he thought, and Donal had rather been sharing in-Gibbie's dinner, than Gibbie in Donal's. . 