THE CRT OF THE WBETCHED, Fob hours along tho crowded street, With aimless steps I've trod, Without a home or hope in life, With scarce a hope in God. This cruel sight is fitting dose To such a crushing- day { The earth is, oh 1 so dreary oold ! Aud heaven so far away. Tbe friendless rouse no anxious thoughts, The busy throng sweeps on ; Fvo stayed beyond tho city's lights, The twilight's grey has gone ; My useless arms have failed to win A crust, a place to stay; . Earth has no work, no room for me, And heaven is far away. 0 groat, wide world! O frowning sky I Bo -cheerless and so vast, . 1 dare your keen and cutting sleet, Your piercing, bitter blast ; Rage, howl, and lash this living spark From ont the tortured day, That feels existence dark, alt dark, And heaven so far away. How dull and black beside my f est Tho sluggish river rolls ; It beckons as a demon might To lure unhappy souls. Its slimy voice is whispering, Here rest in peace for aye ; O God 1 the river is so near, And heaven so far away. i ? Do iss Drnra Sotfeb Pint f— People do aot like to think of death. ; It is an impleas int subject ; but it constantly obtrudes it self, and there has been much speculation a« » whether mental or phyinoal pain attends lie final act. Observation teachee us. that here is little pain of either kind in dying. Experience will oome to u* all one of .these, lays, but it will come too Isfte to benefit, those; rhoremain. ' It seems to be a kind provision' if nature that, as we approach the dread ivent, our terrors Ji«w'w*7'i and tiie coward ind the hero die alike— fearless, indifferent, ir resigned. As to physical pain, . Dr. Jdward H. Olai-k, in 'Visions,' says:— 'The rule is that unconsciousness, not isin, attends th* Anal art. Ttethe tab]**1 of ttdMtfcb^*ivmsafadhl«ha* Mrth. FsbUetdy we some; whenoe w» know sot. Painlessly go; whlthar we know not. Na ture kinalySprorides «n anasthrtioffor the body when the spirit leaves it. Previous to that moment, and In preparation for it, respiration teoomes feeble, generally slow and abort, often accomplished by long in spiration and short, sudden expirations, to that the blood is steadily less and less oxy- genated. At the same time the heart acts with corresponding debility, producing a slow, feeble, and often irregular pulse. As this process goes on, the blood is not only driven to the head with diminished force, and in leas quantity, but what flows then is loaded more and' more with carbonic acid gas, a powerful anwthetio, tho same as that derived from charcoal ' Subject to in in fluence the serve centres lose consciousness and sensibility, apparent sleep creeps over the system; then some* stupor, and then the.end.' How Did Bt. Paul TjOOK,— A curious discussion between M, Eenan and M. His ieros oonoerning the personal appearanee ot St. Paul has followed the public reception of M. Eenan into the Drench Academy. M. Eenan has described St. Paul as a kald man, of short stature, aquiline nose, meet ing eyebrows, pale face, small head, pierc ing eyes, thick beard, prominent shoulders, and bow loss. Challenged to explain whence be derives all these remarkable details of Bt Paul's personal appearance, be has elted ths'Aots ot Thekla' as his authority for the aquiline nose, the bald ness, the meeting eyebrows, the small stature, and the tiow. leg» and the isccle. elastic*! history of Nieephroi fo» the small head, the piering eyes, the pale face, the thick beard, and the prominent shoul ders. As M. Eenan would certainly not aooept either of these very unbistorioal authorities as his warrant for any statement in trimioally improbable, we wonder why he so eagerly appeals to them for matters not intrinsically improbable. At apocryphal writer who will freely invent portents, will be . quite as ready to invent their oircum ?tan'ial framework. Would anyone in his senses go to Defoe's ' Apparition of Mrs. Teale' with the view of discovering not what Jfri. Fcole'f ghost Was like — being ratibnaliatlo enough to rejeottfae ghost as a fib of Defoe— but what Vn. Feols herself ws* like, where she had lived, and what where hor eiroumstanoes t The ways of imaginative rationalists are certainly won derful, and their affirmations often stranger than their denials. — Tht Spectator. Thi name cf a New Hampshire lohool is May I Cough. It is mush more common to bear sohool-tsachers addressed ai May I Gwont,— Alta Caitfornitn. 