ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY. JUNE 5, 187!!. PERHAPS thc most important document annually laid I>efore Parliament is the report of the Secretar)' for Public In- struction. In it we have a subject which closely, affects every parent, whose children the State has undertaken to instruct ; and it must therefore be in- teresting to learn, as far ns official information can to help us, how the duty is heinz performed. The report for the past year is a bulky pamphlet of over 100 pages, and con- tains a mass of facts and figures even the heads of which it would be im nnssible to summarise in a single article. We shall therefore, at present, very briefly refer to the most salient features of the report. Nb chan7e has been made in the mode of adrninisterintr the Education Act. The Secreiaiy for Education re- grets the res:gnation of the Under-Secre taryship hy Mr. C. G. Graham, which has " left thi department weakened by the loss of a 1 ib >rioiif=, conscientious, and able head." The number of new, schools opened during the year shows a continuous and satisfactory widening of the means of education. At the end of 1877 there were 266 srhools open/*Hriz., 178 Slate Schools, 22 Non-vested Schools, and 66 Provisional Schools, At the end of the, past year the numbers had increased to 195 State Schools, 21 Non - vested' Schools, and 76 Provisional Schools, malting a total of 292, or an increase during the year of a6 schools. The dis- tribution of the schools remains about the same as tn 1877. The district of East Moreton contained about per cent of the schools and 34 per cent of the attendance ; the district of ?West Moreton about 16 % per cent of ttJaWrêôok. Mtj. rg. per c^pk of . ¡í^t| attendance; trie district"of Darling Downs about 17 per cent pf thc schools and 19 per cent of the attendance ; the Western pastoral district about 4 per cent of the schools and ? 2 per cent of the attendance ; the Wide Bay and Burnett district about uj£ per cent of the schools and tij£ per cent pf the attendance ; thc Northern district abouL 5 per cent of the schools and i .perceflí! of the attendance ; and our own district1 about 13 per cent of the schools and ki. per cent of the attendance. % The number of teachers hasj Deon increased during the p«ra*ear by 81, the total number in the serW.e at the begin- ning of 1879 being 293cbssified teachers, 202 unclassified, andgOTfpujSÎI teachers. It is satisfactory to leàrrMh&the; depart- ment is gradually securmgTne services of a larger proportion of highly classified teachers of proved efficiency. The admirable training imparted in the larger schools to pupil teachers is doubtless one of the causes which have led to that result, as it has urged the head teachers themselves to study, and thereby attain a deeper knowledge of the art of teach- ing. It has been observed that a man never fully learns a subject until he teaches it, and there can be no doubt that the necessity which heads of schools are now under to teach pupil teachers how to teach, has tang))! themselves their defects as well as their subordinates, and has proportionately increased their own skill in tearhine. "There was a 'arge increise in the number of pupil teachers of both sexes." In this brief statement there lies a fact fraught with the utmost hopefulness for the educational prospects of the colony. No difficulty has hitherio been so great as that of obtaining properly qualified teachers for the numerous small schools springing up in the newly settled dis- tricts, and a cursory glance at the In- spectors' reports of the Provisional Schools shows that in too many cases the work of teaching is in incapable hands. The men who conduct these schools have not in general been trained to teachinti, and good resulls cannot be expected under such circumstances. A natural aptitude, however, supplies to a laree extent the defect of carly training, and in looking over the reports we ob- serve several instances where such an aptitude must have existed. In the report of the Provisional School at Podinga, in East Moreton (there being twenty children present), the Inspector writes :-" The apneat.we of the school- room, the methodical ard tasteful arrangement of picltir.-s and maps thc scrupulous cleanliness, and the nea", well-dressed pupils ejve promise of useful work. Order nnd steady useful '-mplov inent were apparent, and the methods in use led tne to conclude that the teacher took more thin usual interest in the di^c'nrgi- of his duties." This is one of thc most favourable re- ports of the riovisiontl Schools, hut tliete are many others thnt cannot be so regarded. There is no doubt, however, that these schools nie filling a ireful place in our educational bj stem. At I present the Department cannot obtain a I sufficient number of properly qualified teachers for them, bul in a few years, when the ranks are recruited by the large numbers of pttpil-ieacliers now in training, this difficulty will be reduced to a minimum, if not altogether removed. The report contains an interesting | analysis of the attendance of the children, only a few figures ol which we have space to refer to. The total number of pupils I enrolled in the various schools of the colony increased from ¡8,646 in 1877 to | 40,661 in 1S7S-an increase of 2015 ¡ and. the average daily attendance in- creased from iOi945 »1 1877 to. 20.994 in 1878-an increase of 1049. This cannot ht- regarded as a large increase, hut another paragraph furnishes an ex- planation. " It can hardly bc doubted," writes, the Secretary, " that more progress would have l een made had the colony maintained its ordinary prosperous course, 3nd had epidemic sickness, incident to children, been only normally prevalent." On the subject of Orphanages, it appears that lhere has been no .con- siderable increase in the number of ad- missions)!) the establishments at Brisbane. Those who have visited the institution in this town wilt be prepared for the following brief notice concerning it : " The Orphanage at Rockhampton con- tinues to be well conducted." The Secretary for Public: Instruction recom- mends the desirability of makins; pro- vision by statute for the helter regulating of the affairs of the Orphanages. " A most painful incident has shown that it is necessary that an officer should be appointed, whose whole time will be avaMablc for the superintendence of these institutions, and especially for the visiting at short intervals the children who may be entrusted to the care of persons beyond their walls " The allusion is to the recent occurrence in Brisbane, where» a cruel mistress ill treated a child who had been an inmate of one of the Orphanages. AT tho School of Arts there was a crowded house to see " The Ghost," nod tho audience were most enthusiastic with their applause. " OUR Boy«" attracted a fair attendance at the Theatre last night, and thc performance was well appreciated. The same programme will be repeated this evening. MR. JOHN MAcrfiERSON, merchant, Quay ttreet, waa sworn in as a magistrate of the territory liefere Hie Honor Judge Blake, yesterday. THE Gowrmnenl flavttf of .Saturday last notifies the appointment of Mr. George Silas vCurtis, as auctioneer for all Government busi jst Rockhampton. IT is notified in tho Gavtte ot May SI, that ätfae tmalienatedand unsettled lands at Clermont Town lUserve are withdrawn from selection with a view to. reserving them for goldfield purposes. . THE twentpfeifjhUi monthly meeting of the Terminable Building Society lifo. 0 will be ^e^^^^^j^^^^^^^h^^^^t^^^^^ at the office of the Sub-inspector of Police, for additions ano^ ren^^to the Polios Station, MarlboronÄ.íjfí-sá^^ W^iea'xhat the sub-committee deputed to «BHMrfpr tibe testimonials and report to thc jfïjjpital Committee their recommendation o' ¡the gentleman, to be appointed .as Resident iSsrgeem, have, rafter full consideration, recom- mended that the application of Dr. 1!. H. Paterson be aocepted. It is understood that the sub-cormSvtteo had a very difficult task in mading a choice, ai the testimonials of five of I the applicants wera of a very high order. Dr. Paterson was recently Professor of Botany in ono of tho Sootoh Universities, but having been afflicted with rheumatism ho was induced to try the climate of Australia, where his health has been completely, restored. THU traffic earnings on the Central Railway for the week ended May 24, amounted to £968 13s, Bd., showing, aa compared with tho corresponding period of last year, an increase of £310 Us. M. There was an increase of £308 12s. ld. in the receipts fur goods and stock ; a decrease of £45 Cs, 3d. in fares, mid £6 16s, Sd. in the parcels receipts. Thc traffic earnings on the Southern and Western railway for the above period amounted to £3103 12s. 7d., showing, ns compared with tho corresponding week of last year, a decrease of £114 11s. The total receipts for the year up to date were-Central lino, £20.74" Os. 9d. increase £523 Us. fid. Southern and Western line, £70,822 18s. 8<1., decrease £6'2G3 3s. 8:1. TUB criminal sittings of the District Court concluded yesterday morning, when tho jury in the case of S. L. Prince, after being locked up all night, were diBcbargeri, thc foreman announcing that there was not the slightest possibility of a verdict hoing arrived at. The defendant was then bound over in the sum of £100, and one surety of £100, to appear next sittings. The civil business was commenced at ten o'clock, the undefended cases and »ll the jury causes, with tho exception of one, being disposed of. The following are the remaining causes on the list:--C. .Tewoll t>. Duncan and Macdonald, damages £10!) 19s. fid. (jury). Municipal Council ». T. M'Namaia, rates, £10 5s. 7.1.: William Eascii r. Kdivin Bates, rates, C41 7s. 01.; Cfeor«i! Clmintt r. W. K. Higson, work mid labour, £8 5s. Od.; James Wood r. Alexander Ogilvie, damages. £20 : F. Lambert v. H. Milford, cash Icut, £42 12n. Motion fur a new trial in tho case of Hendrick and Co. »'. Hunter and Co., heard lost sittings. Tin: usual fortnightly sitting of the Petty Debts Court was held yesterday, before thc Polico Magistrate. There were fourteen causes on tho list, of which three were adjourned, two continued for service of Gum- mlins, two withdrawn, two settled-in one n verdict was consented tn. and in one tho ani-iniit had 1-cen paid into Court. In the fulhiwiug iiiiiU'fiulileil causes verdicts were | pvm f.irllie plaintiffs :-J. W. Face and Cu. I t>. .1. F. flolt, goods sold, £1 Hs. lld., costs i 10s.; Panie r. A. fi. Fowles, goods sold. £3 13... cns), 8i.: Julia Phillip r. Michael I Mirani, hoard. £1 12s.. costs Cl Od.; S. SingVlon r. J. Sann.m, goods sold, £t 15s. 7d., ens's I Os. Speedy execution v us granted on j tho nsnal affidavit bring sworn. Thc defended 1 ense of Andrew Geddes v. .7..lin V. Waller was adjourned until this muming at Icu. | 'AT the Polioe Court yesterday there were no cases for hearing. A HPECJAI, meeting of the Committee of the Hospital will be held in tho Court House this afternoon at four o'clock. TBS anniversary meeting in connection with the Primitive Methodist Sunday School will be held in the church, Fitzroy-street, this eveuiug, at half-past seven. IK thc handicaps published in yesterday's issue, the following omissions occurred : Port Curtis: Mr. A. Hetherington^ Regu- lator, aged, 0 st. 6 lbs. Rockhampton : Mr. P. Du (Te Logic, 6 st. 8 lbs. Mr. Henderson's Orphan was also inadvertently stated to be a a two-year-old instead of a three-year-old. TUE P. M. Company's lt.M.S. Australia, with the maila from England to the date of April 24, aud San Francisco May 12. arrived off Auckland yesterday morning at daylight, contract date. She is due at Sydney nest Monday, and the Queensland portion of the mails will probably come forward by the usual weekly mail boat leaving on that or the following dav. Tm; Building Committee of the new Church of England held their usual weekly meeting in the Council Chamber yesterday afternoon, at (our o'clock. AU the members of the Com- mittee were present. Mr. Scarr brought forward specifications for alterations to the foundations, which were considered. It was decided to call for tenders for the pro- secution of this part of the work. In the meantime Mr. Scarr will complete the extended plans of the superstructure. The Bev. Mr. Higgens read a letter which he received from Bishop Stanton, stating that, after attending the forthcoming meeting of the Synod at Brisbane, he would probably cali at Rockhampton when returning, We learn that Dr. Stanton wilt probably con- secrate the Church of England at Mary- borough in the early part of August. Tire ordinary monthly meeting of the Com* mittee of the Benevolent Society was held in the School ot Ari} yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock. There were present :-The Lady President (Mrs. Hunter), Mr. Headrick (Hon. Secretary), Mr. Salmond (Hon. Treasurer), Mrs. Milla, Mrs. Jackson, Mrs. Milford, Revs. A. Hay, Dean Murlay, B. Bartley, J. Cameron, J. Williams, and Dr. Salmond. Thc minutes of last meeting were confirmed. The Secretory read the reports of sub- districts for tho past month, as follow :-No. 1, relieved 15 adults, 27 children ; expenditure, £11 Os. Gil. ; No. 2, 7 adults, 5 children, £2 4s. Cid.; No. 3, 9 adults, 28 children, £47B. Sid.; No. 4, 5 adulte, 7 children, £2 5s. 4¿d.¡ No. 5, 8 adulte, 12 children, £3 19s. Sid.; No. fl, 2 adults, 4 children, 14s. 2d. Benevo- lent Asylum: 7 adulte, 14 children, £19 4s. Cd. On the motion of Mrs. Salmond, seconded by Mrs. Mi'ls, the repoits were adopted. Some conversation followed on the case of one of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum who had lately boen discharged for insubordination, and concerning whom a reso- lution was passed at last meeting that they were not to be re- admitted. Dr. Salmond said the woman had three ohildren in the Asylum, one of whom was ill of - fever, and as the mother was naturally concerned about tbe child, Mr. Livermore and he thought she should be re-admitted to nurse the child, and after it got better that «he should leave. The f'iifTiiilTiiiMiisi ninn'iir"il'""ii- tJihiiiBL ^liar'B*juij||JW IIBIIIIII iiiii^sstrThiP<'»BBP mittee recorded concerning her, bot under the present circumstances she agreed with the action which had been taken. From tho statement of the Trea- surer, it appeared that there was an amount nf only £14 3s. 2d. to the credit of the general fund-a position, the Lady President said, they never were in but once before. This arose from the unexpected expenses connected with the Asylum, the depressed times, and the prevalence of sickness ; still she was reluctant that it would go abroad that the Society was unable to pay its debts. It was agreed, on the motion of Mr. Hay,'Seconded by Mrs. Milford, that £50 bs borrowed from trie reserved fund in the Savings Bank to pay the current expenses. Tho Lady President referred to the resigna- tion, as members of thc Committee, of M"-g, Orr aud the Rev. Mr. Orr, and asked if any letter bad bean sont tbanl.ing them for their services in carrying out the objecte of the Socicl). It transpired that tho lotter con- taining Mrs. and Mr. Orr's resignation had bean mislaid a nougat other papen, and tbus escaped the notice of thc Socretary. The Committee then proceeded to the considera- tion of thc rules f ir tho management of the Benevolent Asylum. PESTILENCE AMONG CATTLE IN JAVA. From a private letter, which has kindly been plam! at our disposal, wo (Evening Netot) learn that an Arabian pestilence, to which all horned animals, whether cattle, sheep, or goats, are alike subject, has for the first time made its appearance in Java. Hundreds of cows are heilig destroyed at and near Batavia, and there is groat dancer of the place becoming totally destitute nf cattle. Nothing in the shape of horned cattle is now allowed to 1» imported, and, unless the dis- temper soon ceases, Batavia will soon l c devoid of meat. The writer adds: " It is to be hoped that tho disease will not reach Australia.A few days ago tho Government inspector shot 140 cows belonging to me." TUE TOTALISATOR.-Perhaps none, or only a few, of our readers are acquainted with the method of workine this instrument that has gained for itself Buch hostility from the hook makers. Mr. Julian Thomas (tho " Vaga- bond") is intending to take this machine to Ipswich, Warwick, Rockhampton, and tho other races ; and as its effects arc very inimical to thc hotting ring, it is said that a combination has been formed, either to buy the " Vagnlmnd " out. or ciao pay race-clubs to stop it from entering the grounds. We woulil advise racing-clubs not to make too easy terms. The totnlisator is a bnard with numbered figures, such numbers heine: to the extent of. and corresponding with, the number of horses entered for ench event. Beneath each number is a revolving disc which denotes thc number of backers for each particular number or horse, and another disc at thc top denotes thc total num- ber of tickets sold. Now, suppose there ar« Rix hones in a race, thc totaliser would show 1, 2, 3, 4, .1, fi; and sup- pose three back No. 1 ; four No. 2 ; twelve No. 3 ; twenty No. 4 ; seventeen No. 5 ; ten No. G. This sliotvs seventy-six tickets sold nt Cl each or £"G. Say now thal Sydney wa« No. 1 on thc card ; if that ho; ac won this, £7fi | wrmlil by divined less fi per cent amono the j Uiri-o wrcjonB holding ticket for that vnimlïcv ; or £'Xt each. If No. 4 wins, on which there arr. twenty backers, each one boldini a ticket I .ur No. 4 would receive CD 10s. It will bc rei n tli.it all the mousy nuliscrihcd, less 5 per i cont. U divided nnnngst those who back tho | liuky number, and in many cases a ^reatdo:il j innre than thc.nilitig odds are o'ltained, espc- j i-iilly when an.» o ltsiiler wins'. The present I pr,mi'ie!or in cas'i of thc hnrsn winnini; not j having been backed at all, bands over thc j sweep to « local charity/ This is the great Totalisator« that is at present driving the betting-ring mad «with .voxation. - /pewiclt Obtervtr. FACTM ABOUT THE SVDKET EXHIBITION. Thirteen hundrod men are now employed. The wet weather has interfered somewhat with the progress of the work. But tho building will be completed at the specified time. The floors of the galleries are being laid. To go round them means a walk a little over a mile and a half. By the middle of next weak the European section will be handed over complete'! to the Commissioners for the reception of exhibits, and preparations can be made for their display. The frame- work of tho central tower is up the height of tho great dome, and preparations aro now being made for the scaffolding required for the hoisting of tho immense ribs. The dome will bo 170 feet from the ground, and the lantern thirty feet higher. All the stair- cases, which are nf wood and of an ornamental pattern, are now in hand. Ko more hands aré to bo discharged, thi work in hand being sufficient to engage the present number till nearly the end of Angost.-livening Newe, May 28. BRUTAL MURDER AT ARARAT.-The tele- graphic correspondent of the Age sends the following from Ararat, on the 28th May '. Yesterday evening this place was thrown into a state of great excitement on its becoming known that a brutal murder had been com- mitted at Green-hills, two mites east of the town. The victim 'was an inoffensive Chinese gardener named Chin Ah Kenng, who has lived on the spot for years. He was seen in his garden early in the afternoon, apparently quite well. Shortly before five o'clock one of the borough councillors, Mr. J. I). Smith, who had been walking along the lake embank- ment, strolled into the garden, and not seeing the Chinaman, went to the door of his hut, when he heard a moaning. Thinking medical assistance was perhaps wanted, he spoke to a railway gatekeeper a short distance' off, and the two went back to the garden »nd entered the hut, when they were astonished to find the occupant lying on his back, with skull split open from the apex to the frontal bone, the head having several other cnts upon it, all apparently inflicted with an axe, which was standing near, covered with blood. Soon after the unfortunate man ceased to moan, and expired. Mr. Smith remained in possession nntil the police took charge, and prevented the »xe being taken away by a neighbour of the deceased namod John M'Kamara, who has this day been arrested on suspicion. Last night the police took possession of some of tho clothes worn by M'Ñamara, and it is stated that on examination by medical men a quantity of human blood bas been found thereon. Various motives are assigned as to the cause of the deed, assuming it to have been committed hy the prisoner. One is that he has long had a "down" upon the China- man, owing to the garden holding, with plenty of water, being between prisoner's purchased and lensed laud ; and another is that it arose out of jealousy. 