T1IE J515NDIGO ADVERTISER (I'UliLlSHKD DAILY.) PIUKJKESSION, OUR RIUUTSj AND ODR RKSODROKa SANVHUIiST. MONUA 1', MAR. 17, W9. THE VICTORIAN LOAN. Ik our- Saturday's issue we published a telegram stilting that the tenders for the Yictorian Four and a half per Cent. Loan were opened on Thursday afternoon, and the amount offered reached .£8,500,000; that those tenders at j£98 19s. and .£'08 18s. 6d. were received, the former being 'accepted in full, and the latter to the extent of one-third. This telegram was received through Router's agency. The London correspondent of the Argus states that about double the amopnfc asked for has been subscribed, . and .£2,750,000 has been tendered for at <£'99 and upwards, the number of tenders received being 1,300. The .Age - telegram states that JHhere^vere the debentures applied for was upwards of .£6,000,000 sterling. The whole of the amount required was allotted to tenderers, the price obtained being from .£08 ISs. Cd. upwards.". In a paragraph the Aye states, "the .intelligeiifie conveyed by our own tele gram was fully corroborated in all respects by another subsequently received by the Act ing Chief Secretary." Although some discre pancies occur in these different accounts, the fact unquestionably remains that the loan has been successfully floated. In Melbourne commercial circles, wo learn, the transaction is regarded as highly satisfactory, uUu regret is generally expressed that the whole of the loan was not placed on the market. The Argus appears to think it possible that this might yet be done, for it says—" It now re mains to be seen whether the Government .will adhere to the .£3,000,000 limitation, or will take the subscription for the full ampunt of £5,000,000 which they are authorised to borrow." As we understood the matt,er Mr. Berry pledged himself posi tively upt to .goat tl^e lempjiiiiig .£2,000,000 within a pew«j eighteen piontlib. But as the total sum tendered tar was considerably over tho amount of the entire authorised loan it ia quite possible thai it may be open to Mr. Berry to allot the whole amount. We surmise that if it is possible for hint to accept the whole .£5,000,OOt, J;5 will do so, for as the matter stands at piuaent y/5 ai'O tpld, taking the lowest estimate, that a smplusj of .£3,000,000 has been offered at £08 ISs. Gd, Considering what a very small proportion r,f the £3,000,000 subscribed for will be ayaikl/Lo for expenditure in public works, it cei'tnii.!;' appears to bo highly desirable that tiie fuH amount should be obtained, if ibis <p^n he done without j^jjudiating the pledge given by the Chief Secretary, hp.ye pre viously pointed out, only about £l,5QQ,OQO ; of the present instalment will remain at the disposal of the Government afttsp debts already incurred have been paid, and tlji:? sum would be altogether inadequate to : permit c,i il;o new railways and other contemplated works of great importance being proceeded with. Successful, tlwefore, as the floating of the loan has been so fa!', n:;d gratifying as it is as regards tho credit of the coieiiv, still the amount wo shall re ceive is so small ihai it is obviously the duty of the Government to malse the best use of the present opportunity, for thp satisfaction so generally expressed- in connection wiiji the'inatter will be very much qualified if ii be found that the performance of neeessiivy and urgently needed works has to be postponed for a couple of years, pend ing the raising of the balance of the loan. Of cuurjm, in njaking these remarks we h.-uv no intention vli±ic;/<?r of reflecting on the course pursued by >[r. Berry. His object evidently was io secure n successful result, and considering, doubtless, that lie had great obstacles to contend against, he thought it necessary to reduce the amount of jlhc Joan and to offer a comparatively high rate 01 interest, The question may be mooted, however, as io how fur his action in the matter was a judicious one. For our own part, we may frankly admit that we have no fault to hud with his proceeding, m the difficulties in his way appeared to be so gi'iiUt that very serious doubts existed as to whether the .£3,000,000 would be {subscribed. Giving Mr. Berry evoiy cfudii for his desire to raise the money, and his success in carrying out the arrangements, the point arises as to whether the colony nec-d be oi' trenjely jubilant over the matter. Take Sir James M'CuUoeh's loan in 1875. The minimum in that case iras only .£95, but then the rate of interest }yas fixed at only 4 per cent., whilst 4\ per cent, is the rate in the present instance. If the calculation is gone into it will be found thai iLc former loan was a more advantageous oue to the colony iljan js the present. The result of the negotiation in this case, how ever, shows 011 the one hand that money is plentiful in the English market,, and on the other thai colonial securities arc not so de predate-.! as many people here had supposed. No doubt British capitalists have found that foreign loans are not safe things to have any thing to do with, and prefer those of the Imperial dependencies. It. is above all tilings satisfactory to find that the financial position of the Australian colonies is regarded with confidence in the great money mart of the world, aiul that notwithstanding our political difliculties, 'faith is still reposed in Victorian securities. Lot what will, therefore, be said concerning the conditions under which the loan has been floated, it must be admitted that, all thiugs considered, the outcome is both a satisfaction and a sur prise.- It will be still further gratifying if it should turn out that the whole .£5,000,000 can bo obtained without waiting a year and a-half for the remainder of the loan autho rised by Parliament last session. The country is badly in want of the money, and all classes would bo delighted to learn that Mr. Berry has been able to place the total amount on the market. AVc imagine there will be little complaint about the price so long as the whole .£5,000,000 is ob tained. Arrivai. ok the Torres Stkaits Mail.— We learn by a telegram received early this morning that the Torres Straits Mail arrived at Cooktown yesterday. Gross Nkolki'T in" the Railway Parcels' Office.—We observe frequent complaints in the papers about the negligent mariner ih which the railway officials in the parcols' office in Mel bourne perform their duty. ,v. Another instance has been brought under our notice, which is worth recording. About ten days ago a Sand hurst resident went to.. Melbourne, leaving instructions that.a certain parcel '.should,be for warded as speedily1 as possible."-'-the parcel was called for several times at the Melbourne office, but the answer invariably.was.that 110 parcel had come to the address mentioned; It was assumed that there was some neglect in the matter in;,Saudhurst,naiiiUvaa(.t)ie..-parcel.-..was not of much , consequence,no ;Jfui£her^"in^ quiries were made thV'trbtur^'"'to" Samlhurst. a week after. Then it was ascertained that it had been _ sent on the day requested, clearly ai)d legibly'acldfessedT ; A; friend in Melbourne was then requested to call for the parcel, and stated the facts to- the clerk in the parcels'office, but received the same reply as waj given before, aud with very scant courtesy. An appeal to the station-mrster followed, aiul he pointed out the name L" the clerk among the entries, when, at length, a week after transmission, the missiug parcel was found and delivered, having been all the time in the Melbourne office. The friend then in quired for another parcel expected the same day, and was told that there was none for the address mentioned. Another appeal to the station-master was successful in finding the second parcel. The clerk seemed no way abashed, made no apologies, but appearud to take it as a .matter of course. The public are pretty certain to hear of him again. Juvenile Exhibits.—Amongst the juvenile exhibits at the exhibition to be opened here on the 20th instant will be a very pretty hearthrug, 4 feet 6 inch'' i in length and 2 feet 7 inches in breadth, tlu-. work of Miss Emmett, a young lady fourteen years of age. The design is, a medieval cross, in crimson and gold,' in raised tapestry stitch; the groundwork, to represent painted glass, is worked in rich colored wools;. it is linished by a border of 'plush :6 inches; in breadth. Another piece of work is a.buggy rug, nearly 3 feet in length, and over half a yard in breadth; the result of uvich patient industry on the part of a very little girl, the daughter of Mr. Sciallero, of Williamson-street. The Courier mentions having been shown a working model reaper and a model plough manufactured by the apprentices of Mr. G. ■ Munro's establishment, Ballarat, and intended to be shown at the Sand hurst and Melbourne Juvenile Industrial Exhi bitions, which are excellent specimens of work manship, and will without doubt be great at tractions ■ at the shows. The model reaper is from Munro's patent, which was so successful in gaining first honors at the several agricultural shows last year,, and is made 011 a scale of 4 inches to the foot. The beautiful miniature im plement is the work of four apprentices—A. ijeid, J, Grant, A. Martin, and W. Cairncross— during their spare time within (hp last three months. The plough is of bright steel, 011 a fPifl&»^'ii?ddS"&y;'aii,oUi'er"oi"tlie apprentices, \V. J. White. Both machines are beautifully bur nished and painted, and -reflect the highest credit 011 the iudustry and mechanical skill of the young artisans. As Explanation*.—Our Inglewood corres pondent says:—The other evening at a meeting of the hospital committee one of the members— Mr. Kibble—complained that he had beeH mis reported (by myself I presume) from the general tenor of his remark anejit the proonnng ijrticles from Melbourne for the bazaar on .St, Patrick's Day. He says that he did not reflect upon the action of the lady and gentleman who had pre viously selected the goods in Melbourne. All I can say in reply is that my report of Mr. Kibble's remarks was perfectly correct, the correctness being attested by a gentleman who ];e:;i'd them. The precise words that Mr. Kibble made use nt were ti;at t|ie [ionuijiUee !'ljai{ |iot hitherto received value for their money," aiid in consequence of that a resolution was passed by the committee that a change be made, and the goods obtained from a Melbourne house direct instead of through agents. iJvt:iTEs,—A correspondent, whose signature wo cannot decipher, writes as follows, under date Saturday:—"I observed a statement in to day's paper at which I-am very mueh surprised. A Mr. Chapman iiad reeeived some pyrites, said to have been sent from Syduey, which had passed through grating G,400 holes to square inch, which I say is an utter impossibility.:l Ti»e W^Vf'UtH,--.Saturday was as line and pleasant a da/ as j;ou}d haye bean wished for, and the night vyas ratljpr cold. Yesterday the sky was cloudy, and threatened r;[in, which oommencud to fall in the afternoon, Tile rain continued to descend in a steady continuous maimer for several huiira with little cessation, and the ground got a thorough good soaking. After nightfall the rain ceased for a time, but after midnight it descended again heavier than before, aud at the time we went to press the v.'cj.iiier bore a veiy unsettled appearance. tWiiig jcsj-uJay afternueii. and far into the night, the itishes ot light'.iiiijj were incessant around this liori/on, and distant peals of thunder wero oueabion.illy heard, Tho rain was badly wanted, and supposing it to havu boen general throughout the district, will have boen especially acceptable to the farmers. Eaci.eiiawk Poi.H'k Cocut.—Mr. Webster. B.M., the mayor (Mr. Trumble), and Mr. Harris, 3.1;., pre.yided at this court on Satur day. The case against jau.ea '.Vccdiyard, for cir.ljerzling the funds of the Kaglehawk Ceme tery ir^st'cus, vsi Jjeard' before the two former gentlemen. The pi;arge a&t; fort!) tjjat various sums had been appropriated, aiijouutjng to £2 i Ss., spsuififld as follows:—lis., 7th February, 1S75; Us,, Jfitlj January, IS75; lis., 30ih November, 187li| 10s., IJth Deccmbor, JS7U At the request of the police tho prisoner was remanded to the 22ml inst. George Twigge proceeded against Sergeant Farrell and Con stii-ljip Q'lJrieii, of Eaglehawk; and Constable Csntvreli, of Marqnj/, fpr pofdect of duty, i .Hitp<'|-i<:tei}dent palmer conducted % jji-oyi-.U; tioil, ami .Mi', Mottemm appealed fop' the defence. It: appears thus one day in K'ovember last the plaintitV left bis home, leaving a work man in charge. On his return he found that his two sons had been assaulted by the man, and that his p.cwo was deserted. On complaining to tlie police at tyaroug he was referred to Eagle tor the' purpose ot obtuiiiir.y a lyni-nuic for th& iwju:s arrest, ami (roi)) thence'to Sand, hurst, -it the latpey pjano ||e vr\is referred back to Eaglehawk, and tho plaintiff had since written to the Commissioner of Police on the matter. The defendants had applied to have the case tried before the Eaglehawk bench, and the application was granted. Although the cliarpp o'.ts altered to one of misconduct, the bench, after consideration, qtat;-i] th.^t they had no jurisdiction, A. debt ease Let down >or'hwr: ing was settled out of court, Il,LKUAi,LY on J'liKjilsiyi.—On .Saturday l-roll ing Constable M'Manus, who was on duty in Bull-street, had his attention attracted 'by a noise, as of some one ktioeking, in the eellar used by the Kent Brewery Company for bottling,_ next Messrs. Taylor and Gibson's shop, lie acgnfJiii^ly weat and iuiormiuj Mr. Hunter, \yho accompanied lii'tii to the cellar, and on eijterjng iptind a man named Thomas M. StapliQuson inside, Jje la pir.ploycd Uy Mr. Hunter as 3 bottler, but ho hfjd no right on the premises at that time, and vlien shr.Ujnij up the cellar for the night he ought to deliver up tho keys at the oliice. Xot knowing what might have been done Oi' contemplated, Mr. tjunter gave the man into custody for being illegally on the premise. Ho will be brought up at this' 0ity' X'olii;e'"Goui't this ctorning to i ttus\rcr the charge. ' TifE S-VSPiH?RST Kxitrr:rrios-.—We direct attention to qii adyertisemqiit in .mother column notifying that the executive oommitteo will be glad to meet representatives from the friendly societies, fire brigades, and volunteers, at the Town Hall, i>t eight o'clock this evening. It is stated that the meeting v.-ill bo held for the purpose of making arrangements for a procession to meet His Excellency the Governor, on the occasion of the opening of the Exhibition on Wednesday, 26th inst. The Puomiskd Visit ok His Kxcellescy tub Governor.—Lady Normnnby's health has, we understand, considerably improved since li.-r nrriv.il in Melbourne, and If is Excellence 'a chief reason for declining to remain away from Melbourne during the night whilst- ofi his visits to tiu? provinces, having thus been removed, he has acceded to the wish expressed l>y the City Council and the Exhibition Commissioners, and lias promised that if 110 unfavorable change take place in the meantime in Lady Normauby's condition, he will remain in Sandhurst during the night of the 26th instant. Preparations ave actively being made to accord His Excellency a hearty welcome. Uou>, I ai.i.s, and Diviih'.n'DS.—The yield of gold fot- tlic past week is 3,001) ozs. Divi dends amounting to .£,"1,370 -Is. have been de clared, as against £300 made in calls, showing a balance of dividends over calls of £">,070 4s. Handuai.i. Match.—Oil Saturday afternoon there, was a fair attendance, of visitors at M'Urath's ball court, Bridge-street, to witness a match at handball between Messrs. O'Brien, Kelly, anil M'Grath against Messrs. Buiko, Dnnnc, ami Walsh. The play throughout was good, and a great improvement was noticeable ill the tossing and general play than when the Melbourne players were up here some time ago. In the first game played on .Saturday O'Brien's side had all the best of it, although the first half of the game was pretty close, the score being 11 v. 7, of which number in the secondhand M'Grath scored l! aces for his side, and Burke four for his side. Ill the third hand Walsh and Burke were put out by a bit of nharp play by O'Brien; the game was soon after won by O'Brien's side, the score being 21 to 9. In the second hand M'Grath commenced the tossing, and ran up half a dozen before lie was put out; the other side not scoring. Kelly led olf the second hand, and by good tossing and successful play scored S aces, and M'Grath and O'JSrieu adding one each, the game was called 10, nil. In their next hand, however, .Burke scored G, Dunue 4, and Walsh 1, the other side only adding 2; Walsh put up S aees by splendid play, and with the other contributions won the game 21 to IS. In the deciding game each side scored 3, and then O'Brien's side added 11, which made their total 14. Their opponents put up 0, Walsh getting f> aees in fine style, which made tiie score !) to 14. Ivellv and O'Brien secured 3 aces each, the latter being cleverly put out iu the play for his fourth ace, which would have won the game. Burke's side, however, only got 3, and Kelly securing the requisite 1, O'Brien's side won the third game by 21 to 12, and also the match, having won two games out of three. Vine Gnowr.iw' Association.— On Saturday afternoon a meeting of this association was held for the purpose of completing arrangements for the vine ^rowers' trophy to be exiiibited at the Industrial Exhibition. There were present— Messrs. Griell'enhagen (iu the chair), l'olil, Fischer, Sawers, and Watson. After arranging some details, it was resolved that all vignerons intending to give assistance towards the trophy, be requested to forward their contributions oil or before Thursday, 20tli inst. .... City Police Court.—On Saturday at this court a man, named John Dennisou, was brought up on remand before Messrs. Rundell and C.u'olin, Ja. on two charges of larceny. From the evidence taken it appears that 011 the 4th February he went to llogan's Oddfellows' Hotel, Mundy-street, and slept there that night, rising in the morning and departing with a rug worth 30s. before the landlord or anyone was up. He subsequently took the rug to Mr. Beaver's pawn shop, and there sold it to Mrs. Olemcut's, of Bullock Greek, for 13s. The loss of the rug was reported to the polico by Mr. Rogan, and the prisoner waa arrested by Senior-constable Gleesou on the 8th March. For this offence he was :sentenced to one month's imprisonment, with1 liaril labor. Ho was then charged with having stolen a watch, valued at £3, the pro perty of Mr. Martin M'Donald, a farmer, resid ing near Bridgewater. It seems that on the i. 7tli, the prosecutor met- the prisoner at O'Hagan's Motel, and after having a drink left to go to O'lveefe's, the gunsmith. On the road they called at the Albert Hotel, and had some ; more drink. Prosecutor then left, went to O'lveefe's, returned to the Albert Hotel, and had some more drink. He then went to sleep on the sofa, and when he woke about live o'clock next morning he missed his watch and a £1 note. About eight o'clock' he informed the police, and whilst Seuior-Oonstalrta Gleesou was interrogating the prisoner about the watch, as certained that the prisoner was the man wanted on the above charge, and accordingly locked him up. Subsequently Gleesou traced the watch to Mr. Fiohm's pawn shop, and found that the prisoner had bought some clothes that morning off Mr. Flohm for 30s., had paid 10s. cash, and . left the watch for the balance. The prisoner, who denied all knowledge of the transaction, elected to be dealt with by the bench, and was sentenced tp jiinmonths' imprisonment with 'hard labor, cumulative on the previous sen Narrow Escapk.—Yesterday afternoon the Rev. Mr. May had a very narrow escape of meeting with a serious accideut. He had been conducting service at the Anglican Church, Golden-square, and it appears that his horse was harnessed up by some members of the con gregation, who, however, negl ected to take the precautionary measure of inserting the bit in the horse's mouth. Consequently when tho rev. gentleman entered the trap he was pcjweflesa to control vi,e iiorio, whioh itiirt'ed oif at a gallop, and proceeded down High-streut at the same pace, Mr, May bravely Uopt his seat through out, and prevented the horse from turning uu Forest street to his stable, but could not stop its progress. It madly rushed along Charing Cross and up Mitchell-street. For tunately Mr. May was able to steer the animal clear of all obstruction-:, but not until r.ftpr- it ljiul poijtiutjpc} on its wild oaroer some distance towards Back Creek, was lie able to bring it to a standstill, and have the bit lixed. Tins Diamo.nti Diui.i..— On visiting the diamond drill at the Groat Southern mine on Saturday afternoon wo found that Mr. Newman had made very rapid progress, lie having suc ceeded in enlarging the bore-holo from 2 inches to 3j> inches to 170 feet, -at which depth good sound rock was met with. As the whole of the tubing had arrived, the boro-ho!e was lined suc cessfully to the solid rock. In preparing the bore for the reception of the tubing it was found that only about half the distance required boring, as the sides of the ho!'-' had worn nway to ttiuob, the strata being very s,uit and lri:\bk\ '^l(e tubta ' iire made ou a'new and ingenious principle, being screwed tor 3 inches, both on the inside and outside, wsi.il a neat ■•njuare thread, tlms forming r» laft.hand screw, all joints being perfectly flush inside and outside. In adopting this plan the tubes can be with drawn when required by the aid of a right handed tap inserted in the end of the boring rods, and screwed into the end of each 1-t feet length of tubing. They can thus be drawn easily, and utilised for other iu;r^-hoi«. '4'he wont or clearing the debris oijtof tTfe bore has bpeu' resmiitidr Mome of tin) quart:/, pebbles torc-eit up on .Saturday i,y the pressure of the water from a Ucpth of 200 feet were ;is largo as marbles, ami the force-pump was working at a pressure of 73 lbs* to the square inch. There is still about 100 feet of coarse drbri.i at the bottom, but this, it is expected, will be cleared out in about a couple of days, when Mr. New man is confident of being able to recover the diamonds ut the Imttum o; the Afil'JfS Show.—Intending exhibitors at the forthcoming autumn show 'of the' Be'ndigo 'Agri cultural tiouiuiy M'y notified in our business columns that entries will close on tiie Oljtli ini-t, Eeoi.stkatios of Dcitirf.—Owners of dogs within the Shire of ISasi Loddon, are informed that unless they register their dogs within tiftecn days they will 1)0 prosecuted. D'Akuy Head's Gno.vr.—There was a very good attendance at the Masonic Hall on Satur day evening to witness the second representa tion of P'.Arey Head's Ghost Entertainment. The (fiiij- pLo^Lai^niu as or, tl(o pteviouij vVtu* ii)u' wr,s repeated ai;d was favorably received by the audience, the second part, which ia untitled " Tlie hauated house," especially, in which the singing of Miss M'Donald and the dancing ot Madame Grar.ie were loudly applauded, and the performance as a whole passed oil very suc cessfully. 'Hiis eveniti!.'. iij honor of it being •St. l<ati-i<;k-s l.»ay, ftiljeniiuu niusic will be per formed by the orchestra; Miss llassstt M 'Donald will vender some ot Ljrin's vce;-,l gems, whilst Mdle. Oracle will appear in Irish stop dances. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum.—'The com mittee of the asylum met at the usual hour on Friday, 1-tth March. Present: -—Mr. James Boyd, M.Dm (in the chair), Messrs. Taylor !\nd Osborn. 24applicantswereproved bycrdera upoit stojes &iiif; Si its l:in<i iioni the institute ill addition to tliojp alroiviy on the liooUs} aid in H case* was stayed, -j adults were admitted, 1 casfi was deferred for inquiry, and application :u two instances was not entertained. .State ot the "house—Adults, 115; children, 1G1; total, 27o. Out-door—Families, eio., rcliavetl during the week, 190, cjt.vrc qf ifER JIajestv's Gaol.—The follow ing 18' the weekly state of Her' Majesty's G^o!, Sandhurst, for tile week ending loth March 1870;—Last return, 04 males; If females. Since received, 12 males; 4 tommies; total, (Q mains, 21 feir^les. Since discharged, 1Q males, 1 fumrdu. now ill, (iQ males; i!0 females. Classiliod as follows:—Trial, 0 male; 2 females. Remanded, 3 male; 0 females. Default of fines, etc., C males, 4 females. Default of sureties, G males, 1 female. Imprisonment, 14 males, 3 fcn-.^lc;;. Hard labor. 31 males, 10 femalc.v fcciiLic ilKEiixG.— 4' puidio'iiieering oi rate payers will be lield.at' the Victoria Hotel, Diamond Hill, this evening; at eight o'clc;!;, for thu liouslderatlon of a noiioo oi motiou given by Cr. Ivundell, OI* the Strath tjeldsaye Shire, for the amalgamation of the ctticea of shire engineer and secretary, Cr. Schilling will aqcujjy the chair, Co-operative Siop.e.—This evening, at seven o'clock, the half-yearly meeting of the Sand hurst Co-operative Company will be held in the City Club Hotel at 7 o'clock, 