; MAUDE; 1 " . . 'ob.tiih''.; . ttgliau jKiiteirf gprqr. v;.i Edited nv ;Miss wnately, //Author of ' Ungllsii' Synftnymw,' 'jtito of Archbishop ri.j , ;t 1 - ' AVhately,' 'Tlireo' QiislcetSy etc. CHAPTEii'- X.r— (Continued. ) \- Then ' Christian - Perfection recurred to Maude's mind. What of that- monk'with his iron chain ? Could it please God that- he should: never look up, never see the trees' wave in the golden air, never look into thb bliie! heights above, glorious with starry 'worlds',' till his whole being bowed in adoration arid praise to the great Creator of the Universe ? And yet, had not'tho Mother told her that she failed to see the perfection there was in this penance, be cause she was not sufficiently advanced in the divine life ? Suiely- Mother must be right ! There must bo a d optli of spiritual meaning in iti which she was too 'ignorant to perceive. . . And Maude went on with her silent copying, mixing the red and blue colours for tlio precious stories which studded' the sides of her leaves, thinking' of-' the : old1 missal paintings, the monastic occupations, the cloistered meditation, theTrappist silence, the Carmelite austerities, perfectly satisfied with her 'religious life,' in which sho hoped to be led into tho perception of all high truth. -Like, many others, she tad grasped- the blessed fact-, of personal salvation1 through Christ,, without comprehending all that this one central point in Christianity involves; She did riot yet seo,- what was so plain to < her iri after years, that the ascetic spirit, "as1 developed either in heathenism or modem Christianity, is a part of man's natural religion. 'An awakened, oonseieuoo always, cries- within us .' th6' ??P.P.itiate the" ofrended Deity.' Arid, -from the irioinent a man knows that ; lie has done evil, the cry in the conscience is, ' Make atonement ;. get freo from sin's penalties.' Mortifications may bo doubled and trebled, penances- '< increased/? till they become tortures, but they can, .never, silence that insatiable cry .in the soul.,. The body may be lacerated, the heart agonised, but none of these things can quiet an "awakened consciqnoo. ;.Ib riot asceticism iii reality man's futilo attempt' to do for himself what God alone can! do— make ari atonement for sin ? God, the jriBt God, arid yet the' Justi tier of the guilty, (jives a full anil perfect remission of sin to all who come to, Him with a conscience sprinkled with, the blood of the Lamb of God, who.taketh away world/, Man's asceticism wants to give in order -to receive. God gives as a1 royal giver, without riioney, or without price : even when his son ' was a great way off, he ran to him, anil, fell on, liis neck, and kissed him.'; He gives perfect remission of sin, . a conscience, perfectly cleansed, , and ,a . new principle .of sinless life in and through the) Redeemer. Then man understands the New Testament standard of simple devotedaess' to ' God, the real ' religious life,! the mortifying, not the limbs arid senses, but the. corrupt affeetious of the old, sinful nature, keeping it under that the new life may grow in him, taking thankfully all the earthly blessings and enjoyments Gocl so freoly gives him, arid yet ready, in -a trusting, loving spirit, to relinquish them at His call. This ' rule ' of life, which is wrought in a man's soul in and -through' the power of the Holy Ghost, is more alien to' unbelieving nature tliau the severest' -penances and asceticisms performed with a sense of meriting God's favour. \- 'These truths were still, in great measure, hidden from Maude, what' she really possessed of spiritual life -and intelligence remaining the more undeveloped from the fact -of lier wilful and blind trust of tho system she. was in? " In tho world, this system was generally \- understood ' to have been -formed mainly1 for' the purpose of active work among the poor ; but, in fact, the sisters were all taught to look on the contemplative life as the highest one. Maude remembered how Sister Mary moved silently from Church to the Oratory, fromthe Oratory to the refectory, never speaking except when addressed, arid then answering in mono syllables, never appearirig in the recreation-room, and living entirely secluded,: eiriployed as it was supposed in meditation, writing, reading, needle work, arid prayer.' ' ' . And' this was the highest phase of the religious life. Maude thought it 'must be such a very blessed existence. - It was to be! hers after she had passed through1 the active order ; 1 but there was much work before her before she could pit, like Mary, at the Lord's feet. Mother! Angelica had told her that she intended her eldest ohild and youugbst (Sister .Ursula, Vyas the senior, sister at that time, in point of precedence, . and Maude the, last admitted) ;to,bo Superiors at. some, future . period, j arid; had always urged; upon lief, the : importance, of : the great rule of! Holy .Obedierico, saying that if once sho were aV obedient as Sister Ursula, she. would be all she" ... could, wish) ;;But, it was just; this j.Holy, Obedierico which ' haA. perplexed .Maude .from ithe commencement f her. 'sister/ life, and /many conversations" which.she had with the Mother Superior on this and/dridredj srihjeo;;recurred to her mind in: these! solitary rriusirigs; '- She saw : how. this 'unquestioning obedience euabled a vast quautity 'of work to be done, by very'ffew- sisters. She!.:- thought over, what Sisters, 'Monica and Mabel . had done in : the Industrial Sohools.'and other charities at Weston- bury. - The amount of work their rule gave them exceeded any. that . had been put upon her, and- she know that: they: had often felt tempted to doubt the wisdom of orders given them. She remembered poor Monica, breathless and. exhausted, having only' just returned from an1 arduous day's' work,' Sliding 'orders to go off . again to a ' great distance, and her protesting, almost with tears, against such ' killing work but; hastily eating the bread arid meat, and drinking the horn of- beer, aud being off . with a parting complaint to Maude'- (who was -with her in- the -refectory) about, the Mother's never \- sending., for .7tef. For . week's she had not' seen the Superior, and it was .'most unkind.',. Such a .breach of the rule was Orubtless confessed in the next 'Chapter,' Luc these' chapters were few and far between, Maude never having bcon called to any but the one in which she heard the Mother's address and saw her givo tho Rules. Then the great abbey that was building in : Westonbury, from which the different branches of tho Sisters of tho Holy Communion were to : spread all over tho world,— all bound together | by that mighty link of Holy Obedience — from the mother house at Westonbury all branch i houses and subordinate charities would spring. jWhat work would bo impossible for those so, combined and directed? The Mother had told; jbier that Loyola would not found a female oidor; ;qf Jesuits. Was it not left for hor and her | children to begin? But, then, this one grand ; iRnle, was it really a principlo of truth — was it of j God ? — because on this all must turn. \- All this beautiful work of a sisterhood, ! rising up within the pale of the Church of. | England like a benignant spirit' extending its 'arms of charity in all directions ; schools, 'orphanages, refuges, hospitals gathered round: ;it"; hundreds of active workers sent out to alleviate1 suffering and instruct the ignorant; and an inner circle of contemplative saints,.: wholly occupied in meditation arid prayer;' sisters who, having passed through the active orders, entered tho contemplative oue,' and' there formed the central point in the communi- 'ties, drawing down blossings by thqir silent ; prayers on tho wbolo work ! ' All this fair picture, which to Maude's eye , rose as a glorious ideal of Christian perfection, 'depended on that one cardinal doctrine — Holy Obedience to the Mother Superior. She wished ! so much that she could believe in it as Sister Ursula did,,. The Mother was the Superior, 'consequently not called on to obey ; but what if 'she had been a sister ? Would she have been lobedient? 'I can obey the Mother,', thought jMaude, as she sat copying the Rules, ' because I have faith in her ;but' it ; would be impossible to obey any, Superior I thought wanting - in,, common sense., And thon, could , I Lever give, iordors . that admitted of no ;appeal:? . Without t doubting my own wisdom, -can. it, be possible, jthat, as Mother, Angelica, says,. tbere is. a deeper, Iprincipffi of truth, involved; in this Obedience; than) I(. can seo ? ; Arid - yet, here -I havq/jnst; written it Ye shall, learn, through daily jancl constant .practice,,; that through, the exercise of Holy Obedience, ! yo.will recoivo tho'gifts.qf the; Holy. Spirit.," Then I' haye.but to. obey, and I! Ishall iunderstand this inaryelloris secret of power, jand wisdom, .arid; strength ; for;, Mother,, says jthat ; to beliovo in it is not, natural, but God's jespeeial gift,,' , . . . ; / . , - And so . the quiet iveeks passed, quickly away, . jin the Oratory services/— the old English printing; ! — writing /tho/ daily rule, . which was sent to ! Westonbury every few days, , /and kept the, 'Superior au fait to, what was going on prao- ; tically arid/ spiritually-f-'arid tlie1 ' churcli-goings. Silence rule/ waii/ratlier: burdensome, only two /being ' in' /thy/hqrisq',';',;and Maude, was often | amused at 'Susriri'su delight : when 5 she announced jthat it ' was'//rhcroatiqri-time)' ' arid thoy could? hear their 'owri'j 'vbices.1'/"/ The rats were now somewhat/' less a" tApic' of discourse, as the rat? j catcher had succeeded in' ridding thcrri of many; jbut'it; would/certainly he far 'from? edifying to jhea/airth/irifihitesiinal small talk of a ' sistei./ So mariy'Vatiou'ttl., topics of conversation are'out? jof tho'/rarige of '' religion,'— considered 'worldly/ jand secular,/ ' but poor Susan delighted to hear ' ?of the mountain 'excursions, and books, and jforeign ' sights,' and, scenes. -which Maude's less fettered' conscience" allowed: her to speak of iocoasionally) when she felt'that relaxation from serious' thought was necessary to them both.: j . One' morning /when she had been about a .month at Grcenshaw,1 she received tho following inoto'from tho Superior it— 'My dearest /Child,.; ' ? ' I wish you to come to ,mq the day :after you receive this, .please; God.. j .,'1 am anxious for yon. to receive consecration, to.- the. life you . are palled: to from the Bishop, 'before I send you to resume your .work (likely I to bo one of toil and anxiety) at Portlylo.. !'. 'But first, dear child, offer, yourself in Earnest prayer to, God, and; search into your | own heart to see whether you. have, a faithful, j humble, earnest,1 devoted desire and heart for Itfiis work. Faithful and true even unto death, !we are - likely to see many troubles, poverty, trial, and contempt. , , I 'May God bless you, dearest child, j , ' In Him, , j ' Your very affectionate Mother, i ' Angelica, Yr M.S.' 'Poor Susan was very nervous at the prospect: of being, left alone again, but then there was the. hope of someone coming . in Maude's placo ; and. jtho Oratory was to bo finished, stalls put in, rand a silver lairip to bo kept constantly! burning, 'so this would occupy Susan's time and thoughts.' lArid so they par ted, never to meet again in this.- AVOrld. :"-.> ":,:/'- : . i:);.;1 j It was a long journey hack to Westonbury, ;and when Maudo got put of the train she became . 'suddenly faint, and almost: fell. .Reaching some bars to loan against. she hositated whether - she had. not better; take 'a ; cab, for the walk: .home was some distance." . But,-: no !? a/religious' jliad but to obey— strength would be given— the /rule was to : walk, and ;so :sho nerved vherself jand' went on. - v:.1--, j It was after ' Compline ? wlien sho arrived.1 No word of greeting from the. one or two sisters: she saw' on'lier way to the Superior's apartment. She knocked, bat, . recoivirig no answer, sat down, at the door in patient waiting. She felt ill and jtired, and J?this cold reception, -after a long; absenco of several months, Btruck hor as strange and dismal; . . Sho had been many hours without food ; she was not hungry, but depressed and exhausted, : and her dark solitary half- hour at ithe Superior's door seemed to her unaccountably wretched. At last, Sister Ursula came out of; the room with the Superior's supper-tray. .She looked pleased to see her, and,; whispering that the Mother was not well, told her't'o have some 'supper and go to bed. i Mtiude was now ' very , much 'with Mother Angelica. She .was constantly sent for. after, Compline, and remained till an early hour of the ! morning with' the Superior. - The conversations, of. Jbhese days made deep impression on her. jmiirid ; the Superior unfolded to her more fully ithe aims and objects of the Sisterhood, .its Loyola-like organization, arid the difficulties 'cqnnected with its establishment. J One of the greatest of these was the suspicion iwith which the clergy regarded them. She said that thoy were beyond measure displeased because she would not allow her Behools :to be interfered with, or her children treated as district- visitors — that though the sisters were in all places, and in all - outer work, among the poor, still the clergy must learn that they were not seculars— they must be taught to regard the 'sanctity of the/ religious life— that the hostility 'of the seculars to the regulars had been tho case jin, all- ages of the Church — these persecutions i were tho sign of the Cross upon the work—she. would not have felt so safe but for the great opposition they met. Phillip of Westsbiro was almost the only Bishop faithful to the Anglican Church. Tho whole fate of the Society atone I time had rested on his firmness arid decision ; the puritan clergy Bent him such strong appeals, that she had great difficulty in! placing things jin their proper light even to him— that writing 1 would not do, it was always riecessary to seo hitn '—if he hail not held firm, there would havo been no hope. ! On one occasion, when Maude spoke of some of , the Protestant doctrines she had heard in the 'old church at Portlyle, questioning if they.might , not be true; the. Mother took her to' task as | not; speaking as became a devoted child of . her most . deeply- wronged but precious. Mother. Church. She told her that the Churoh was full :of .heritics and heriticnl teachers ; but that she ishonld treat any question aBto.the purity of the Holy Church as one would a question as to the purity of one's mother.. That. it/was. awful to- think of the pride arid- presuriip'tion that was at, work in the questioning of God's/sacred trutli in! these days . of most, deiep/./pwril-'tb' prepiori's. Mother Church! //,/ Speaking of miracles one day, Maude said, 'But, Mother dear, ..could' it.be a real: miracle that, of St. Janarius.at .Naples ? - Atithe.time l; saw it,: I .thought ihow awful was the position; of those priests before' God-rif :it were, a lioith'ey1 were acting.', Th'e-.Mother replied-, 'My rohild,-.) I believe that in different .communions, and.for: different purposes,) God permits miraculous ! j manifestations: of.'His. power,'. and-;it,'Wouldibe.; unwarrantable to -judge of ..what; was false, or; true where there :is such manifestation,. In .our ! Anglo-Oathqlie communion . wh ; have no such; manifestation. . ' Thqn, rtoo,j my child;! it: may please. God- often .-to grant jto -a greater degree . of - | faith! more? visible manifestations/' .Go tothat: ! cupboard, dear child..". Stay..! I- Will go myself;-'.. 1 She , went and brought . :out a: spoon which; jseeniod-.to: he of gold. ! ' Maude, > : this spoon, was tho one used by Mr. Pritcliard in ad- ! ministering.'. Holy-'; .Communion -j.to Lilla in. her illness,, when we thought she was dying.' There being .'no silver, spoon here he11, went ont .and; bought , this, which was the first- little silver! spo'one coald get. And now! see, 'my., child, it: looks like gold; docs it.not ?' .. Maude; examined: iit .in tho Mother's hands. It certainly did seern !to liave changed colour. It struck her that tlio spoon, , not having-, been.- . wiped ..after, the! communion,' - was-- ,tarnished.:> .. Shq l said -sso.; !Motlicr: Angelica-replaced .it,- in the, cupboard: : without reply.1 'It - flashed into Maude's.mind: that her credulity was .being, put .to! the- tost, i but tho subject was riot again, referred. to. .There waB 'a great: deal of conversation about- the! hospital at Portlyle,. which -.Maude was to open: immediately '; after! : her consecration i|, by , the Bishop ; but this consecration/;;; was for: the! 'present .delayed.1! In! the : meanwhile several: I members of Maude's family came to. see heivand; urged upon her.-, the duty of. returning to her. mother.,,- 1 . : She told one of her brothers,- who was very much distressed at her continued' separation from all her relations, that. she/ could riot think it right to leave the work she-was. engaged in- unless her . mother, absolutely ordered it ;: that when she first came to Westonbury, 'and had an. interview with the Bishop, who .told her lie came to, see her at her mother's? request, she was afraid', that he was going to pofsuade her to return homo ; but lie; said that it/ was an important . work that she '.was! engaged in," and: good for her soul; and/ that so, long as Lady. Deerswood cprisented : . to her/ reriiaiuing, she might stay bututhat??a mother's.elaifns on;her child were sacred," ariri that she/ niust remember that she was bound / to / return, whenever her; ' mother commanded it.. It was. a great pleasure: to Maude, seeing, these relations ;!but mixed with; : much" distress, /as she /knew how! unnatural : and ! unfeeling: , it !. appeared,- her resisting all, ; argument, to /eturn; home with them./ , ; A- few .days, after they were gone she, was'laidi upwith.a severe .'attack of illness ; the Superior, i who:.wasJiersef ill;l sent a phy.sician:;to,see.her several times ; - but he was . little aware of how much his patient suffered from the/want "of care iond niirsirig.- She was/ left for whole days 1 almost entirely alone, ; . but sho , knew, that,, though . her /recovery, .was .. retarded in, con- j sequence of such /riegleqt, yet tliat" there was so, much prbBS of work in the/sisterhood, it could !not bo helped. . It, sqmetjmes? struck her/as; 1 Btrango that,, when ill, the sisters were left, iis jit were, to 'get/.well as -they best could-; 'she? 'missed tlie kiud care /of tlio old sister who had: acted? V on!, lier/ bwn;responsibilit?y at Portlyle. iNow, she would : have . .given /anything to have, had! .a sister . with her'/; however, a religious 'should not/wish for .anything i- but what the Superior, orders, and, after, all, .she had that' which/was considered essential— a, doctor arid 'medicine. !..'/'!,/. ;!/ > , Slirijwas recovering from .this illness, . when? .she 'one morning- received?, ,aZ note /from1 the Superior, enclosing a letter from, her/imother,' iwith? directions how . it was to bo answered. It vras nO ; unusual .thing . to recoive. letters 'already opened ; but , Maudo , felt ! at once that she could not answer her/mother according to. the Superiors orders.? . '-?? " ! Lady Deerswood's letter was very short ; it simply commanded her daughter, to return to her on a spocific day, and Maude haw in a moment, how much it had cost her mother to writo such an aut?horatative summons. . The Superior's permitted reply waSj.to th0 'effect? that she ?iyas to say that Maude could give no answer, till the Mother had written, which she was/riot able to, ;do at present, being ill. , But she wrote /her own answer, saying that she would not fail /to ?cqriiq; 'though, under any othor circumstauces, Bhe would have asked for a delay iri her. return, as there' was so much to. bo done in tho sistcr- ,hood just then. :! - .. ' -.?.;!, j ! This she enclosed' to the?. Mother Superior, telling her the ' reason',? why?. sh?eT could not writo as directed. The letter, was. sent back ;to her to re-write, accompanied with a sharp rebuke for her disobedience. She did re-write it ; but in much the same way, at tho same time again telling Mptlier Angelica how sorry she was not. to be able to obey her. She did not, again hear from the Superior, but was left for - several days undeir' the disagreeable sense ef ; her displeasure. Being now convalescent, she/ followed the general rules of the community, and saw something of the sisters and novices iri recreation-time. She found- that many . nor! rules and regulations had been enjoined, during?/ her absence from /Yestonbury : the novices were/ under much? stricter discipline; 'silence ; rules., were most strictly enforeed. She was mueh?/, struck, too, witli the inefficiency of the strerigtH/ jof the community' for the amount of work", undertaken. ? ?/' '/ f She was, now again summoned to the,/ Superior. Maude found her in her private/ Oratqry, one in which she had not/been before) / and the. Superior was seated 'iri Van abhess/s// chair./ Kneeling down by her side Maude was// taking, her, hand, but it was. withdrawn,-, arid;. Mother. Angelica asked her why', she had not/,, obeyed her. , ? ///// | 1 Dearest Mother, I could riot write to mamma , jin any other/way. I know well what it was; for/' her to coirimand my return ;?' but you must/riot?' think, me wanting in obedience to you.' - .! ? ',;.? ?- Much conversation ensried ; the Mother did/ not now withdraw hor hand which Maude was' holding and , kissing ; the whole subject of obedience was discussed, and the Superior said : :,.You should have allowed me to. direct and guide "you /'entirely in : this matter,; that you . | might return to your!inotKor'seHt by me ; and T1' jam most anxious that you"-' should1 have con.-'/ 'BeoratioU 1 from the Bishop? before" you" return/'' :Your know -riiy;child; ' that believing hiifl the" principle- of ! Holy 1 Obedience? isTa grape. of God/i the1 eoriyietiqri comes iu': the/ practice. ' ' ' After '- dwelling much on the grace qndjppw'er there w/as ' infobeying, ? tlie; Superior, plaeirig' her 'hand/on0 the hea'd'o£?Maude, who" waq'still k'ric'chrig'by'; jh'er'.side/ said': ?"' My child, -'when -you'; hear :m'e ' : speak1' yoii /should think'1 it: is: the voice of !Jesus'! Christ.'' / ''f1'"--- ' 11 r: I/'" "Maude - started 'iriyoiuritarily,'; arid1 looked? rip/ jinto" tile 'Mother's 1 face',' as? if - f or explaoation/fof r . what at the moment -'struck !1her as ; altogether wrong. The Superior rose," arid, giving her the' accustomed blessing, loft rtli'e Oratory1 without ' ; speaking ; perhaps she, too) had soirio riiisgivirig jas to the nature: of that assumption of authority. No reference was over made to' tho subject j again, : and Maude hardly, analysed her feelings, of ' surprise1 and- protest, at; this: claiin of fDivine,. Infallibility. Her love. and affectionate reverence.; for the Superior. seemed to forbid any doubt as : Ito.; lier ;;procecdings ; but- she was"; sensible of a, ; Icertqin , mental .barrier having, arisen between1, tlieni, ; and she , was (certain tliat sho was right- in lier; endeavours.; not to/be prevented being with. ! her mother on the day. appointed; but it was 'only at tho. last moment, and when they were ) iaetually.in the train— en route., to the Bishop's. , 'palace— that .the -.Superior relinquished, the idea'; ; of detaining her ..for, the", consecration. They; parted in, the , carriage, the Mother em bracing- land blessing .her, with a- hopeful prediction that , \- ;her. ' precious child ' would soon return .to her,;;- :a'rid regretting. that she could not take. her. now.-, with the , other two sisters to. the Bishop. The: Jtrainrqlled on, carrying Maude (with her psalter jin ;her, hand, her . triangle arid cross ronrid her Irieok,: and the rule oE: Holy Obedience on her. jeonseienee) tO;lior mother, , from whom, she had;, i been separated for more than year. 