SAXItf&S; JdfD DOINGS IN COLONIAL ATHENS. BX BOTODABOUX. B&CTNOS;, *' ' The proverb saya 'It is more blessed to give than to receive.' For my part I'd rather tecelire. Wo a6t*ttnete*8 aheap of peopleup this way who think likewise. It's said that *a bird- in liand is worth three in a b-wh ; * but there's very few hushes round Gawler. All the trees are cat down. Can't «on-»body mak eajproverb to fit that ? Puppies are annoying animal* ; a widow.- was recently annoyed by' three- yonths who pro posed marriage. ' I den't^mind the big does that oome round looking for bones,' said she, * but I do object to puppies with a -ring -on one finger and the la-de-da style.' Poor thing! she diin't like puppies, no matter of what breed. '????. They offer £100 pounds for the best -poem on the Sydney Exhibition. Some who try for that amount won't get it,, somebody will.. Wish we had a poet on our staff, we'd set' him on and give him the .subject, and .$ake our word he'd go in and win. £100, indeed, what's thatP v . .. . . It's thought that Mr Potter having been elected as Councillor for North Ward will create some stir Jin our local Assembly at the Town Hall. There's great room for improve ment yet, and Councillor Potter will. find his fellow magnates hare left some work for him to do. ? .. . . .-..?- The Rev. J. '5T Simpson has left. Gawler . without a testimonial Trom the Institute Com mit ee. He will be missed when th j election for the Presidentship takes plaoe. NOTBLTT AT PORT PIBIE. Times must indeed be bad at Port Pirie. I. see by tue local weekly which publishes the news of the day for the inhabitants that 'the' town hearse has been seized by the bailiff. The funeral car has been turned into a butcher's cart,* but whether it is again to perform duty aa a hearse the record sayeth not. Meat carried in sndh a vehicle will sorely have a taste of dead men's bones, and peculiar feelings will no doubt creep over those who indulge in savory stews, when in the steam arising therefrom fancy conjures up the spirits ot the departed. Some folks can get used to anything,' but I oonfess that aught eatable from a hearse would only fill me with disgust. How the Port Pireans will lake to the change, and 'in what manner ' they will. bear their next dear departed to the cemetery, \- - -r- j*.hard to eay. . I shall look anxiously for some ^ future' recorapof this- lmport»mt.»»-i..j«nni..n^ tons alteration. Instead of tUe human. .skull and croBBbonfis being the insignia of the, hearse it will now possibly bear the more appropri ate one o£ a sheep's head and marrow-bones. ~ -£AU8AGB8. . '.' Some folks like pork sansages, some folks dont. In Melbourne one day at an eating house X tasted some, Th re was a Chinaman employed as cook and waiter there! Said I when be brought the eansages I had ordered — ?are these porkP' -Te8/«said he. When I came to pay the bill- he said 'You like him bow-wow?' I looked aghast — 'yeB.' said he, *we make 'em out of. bewrwon. here.', I haven't tasted pork sausages aince till the other evening in Gawler. * Go, dear George,' said my wife to me; * and try if you can pro cure a pound of sausages.* I went seeking abont, and lo ! I saw some at an establishment noted for its excellencies. I asked for one pound ; they .wanted to giro! me two, and told ma Fd regvet not taking the. lot as they were so good. I've tasted thos^ pork sausages, five went to the pound;, and like pills three -were taken at night, and two in the morning. Three will be found quantum suficit for any glutton, and he who eats more must glutton be indeed. * Fork sausages, ye Gods,' exclaimed Juntas Brutus at the battle of Copenhagen, * they're a dish fit for immortals.' I The largest plough' ever manufactured in. this city is now being made at the shops of Matteson & Williamson, to the order of H. Barnhart* .The plough is designed for work 1 in the thles.. and is a formidable looking1 im- ! plement. It will cut a furrow 38 inches wide. The mould board is eight feet long from the j point to the end, sweeping upward with a curve of about, four feet radius. At the end it stands two feet above~the gronnd. The land side is seven feet long. At the rear a horizontal cutting plate is arranged to cut under the soil on the land-side a distance of ten inches. - -The furrow will be cut as shallow' as possible, not exceeding three or font incheB. The plough. 1 will be attached tira sulky, and will require a I team of twelve stout animals to draw it. Mr 1 'Barnhart'a theory in regard to' tale-ploughing I ib that the furrows should be as wide as I possible, and it would be better if the whole eod could be turned over without making a 1 farrow. It is with this eod in view that he has- ordered this mammoth plough-— Stockton Indesewtont. . . Church, iiul is a queer place. Tor young ^ lovers to ramble after dark. -It's sa d that ^^__ there's a ghost to be seen up that way ion dark ^^^fr nights, and maybe timid females may get ^^^ frightened. We shall soon have tbe Baldwins here,' and they'll exorcise all spirits, even adulterated spirits. Mr James Martin and Mr James Dawson are going to Europe, and their many friends I will mis» them sadly when they're gone. It ie a pity the price oharged f or .the farewell banquet was so high, as the gathering to it would hate been more. universal bad it been' otherwise. I hope they'll have a safe voyage home,Jkindly greetings when they get there. and a sale passage Dace again. . . i Professor Baldwin and his talented partner 1 are creating astir in Adelaide by revealing j the past, present, and future, and giving any j amount at information on things mysterious j and spiritual. . There's not much fear, of] Ba'dwin being ever bound long, since ropes, j thongs, and handenfis are mere trifles to him *nd he loses himself in a fe«r seconds. Con venient this if he should be taken a prisoner ft must be highly interesting to him to be able :to communicate with thow srho lived in tbe world a few centuries ago, and 1 doubt not if be comes to Gawler thereil be many a 'chiel.' $iere .who will be asking' for tidings of Sir Walter Seott and Bobbia Burns. As the auld wivessay, it's wonderful J aye, wonderful how fee does kail! i— ? — ? Eonnearhas got in a new stock of saddles, and says he's. '.giving them away.' With horseflesh 'cheap, and'saddles given- in, no one need ever thiuk of walking much. ThiB shows how we're progressing. \- ' THE BABOBSA OOIdD 'TIBLDS. Hearing that some , parries are going out to prospect in the vicinity of the bid Barossa diggings and ? other, auriferous localities in tbe same direction, Tve just hit off the experiences ?in rhyme 'of lone who worked there m the jftuuij uuyu gune ujr. Hurrah for old Barossa, where in. happy days : of yore, . . Ii dug about and fossick'd along with many ( more ; s ? Then gold was got in plenty, and nuggetB from the soil, And Fortune smiled upon us, and did reward o'ur toiL - I remembered howwe worked there, and rich too was the claim. Hole after hole around us was sunk with just the same Results of more than wages as we .o'er turned And brought to light good prospects of bright rich, yellow gold. How it tbrill'd one's soul to see it, to know . t1 was all one's own. Then was felt true independence, and we favors sought from none j And we might have reat'd a homestead, and ' , with comfort settled down. And done a bit of farming, and brought pro duce into town But dor eyes were'' then attracted to some regions far away, We'd read of in the, papers,- but knew not where they lay s - .-. *'Tib distance lends enchantment,' bo the proverb tells us true, For. .though doing well at home here we much . better wished to do. It was said that monster nuggets there on the snrface lay. Reported, too, each gully for surfacing would pay, Men there could make their fortunes any time within a week, So with a mate I started, this golden spot to seek. . All the hardships we encountered can hardly . here be told, Before we reached this diggings, and tried in vain for gold ; There *were thousands too, who like us, had -tramped for. many miles. To meet with disappointment instead of mak ing 'piles,* So we set our faces home ward, for the dear old ? spst again, . Anil vpVa -rnt. hunt to Bai- ossa. and mean here to remain. ... ?. * There's a moral in my ditty, which I hardly need to tell— : - ,? Don't be led away by rumors, for when one's doing well, , 'Tis good then to continue to work on just the same, . For you never know what Fortune may send you Id your claim. The -nicest ? nrasio our residents at present desire to hear is the musio of the rain pouring Gawler was dull enough during the holidays, I only saw a single individual; in the street His wife and children had taken advantage of, the exoursion train and goipe to town, leaving him to mind the bouse. He felt 'so wretched that he went into the street to find a com panion, and looked amazed when he met me. Poor fellow ! if he was mimed how could be be a single individual P 