LADY JENKINS. ' " Had I better go 3 I should like to." " Go 1 why of course you had better go," aoewered the squire, putting down the letter. " It will be the very thing, for- you, .Tnhnnv " Afro Trtrl hxxtlorr it Wo were saying-yesterday that you ought to have a change." I had not been well for some time ; not strong. My old headaches stuck to me worse than usual; Duftham com plained tbat the. .pulse:., was feeble. Therefore, a letter from Dr. Knox of Lefiord, pressing me to go and stay with them, seemed to have come on purpose. Janet had added a postscript " You must come, Johnny Ludlow, if it is only to see my two babies, aud you must not think of staying less than a month." Tod was from home, visiting in Leicester shire. Three days, and I wasoffbagand baggage. To Worcester first, and then onwards again, direct to Lefiord. The very journey seemed to do me good. It was a lovely spring day : the hedges were bursting into bnd; primroses and violets nestled in the mossy banks. You have not forgotten, I daresay, how poor Janet . Carey's hard life, -her troubles, and the sickness those troubles brought, culminated in a brave ending when Arnold Knox, of Lefiord, made her Ins wife. Some live years had elapsed since -then, and we were all of ns that much older. They had asked me to visit them over and over again, but until now I had not done it Mr. Tamlyn, Arnold's former master and present partner, with whom they lived, was getting in years ; he onlv attended to a few ef tile elJ patients now. It was a cross-grained kind of route, and much longer than it need have been could we have gone straight as a bird flies. The train made all sorts of d£tours, and I had to change no less than three times. For the last few miles I had had the carriage to myself, but at Toome Junction, the last station before Lefiord, a gentle man got in : an elderly man with grey hair. Not a syllable did we say, one to another — Englishmen like —and at length "In to time --exactly," cried this gentleman then,.- peering out .at the gas- lighted station,." the clock's on the stroke of eight" .Getting my '-portmanteau, I looked about for Dr. Knox's brougham, which would be waiting for hie, 'and soon pithhed ppon' One, standing -near the fiys. : But my late fellow: passenger strode on : "befojre.ine, ' : "I thought I spied yon out, Wall," - he said to the coachman. "Quite a chance' you1 being here, I suppose!" : " I'm-iwaiting. for a gentleman' from Worcester, sir," ' "answered the man,' looMng"Ufi COmnlonly pleased, as he "toubh&Lhis; hat . "Dr. Knox couldn't come himself." ' " Wellj l suppose yon can take me as well as the gentleman from Worcester," answered the other, as he turned round from 'patting the old horse, and saw me standing there.. And we got into the carriage. It proved to be Mr. Sbuttleworth, he who had been old Tamlyn's partner for a short while, and had married his sister. Tamlyn's people did not know he was coining to-night, he told me. He was on his way to a distant place, to see a relative who was ill ; by making a round of it, he could take Lefiord, and drop in at Mr. Tamlyn's for the night — and was doing so. Janet came running to the door, Mr. Tamlyn walking slowly behind her. He had a sad conntenance, and scanty f grey hair, and looked ever so much older I than his actual years. Since his son died, poor Bertie, the sunshine of life had gone out for him. Veiy much surprised- were they to see Mr. Shuttle- worth as well as me. Janet gave hb a sumptoua tfca dihner, pouring out unlimited -cups of tea and pressing us to eat 'all the- good ithings. Except that -she haii Ifilledonti'a little froin the skeleton she -was, and looked as joyods -now as she had -once -looked: sad, I saw little difference in her. Her boy, Arnold, was aged three and a half : the little girl, named Margaret, after Miss Deveen, oould just'walk. " Never were such children in all the world before, if you listen to Janet," cried old Tamlyn, looking at her fondly — for he1 had learnt -'to love Janet as he would a daughter— and she laughed shyly and -blushed. " You don't ask after mine," put In Mr. Sbuttleworth, quaintly ; " my one girL -She is four years old now. Such a wonder -1 such a paragon ! other -babieB are nothing to it, as Bessy says. Bessy is silly over that child, Tamlyn." Old Tamlyn just shook Xiir head. They suddenly remembered the one only child he had lost, and changed the subject. " And what about everything ?" asked Mr. Shuttleworth, lighting a cigar, as we sat round the fire after dinner, Janet having .gone out to see to a room for Shuttleworth, or perhaps to contemplate her sleeping babies. "I am glad you have at last given up the parish work.". " There's enough to do without it ; the practice increases daily," criedTamlyu. " Arnold is so much liked." " How are ail the old patients ?" "That is a comprehensive question," smiled Tamlyn. " Some are flourishing, and some few are, of. course, dead." " Is Dockett with you still ?" "No. . Dockett is in London at St. Thomas's. Sam Jenkins is with us in his place. A clever young fellow : worth two of Dockett." " Who is Sam Jeukins ?" "A nephew of Lady Jenkins — you remember her? At least, of her late husband's." "I should think I do remember Lady. Jenkins," laughed Shuttleworth. "How is she? Flourishing about the streets as usual iu that red-wheeled carriage or tiers, uaxzuug as tue rising sun ?" "Lady Jenkins is not well," replied Tamlyn, gravely. " She gives me some concern." "In what way does she give you concern V " Chiefly because I can't find out what it is that's amiss with her ?" " Has she been ill long ?" "For some -months now. She is not very ill : goes our in her carri.tge to dazzle the town, as you observe, auct has her regular soirdee at home. But I d on't like her. symptoms : I dou't understand them, and they get worse. She has never been well, to say really well, since that French journey." " What French journey ?" " At the end of last summer my Lady Jenkins must needs get it into her head that she should like to Bee Farie. Stupid old thing, to go all the way to France for the first time in her life ! She did go, taking Mina Knox with her — who is growing up as pretty a girl as you'd wish .to see. And by the way, Shuttleworth, Mina is in luck. . Hhe has .had a fortune left her. An old gentleman, not related to thorn at all, except that he was Mina's godfather, left her seven thousand pounds last year in bis will. Arnold is the trustee." " I am glad of it. Little Mina and I used to be great friends. Her mother is as disagreeable as ever I suppose ?" " As if she'd ever change from being t/iat 1 I have no patience with her. She fritters away her own income, and then comes here and worries Arnold's life out with her embarrassments. He does for her more than I should do. Educates young Dicky for one thing." "No doubt Knox always had a soft place in his heart. But about Lady Jenkins ?" "Lady Jenkins went over to Paris with her maid,, taking Mina as her companion. It was in August. They stayed three weeks there, racketing about to all kinds of show places, and overdoing it finely. When they got to Boulogne on their way back, expecting to cross over at once, they fonnd they had to wait. A gale was raging, - and the boats could not get out. So they put up at an hotel there ; and. that night Lady Jenkins was taken alarmingly ill — the journey and ( the racketing and the French living had ; been too much for her. Young people can stand these things, Johnny Ludlow: old ones can't," added Tamlyn, looking at me across the hearth. " Very true, sir. How old is Lady Jeukins ?" "Just seventy. But you'd not have thought her so much before that French journey. Until then she was a lively, active, bustling woman, with a good- natured, pleasant word for everybody. Now - she is weary, dull, inanimate; seems to be, half her time, in a kind of lethargy." i " What was the nature of the illness ?" asked Shuttleworth. ." A seizure ?" . "No, nothing of -that sort. I'm sure. I don't know what it was," added old Tamlyn, rubbing back his scanty grey hair in a kind of perplexity. " Anyway, . they feared she was going to die. . The French doctor said her getting well was a miracle. She lay ill ten days, keeping her bed, and was still ill and veiy weak when she reached home. Mina believes that a lady who was detained at the same hotel by the weather, and who came forward : and offered- her ' services- as nurse, saved - Lady JerikinsY life; She was so j kind and attentive ; never < going to her j bed afterwards until Lady Jeukins was up from hers. She .came home with them." . . . " Who did ? This lady ?" j " Yes ; and -she has since remained ! with Lady. .Jeukins -as companion. She > is a . Madame St Vincent; a young : widow " " A Frenchwoman !" exclaimed Mr. Shuttleworth. | " Yes ; but you'd not think it. She speaks English just as we do, and looks English. A very nice pleasant young womau; as kind and loving to Lady Jenkins as though she were her daughter. I am glad they fell in with her. She — oh, is it you, Sam V A tall smiling young fellow of eighteen, or so, had come in. It was Sam Jenkins : and, somehow, I took to him at once. Mr. Shuttleworth shook hands and said he was glad to hear he promised to be a second Abernethy. Upon which Sam's wide month opened in glee, showing a set of nice teeth. " I thought Dr. Knox was here, sir," he said to Mr. Tamlyn, as if he would apologize for entering. " Dr. Knox is gone over to the Brook but I should think he'd be back soon now. Wby, is he wanted ? " Only a message, sir, from old Willoughby's. They'd like him to call there as soon as convenient in the morning." "Now, Sam, don't be irreverent," reproved his master. " Old Willoughby ,! I should say Mr. Willoughby if I were yon. He is no older than I am. Yon yonng men of the present day are becoming very disrespectful : it was different in my time." Sam laughed pleasantly. Close npon that Dr. Knox came in. He was more altered than Janet, looking- graver and older, his light hair as wild as ever. He was just thirty now. Mr.' Shuttleworth. left in the morn ing, and afterwards Dr. Knox1 took me to see his step-mother. Her house (but it was his house, not hers,) Rosa Villa, was in the suburb of the town called the London Road. Mrs. Knoxwas a dark, nnpleasing looking woman ; her voice harsh, her crinkled black hair untidy — it was never anything else in a morning. The two 'eldest girls were in tbe room. Mina was seventeen, Charlotte twelve yeara younger. Mina was the prettiest ; -a fair girl with a mild face and pleasant blue eyes, her manner and voice as quiet as her face ; Charlotte seemed rather strong minded. " Are you going to the soiree next door to-night, Arnold ?" cried Mrs. Knox' as we were leaving. "I think not," 'he answered.- "Jane wrote to decline." " You wished her to decline, I daresay !" retorted Mrs. Knox. " You always did despise' the Boires, Arnold" Dr. Knox laughed pleasantly. "I have never had much time for soir4es," he said ; " and Janet does not care for them. Besides, we think it unkind to leave Mr. Tamlyn alone;" at which latter remark Mrs. Knox tossed her head. "I must call on Lady Jenkins, as I am np here," observed Dr. Knox to me, when we were leaving. "You don't mind, do you, Johnny ?" about her last night." It was only a few yards higher up. A handsome dwelling, double the size of Rosa Villa, with two big -iron gates flanked by imposing pillars, on which- was written in gold letters, as large -aB life, " Jenkins Honse." Dr. Knox laughed.' "Sir Daniel Jenkins recliristened it that," he -said, dropping his voice, - lest any ears-should be behind the open windows : "it used to be called 'Rose Bank.' They moved up here four years ago ; he -was taken ill soon -afterwards and died, leaving- nearly all his money to his "wife unconditionally : it is over four thousands -year. He-was in businesa "as drysalter,-and was knighted - during the time he was -mayor." " Who -will come in for themoney ?" "That is as Lady Jenkins pleastes.- There are lots of relations, Jenkinses.- Sir Daniel partly brought np-two -orphan nephews— at "least he paid for 'their schooling and left each -a little 'money' to place them out in- life. . Yon. have seen the younger of them, Sam, who is with us ; tbe other, Dan, is articled to a solicitor in the town, old Belford. Two other cousins are in the drysalting business ; and the ironmonger, Sir Daniel's youngest brother, left several sons and daughters. The old drysalter had .uo end of nephews and nieces, and might have provided for them all Perhaps his widow will do so." Not possessing the faintest idea of what " drysalting" might be, unless it had to do with curing hams, I was about to enquire, when the house door was thrown open by a pompous looking gentleman iu black— the butler — who showed us into the dining room, where Lady Jenkins was sitting. I liked her at first sight. She was short and stout, and had pink cheeks, and pink turned up nose, and wore a " front" of flaxen curls, surmounted by a big smart cap with red roses and blue ribbons in it ; hut there was not an atom of pretence about her, and her blue eyes werejkindly. She took the hands of Dr. Knox in hers, and she shook mine warmly, saying she had heard of Johnny Ludlow. Turning from her, I caught the eyes of a younger lady fixed upon me. She looked about seven and twenty, and wore a fashionable black and white «nai;n nanm TTpf hair was Harlr. j UIUOUU fi" ' j her eyes were a reddish brown, her t cheeks had a fine, fixed bloom upon i them. The face was plain, and it struck I me that I had seen it somewhere before. ! Dr. Knox greeted her as Madame St. i Vincent j When we first went in, Lady Jenkins seemed to wake up from a sort of doze. Iu two minutes she had fallen into a doze again, or as good as one. Her eyelids drooped, she sat perfectly quiet, j never speolting, unless spoken to, and I her face wore a kind of dazed, or j stupid look. Madame St. Vincent talked enough for both of them ; she appealed frequently to Lady Jenkins — " Was it not so, dear Lady Jenkins ?" — or "Don't you remember that, -dear Lady Jenkins ?". and Lady Jenkins docilely answered " Yes, -dear," or "Yes Fatty." \- That - Madame St -Vincent was a pleasant woman, as Mr. Tamlyn had said, and that she spoke English as we did, as he had also- said, there could not be a doubt o£ -Her tongue -could - not be taken for -any bnt a native tongue; j moreover, unless my -ears deceived me, it was native Worcestershire. Ever and ! anon, too, a. homely -word- would be dropped by her in the heat of conversation that belonged to Worcestershire proper, and to no- other county. "Yon :will come to my soiree this evening, Mr. -' Ludlow," -Lady Jeukins woke up Co say to me as we were leaving; "Johnny can come; I daresay he would like to," put in Dr. Knox ; although I and Janet cannot " " Which is very churlish of you," interposed Mme. St. Vincent. " Well, you know what impediments lie in our way," he said, smiling. " Sam can come up with Johnny, if you like, Lady Jenkins." "To be sure; let Sam come," she answered readily. " How is Sam '? and how does he get on V " He is very well, and gets on. welL" Dr. Knox walked down the road in silence, looking grave. " Every time I see her she seems to be more altered," he observe d presently, and I fonnd he was speaking of Lady Jenkins. " Something is amiss with her, and I cannot tell what. I wish Tamlvn would let me take the case in hand 1" ' Two peculiarities obtained at Lefiord. The one was the universal dinner hour, no matter how mnch yon might go in for fashion, was in the middle of the day ; the other was that every evening gather ing, no matter how unpretentious, was invariably called a soirfie. They were the customs of the town. The soiree was in fall sway when I reached Jenkins House that night — at six o'clock. Madame St. Vincent and Charlotte Knox sat -behind, the tea table in a cloud of steam, filling the cops as fast as the - company- emptied them; a footman, displaying large white calves, carrying reund a tray of- bread-and-butter and cake. Lady Jenkins sat near, the fire in an easy chair, wearing a red velvet gown and iofty.rtiirban. She nodded to the people as they came in, and smiled at them with quite a silly expression. -Mina and Charlotte Knox were in white muslin and pink roses. - Mina looked very pretty indeed, and as mild as milk ; Charlotte downright and stroDg minded Every five minutes or so, Mme. St.. Vincent — the white streamers on her rich black silk dress floating behind her— wonld leave the tea table -to ran up to Lady Jenkins and ask if she wanted anything. Sam had not come with me : he had to go out with Dr. Knox. "Mr. Jenkins," -announced the pom pons butler, showing in a tall, young fellow of twenty. He had just the same sort of honest, good natured face that, had taken my fancy in - Sam ; aud I guessed that -this was , his- brother,,. the solicitor. He came np (to Lady Jenkins. . ' " How do you do, aunt i" . he said, bending to Mss her. "Hearing of your, soiree to-night, I thought I might come." " Why, my dear, you know you may come ; you are always welcome. .Which, is it ?" she added, looking up at him stupidly, "-Dan or Sam ?" " It is I — Dan," he answered : and if ever I heard pain in a tone I heard it in . his. " You are Johnny Ludlow,- 1 know !" he said, holding out his hand to me ib the warmest manner, as he turned from his annt. . " Sam told me about jBll viiis 'iiiviiiiilgt ' n n" no wBio mviivm from that moment. , Dan brought himself to an -anchor by Mina Knox. He was no beauty certainly, bnt -be -had a -good face. . Leaning over Mina's chair, he began whispering , to her — and she whispered back again. Was there anything between them ? It looked like it — at anyrate, on his side-rjudging by his earnest expression and the loving looks that shot from his honest grey eyes. " Are you really French ?" I ashed 6f Madame St Vincent-.wlule standing by, her side to drink some . tea. 1 "Really?" -she 'answered,- jamiling, "Why?" ; "Because you speak ,Englah exactly like- ourselves." " I speak- it better than I do French," she candidly said. "My mother .was English, and our old maid (Servant was English, :and they educated me. between, them. It-was my father who- was French —and he died early." "Was your -mother An native, of Worcestershire?" "Gh-dear no : she came from Wales. What-made-you. think of each :a, thing?" "Your accent is justlike our Worcester-, shire accent I am1 , W orcestershire myself?" -and- Iconld -have thought you were." She shook her -head. ; " Never . was there iu my life, Mr. Ludlow, Is that why you looked at me so much when you were here with. Dr. Knox this morning ?" "No: I looked at you because your, face struck me as being familiar," I frankly said. " I thought I must have seen it somewhere before. Have I, I wonder ?" ? Very likely — ifryou have been much in the South of France,", she answered : " at a place called Bretage." " Bnt I have never been at Bretage." "Then I don't see how we can have met; I have lived there all my life. My. father and mother died there ; - my poor husband died there. I -only came away from it last year." "It must be my fancy, I suppose. One does see likenesses " "Captain CollinBon," shouted the butier again. A military looking man- got up in the pink of fashion, loomed in with a lordly air ; you'd have said the room belonged bushy curls, bushy whiskers, a moustache, and a fine flowing beard, all of a purple black. Quite a flutter stirred the room : Captain Collinson was evidently some body. After making bis bow to Lady Jeukins he distributed his favours generally, shaking hands with this person, talking with that At last he turned our way. "Ah, how do you do, tnadame ?" be stud to Madame StViucent, his tone ceremonious. " I fear I am late." . It was not a minute that he stood before her, only while he said this ; but, strange to say, something in her face or voice struck upon , my memory. , The face, as much as could be -seen of it for hair, seemed familiar to me — just as madame's had seemed. " Who is he ?" I whispered to her, following him with my eyes. " Captain Collinson." " Yes, I heard the . name. .But — do you know anything of him ? — who he is ?" She shook her head. . " Not mnch ; nothing of my own knowledge. Ho is in an Indian regiment, and is home on sick leave." " I wonder what regiment it is ? One of our fellows at Dr. Frost's got appointed to one in Madras, I remember." " The 30th Bengal Cavalry; is Captain Coliinson's. By his conversation, he appears to have spent nearly the whole of his life in India.. It is said he is of good - family, and has a snug private fortune. I don't know -any more of him than that," concluded Madame St. Vincent as she rose once more to go to Lady Jenkins. " He may have a snug private fortune, and he may have family, but I do not like him," put in Charlotte Knox, in her decisive manner. " Neither do I, Lotty," added Dan — who was then at the tea table : and his tone was just as emphatic as Charlotte's. He had come up to get a cup of tea for Mina. Before he could carry it to her, Captain Collinson had taken up the place he had occupiedatMiDa's elbow, and was whispering to her in a most impressive manner. Mina seemed all in a flutter, — and there was certainly no further room for Dan. " Don't you want it now, Mina ?" asked Dan, holding the cup towards her and holding it in vain, for she was too much occnpied to see it. " Oh, thank you — no — I don't think I do want it now. Sorry you should have had the trouble." Her words were just as fluttered as her manner. Dan brought the tea back and put it on the tray. " Of course, she can't spare time to drink tea while he is there," cried Charlotte, resentfully, who had watched what passed. That man has bewitched her, Dan." " Not quiet yet, I think," said Dan, quietly. " He is trying to do it There is no love lost between -yon -and him, I see, Lotty." " Not a ghost of it," nodded Lotty. " The :town may be . going wild in its admiration of him, but I am not.: and the sooner he betakes himself back to India to his regiment, the better." i " I hope -he will not take Mina with him," said Dan, gravely. " I hope not, either. But she is silly enough for anything." " Who is that, that's silly enongh for Anything ?" cried Madame St. Vincent, whisking back to her place. Mina," promptly replied Charlotte. " She asked for a cup of tea, and then said Bhe did not want it." Some of the people sat down to cards ; some to mnsic ; some talked It was the usual routine at these soirees, Mrs. Knox condescended to inform me — and what more, she added, could be wished for ? Conversation, music, and cards — they were the three best diversions of life : not , that she herself much cared for music. FoorLady Jenkins did not join actively in either :- Bhe mostly dozed in her chair. When anybody spoke to her, she would wake np and say Yes or No ; but that was all. Captain Collinson stood in a corner, talking to Mina behind a sheet of music. He appeared to be going over its bars with her, and to be as long doing it as if a whole opera were scored there At nine o'clock the sapper-room was thrown open, and Captain Collinson iiauueu ill xiauy <J cmuiis. jxeavy suppers were not the mode at Lefiord ; ' neither; as a rale, did the guests sit down, save a few -of the elder ones ; bnt the table was covered with dainties. Sandwiches, meats in jelly,, rissoles, lobster salad, and such like things that could be eaten with a fork, were supplied in abundance, with sweets -and jellies. " I hope you'll be able to make a supper, my dear," said Lady Jenkins to me in her comfortable way — for the eating seemed to .wake, her np. "Yon see, if one person began to give a grand Sitting-down supper — fowls and ham, and that kind of thing— others .would think themselves obliged to do it, and everybody can't afford that So we all confine -onrselves to this." " And I like this best," Lsaid " Do you, my dear : I'm glad of that. You eat away, now. Dan, is that you ? Mind yon make a good supper." We . both made a famons one. At least, I can swear for myself And, at half-past ten, Dan and I departed to-" gether. "" How' very good-natured Lady Jenkins seems to be 1" I remarked. She is good-natured as the day, and always was," Dan warmly answered " She has never been a' bit different from what you see her to-night — kind to ns alL You should have known her though in ner best days, before she got ILL I never saw anyone so altered." "What is it that's the matter with her ?" "I don't know," answered Dan. " I wish I did know. Sam tells me Tamlyn does not know. I'm afraid he thinks it is the break-up of old age. — I'd be glad, though, if she - did not patronise that Collinson so much." " Everybody seems to patronise Mm." " Or to let him patronise them," cor rected Dan. " I can't like the fellow. He takes too much upon himself" " He seems to be very popular. Quite the fashion." " Yes, he is that Since he came here, three or four months ago, the women have been running after him. Do you like him, Johnny Ludlow?" abruptly added Dan. " I hardly know whether I do or not : I've not seen much of him," was my answer. "As a rule, I don't care for selves. The truth is, Dan," I laughed jokingly, " yon think Collinson shows too much attention to Mina Knox" Dan walked on for a few moments in silence. " I am not mnch afraid of that," he presently said. "It is the fellow himself I don't like." " And you do like Mina ?" " Well - yes ; I do. If Mina and I were older and my means justified it, I'd make her my wife to-morrow — I don't mind telling you so much. And if the man is after her, it's for the sake of her money, mind, not for herself I'm sure of it. I can see." "I thought Collinson had plenty of money of his owa" "So he has, I believe. Bnt money never comes amiss to an extravagant and idle man ; and I think that Mina's money makes her attraction in Coliinson's eyes. I wish with all my heart she had never had it left her !" continued -Dan, explosively. " What did Mina want with seven thousand pounds 1" " I daresay you would not object to it with her yourself" " I'd as soon Dot have it. I hope I shall make my own way in my profession, and make it well, and I would as soon take Miua without money as with. I'm sure her mother might have it, aud wel come for me ! She is always haukering after it." " How do you know she is ?" " We do her business at old Belford's, and she gets talking about the money to him, making no scruple of openly wish ing it was hers. She bothers Dr. Knox, who is Mina's trustee, to lend her some of it. As if Knox would ! — she might just as well go aud bother the moon. No ! But for that confounded seven thousand pounds Collinson would let Mina alone." I shook my head. He could not know it, Mina was very pretty. Dan saw my incredulity. " I will tell you why I judge so," he resumed, dropping his voice to a low key. "Unless I am very much mistaken, Collinson likes somebody else — and that's Madame St Vincent. Sam thinks so too." " It was more than I thought. They were cool to one another." " But we have seen them when no body else was by," contented Dan. " When he and she were talking together alone : and I can tell you that there was an expression on his face, an auxious- ness, an eagerness — I hardly know how to word it — that it never wore for Mina. Coliinson's love is given to Madame. Rely npon that" "Then, why should he not declare it?" " Ah, I don't know. There may be -various reasons. Her poverty perhaps — for she has nothing but the salary Lady Jenkins pays her. Or, he may not care to marry one who is only a companion : they say he is of good family himself Another reason, and possibly the most weighty one, may be, that Madame does not like him." " I am sure she does not She gives him angry looks, and she turns away from him with ill-disguised coldness. And so, that's abont how the state of affairs lies up there," concluded Dan, shaking hands with me as we reached the doOr of his lodgings. " Captain Coliin son's love is given to Madame St. Vincent, on the one hand, and to Mina's money on the other ; and I think he is in a pretty puzzle which of the two to choose. Good night, Johnny Ludlow. Be sure to re member this is only between ourselves." A week or so passed on. Janet was up to her eyes in preparations, expecting a visitor ; no other than Miss Cattledou — if you have not forgotten her. Being fearfully particular in all ways, and given to fanlt-finding, as poor Janet ODly too well remembered, of course it was neces sary to have things in apple-pie order. " I should never hear the last of it as lopg as Aunt Jemima stayed, if so much as a speck of dust was in any of the rooms, or a chair out of place." said Janet to me laughingly, as she and the mpids dusted and scrubbed away. i" What's she coming for, Janet ?" " She invited herself" replied Janet : " And indeed we shall be glad to Bee her. Miss Devon is going to visit some friends in Devonshire, and Annt Jemima takes the opportunity of coming here the while. 1 am sorry Arnold is so bnsy just now. He will not have mnch time to give to her — and she likes attention." i The canse of Dr. ' Knox's increased occnpation, was Mr. Tamlyn's illness. For the past few days he had had feverish symptoms, and did not go out Few medical men would have found the indisposition sufficiently grave to remain at home for ; but Mr. Tamlyn was an exception. He gave in at the least thing now : and it was nothing at all unnsnal for Arnold Knox to find all the patients thrown on his own hands. Amidst the patients so thrown this time was Lady Jenkins. She had caught cold at that soiree I have just told of Going to the door in her old- fashioned, hospitable, way, to speed the departure of the last guests, she had stayed there in the draught, talking, and began at once to sneeze aud cough. " There 1" cried Madame St. Vincent, j when my lady got back again, " yon have gone and caught cold." "I think I have," admitted Lady Jenkins. " I'll send for Tamlyn in the morning." " Oh, my dear lady Jenkins, we shall not want Tamlyn," dissented Madame. " I'll take care of you myself and have you well in no time." But Lady Jenkins, though very much swayed by her kind companion, who was ever anxious for her, chose to have up Mr. Tamlyn, and sent him a private message herself He went up at once — evidently taking Madame by surprise — and saw his patient The cold, being promptly treated, turned out to be mere nothing, though Mme. St Vincent insisted on keeping the sufferer some days in bed. By the time Mr. Tamlyn was ill, she was well again, and there was not much necessity for Dr. Knox to take her ; at least, od the score of her cold. But he did it One afternoon, when he was going up there late, he asked me if I would like the drive. And, while he paid his visit to Lady Jenkins I went in to Rose Villa. It was a fine warm afternoon, almost like summer, and Mrs. Knox and the girls were sitting in the garden. Dicky was there also. Dicky was generally at school from eight o'clock till si-r, but this was a half holiday. Dicky, eleven years old now, but very little for his age, was more troublesome than ever. Just now he was at open war with his two younger sisters and Miss Mack, the governess, who had gone indoors to escape him. Leaning against the trunk of a tree, as he talked to Mrs. Knox Mina, and Charlotte, stood Captain Collinson, the rays of the sun, now drawing westerly, shining full upon him, bringing out the purple glow of his hair, whiskers, beard, and moustache deeper than usuaL Captain Collinson incautiously made much of Dicky, had told him attractive stories of the glories of war, and pro mised him a commission when he should be old enough. The result was, that Dicky had been living in the seventh heaven, had bought himself a tin sword, and wore it strapped to his waist, dangling down beneath his jacket. Dicky, wild to be a soldier, worshipped Captain Collinson as the prince of heroes, and followed him abont like a shadow. An inkling of this ambition of Dicky's and of Captain Coliinson's promise, had only reached Mrs. Knox's ears this very afternoon. It was a ridiculous promise of course, worth nothing, but Mrs. Knox took it up seriously. "A commission for Dicky! — get Dicky a commission !" she exclaimed in a flutter that set her bracelets jangling, ju9t as I arrived on the scene. " Why, what can you mean, Captain Collinsou ? Do you think I would have Dicky made into a soldier— to be shot at? Never. He is my orly sou. How can ycu put such ideas into his head " Dou't mind her," cried Dicky, shak ing the captain's coat-tails. "I say, captain, don't you mind her." Captain Collinson turned to youuc Dicky, and gave him a reassuring wink. Upon which, Dicky went strutting over the grass plat, brandishing his sword. I shook hands with Mrs. Knox and the girls, and, turning to salute the captain, found him gone. " You have frightened him away, Johuny Ludlow," cried Charlotte : but she spoke in jest " He was already going," said Miua. " He told me he had an engagement." " And a good thing too," spoke Mrs. Knox, crossly. "Fancy his imparting dangerous notions .to Dicky !" Dicky had just discovered our loss. He came shriesing back to know where the captain was. Gone away for good, his mother told him. U pon which young Dicky plunged into a fit of passion and kicking. " Do you know how Lady Jenkins is to-day ?" I asked of Charlotte, when Dicky'6 noise had been appeased by a promise of cold apple pudding for tea. " Not so well." "Not so well! I had thought of her as being much better." " I don't think her so," continued Charlotte. "Madame St Vincent told Mina this morning that she was all right ; but when I went in just now she was in bed and could hardly answer me." " Is her cold worse ?" " No ; I thiuk that is gone, or nearly so. Sbe seemed dazed — stupid, more so than usual." " I certainly never saw anyone alter so greatly as lady Jenkins has altered in the last few months," spoke Mrs. Knox. " She is not like the same woman." " I'm sure I wish we had never gone that French journey !" said Mina. " She has never been well since. — Oh, here's Arnold 1" Dr. Knox had come straight into the garden from Jenkins House. Dicky rushed up to besiege his arms aud legs ; but, as Dicky was in a state of flour — which he had just put upon himself in the kitchen, or had been put upon him by the maids — the doctor ordered him to keep at arm's length ; and the doctor was the only person who could make himself obeyed by Dicky. " You have been to see Lady Jenkins, Arnold, said his step-mother. "iow is she i" " Nothing much to boast ofj" lightly answered Dr. Knox. "Johnny are you ready ?" " I am going to be a soldier, Arnold," put in Dicky, dancing a kind of war- dance round him. "Captain Collinson is going to make me a captain like him self." " All right," said Arnold. " You must grow a little bigger first." " And, Arnold, the captain says — oh, my !" broke off Dicky, " what's this ! "What have I found J" The boy stooped to pick up something glittering that had caught his eye. It proved to be a curiously-shaped gold watch-key, with a small compass in it. Mina and Lottie both called out that it was Captain Coliinsou's, aud must have dropped from his chain during a recent romp with Dicky. " I'll take it to liim at Lady Jenkins's," said Dicky. "You will do nothing of the sort, sir," corrected his mother, takiug the key from him : she had been thoroughly put out by the suggestiou of the " commis sion." " Should you chauce to see the captain when you go out," she added to me " tell htm his watch-key is here." The phaeton waited outside. It was the oldest thing I ever saw in regard to fashion, and might have been in the firm hundreds of years. Its hood could be screwed up aud down at will, just as the perch behind, where Thomas, the groom, generally sat, could be closed or opened. I asked Dr. Knox whether it had been built later than the year One. " Just a little, I suppose," be answered, smiling. " This vehicle was Dockett's special aversion. He christened it the ' conveyance,' and we have mostly called it so since." We were about to step into it; when Madame St. Vincent came tripping out of the gate up above. Dr. Knox met her. " I was sorry not to have been in the way when you left, doctor," she said to Mm in a tone of apology : " I had gone to get the jelly for Lady Jenkins. Do tell me what you tMnk of her I" " She does not appear very lively, he answered : " but I can't find out that she is in any pain." " I wish she would get better ! — she does give me much concern," warmly spoke Madame. " Not that I think her seriously ill, myself I'm sure I ;do everything for her that I possibly can " Yes, yes, my dear lady, you cannot do more than you do," replied Arnold. " I will be up in better time to-morrow." " Is Captain Collinson here ?" I stayed behind Dr. Knox to ask. " Captain Collinson here !" returned Madame St. Viucent, in a tart tone, as if the question offended her. " No he is not. What should bring Captain Collin son here ?" " I thought he might have called in upon leaviug Mrs. Kuox's. 1 ouly wished to tell him that he dropped his watch-key next door. It was found on the grass." "I don't kuow anything of his move ments," coldly remarked Madauie. And as I ran back to Dr. Kuox, I remembered what Dan Jenkins had said —that she did not like the captain. And I felt -L/au wait rigub. Dr. Kuox drove home in silence, I sitting beside him, and Thomas iu the perch. He looked vety grave, like a man pre-occupied. In passing the rail way-station, I made some remark about Miss Cattledon, who was coming by the train then on its way ; but he did not appear to hear me. Sam Jenkins ran out as we drew up at Mr. Tamlyn's gate. An urgent message had come for Dr. Knox : Somebody taken ill at Cooper's — at the other end of the town. " Mr. Tamlyn thinkB that you had better go straight on there at once, sir," said Sam. "I suppose I must," replied the doctor. "It is awkward, though" — pulling out his watch. "Miss Cattle don will be due presently, and Janet wanted me to meet her," he added to me. " Would you do it; Johnny ?" "What — meet Miss Cattledon? Oh yes, certainly." The conveyance drove on, with the doctor and Thomas. I went in-doors with Sam. Janet said I could meet her aunt just as well as Arnold, as I knew her. The brougham was brought round to the gate by the coachman, Wall, and I went away in it Smoothly and quietly glided in the train, and out of a fivst-class carriage stepped Miss Cattledon, thin and prim and upright as ever. " Dear me ! is that you, Johnny Lud low 1" was her greeting to me when I Stepped up and spoke to her ; and her tone was all vinegar. " What do you da here?" « I came to meet you. Did you not know I was staying at Lefford ?" " I knew that But why should they send you to meet me ?" « Dr. Knox was coming himself, but he has just been called out to a patient How much luggage have you, Miss Cattledon ?" " Never you mind how much, Johnny Ludlow : my luggage does not concern you." " But cannot I save you the trouble of looking after it ? If you will get iuto the brougham, 1 will see to the luggage : aud bring it nn iu a fly, if it's too much to go <m the box with Wall." " Yon mean well, Johnny Ludlow, I daresay ; but I always see to juy luggage myself I should have lost it times and again, if I did not." She went pushing about amid the porters and the trucks, and secured the \ luggage. One not very large black box went up by Wall ; a smaller inside with u& Bo we drove out of the station in state, luggage and all, Cattledon holding j her head bolt-upright " How is Janet, Johnny Ludlow ?" " Quite well, thank you." " And those two children she has got — are they very troublesome I" " Indeed, no ; they are the best little things yon ever saw. I wanted to bring the boy with me to meet you, but Janet would not let me." " Um 1" granted Cattledon : "showed a little sense for once. What is that building ?" " That's the town hall. I thought you knew Lefford, Miss Cattledon ?" " One cannot be expected to retain the buildings of a town in one's head as if they were photographed there," returned she in a sharp tone of reproof wMch shut me up. "And, pray, how does that young woman continue to conduct herself?" she asked presently. " What young woman ?" I said, believ ing she must be irreverently allndinp to Janet. " Lettice Lane ?" Had she mentioned the name of some great .Indian Begum I could not have been more surprised. That name brought back to memory ail the old trouble connected with Miss Deveen's emeralds, their loss and their finding : which, take it for all in all, was nothing short of a romance. But why did she question me about Lettice Lane ? 1 asked her why. " I asked to be answered, young man," was Cattledou's grim retort " Yes, of course," I said with deprecation. " But how should I kuow auything about Lettice Lane " " If there's one thing I hate more than another, Johnny Ludlow, it is shufliiug. i ask you how that young woman is going on j aud 1 request you to answer uit" " Indeed I would if I could. I dou't understand why you should ask me. Is Lettice Laue not living still with you — with Miss Deveeu ?" Cattledon evidently thought I was shufliiug, lor she looked daggers at me. Lettice Lane," she said, " is with Janet Kuox." " With Janet Knox ! Oh dear no, she is not." " Don't you get into a habit of con tradicting your elders, Johnny Ludlow. It is very unbecoming in a young man." " But — see here, Miss Cattledon. If Lettice were living with Janet; I most have seen her. I Bee the servants every day. I assure you Lettice is not one of them." She began to see that I was in earnest, and condescended to explain in her staff way. " Janet came to town last May to spend a week with ns. Previous to that, Lettice Lane had been complaining of not feeling strong : I thought it was nothing but her restlessness ; Miss Deveen and the doctor thought she wanted country air — that London did not agree with her. Janet was parting with her nurse at the time ; she engaged Lettice to replace her, and broughther down to Lefford. Is the matter clear to you liuw, yuuug ul&li; , "Quite so. But indeed, Miss Cattle don, Lettice is not with Janet now. The nurse is named Harnett, and she is not in the least like Lettice Lane." " Then Lettice Lane most have gone roving again — unless you are mistaken," said Cattledon severely. " Wanting country air, forsooth 1 Change was what she wanted." Handing Miss Cattledon over to the care of Janet, when we arrived, who took her upstairs, and told me tea would be ready soon, I went into Mr. Tamlyn's sitting-room. He was in the easy chair before the fire, dozing but opened his eyes at my entrance. " Visitor come all right, Johnny ?" "Yes, sir, she is gone to take her cloaks off! Janet says the tea is nearly ready." "lam quite ready for it," he remarked, aud shut his eyes again. I took up a book I was reading, " Martin Chuzzlewit," aud sat down on the broad, window seat, legs up, to catch the now fading light. The folds of the crimson curtain lay between ine and Mr. Tamlyn — and 1 only hoped Mrs. Gauip would not send me into convulsions and disturb him. But she went well nigh to do it Looking, out of the hotel window and congratulating herself that there was a " parapege " to drop on in case of fire; sent me off! My hands were on my mouth and my shoulders silently shaking, when Dr. Knox came in. He went up to the fire, and stood at the corner of the man.tle-piece, his elbow on it, his back to me ; and old Tamlyn woke up. " Well," began he, "what was the matter at Cooper's, Arnold ?" " Eldest boy fell off a ladder and broke his arm. It is bnt a simple fracture." " Been very busy to-day, Arnold ?" "Pretty well." " Hope I shall be out again in a day or two. How did yon find Lady Jenktns !" " Not at all to my satisfaction. She was in bed — and in fact seemed hardly In Irnaar mo " Tamlyn said nothing to this, and a silence ensued. Dr. Kuox broke it. He turned his eyes from the fire, on which they had been fixed, and looked full at his partner. " Has it ever struck you that there's not quite fair play going on up there I" he asked in a low tone. " Up where ?" " With Lady Jenkins." "How do you mean, Arnold?" "That something is being given to her !" Tamlyn sat upright in his chair, pushed his scanty hair back, and stared at Dr. Knox. " IF7«ztdo you mean, Knox ? What do you suspect ?" " That she is being habitually dragged ; gradually, slowly " " Merciful goodness 1 " interrupted Tatnlyn, rising to his feet in excitement. " Do you nieau slowly poisoned ?" " Hush ! — I hear Janet;" cried Dr. Knox. And that is all I can net in here. — Argosy. (To be Continued.) 