THE BOATMAN'S STOBY. "Feronmr?m at that No, idr, not likely to be enter. I never was really frightened but onae in my life I" (Only frightened oce in your life Come then, aptainl, tell ao all about It; It muas have been a rare fright $. last you all your life." " Wa t a ghoest " added the brother of the last speaker. " 1o, Master Alfred, it was no ghost; I don't believe In ghateees, myellf." " Well. tell s all about it," repeated William Sinclair. "But I thought you young gentlemen wanted me to take you out shing;" replied the old boatmen, commonly alled captain Abbott. " So we did; but the sun Is hot now. and you said we should not cateo muoh as the wind ws east, o we would me-a rathaerhe what frightened you, and go out fshlag another time." " Ye ; in the eventag" bhimed in Alfred Sinelair. "When the aun has gone down; and the wind may have changed from tL seat by then. ioo know. oaptao." "Vay like it may, dr; oten does just before sunet. Now, if you young gentle menlike to do s, Il row you e.ss the harbour to Bapparee Coe, and we ean slt In the abade there, and .II 'mend my nat a bit, while I spin a yar for youe" " We'l row, and you steer," nlaimed the two broths, Jnump Into the boat sud tkfig the care. Is iWh t s alled ltp paree Can fort" Cnm'st my, sir unless it be that smug gling need to be arried on here; its a eevenienat plane to n r a hoao. i, you ee. Sote gSp hias ps were lost? e? the rooks here lagnr ego and many a gold dout. loon found Lie way Into lIsoombe frou them. Mind eur oar, Yr. Alfred. here we are. Now I' llak theb boat feat and bring my nuatu niee pisee to pned an hoer or ao. to my thinakin? e neede be Wbat do you ay, sir t" soid Abbott, appelieag to the eider brother. "ltbhljnhLt' llwoQest pnes I erwe ,aw. staptins wih thse boutifal i es at oar taeksad all thwou soks unning out into thes. mAod now. eapsela, fhr your story," mid Willian. throwing himself en she dry, warm eand near Atbotte and sthdle his eyes with his hat, while Alfred seated hm on a huge esoe on the ether side the sailor, sad ommeand shying popples Into the "I've been thinkig. oo ngetlame, I ean't tell you what eed me witieas saiing you a ged bit ol my flife S"All the tter. Now begln, a the sor books alwys do, with' Ose upon a tine.'" Abbott took e bink hat sau wiped his fees wish his dheretle severln tees le weeas an blon f?l~nh inb bias gume sad with grey, "I wes b? s at Clonlly, y~oder," be b ., "i a Ui ved the the imt twelve r Iautusw ea of may Ul. You e see thle LutheUAe pnthere away to the Wl1s the petleet -Iloe in tld. ny thinkig. We monad n OeUsely ro IZ ehbe. M, ather was a espete nd I worked wi bLnWlhuets 'Iows ,cu e as Wo.es L am whoeIl eg I ol el to ae When S weas sah t a t I wej d w lsa 1 bat.a searpWe aertd l sad lesa $ s bt si I Idda'a, tas. aewg. w eoeteslp t ,snbItwrn lsnp a 'a ber to m. a, hoatth m.'w ,aU toaes. *wa iqs eea ln-~e e ~ N Ad~~pzL~ia~z~ P~ ··:-~hR·itM aso alrea yeway hboy, woasept his wife, If he was good wife .to him; but, oh, Jam, mid what yop're doing, and don't do what ouan any epet oL ones and for ever.' " SI did amt like to msay muoh, and mother -?mk in that kind way, and not fing oat o nt Bnsans u am y mothers would, when di' approvekept me from being vaed ' You'll not leave me, Jam, if you do marry ' she said, ' will you P My health's never good. you know, and Id ike thi to be your home so long as I live.' Father hd put a bit of money by, but it was all here, and Id never thought of leaving her, so said, ' o, mother, I'll not leave you. IIl always be your eon, even it I have a " 'You'll promise me that P' she said. ""Yes, mother, I promise,' I said. 'I promie willingly,' "' Thank you, my boy,' she answered, and gain she lit her thin hands on my had, nd kissed me. 'God bless you, Jam; and may He galde you in our choloe, and keep onu in all your ways.' "So she never said a word about me not having told her, sad she never said she didant like Sbuan, you see, so I could not but feel a bit esed with myself for never having taken. oonnael with mother, on let her know what I was thinking about. "Well, we went on, Susan and me, keeping -ompany some three years, and then I thought it was time we should think of ma-rying. My work was very regular, chiefly crpontering, and my wages good. " Wel, aked SBan about our msettling, but she was quite set on having a house of her own, and that I could not promise, 'Mother will be as good as your own mother could havers been,' I said, 'and there's two itting roams-one will be yours, Susan, and all your ern things in it.' No; she wasn't pleeed, and I wasn't, and we walked home nather put out with eaob other; and as we came nes the nursery gardens beyond the hurcoh. we meat the new upholsterer, Mr. Albert Strong, smoking like a chimney, and h took off his hat in a free ndeay way to ?asen. I didn't like it; and when he had oos on, says I, ' You know that young man, Susean' "' Koow him I Of coure I d. I should think everyone knows him by this time most genteel he is, and taken such a good bhop in High-street--he oomes from Landon.' "'The next time I met this Mr. Albert trong was a Banday afternoon, and to my urpriLs Susan was with him, and him seoking all the time. She coloured up bit and seemed aered at meeting me, for he had aent am word she could not walk, as her u had lodgers and wanted her in that day; and it was not a likely part of the place for me to be, too. However, she ecme orward and said saunt had let her go at last; it was a shsm, each a lovely evening, to stay in the house, and Mr. Surong ha? eenorted her till she could meet me. "'Whatever made you think of looking for me on the Toro ' said I, feeling uneomfortable. "'Do you think you're so small one cn't Me you r said she, lasoghing; sad I was nigh a foot higher than Mr. Steong, so if bhe had bee looking out for me no doubt, she might haoe seen me from the hill; and, perhaps, I ought not to have elpeoted any. thing. We walked on a bit together, snd then somehow I thought he made a sig to Sour, and ones more I felt uneomfortable, and leaped to knock him down. I've often wishedhad then; but hae took his leave madialy after, and I began to feel a lisct hetter. "*Very geatese h's dressed, isn't her aid Ss ams soon a be was out of hearing. '**Genteel, i It?* Oat I didn't know, ald. ' I thought hio ast aut have be? _cut out a a smnant : he couldn't batton it after a good dinner, I'll be bound.' "Beh a thing as it was ? Bloe clth and brai button end sma ll l behind. "' And his hair brshed as very genteel,' she eontionued; ' and smell so sweet.' " So we went on, and she seemed as id she would only talk that way. I could not get her to be grave, or think about the hou?e; nt that evening or any other time we were together. So never let me begin about oar sttlig aytla serious, if ehe could help it; ad es day, about a month alter the walk, I sid I thught ehs had something on er naed-was bar east good to her? . Oh, yes,' she md, ' eerybody woas ?etter to her than she desered.' "' Well, come home with me this eoe?log' Ssaid,u and havetes with us and me what tse'lt say to the tsee it's a long time, Susan, sines thee t ben to se mother.' Sam'. 1 an't,'s?e said, ' don'e ek ea; net tomight James, not to'nlght.' Woth tha she b t lointo teas, and turo g boa e me-we were jfet pasliag her se?t's at the t na-esa waved Mer bhud, and Thao rwe our al walOk ogeaer. " Nl. amaoia I sodU soft so P Vr sual, hr I Ld a puriotwlob lo 6"m. but jlt bas diunner lIs o to hbwr anLa. 'asu's sot s . abe s M. * Wet I.' I a. ptwud Ia* Wrhee abse got' "'O1I I rnaupp& a bI esd s'itap ur mawDUtwbf abo M, %X MY1 a% LU4 "I».' * so I we"t eatd io the othebr e, s d peMed Mr. m*aIg a smart bop; shte binds & u 0 htr.ia< infellr IMAM *04 OPO * woes all 0 d, s are saso esmde thead g -aseO t Imewaseast **e soed wha" woAl ie uo adl t o lnus essp ea" I we1 heon "ad sa deuar, Msd bHk io er wk UU aboul Age *sbeeks sedoboias e mobar emM Os m La hs %h A slr oabd so m- . Wse M., as hWto ld plutl a ever mwims 'JutL, don ha ose a * M w et bn' Mf I. ttlh serpi m I ts we 6hLoo a booA«« I= *Mthwr J.'. 'd pins*kl~irUMN«- eele Mrsw no* a Oh b - she es rOm 1 1lag es oi sdsess i .ast' *64g JmYIs. .aeOn sli b.i mrs ST1t I'm i1 oT sees. l tolts M'u 8III as r t A I s % w M U mla-izk t a ."m a. * nk t * wllt, kamIo Io*" MIL ^^4^&l;^~^.^f Utlttl^ o 1l^>i~l~l>er>m* hms#C I *c ^A'^*t^j^AMI^^i "I was not long gettieg to Lee, bt the clerk had gone out dahing, and the pon had ridden over to Buersteple. So I enmbed to the top of a hil and watched til the boats bega returning. It hd got so dark, I had to wait for the clerk to get a lantern befor we went to the chuah. HE brought out the book, and there, nor eneugh, w the marriage: Albert Strong and assa Torner. Mr. Wry had married them, and gone to Baertaple after, the clerk asd. I never spoke a word, ad went out of the obhurh, and straigbt home. "I went about my work a week or two. aod then I felt I hod no stomach for it. I must has a change of some sort, and I did not see how to get it, and leave the poor mother, either. I was turnin it over in my mind when a groom from Squire Basset's rode up, and said a young gentleman in his yacht was off Watermonth Bay, and wanted a handy man to do some little work on board at once; so he. being a friend of mine, called to give me the job. Even this wse different from what I had been at in Iliraombe, so I took rp my wallet, and told mother not to wait dinner for me; got a lift in a boat as the tide served, and was there in no time. " The yacht woas off Watermouth Island, (you must go and aee that, and the caves there, too, young gentlemen, some day; a beautiful trip it is.) Well. I went onboard, and Mr. Hamilton htmself was there, and told me at once all he wanted done. 1 did it to his satisfction ; he was going up and down and coming back every now and then, and asking me a question or two. "'Do yen know anything above working a ship ' said he. I've never been on board one like this, air,' I said, ' but, of course, I am u much at home in our fishing smokse and ebhlike craft, as on land, living always by the ses.' ' And you're a handy man, and can give Shand to snything goirng on, I har,' con tinued Mr. Hamilton. ' And a sober one, too, which is beat of all.' "'Yes, sir, I hope so.' 'And your name's James Abbot. I think ' "'yea aeir. ' Well, Abbot, don't leave the yacht till I retuar. You see there's a cold pie and some bread and cheese there; eat your dinner, and ll come back.' "In about an hour I heard him come back, and Squire Basett with him. I could hear them talking all the way, and somehow felt it was about me. So I got up and stood ready. My work was all done ad my wallet over my shoulder, and the two getlemea came in, and the squire nodded, and said, ' Good-day, Abbott. My friend, Mr. Hamilton, wants a stady, muetal tellow to go with him in his yacht to the Mediter ranean ; he's taken rather a fancy to you, and came to inquire of me.' "' The fat is, Abbott,' said Mr. Hamilton, 1 ' I've had so mouh trouble with my fellows gettling drunk, I've had no pace of my life; own I're a new erew. I don't wantyou to do much in working the vessel; but a handy man to wait on me, and take charge of thinga ad to do any carpentering required, will suit me far better than the dranken valet I had to send off before I had had him a month.' " Her was jsut what I had been longing forl 'And how long should we be away, sir' I asked. ' g' Eihbtan months or two years; not more, eartainly,' sid Mr. Hamilton. " I'dlike it above all thing, sir, an I think I could give you antiiaction. I've mny old mother at home, and I most speak to her befoe I oould give anything positive of an answer.' "'Where doe she liver said Mr. Hamil ton. ' Oh, I know,' said the aquire; 'at leant, my people do; we cn ?all thiL eveninE. as we peas through the town, and what Mrs. Abbott thinks of it.' " In the evening Mr. Hamilton came; he ahook handsicth mather, and very pleasan he was; he talked a good bit and he told her it was eNtraordinary the difoult then was in getting sober men, ad, with his smll ersaw, it weuld be madness to start if he oouldn't depend on them. 'They're far wore than animal.,' rays ha 'Positively, a monkey alter being once made drunk will neve touch t again, and just look at men 1' "Well, my dear mother never made so y trouble about my going. never theaght of herelf in the mattr. ' Jim.' b sa?d,' I'm far bette pleased in my heat. thab that Joa should have stayed at hom maried to Bausa ; be sen was worth as mnoh as yIo ,ttte bIng.' "W?l. we etted in the l?ebella We touched at Uhaet, of the cos of Fe~a. and then across the By of Bucy to Fearl. then Lisbon, Cadia, and Otbrealer, and up ad dowa the Medlteraneana, someae staying weeks at one pines. I enjoyed it all uncommon; saw Mount VYauvis moking, and lten watched it at night; It was eplndid to see the re. rising out of the rator. However, at last the timeo ame for an to retoen home. I bhad writte regular to my mother and heard often fromt her. I wsa't ery when Mr. Hamilton told as we wee homeward boad. We had the worst storm all through the two years a4 Cpa Fsalterre, bt our little cat weathered it, and we reshed S nthampton in safet two pens ead one mooth aines we left Heetead. "As tooe an Mr. Hamilton oeeo d spare Swe Iw t eaiu to be oh home, and I oft any enrl uer Tthaeday moastag, to eath the so olook 01 avernumes teain o Sater. I was going along the empty etreeto ate sheep pass, with a gooad big ondle on my stickover my shoulder, , wh all of aosdden guted out of a raantetig etws, ? dIca "Neyoungslotleuae, wheo 1 hope W'.Whn? trP rke I e bad evern M aned but con ewe the time, yitj ttds ad tU I hk i " deal I Nomrpt heaves sae, etm e d hRep. be loft to dibset l Udtee htstd wa be l wret-hed u -a had "t ye,_see, his deswr said posh aA l Ish, ass W fcan aeameemll al enr~tbeho~kt~he~bSd rej~ UIII rSYI1 ~LL~~LL~~LL~~LL~~L~~eew ll 63 'u~lul U ~i ha 4n -1rrr~rl wr ot enough to hias m wbas ·y g ow let and Iaug hold of hl raa: l Young gentemen, I w frightened them. - "Straight upon me fell the dea mans 1 saw his st?ing eyes, felt his sold fae gai mime. The horror of inthwsn thre eh m hsi ahivering my insode, amd I believe aNh tainted. Whena I recovered myself we liftl him mad laid him straight out behind the door, and I sat down on the satai a bit to get my heart eaga?. - SThere's no use telling the poor i?fe,' whlspered little Pegeoo; 'shae ca' live over the day; better not tel her. There was a distres? put in yesterdy, and all the poor things they had was took from shem; only her bed left, as she could not wnlt it. long; -?n better days; brought up quite genteel they was. I had brought hera cup of tea, but had no time to give it her when I found him there. Woold you, in charity, give it while I inform the polle ? I'm the oldest lodger. sad it will be ezpetel of me.' "I was too late for the elx o'clock traln, so I agreed to stay where I wea He m just going down the stain, when he turned back suddenly. ' Sir, do you know what brought him to that,' pointing to the wretched body, * and brought them to theta miserable state? I csa tell yeo. It we nothing but drink. He drask everything; wife and child m t starve, so he could get s drop of the devil's bottle.' " Then he hriedly left, sand taking up the tea I went toward the bed. There wasa little child fast ?leep, the mother a ta was hidden, sand her arms stretched over the child. At Aret I thought she was dead, but when I gently moved eno arm, I heard the quick, short breath. I put a spoonful of tea tin her mouth, and heard it swallowed; I gave a few more I then a turned over, and I saw her face. Yong genlemen, it was poor Susan, it was, indeed I "Her eyes were eloaed, but she took the tea eagerly; it refreshed her. She elt for her child, and her thin fingers moved in his curly hir, while big tear fell dow her "Pegeon came bck, steppinggently?eaee to me. "' ashe taken allr be sold; 'ek.1m glad. And the boy leep Very good.' " 'Here' I said, taking some money from my pocket, 'Pogon, go mnd ?et swo foed, some milk, a loaf of bred, a little bteedy. "' No, no,' he said, she won' touch that never would, poor sul She sald she knew what brady hbd brought him to, and abe would never wet her lips with it, ware she dying ever so.' S' Thenwhat you think beat; something for the child, sod some mest for yourself' I answered. Well, young gentlemen, she reoogniaed me before she died, end told me a bit of her history. ' It was drink.' she said 'that ruined him. We moved about from one town to another,' she said,' and we goe poorer end poorer, and the poorer wegotA more he drak. Oh, Jmes, orw bdly I behaved to you, and you mo kind I If ay gitl ws ? ever srely punished for her iing, foolish, deceitful ways, it's me. And what I could have seen In him, I'm ur I'r ease wondered? "Sa could hardly draw her breath, and I wa raid of her speaking too much. ' Oh, I buh rIe so little time,' she said. ' so little time; and I want to tell yno all before he "Shb did not know, and she could mnt m the ghastly thing lyiog in that ugly ear. s I did. I had are ren sed him. I doubt it ewen hi own mother would has known him now. 'Oh, Jame,' she cotind.'l, ''m shamed to ak you, but wht an I do I mcan' die in pear and think of hims eier hang bins I' end wit hr thi, a emli band she pued he hap's ee ha towards m. I promised I would take him and rear hm a if he had bee my own, ee she cried ad blesd m. She sl mid a few words after I had pleed I took him to church. 'farry, Harry,' she to show that that m his name. 1 knelt don ad aid, ' Or Fath r ' Gad ??e yeou,' she mid, and never spoke plin In an hoer oro it was all or. "1 got PFom to a?ge hbout ha funeral, and she was baried the same even lag; him and me followed her to the pg - with the baby in my arms. ht I muds pute Pageons poeseant and leaving chat wretched house, went to the Rillwy lee, ear the statison, whra I was to start from meat mreuing. Mother didnet knew when I mn ominug eo that eke had met bee frightned at me not aring; I had ely urles I would get away as seen em Kr. Hamilon oould apuem m. a good bI to go by esask at the end but we reebed Ilewetabe at lest, sad miohte hold of a hoy, I bade him as sto irs. Abbot ad tallher a 5emote ma tell him to say James ALbbes wold he at that evening ; so I found aether a ll Sthe look out for me. Sheleok* e?h?ra at the hild at S oet. 'W t's poer l mlk, ad then took him of with bt water, and b?oght him dowa gain thkg quite dlleeat. aMn. Hobb had ied while I wee awa eboet Harry. Sat lhe po e?l Gany sad ew ather alwy, ad e saleps m?d his ne wee Hmoay AbbttaI Im said nothlng again it. He wes the m eer Image hispr mwthr, he pret Uhy earl halr ?d st; didn't antu.e o faoa aiftather, even is a look. sad that m a sombre' As km grew higgar meshing wos please him bet the am' eed em, ehesha we shout itfeas, s l h I al's sl mrns at' Hamiltoeatoa y he had cseem toto a Issue pemeert and bad macslnd, eela wees n take L*d HRamilit (ha woe lir Jobs lsselte we) a tele wx thA bea N ever bait0 eei I had salm he'd beSow Y atMedo b Ege eerldehfaek" pats I shteaghUmel eIh Yeui5hs be# uph os m eshest s wet he welt bgall (at's oc *be akesha), na.6 sate - Y a sn i shem q t weep iet ge ason that hder~~ttMen~ l·r 4nlaIL~n~hdMr Mr 