SHADOWED FUflTB. r. It war a very foolish compact to make, bat both Osric and I. were at an age when foolish things are often done. Neither of us was turned twenty-one. We were, in fact, no- thing bnt a couple of - boys, however much we might choose to fancy ourselves of the world. My career in life was already decided upon. I had elected to become air artist and earn my bread by means of my brush and palette. I attended the Life School assiduously, and hadalready exhibited at one or two of the minor galleries. I had a couple of rooms on a third floor at Blooms- bury, and my particular chum, Osric Imray,- had the two immediately under me. ifc was notr a parr oi tne town tnat ms own tastes would have led him to live in. He had simply pitched his tent in that particular spot in order that he might be near me, al though I was nothing but a poor painter, while he was he son of a rich banker, and, in all probability, would, one day be a rich banker himself. \- But that was a point on which Osric asr yet could not make upi his mind. He hated the name of banker, and at present was co quetting with the law, ashe had already co-1 quetted with literature and the arts generally,' only to discover, after a greater or lesser loss of time and labour, that he had no real voca-; tion for any of them. His father, wise in his generation, did ho more than urge him gently, as one might coax an obsti nate but high- spirited horse toward the path - he would have him to follow. Mr. Imram, senior, probably judged that when Curler' should have had his fling,' and, after having tried half a dozen things, have throws eaGh of them up in turn, he would settle quietly down into the groove arranged for him by parental foresight. And the result proved the accuracy of his calculations. \ Meanwhile Osric had plenty of pocket money and very little to do, his legal studies being hardly more than a pleasant fiction, at which he was as readyto laugh as heartily5 as any one. Our evenings were nearly always spent either in his rooms or mine, - and many were the wordy arguments, per meated through and through with tobacco smoke, in which we indulged on such occa- : sions. On one particular winter evening, after be fogging ourselves for a couple of hours with some of the super-subtleties of German me taphysics, our talk wandered away into an other channel, and fell upon ghosts, appari tions, cases of second night, and such-like gruesome matters, till at length we so worked ourselves up that a louder rattle or wind m the chimney than ordinary made both of us start in our seats, and stare at each other with frightened eyes. - It was on this evening that the compact, which I have already designated as a foolish one, was made between Oscar and myself. We agreed, that whichever of us died first should (if permitted by the unseen power that rules the destinies of men) appear to the survivor and warn him of the event that : had taken place. W e were very much in. earnest in the matter, and as a proof of our determination to carry out the agreement— if permitted to do so — we then and there made an exchange of rings. I think we were both a little ashamed of our folly next morn ing, and the topic was hardly ever alluded to again between us. But when, some months later, Osric and I shook hands and said good-bye, knowing well we should not see each other for a long time to come, his last words to me were : ' You have not forgotten our compact ?' and mine an assurance that there was no likeli hood of my doing so. Osric was called to Scotland by the failing health of his father, and a week afterward I started for Italy, and ' did not again set foot in England for a couple of years. Ten years came and went, during which I only saw Osric some dozen times in all, and that was when he came to London on busi ness. He had long-ago settled down into a steady plodding banker, and was all that his father could desire him to be. Sometimes la aotma cah4>1i t ttoc in p.n mkovl OTl/1 WliCli lie miiitp ovuvu x or Wales, and at other times he had nobo even an hour to spare, so that our meeting® were necessarily infrequent. But fwith- the. « grip of each other's hand the old. spirit of - good fellowship came hack on the instant— - we were nineteen again, with the world all before us, and for the time being the years hat had parted us seemed to have no mora ' substance than a dream, October was here — October in Lakeland, bringing with it a change of weather that sent such brethren of the brush as, like late v swallows, still lingered, flying southward as fast as steam could lend their wings. I, too, . was one of the fugitives, but I took my flight by easy stages, stopping for a night wherever whim or fancy dictated, and; then. ; forward again next morning. On a certain chill afternoon I found my self at . a quaint old hostlery on the banks of ' the Dover. I was charmed with the appear ance of the place, and decided .to take np my quarters for the night. Supper, and v then to bed at the early hour of ten, plea santly tired, but not so much so as to cause > me to omit my favourite habit of- reading - myself to sleep. I put the caudle on a little table closeto.the head of my bed, bait well- ; out of the way of the curtains, ' After- half ' an: hour with .my well-loved Blia I dropped off, leaving the candle, a long one, still burning, ® practice I generally adopted when sleeping in. a strange place. After sleeping for some time I awoke sud denly and. ieompletely, with a vivid sense uponmeofhot beingASshe in the room. I opened my eyes and stared around, butt without lifting my head frapp, the pillow. ; -feome&mesron; wakmg up m a strange room ithas takenme a momentpr two to recol- . lect where I-Was, but in this caseI rectjg;- ni&e;&the;'rfoom : and Jits : furniture ' in in hi- ; staafc. The.caudlfe had lowaiida" beginning tbi flhtthK' #. Should fee 1# in WsfiSnli, mk opjgr stir the branches ,noteTeo . flfey :-t?; ..'a, . ' r';. - Loots Ctfithe frosty highroad. Nature, ani- ynate and inanimate, might have been jrfv&olc;' t left aEve jn the world of; shafipjr. I ehiverefi involuntarily aindMirew the bed clothes more closely-abeut me. As I have already said, there was a vivid pense upon me at the mOmbnt of waking! of sot being alone in the room.- I had a feel ing as if somebody had . been bending .over ane and breathing lightly upon my forehead. J could feel the terror that, shone out of my eyes in that first; tyaking j stare - round the zoom, while my glance travelled from the close cupboard on one' side, with the chair ertdll in front of it that I had put there, to 4he locked door on the o.ther side; But when nothing met my vie w save the commonplace room and its commonplace furniture — as like a hundred other inn rooms 2 had slept in as one . pea is like another — and when with a quick swish I had -dabbed back the curtain at the head of the bed, and liad satisfied myself that no one was hidden fiehind them, the, terror that had gripped my fieart but a moment before began to loosen Its hold. Another minute, and I dropped fiack with a rebound into the world of work- a-day realities, for which such tilings as jrhostly fancies and midnight tremors are cither unknown, or known only to be ridi culed. With a shrug and a yawn I nestled slown among my pillows, and made a mental -memorandum never to eat potted trout for cupper again. A minute or two later the death-like asilen.ee was broken by the faint chiming of Hjymfl far-off clock. I put forth a lazy hand, found the watch under the pillow, and drew it out to ascertain the time. It was exactly ialf-past one. I was putting my watch fiack, aud was congratulating myself that I fiiid still seven cosy hours of bed before me, when my wandering .glance was caught and .fixed by a strange and sinister-looking, -chadow on he ceiling of my room. I starel at it with wide-open eyes ; and, .as I stared, so vivid and realistic did it look, my heart for a moment or two seemed to -Stand still in dread, expectancy, and I felt as £f I were about to witness the consummation of some dire tragedy, which I was powerless to hinder or avert. But the shadow moved mot for ail my staring, and as before I had. Jeered at myself for allowing the foolish fancies that way-laid me at the moment of waking to have any effect upon m3, so now M. was not long in perceiving that what at the first glance had so startled me, could be, and Was, nothing more than the shadow of a .portion of the furniture of the bed projected my the light of the candle on to the ceiling, fiut distorted in the. act, as shadows often are distorted, beyond ordinary recognition. But although I was perfectly satisfied in my own mind as to the cause of the shadow, 2 was none the less impressed by the singu larity of the effect thus obtained. What I maw was the representation of a man, cloaked , mid wearing a slouched, hat— of. a man with a remarkable hooked and parrot-like nose- in the act of stooping over someone or some thing unseen, and striking down at the same moment with a knife or short dagger. Al- "thougli nothing but a shadow, it seemed in- atinct with a sinister and murderous purpose. Life seemed to breathe from its every curve. Won almost felt as" if you could see the wictim. An instant more and that dagger would descend. I stretched forth my hand, and moved the candlestick a couple of inches farther to the jight. At once the effect was gone. The ahadow was still there, but it was a shadow without meaning or nurnose. The slouched fiat was gone, the hooked nose was gone, the dagger was gone. Then I moved the candle stick a few inches to the left, the result f>ei eg another unmeaningshadow like nothing I had ever seen befcre. Then I replaced the candlestick as nearly as I could judge on the .spot where it had first stood. I wanted to aepro'duce the first shadow, but the result was something altogether different. Slightly piqued at my ill-success, I moved the eandle- artack here and there, constantly varying the 4tihape of the shadow, but never for a moment obtaining more than the slightest resemblance to the one that had so strangely startled me. It was unaccountable. Then, all at once, the candle flared out for a moment — the next, darkness swallowed me up. As a rule, the impressions which print themselves on our mental tablets during the dark hours, however vivid they may seem at the time, look but dim and faded reprodu; - tions of themselves in the clear light cf- scorning. So it was in the present case. The recollection of my midnight fancies served as food for a smile over breakfast ; then more serious matters claimed me, and I put them aside, as so many other trifles are put aside — to be remembered, perchance, atv some odd moment now and then, or, per chance, forgotten for ever. Two days later, I found myself in London, where some terrible news awaited me. My dear friend, Osriclmray, had been murdered -—murdered and robbed while travelling by xaiiway. It appeared that he had been from home, transacting certain business connected with She bank, and was on his return journey, Laving in his possession a large sum- iu notes cad drafts, when he met his sad fate. He fiad bribed the guard to lock the door of his compartment, aud so keep other passengers cut, but at a certain station he was found atabbed to the heart. The bag that had contained his property was missing, and the carriage door was unlocked. Purse, watch, jewellery — all were gone. Xt was evident that the murderer, whoever fie might be, must have quitted his own compartment while the train was en r>uet fiaving obtained access to Imray's compart ment while the latter was asleep, and haying accomplished his dreadful purpose, have gone back along the footboards of the car riages to hi3 own seat. A daring deed to do, without a doubt, but certainly not an impossibility. At the next station the murderer had doubtless left the train like any ordinary passenger, mid had solhifled with and been lost among the crowd fcefore the discovery of the crime. So effectually had he taken his precautions fihat all efforts-. to trace him prorwl nfcbejrly unavailing. . Gradually, as time went , op, excitement of the public wore itself out,. mod the attention , of mtofeed in other and uaoift itomefii tto ; ' - ' J f ;- | To all appearance, Imray's murder was£ destined to add one more to the long list of lpng&nd; sincerely. Iflany . recollection of tfie foolish compuckwe had entered into as young incn ever came: into my memory, it was speedily dismissed as something ^un worthy ofaerious thought. But it certtiflly did strike foe > as a fungnlav coincidence that the murder took' place, on the very morning, and (as nearly as .could -be calculated) at the very hour that1 X. had beeii startled by that strange shadow, on the ceiling of my bed room. . It struck; me as a siugular coinci dence,; and nothing more. Some six or seven months had passed away, when a commission to paint a certain picture necessitated my taking a journey from London to a place some distance north of Aberdeen. I left, home early one morning, hoping to reach my journey's end some time in the course- of t he forenoon of the following day. ; In order to do this, it was necessary that I Should travel all night. About ten o'clock, being alone in my com- partment and thoroughly tired out, I dropped into a refreshing sleep. The train was stiil dashing along at express speed ivhen I awoke with the sensation of not having been asleep more than a few minutes. . . I looked at : my ! watch, and was surprised to find how late: it was; Then I rubbed the window and peered out, but the night was moonless and . over cast. Not:even the vaguest outline could he discerned of the great hills. sleeping around, whose sacred silence we seemed so rudely to ; disturb. I let down the window to obtain a breath of fresh air. A minute later the train shot into a tunnel. From my seat close to the open window- 1 could .see the clear reflection of each lighted compartment ph the blacky damp wall of the tunnel.'; There, too, was Ely, own shadow, sharply foeussed on the wall, as I sat peering j forward with, the peak of my travelling cap pulled well over my brows. And there, too, as I lived, and emanating from the next compartment, was a second shadow still more sharply defined than mine — the twin shadow of that other shadow I had seen six months before in my inn bedroom. So well did I remember its every feature — if a shadow can be said to have features — that it was impossible for me to be mistaken. There, as before, was the cloaked and stoop ing figure, the slouched hat, the parrot-like nose, and there above all, was tne uplifted arm and the hand that clutched a dagger. I seemed to freeze as I looked. Not to have saved my life could I have either stirred or spoken during those few moments. As before, the shadow was motionless, or would have been, but for the slight oscillation of the train. The tragedy, if such it were, did not advance— the uplifted dagger did not fall — the unseen victim put forth no arm in self- defence. Another minute and we were out of the tunnel, and the shadow, foeussed no longer on the black enclosing walls, radiated into space and vanished. " I was more disturbed in my mind than I would have cared to own. What did this second appearance of this same ominous shadow portend ? Was it sent as a warning, or as a clue to the murder ; or was it merely one of those singular coinci dences, by no means uncommon in everyday life, bat which we yet find it impossible satisfactorily to explain ? For that night, at least, Macbeth had murdered sleep.' By and by the train slackened speed. We were approaching the station at which we were timed to stop. Before the train came fairly to a atand my carriage-door was openod and I was on the platform. No one had time to leave the compartment next- to mine: no one did leave it. I tried the door ; it was locked ; I peered through the windows ; the compartment was empty. I made my way. to the .guard of the train. 1 The middle compartment of that carriage is empty and locked,' I said; 'but there was certainly some one in it as we came through the tunnel just now.' For a moment he looked startled. Then lie hld up his lamp and. looked at the num ber painted oil the door. 4 M 8S,' he said, as he read it. 'No, sir, no one was in that carriage as we came through the tuimel. No one has been in it since we left B . I ocked it there myself : and, as you see, it is locked still. ' — The Argoxy. (TO BE eOtttlSXTBO.) 