THE USES AND ABUSES OF HOLI DAYS. | (By a Holiday Rambler.) When Bob Cratchit meekly insinuated that he would expect to hare a holiday on,Cnristmas Day his hardhearted employer suggested stop ping a day's pay for the undone day's work but even in his unconverted state, before he had been visited by Mxrley's ghost and shown the evil of his ways, Ebenezer Sarooge did not carry out that threat. Custom was too ^strong even for him. The few public holidays gazetted are an absolute gift to the claw of employes such as clerks, shopmen, and domestic servants. But when some one complimented an Adelaide employer of skilled labour the other day on bis liberality in giving so many holidays in the Christmas week be disclaimed the liberality, for all his employes took the holi days at their own expense. They lose their wages, they spend their money, and are generally considerably poorer at the end of the week. Hot only do they lose the four days* wages, on which their employer calculates, but as a rule there is only half the average amount of wages paid daring the fortnight after Christ mas Eve; for many— not unfrequently the best-paid and most skilful hands — are sot satisfied with tbe four days' respite, but con tinue to take their pleasure in a costly fashion till an empty purse and an aching head drive them back to the workshop to CII the one aud to compose the other. I do not say that this is universal, far from it ; but it is so general as to cause great uncertainty as to the performance of work at Christmas time. No one can promise to fulfil an order by a given date when so many of his best hands are what they nil holiday-making for an indefinite period ; and it is precisely the workmen of the greatest skill who can do this with impunity, for their services are so valuable that their masters must have them when they cheese to return to their work. A slower or less competent artisan would be told to go if he took such liberties. Are the abuses of holidays then so great that the holidays are unde sirable? Acd is the grouping of two or three together so as to allow employe* to travel at excursion fares and have a little country air, or to enable friends and relatives to have a pleasant meeting, so demo ralizing to the vicious and the weak that we had better re-establish the old rcjime of long hours and no holiday except the rigidly kept Sunday when travelling was tabooed as sinful!' I have heard really benevolent people say that it is their sorrowful conviction that for the present generation of unskilled labourers the best conditions would be to be well fed, well housed, and sufficiently clothed, but also to be kept close to work, for they have no idea of how to employ leisure well, and the more they have the more vice and mischief they will get into. After a generation has passed under more favourable physical conditions, and the risiog generation meanwhile has been more generally and more wisely educated, there would be safety in grant ing more leisure every day and idle days of com plete leisure for all. Every improvement in our social organization, however, must be made before the class for whom it is mainly designed has been educated to make the best use of it, and in spite of some blunders the possession of the leisure is the only possible meant of learn ing how to employ it. As it is the privilege of humanity at its best ia raise jlow propensities and appetites to noble passions and unselfish affections, as the natural self-regarding facul ties give a spur to enterprise and ingenuity, and in order that each man may live he must do something for society and labour to produce something which his fellows will be benefited by, in which he not seldom loses sight ot his own personal advantage; as tribal partiality rises to enlightened patriotism, and superstition to reverential awe of the Higher Powers— so is it the melancholy fact that man at his lowest can turn all things that are for his happiness and progress to be stumbling blocks in his path. And from olden times it tas been said that the Englishman takes bis pleasure sadly ; that ) his solid character has not the lightness, the careless grace of the Frenchman, and that he is so afraid ofjbeing ridiculous that he goes through a quadrille with the solemnity of a mute at a funeral, and can only be tempted to a picnic or pleasure-party by the excellence of the viands and the abundance of the wines. But a nation which bas the best school of humour in tbe world — that sort of fun which is most kindly and least acid — the nation which from Chaucer downwards has been richest in its contributions to descriptive poetry, to pleasant satire, and to good-humoured extravagance, cannot be deficient in the capacity for social enjoyment. The little crust of reserve which is our national characteristic is removed in one of two ways : by being in congenial society, where we feel that we will not be misunderstood ; by a moderate amount of alcoholic stimulant. And if people were contented with this moderate amount, in which there is an appreciable advan tage, there would be no harm done ; but example and custom often lead even educated nipn to cross the barrier. As the physician said, ' There is no hnrm in a certain quantity of wine or spirits : it is the uncertain quantity that does the mischief.' And as we cannot get the world to change its customs all at once it would be well if the ordinary beverage in use should give the maximum of pleasant needed stimulant with the minimum of insidious poison. A wine grcwirig country is said to be always compara tively a temperate country, partly because the wines are pure, partly because they are cheap, and therefore it is not the height of generosity and hospitality to bestow them on your friends or a sign of easy circumstances to use them freely yourself. But there are other circum stances connected with wine-growing countries which promote temperance. The first is the climate, which allows of pleasures being taken n famill in the open air to an extent which is quite unknown in England ; the second is that no wine-growing country in Europe has had a igidly observed Sunday. Whatever may be siid against the Continental Sunday, it is the opinion of many travellers thit the weekly ?eturn of a day only half devoted to religious worship and the other half given to recreations ? heap and common has made Contineatil peoples more orderly, more temperate, and more civil and obliging iu secultr holidays than any English-speaking com munity. I myself have been iu a dense crowd in Paris on the occasion of the Emperor's fete day. No carriages are allowed in the streets. It poured of rair., the roads were wet and muddy, and yet all Paris seemed to be out of doors ; but the immense good-humour that prevailed, the absence of jostling and pushing, the cheerful philosophy which walked about under umbrellas or without such shelter, made our Australian party wonder and admire. And the habitual Sunday afternoon spent in publia out cf doozs leads to organization with regard to vehicles, to entrances and exits to public places, much more thorough and satisfactory at all times than in London. On December 28 last there was as usual a great rash to Glenelg. A respectable young woman was coming up from Glecelg to see her sister, who was ill in Korwood. 'When she got to the station in Adelaide there was such a rash in from both doors that she, not being very strong could sot get out, and was /taken .down to Glecelg. She returned to town. Again she attempted to get out, and again she was cem pressed between the two strong bodies of p!e?sure-8eeken and forced to reman in the carriage. The guard by main force got her out at South-terrace a minute too late, for he had to catch her up again to save her being injured between tbe carriage and tbe rail; and she kept on the look-out till she reached Goodwood, where she alighted and walked to town, and got with, out much further trouble into a tramcar. In Pf ris long ere there had been a public holiday the Sunday crushes would have taught the pro prietors to label each; of the large carriage*, at one end 'This way out* and at the other 'This wny in,' and any transgressor wo'ild have been summarily dealt with. Even here the difficulty on summer Sunday for women and children to get out of the Glenelg carriages ought to have led to such a step long ago. Sydney Smith said that until a Bishop bad been bur jt alive in the locked-up carriages it was impossible to hope for any improvement in tbe system, and here it appears to be necessary that some one should be killed to indue ? tbe proprietors to take so simple a f tep for tie public comfort and safety a* this would be. But for this unseemly crush, which could be so easily ibviated, there is great pleasure in travelling on the Glenelg or Port or Northern line at holiday time aud seeing the family parties— sometime* three generations— with their baskets bent on a day's pleasure at the »e»' side or in tbe coumtry. On inch oocaaions all private vehicles are at such high prices that middle-class icople cannot afford them, and the greater facilities can be given by public conveyances tbe better. Good humour stands » good deal of crowding, and it is a break in the monotony of life to travel with so many people and to guess at their disposi tions, their avocations, and their circumstances from their looks or a few chance word*. An observant man, especially if to observation he adds sympathy, will pick up as much from an omnibus journey with two old women, or a pair of lovers, or a family party, as another devoid of these qualities will gather from the tour of Europe. Domestic servants think much of their holi dajs and stand ont for them, and families are often inconvenienced at times when they would like to receive their friends by having to do without their usual help. Evidently an enormous amount of money is spent by employe! during the Christmas and Easter holidays on excursions, picnic i, and other festivities. Asaociatiocs for any purpose are fond of getting up demonstrations when there is a leisure day for all the members, and there can fee no doubt that these things strengthen the body. The satire and ridicule which educated people throw from the height of then: cultiva tion ob Bands of Hope, Good Templars, teetotallers, and others are somewhat miiplaeeil. Some tort of excitement is what human nature craves, aDd if by musio and games and speech making that excitement can be given to counter act the more dangerous attractions of the pnblic-house — if the union of the members can be made so close as to remove the crust of reserve, so that on some subjects they caa talk to each other with tbe warmth and earnestness and sincerity which are the very saltoflife — we must not scorn them because their views are narrow asd then: expressions intolerant. A certain amount of narrowness is essential to immediate practical success. Tour man with large views who weighs the pros and cons of everything well before he begins to act] often remains inactive, while after all the one end and aim of our living is to be doing something. Every honest effort, even if it chances to do some harm, will do a greater amount of good. Though much remains to be done, though many blunders have been made, no man can look back ten, twenty, or thirty years without acknowledging that our social condition is advancing, and likely to advance still further if to the amount of leisure which has been go hardly won by the working classes is added the intelligence and the moderation whish will make it the boon it should be. 