ANOTHER FISHERY, 'Canning, bright Canning, we'll go to the Bridge on the Canning.7' This was the Old Madkhuj. chorus as three bright youths — Brown, Jones, and Robinson — were on their way to another fishery not previously made celebrated by a notice in the Inquirer, armed to the teeth with all sorts of deadly appliances for the destruction of the scaly monsters of the deep, and any other variety of the finny tribe. With hampers well packed with bait the boat is launched, and the business, as well as the pleasure, of the outing commences. It had been deter mined at a previous meeting that the party should sail up to the fishing ground, and as Brown knew something of boating, or said that be did, he was elected navigating-lieutenant and commanderin . chief, Joaes acting as chief officer and pilot, and Robinson, who was rather stout, as ballast and cook to the expedition. Long before Phoebus had hailed the morn, and Sol had tipped the hills with gold, all hands were afloat. There being no wind Jones proposed to raise it This was done by sending Robinson up to the Melbourne House, where he did halfa crown at 98. After this there was a special audit of ways and means, and while this serious operation was going -on so was the boat towards the centre of Melville Water, and there, as Sandridge in his ' Modern Mariner' describes a similar situation, ' It was a thing upon a classy sea.' By this time eight bells rang out, and Brown passed an observation and discovered that the sun was over the fore-yard, and that it was necessary to look through a glass at it. This was done by all hands, and the ballast was called on to serve up dinner. Ballast, otherwise Robinson, who was a family man when at home, had as much idea of cooking as Jones had of sailing a boat, especially when there was no wind ; but he did his best. He knew from experience that eggs were often boiled in the coffee, which made them look as if they were from game fowls ; so he tried a few rashers in the kettle with startling results. There was a link in his mind allying eggB with bacon, but he was true to his post. He defied the ghost of Soyer or the resemblance of any other artiste de cuisine, because he had been called on and elected to perform a certain duty, and that was to trim the ship, and as he dabbed himself the Doctor, poor fellow, he had only an old nail-keg, but with that alone he showed an expansion of talent only understood by the French. Roast salted round was acknow ledged as a great Buccess, as it was served up with Epps's cocoa sauce and sardine trimmings. At this juncture several other observations were taken, and afterwards orders were given for the watch to torn in, and they did to find themselves between Scylla and Charybdis. Thereupon Cap tain Jones ordered the crew to man the mainmast and the boom and make for land. This was done in splendid style without rollocks ; Capt. J . aiding with the rudder, which he had unshipped. The vessel grounded about two hundred yards from shore; so Robinson, as the ballast, was thrown overboard and he said he liked it, as there were no whales about, and that he didn't intend to do Jonah. After struggling through the shallow, the captain in the meanwhile ^'^''g the sun's zenith distance through a seduced light of square, with Mill Point Light House bearing N.E. J North, the boat stranded, and was abandoned by captain and crew — what did they care for Bottomry bonds and salvage ? Ballast was all they looked to, and he was quite equal to the occasion, as may be judged from his diary : — 'April 1st, 5 a.m. — Tried a little Mamme with a dash of Harwood ; felt better ; I wonder whether Jemima tb*-'^B Fm in a watery grave. 6 a.m. — Brown and Jones kicking me up to make an early meal ; I don't see it ; they wasted fried soles, and they were fried, cat them all off the fishing boots, and with chopped Limerick hooks seemed to go down. 8 p.m. — Captain took a lunar ; described the Southern Cross and the pointers thereto, also the accompany ing ' Coal Sack ; ' oar chronometer being out of order, we boiled it, and took dead reckoning ; local brew and 'battle axe' were drawn in, and the equation of time was reduced to the moment of observation and reduced to a declination by Jones not being in the zenith ; he said he couldn't help it, but it would be all right next time. 10 p.m. — Mosquitoes, and rest ; I like that soothing hummiug ; I can sleep beneath the fanning of those tiny wings that soothe the weary ; thought of Jemima, of the little ones at home, and how Airs. R. must be enjoying herself while her brute of a husband was out oil a fishing excursion with low fellows who indulged in colonial ale. 11 p.m. — Tried a round at poker upon the shore ; Jones, rather cheeky, going to disrate him upon the Board of Trade rules that after a sixth tumbler of toddy a captain should be able to distinguish between a back-stay and a bob-stay ; the argument was carried by the majority, weary, cast ashore on an in hospitablo coast To be continued, particu larly the catching of the fish. From post meridian to the blush of daylight I regret tossy there was a deal of swearing; it might have been that something had disagreed with my friends, but by the morning light the cause was revealed — Jones was a mass of bumps, while Brown had two bung eyes. I, as an eld traveller, had turned our boat bottom upwards, and came, like Aphrodite, fresh from beneath. The Fbemaktlb 'Gbebn.'— A public meeting was held at Fremantle on Monday evening for the purpose of taking steps to induce the Government not to disturb the public reserve at the Port known as ' The Green,' which is at present the intended site for the Railway Station. The result of the meeting has not reached us ; but we understand a memorial, well supported, will be presented to the Government as soon as some additional signatures are obtained. Crrr Improvements. — We notice among other improvements going on in the city tbe partial completion of Messrs. Smith & Co.'s extensive shop-front and premises iu Howick Street The buildings are, although connected, subdivided by a cor ridor, and are arranged, with duo regard to lighting and other conveniences, for the drapery aud grocery departments, and, when fully completed, will show up to excellent advantage. 