Echoes from Home. BY MAJOR VERITAS. So the Polytechnic Institution is gone at last! On the day upon which the telegram announcing its destruction by fire appeared, I heard numerous ejaculations from Brisbanites who had known it, but tfcey generally were confin&d; to the laconic expression " Poor old Polytechnic.'^ It was a friend of Pur youth, was the Poly technic, and many a colonic will hold it as Bach in grateful remembrance. It departed a good deal in later years from its e&vher; traditions, and its management was full of trou 1 hlet. In this respect the fire will have destroyed » Gordian knot, and will—for it is not for a monu6l1 *1 to °c supposed that it will not rise from its afli!?68 — give the directors and shareholders a new starv- Perhaps even its old friends who dropped off one by one will come back again. Theoriginalintention was to make it the home of popularised science, but the public support accorded it in that capa city did not satisfy the shareholders. Gradually they paltered with principle, and introduced what they thought would be more attractive elements. It was one of the few places in London where parents who had conscientious objections to the theatre, and visitors coming up from the provinces to the May meetings, could go with their little ones without fear of leading them astray. The wonders of the diving bell, optical delusions, working models, and mechanical inventions—who does not call them to memory, together with the delightful excitement mingled with regret that it lasted no longer with which we walked out into Regent-street at the close of the entertainment ? By degrees Bcience was diluted to the lowest point, and the amusements, with out being aotually questionable to its former patrons, bordered as close as they dared upon burlesque, comic song, and buffoonery. The science lectures were there, the experiments were maintained, but only aa if they were sops reluctantly thrown in for appearance sake. The secession of Professor Pepper, rendered necessary on his part by the disagreements between the directors, was a bad thing for the institution, for he could not be replaced. He went as far as he could go in the direction of compromise, and then had to resign. Afterwards it was found that the Polytechnic was neither one thing nor the other, and its fortunes waned. If the pro prietors are wise they will return to their old lines, and utilise to the utmost the almost miraculous inventions and developments of modern science. It wsb always surprising to me that the place was not burnt down long ago, so cumbered were the confined premises with ancient properties and highly inflammable mate rials. In history the Polytechnic will principally be known as the birthplace of Peppers ghost— which, by the way, the professor himself, unless the fire changes his plans, is bringing to Australia. A much more serious fire was that which, in the second week in January, destroyed the Bir mingham Free Library. Such a loss is truly irreparable. No amount of insurance can cover it, for rare books are amongst the few things whioh can never be replaced. The Birmingham library was one of the best in the oountry ; in some respects without question the best. It was the pride of the Midland Counties. It had a continental reputation. I remember two emineti t German scholars who lived a month in Birming ham to consult its treasures. It is known tbat several of the volumes destroyed were the only copies extant. Gone probably for ever is the famous Cervantes library, containing every known edition of the great Spaniard's works— gone too the rare Knowle Guild Book, to anti quarians a priceless old MS. In short, in a few hours there vanished the greater part of 80,000 volumes, rare engravings, drawings, and prints. Fortunately a portion of the Shaksperian library is saved. It was the finest Shaksperian col lection in the world, as N became the county which is honored by including Stratford- on-Avon within its borders. It num bered 8000 volumes, whioh had been col lected at great expense and greater labor from all quarters of the globe. It is true, insurance will yield £24,000, and that the greater part of the £10,000 which the library committee at once resolved to raise has been given. But it is obvious that money, all powerful as it is, is powerless to restore what has here perished. The evil Buffered, the question as to its cause is naturally raised, and there is the customary display of wisdom after the event. It seems that the gas pipes were frozen, and that a careless workman, thaw ing them, allowed a pile of shavings to blaze near a number of temporary wooden partitions. It would be hard to deprive the public of the use of a Free Library after dark, but there are no gas pipes in the British Museum. Amidst all the wonderful inventions of modern science, is it not possible to devise buildings that shall be fire-proof ? But the mischief is done, and the Saturday that saw it must ever be a black-letter day in Birmingham history. When a few weeks ago I devoted a paragraph to the career of Carlo Gatti, who began life in London by Belling penny ices from a hand-cart in the streets, I Baid he had made a fortune. Who, however, could have dreamt it was bo large ? Besides his various businesses, inherited by hb sons, he leaves £60,000 for division between his widow and three daughters. For twenty years past we have been accus tomed, in the speeches of gentlemen re sponding for the toast of the Navy, to hear the statement, "My lords and gentle men, the navy is in a transition Btate." Into how many centuries is that transition Btate to be extended ? One may be well inclined to believe tbat we are only at the begiuuing. The wooden walls went, and now irou is going. The navy has just entered upon an age of steel, and the Conqueror, turret ship, recently commenced at Chatham, is its firntb' m. Hut the Government in w.irily, *.-■» if cum-chius that the time may at any moment rouie when armor-plating more impenetrable than nt*el will be forthcom ing The Conqueror will be uuly half the size of the unfortunate but representative Thunderer, and its guns will be but 38-tounerB —trifles by comparison with the 80-ton monsters of the In- flexible. Good naval authorities are already de claring that the new armor will not be invulner able to steel shot unless steel-plates more highly tempered than heretofore can be produced. Repeatedly have ateel Bhot gone clean through 12in. iron without being the worae for it The following lines from Cowley struck me, as they met my eye to-day, as metaphorically suit able for inscription on the banner of the Agricul tural Laborera' Union :— The fields which sprang beneath the ancient plough, Spent and outworn, return no harvest now, And we must die of want Unless new lands we plant. The decision of the majority of the judges in the Court of Queen's Bench, that the proprietor of a newspaper is not criminally liable for the publication of a libel, unless when he is shown to have had knowledge of the intended publica tion, has already had some effect Aotions for libel against newspapers during the last two years have become almost monotonous in num ber. Many of them were justifiable ; others not The day of "swingeing damages," how ever, has apparently waned, and plaintiffs have been in recent actions consoled with a farthing verdict. For their own reputation, journalists and literary men—it is unpleasant to observe —are, in the law courts, intruding themselves too much by half upon publio notice. There were no fewer than five cases in point pending at the end of January. At what age does a woman cease to be jealous ? At Enfield, in Middlesex, about Christmas time, an affectionate wife of 74 committed suicide through jealousy of her husband, a roving blade of 75. The colonisation of Central Africa is the latest Manchester idea. There is some talk of this project being the means of putting an end " to the iniquitous slave traffic." We know the meaning of this. It means nothing. If Man chester wants to open up the interior of Africa, the desire—we may go bail—has some thing to do with cotton goods. In fact the figures produced at a meeting of mer chants to discuss the subject, bore directly upon this aspect of the question. Stress was laid upon the fact that 2400 million yards of calico are sent annually to India. Why not to Africa? The prime mover is a Mr. Bradshaw, and it iB stated that he is in correspondence with the explorer Stanley. The arguments at the Man chester meeting were based upon Stanley's data. Some people will be suspicious about this, though it is true, some people are suspicious about any thing. However, the promoters of this scheme have as yet not got beyond preliminaries. A Free-trade Hall conference is to be called, Mr. Stanley is to be invited to attend, and the prac tical suggestion to be launched is that a trading company be formed—capital, ten millions ster ling. Mr. Bradshaw, the prime mover, seems to have his scheme cut, dried, and seasoned. He would develop the lake regions, running a rail way 500 miles long from the east coast to Vic toria Nyansa, and extending the line aa circum stances warranted to Tanganyika, Nyassa, and the Shira and Zambesi rivers. The leading men in Manchester somehow did not appear in the business at the time of the latest despatches. They are a cautious raoe. But if they do throw themselves into the scheme they will carry it out. It is the old-fashioned custom at home to give the inmates of workhouses a pint of small beer with their Christmas Day dinner. Upon that festival only throughout the year is the luxury allowed. For the other 364 days they are doomed to genuine workhouse fare. A Mrs. Scholefield, of Newcastle, and two other persons of the same sex and sympathy, hearing that the Newcastle guardians proposed to give the usual Christmas pint of table beer to the poor paupers, went in solemn deputation to the board to urge that the time-honored custom should not be observed. They so held forth, "orated," and protested, that they carried their point by a casting vote, though the meeting was by them turned into a bear garden. Having set the guardians by the ears, and robbed the wretched paupers of the modest treat to which they were looking forward, these deputationists were fully entitled to rustle their silks before their comfortable parlor fires, and get what consolation they could from their peculiar method of treating the friendless and forlorn. Concerning the rapid progress of the work at the Exhibition Building in Sydney tbe Evening News says : —" The total number of men now employed on the building is about 1000, and the pay-sheet last week waa considerably over £2500, and this week it will be much more. The four large towers have been started since our last re port, and already the brickwork is well advanced. Tbe eight staircase towers are in progress, and alto gether the works are rapidly advancing. The restaurant, initated by Mr. Clark for supplying the men on the ground with a ' square meal' for 6d., has been bo well patronised and found to answer so well, that Mr. Young has acceded to Mr. Clark's request, and he is building for him an additional building to accommodate the custo mers to whom with the present accommodation the caterer has been compelled to refuse admis sion." A meeting of the Anti-Chinese Relief Com mittee was held at the Town Hall last Monday afternoon. The members present were—Alder man Hubbard (in the chair), Messrs. W. Brookes, Taylor, and T. Morrow (hon. secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the secretary reported that there was at present a balance of about £250 to the credit of the fund; and it waa ultimately decided, as the money might be required by the committee in carrying out the objects which they had in view apart from the late strike, that it should remain in the bank for the present, and any interest accruing from it given to a charitable institution. It was also decided that a state ment should be prepared showing the sub scribers tbe manner in which their money has been expended. It waa reported that a seaman who had been imprisoned for an assault com mitted during the strike had been discharged from custody after serving his term, and was now in very indigent circumstances. The chair man and Mr. Taylor were appointed a sub-com mittee to enquire into the case, and empowered, if tbey found the man deserving of assistance, to grant him £5 to assist him in leaving the colony. 