THE TERRIBLE YEAR—1881. . The Hccord, Unio/h, 7th March, says: — Proftsior Norton, <>f the State Normal School, S.m Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Institute last night !upon the very interesting subject of " The Planatory Conjunction of 1881." T1 o prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great, planets brought again to the surface the o!d prophecy of Mother Shipton; and a score of other birds of ill-omen, who, backed by the recant appearance of the plague, hare pre dictod the most awful state of affairs to be inaugurated in 18S1, and to continue till 1887, during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, the elements continue iucou taut and awful perturbation, floods over whelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burat forth, the earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes swenp rond the world and nil waters bee mie poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation aud ruin in all the earth. Lately i« this State a so- called Pro fessor h.is issued a book in which ho has prophesied, from a conjunction of .Neptune Saturn, Jupiter, the Kartli, and Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing recited and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth and that the devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, how over, does not believe these tilings, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for hi*, faith. illustrated his remarks with diigt'a'.ns thrown upon the wall by meai.s of a niajjie lantern. lie began by saying thai we are never satisfied with tilings now present* The world is ever lookinir imckivard t„ the ir.jod old time, or forward to the good time coining. Somehow the forward outlook is never calm and cloudlesA it is also natural that men. should iook to pivotal events in nature, such t's the completion of tvtronnmioai cycles, asbeiu:; likely to involve L'reat crises in human allairs. The remark" able planetary apposition of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human superstition ami imagination. The lecturer here reads extracts from a recently-published pamphlet entitled "The Voice o.f the .Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur bet.veen the years 1880 and 1887, including; the annihilation of tho Chinese race and the death of 10,000,000 Americans from the plague ; terrible ntorms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, ifcc. lie also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's " Pyramid Religion," and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three sub stantially agreeing that— The world to an end shall come . In 1881. He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed to siiil have vitality, although the publisher of the " Shiploii Almanac" has openly confessed that lie added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a largo sale. The question before ns is, can there be any residual truth behind all this superstition and nonsense? The lectuver presented Prof. Delarue's theory of the rela tion of planetary conjunctions to sun spots ; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of tho sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram, showing the position of the planets, 31st Oct., 1881; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect of tho planets will not occur for many thousa id years. If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such elfects must soon be manifested. .Nevertheless, the planets are enormously distant. Then attractive force varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly conceivable that'mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the foretold disasters. The only remaining theory is that of a hypotheti cal electric inter-action between tho sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in times between such con junctions and atmospheric disturbances, where the theory of great, resulting evils failed utterly, and then read tile following letter from Prof. Young, of Princeton Col lege, the eminent scientist and astronomer:— " ti. 13. Norton.—Dear sir—Your note of enquiry is received. 1 answer briefly, as follows:—First- Your enclosed diagram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Sec.-lid—It is true that the planets will bo somewhat nearer their perihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third— There is no good reason for expecting re markable disturbances in the solar or terres trial atmosphere on account of such plane tary position. Professor Delarue thougnt that he had discovered a relation between them and sir.i spots, but latest, researches fail to substantiate the theory. Scientific astronomers consider tho new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about, equivalent to that of Mother Goose. — Yours, very truly, Charles A. Y'ouug." Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said: "We are justified in conclud ing that science has thus far given us no definite reason for expecting tho great tribu lation. Nevertheless, if public excitement shall cause men to cleanse their sewers aud mend their lives, ive may be thankful for the " voice from tho tombs," uttered by Piazza Smith, and the woeful forecast attributed to Mother Shipton." 