GENERAL NEWS. The departure of the s.s. Johu Elder is postponed till noon of Friday next. Communication has been restored on the Port Dai wiu telegraph lice. The It .M.S. Siam, with the English mails on board has arrived at Albany. She left Galle on the 3rd inst, and may be expected here on Sunday. On. Tuesday April 15, the Governor Musgrave left Port Adelaide for Port Victor in order to finish fixing the buoys in the harbor. The new hopper barge Goolwa took its first load of mud from the steam out to sea on "Wednesday morning, April 16. The business of the Adelaide juocal Court was delayed for a considerable time cn Wed nesday morning, owing to the absence of a third Jus vice of the Peace, who was necessary to con stitute a Court of Full Jurisdiction. The pre siding Magistrate, in commenting upon the in convenience caused by the absent gentleman, observed that it was a very unpleasant task to fine a fellow- magistrate, and in the only case where he had pursued that course the fiue was subsequently remitted by the Government. Ho did think, however, that as the tarn for service for each Justice of the Peace residing within a radius of 10 miles from the city only came about once in a year or 18 mouths, gentle men when summoned should have the courtesy either to give timely notice of their inability to attend, or to provide a substitute. Eventually Mr. Commissioner Hamilton filled the vacancy, and the busluess of the Court was proceeded with. A deputation from the South Gume racha Ward of the Hundred of Talunga, con sisting of Messrs. G. Kennings, J. Symonds, It. Fox, Wm. Lambert, and James Barty, waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. T. Playford) cn Wednesday, April 16, to protest against the alteration of the boundary of South Gnmeracba and Blount Torrens Wards as pro posed by a former deputation. It was repre sented that the whole of the Kenton Valley road leading to Lobetlial and Charles town, and which was used principally by people in the Mount Torrens Ward, would be added to the South Gitrae racha Ward. The cost of keeping this road and the by-roads leading to the Mount Torrens Ward in repair would very much ex ceed any revenue that was derived from the sections included in the addition, and thus it would be unfair to the ratepayers of the other portions of the South Gumeracha Ward if the alteration were made. BIr. Kennings said the people in Gumeracha township desired the addi tion, as they would be enabled to secure more votes in their portion of the ward, to the disad vantage of the outlyingparts. The Commissioner thought that the Kenton Valley- road was used principally by people in its close vicinity, and that the alteration proposed would briug nearly all these persons into South Gumeracha Ward. The alteration had bsen actually made before, but was never gazetted, and he was not aware that there was any objection tbeu. Ho promised to consider what the deputation had said when deciding upon the matter. Four tenders were opened at the oTice of the Architect-in-Chief on Tuesday, for the erection of the new S.A. Institute building. The tender of Messrs. Brown & Thompson was the lowest. Mr. Thomas Osborne has received the appointment of Superintendent of the Belair Inebriates' Retreat, which had become vacant by the resignation of Mr. H. Birt. Mr. Osbirne's testimonials are very satisfactory, and lead to the hope that he will prove an efficient person for the position he has to fill. We believe that he will enter on his duties next week, at which timcalFO Bfr. Birt will commence his new work as Secretary to tlie Young Blen's Christian Association. By tlio mail for America wliicli left Adelaide ou Tuesday, April 15, an invitation was sent to the Right Worthy Grand Lodge of the I.O.G T., which meets in Detroit, Michigan, on May 27, to hold its session in 1830 in Ade laide. This body has now beeu instituted twenty-five years, and has hitherto held its sessions in the United States, Canada, an.l England, but it has been deemed advisable to show that the Order is cosmopolitan in its character, by inviting it to pay a visit to Ade laide. This' Grand Lodge is composed of repre sentatives of the Grand Lodges situated in every part, of the civilized world, and its sessions are held annually in various parts of its jurisdic tion. An accident, wliicli proved fatal, occurred at Miilicent on Saturday afternoou, April 12, to Mr. Charles Leete, house steward at the Govern ment Engineer's office. Mr. Leete took liis gun and left the house to drive a cow into the pad dock. On Sundaymorniugjashehaduotroturnod, his wife went to search for him, and found him dead on the top of a brush fence shot through the mouth. She immediately fetched Mr. Koge/s, the Assistaut Eugineor, who after looking at the body seat for the police. The deceased, it is supposed, slipped whilst crossing the fence with the muzzle of the gun towards him, and that the trigger catching in the fence fired the charge. An enquiry was held before Mr. George Glen, S.M., and the Jury found that deceased was " accidentally shot." The Northern Argus states that {i"on Thursday morning, April 10, as the train wa9 proceeding from Blyth to Port Wakefield an accident occurred on approaching Saints Station, which fortunately did not result in anything very serious. It appears that thero are some badly-constructed points at this place, which were used when the line was worked by horses. The points on this occasion yielded to a 10-ton double truck, thus throwing it off the rails, and the wheels were soon embedded in the ballast. The guard acted with promptitude and judgment, and the application of the break prevented the passenger van, which was behind, from dashing against the truck. As it was it tilted up on one side about two feet, but no one was injured. Had the accident occurred at some distance from the station where the train runs at greater speed there would in all proba bility have been loss of life. We are informed that the points on several portions of tlio lino are as defective as those which caused^ the accident. The passengers were taken on in an open truck, and the lino was cleared in timo for the return train in the evening." A testimonial is to be presented to.Dr. R. Peel to-morrow afternoon at the York Hotel prior to his departure for England. A meeting of the Retail Drapers' Assis tants' Association will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. The sale of the Grand Stand and booths for the forthcoming Newmarket Race Meeting takes place to-night at the Globe Hotel. The Gospel of the Kingdom for April has keen published. It contaius an illustration having reference to Professor Smyth's theory as to the Great Pyramid. We have received No. 9 of Goo-e-s/' an illustrated shorthand magazine, published m Melbourne by Mr. It. D. Christie. Tin lithography of the phonographic characters i good, and the illustrations evideuca an improve ment on what has been seen in previous issues. The matter, which is only readable of course to those who understand shorthand, is interesting and racy. We understand that a Variety and Opera Douffe Company intend shortly to visit theSouth Eastern townships, including Strath dbyn and Port Victor. The company comprises several artistes of note who have lately arrived from London, and also Mr. T. Wilkius, t':e cornet soloist, whoso performances have already been noticed in these columns. The firmer for battalion prizes in connec tion with the Volunteer Force took place at the Dry Creek Range on Tuesday, April 15. There were about 40 competitors, and some splendid shooting was exhibited. Morcom won the first prize of £50; Siaines the second, £30; ami Kleman the third, £25. The firing was, we are informed, of a most interesting nature, but we are not yet in possession of all the details. Tbe teachers and scholars attending the Franklin-street Wesleyan Sunday-school held their annual picnic on Easter Monday. Several of Hill & Cods busses were engaged for the oc casion, and conveyed the holiday-seekers, who numbered about 300, to Torron3 Park, which was kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. R. Barr Smith. After having enjoyed a thoroughly pleasant day, which passed off witaout the least accident, they returned to the city at about 6 o'clock. " The Tichet-of-Leavo Man" was re peated at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday even ing. There was a capital attendance, every part of the house being filled. The cast wasthe same as on the previous representation, aud th9 piece was received with loud demonstrations of approval. During an interval in the perfor mance Miss Ada AVard presented John Kilduff, the jockey who rode the Oup winner in that day's races, with a silver-mounted whip and pair of spurs, and also with a silver cup, the gift of Mr. H. Steiner. The presentation was gracefully made and appropriately acknow ledged. To-night "Lost in Loudon" is to be played. An entertainment consisting of songs and recitations was given in the Baptist School room, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, to com memorate the founding of a branch Lodge of Good Templars. The entertainment was opened by Miss "VVinwood, who played a selection on the piano. The principal vocalists were the Misses Winwood, Stephens, aud Cook, and Messrs. Smart, McGregor, Towney, and l'otter. Miss Stephens' song," Is there room among the ADgels ?" was the gem of the eveuiug, but Mr. McGregor's comic song," Noah and his Animals," was the most appreciated. Some of the members 'of the Peace and Progress Juvenile Lodge of Good Templars, of Goodwood, also took part in the entertainment. Mr. W. B. Stevens, GAY.C.T., occupied the chair. The settling for tbe first meeting of the Great Northern Raciug Club took place at the LSooyoolee Hotel, on Thursday evening, April 10. There was not a large attendance, probably owing to the fact of the short notice given. The President of the Club, Mr. A. S. Murray, J.P., read the following list of prizes, cheques for which were drawn:—Flying Handicap—Sir T. Elder's Izaak Walton. £96; Mr. R. T. Reid's Pride of tbe Vale, £4. Sapling Stakes—Mr. McDonald's Pawnbroker, £30; Mr. 11. T. Reid's Tolarno, £4. Great Northern Raciug Club Handicap—Sir T. Elder's Ada, £42S; Mr. Orozier's Banter, £25; Mr. R. B. Smith's Vulcan, £15. Handicap Hurdles—Mr. R. B. Smith's Vulcan, £G5; Mr. S. Ferry's Barrister, £3. All-Aged Stakes—Mr. Savill's Wandering Jew, £124; Mr. R. T. Reid's Pride of the Vale, £6. Hacks—Mr. Hamilton's Swag man, £15. Maidens—Mr. McDonald's Pawn broker, £96; Mr. Reid's Tolarno, £4. Town Plate—Mr. Savill's Don Carlos, £15. Steeple chase—Mr. Aiken's Selector, £224; Mr. Morris's Lady Ashbourne, £10. Areas Handicap—Mr. Crozier's Banter, £137; Mr. Crazier, jun.'s Thane, £5. Selling Flat Race—Mr. Cahill's Vain Hope, £62; Mr. Cullinau's Young Buck, £3. Forced Handicap—Mr. Crozier's Banter, £44. Total amount of stakes, £1,593. The liabilities amounted to about £2,200. This, the Chairman stated, was satisfactory, when it was considered that it was their first meeting, and that the season had been so bad. However, at their next.meeting, and with the probability of a better season, they might be in a more favor able position, " Success to Racing" was drunk; and after the health of the Patron (His Excel lency the Governor) had been duly honored, several other toasts were given, aud a pleasant evening was spent. There was a large attendance at White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, when Professor and Mrs. Baldwin repeated their clever " spiritualistic" performances. The great dex terity with which the Professor and his wife slipped out of all the bonds which were placed on them by the members of the Committee excited unbounded astonishment among the spectators, who frequently gave expression to their bewilderment by loud applause. The materialization seance, during the course of which faces appeared at the openings in the cabinet, and a form finally stepped out on to the stage, was an exceedingly skilful piece of trickery. Much amusement was caused by the cry of recognition which escaped from a youngster when the face of an old man was shown. The- Professor jocularly remarked, that the lad ought to feel very proud at having the honor of seeing and speaking to a ghost. To-night the entertainment of Professor Bald win and his wife will be repeated. 