Things Worth Reading. MONUMENTS. EVERY man should leave a monument behind him in the recollection of his own life by his neighbours. A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you, and were helped by you, will remember you when forgetme-nots are withered. Carve your name on hearts, and not on marble; Let us hope there will be something bettor to be said about us than of the mau whose epitaph is— " Here lies a man who did no good, ^ And if he'd lived he never would; Where he's gone and : how he fares, : Nobody knows and nobody cares." May our friends never remember us as great gormandisers of meat and drink, like the plutton <over Whose grave is written— " Gentle reader, gentle'reader, Look on the spot where I do lie. I was always a very good feeder, . But now the worms do feed on I." As much as that might be said of a prize pig, or a fat bullock, if it died of disease. Some men are nothing better than walking beer barrels while they live; when death staves in the cask, they deserve to rot out of notice. However, a plain-speaking tombstone is better than downright lj ing. To put' flattery. on, a. grave is like pouring malted butter down a .stone 6ink. What queer tastes those must have who pufi off the departed, as if they wanted to blow the trumpet of the dead before the last angel makes his appearance! Here's an aj pleoutof the basket—• " Here lies the body of Martha Gwyn, Who was so very pure within; She crack'd the outer sheU of sin. . And hatch'd herself a cherubim." Where do they bury the bad people ? Bight and left in our churchyard,' they seem all to have been the best of folks, a regular nest of saints; and some of them so precious good, it is no wonder v they died—they were too fine to live in such a wicked world as this. Better . give bread to the poor than stones to uie dead. Better kind words to the living than fine speeches over the grave. Some of • the fulsome stuff on monu- is enough to make a dead -ments man blush. What heaps of marble are stuck over many big people's tombs! Half enough to build a house with! What a lift they will have at the resurreotion! It malie 8 nm feel as if 1 could not get my breath to think of all those 6tones being heappd on my bones; not that there's nny fear of it. Let the earth which I have turned over so often lie light upon my corpse when it is turned over me. Let John Ploughman be buried somewhere UDder the boughs of a spreading ed beech, with a green grass mound above : him, put of which primrose* and ' daises peep in their .season 1 a qiiiet shady spot where the leaves fall,- and the robins play, and the dewdrojis gleam in the sunshine. Let - the wind blow fresh and free over my grave, -and if there; must be a line 'about me, let it bb— /• HEBE LEES TEE BODY OF . JOHN PLOUGHMAN, WAITING.FOB THE APPEASING OB HIS LOBD AWD S-iyioun, . ; JESUB CHKIST. .NI.; I've often heard tell of patience on' a monument, but I have never 'seen it sitting there when I have gone through' churchyards; I have a' good iiany times seen stupidity on a monument,' and I have wondered, why the parson, or the churchwarden, the beadle,, or whoever else has tie ruling of things, let people cut such rubbiBh on the stones.: Why a Ghlos'tershire man told me that at Dymock graveyard there's a writing like this— " Two sweeter babes you nare did see Than God amity gave to wee; , But they wur ortaken wee agur fits,' And hear they lys as dead as nits." I've read pretty near enough silly things myself in our Surrey buryinggrounds to fill a book. Better leave the grave alone than setup a monument to your own ignorance. Of all places for jokes and fun the queerest are tombstones, yet many a time gravestones have had such oddities carved upon them that one is led to think, the nearer the church the further from common decenoy. This is a cruel verse, but I daresay a true one. " Here lies, return'd to day, Miss Arabella Young, Who on the firstof May Began to hold her tongue." This is not much better— John Adams lies here, of the parish of Southwell, K-tarrier who carried his can to his mouth weU; He carried so much, and he carried so fast He could carry no more, so was carried last: For the liquor he drunk being too much for one, He could not carry off, so he'e sow carri •on Why oould not these people poke their fun somewhere else? A man's wit must be nearly dead when he can find no place for it but the grave. The body of the raggedest beggar is too sacred a thing to orack jokes upon. What a queer fish must Roger Martin have been, who lived in Waltvorth, and put on his wife's tomb— Here lies the wife of Boger Martin, She was a good wife to Boger—that's sartin." And whoever was the foolish creature at Ockhaai, one of the prettiest spots in these parts, who wrote these outrageous lines ?— • The Lord saw good, I was topping ofi wood, And down fell from the tree; I met with a check, and I broke my blessed And so death topped of me." There, that's enough, and quite as good as a feast. Here's proof positive that some fools are leit alive to write on the monuments of those who are buried; Well may there be ghosts about. No wonder the sleepers get out of bed when they are so badly tucked in. I say let or us have a law to let nobody put nonsense over the dead unless he likes to take out a certificate to be an ass, just like the license to shoot partridges and pheasants. At the same time, let all puffeiy be saved for draper's shops and quack doctors, and none be allowed at the grave. I say as our minister does Let no proud stone with sculptur'd virtues rise. ' To mark the spot wherein a sinner lies, Or if sone boast must deck the sinner's grave, Boast of His love who died lost man to save." One more Surrey rhyme, and John Ploughman leaves the churchyard to go about his work, and turn up other sods. It is in St. Saviour's Southwark, and is, I think, a rare good one:— <' Like to the damask rose you see, Oi like the blossom on the tree, , Or like the dainty'flow'r of May, Or like the morning of the day. Or like the sun, or like the shade, Or like the gourd which Jonah had: EvenBO is man, whose thread is spun, Drawn out, and cut, and so is done: The rose withers, the blossom blasteth, The flowerfades, tbe morning haste th, The sun sets, the shadow flies, The gourd consumes, and man he dies." —John Ploughman's Talk. 