MELHOURN K. (FUOM OUK OWN COIIKIisrONDnXT.) Thursday. 23th Aim .Mr. Tims. Kent, M.L.A., appeared ;it tiio ' llothani l'oliee Court this morning, in response tn a summons issued bj n.o Hothain Curpurs tiou against him for the sum of £19, duo as ralis upon premises owned by him in Arden- st.reet, Ilotliam. It appeared iii.it in 1S7S Mr. Dent iotight the equity of redemption of the pio perty, ami let it to a tenant, who paid at lint .£5 per week, ami afterwards .CI. Mr. lieiit ultimately sold the property, having lost .£1,010 upon it, and the Council sought to recover Uo rates which had been levied during his owner ship. Tiio defendant stated that he had paid the rates to the present owner, b'l t the bench held that he was liable, and made an order fur the amount. The following tenders were declared to-day: —Jetty, Port Arlington, A. M'Dull, £<K> Ms. lOd.; new post and telegraph olliee, liichmonil, J. Deanc, £1,777 18s. Gd.; repairs at the cunt house, Sandhurst, Z. Button, £173; repairs at the police station, Dimkeld, G. Broker, £119. By the discovery that a woman named Aim Brooks pawned a coat which had been worii by William Buardman on the day of bis death, llio detectives have obtained an importan', clue to that mysterious affair. The woman Brooks, her sou Charles, and a woman named Isabella Traeoy, were brought up this morning ami re manded. An old man named Henry Marshall was locked up to-day on suspicion of ln ing concerned in the Boaidmaii affair, lie w ill be brought up to-morrow, and probably remanded for six days, in order to appear at the same time as the three who arc already in custody. recently made to some live millions' worth of Melbourne suburban property do not throw much light on the precise origin of the titlo under which our chief port, and the site of tiio proposed canal are claimed. But nearly every "oldest inhabitant" of Kmerahl Hill or Sand ridgc has some strange story tn tell of theso: Crown grants, dating from colonial time im memorial, mulct* which laud i>n the banks of the Yarra is said to have been disposed of originally. Tiio present claim may at all events quiet the ghost of this alleged title to land which is almost daily increasing in private ami public value. i am glad to be able to give a more satisfac tory account of the Collee Tavern movement than I have previously done. The Collin^'woiul " Coilee Palace," in Smith-street, in the very centre of the working man's suburb of this c;tyf - turna out to be a great succe.s.i. A customer c:in obtain a substantial, weli- oooUtJ steak, bread and butter, a cui> of Orient coffee, for sevenpenee, while he can read the Illintratfil Nria or Gi'iiji'iit:, and enjoy the combination of physical and intellectual sustenance amongst surrounding!) not to be surpassed in anything but the best class of hotels. Probate was granted to-day to wills as fol lows .lulm Buckley, £2,092; William Selmltz, £2,.'175; Alexander Harrison, £050; liieliard Leonard, £371; Win. Thos. K v re, £1,:;0;>. David Webster, £12,0l)S; John Ferguson, Administration was granted ai follows:— JaaicS Leigh Kearney, £147; Fnuicia Momohor, £'2,000; Joseph Plunmier, £2,19J; Mary .Monk', £73'.). The liegistrar has granted prob.'.ie letters in the estates of Mary Abercrombk", £159; J. li. Fair, £l.'i0; J. liidge, £-f'.IS; J« Goodman, £353; J. Skilbeek, £400; G. S. Me'iU sbip, £135; A. Maekay, £21; J. Lj-.vis, £l.i3;j. Nicklaws, £41; (j. II. Harley, £60; J. (Jran'i £350; P. Baragwanath, £333; Mary La«-si>i'» £127; K. Niel, £210; II. A. Mouiray, £105; T. Foley, £20. The Poultry Show, which opened at the To-.vu Hall this afternoon, was highly successful', the exhibits being both good aud numerous. There was a larger proportion than usual o! the useful sorts of birds, and a falling oil in ornamental descriptions. The sale of stud rams went olF very success fully to day. Tiie best price, viz., 275 guinea-', was obtained for a fine animal from Mr. J. L>. Currie's Merino lloeks.. 