TRLCKS OF TRADE. (a civil srrvice examination in connection with the board of trade.) Examiner :Now, sir, what is calico I Candidate : Sir, there ia theoretical calioo and practical calioo. Theoretical calico is a textile fabric manufactured from cotton — the lanifer- ous envelope of the seeds ot Grossyptum herba- ceutn. That is rare. Practical oalico is the more common thing. Examiner :Iadeed sir ! And how do you des cribe that ? Candidate : Praotiaal oalico, sir, tho calioo of oommerce, and especially the calico designed for exportation, ia formed only in part of cotton. It consists, besides, of siz: — a mixture composed of flour, China olay, Epsom salts, chlorate of zinc, chlorate of magnesia, nnd of Elite, in tho pro portion of from 70 or 80 to 130, and even 200 per cent. Examiner : This information is new to us, sir. "Will you oblige me with its origin 1 Candidate : Certainly, air. Yon will find the faots and figures I have had the honour to state in a recent issue of the Liverpool Mercury, quoted by the Pall Mall Gszstte. They occur in the report of a 1 tw case — a Buit between a cotton manufacturer and a firm of cotton warp sizsrs, respecting a disputed district business — I had almost said a brunch of industry. The details X have given you were furnished by one of the plaintiffs, who cooly avowed his actB, In con clusion he said he had been " in the trade 20 years, and in commencing only put 5 per cent, into the warp3, and the size then consisted only of flour, but now they had to add chemicals to get the weight up, as manufacturers asked them for more weight." Examiner : Does any adage in an elemontary educational work occur to you as applicable to that geutlemau'e career ? .Candidate : Nemo repente la fuit turpissi- mns. Examiner : Very well, air. In respect to com position, can yon point to any analogy between cotton and Bilk I Candidate : — Silk proper air, is simply woven from the chrysalis oocoon of the Bombyx mori. Tho silk you purobase it much, if not most of it, " loaded," as it is called, with logwood and gum. The web is sont to the dyer weighing, Bay, 16 ounces. It ie sent back to the silk miller with its weight iooreauod by ftoin 24 up to 40 oz — the result of loading with matter in the wrong place. Examiner : Can you name any other descrip tion of business corresponding to that of ootton warp-sizers and Bilk-loaders 1 Candidate : The business of stoleo plate-mel- ters, or of sausage-grinders, who load their saus ages up with a large percentage of carrion and cat's meat. Examiner : What practical inference, sir, , would you deduce from the existence of busi nesses and practioes such as you have just de scribed. Candidate : That in a oountry where adultcra- tion'dODBtitutes a business of itself, there is very muoh to acaount for the depression of trade. And thai commodities formerly known as Brit ish" goods" are in the way to become notorious as British " bads." Examiner ; Can you suggest any means of limiting such objectionable operations as warp- sizing aud silk loading 1 Oaudidate : Heavy lines and long terms of im- prisocment with hard labour. Examiner : That will do sir. I iiavo the plea sure to inform you that your answers have given me complete satisfaction. — Punch. Can the ghost of chance be properly called a spiritual opportunity 1 A spiritual opportunity might ocour when the bar keeper goes down the cellar for some more ioe, and iuuvsb a decanter on tile-counter. 