JACOB HUKD'S CHILD I , StriimrU JKtfdtiiM< r " i. , Who broakoth his fast bo early, : Wbiio yet lie can count the stars ? , And whoso aro the /ootatopa trniling througb Tlio dew to the pasture-bars 7 i He anaflleth his whito-oyed gelding, ' Ho mouuteth tho saddle-tree; And out from the skirts of Ipswich town All grimly ridoth he. Out from tho town at sunrise, His stuoborn field? unfilled, llideth Jaoob Hurd for a day and a night To Boe threo witches killed. For Hurd is a stalwart Christian Whom Satan hath ne'er enticed; He behcvsth in God and His holy word , And he hateth Antichrist. Tho devil in awe ho hoMoth,' And God with an equal tear; - ' And little of gospel and inaoh of law Make up his creed severe. With a burniug zoal for his Master, Ho fighteth with death end hull; And when a witch is brought to tho rope, It plbasoth old Jacob well. So out of the town at sunrise, His stubborn fields unfilled, Hu ridoth forth for a day and a night To sco three witches killed. Ho gluueeth backward at Ipswiob, Then leaueth low to pray, 'For ho knoweth that in tho wilderness J The Bavage haunts the way. i Look for tby last, old Jacob 2 Aud pray, though thy prayer bo vain; | Toy errand hath not the smile of God ; Thou coinest not again I I n " It is four o'clock of (ho evenirjg, 1 And, drcsied iv her hodden grey, ! Old Jacob's wife is humming a tune, For the goodmiiu is away. And forth from their'distant cabins (None ceo them so soon ns she), The Wonien who bold old Hiitd lv fear Are coming to dtiuk ber tea. Thero'n tbe pretty wlfo of Duustor, Aud.Qiiffe'o, from the meadow firm, And the Sparhawko girls, with goodwlfo QUI, Aud tbb Glovers," aim-in-arm. There is Poter Flyut's young widow, And ber sister iv Lou'on brown, Aud Miriam Wioshtp; oh, sweet and wise Is tha Bcbool-ma'am of the town! And tbe heart of tbe goodwife, waiting Tae coming of friondly feet, Is smitten through by an olden pang That is bitter at onoe, and sweet., For tho school-ma'am u onco taught him lettorn— The wonderful boy who died, And took from her motherly bosom all Its solaco and its pride ; And Minim's coming would surely to her h<urb tbe joy Of rpeaking, with.nono to make afraid, ! About her punsbed boy. | (For Jacob held hard to. ailenos, | Though ho was mora than oad, I And would not spaiik ot their cruel loss With the mother of the Ud.) Sho meetoth them at her door-way With a greeting of hand to hand, But sho kisseth Miriam on her obeek, And the women understand. 111, It la six o'clock of tho evenlcg, And, grouped at the tablo rude, The Women bavo bent their beads to Shy Their wotd of gratitude. Now the tea and thn feast are pasting, "While they goaslp of homo affairs— Of the deacon's cattle in the pound, Or a sick child up for prayers;— Of a work of grace in the village, And the devil's work abroad, And the mischievous witches soon to go To the judgment bar of God, But MirUm epeaketh a sentence That winnetli the ears of all, When' c turnoth her eyes on soodwlfo Hud, And biddetb hor talk of Paul. Tears fill tho eyes of the mother, And the kindly women list: " The lips," e;>id she, " should ba 'good and wise That an angel's lips have kissed; " But In truth my lips aro neither; For God, by the band of pain. Sunt it gift that my boul misunderstood, Aud He took it back again. " For Jacob and I had prayod Him That who should bo born of ma Saould bo sanctified at bia blrtb, and strong In the power of prophuy. " And tbo prayer was sweetly answered, But the prophet, all unguesaed, Grew weary of our clumsy ways, Aud entered into rest. " It was better that ho left ns, Far J.icob could not kuow That a child's sweet story was not a lie To bo punished by a blow. " For be was not made like others, Ilia thoughts were weird und wild; And Jacob at lest believed, in truth, That a devil possessed the child. " With tho blrilntbut gathered about him, He prattled for hours and hours; lie tang to the spider upon hia'web, And tho "uses in tho hearts of flowers. " Ho carried a curious wisdom ; And many wero the timet When be sat in the euu the livelong day, And sang to himself in rhymei. " Aud bo told such marvellous stories Of what be bourd in the air— Of the talk ol tho bird*, and the songs of the sea— That wo were la despair. " And Jacob exclaimed: ' God help us t For how ia a man to know Whelbtr n poet comes down from heaven, Or climbs from the world below *" "One day, in tbe early autumn, Waen pieces were in the woods, Aod out in tho stubble the e?i(.6i quail Wero leading their ptetty brouua; -' Wuon ihu partridge drummed in tho dis tance, And the squirrel barked from tho oak, Aud forth from tbe smoky hilt-Bide oamo Tho woodman's luny sirotso, "Ho went away toward tho forent, Aud I saw. bis face no moro Till, Hushed by the red ol the sotting, shn, He stood in the cabin door. ?<' Nowwbero hast thou boenf' said Jacob. ' I have been on my horse,' said ho I And Jaoob grew pale, aud-shook like A leaf, As he tools the lad en his bow. '*' What hcico j Last thon ridden?' sold Jacob. ' I have nddm my own," he said— 'My golden horse with a silver tail, >' And a tuano of silver thread, " 'He-came to mo in the pasture, And he knelt for mc to mount; And his saddle and bridle wore blazing with More jewels than I could count. ? " < And.be bore mc liko tho lightning,' Over sea and over land, And he courted the ohoro, or mounted" the air, Or stopped at my oommand. "I have seen the windy ocean, , And Hewn above its waves, And I've Seen the great leviathan , Flaying within its caVes. " *1 have ridden through old England, Over hills and over- dells, < i 1 have cantered through tho London streets, And heard the London bolls. "' I have been to the holy places, And kuelt ond prayed in-thoni, Aud fed my golden horse with bread ' ?' In the streets of Jerusalem. ; " ? I have ridden by mighty rivers, " i , Fiom the mountains to the see: And hark 1' said he,' for my golden horso, t Is whinnting low for mc I' ? - ''\, '' Get down 1* said Jaoob, fiercely; Thou knowest thou hast lied; ' ? Surely the devil possesselh thee 1' ~? ?? And he Bmoie him from his side. " The sweet romancer staggered '- f. Into my waiting arms, * ~ And I kissed his cheeks without a foot Of Satan or his oharms, < , " That night ho lay iv a fever, And raved of his golden horse; ' ? ' And Jaoob sat and watched by him, <* |In a helpless, dumb remorse. * < " But my soul was in lobollion, ?' ' | For how could a ohild of prayer, ', ' I With the lovo ot his motuur m his heart, ' 1 Bo taken in suoh a snare ? ? ;* I << Thon belioveat that Mother Sowsll ' Bideth a broom,' said I; ? I But thy darling talks of hia golden horse, And about ,mitest him for a lio. " ' And I think, of tho two, thou sinnost ' < Against thy God tho most; For I judge thou ohargest the evil one ' , With the work of tho Holy Ghost 1' I " But I beggod my husband's pardon, ", Fur he was sore aistraugat; "' i Aud would never louvo mc darling's bod, .' Though often I besought. " Long days aud nights thereafter, , ; In bis dieain the sweet lad lay, But his fancy was on its journeying. And always far away. „ , " And he spoke of wondrous countrios Through which hie journey led, " On bis golden horse with tlio silver tail, Aud tbo mane of silver thread. '? Till Jaoob and I bolieved bim, And would not have marvelled rnnoli, Had tho golden creature revyalod himge' To our credulous sight and touch. " But woukor ho grow and weaker, / Until tboro came iv his eyo , > A look bo weury aud worn, wo knew , Our little boy would dio. ' >__ " One still and cloudy midnight Ho woke and gazed around, "? And said that hu bo-ui bis golden horao I'awiog tbe pasture-ground. t " I think 'twas a bolt of thaudor ' <t Shot by a distant shower, That shook tho earth und tho wlndowi-sash. "- In the lact throe of its power. ' ' ,'f " Aud I think it was tho lightning That cheated our straining eyes; [ ' ' But it seemed as if a beauteous horse Entered in golden guise. " Breathing a £hmo from hia nostrils, '" „ And pauslug by tbo bed; < ' v Wbua the child sprang up with a cry of Joy - Aud sank on his pillow, dead. . ?' „ " And thon, on tho second morning, , * Wo bore him to thb grave— The child that we wero unfit to keep, ,' ' , And had no power to save. '', _ " But In tho long procession, A j \ No eyes but ours could see , The wondrous figure we beheld ,ff vj Loading the company. t A*" ? * " For following hard tho neighbours ? Who bore tho preoloua corse, - A '*"", Bode little T*ul right gallantly "' > * '"* ' Upon hia golden horso, ' i- -*-,",,> " I saw him ju?b as phlnly ' { /V' As e'er I saw a flame; ' > Va And he nodded to mc with a smile, ~ J\,* . And J?cob Baw the same." r ' Jy' iv. : - A,[\ Tho story and foast are ended, ?? " ?&? :' Aud forth from tho open door, */ " With eyelids wide and faces flushed, s '?- The guests of the evening pour. ' 1 " Tho aun in tho west Is sottiu?, , > Aud bathing eaoh farm and fold ) With thn lifted dust ot the village wayg \ r la an utmoaphero of gold. , ~ " , Now what is that in the dUunoe < > ' Which CAtcbos eaoh gasingeye? . '? 'Tis a flurry of dust that travels fust, ' Like a whirlwind from the sky I '? ><y~ . Nearer it comes, aud nearer, ' "-'"^ Till all the gazers know ' .?'"'?"? That a horse in running without a man ' '' Bahind the eaddle-bjw I , " ' ! ; , He courses along the highway \' s . , Tust leads across tbe plain, , v And tbey bear tbo beat of his heavy foot As ho ruahe? down the lave. < ; And, leaning on Miriam Wiushlp, A cry in ber frightened breath, < The guodivife Hurd knows well that the h,or?e Is tho messenger of death; "". And that some where among tha Bludows Her husband lies apirt, ' ' With tne scalp-lock nvou from his head Aud an arrow in his heart. And tbo women soremxin wonder, > ? For all can plainly ' . ;. Taat a little Ud with a smiling face ? { ' Beatridea tho r ,\ < Ho toiaes a kiss to his mother, ''' He tenderly bowa to all, , Aud they know tbst their eye?)behold Indeed ' i Tno spirit of little Paul. .? Sv The horse Hies by the cottage, > ', > And Into jus pasture home, , _.i. . Yellow and bright in the suuaet gold, , A' ' And spotted with silver loam. , ,' And the women hasten homoward, \ / Among tbe dropping dews, !> To tell ot tbe marrols th?y have seen, "? - l Aud to bear the heavy news. '? ? 1 " >' But Miriam passeth inward, , Htir hauu in goodwife Hurd's, . k <? Aud reaiieth tusro, for her ojuilorting, , Tbo Bible's gracious words.' , Thou reverently she knoeleth , \< Aud uttorelh a prayer, That the cnlldles* aud the widowed one ~' Might bavo the Father's aire. i , But o'er her prajer she ondotli, ' With fervent voioe she saith ; "'' ? " Oh, punish not otic blundering moro ' - ' With chastisement of death! "' '- " Bat when Thou sondest poets i , , " y " To suoh dull folk as we, ' . ,*.t , Inspire car blind and doubting oyea iii *, ? - To know theia when we seel" ; ,, 'A, ' 