NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—D’Arcy Bead’s “Ghost," at the Alfred-hall; meeting of City Colmcil; meeting of trustees of Miners’ Racecourse, Brophy’s Hotel, 8 p.m.; meeting of City-Board of Advice. After a somewhat bleak boisterous day rain sat in \- steadily onr Sunday evening/ continuing fori about two hours. :At-,9 o'clock: theweatherioleared up, and the night was fine. * The whole of Major-Smith’s time on Saturday morning was occupied in listening to deputations, whiohLiWillr.bg iound reported; elsewhere. Among other matters, Mr Hart’s patent pulveriser was brought under, i the notice, ofj the Treasurer - ; by-a number of gentlemen connected with mining, who' asked'assist ance to the extent of £5OO for the purpose of giving it a fair trial, and Major Smith promised to see the Minister of Mines on the subject. AJargedeputationof.miners andotherawaited upon Major Smith on Saturday at Sebastopol, for the pur pose,of protesting against the granting- of Mr Luplau’a ''application for 250 acres along the line of the*reef how being worked at Bsdan.,., .They .asked that the ground available should be cut tip into six blocks and leased aa suoh’fi manned as to: ,pra_veatJtheir; ama!gamation, so that no monopoly of the ground might ensue. • Mr Luplau was present at the interview, and said that though 250 acres had been applied for that area was notavailable,"in consequence of freehold blocks inter vening here and there, upon which the-paople of; Se bastopol could sink it they; wished to, as they said -.they.did. He further added.that r the company which -he-was acting' for was prepared.to .accept'any pro visions fpr the future as,to the.drainage question, 1 In. reply. Major Smith said that ho monopoly of the kind mentioned would be allowed,.and.he was in favor .of cutting up the ground'into five or sis, or, at the very"' outside, ten acre blocks.’ He would consult with the- Minister of Mines and .Major Coiictimah this week: on the subdivision of the ground, and a day would be, named for receiving applications, which, if they were in'excess of the number of blooks,’as-.they! nodoubt would be, he would probably refer to a board to de cide upon. It was understood that the first applicant, ihould have'firat choico. -’ '-iV-.'.i,.* ,o ifcalsi ICi 1 ”... The winter season "is beginning to tell upon the' Sunday afternoon attendance at the lake and gardens. On'Sunday, there was a considerable, falling off in the .number., of visitors to these pleasant .places.pf resort. steamers were/however,-plying to and-froin the, gardens, and the omnibuses .were fairly patronised. oi-The .water ;level at ;Wendouree:jis ,-rapidly. rising." despite the cutting off of the- supply from the mains, thus proving that the small and by no means con tinuous “ waste"’" spoken of by Cr Robertson'has had very little, to do with keeping up the supply in the lake. ; :: ’■{ ■ ' - . Notwithstanding.the .cold and , stormy . weather of Saturday afternoon, a .number of,venturesome yachts men hbiated'their colors and bad- a- spin round Wen-,' •dduree. Jj Thero .was• at times' half -a'gals’ blowing and a rather lumpy sea running-. During the cruise the ; ■Vagabond in rounding Qill’s Island 'waß kept away too .much, ahd in shaving the post' the t fooled, catching , the pole while the ‘■yachtLwis.:going at full speed. ■ -Before the sheet could be released the strain-caused 1 the craft to wheel over to' leeward and \- suffioie'nt water to render her'unmanageable; and to causa her to quietly smk.in about ’four , feet of water, ; Efforts were made during the. evening: to .raise the yacht, but the rough weather rendered--this im possibly and the saucy ” Vag." now lies with two feet of water over her combings." She-will be raised and laid up in dry dock for "the winter this morning. ; It; ia to.. be, hoped -that in dealing with, the next stone-throwing caseabrought be'fbrethem, the magis trates will impose-sueh a penalty as will act as a 'deterreht to the ybung blae'kgaarda wholndulge m the reprehensible practice:' A gentleman informs us that on Sundav'affsjrnoon a perambujjior, in which hia infant ] was bimg was deliberately Btonedi^Bometw^br tbjree lade, who'took advantage of the fnnrsegirl | being tha/only attendant upon the johild, to'jtbrow severaj' piepiw of-tbad metal at the arriyai;ati home;three cubes of blueatone [were taken out of the.perampnlator by our informant. ;A morecowardly, brutal aqt/qn the part of boys we hive nbt.<bsard of for jams' tiqie. y: A v^rj^painful',accident, which we regret to aay has 'terminated fatallyi- happbned on Saturday to Mr G. H. Smith, fruiterer, of Bridge street. He was in the act of climbing on to his kitchen jrqpJ for. some _ pur- so he 'grasped a rather shaky brick' cpimhey,'iviiich gave way as. soon - any '-} a train -whs : put upon it, and the deceased fell'sbme nine 1 feet to the ‘ground7with'a large' quantity "of' the - brickwork" bn top of him. -When removed from this position' he was insensible, but under' the 'oare of Dr "Hudson soon recovered consciousness, his viribla'injuriba, con sisting chiefly.of severe' bruises on the abdomen;'being'., attended'toas'far as possible.' Theaufferer, however, complained; of intense/agony, l -"which showed that some had,bepn\in£icted by the accident,. andhagr'aduallyßanktillSnndayafternoon, wheh he died .ati.S o’clock. The cause of: death'is said tb’be a rupture of theliver. l -The deceased, who leaves a wife and several'children, was. frequently con nected with amuaemants at ; £he Academy[o£ Music, as a doorkeeper/ and in that "position his courteous be-' hayiot.pleased all ' ' J V ; • '• -• ' A 'female .servant at itho: Sebastopol Poat-office, named Watson, diod rather suddenly on Friday-night. The'deceased was suffering .'from', some disease of the brain,’ and,died 1 ih bed ' shortly'after retiring: to rest. Dr Bartleman haa certified that death resulted! from -natural causes.- —-- - - ' : •• •■ ' Sometime ago a warrant was issued for. the appre hension of a man named Christopher Brown,, who on the ’Sth May; last brutally assaulted 1 his wife, en-' .dangering. her life , to-such’an - 'elt'ent that at one time it: was deemed necessary‘to take what l were -then - presumed to; be her dying [depoaitibnsi/’After evading the " police ’'for- some : weeka,' Brown was on ' Friday "arrested by Constable Boyan twelve" ; miles beyond Hamilton, Ho .w.affbrpught.tb Ballarat ,qn .Saturday evening, and .will, appear'at' the police court, this morning. [. A remand will probably be asked for in the case, as'Mrs Brown is,'we learn, not' yet ‘sufficiently; recovered from her injuries to appear: in court.- - ■ - , ’ Our correapondant writes:—“ It is rather late in the season for. snakes, but on Sunday morning soma lads at Smytbesdalo secured one in . a comatose state, and by the'aid of s stick got'it into a bottle, which they safely -corked, andexhibited-as a-trophy of-- their prowess. It is about two feet in length, , : [', . _ The number of names on the supplementary lists for the Assembly, for Ballarat East Proper and South Road Divisions,Ballarat East,.is 121;, on the general' rolls,'<3o; and oh the ratepayers’'rolls, 2677; total/ •3228, .;. ;v;,;i“ -• •The’-"Orphan‘-Asylum committee 1 will meet 1 on Tuesday,-to-deal ’ with the following 1. House committee's... report. _2l,Report of sub-com mittee on the admission of a child; named Casson; referred; to Messrs. Gray and Wreford for’’ report.. 3. Totemporarily appoint a member of the committee of .management vice 4. General business. 5\. Fresh applications. Notice of Motion :—By Mr all correspondence be first placed before. :the.general committee, ■' ; 1 It is expected that in about afortnight’s time some £50,000 worth of new eilver coinage .will arrive from England, and be, available at the'Melbourne Mint. When the deputy-master of the Mint came here he .noticed that the-silver coinage was very much defaced. :He commuoicated.with the banka on the subject, and they.agreed that it., was desirable .to replace the old ‘Coinage by a new and larger supply. ■ ■: - ; ■■; ,f;; : If young men from the country.; who visit Ballarat with more .cash in'their pockets -than brains in their heads are hot [content to enjoy to the', fullest extent the .legitimate'. after- dai;k amusemehts.proylded, but’ will, [endeavor to “ see. life)” as it.is termed, in the society of-vice, they must .not complain if'' with - 1 bitter experience.: A few 'days- ago a young simpleton, contrary; to the advice of hie friends, un dertook to “ make a night of it.”' Ho visited one of the,many notorious houses'in the, city, becameintoxi caited, and awoke to consciousness early in the morn ang'-in’-the : Btreets, mihtt4 ' hia hat. His purse was empty; . and—whether' having been'pledged, given ttway,_or .-.stolen,. it now mattera littla—hia set of rings.and studs Pilgarlic has again sought the retirement of the bush, sore at haying lost hard-, ■‘earhed money, but more sore-at the fact of having :made such an .egregious. ase of himself. Meanwhile' .the harpies [ who: so disgrace .the community are Allowed" to ply thair foul calling, and .to rob simple.' minded-fools without let ; or hindrance, because their victims naturally .enough to. bide . rather. than publish their i}l-'goften[experience..[ ' -... . • “••' A concert was held in the Presbyterian .schoolroom, Durham- Lead, . on Friday night,-in aid of the harmonium fund of the church, and the affair proved very successful, yielding a profit of something like £5. [The Rev. Thomas Haatia occupied the chair, andtha .following ladies and gentlemen took* part l in-the enter taiumeut, .viz.:—Mrs Hamilton and Miss Northage presiding at ths pianoforte.by turns; -Mrs Hamilton and Misses Harkness, Herbertsoh,' [;anii Austin; and Messrs Austin, M’Lenna'n, Hamilton, Butterworth, and Northage. 1 --‘" f ‘[~ . ; " The market was well stocked [with various kinds of sea fish-on Saturday, Mr- Josephs,-of Bridge street, being the.; most prominent' amongst I ;the salesmen in. the.matter -of display.' Whiting and garfish were ex cellent in kind andbflarge sizb; ,jr Some''nice travails were shown/Rook-cod, of good'size and quality, were very plentiful, and' so were - salmon trout, and two varieties of "'flathead; .■Tha'‘:hah3aome - 'parr6t fish (labricthysj with 'theiri brilliaht .armor of deep.blue, . green, and orange attracted much attention,: being seldom seen in Ballarat.- Sume c fine specimens, were on sale. The fish is acknowledged as good wholesome food, but is not in much request, its’flesh being rather soft and insipid. : -The 'prices 'asked by the retailers were considerably leas than ' on .the great maigre day,. Friday, and customers, 1 es[ a. rule, had, little causa to complain of any difficulty in securing a-fiah dinner for" Sunday. T~ "T . . , ..It was slated by” one "of .your , contemporaries on 1 Friday (writes our correspondent) that some [Chinese were; 'prosecuted at Castlemaine that day under the'),third” section of the Sale 'of Poisons Statute for disposing o£,opium,:andthat this was' ■ “ the first [ prosecution of-the kind in the colony.". This is not so,* for-about three‘months ago, as then repprted in.,the Star, three Chinese, from Haddon, were prosecuted .by the .police .at the Smythesdale. Court for this ‘offence, and were- fined 10a' each’ with costs. [" [ [■ ■ " [ ;.[ ,'.■ ;: On Friday evening a concert was held in the -Scars-' dale Town-hall,[ in aid'of the funds of [the .'local .Anglican Church.',. In the absence ot .the [Rev. Mr Norton, who has been-officiating for some time at Portland, the duties of chairman • and ".manager gene-, rally devolved [on [Mr Cutler, and there were .some good singing, capital music, and. readings, by.'well known local residents. Mr Hugh- Toung, ; of Ballarat;- [ contributed bis. quota to’a very'enjoyable evening, .[.whilst Mr Chadwick, Mr Partridge, and Mrs . Cutler ■■ weretamongst the -principal vocalists and-readers of the evening. The attendance was not very numerous, [but!tbe church funds will be slightly.' benefited by the event. . The new parbels'rates on tbe Victorian .Tail ways, to come into: operation on Ist July'.next, appear-in last Friday’s Qazette. ■ ■ ■ : . The, Smythesdale Borough. Council (writes our cor : respondent),. through the vigilance‘of a wide-awake ratepayer, 1 has discovered that'some two years past. ..the blueatone pitchers that.had been used, in the con struction of the! by wash of the Government reservoir, which was under'their control l and lesseeship, had been disposed of for "a[consideration, and had been used in the construction dnilfepair, of [sundry culverts within the shire of Grenville by various contractors, ■whojfound-the atone quite:handy, squared and" ham mered, and well adapted for the work required. The legislative committee', of the council have been aroused to activity, and are authorised to make all due enquiry into, the’-matter and report' to the council .thereon/ Had the stones remained where placed, by this time ‘■•they wonld'.have:baen in aaveral feet of sludge. ” There, is diepord, t [wheii there should be concord (writes Our correspondent) amongst.the committee of. '.the Scaxsdala : Free Library and Reading-room.. Each : party :.has its. owu ;version of the affair,'and into its merits I will not enter further than 'state that Mr Bird, M.L.A., has 1 stopped a portion'of 1 the Govern ment .’grant, from,'conscientious scruples,’, and the other 'msinbsrs therefore conclude that ha ought to resign: hia office of committeeman, a pfcceediug to ■ which Mb Bird is decidedly averse, and there the matter rests at present." :- : / So seriously has businessfallen off iff the .Railway 'Department lately [(says the for thei:goods.sheds being opened has been'curtailed: two hours/ The following notice waa posted-, yeste'r day:-/:“ The shipping aheda will only be open for the 'receipt, and delivery, of ..goods between the hours of 9' a.m. and 4[ p.m., till further orders.” ■' > ' .A.''meeting of' lha_ trustees ot ; the, Buuinyohg' ..Cemetery was held at the Crown hotel-on the 6th of June. [ Present Messrs’ Ihnes (chair), : ['Harvey, Higpns. 'flale, and Greaves. ■ The. minutes 1 , of the[ : previous meeting [were' read , and confirmed. Corre spondence was read re Mrs NatteU’a claim from Messrs Oddie and Cos.; which was : received and adopted. The receipts for the month amounted to £i 0s 6d. Accounts for £6 13a 6d were, passed .for payment. 'Mr'Hale reported that £5 would be a fair-charge for writing up thp register books.' _[ Adopted. It was moved by Mr.,Higgins; seqpnded, ;by r Mr Harvey, that; a paid secretary .be appointed at £6’per annum; applications for same to be called bv ,1, ... secretary reported a creft^ftT 5 * that the cemetery lookM ‘ °*fonce 0 i c,T‘Sh, ' year. The trustees !•" ««tl,i inspection of the cemeten^ 10 ’ 1 " I ' 4 fot f sf S the oldest trustees seftt ail<i resting-place, and made Si? *** for <H ; of his deceased chi!dreiS g = menta ' o the newly-selected s P0 t,! ** the Attoraey.Qeneral baa v, 80011 u the ' wnterg on philology haT?° ndent write.. „ Jdfish animal, but. we havr^ l^!^ the contrary, especially fishness of Mr S. Walker L?^ doa -' wiaeS"* *» \- ono S?' th ° ' oo fco V that the elure'cb'uhcU tlflnnr ? h ***** riding with the from the reserve® to thl f distance by some tour chaimft^ to permit the council to taksa'^'^'taof^ «a*SßlttiS**S* appflKtenw. to tho 4no^sb ,ft!l,, aiDj^ -Walker, as-they insist that tb • getle " 1 - , itt i,? by the street to* where tR&P;* 1* view to future extension! T h lT *“[ l^ M? satisfactory to somebody, f ot ßift' big drum was beaten, and erenW eTE Cth requested to roll up to the pS? Ja ‘ *•«** else to debate the pipe ttM of fca- uj .riding ware complacently if’.n„? COO ®® 0 « (ots towalk into m/ parlc rift selfishness, and generous desire to a nearly four chains of pipes 2 and amplified, and it was resol,edW •through his garden, and never Iks tension, but a wag suggested mT* •?'“ f "fonn water tap be attachedlo the m^bT **i from Walker’s parterre to l- 0,1 'no* plant, when the scorching summer’stn Our correspondent writes;—"Ti,,, q_ ® Brigade once had a band and manta, as well as a large drum 111 braaii % thereabouts. This property, like a U- 'If 1 9 the brigade, is vested in the counci U ever the musical instruments Cve 1^, P - r °^ CUoUBly ’’ and «• councils -bated his £lO note towards their p! clft' 0 "* inharmonious over the loss, and council we are likely to have dis/Js • lM of >h mony, as proceedings are to be fewS' to the day for drawing, but all subacriff > l? ~l< '.pressed their satisfaction at the “ T! » by the promoters, viz., that evety JlTf sold, so as to avoid the necessity the programme of prizss. Numbers aS ?t4 ; in g! m the chance for a small fortune or the a trip to the old country or a and; there . is now every probability of' tbs being brought to a speedy andsuccaiiwlf* supplies of ticketa.havo been asked to several agents, both in this and idioiniiS? Every ticket purchased bring, it nearer left result; delays are in this case dangerous. “ U The Gippsland Firm observes;-" It I lbw ,, C. E. Jones has arrived in New Zealand, -this colony. He anticipates the impending dinfc and augurs from the personnel of the smTo? that there can be no valid objection to hi, p ft himself again to the pure constituency of IS East. Perhaps the astute Jones is jL Tt never was'such a time for lamb and mini Though not bidden to the feast, ha can assert hhli pre-emptive right as a Commissioner of BaiwS a Gazette notice can easily be inserted to ..him” bis political character.’’ ■“ It was recently mentioned that a conletiasj delegates from branches of the National Hefona cl Protection Loague is to be held in the Tmpcua. hall,_ Russell street, on the Ist and 2nd prox-fia c» neotion with which a ten-and-aixpenny burnt ?3 be given to the Hon. Graham Berrv. Thipihy order of business to be taken at ’the coulees includes a novel item, viz., “ discussion ltd hie. ' initiation upon a proposal to hold a montterbun; 'for the ’ purpose of raising funds for the lap,’ Should this expedient be adopted it will belli hi occasion on which the machinery of the tslina bodies has been resorted to for the purpose of iihh| money for a political organisation. Saturday’s Stawell Chronicle states;-' 1 AHfcpcl .the recovery of Mr W. Rees was given up jatoaj, and it may now be considered certain that tbs a ' cert, of which so much was expected, will not aa off. Madame Lucy Chambers, under whoia ore Ha rßees’ musical education has been progressing, ti ‘graphed to Mr Lonargan, hon. secretary to the tea! ‘committee, asking him to stay all arrangements a connection therewith, intimating at the iineb that Mr. Rees’ death was hourly expected." r .The Hon. Duncan Gillies will.it is staled, ilia his constituents at Ecbucain a few days. The id has -ndfc yet been definitely fixed, but Tbutsdiy a .Friday next will probably be selected. ' y The Argos states that throughrepresentitiooEih by Messrs Richard Gibson and Cos,, the Comais-a of Railways has reduced tbs freight on store ibs} from' Melbourne to up-country stations. Tbs Ss> : tary iof Railways has informed the firm that the fin miaaioner has approved of such sheep being anil frond Melbourne to country stations at two-thirdid existing rates. ’ We Y Herald) are happy to announce, on fin nib rity of Mr M’Cutcheon, manager of the Anstnlud European Bank, that this institution hopes to mb arrangements in a few days to meet the finod depositors. The directors, had a consultation tS morning with the standing counsel, Mr Higiobdln and Dr Madden, but did not care to publish wadi .was about. The tone of discussion today in to 'street, and business circles generally, is very hrau towards the bank. The Herald says:—“Rumor has it that tbsi» ciated Banks are preparing an answer to HajarScJi statements at Ballarat. We learn, however, tbili •is not a fact! The banks consider that the i#V tions .are of siioh a clap-trap nature that bokej .man .will give them a moment’s consmersniin, the banka do not care for ths opinions of ouieiuu sensible men. Such is their view of the nut • In a San Francisco journal we observe tbit , deepest mine in the world now worked u the Adalbert lead and silver mine in •a ni ®|. is 3280 feet deep. The next is the Vivieni wd in Belgium, 2817 feet. It was sunk 3586 feet, but ho coal having been found, I * is at the former level The England are the Dunkirk colliery m j feet;, and the Rosebridge in the same feet. The deepest mine in this cou “ tr 7; n j, B j the Yellow Jacket, of the Comstock We. . Prothontary’s ofifice for ’i jidboih by Mr Peter Carroll. .against George Rignold, comedian, be 'being “tort,” which is understood to re« , into an assault. . , .1 Ji , The vacancy caused by t ' l6 in j io | ei;a is) j Robert Maogregor in L the . A f vacancy in the post of fferdij 0 Ministers have decided (says tbs M appoint anyone till Mr Berry y iK till! desirous of consulting with t « meD iber of such a step. Rumor has it that third party is making overtn , os t that Ministers will select an a tlsoial U supporters for the position, the billet is £io9 a year. 