HOURS OF LABOR. WE hear that tlie farmers of the North are expressing an opinion adverse to the action of tlie men on strike, aud that they give as a reason the long hours the agriculturists have to toil. There is a great difference of opinion on the latter question. Some people say that the farmers work 15 or 16 hours ; while, on the o'ber hand, it is said that if lost time be deducted, including wet weather, the time between ploughing and reaping, and then again between reaping and ploughing, it will be found that in reality the farmer does not work even eight hours. This is rather an interesting question, and one which is worth clearing up, and we inviteopinious from those who are in a position to sav what they think are the average working hours of a farmer. MAILS FOP. EUROPE.—A supplementary mail for the United Kingdom and the continent of Europe will be dispatched by the s.s. Garonne, leaving the Semaphore on Tuesday. Letters, &c.;, from Gawler should be posted on Monday. THE WEATHER.—The beginning of the week was a sharp reminder that summer has not gone yet, aud on Wednesday nearly everybody complained of its being one of the most trying days we have experienced this season. THE TRESTRAIL CONCERT.—We omitted to notice the fact that the sum realised by the above concert reached £20, a very handsome addition to the funds. We are sure Mr. V. Stewart deserves great praise for his untiring energy in carrying out the entertainment. THE REV. J. GORDON.—We regret to learn that at tlie meeting of Presbytery, held in Adelaide on Tuesday, it was reported that the Rev. James Gordon, of this town, was seriously ill, and that having been urged by his medical adviser to go to Tasmania for a season, he applied to the Presbytery for three months' leave of absence, which was granted. Arrangements were made for the supply of the Gawler Church during his absence. THE TANUNDA STATE SCHOOL. —It has been evident for some time past that the public school at Tauunda was too small, and otherwise not suited for the requirements of the place. Negotiations are now in progress for completing the purchase of a piece of land in the township to allow of additional accommodation and enlargement of the school premises. BUHGLARY AT Salisbury.—The quietness and security of this township have been broken in upon by a burglary being committed there upon the store of Messrs. Ebbs and Judds. It appears that Sir. Lipson, of the Telegraph-Office, was passing the store late on Friday evening, the 8th inst., when hearing some unusual noise inside lie gave the alarm. The place was entered, and a man named Patrick Mulveliill was found inside. Not much damage had been done to the premises, and the thief has not been allowed sufficient time to appropriate much of the property. He has been committed for trial. THE MALI-AI-A FJ.OUII MILL.—This mill was started on Saturday. Everything worked well, and hy«some the mill lias been spoken of as one of the best in the colony. Messrs. .T. Martin & Co. have had the contract for the whole of the masonry w<>rk and machinery, and have done their work well. The mill cannot but he of great- service to farmers and others in the township ami district. SfiiooT. AT LYXDOCTI.—The Government has decided upon a site for the new State school to be erected at Lyndoch. '1'endcrs are to be shortly called fur the work, and building operations will be commenced as soon as possible. TELV.OU \rn EXTENSION TO WIU.TAMSTO\VN. —A telegraph line connecting Williamstown with Lyndoeh is to be constructed, and a sum of money will be placed on the next Government 'Estimates for that purpose. When completed this will be of much benefit, not only to the township itself, but the farmers in the district. ACCIDENT.—A singular accident is reported as having happened at Iliverton last week. A Mrs. Horner was sittinsr reading with her elbow oil the table, when she fell asleep. Her elbow slipped from the table, and she fell forward, breaking her collarbone. THE J'ODNEV.—This fine ship cleared out on Tuesday night with 37 passengers for London, amongst whom is Mrs. James Martin, of Gawler. WATKR FAMINE AT POUT AUOUSTA.—Croat privation is being felt at Port Aueusta, as tlie supply of water has quite failed. On Monday 200 head of working bullocks and horses were standing in the street parched with thirst. The Commissioner of Public Works has been appealed to, and prompt measures must be taken or the distresss will be increased. BASE INSINUATION.—The Adelaide correspondent of one of the Melbourne journals gives circulation to tlie unwarrantable insinuation that the Mayor of Adelaide {Mr. W. C. Buik) is in favor of lighting the city with kerosine because he has a lari_ r e supply of that article on hand. The obliquity of this statement is apparent. TIIE LIGHTING OF TIIE CITY. —Progress is being made, although very slowly, with lighting Adelaide with kerosine. The gas fixings from the lamps have to be removed, which will take over a week, and kerosine lamps will be substituted gradually as they can be fitted in. Some parts of the city will therefore be deprived of street lights altogether for a few days until the arrangements for the new system are completed. ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT.—One of the best specimens of bad English we have seen for a long time, and especially in a Government document, is the first sentence in the Report from the Director of the Botauic Gardens. It is as follows:—"I have the honor to submit to you my annual report on the condition and progress of the garden and park during the year 1S78, which, notwithstanding the ungeuial dry season we have for the last six months had to contend with, have been less unfavorable than might have been anticipated, by attending to the wants of the vegetation in the garden and the park." This is well mixed. THE LOCH FYNE.—This immigrant ship, chartered from Greenock, arrived on Saturday, after a long voyage, having been delayed with lijrht winds and calms. .She brings, in all, 432 passengers. During the voyage there were ten deaths and six births. Many of tiie new arrivals landed on Saturday evening. ANONYMOUS VALENTINE.—A case of some interest was tried at the Port Adelaide Police Court on Monday which should serve as a warning to those people who are fond of sending anonymous communications Jfchrough the post. Bridget O'Hallorau was charged with sending an anonymous and inN ulting valentine to Frances Miller, maVried woman, on February 20, contrary to St ction 01 Post-Office Act 1S70. The char '. 3 was sustained, aud Bridget was fined £2 aua costs, iu all £4 4s. This is a heavy sum to ^ay for what some regard as a harmless wh;Vi ; and if there were a few more proseeut?t"is they would tend to restrain the senseless frolic of a few people. CITY FJN. VNCES.—It seems to be the fashion just n. »w for City Councils to muddle their affairs ai&l; to get hopelessely into debt, and it may ba some consolation to our Adelaide magna, es to know that matters in Sydney are7 if i lytliing, worse than with him." It" is proposed in Sydney, in consequence of pressing lit bilities, to dismiss the whole of the Corporal >n laborers, with the exception of the scavei. ', r ers ; that no more expenditure be incurred on sewerage, parks, and commons : and that i. )tice be given the Gas Company that the ligh ting of the public lamps will be diseoutinuet-'- on September 30th next. This is a hap*. V condition of things to be in for the AdelaiA. s and Sydney ratepayers ! Both City Council ? had better import somebody from Melbourne to give them a wrinkle. A COURAGEOUS ACT.—A correspondent of the Port Augusta Dispatch saysv— "An engine drawing eight waggons, cont. lining railway materials, &c.;, left our local stitiau at about 4 o'clock on Monday morning for the Fifteen-Mile camp. Several persons .on the train were admiring the beautiful effec t produced by the sparks from the engine, when just after entering tlie lit lis this side of Saltia their admiration was turned to dismay as the guard from the end truck* was seen leaping from one truck to another in an excited manner, exclaming, *A fire in the powder truck.' Of course the driver stopped the engine at once. The truck iu which the fire was contained, besides tool3 for workmen twelve kegs of gunpowder, each containing fifty pounds. Tlie guard before leaving the end trucks uncoupled the last three under the impression that there was no other chance of escaping destruction than by leaving such dangerous company behind as soon as full speed eould do it. Mr. Harrison, an overseer on the line, was a passenger. He took a bucket, filled it from the tender, and rushed to the sixth truck containing the powder, and after using four buckets of water the fire was extinguished, the otherpassengers leaving the train aud runing in various directions. The only covering over the powder was two bags, one of which was totally destroj r ed and the other partially. Tlie end of one keg containing powder was charred almost through, a second one being also slightly damaged. A more miraculous escape can hardly be imagined, and had it not been for the presence of mind of Mr. Harrison it is doubtful if the whole train would have escaped total destruction, -together with the Joss of seven or eight lives, besides damage to the permanent way. Mr. Harrison said he would risk his life to save the train, and lie did so. When the danger was all over some amusement was caused by recalling the exclamation of the liero of this incident upon hearing of the fire, *Oh, the train is spoiled when under the circumstauces a hasty prayer would have been more in season. Perhaps more care will be taken in future when forwarding gunpowder by rail.'' INSOLVENCY.—At the Insolvency Court on { Tuesday .lohaiui Ueii;rii-h Boelmieke, late of j Cawler licit Inn. re. v'ivi'il a seeund-elass j certificate; and Mr. \V. K. Sinims Was appointed trade assince. CFIAITCE <>F Foi:<;i:r.v.—Mr. W. H. Harris, auctioneer, Strathalhyn, was arrested on Tuesday afternoon on three separate warrants for forgery to a large amount. It appears that his account was overdraw n at the Bank, and Harris forged the naine-j of three gentlemen as guaranteeing this. He has since been committed for trial. DISASTER AT SEA.—A dreadful accident happened at sea on Monday night on the New South Welsh coast. The steamers Barrabool and Bourne Dundee eaine into collision, and in a few minutes the latter steamer sunk. TJio crew and passengers were saved, with the exception of five lady passengers, the stewardess, and the officers servant. SHOOTIN'U WITH INTENT.—At the Criminal Sittings on Tuesday George Blake was charged witli unlawfully aud maliciously shooting at Thomas Kain, at Sinithfield, on Christmas Day. Ho was found guilty, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment. U'ITERTNO A VALUELESS; CHEQUE.—Carl Lowe, alii in Shrader, alias Yleynes, was conx-iei-nl <>n Tuesday at the Criminal Court oil a charge of attempting to utter a valueless cheque for £10 at SinithfiekL on January (5tli ; and a sentence of two years was pronounced on hitn. FATAL ACCIDENT.—The W<ularoo Tlrrn's says that some children were 'playing in a yard at the rear of Mr. Gimby * house at Wallaroo, when one of them, a little fellow, 16 months old, named Edward Jinkins, was discovered with his heels upwards in a washing tub half full of water. A woo len toy was floating on the surf-tee, and it is therefore probable that he was amusing himself by swimming it, ana overbalancing himself in doing so fell into the tub. The child exhibited no signs of life when taken out, and Dr. Gosse, who was immediatly sent for, pronounced life to be extinct. A SNAKE STORV.—There has been an unusual dearth of snake tales during the present summer, but the South-Eastern Star tells tlie following story:—"As Air. Thouia-i Paul, farmer, Glenburnie, was drawing water from his well the day after the fire at th;i.t place, he noticed a snake about 2 feet in length coiled round the well-rope about t'.ree feet above the bucket. There being no f capon handy with which to dispatch his s.nkesliip, Mr. Paul gave a couple of smar', turns of the windlass, imprisoning the reptile between the rope and the barrel of t/ie windlass. Oil finding escape impossible it turned upon its captor, and made several ineffectual attempts to bite hitn ; it also fr .-quently bit at the rope and windlass. Tl.e snake was subsequently dispatched." A GHOST STORV.—The following strange affair is reported from MaoDonnell Bay in the SonfJi-Ea.ite.rn Star of Id arch 7 :—" An extraordinary supernatural occurrence, which is said to have taken place on the coast between here aud liivoji Bay, is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Garrison have been at work for some little time obtaining oil from the whale which was stranded on tiie beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity and did not return to their tent till after nightfall. -Just at the twilight William Garrison was loading his gun for the Ia.<b shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in the direction from whence the sound proceeded he observed what appeared to be a man of rather unusually tall stature making L.J.. i.:— e«,»iio</ii iij./kcm wim a nxeu gaze at th-- object, and it appeared so weird and unearthly that lii3 blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. Ou it came, and as it approached yelled again. Garrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight, and left no trace behind. At the same instant Walter Garrison, who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having hisgunloaded aud capped at the time, fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot, and melted into thin air. The people here believe the ghost or ghosts are those of some person or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen." 