Building Society Management. TO The: editor of the brisbane courier. Sims-On taking up this morning's issue of your excellent paper, my attention was drawn to a letter headed " Permanent Building Societies, or Prevention is better than Cure, the substance of which I entirely endorse. I would beg your indulgence for a short space to allow of my ' adding to the remarks already made on the subject. The directorship of these societies would, without doubt, be all the better for a change annually, and the shareholders have only themselves to blame if such healthy change is not effected, for they have the power to decide who shall and who shall not direct. It is generally provided in public societies that the directors shall be elected annually, or at least that a certain number of them shall retire annually, some being ineligible for election for a period of twelve months and some such arrangement in the election of the directory of building societies, by which the infusion of fresh blood 1 would be secured annually, is, I am confident, highly desirable. In the face of the teachings of the past twelve months I think it would be unwise were the shareholders of building societies not to profit by the examples of the Glasgow and other banks, which are matters of public record. The retirement of one of the auditors annually should also be provided for, and I am of opinion for obvious reasons that it is undesirable that the fixing of the date of the annual meeting of any society should be left in a state of uncertainty, as it can be easily guarded against by provision being made in the by-laws, which would meet any date of any year. It has struck me as being a curious anomaly that building societies, which are the means of so many persons being their own landlords, should themselves not be amongst the first to take advantage of the facilities which they so eloquently offer to the public. -Yours, etc, October 8. JUNIUS. At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before Messrs. R. Bulcock, J. H. Wheelwright, and J. H. Adams, JJ.P., a verdict for the plaintiff for amount claimed, with costs, was given in the undefended case of D Martin v. P. Mulligan-claim £1, for services performed. In the defended case of Bulger and Co v. M. A. Ramsay-claim £3 15s,, for money due, the plaintiffs were nonsuited and in the defended case of J. Doherty v. Timothy Donovan claim £1 5s., for work and labor done, a verdict was given in favor of the plaintiff for 19s, with costs. We unhesitatingly say though we must beg the reader to pardon our enigmatic speech for the sake of the moral it conveys-that was a bad thing for any man to steep his legs in alcohol. Moreover, as man is prone to weak mindedness, and too often allows others to do for him that from which his own good sense results, we must lay down a more comprehensive proposition by affirm- ing it to be not only reprehensible for a man to steep his legs in alcohol but to allow others to do it for him. Leaving moral dangers out of the question there is always the possibility of sacrific- ing personal possessions by such a vicious practice. We have heard of many instances of gentlemen whose exuberant conviviality induced a suspicion as to whether their legs belonged to them, and we are not aware of any precedent that determines the exact point at which an individual loses the legal possession of his nether limbs. " A jar of alcohol," however, would, we should have thought, have put the stoutest limbs beyond their original owner's possession. Knowing the disruptive effect of family jarswecan not imagine any man having the impudence, after being divorced from his limbs by such rude influences, to attempt to regain possession of them by a legal process Yet the Pall Stall gives such a case in the following terms . A point of great delicacy is involved in a lawsuit which has been commenced in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia in the United States It seems that the applicant for the writ was some time ago seized with a malignant malady which rendered the amputation of his legs necessary to save his life. The surgeon who attended the afflicted plaintiff took the amputated limbs to the Medical Museum, where they were placed in a jar of alcohol. Their owner imagined that they had been buried, but lately, to his disgust, learned that they were on exhibition at the Army Museum, with his name written on a card placed at the top of the jar He at once put the matter in the hands of his legal advisers, who recommended him to recover possession of his limbs. It is expected that, in the event of his succeed- ing in obtaining his legs again, other actions will be brought by various persons having amputated limbs in the i Should the claimant succeed in this suit for the recovery of his limbs, what doctor will be safe Legal processes and damages being added to the many anxieties of the profession the healing art will be handicapped out of existence. Patients, with vague yearnings for the ghosts of nearly forgotten limbs, will be stimulated into such litigious activity as will make a surgeon's existence an unprofitable nightmare.-" Specialities" in the Queenslander. 