hos inxrE: A. Story of tlie Red B-evolution. BT J. 6. \rHTTB-MlII.VItI.«. '? CHAPTER XIX. Mrs WERE D1CBIYBB6 EVER. Had Mother Eedcap been a rirl again she might lave taken a fancy licreelf, she thought, to this dainty Count, leaning on tho arm of Coupe-tete, while he swaggered gaily into the shop. Montarbas «vas one of those people to ?whom the costume of the moment eeems always the most becoming. In compliance with the prejudices of his new friends, ne had discarded powder, and his oval iface looked all the handsomer for tho dark ending looks in which it was framed. A blue coat with gilt buttons, a white waistcoat, nankeen breeches; and top-boots pushed low down the leg, eet off the symmetry of his slender, graceful form ; and while Jie remoTed a tall hat in that precision of polite pess which no amount of republicanism can (destroy among the French people, his hostess fcould not but admit with some inconsistency that after all there was nothing so graciou6 as patrician Mood. Standing by Ooupe-tete, who Imitated him in dress and manners, he looked like a grilse by a Jiaddock, a cane by a cudgel, a thorough-bred torse by a butcher's hack. He had been speaking at the Jacobins, so had |iis companion ; neither was disinclined to moisten bis lips in Mother Eedcap's brandy ; and the old woman, pledging her guests with a freedom that ehe thought exacted by the laws of hospitality, Jjecamo more friendly, more revolutionary, and more incoherent with, every gulp. She seemed to forget Leonie, and the proposed insurrection, for which she had promised to raise a troop cf Amazons belonging to her guild. She ignored Coupe-tete altogether, and «at behind her counter, bunking at Montarbas, while she maundered on about the angel she had captured, «whom she retained upstairs fort-he Count to marry 'without delay. Next week — to-morrow — why not this evening ? They could lire here, in theso very apartments. She would keep house for them . They should .bo her children, and inherit the tusinoss when she died. It was a good business. An ! she knew what she ;was about. Jlontarbas, pipping a small glass of brandy, listened patiently /enough.; amused at first, in his contemptuous ?mocking mood, by her drivellings, waking (gradually to interest'as she enlarged on the beauty .of- this mysterious guest, whom she had imprisoned jto' become his bride. ? Go and see her, citizen,' hiccoughed the old ?woman, rolling her eyes and wagging her head, as ehe steadied herself against the counter. ? Hero, itake tho koy, it is in my pocket. No, I left it in (the lock. Never mind.* You will find her asleep. Ah ! Jrogue, she is the Sleeping Beauty who sleeps a hundred years, and thou art the handsome young Prince. What ! A prince of the republic. Mon Eiour Arniand — pardon, Citizen Coupe-tete, your good health ! Let us drink one more round, gentle men. ? To the Revolution, and cause of Liberty all ?over the world !' * Then, loaning herheftdonhergroatbrawnyarms, crossed over the counter, she sank into a, drunken uneasysleep. 'This is not amusing, Citizen,' said Coupe-tete, ?who had finished hi6 brandy. ' I shall wish you good evening, and go back to the Jacobins, leaving you at leisure to complete your intrigue.' ? Montarbas asked no better. Prom Mother Eed jcap'e narrative, throughout the whole of which, Involved as it was, she laid great stress on the name of Eosine and the description of her captive's personal charms, he felt satisned.that the girl who Jiad so successfully eluded his pursuit was at last in his power, here hi the same house, bonnd hand ond foot, as it were, beyond all hope of rescue. He ??paused but one moment to ascertain tUat Mother Bedcap had really fallen asleep, and asCouije-tete passed into the street he put Ms foot on the stairs, his hands cold, his lips dry, his heart throbbing as it had not thrpbbed since he was a, boy. Yes, it all seemed right enough : there was the ?passage, and there was the door facing them. He opened it noiselessly, and glided into the room like o ghost. ?In its utter darkness he could but grope his way as a Wind man does, directed by tho heavy breath ingof the sleeper, towards her conch. She-was wrapped close an the bed-clothes. His touch wandered lightly over tho curve of her shoulders, the fall of her ehapely waist, till it met the hand that lay .outside the coverlet, half-open, turned upward, fa the confiding abandonment of sleep. He slipped his owa into it, with a gentle, gradual pressure, and whitgicred ? Eosine.' ?Hush!' His pulses beat wildly. She was here then of Jier own free-will ; she no longer fled from him, hated him. He must have been expected, desired,! There was neither fear nor anger in that ecarcely dudible warning, only an accent of extreme caution. 'My love!* he murmured in her ear, so close that his senses seemed afteeted by, the very fragrance of her hair; ' my treasure ! my aagel ! have I followed theesofar, ond found thee at last? I' must have died to lose ibee for ever. Art thou pot glad to feel my hand in thine, Eosine, my jioart of hearts F' A hundred affirmatives secimed confessed by that eoft, timid prctsure, that low, half -stifled sigh. ? And now,' he com'inued. in a subdaed whisper, r\re will never part again. ! 'We will leave Paris, We will abandon everything, we will go back to Monterbas. My Eosine sliall be the lady of the icastle. We will wander, hand-in-hand, through our own ?woods, nnoVsr the bright summer sky, Jumpy and loving as ;vJie birds that Bing to us from the thickets. Thou shalt wear thy peasant's pOBtume, but njade of the richest fabrics, and we will live only for each other. Speak to me, my town ! Say one word, oi-ily one little yes '.' Had his ear not loin v ery close her answer must have been lost, so faintlj- was it breathed through the sweet, parted lips. f ? But you love another 1 ' Who then ?' ' The Wolverine.' . ? The Wolverine !' he repeated, with an energy that bnt fora warning pressure of the hand locked Sn his own, would nave burst into declamation. ?& -woman of -3ie people ! A woman of the clubs ! What ! A man in woman's clothes, with a man's strength, and a man's sentiments ; even a man's Toice ! I never cared for her. Do not shrink from me. lam telling- you-. the truth. I never cared J)Ut for you, Eosine; 1 6haU never«arefor any one else, so long as I live 1* ? Can I believe you V ? How shall I make you-BHre? I swear it by everything I hold most Eocced, everything I hold most dear ! By my name ! by the honour of my lather I by tho spirit of my mother ! by my own tieart! by yourself, Eo«Inq, and tho teams of joy I thed to hold this precious hand once more within toy own.' He pressed it to. his eyes, and tho man was so good an actor, threw himself so warmly into his part, that a drop did fall which burned like molten lead. Extreme agony, no less than extreme danger, »£ten braces the nerves into perfect calm. Not a jjuiver betrayed that «he was hurt,' only her clasp tightened painfully round his fingers, while she murmured — ?I am yours! Do with me -what you will; only let in the daylight, and take me away from jbere l' T He sprang to the shutters, and pulled them open In a few seconds, admitting a flood of sunset into ilie room. Then he turned to embrace ins prize, and etoppfld rooted to the spot ; staring, open tsouthed, rigid — a '''' cut in stone. The Wolverine etood by the empty couch looking him fall in tie face, and burst into a lough that «rae f rightful to hear. He had a strance ?enins for intrigue. (Was it ^hb facility of practice, or the readiness ofmcthcr jritttatW) often extricated him from such false posi±inii»»» these P It is said that if you throw » cat oat of » ?eooad-floor -window, the agile Bceaton will light on Us foefc. So, in his en counters trffii ?woman, tit* Count was not to be Wppeditp,w»Titoa*d»*»*«sdTWJta(ta. He «aho*A hi Unjh Ja » tone, that, «lfl»onglnt mom mnot-Inudgr, »iwJdiiot'i«T»*a84jh«Uudf tie. PistsLQOB. ' f'Bi » good joke, my dear/ eald ho; 'bet, tortanatdjL {bfela»g*ane that can. bo played by twa* % bwr ytn ell iim fime, Lawie, Jead r*adr*t:+*4kmjyCMM& *- 1*mo» m would . pre- ITBni ypa»«H*$tfag -«*Oou*«fsin.f Ehe tarot hit (mo. Tip&ak.; hysterical, jot gSocdingioteDM jphytAau mCsi . F ''Xou^Bfltft V ffat ffifaMii 'XouUipughbib was Boeine. Yon love her, you know you do, ea much dejouhatejaaj ^Y.oil we-a villain, a traitor, a coward' Tes '. a coward, . Count Arnold d* Montar bas, for inoratitude is til slowest form of cowardice. If you think X care, you are very much mistaken ! I hVo donow&th; you. I *iH never speak to you, nor see you, hot even, .bear your name mentioned from this hour S I nil cfe nounce you to the people, I will impeach vo * I**** ' ^ Secrei Committee ; y'urh^d d.aU \ll &» the sawdust, youi -heart shall be pierced by C™ *? ***** ^^ ^&~anJt —I hate you, Arnold. I willnever be at home to ^TaoS^f^\?ut womanly, Heha^ been engaged in such cori^versies too often noh tosave^nil But that's^ done with now! Go rourown way, andlet me p. ^ V°V-lf TU once, Arnold. Imagine hew I loved you, when I, «„ iVti™;m« *?„ nif ™-nrlH ha ides, can stand here ^dp^aboutmyfeoiingsia e address at he, washtub! Good. Itisforth« tartbrne. Bvwy thing has an end, and I tell yo-» finally. Monsieur, 1 SSiSSU eHngof interest and curiosity, little stronger thair that 'i which a doctor examines the tangue, or feA s,.^taP^f °f his patient. He could observe no » 'able signs of serene weather. The tail of the eta* » was yetto come, and that sailors telLus isoffceft t -£ steongeBt and fiercest of the gale. So he contM ted himself with muttering below his breath, ? Don't believe me if you: had rather wot ! Truth is none the lesB truth becasase a womato will not listen to it !' . .. 'Liar .' she exclaimed. **How aaro yoTtsfksajfeDf truth? You! Steeped in lataehood to '.Vbe lips . Go on. -It amuses mo to hear your inv entaons. Silence ! I will not listet to a word you ,We to ^He slirui«;ed his El*5ulders, pjid held his pjeaM. wnen sne jixa iulb-cu. «wcojx «««, -.^ ««--o — ,- would be time -enough to enter on his defence. ? I cave you iS- much,' she continued— ' myself, v my reputation, mvfutore. Bah! that is nothing. T mw™im» iVubions aud my better nature, tho lore of my country, tho regeneration of my race. All this 1 sacrirfoeo: tot jour sake, because I be lieved in you ! And now, what have I left ? It is not that vou have pierced me, to the V11™ : a wound will heal; or thi1* yon have crushed my pride to the dust: lean rh'- i*1™1 my own hands, in tliese stirring times, to a higher pedestal than vou could everfiave erected f mJ' honour! But 'it is myself, my second and i'°Mer self, that you have destroyed.' A man think, sliff'itly of. these things, he. is lfut a weaker kind ot deTl1 at uls J»B* or worst i but when he teaches a woman that neither hope nor faith are left for h^rin heaven or earth, he transforms an nngel bv tK'5 tPrture. °; fire to the blackest fiend in hell. SnoufeU ? -^ot there be an end of this ! I have not onoth er word to say!' ' But, Leonie !' But, Citizen Montarbas, you shall not put m6 do\vn by talking. Tacts are stubborn things, lefe them speak for themselves. You came into cms i room like- a thief in the night, so stealthy, so I silent, on the velvet footfall offl cat, tofindtheM Rirl vou love. There was the soft luok in your eyes that I user! to know to well. DarkV nonsense; Do you tliink a womnn outraged as 1 ha.Te been, cannot see in the dark ? So the cat crept gently, treacherously, silently to the dove's nest, and found there a hawk reedy to fight with beak and talons ! What a fool you looked, Monsieur, when you turned from the window, and saw it was me ! Baffled, outwitted, disappointed. Can you deuy it?' ? ' On the contrary — ' 'Hold your tongufe ! eI know all yon. are going to say. I will not hear another syllable. Listen to me; I will tell you how near you have ibeen to happiness, how it has vanished like a dr6 » p yonr very embrace. Your Eosine has been hare, in this room, on tliat couch, within an hour.' You start — you blush — you turn pale ! 'So, you dol* t, because you have a heart of marble, and a front *?' brass ! I did not strangle her with these strong hands of mine. Why should I ? When love dies ! there is an end of jealousy. And she is a good girl — pure, virtuou*, -well brought up, devoted to tho man who will become her husband : a fine strong young fellow — one of us — a. man of the people — not a pale languid aristocrat, worn out with dissipa tion and intrigue ! She loves him, of course, and cares no more for vou. Monsieur, than I do now. That is why I helped her to ieseape— let her out at that very door, before yon .came «. What would you give to know -where she ie gone ?' ' A. five-franc piece,' he answered, carelessly. ' Perhaps hardly so much. Do you suppose I could not have found her long ago, if I had tried f ' Do you supposa it makes the slightest flifference to ni«, whether you did or not? Sholsgone.at any rate, and you can follow her — the 6ooner the better.' 