The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXV. "MAGGIE'S SECRET." BY "DRAMINGO." I'LL be even with James yet; see if I don't! He assaulted me this morning in the most cowardly manner, when I was asleep and dreaming of the past—of my old life amongst the tree tops, and out in the fresh bright air ; not in stuffy stupid Brisbane. I'm seriously thinking of casting off the trammels of civilisation and going back to liberty and the bush—going back to end my days afar from the gaze of men. I'm horribly disgusted with men and women. I hate and despise the race ; hypocrites, time-serving sycophants, tellers of untruths, and ever ready to bear false witness against each other. Only for the grief my absence would cause to a few amongst you, I would shake the dust from my wings and hie me away to the wflderness. Good gracious me! if you'd only act honestly and straightforwardly, how much better off you would be ! but no, not the shadow of candour is there amongst the best of you. There's Nevil now, he's just inclined to wake up—has awoke, in fact to the manifold virtues and excellence of my little girl Clara, and what does she do ! Avoids him, looks coldly on him, doesn't give him a scrap ol encouragement, and in fact drives him—and I say it at all risks for I've watched and notioed—straight into Mrs. Bloomington's sway. Probably I'm an ass, not a magpie at all but I'm of the opinion that the only man Clara Danten would care to listen to is Nevil, and now —now that he shows signs of awakening to the knowledge of the prize he is neglecting, wring my neck if she doesn't show him the cold shoulder. O, I'm sick of you aIL Supposing people do talk of the way he is always dancing attendance on Mrs. Bloomington, Clara would soon wean him of that; but no, she holds off, and he gets sulky, and everything is at sixes and sevens and I'm powerless to put things straight. I took a short excursion yesterday and came home by Queen-street. None of you have been a long way up in the air, and had a bird's-eye view of it, I suppose. You just should; if it didn't take the conceit out of you I don't know what would. Shall I tell you what happens :—First of all Brisbane seems to run up together as though it was frightened at being looked at; and all the hills get as flat as possible. Then when you look down you see apparently a lot of galvanised iron thrown about in squares, with dark lines be tween them ; and on these lines a lot of awkward insignificant insects moving about This is what an eagle-hawk told me ; I never went up so high myself—on to a house-top contents me. I was sitting on a house-top yesterday looking at the people and thinking how much better they'd get on if they could fly; they wouldn't have to hold up their tail-feathers with one hand as they do now ; and think what a saving it would be in cabs ! As I sat on the parapet meditating thus, I saw Bloomington, Mrs. Bloomington, her little cousin, and our dear Bouncer coming ; they stopped for a second just opposite to where I was and then the ladies entered the shop underneath me, and Bloomington went on alone. A cab came down about five minutes afterwards, and an unfortunate boy miscalculated his distance and got knocked down. He was not much hurt, but he set up a terrible howling, and his face was a little cut; so some sympathising bystanders carried him into a chemist's shop—the very shop the ladies were in. I flew down to see the fun and was just in time to witness the Bouncer sub side with a shriek into a glass-case of tooth brushes ; poor dear nervous creature! Mrs Bloomington cast one contemptuous glance at her companion, then turned to the man who was carrying the boy's head and shoulders. " What's the matter with the boy?" she asked. "Horful accident, mum;" he returned; "'spect he's got every blessed bone broken." " Put him down on his feet and see," she said. The man immediately lowered his part of the burden, which, as the other assistant retained his half at the same height, resulted in the patient being put on his head instead of hie feet. This mistake being rectified, the boy with many groans stood up unassisted, and the Bouncer got out of the glassl-case and asked the chemist for some smelling salts. " The child's not hurt; why a big boy like you should be ashamed to make such a fuss. Your face is a little bruised, that's all," Mrs. Blooinington said, approaching the point of her shapely gloved finger to within an inch of a mix ture of mud and blood on the urchin's cheek ; " run home and get your face washed." The stragglers that the incident had collected dispersed disappointedly, and the chemist rubbed his hands slowly as he hovered around the Bouncer, who was still a little hysterical. " I really think," she said to her friend, "that I should die at once if I saw anybody actually seriously hurt." " Yes. What a lucky thing, then, that all women are not like you ! I don't know what it is to feel nervous ; I could hold you whilst a surgeon cut your arm off, if it was required." " What a horrid idea;!" exclaimed Agatha, giving a faint shriek and a frightened look at her companion : and with a farewell sniff at the salts they were bowed out by the chemist. The people in the street were reading the evening paper which had just been issued, and when my attention was directed to things in general, after the little incident just narrated, I could make out that the principal topic of con versation was the announcement of the fact that the leader of the Opposition had given notice that on a certain date he intended to move that the then existing Government had not the confidence of the House. The street politicians had the names of the coming Ministry quite pat already, and I heard Bloomington mentioned several times as being likely to take office, in the event of his party being successfuL I began to think that I should experience a kind of reflected glory as being the magpie who knew a member of the Queensland Ministry ; and I fell to think ing of that small sheep-station, and the green eyed satiny-whiskered shepherd who had a dog called Bailey, and I could have laughed, " sans intermission, an hour by the dial." I felt in a cynical mood after this, and I got on to a verandah and watched the passers by, and thought how all was vanity and vexation of spirit. Now, I thought, "me" dear friend Bloom ington is approaching the climax of his ambition ; he's becoming a marked man in this small section of the world ; he's got a splendidly handsome woman for a wife ; he's rich, and of a shrewd disposition that's likely to increase his wealth ; he lacks certainly a few essentials in the matter of breeding end education, but he's managed to supply the deficiency passably well; he's not worse than the general run in that respect ; altogether he's a lucky man ; and as I arrived at that conclusion Mrs. Bloomington passed beneath my ken once more, walking slowly up the street with Nevil. Yes, he's a very lucky man, I re- pealed to myself as I flew home. When I got back James was just going into the home, and he dropped a letter he'd been read ing. I picked it up and hopped behind a rose bush. James turned back immediately he missed the note, but he didn't see me, and he hunted and searched in vain, having at last to go in with out it. ' I took the note up carefully to Jack's room, and put it on his table. I did not know what it was about, but in a general kind of way I knew that it must be something James did not want his brother to see, so I thought that would perhaps make us quits for the morning. As I anticipated, Nevil came home to dinner, and there was of course great talk about the ex pected change in the Ministry ; an approaching ball, also, was one of the topics, but the interest in that seemed languid, languid in the extreme. James had another unsuccessful hunt for the lost note (evidently, there's something in it; I'm glad I put it up in Jack's room). Jack didn't notice it when he went to his room before dinner ; but afterwards they were going to a concert or some sort of mild dissipation, and then Jack found it. I recall that scene with horror. I've known Jack for I should not like to say how many years, and have never seen him lose his temper. I've heard him swear like a trooper in a drafting yard ; I've known him take the law into his own hands with a refractory shearer; and I've seen him get three falls in succession and mount again with undisturbed good humor the fourth time ; but this was nothing like what had ever happened before. Agatha went away and hid herself ; Clara was as white as a sheet, but she kept close to Jack and held his arm with her soft little hand, and Nevil looked mighty uncomfortable, as though he was out of place and knew it. Mrs. Danten was in her room (as usual now), the others were all in the drawing-room, the girls with their hats on, ready to start. Jack alone was waited for ; he came. Directly he entered the room I and everybody— for we all knew him so well—felt that some thing unprecedented had happened; something that made Jack's eyes gleam and sparkle like coals ; that made his face look twice as old as usual, and caused his voice, that no danger could have made falter, to sound harsh and unnatural. He walked straight up to James, and said, as he held out the note that I recognised, " I need not ask if that's yours ; the name is unfortunately in full at the bottom." James cast one look at his brother, and then subsided ; seemed to vanish, leaving nothing but his clothes behind. I think he meant to bluster a bit at the start, but if so the notion vanished with one look at Jack's face ; even I felt frightened ! "Davy," said Jack, "you are such an old friend that I cannot help saying what I have to say before you ; and that is that I wish that boy —my brother—had died years ago rather than he had lived to do what this letter tells me he has done. By Heaven ! if I had known that this could have happened I would have killed him myself." It was at this that Agatha fled, and Clara went up to Jack and passed her hand through his arm, as though she thought he might carry his awful threat into execution then and there. It was a scene I never want to witness again; a man whom you have always looked upon as a being a little above human weakness and passion to suddenly change his nature, and show what he could be under the unchecked influence of anger, it a startling sight to see. Nevil leant against the mantelpiece looking admiringly at Clara as with a pale frightened face she gazed up at her brother's face. Jack turned to her : " Clara, leave us for a while." " No, let me stay, Jack," she pleaded. He took her face between his hands and stooped and kissed her tenderly. " Go, dear," he said, "you can trust me." She turned away with a half sob, and as she passed James put her hand pityingly on his bowed head. Poor little girl ! she had no idea what had happened ; but it must have been something terrible, she knew, to have so changed the brother who had nursed her as a baby and petted her as a child, without ever being unjust or unkind. Nevil stepped forward and opened the door for her. She gave him an imploring glance, as if to ask him to intercede for poor James, and then the door closed and only the three men were in the room. " Read that, Davy," said Jack, giving him the note ; " don't let any false delicacy stop you ; it is right you should know." Nevil read it. James had thrown himself back in his chair and sullenly folded his arms. "Do you understand it, can you guess what this boy has made himself accomplice to ?" asked Jack. " Surely not so bad as that, Jack ?" said Nevil, looking half scared at his companion. " It matters little whether it is as criminal as appears on the surfuce, or whether the crime stops short of infringing the law ; his share in it" (pointing at his brother, who was doggedly silent) "is the same, equally despicable, aye, even almost worse in the latter case than the former." " I can say nothing in his defence, Jack ; only spare him this before me : talk to him by your self." There was a long and painful pause ; then Jack spoke : " Will you promise me not to leave the house to-night, and to go to your room now ?" he said addressing his brother. " Yes !" said James, in a voice that seemed strangely harsh. Jack looked at the door, and the younger brother rose and passed out. "We must go on now," said Nevil ; " but what will it lead to ? can you see the end, old friend ? I fear to think." " I see," said Jack, not looking at his friend, but absently in front of him," a boy—naturally inclined to be weak and vicious—fall into the companionship of a treacherous scoundrel who taken advantage of his silly propensities to get him into his power, to make him do his dirty work—who makes him a liar, a hypocrite, and, worse, a skulking go- between betwixt his victim and himself; and that boy is my brother. Shall I stop when I can run him down! No ; I know what you will urge, Davy, but it would only be cruel kindness ; for the blow must come some day, and I think it should come from me." But we must trace this out, we must have time ; and we must still keep up appearances. I believe you are right, and, if it proves to be the worst, why after all it is better now than in the future ; but think, sleep on it." ''And what shall I do with this wretched boy ?" " Send him up to my place. Grattan will see to him ; he can't do much mischief there." At this moment the door opened, and Clara stole in. "0, Jack dear, what is the matter ? what has he done ?" she cried going up to her brother. " Nothing, my girl, that I can tell you," he re plied stroking her hair fondly. " But do! perhaps it's my fault, if it's about money ; for he lost some the other night, and I threatened to tell you, but I didn't, and I'm so sorry now, for it might have stopped all this." " Money is the least part of it; Davy can tell you that too ; and also that you cannot kuow now how dishonorably he has acted." " Jack is quite right, Miss Danten ; you are better in ignorance," said Nevil in reply to her enquiring look. " But James is dreadful; when I spoke to him, as he went upstairs, he almost struck me ; what can it be ?" "There, never mind; I'm going to send him for a trip up North, so you'll have to get his things ready ; the steamer starts the day after to-morrow." " O, Jack, you don't mean it—so suddenly ?" " I mean it, and it's for his good. There, think as little of it as possible ; we'll put off the concert to-night, and I'll go up and speak to James alone. Wait tor me, Davy." An awkward silence ensued after Jack's de parture. " It's terrible to be in the dark when you know something has happened," said Clara at last, with the persistence of her sex. " Cannot you really tell me, Mr. Nevil ?" she went on half coax ingly. " I can only tell you this much," he returned, " that your brother has not in any way trans gressed the law ; it is the unwritten code that he has infringed upon ; and it has been that that has wounded Jack so sorely." " And, whatever it is, you will try and make Jack think as leniently as he can of it; James is very young ; you will, Mr. Nevil ?" pleaded the pretty peacemaker. I wouldn't swear she added " for my sake ;" but Nevil looked as pleased as though she had. Did Jack come back too soon ? l am half in clined to think he did ; but at any rate l am certain that a much better understanding was established between those two that evening than had ever existed before Jack went out with Nevil ; that Clara looked the least bit self conscious when Nevil shook hands with her I am not prepared to state ; but that she had found her color again, and looked the prettiest little girl to be seen in thn colony, I will maintain on oath before a jury of magpies. I went to roost, and thought of " what great events from little causes spring" : if James had not assaulted me this morning I should never have stolen that note, and there would have been none of this row. Never mind; Bloomington is a very lucky man. Chaptir XXVI. " Gentleman been here to see you, sir," said the waiter to Nevil as he entered the building that credulous fancy and a Brisbane publican called a hotel. " Didn't be leave a card or a name?" "Yes, sir ;" and the waiter triumphantly pro duced a pasteboard with Dunwick's name thereon and a pencil memo. attached stating that the owner of the name would call again at about 11 o'clock that night. It was half-past 10 then, and before the appointed time Dunwick appeared. " You read Blount's letter ?"' said Nevil after the first greetings had passed. " I did, and have made up my mind to go out at once ; provided of course you agree to my using the information, as you seemed to indicate when you gave it me to read." " Only for am unfortunate occurrence I would accompany you ; when will you start—by the first steamer ?" " Yep, the day after to-morrow." " I'll give you a letter to Grattan, telling him to find you in horses, and a man. To Blount I have already written, and explained matters." " By the way," said Dunwick with apparent carelessness, " do you know who this Armstrong is he speaks of ?" " I have some sort of an idea, but although I have heard of him before we have never met to my knowledge or remembrance. You'll call again before you start, I suppose," said Nevil as his visitor was leaving ; " and by the way you can do me a favor. There's a youngster called Danten going up to Riversdale in the same steamer as you are ; will you give an eye to him as much as possible ? he's inclined to kick over the traces somewhat." " Certainly, as far as is in my power ; I'm eminently adapted to be a guide to erring youth Good night !" Nevil went up to his bedroom, and threw him self without undressing upon his bed. Affairs in general seemed to be getting complicated ; and he looked absently at his rather comfortless sur rouudings, in the vain hope of obtaining a happy idea that would show him a way out of his difficulties. A well-developed cockroach cleaning his face with his forelegs, and staring at Nevil over the edge of the candlestick suggested nothing. The dressing-table, with its character istic litter of old letters, brushes, cigars, neck ties, and studs, had no inspiration to ofter; and the contemplation of two pairs of boots on the floor afforded him little satisfaotion. He closed his eyes, but all his fancy could conjure up was a pretty girlish face that he had known so long and got so accustomed to that it astonished him to find himself thinking that it was pretty. Then that vanished before the vision of a pair of warm dark, eyes that only softened to him, though now they seemed to have a reproachful look in their depths : and so he passed into dreamland and sleep. - - ' — The candle on the table lived out its short life, flickered and wavered, throwing ghastly fantastic shadows on the walls and floor, then 'sank into its socket and left the room in darkness; but Nevil slept on until the post office clock struck 2 ; then he suddenly awoke. "Bad habit, going to sleep like this* he muttered, as he kicked his boots viciously out side his door, making so much noise that his next neighbor demanded' If it was a fire. " Candle burnt out, too ; I'll set some house on fire some day. Everybody in bed I suppose ; I'll have to go and steal a candle from some body's room." The first door he tried was locked, and an indignant voioe called out to know what was wanted. "Only wanted to know how you were," returned Nevil kindly as he beat a hasty retreat, for it suddenly struck him that it was a room sacred to married people he had almost invaded. The next attempt would have been a success only for the simple reason that the occupant had followed his example and gone to sleep leaving the candle burning. The next door he tried admitted him into a room that appeared empty ; but upon his striking a match a voice from the bed called out to know who the devil that was. " I only want the loan of your candle, if you've no further use for it," returned Nevil lighting the article in question, and turning towards the speaker. "Hum!" said the other, " all right," and turned sleepily round. " I may think myself deuced lucky to get back without getting my head punched," thought Nevil as he entered his room again ; " trust there will be nothing missing in the morning or I shall be accused of taking it. Good Heavens t" The last exclamation was caused by the fact becoming patent to him that he had either mistaken his room or somebody else had her's, for a girl was standing by the dressing table who put her finger on her lips warningly, as he stopped in some sligbt confusion. The girl was Bell, or her ghost, and it was evident that she had something to say to him. " Bell ! how did you come here?" he said in an undertone after he had shut the door. " I am a housemaid here now," she replied : " I have been watching all night to speak to you, but your boots were not outside your door, so I thought you had not come home. Then I heard you come out, but you did not hear me, and I was frightened to call loud." " What is it you want to see me about, Bell; won't it wait till the morning?" " I might not have an opportunity in the morning, and I have a lot to say." " Well, sit down," said Nevil. " I suppose," said the girl after a little hesita tion, " Mr. Danten told you of our last inter view ?" Nevil nodded. "He said then," she went on, " that although you and he would not assist me in finding out anything about that wretch Bloomington, still if I wanted money help you would either of you give it me. I wrote to Mr. Danten six weeks ago asking him for some money to pay my passage to Melbourne and back but he never answered it" "He could not have received it; Jack would keep his word to his worst enemy." "I wrote again, and got no answer. Both letters could scarcely have miscarried." " Were they addressed to his private house or to the office ?" *' To his own house." " What sort of a fist do you write. Bell, good or bad?" " "Tolerably good." " Would you mind writing down Mr. Danten's address, in your usual hand, just as you addressed those letters ? I think I know where they have gone to. You'll find pencil and paper there some where." The girl did as he said, and handed it to him. "Now go on." " I saw Mr. Danten once in the street, but there were some ladies with him, to of course I could not speak to him. Then I thought it was no good writing again—that he did not want to be mixed up in it any more, or had forgotten me; and I was very hard up, so could not go down to Melbourne as I wanted. I got a situation in a private family, and then saw the advertisement of this place ; so as I remembered you generally stayed here I applied for it, and left the one I was then in. It was only a chance, I knew, but it has turned up trumps." " When did you enter this great establishment "Yesterday afternoon; and a steamer leaves to morrow morning; that was why I was in such a hurry to see you." " And now we come to the question : that you want some money to go to Melbourne ; will it be rude if I ask why you want to go I" "I was going to tell you t I heard that my sister was there, or was last seen there." "Well, it's a singular coincidence your turn ing up to night; for Mr. Danten and I have found out something that has made us reconsider our former decision. Now we'll make an agree ment: if I find you in money for this purpose, will you promise not to stir a step without con sulting us, to tell us everything you find out, and to act only by our directions ?" "I will," sald the girl earnestly, "provided you assure me that you will not spare him when the time comes." " It's a bargain then," returned Nevil; " we'll shake hands on it, Bell. What a deal of mis directed energy there is in your character ! I wonder you have not been hanged before this : you are such a good hater." Nevil got up, and took a travelling inkstand and his cheque-book from his portmanteau. "What time does the steamer start ?"' "At 1." "Then you can get this cashed to-morrow morning," he said, "and I will see you on board, and give you an address where it is probable you may hear something of your sister. Write to Mr. Danten ; your letters will be safe now." The girl took the cheque. " I don't know how to thank you and Mr. Dauten," she said with a suspicious tremble in her voice ; and after bidding him good night left the room. [tTO BE CONTINUED]] 