Regulations for the Lenten Fast, 1879. 1.—On account of the dearness and scarcity of abstinence food, flesh meat is allowed on all days at dinner, except Wednesdays, Fridays and Ember Saturday. No restric tion is placed on the use of flesh meat on Sundays. 2.—Eggs, cheese, lard, or dripping are allowed on all days at dinner, except on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 3.—To those who fast, a small collation is allowed, in the morning and in the evening, of bread and tea, or other simple food, with a little milk, butter, cheese, vegetables, fruit or hone}'. 4.—With these mitigations, all who have attained the age of twenty' one years are earnestly exhorted to observe the rules of abstinence and fasting. 5.—Labourers and hard-working persons are allowed the usual number of meals; also those who are in a delicate state of health, who, by reason of weakness of constitution, or other just cause, require a similar dispensation. 6.—Prisoners in the employ of Government, or confined in the various Government establishments, are also exempt. 7.—Those who from a reasonable motive require further dispensation from fast or abstinence, will apply to their Pastor, who is empowered to decide in their cases. Let those who cannot so apply be careful not to be deluded by the desire of indulgence into a groundless • decision in favour of self-love. 8.—The duty of the Paschal Communion will commence on the first Sunday of Lent, and conclude on Trinity Sunday, inclusive. It is most desirable that all should attend during Lent at the daily Mass, and the evening devotion, whenever it is possible. The Clergy are requested to fix a convenient hour for the daily Mass and evening devotions with instruction, in the churches or chapels near their residences, where this has not been already established. Those who are not living near a church or chapel are earnestly requested to assemble their families for Morning Prayer, the " Angelus " at midday, and to recite the Rosary in the evening. By; Order of His Grace ,the Archbishop. 1 •,<-... JOHN FITZPATRICK, .: yicar-Gfeneral, iJ879. |T THE LATE FATHER LORDON's Vnu!. l ' n TJ^sams b&qaeathed; by) the late Rev. Dtfiiel: iLoT^n,! fcWvrt®of St. Franpia' tuti< the ksate bf 4tt& Ntfns'df: th^ifirood -Shfip^ herd, £250 tfotfcrlsl^jBoyer Ci|%» lie #Ephanagj9} r a^JEjnfrald ^ill,. jr. gt,. . , Patrick's' r Cathedral, F t t S Chbw^liM ^tvlia^'i "Ch'lircb (Hotham), £50 each. SR. FRANCIS* CHURCH. Those who visit the beautiful, little Lady-Chapel of St. Francis' Church cannot fail to observe with what evident taste and solicitude the altar of. the chapel is constantly decorated. • The care of this altar is entirely entrusted to the members of the Bodality of the Children of Mary, who, every Saturday, regulate and decorate it with pious care, aud to whom the work is a labour of love. Mass is celebrated on the altar, every Saturday morning. ST. IGNATIUS' CHURCH, RICHMOND. The devotions for the Holy Season of Lent were commenced in the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, on the evening of Ash Wednesday, <and will be continued each evening, at seven o'clock, till Easter. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament will be given on Friday evenings. On Sunday evenings, instead of Vespers, the Stations of sthe Cross, will be performed. FEAST OF ST. MATTHIAS. Monday last being the Feast of St. Matthias the Apostle was a day of devotion. In the evening Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given ' in the Metropolitan Church. ASH WEDNESDAY. Last Wednesday being Ash Wednesday, the first day of the penetential season of ent, the ashes were blessed in. all the principal churches and chapels, and distributed at all the Masses to the faithful. His Grace the Archbishop blessed the ashes in the Metropolitan Church at the eight o'clock Mass. DEVOTIONS FOR LENT; The devotions for the Holy Season of Lent will be commenced in the principal churches to-morrow evening, and be continued every evening till Easter, Sunday. They will consist of Rosary Sermon, and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. His Grace the Archbishop will preach each evening during next week inSt. Francis' Church,LbDsaale-st. FATHER KRANII WITTER, S.J. We are glad to be able to state that the health of the Eev. Father Kranewitter, S.J., continues to improve, although slowly. Prayers continue to be offered up every Sunday evening in the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Bichmond, for his perfect recovery. ARRIVED. The Bev. Father C. Romanis and the Rev. Father F. Tanganilli from Queensland arrived in this port on Saturday last, by the B.M.S. Avoca, en route for Calcutta. EMBRALD HILL CATHOLIC YOUNG MENS SOCIETY. The usual weekly meeting of the above society was held in SS. Peter and Paul's schoolroom on Monday evening, 24th February; Mr. Jas. Noonan, S.V.P., in the chair. It was unanimously agreed that the society should subscribe to the Advonate. Other business having been transacted, the following songs and recitations were well rendered by the members. Mr. Sheedy commenced the programme with a very good comic song, which won much applause. Mr. R. Fitzgerald delivered a short recitation, " The Soldier's Grave," very well. Mr. Jas. Dunn sang "Gold, Gold, Gold" very nicely. Mr. A. O'Keefe delivered the fine recitation of " Bingen on the Rhine" extremely well, Mr. J. Bacon caaBed great merriment with a comic song called "Have you seen the Ghost?" Mr, Noonan delivered a lengthy but very fine recitation in good style.'- Several other songs and recitations were also delivered, and the meeting closed with the usual vote of thanks to the chair. THE CRUSADE. The usual meeting of the Crusade was held on last Monday evening at the schoolroom of St. Ignatius', Richinond. The Revs. Fathers Mulhall S.J;, and Tappeiner administered the pledge. Herr Gerlach presided at the piano. Mr. JY M'Lean, of St. Patrick's College, gave two recitations and a reading in good style. Herr Gustave Berthold's German song was much admired, as also songs by the following gentlemen:—Messrs. . Griffin, Barry, Neol, Lennard and Gallagher. A recitation was given by Mr. "SheaH. The lady vocalists werfe- the Misses O'Reilly, the Misses Nix, and Miss Oates, and Miss Lane. Father, Mulhall; exhorted those present to forward the' interests of the Crusade to the utlnostof their power by inducing their friendi'iw oin it, and expressed himself: highly; leased with, their progress: <^He ( proroseci a ;vote of thanks ,to,t^,v^lists,; andrit was afcporded by 'Acclamation.' J The meetingwasalargeone. JJ'i ^ ^r.;-MARY'S STAB OF THE SEA, :'HOTHAii; ; v./ii.' C^oma^orreapofid&A;,^,' ... J (I!f i Pjerhaps in no part of Victoria hassp nch " progressbeen made' : as " in .this arish for the lMtfe.w 'yeai ! a;' n Wttey-the i reSerit: beloved' 1 pastor; Dfeaii' vrasisppoioled ito ;thi8'(district;:iar<l$7}j hei t) : e ! iiitiful ! iiid' 'dbmmrfuw«p .?»*«»»>,, he -large orgato, thtf cpllsndi3 ^res-* yteiy, are the best testimony of what can be done by a good people and popular and energetic resident adminis trator. It is adieavy charge on the Catholics of Hotham to support their two schools—St. Mary's and St, Michael* a—still they are making a noble sacrifice, and the existence of a large and influential school committee shows they are determined on preserving them. At the monthly meeting of this committee, held on .Sunday, the 16th inst., the balance-sheet for the last half-year was read and adopted. From it I see the amount paid away from the school fund was £475, or an average of nearly £80 a month. The attendance^ the schools was reported to be higher than ever, and the efficiency and popularity were duly .maintained under Mr. C. O'Mahoney and Mrs. Taylor in St, Mary's, and Mr. Kennedy and Mrs, Callanan in St. Michael's. An addition to St. Michael's must be carried out at once, as the health officer of Hotham has advised that there is not at present sufficient accommodation for the large attendance. This fact.; alone volumes for Hotham, as they prefer to send their children to their own unassuming buildings than to those palatial buildings, the State Bcbools, so numerous in Hotham. Nothing but pure love of religi ous education could induce them to do so. At the meeting referred to, the greatest enthusiasm was displayed by the col lectors, and at its close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. D. Fitz Patrick, the honoray secretary of the school' committee, who has been always indefatigable in maintaining the school fund. In acknowledging the vote, Mr. Fitzpatrick made some salient remarks, which ,were highly applauded.. At subsequent meeting of the Catholics, it was decided to celebrate St. Patrick's Day by a grand concert and ball in the Hotham Town Hall. {From our Qeelortg Correspondent.) THE ORPHANAGES. The annual collection in aid of the local orphanages was made in both churches on Sunday last. No charity sermon was preached on the occasion,the Venerable the Archdeacon remarkingthat such a mode of stimulating the generosity of the Catholics of Geelong was wholly unnecessary. They had ever remembered that two hundred fatherless children were dependent on them for support, and the mere recollection sufficed to call their practical charity into exercise. That the Archdeacon's confidence was not misplaced was evidenced by the result of the collections, which amounted in the aggregate to the handsome some of £45. MORE STATISTICS. An officer of the Government Statist's Department has been visiting all the ocal Catholic schools during the past week, his object being to collect the tatistics of attendance, tfce., for publica- makes the third return that teachers have been called upon to prepare since the dawning of the new year, and they are naturally murmuring at being compelled to sacrifice their scanty leisure without the slightest compensation. It is certainly 'unjust to require teachers, after the arduous labours of the day, to set to work again after' tea and remain until midnight pouring.overhuge columns of figures. An American writer tells us that in his country schoolmasters are grey-headed at thirty, whilst the lady teachers are old maids at twenty-five. The same will have to be recorded of Victoria before long if our teachers have to work night and day in the present fashion. POLITICAL FAVOURS.. There is one remark in the Lenten Pastoral of his Grace the "Archbishop which is particularly true of Geelong. It is the sentence in which his Grace refers to the fjwt that personal favours both inside and outside of Parliament have been qsed by those in power as a means of weakening the Catholic vote. In reading the Pastoral last Sundayy. at the eleyen o'clock Mass, the Venerable, the Archdeacon significantly repeated this particular sentence threfe times, the knowledge that it was specially appropriate being, no doubt, 1 Wreason-for m>> doing. . It is humiliating, tp mak^'the that it '.lias, been 'found ' impossible''"to, organise the Catholib electora of breeldng;' although theyi mimbet a thrrd'ijf tjie > electorate; and/therefore j :if tfnaniriiousy V iappy' t6 co-operate, 1 bufc y&a;!;ieePl>iJii ndjarpefaona£ obligation* {tpjsp>aOd'*o. j r, nd th)i|; itj is , jntati olony,, can'|>uti ^from his' tolftob'1h ! <P&Miai; (Continued from page 13.J DIOCESE OP BALLARAT. His Lordship returned from the seaside last weekend I learn that his health is a good deal better. He celebrated Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sanday last at eight o'clock,, as usual, after which he read the Lenten regulations at full length, paragraph by paragraph. Having read and explained them, he made a short discourse on the subject * exhorting all to avail themselves of the , ample opportunity presented by the holy " season of Lent for penance, for past sina> and for being thoroughly reconciled 10 God in future. He also called attention to the effect that the united prayers of priests and people must have in bringing down most abundantly the mercy of God on His people. His Lordship went on to point out that it was owing to the great goodness and mercy of God . that they were brought again to another season of Lent, and he warned them now to listen to the voice of God speaking through His ministers. Having Bpoken at some length upon the blessings and races obtainable in the holy season of ent, his Lordship concluded by pointng out the gravity of the law relating - thereto, particularising those cases OT' xception which the Church allowed. ' The usual weekly meeting of the , Catholic Young Mens' Society took place . n 21st February, at the Library, Dawson-street ; the president, Mr. D. Fitz- ! patrick, J.P., in the chair. The principal . business of the evening was ah'impromptu debate, iu which a number of those pre". sent took part, several of the speakers : howing very considerable proficiency in " oratory. There was a very good at- . endance. I may add that I am inormed that several young men are about " o become members, and that a coniderable increase in the ranks is ' onfidently expected. 