THE GAWLEBJSTRIKE. MEETING AT THE TOWN HALL. A public meeting converted by the Major in , reply -to. a requisition was held at the Town . Bali on Monday evening, March 10, " to con . aider the question of lengthening the hours of labour as attempted at Gander." There was a crowded attendance, principally of working men, both in the body of the hall and the gallery, a large number not being able to obtain The Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. W. G. Bulk, was voted to the chair. The Chairman said when he was elected Mayor he stated that he was and always had been in favour of the eight hours system, and it was a matter of great regret to him to find that a jarring had taken place between the employers and the employed. He trusted that this state of things wonld soon end, for strikes always involved a large amount of suffering to.both employers and employed. In the old country a great deal of difficulty and trouble had resulted from strikes. On the abstract principle, he thought strikes were wrong; but on all great questions all persons who were engaged in labour must show which side they were on, and endeavour as far as possible with calmness and without any attempt at persecution to carry out what they believed to be right. (Hear, hear.) He then called on Mr. Summertonto give an account of the Gawler strike. Mr. Scmmerton. who was received with much applause, then detailed the circumstances which. had led to the strike of the men at Messrs. Martin & Co.'s establishment. He mentioned the suggestions which the men had made to avoid it, amongst others offering to work nine hours, one to be considered as overtime, and to be paid the same as they had received for eight hours. They wanted to work nine hours for eight hours' pay, hut their employers were not agreeable to that, which showed that their de termination was to break down the eight-hours system. The men determined to maintain it at any cost, and the principle on which they struck was the eight hours pure and simple without any proviso as to wages. (Applause.) Messrs. Martin and Co. had got the other employers, with one exception, to join them, and now there were the employes of four different shops oat of work, and he thought likely to be so for some time to come. Since the strike the men had sent in other suggestions, one of which was considered a piece of impudence on their part. But it was done by the men on strike in good faith, avoiding in every respect anything not respectful to their employers. (Hear, hear.) Every man who was out on strike deemed it his duty to treat his employers as gentlemen in every way according to the letter of the law. He felt jnst as much justified in raising his hat to Mr. Martin or any member of the firm now as ever he did. He had no ill-feeling towards them. They believed that they were fighting for their rights, and the working men believed that they were fighting for their rights, and they intended to stand to the eight hours whether they gaiued it or no. (Cries of " We will win.") As the matter stood in Gawler now he believed that the crisis was as far distant now as it was the day they struck work, for he did not fee any movement yet which was likely to bring about an amicable settlement between the employers aud the employed. He would he very glad to see a settlement to morrow. He was tired of it. He never believed in strikes. He had been in one or two, and he had always found both sides had had to suffer severely; but there was never a battle fought on this earth but both sides were bound to lose some of their men. (Applause.) This was a battle between employers and employes—be tween capital and labour; the question whether the working men would give way or stand their ground. If they gave way their liberty was lost, the eight-hours system was gone. (Cheers.) He believed every working man felt that his honour would be gone if the eight hours was plucked out of his hands, and he would say to their fellow working men in the city who had so kindly helped them in their struggle, and had provided means for carrying on the struggle, "We are prepared in your hands to fight the battle." (Great cheering and one dissentient voice, the owner of which was greeted with cries of " Put him ont.") There were some, he believed, under a great mistake as to the meaning and object of their placing pickets in Gawler. Of course they considered amongst themselves that while the employers of Gawler were seeking to get men from other parts of the colony to work for them the men on strike were justified in using all fair means to keep them from succeeding, and they had a perfect light to do so. (Hear, hear.) lie was sure there had never been one case since the strike where any threat had been used, or force of any description. They told men, "If you do not like to accept our terms go to work but they did not threaten or intimidate them in any way—they left them to themselves. He did not think any man they had persuaded yet hut was perfectly satisfied with the terms he had received at the hands of the Gawler men. The pickets simply asked men if they were seeking employment, and if they said they were they were sent to the Committee, who dealt with them. They made their offers, and if they could get them employment else where they paid their fares, but they never treated them in an ungentlemanly manner, and he^did not think a single charge could be made of anything discreditable having been done by a man on picket duty at Gawler. Whatever might be done or said they felt at Gawler that it was their duty to protect the interests of the working men, and that if they gave way they would very possibly lose the great object for which they were now fightiDg. (Much applause.) Mr. Leike proposed the first resolution as follows:—"That this meeting is of opinion that the attempt of Messrs. Martin & Co. to infringe the eight-hours system is injudicious, and has a tendency to injure the well-being of the com munity." He said he was pleased to see the May«r occupying the chair, and for his ex pressions of sympathy towards the workiBg men they were grateful. He would have been glad if a collision between Messrs. Martin & Co. and their men could have been avoided.' Every provision was made in the rules of the Trades Societies to avoid collisions of the kind ; hut in the present instance the men in their own interests had to take the stand tbey had done. He thought it probable that Messrs. Martin and Co. before long would find out that their action was injudicious. The weakest party would, of course, have to go to the wall, but he believed that the working men were strong enough to stand out for a long time, and he had no fear if they stood out but that the issue would be favourable to themselves. (Hear, hear.) He looked upon the action of Martin & Co. as injudicious because as yet they had offered no reasonable solution of the difficulty. Their only desire had been to break throngh the eight hours system. The working men. had already made concessions to them, and he knew that there were maDy who thought that the Gawler Committee had made too many concessions. The men had worked down to the bone of the matter, and therefore Martin & Co. could not expect any further concessions from them. His opinion was that if the working men had taken universal action to prevent the injudicions stream of immigration to the colony Martiu and Co. would not have taken the action they had done. (Loud applause.) He was glad to notice that the Governmeut had opened their eyes to the fact that this overflow of im migrants was acting to the injury of the work ing classes. It was satisfactory to the men to know that they had abundant sympathy throughout the colony, arid he felt sure if other employers followed Martin & Co.'s action there would still be sufficient practical sympathy shown to the men to meet the emergency. (Hear, bear.) The working men of South Aus tralia had recently assisted the workmen of other colonies; and he was sure that if the men here wanted any assistance in return all they bad to do was to send a telegram to that effect and it would be given freely. (Hear, hear ) The eight-hours system had worked very well up to the present time. It seemed quite incon sistent to say that it had not done so. The colony was never in a more prosperous condi tion than it had been since the system came into operation, and masters and men had never worked so amicably together before. It had been said that men were coming to the colony who would willingly work nine hours, but he questioned whether any of them would be louud to do so, much less the majority of them. (Hear, hear.) He had found that the new chums were the readiest to stick out for the rights of labour. (Hear, hear.) Immigrants with whom he had conversed had told him that they had been induced to come to the colony through the circulation of glittering statements as to the easiness with which money could be made here; they were almost told, in fact, that they could make fortunes without working for them. (Laughter.) They said they could do better at home. He advocated the stopping of the overtime system, which was injurious to the working men. There were times when it was essentially necessary that the men should work overtime, hut, as a system, they should not en courage it. He thought it unfair for Messrs. Martin & Co. to go to the men and say because they had lost through specula' tions the men should suffer in consequence. It was said—mid unfortunately it was only too true—that men were in the habit of working at hone after they Irft their masters' employ. He bad beard of men who had taken contracts to tbe injury of tbeir employers. This was not right and, should., bo. Avoided. Then the men would obtain the sympathies of their employers and they would uphold the. system they so dearly loved and so tenaciously bnng to. (Ap plause.) To make a retrograde movement upon a question of this kind was against all reason, and be did not think employers wonld expect them to do so. Let them rather give to their children a bettor state of things than they bad found. (Applause.). It had. even been admitted by Messrs. Martin & Go. that eight hours' work per day was sufficient to supply the wants of the colony. It so let them stick to it. He felt proud of the way the men on strike had conducted themselves, and he hoped that the working men of the colony would go into the matter in a thorough way, so that on this occasion they would end this great struggle. (Applause). He moved the resolu tion. " Mr. H. Fearer, M.P., rose to Becond the re solution amid loud applause. He did bo because he believed that the eight-hours system was a good system and had done an infinite amount of. good to tbe working man, to the employer, and to the general public. (Gheers.) .He could not follow the last speaker in all his details, as the last speaker spoke as a working man, but he spoke as a man of Parliament; bnt there was no person to whom he would give way In the sympathy which he entertained for - the system. (Cheers.) There were many false impressions about the old system and the new, and he thought it well that he should say some thing about them. Some years ago be was oas of those who met for the purpose of shortening the hours of labour and r&isiDg; the rate of wages. Under the system that then obtained a man who lived two miles from his work had to rise at half-past 5 o'clock, and did not get home again till 7 o'clock at night, being barely time to get into the bosom of his family and glance at the Express or the Journal before he had to go to bed. (Cheers.) That system obtained for eight months of the year, and during four winter months the system was the same as at present; bat the employers, he noticed, paid the same wages for the forty-eight hours per week that they did for the fifty- three and a half hours. The concession from the longer hours to the present was not a great one, and not nearly what many people thought it, as it just amounted to half an hour and seven minutes per day, or three hours aud forty minutes per week. (Cheers.) And he maintained that the man who worked eight hours per day all the week had done as much as God ever intended him to do. (Loud cheers.) While he did not wish to refer to the Gawler employers at all, he thought every one who looked into the matter would see that the system conferred great benefits ou the community, and was a very small concession on the old system. Its effect was not so much to shorten the hours of labour as to rearrange them in such a way that the man who before was all his time engaged had every evening to himself to improve his mind or attend to the education of his family. In this matter he considered that he had a perfect right to speak from both points of view, because he was there both as a member of Parlia ment and as an employer of labour. He would say, then, that a great number of working man did not work forty-eight hours per week for tbeir employers, and he thought it was the duty of every man under the system to do that except in case of emergency, when he would be prevented. (Cheers.) He knew that a great many of the working men were careless in this respect, and that many of his men had not worked six months in the year for some years. (Cheers.) Fair play was bonnie play, and many persons had to pay large rents for places of business, and had only a certain number of anvils and other things for the men to use, and when these were idle the eaip oj-er lost by it. (Cheers.) It was a man's <lmy to supply himself with fair working tools, to keep himself sober—while he would not deny him his occasional pint of beer—to feed himself well, to clothe himself decently, aud to work for his employer for forty-eight hours in the week, and when he had done that he could go to him on Saturday night and fairly demand his wages. (Applause.) Then if he might be allowed to give them a hint, he would suggest that the best means of spending their evenings was not to go to the Parade Ground to carry about a rifle, because those who had eight hours' work had plenty of muscular exertion for one day —(Cheers.)—but the best recreation a man could have who worked hard during the day was in a book or a game of drafts, or some other such game in a well-organized Club. And it was quite possible for the working men to have such Clubs. (Cheers.) There were plenty of philan thropists about to help them, and the Govern ment of the country, he was sure, would be only too glad to meet them half-way if there appeared to be a movement for their establish ment. He looked upon this strike at Gawler as a great joke, for surely no one expected that they would get back to things as they were. He had pointed out what all the difference was between the hours of the new and the old systems ; and was it to be supposed that the people of South Australia would not sympathize with the working men in retaining the conces sion which had been of such a benefit to wives and fellow-workmen and neighbours and to the whole community ? (Cheers.) The enemies of the eight-hours system, whoever they might be, might as well arm themselves with picks and shovels and endeavour to shift Mount Lofty into St. Vincent's Gulf as to think of overturning the eight-hours system. (Loud applause.) He would wind up his speech with a few lines from one of the poets, who said:— Stand up erect, thou hast the form And likeness of thy God. "What more ? A soul as dauntless 'mid the storm Of daily life, a heart as warm And pure as breast e'er wore. What then ? Thou art as true a mau As moves the human mass among— As much & part of that great plan That at Creation's dawn began As any of the throng. Who is thine enemy ? The high In station or in wealth, the chief, The great, who coldly pass thee by With proud steps and averted eye :J Nay, nurse not such belief. If true unto thyself thou wast What were the rich one's scorn to thee ? A featht r which thou mightest cast Aside as lightly as the blast The light leaf from the tree. No! Uncurbed passions, low desires, Absence of noble self-respect, Death in the breath's consuming fires To that high nature which aspires For ever till thus checked. Tbese are thine enemies—thy worst. They chain thee to thy lowly lot, Thy labour and thy life accurst. Oh ! stand erect, and from them burst, And longer suffer not. True wealth thou hast not—'tis but dust, Thy place uncertain as the wind; But that thou hast which, with thy crust And water, may despise the best Of both—a noble mind. This and thy passions under ban, True faith and holy trust in God, Tbou art the peer of any man! Look up, then, that thy little span Of life may be well trod. (Loud applause.) Councillor King stated that he warmly sym pathized with the movement. Some years ago he had spoken at the inauguration of the eight hours movement; and at that time, which' was favourable for the men obtaining the concession, they could be very little blamed for doing their best to obtain it. It was a very ill-judged and most inopportune time for Messrs. Martin & Oo. to attempt to do something which, to Mb mind; was not at all clear: at any rate it was apparently an attempt to upset the eight hours movement. If they attempted to upset the eight-hours movement it was a piece of presumption on the part of a small firm— (cheers)—a movement which has done so much good to the colony. Ue had been an employer of as much labour as Messrs. Martin & Co. (Ap plause.) He had paid hundreds and thousands in wages, and though at times he had been dissatisfied with many of his men, he dare not brand the whole working community on account of tbese few men. He failed to see what good their action could do, or what they expected to gain from it. It had been said a large credit had been given, and tbat large proceeds from the sale of those machines had not come in; but, as it had been put tbat night, it was most unfair to let this fall on the working men. (Hear, hear, and ap plause.) He himself had had losses to contend with, hut he never dared to put them on Ms workmen. (Cheers.) Any man who knew what work was must admit that eight hours per day was quite long enough. (Cheers.) Nothing pleased Mm better than to have about him an honest, intelligent, industrious set of meu— (Hear, hear)—and nothing annoyed him more than to see men waste their time. With men of the latter stamp his mode of dealing was first to remonstrate with them, and if after a time he failed to convince them of their mis conduct he discharged them—(Hear, hear)— and this was the proper course for any em jIo.m to adopt. (Applause.) There was one did not think it Ato^bflTOfeailf that there was not fco much work 'dtmepro* port>onatelyJupder ]lb« TsjjjBbt-hours sys tem-ns there was under the "old syste'iru (A*Vbifce—" "He's a liar!" Great laughter, folk>W6d;t>y some interruption, proceeding from the body of the half.) a In many instanceretnplbjera had too much" cause to' complain inthis respect, when they had a little hatch ofmea here and a., little batch there, someon the leaf and some akulking behind the timber, and in-this manner robbing their masterarJto their own disgrace. He would say where such men were fonnd they shonld be immediately discharged. (Hear, hear; and cheets.) But in^ this dispute with Messrs. Martin & Co. it did not apply. He would say for himself that whenever he could remain with his men in the yard or about buildir gs on which they were engaged he did-so, and he never had cause to complain of them; and go with a firm, when one or more of the partners were constantly about the establishment there should not be any cause for complaint against tne men. If any such cause did exist he could' nbt understand what interest the employers could take in their bpBiness when they did not come forward and see it rectified. (Hear, hear, and applause.) It was neither manly nor right to seek to lengthen the hours' of labour in the manner this firm was doing. And it most not he lost sight of that it was not - that .plucky little town of Gawler which was j alone concerned in this stoppage. (Cheers.)' It was not a question which affected the Gawler men only, but it' was a question which affected the interests of the colony itself. (Renewed cheers.) As to what had been said with regard to immigration, he would say we wanted more of it, and it was a mistake to think otherwise. He knew for himself that he would have been able to take more work this month if he could only. have got more men. This affair would go home, and it might have a prejudicial effect on the minds of intending emigrants and affect the very life's blood of the country. Working men came here to improve their condition, and if the men here yielded to any attempt to infringe on their rights in this matter they would lose the advantages they had hitherto enjoyed by coming here and prevent others from coming. He was speaking ; for himself that night, but he believed he was only giving expression to the views of the majority of the employers in the colony. ; (Cheers.) He did not believe and he had not heard any expression favourable to the em* j ployers in this case. (Loud cheers.) He should i like to offer if possible some suggestion that might bring about au amicable arrangement — (Hear, hear)—and he would say as to the question of overtime that the principle was right to set their faces against working over* time, but there were circumstances under which they shonld not Bet themselves against the interests of their employers in refusing to work for an hour or so overtime. (Hear, hear.) The question had now come to tbw, that Martin and Co. wished to pay by the ham, and he did not see any objection to that, but they should not be compelled to work for any length of time on these terms simply to please their employers. (Hear, hear, and applause.) If any further difficulty was encountered in arranging a settle ment he believed there would be little trouble in getting the House of Assembly to legalize, the eight-hours system. (Great cheering.) He thought there was very little necessity for him to say another word, but he would say this: that he did think those men at Gawler Town shonld be supported in a proper manner. (Applause.) He did not wish to say anything be did not believe, for it was a serious thing to see men going about out of employ. He would urge the men not to go on the intimidation tack, for he thought, as Mr. Fraser had put it, that they had not a ghost of a chance of losing their position. (Applause.) He firmly believed the matter would be brought to a satisfactory conclusion, and meanwhile be felt sure there would be nothing found wanting on the part of employers assisting their c -use in a tangible manner. (Prolonged cheering, aud cries of " Bravo, King.") Mr. Matheb. one of the Gawler men on strike, supported the resolution. He said he was very proud to hear the remarks which had fallen from the speakers that evening, for they showed they entertained a strong sympathy for them in this struggle. It affected every working man, not only in Modern Athene, but throughout the colony—(Hear, hear)—for if the Gawler men had not taken the stand they had done the consequences might have been felt everywhere. Ever since the eight-hours system had come into force they had advanced in education and bettered themselves socially. They had been better able to look after the interests of their families, and to study and read the papers and watch the doings of Parliament; and on this he wonld say they should remember that they were the law-makers, and remembering this they should not look too much to the Parliament to protect their interests, bat bestir themselves and see that their representatives truly represented them. (Hear, hear.) As to coercion, he did not think the Gawler men could be justly charged with using it towards the men who had gone there. They had dealt with them in a manly, straightforward way, and the Committee as a whole had pat their foot on anything like in timidation. (Hear, hear.) Their anxiety was to show every one that they were contending for a cause which they believed was a right one, and for which they had in the past fought long and severely. This action on the part of Messrs. Martin & Co. was to do away with the eight hours system, and it behoved every working man in the colony to stand by their Gawler brethren. They were determined to fight it out to the end—it was a cause which lay near and dear to their hearts—and in doing this they were not selfish, hut were really studying the interests of every working man in the colony. So long as they fonnd for them at Gawler the powder and shot they wonld fight it out to the end. (Hear, hear.) They must be determined and yet care ful how they acted, for"the eyes of the {public were on them, and there were hostile writers to the Press who were ready to bring disrepute on them. He then proceeded to detail the interview which a deputation representing the men had had with Messrs. Martin & Co. respecting a proposal made by the firm for working by the hour. They endeavoured to ascertain from the firm definitely what their proposition was, but they received no tangible statement on which they could a<. t. It appeared that they wanted to do away with the eight-hours sjstem altogether, but tbey would not succeed, supported as the men were both at Adelaide and the Port. He hoped that some philanthropist would come forward and solve the difficulty in some way. A Committee in Adelaide had taken up the matter and were using their in fluence to bring the vexed matter to an issue. He had every confidence in those gentlemen and believed they would succeed. He also thought that that meeting would have some weight on the employers at Gawler, and would result in an amicable settlement. (Applause.) The resolution was then put and carried unanimously amidst great cheering. Mr. Paxiibb, Secretary of the Labour League, moved the second resolution as follows: That this meeting, approving of the manly action and the steady determination of the men on strike in Gawler to maintain the eight-hoars system, pledges itself to continue the support well merited by them." He said that, from enquiries he had made, he believed the men ot Gawler bad been acting in a manly, sober, and thought ful manner with an honest endeavour to bring the strike to a close. It had been stated by some writers in the Press that the eight-hours system was an evil to the working classes. _ It was stated that it was the means of driving men to drunkenness and debauchery. These statements were undoubtedly - false. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that they would all agree with him that the system had been the means of elevating the men to a high degree. He thought that men who worked after they left tbeir masters' shops ought to be ashamed of themselves. If the leagues and employers were to make the names of these men known he felt sure that they would soon be put down. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. Quin, M.P., who was received with cheers on rising to second the resolution, said that he was proud to be present at the meeting, and he was also proud to see such a large assemblage of working men. He fully believed that Martin & Co.'s men had taken a just and proper stand. He took a sincere interest in the matter, and be would do all be could to assist the men in their troubles and tribnlations. He also wished to express his sympathy with Mr. Summerton in the position in which he had been placed, especially after the personal letter from Mr. Martin which had been published in the papers. Mr. Snmmerton was doing nothing but his duty to his class, and he believed that he would be honoured by every working man in the colony. The men had shown every desire to avert the strike. They agreed to a reduction of wages last year, and were willing to submit to a furtherre duction this year, but they insisted on the main tenance of the eight-hours system. The working men of the colony would he wanting in their duty if they did not do their utmost to support the men for the strong and firm stand they had taken. They would remember that a state ment had appeared in the daily papers to the effect that tie Government intended to prevent -j^pa^^Vnen lte aaw'^^^jfognrf^ntheitoolr. *mn himself to srijieaqtbeCsm vis-do uerof Public ^<rf^wini«teyio«|Sl®e»4d a strong claim ontb»^e9nm)t,^HMm been oi^o^theirj^ti supporters lastcseseion Parliament,. and. alBO^berause be represented a district in which there7 ware a large number cf labouring men. - Heibought i t his dirtyto aacertaia; tlg> truth of thejiqaestion,;.. jras; h>ppy, $?2f}y that tbe Government had, taken a mwdy'parf in tbe znatter, as he bad* received a reply to the effect that no euch afction/as^that mentioned bad been or would , be taken." (Cheers!) . He. trusted tbat the men on strike would stand firm, and that, fel low- workmen wohld assist tbem monetarily. (ApplaUse.) A vast'tanount of intelligence was being spread' respecting tbe question of capital and labour, and Ms opinion was tbat it was unreasonable to think that men - were going to submit to drudgery from morning to night for tb6 sole benefit of tbe employers. The largest employers of labonr were men who had sprang from the ranks, an3 it was disgraceful for any-'"of - them- to assist Martin & Co. by advice or in any other way (Hear, bear.) There was no doubt but t:iat in what were calledjfashionable circles tbe working classes were sneered at 'somewhat, bat for the last few days he had been mixed up with men of intellect who had studied the question, and he bad been, pleased to hear them say that labour ; had ^ not -.yet-- taken its , proper position an the world. (Applause.) Those who sneered at the "man who worked his-' eight hours a day had better try it themselves, and they would, soon think eight hours' enough for a day's work. From his experience of the new and the old system he could say that he had made more money as an employer of labonr under the eight-hours system than he had under the old system. Mr. Martin pleaded loss from his machinery being stopped; bat if he wished to have the machinery worked con stantly he conld do so, as the mines were worked by relays of men. (Cheers.) He fully sym pathized with the movement, and would do ail tbat be could to assist those who were in it. Mr. E. H. Dereington said he was present at the request of the representatives of three hun dred working men of Port Adelaide, who had sympathized practically with the men on strike at Gawler. The working men of Port Adelaide looked' upon tbe eight-hours system as a good one, and were determined to do all in their power to retain it intact- It was asked how this meeting would affect the settlement of the difficulty. He had heard refe rence made to men who worked in the evenings some up till 12 o'clock, when they would not give their employer more than eight hours This he thought most unfair. But Buchmen when found out had been dismissed; and if this were sustained by the men it would have a good result. Loyalty to each other and to the sys tem and their employers should be a most important principle with them. He thought it woald be well that an Eight Hours' League should be established, with branches throughout the colony, so as to keep np the movement. (Cheers.) He had been urged to touch upon a question that Mr. Quin's l:tter had raised, and he had had from men of position here a very different tale; but he thought it better not to touch upon the subject now. Some had said that the working men wasted their time in vicious amusements, but it was unfair to brand all working men with such a charge because some might be guilty. There was no time in the history of the colony when more working men had their own freeholds than the present, and the faces of those who were in the meeting were the bestanBWer to such charges. (Applause.) Mr. A. Gratngeb said the last speaker had overlooked the fact that there was a League in Adelaide, that had worked hard; and pointed out that Government servants, who worked only sis hours ~a day, and objected to the labourer earning money by working in the evenings, made up bookB aud wrote for . the Press them selves in their off hours In the present j nocture, when people were walking about unable to get anything to do, he warned the working man against working overtime, and thus t iking half a loaf out of the mouths of their fellows. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously, three cheers beinggiven. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for his conduct in the chair brought the meeting to a clo3e. 