A IrITCi SOMEWVHERE. A young artist of this city, who. was " fLavourably mentioned" at the last art exhibition, read with much gratification the clever little story that has been go ing the rounds of the newspapers of late regarding another fimous painter ,Landseer. It seems that a few years before the latter'sk death he went to London bank to have a cheque cashed. Thi toller requirel .,the.,greayt animal painter to identify himself before the money could be paid. As thae,artist knew no one in that part of London, the situation was an annoying one., Sud denly an idea occurred to him. " You have seen -engravings . of Landseer's worksl" he inquired. "Why, of course," replied the teller: 'I have his ' Three Friends' in my own parlour." L.uand seer seized a bit of blotting-paper ?nd a pencil, and with a few, hurried lines re produced thefanious trioofhborse leads. Without another word the money was paid over. , ...l Our native painter, whom ?woj shall call Daulney, as that is not;his.,name, was yery much struck by this anecdote and so the next ,lay he thonglt he would ascert:,in if true genius obtained, the same instant recognition in this country as in the old. Arming himself wvith a check on, the Nevada Bank "for' one thousand dollars, he proceeded to :that replied the teller. " Have you ever been through the rooms of the Art Associationli":, 'f Certainly." ".Very well, then," replied D draiw ing off his gloves like it Czir of Russia after Pleivna, just hand mhiqa bitobfblot ting-papler and a pencil." nTh few mo ments he handed the paper, bac.k o the teller. There, sir : do you see'th?st 1 h "Yesil do. .:Vhat ofitl" W \hliat does it renilnd yon of I' and the landscape mantsmilcrl affablyjupon the crowd of clerks that hiedby-this time collected. "It looks like a section, f: hair nmattress," said the bank official, I" " Blood an ochre, man I that ' a "ough copy: of' Petlu ma .Foothills,?, 'ad my .name is-Daubney.": . i ' Don't caso if its. J?da Iscariot; you haven't any money, mn this lk." "Why, did- did-L-1-ads ; er have ,ny:in that bankl' gasped the astuoSsnded 'young man. -; " What are you giv i . 1' growled the teller. "Do you know 'e?e ajbmind to hand you over to the pheli, .t "I guess the poor devil osly q little crazy," said the : kind-hearted boo keeper, looking up from .h is leger. " Better just hauve the porter firb him out." When Daubuey reached the sidewalk and got his coat collar smoothed straight again, he came to the conclusion that either msthetic art hadn't the ghost of a show in this community, or else there was something in that Laudseer story that he hadn't quite got the lha g of after all. For continuation of reading inmatter .. .....Pe fourth page. 