ATHENiTCUM CONCERT. Tho third of tho series of ' shilling con certs' now being given at tho Athenamm was hold on Wednesday evening last, and was well attended, The piogrannne was, as usual, well got up, and several ladies and gentlemen took part whose ability, though well known and recognised in private circles, was hitherto unknown to a Hav audience. Their reception was warm, even enthusiastic, and we hope wo may often hear them at tli-- Athcntoum concerts. Respecting our old friends, Messrs Abbott and Markham, tiiey are hosts in themselves — ?' May their shadows never grow less.' This concert was an improvement on the preceding ones, in se veral respects, the other two having been ar ranged rather hastily. During the interval, Mr A, P. Stewart stated that, hitherto it had been necessary for for the sub-committee aonointed to superin tend the arrangement of these concerts, to go round and ask certain persons who, they thought, would bo willing to sing or play or otherwise take a part in tho programme. They could all see now, however, tho sort of entertainments they were, and volunteers were wanted, to come forward and help them. There must be a large number of ladies and gentlemen in Hay, who aro able and, it was to be hoped, willing, to assist at the Athe namm concerts, and with whom the snbcom mitteo were not 'personally acquainted ; it must not be supposed, therefore, that, if they had not becndirectiy asked to sing or to play that any slight was intended, ihe subcom raittee would he only too happy to hear from anyone who would be willing to assist, and he now invited their co- operation and assistance. The concert was commenced with a duett for the piano (Mr Abbott) and cornet (Mr Blight). This was a capital performance, I and brought out. the qualities of the piano, which was kindly lent for tho occasion by Mr I Connebee. Wo omitted to mention in for mer notices, that the piano hitherto used at these concerts was kindly lent by Mr Blewett. Mr T. Riley's song, ' Never More,' was the next item, and was so well received that ho was lecalled, and ho re peated the last verso. L'or ' Tliy Voice is near, accompanied by ALr itiley, Air Jiurt was also called back, and sang the last verse again. This did not appear to satisfy the audience, but he did not reappear, probably owingto tbe lateliourat which theconcert com- menced. Miss Trevena, who k an established favourite, won hearty applause by her ren dering of ' O Sing, Sing On,' aud in reply to calls of encore , repeated a portion , of the song. Mr and .Miss Meakes were welcomed in tho most encouraging manner and were rapturously applauded for their duett ' List to the Convent Bolls,' which was ? very nicely sung. In response to the demands of the audience they returned and sang' Home to our Mount ams' which was also well liked,1 A ' grand, vocal faninshipathetiqiie,' ^ entitled ''Tis hard to love,' was: Mr MarkhamY. se- ; lection fortliis occasion. 1-Iis itnake-up.was ludicrous in tho extreme, and his/never ceas-. : ing mirth-provoking by-play addod greatly to -: the general effect. Twice lie was ' recalled/' ? the audicno refusin;; to take an ..apology ;or:; v his most graceful bow for an answer,- and ^he; sang ' Con-stan-ti-no-ple' and the j-Th roe. . Obadiahs,' with his usual success. u It:wouhl/ '? bo remiss in us not to mention -,that:?,Mr;* Abbott's accompaniments to. these.' songs,':' ?: especially the first, which is extremely ; dilli:-. - cult, contributed in a largo measure to^tbei« * success as musical efforts. The; Deathsof Nelson' by Mr Isaacs, who;..'acconip'.inieds himself, was one of his best eft'ortssm^ihat place, and was loudly applauded: .;;«iii-..e-un-5 ; pliance with a very decided recall, ' ho 'sang' : 'My Sister Dear,' a swret.littlo song, which : formed a contrast in style..' to.shis uprecediiig song. Mr Menkes then: gave ? ' The . Arab's Farewell to his Steed,' - 'in, which ; h is ? tenor voice was recognised as in valuable addition to the tenor voices known in tho musical world at Hay. After an interval Mr Riley opened the se cond part by playing on the pianoforte a short but brilliant lit. tie ; piece, the ' Beatrice Galop.' 'Tho Haunted House' was-the afterpiece, in which Messrs Markham and Abbott and the ' Ghost,' kept the marked attention of tho audience for about half an hour. Some ?of the audience ??laughed until they cried,' and we are sure some had aching sides. This crowning effort brought the entertainment to a conclusion, and sent the audience away in a good humour. . It is proposed to have the next concert on Wednesday week, April 2, so that volunteers should begin rehearsal at once. 