0tf0ittftl $*U. THE ADVENTURES OF BAR NEY McEASY. RELATED BT HlHSKLF. (Continued from our last.) Chapter IV. \- I had a good night's sleep, and woVe up refreshed intirely. I got up and dressed meself feeling quite strong be yond me expectations, thanks to dear Maggie's beef tay and other good things, with which she freely supplied me. (Sure and I'm beginning to have a great affection for Maggie. What a pity a man can't have two wives at wanst in this country. Fm quite sure she has s great notion of me. Faith and I wish I was a Mormon. But I must lave off thinking of impossibilities and go on with me story.) Well, as soon as I got on me brogues I went to the kitchen to get me break fast; and when I opened the door Maggie was poking the fire; me entrance was so sudden that -she dropped the poker in a fright. ' Eh, mon, ye gave me an unco start ; I didna expect ye oot yet. Losh, mon, here comes the missus. No J she's going yer quarters.' * Well, the old hag '11 be taken in this time.' Finding me bedroom empty she came tearing orer to the kitchen, pmSng and blowing like a steam engine, and looking awral vexed. - * Is that great Bot^of a coachman here/ says she. ...--:' * I'm here?at yer service, long life to ye,' aaya I. * Fm enjoying me break fast, yer ladyship.' * Blind and be quick and harness the horses without delay. I going out to-day.' 4 To be sure,' says I, * when TVe ate me breakfast. A dhrive oat will do me a power of good after me late illness, which Fm indebted 4o yer ladyship for. Sure I'm not going to be ateing in the carriage to-day.' * You'd better not,' says she, * or you will incur my displeasure again; and you ought to know by this time what it is to annoy and vex me.' * To be sure Pdo, yer ladyship. The devil; a fear of me making the same blunder again ; though for the matther ^ of that I really think yer ladyship would not be half pleased unless ye were be laboring me without a raisonable cause/ ^She was turning mighty red and ready to burst wid passion, when I ran off as quick as I could to escape the coming storm ; but as I couldn't escape without passing her, I made a rush into Maggie's bedroom, with the intention of bolting through the windy if she followed me. I saw that it would be trouble some to unfasten, so I crept under the bed. She was for coming into the bed room, but my friend and protector pre vented her. I could hear her abusing me awfully, but I didn't care a whit, being out of danger. She soon decamped, and I crept slowly out. I now finished me breakfast, and gave the horses a hasty scratch with the gridiron (I for get what Maggie called it), and in I put them into the ugly lumbering old coach. I began to hate the very sight of the old box ; for wasn't it the scene of all me misfortune ? I'd just got the horses in, when down came her ladyship like a house afire, with a big ugly stick in one hand «nd the whip in the other. She looked for all the world like our old achuie-master, Sandy McGruire, when he was in a towering rage, and about to thrash one of the boys for playing the tally. *Now,' gays she, 'are you coming, you bow-legged baboon ? I hope you've kept me long enough.' 4 Fm ready at wanst,* says I, rubbing me hands with pleasuse. *Do you call these horses groomed, you ape 7 4 Sure and I do,' says I ; ? for I'd no time to clane them properly.' Whiz went me stick, and off went one of m« livery coat-tails. * Arrah, me jewel, a narrow escape. Be jabers ye'd do to practice at Donny brook fair; only: ye're hardly cool enough to bit the mark.' ' Bring that atick to me,' says she. 4 With the greatest of pleasure, yer ladyship, if ye'il not take advantage of me defenceless state to murther me intirely.' 4 Mount that box without any more palaver.' * To be sure I will. But surely yer ladyship won't let me go without me coat-tail ; its only twenty yards off.' ' Never mind your coat-tail ; you are just as well without it, you misshapen ugly hound. Mount that box or you'll rue it' 4 In a jiffyV says I ; and up I flew just in time to escape a blow from the un merciful bludgeon. * Fix on the ropes, and drive where I direct you.* ~ 4 1 will/ says I ; and off we started full, tilt, the long-legged nag taking the lead. We soon came to a branch road. A vigorous pull of the right cord in . formed me that I was to turn to the 'right. After we'd gone about three miles we «ame to another road, and to me great Wrprise I received no. pull which meant I was to go straight on ; and when we'd gone about four miles further on we came to a gate, which was opened by a ragged spalpeen of a boy. 4 Can .ye drive right through this gate F says the boy, grinning all the face over. 4 If ye do ye'll desarve a prize, for never a coachman druv that old ship through it afore without running her ashore.' 4 It looks narrow, but I'll thry. Get out of the way, or I may rin over ye.' I touched the long-legged horse. A spring forward ; a crash, crash, bump, bump, and we were firmly anchored. I cast a glance behind to see where her ladyship was. Och, be jabers, she was turned topsy-turvy. 4 Can f be of any service to ye in yer unpleasant position ?' says I. 4 No,' says she, struggling to get up ; * Dont come near me/ ? 4 On no account,' says I. * If ye can help yerself, so much the better ; I was only asking out of politeness.' As soon as she righted herself I re caved a sudden jerk of the neck, and was nearly pulled over. I made a quick grab at the rope as it began to squaze me neck. . 4 How dare you touch that cord, sir ?' 4 Sure and ye'll explain this time. I'm not going to suffer for nothing this time. Ye must have known the gate was too narrow for the coach. Sure I tried to make an entrance ; if there. had been an inch of room I could have shot through/ The spalpeen of a boy was cracking his sides with fun and laughter, which by no means helped to appease her anger. She was by this time quivering and sputtering with rage, ready to fly on me like bull-dog. 4 Ye'll have to shift both wheels and the axle afore ye'll get through this gate,' yelled a chorus ef voices. 4 That's a house on wheels, Jack,1 shouted a boy sitting on a post near. 4 Have ye got the king inside,' shouted several at a breath — a great mob had collected round. 4 1 say, Bob, what's here ?* shouted a fresh arrival. 4 Gad, it's a bathing machine.' 4 No; it's the king's royal carriage,' replied the first ; * I don'* see him inside though, Jim ; to you r' 4 No. I guess Wi got concussion of the brain enough to kill a lion. O crickey, it was a crash ; I thought it was a boiler bust/ Be jabers, they were making such a noise ; it was like a hundred divils let looae. 4 Arrah, will yes be quiet and hould yer tongues, ye blackguards ?' It was no use spoking; I couldn't hear meself. I got down quick and began measuring the gate and carriage. The boy was right : sure the gate was two feet narrower th*n the coach. One of the boys made a most awful yell — 4 The Queen 1 the Queen 1 I seed her jest now.' An awful hurrah now rent the air. I was standing near the long-legged horse, when me hat was suddenly knocked off. Her ladyship had shied the awful stick at me head, but luckily she aimed too high — sure she must have mistook me hat for me head. There was silence amongst the ragamuffins all at waust, and when I turned to look for me. hat I saw what had caused the silence — one poor devil had got the blow intended for me right on the head. He was lying at full length like a dead soldier, and I went up to him to see what was the matter. 4 Wake up, me hinney,' says I ; * if ye re dead epace. ucn, mariner, ye ve received an awful cut, me darlint, that was intended for meself, thanks to a bad aim. Ah, welt, if yez don't come round ye'll be better off — all yer troubles ended at wanst/ Me melancholy thoughts were broken by hearing a great noise; and I was much amused at seeing one of the crowd of urchins running off with her ladyship's club stick, and shonting out that he'd got the queen's staff that killed Tom Tiffy. Whereupon the crowd all ran to see the deadly weapon. The noise having abated, I was able to hear the boisterous tongue of her ladyship — 4 What's all that uproar ? Why did you not prevent k by laying your whip over the rabble T says «he. . 4 Sure and- it's only a mighty crowd of boys saluting yer majesty/ 1 replied ; 4 they mistook ye for the Queen, and was giving ye a royal salute ; but I'm sorry to inform ye that ye've returned the compliment ill-naturediy : I belave ye've killed one of the boys. The stick ye threw, afther smasbiug me hat, lodged in the head of the poor boy ; there he lies/ said I, pointing as I spoke to the prostrate object. * He's spaehless and kilt intirely. O hone, what'll ye do now? ?You stupid owl, throw a .bucket of water over, the fellow/ says ehe. 1 Och, sure I never thought of that ; it may bring life into him. But sure there's no wather hereabouts/ I said. 4 1 wish I'd killed the whole lot of them. I'll try if there's any life in him/ say she, and marched over to him, whip in hand, and commenced Lashing away at the prostrate form. I was ordered to get out «f the way as useless, and to get the carriage ready for a start.- I had an awful job to get the old box out with the assistance of the nags, but I succeeded beyond me ex pectations. She soon returned, red with exertion ; but she had failed to restore life by the whip, and was, no doubt, auxiuus to get away. 4 I'll . punish you as you deserve for this, you blundering ass.' 4 1 hope not/ said I ; * ye must hear me explanation. Do ye think it would be at all rasonable to expect me to drive through a gate Ha&ts; too narrow for yer coach r* 4 You are on ibe wrong road/ says she. : 4 Why didn't ye direct me as ye pro mised r* 4 You should have known the road/ 4Hw could I know a road I was never on before ? Didn't I obey your orders intirely ? 4 Hold your tongue, you great hog ; you are only adding to your promised punishment.* 4 Och, but ye're not going to illtrate me for yer own pleasure/ 4 You . insolent dog, do you mean to contradict me ?' and she raised the whip to strike me. Be the powers, bhe had an awful look. I eaught the whip as it was descending. 4 Hould/ said 1, 4 I've an awful serious tale to tell ye, and I may as veil begin at wanst ; it's a fine opportunity.' 4 Go on/ she replied, hoarsely. 4 Well, says 1, drawing meself up to me full height, conscious that I had gained an important point o* vantage, 4 1 saw the ghost of yer dead husband last night, and he told me an awful tale of how ye murthered him intirely — how ye jumped on his stomach with yer knees, and smothered him with a pillow/ At this she turned as white as a sheet, and I thought she was going to faint. I assisted her into the carriage; but she never spoke. I had conquered for wanst. She never troubled me on me journey home ; and I didn't lose me road, because I noted it particularly in going. Hav ing arrived home without any accident, she axed me to tell Maggie to assist her out. When I told her her ladyship wanted her assistance at the carriage, 4 Guid save us, mon/ says she, * what haa lintinp.nm] nnn ?' 4 Och,' 'ays I, laughing, *lhe first part of the ghost story has taken effect. Sure and I think the schame's going to answer fine.' (To be concluded in our next.) Onk of the most fetal temptations to the weak is a slight dentation from tbe truth, for the sake of apparent good. It ia dangerous for one to climb his family tree too nigh, for he is very apt to get among dead and decayed breaches, 