BALLARAT PUBLIC LIBRARY. A meeting of the committee was held on Tuesday evening. Present—Messrs Bofi Qireiiident), ":Knnt, Lakeland, Ham, and Phillips. -Oooemsndence was read from the Government astronomer, forwarding the results of observations in meteorology and terrestr magnestism for 1878. Beoeived with thanks.—Frdhi the editor of"" Victoria in 1880,* sending specimens of Illustrations -of the "work, and atking to nave the library placed on the list oiLUbsctibers; and from M 6\. Mullen, stating that, the firstpart of Bingston's Branches from tbe ..mail route" would shortly issued. Beferred to the book committee. From the Town Council, drawing attention to the l*%e accoun for gas. It was resolved to inform the council that' this arose from the exhibition held in the new hall, and that in future strict eoonomy would be observed -From L Jonas, banding- in a cheque for £2 2s, and inviting the" oommitto and their friends to a performance in the new hall on Thursday night at eight o'clock, prior to bis departure to star it in thejprovinees with his wonderful ghost performances- It was resolved to .acoept Mr Jonas' donation with thanks, and to request the committee and {friends to see the wonders that may be. It was decided that the report of the book, committee ordering the removal and replacingof worn-out books be carried into effect. The question of tenders for periodicals for 1880 was referred -to tbe book oommlttee, to be dealt with by them. The building oommittee's reportin reference to. the new ball was postponed for consideration until next meeting. Mr Robertson having sent m donation of two guineas, and his resignation as a member of com mittee, it was unanimously resolved to request him t withdraw -his resignation, as his retirement would be a grsat loss to lbs institution, to .which he. bad o many occasions rendered very valuable servioes. and that cheerfully. His handsome donation was accepted with a cordial expression ef thanks. The president reported the sucoess of the exhibition, irhfeh.brought crowds to the establishment, who had not previously seen It Tbe report was received, and Its consideration deferred tillnext meeting, as it contained many useful suggestions. , . 