Rockhampton. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDEÎNT.] June 10. At the meeting of the Committee of the Port Curtis Hospital, on Thursday last, Dr. R. H. Paterson was appointed to the position of surgeon and secretary. In Dr. Paterson the committee have secured the services of a gentleman of very high attainments and qualifications. The funds of the Benevolent Society are exhausted. At the last meeting it was found there was only £11 1s. 2d. to pay accounts for the previous month of nearly £50. This is a state of things the lady president, Mrs. R M. Hunter, said had occurred only once before, and it caused amongst the ladies considerable trepidation, for, unlike a large number of the steamer box, they abhor being in debt. They were equal for the emergency, however, providing for it by a financial feat similar to that proposed to meet the deficit in the revenue by Mr. Mcilwraith with regard to the railway reserves fund. The socity, it appears, has a separate fund in the Savings' Bank something like the sacred reserve of Pericles and it was determined to borrow £50 of this money to tide over the difficulty. This has been done, but the expedient is only temporary, and an appeal must soon be made to the public. The social difficulty just referred to is not likely to be lessened by the arrival just now of about 300 immigrants. The barque Scottish Lassie now lies in the Bay with this addition to the population, and something special will probably have to be done to provide them with work. The council still employ between thirty and forty immigrants from the ships which arrived three months ago, and although they have done several very useful works to the town, the extra expenditure has strained the municipal finances to a considerable extent, and it is questionable whether the Corporation will care to increase its liabilities. Meanwhile the immigrants are detained in the ship, as the health officer (Dr. Salmond) with- held pratique until two cases of illness amongst the single women should develop. It appears that a single woman died on May 20 of typhoid fever, and, as the woman now ill may be affected with the same disease, the health officer deemed it his duty to adopt precautionary measures to guard the health of the community. From late reports it is probable that the passengers may be released when the doctor returns to the ship, which he does to-night. The district inspector's reports of the Rockhampton schools for the past year, published this week in the local papers, show that the work of education is in good hands. The attendance is also very satisfactory, an examination of the figures showing that almost 80 per cent of the children enrolled were present on the inspector's visit. The service sustained a great loss a few months ago by the death of Mrs. Abraham, a lady who was highly esteemed for her extraordinary success SB a teacher. Miss Fielding, a late teacher in the Brisbane Normal School, has succeeded the late Mrs. Abraham I notice that Mr. Joseph Holliday, who has successfully conducted a school in the Logan district', dish been appointed to the suburban school at Port Curtis road. The forthcoming races are becoming the town talk in the absence of anything more exciting. A few horses are already in town, and from the preparations which are being made I anticipate the meeting will be a success. Mr. Thomas has asked permission to use the totaliser at the race- course, but I am not informed whether it has been granted. There is a cordial and Sweet feeling of unanimity existing, and likely to exist for a few days, amongst the gentlemen now catering for our amusement. Miss Clara Stephenson's theatrical company have been in town for the past three weeks, and notwithstanding the dull times did a very fair business for the first fortnight. Just then, however, Carlton's Ghost made its appearance, and the apparition was so startling that for the last week crowded audiences assembled nightly to see it at the School of Arts, and the theatre, except on one or two nights, was almost deserted. Having such an effective demonstration of the value of a ghost, the theatrical management have been industriously searching for one, and to-day Mr. Wills announces that he wíIIbIiow this evening the ghosts of all the performers in the drama of the " Octoroon." How Mr. Carlton feels may be imagined ; but both gentlemen are now faced by another perplexity, for Burton's circus is to make a call on its way to Mackay, and opens here on Thursday night. Verily, all conditions of men have their troubles. The weather is delightful ; the days clear and Bunny, and the nights clear and frosty. 