The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1879. THE agitation that Archbishop Vaughan rashly commenced in New South Wales against the educational system of that colony has produced very different, results from any HU Grace expected, and 33 far from his demands for public money la sup port of sectarian teaching1 being granteJ, ouch denominational schoob as exUt are doomed, aa far as they depend upon the Goternment. for exuteoce. Tiny will be allowed Government aid for threo yean longer, but on the 31st December, l^il, their connection with tho State will cease, and then they muat either ba kept noinj entirely on the voluntary principle oc be transformed into public scnoo.'j. Arch bishop Vaughan confidently issued his challenge to the advocates of tha system to try conclusions with him and hia followers. Thegauotlet th'ja thrjsrn dova was promptly picked up, and toe imaa of the combat will be the complete defeat of those who would take the public money to teach theological dogmas, and place the education of the young' exclusively in the' hands of priest3. So far from thesa efforts to discredit the main principles upon which. State education has beoa carried out in the oldest colony of the group being in aoy degree successful, the candid will result in their being more resolutely affirmed aad more firmly established. Tha great majority of the parents of New South Wales do not believe that in having their children taught tbe three R'a un* accompanied with religious creeds they are in anyway training them up in atheism; and tb.4y consider it about as rational to talk about a godleas school as it would be to stigma&a; a dairy, a vineyard, or a factory aa soiled, because the pro^eeJin^s in those establishmeots arj not accomp iniei by spiritual exhortauoa. Mr. Tarkea, tha Piemier of New Soatb Wales, has introduced into the Parliament of that province a Bill wliicb. is intended to show toe deliberate will of the L3gula« tore with regard to sjcutar and danoaii national teaching. CathoHca as well as Protestants hare anjoyad. tha banstiu of State education in 'New South Wala3, both before and since tb.9 fulminations of the Archbishop against pirents who sent their children to public schools. The religious views of the pupils are not inter fered with, -whattivjr 9ect they mly belong to. The school* bjw aw to be strictly secular, but according to thj Ttli cluasa "the words 'sscular iu-tra;tto:i" ijiil be held to include geajral religious teachings as dutuvuisheil from dojnn itictl and polumlcal theolojry." IV i j to bi feared tlii provision will lsaj to sjujj diriijulty, for question will aria j as ti whit ii rdligioas teaching, -what is or. ij nit dogmatical, and where tua rdlyioa taught is to begin and where to end. la evarv public school four hours during each school day are to be devoted to secular instraetiou exclusively, but one hour is tobesetaput when the children of any ona religious pat ouesion may bd instructed by the. clergy man or other religious teacher of such persuasion, provided that no pupil shall attend aucb. teaching if his or her parents object. Hitherto the Government has shown such tender concern for the feelings of the Roman Catholics in New South Wales that history has been rigidly excluded from th& list of subjects taught in the national schools, but this absurdity is not to be per petuated. In future the pupils will be instructed in the history of Great Britain and Ireland and of Australia. Leaving the questions on which there has been recently so fierce a contest we observe in the Bill several important changes in the systam at present existing. It appears that our experience of the awkwardness of divided authority in the administration of the educa tion department linds its counterpart in New South Wales. Tha Council of Education, nominally subordinate to the Minister at the head of the department, bat in reality acting as a buffer between him and the Parliament, was abolished here after a considerable trial, and the example thus set Mr, Parkes proposes to imitate. As in South Australia tha Minister oi Education will have till the functions and powers of the Council in addition to those he possessed previously. Five classes of schools are to te established and main tained, some of whicb. already exist, but it is intended to render the system more perfect, so that in schools under tha control of the State it will b) | possible to obtain education ia all grades, from the primary instruction im parted to infanta to the finishing'course of study necessary to fit a youth for en tering the University. The different schools ore as follow: —" 1. Public schools in which the main object shall be to afford the best primary education to all children without sectarian or clasa distinction. 2. Superior public schools in- towns and popu lous districts in which additional lesrons in the higher branches of education may be given under such regulations for the par pose as may be approved by the Governor. 3\. Evening public schools in which the object shall be to repair the deficiencies of young- persons who may not have received the advantages of ..primary education in early youth. 4. High schools for boys ia which the coursa of instruction in language, history, and science shall be of an order either to complete the public school course or to prepare pupils for the University. 5. High schools for girls." The fees for pupils in the schools of the firet-class are threepence for each child, but any parent sending more than four children will not be required to pay more than a shilling. Provision 13 made for compelling the attendance of all children bstween the ages of six and fourteen years, unlea3 proper reasons are given for their absence. The fees for the evening schook ani all the higher schools are to be fixed by regulations approved by the Governor. There are clauses providing for schools in very sparsely-settled districts, and for itinerant teachers where necessary. New South Wales may be said to have led the way in liberal and efficient State education. In that colony, cf all this group, was first established a scheme of public instruction that offered equal ad vantages to people of all elates. The principle was not that of free education, but the rule of payment was much, the same as in South Australia, ani persons of the highest positions did not, and do not now, see anything derogatory to them-' ■elves' or unfair to the State in sending their children to the national schools and paying for them. To a considerable extent that state of things has been brought about here., notwithstanding the absurd outcry that, • year or two ago, ill-informed persons zaised against moneyed men taking advantage for their children of the educa tional facilities offered by Government. Few of tha well-to-do middle classes, to say nothing of the upper ten, have yet sent their daughters to the government schools I in this colony; but in New South Wales I the State schools are as freely resorted to by girla ta by boys of all classes. The high school just established here for girls will supply a want that haa long been severely felt, and will help to. annulate out system to that of New South Wales. TWmanner in which the whole question of education has been dealt with in that province is worthy of all praise, and it ia satisfactory to know that while remedying aay'defecta that experience may have pointed oat in their educational system, the Legislature and people wi'l jealously preserve tha principles upon which any proper scheme of national instruction ahoold be based. Tbe Pott Darwin telegraph, line-was interrupted on Taesday evening north of Charlotte Waters. T&e; PoslmasteT- General and Saperin tecdmt of Telegraphs has received from Mr. W. VL Smith, the statienmaster at the £bey. in tbe Northern Tcnitory>kns foUowior telegram : —"I beg to report toe-arrivala? the £Imt, oa November. 23? of Mr. HoLeod aad men, gold prospecting. Ms. McLeed states that tbe party left rfonnantown on July 21 with three men. On September 13 one of the men named Thomas Donald left the camp to run down a small creek about seven miles long, and was not seen again. The party searched for him for three wcefa, bat coald get no tracks." The following letter ha3 been recaivea by Mr. Josiab Bootbbj, 0.U.&, from Sir V. Cunliffo Owen, K 0.31.0.. 08, O SX. secre tary to the Bojal British Commission at the Paris Exhibition:—" 109, Viataria street, October 1. — Sir—l Juva tbe honor to inform joa - that I have this day do livered to the Agent-General for South Aus tralia tbe silver medals and dipumus swarded by the International Jury at. the late. Paris KxhibtUoa ta tbe following exalbitoro from South Australia:—F. G. Waterhoose, natural history collection, diploma; Moonta and Wal laroo Mining Company, copper, diploma and medal; Price Maurice, angora-skins, diploma and medal; Hon. John Crazier, wool, diploma and medal; SamuelChOes, olive oil, diploma and medal; SamL Davenport, olive oil, diploma and medal; A. M. Bickford iSona, cordials, diploma and medal; F -O. Davis. cordiaU, diploma and medal; Thomas Hardy, wine, diploma and madaL The silver medals awarded to Dr. K. Sshom burgk for herbarium, Allen Bell and John Siggs for wbeat, and to S. Smith Jc Son for wine, being found incorrect, are retained by mn for return to the French Commission ia order that they may be corrected. I regret to have to inform yon. that tbe bronze medals and honorable mentions have not yet been received from the French :iut;.oruk9. I am, £c, —Philip CurugF* Uwis." 'Xhe medals and diplomas handed to tte Ageuf- Geceral may be expected by the'naxt' uaiL i Wo fcave received from Mr. C. H. | Slannt?gtwowell-esecutedphotographsofilr.F. Marshast, et the London Ccmsdy Company, in tbe character of Banter in the play of "New Men and Old Acres." | Nominations of candidates for the office of Mayor of Adelaide, the offices of councillor for eaoh of the six wards, and a'ao the office of one city auditor are to be made ia the Town Hill at noon to-day. 1 The Yor7i£s Femnutlot Advertiser Btates that Dr. Elphickia improving, and that notwith standing the severe injuries he received by the accident last Thursday, the probabilities- are in favor of his recovery. The rainfall between 9 a.m on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday, ia registered a* follows.—^ Oaltowie ;_ 0-130 I Mount Gambler 0-500 Jameatovn ... o*olo Narracoorte ... 0120 Kingston ... o*3ol Pencil... ... 0-230 HUlic⁢ ... 0120 { The following b Tuesday mornjng'a weather report an the Adelaide and Port -Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana. S.W., fresh, clear-, fine, cool; Farina, SJ3., fresh, clear, floe, cool; Stra?gways Springs, S.W^ freah, clear, fine, pleasant-„ Peake, S_E., light, clear, fine; ; Charlotte Waters, 8., moderate, clear, fine, pleasant. I The number of passengers who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week that [ ended on batuiday, November 33, was 137, all of whom were from Melkonrne. The number who leCt by similar means and during the same period was 76. Of these 44 were for Melbourne, 24 for Sydney, 1 for Newcastle, and-7 for Port Darwin. The Sydney Morning Herald of Novem ber 19 contains the following:—By the steam ship Glenelg, which arrived on Monday from Adelaide, the Han. *W. H. Bundey, aLP., Attorney-General of South Australia, was a passenger, he having come Ou a viait to the Sydney Exhibition. A good many persons are losing cattle in the neighborhood of Kapnnda, bus whether from disease or eating poison grass is as jet unknown. The local paper understands that the corporation inspector has written to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the subject, asking that a stock inspector may be sent up. The number of births and deaths regis tered in tha General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, November 23, was— Births, 7-t males, 62 females; deaths, 31 males, 22 females; total, 13S births, 53 deaths; exo&a; uf births, S3. The number registered in tha district of Adettfowt^BifttfJitt «■*?.£ 3 females-, deaths, 7 male*. 0 female*; total, 5* births, 16 deaths; eness-of Wrth*, 30. ■-; "Por seme time,"' say" the Narthun • Argus, u a few of the Clare residents have Men contemplating a trip to tseg'old-bearisgeoaotry atTJlooloo. They leem.to hare a strong Con viction that there is plenty of gold 1 in that lccality, and that if it is property tested it will turn ootto.be a good paying goldfield." On Friday, November 21, we (Kapundd Harold) drove thrangh the Hamilton, Harrabel, Tothill's Creek, and Tothfll's Belt districts, and everywhere the crops are looking splendid. Wo~ only noticed one poor crop amongst the whole. If present appearances are realised many of the farmers near the ranges will reap fifteen bushels per sere. Haymaking is now beginning to b« general in these districts. ' :. : ■ The Illustrated London News of Octebe* 4 contains a fine engraving of the new steam ship Orient, which is now on her way to Ade laide. According to the timetable issued by the Orient Company this splendid vessel will bo doe- here on December 18, but seeing the high- • rate of speed she attained on her trial trip we may fairly expect, provided all goes wel), Co hear of her arrival in onr waters a diy or two in advance of that time. It will hare been observed by annoance ments in oar business columns that the steam ship Glenelg is laid on direct from Adelaide to Lannceston and Hobart Town, so that person* desirous to escape from the heat of a South Australian summer mar proceed, to.Tasmania, without the trouble of going to Melbourne and changing vessels there. This is a convenience that many excursionists will doubtless fairy ap preciate. Professor Btrambio, in s note in -an Italian medical journal, says that, notwith standing the failure of aQ remedies hitherto recommended for the immoniata ante of a-cold,. he wishes to communicate fo'fhe nrofejaion the great success ha bas (bond attaadtajr anew on? ia his own person, and to ask then to test its efficacy. He found prolonged nutntlcatfon and swallowing of a dried leaf or two ot the euca lyptus globulos almost immediately liberated him from all the effects of a severe cold. A flagrant case of " baby-fanning'* waa brought to light at an inquest held by the city coroaer on Taesday, on tho body of an illegiti mate infant named Vm. Fredk. Garter Thomas*. It was shown that a single woman named Lemm, who has an illegitunateehild of her own, took in three other iflegitmtate chadren to nurse, two of whom died, and the other' two wen ia such a reduced condition that it was stated they conld not live. In their verdict the jury cessuxed, T^mpr^ fgg jjej conduct in. the affair. | Sir. James Sampson, farmer, Blyth "Plains, sowed a few acres of Cape oats as- an experiment last seeding time. •* Whan he did sq." states the Aortktrn Argut of November K. "several farmers toUihim that th* crop weak* p*ov? a failure. He reaped the oste last week, arid the yield was thirty-seven basheb-tothe acre. The heavy rains previous farthe reaping iojored the crop considerably, and bat for t?e> damage then sustained Mr. Sampson ia seafi- ■ dent that he would have reaped forty-four bushels to the acre." "W« have been shown", says toe Yofke'* , Pptuuula Adveriiur, u totao fine bunches of wheat, some almost rasdy for' the reaper^froa; a farm at Penang. ' It has been raisedirom th*« 7 New Zealand seed Imparted byHeatrs/Kioi?ef add Drew, and gwes promise of • tplandfd' yield. The heads are about six insbes iona-.and/ well packed with large, plump, tonal graine. One farmer has about sixty acres of land sown with this kind of teed, which we are informed will in all probability produce thirty btuhab te> the acre." On Tuesday evening', November 25, m meeting of ratepayers of Hindsursh Ward was ' odd in the Kiehange-room, Town Hall, to cant tider'who were thermos! fit and proper perion* to represent the ward. otnmci]lar.Broo£-rfifted tbe chair. There was a small attendance. Mr. J; M. Stacy, who isa- new candiiUtw, siTilhjh?l the meeting and was asked questions, aa were also Heurr. Bmk and Jones, the other candi dates for the position. No resolution was passed, no proposer beigg forthcoming at the call of theT rhsinw**l- ..■"*'- On Tuesday morning, November 25, about 8 o'clock, a serious accident happened to a lad of 24, named William Henry Miller, son of the proprietor of the Goodwood steam chakk mills. The boy was clearing away some crushed corn, when he placed his hand on the cog-wheels of the machine, which were momentarily ex- posed, and the member was drawn between the cogs and fearfully crushed. Dr. Chas. Gosse was sent for. The arm was amputated below the elbow, and the sufferer is progressing favor ably. \- "ThaStrathleveni?lying'atthaCoamo pofitas Wnarf,aod beef carcases are," says.tbe Syi*ty MrnuHg?trd&d; November 19, "now being taken on board. Testerday, by tile eoar tesy of Captain Pearson, we wece afforded an" opportunity of-examining some fruit which bad been subjected to the action of the refrigerating; apparatus for a couple" of bourspand which "waa thoroughly frozen. Such little ke-blockswere" they that, two hoars after being removed, into the- mnggy atmosphere of tin*- morning, and carried about and handled, they retained snffl- '■ cleat frigidity to instantly freess water poareft ' upon them. The flavor of the feed fruit, or fruit ice. was perfect" ' ; - ■'. ' ■:? Mr. Brown, the hydraulic engineer, has been op toTf apnnria to inanert tha.worki at the reservoir, and. has passed them, so tbaft ' Messrs. Lewis * Marshall hare now finished operatkma tbae. Tha tftrnH atvtf that "•? Saturday forenoon, November 22, the water waa turned partially on,--and. the fozce tested with tha hose in the Main street ftagmrA fry ng t?«^ toue fact that the valve war only partially open the pressure waa satufactorx. tho jet being thrown to a height of about fifty feet. At pre sent tha reservoir is not more than a quarter Iliad, and that, too, would render the pressure much lees than it will be when these is a full supply of water." Three or four -weeks ago a quantity of valuable mathematical Instruments were stolen from the office Of a well-known firm of archi tects in this city, and up to the present time tha constables have not been able to find any trace of the thief or the missing goods. If. the person nfcQ stole them is a professional man it would be quite possible for him to sell them to some architect or surveyor without eieikiog any sus picion as to his rightful ownership* and aa thii. account the police authorities have advertised a, iist of the missing articles, which wi'l be foaud in another column, hoping that auy one woo may have purchased or seen sccb articles re cently out of the ordinary coorsa of trade will give information to the detective*. The result of the inspection of the> Winchelsea district, Victoria, ioj coal deposits, to which we referred in a recent issue, is tana recorded in the Gteiing Advertiser of November •Jl -. —" An inspection, of the Winchelsea district for coal and other deposita was oonoluded yesterday by Mr. J. Dennistoon. a mineralogist, who was accompanied by Mesars. Moran and Stirling, of Winchelsea^ Xt? inspection lasted; for four days, and during it yellow ochre- was discovered, showing fair indication* of- eoal de posits, bus Mr.Dfmnistfin coald nos-give-any "definite informatMSi whboat having a bore- pus down. At Mount Hesse apJaadid sample* ef lime were found, whilstat the Sunny Hills good samples of cemeat were picked up. Averxnne sample of ochre was obtained in the Warrant- - bete Creek, and- an -inexhaustible supply former in the Betreit Greek. Jlr.Dennietoan intends shortly exploring the country about-- Auej'a Inlet" A rather novel mode of progression ia the water was exhibited at the City Baths Yes terday (writes the Melbourne dge of No vember 22) by Mr. Walter Xiashame, ot Campbell-street, OaatlemaJne, who'hai taken some time in carrying out the idea. The ap paratus is somewhat cumbeisome^batadbjirably Berves the purpose for whioh it was designed. The man who user the machine attire* liim—tH in a suit of oilskins, which are intended to be watertight. Hi? waist is encircled by a cork belt, which is ot sufficient buoyancy to keep him afloat in any position. Be sits upon a. small machine resembling a hobbyhorse, whkh is securely attached to the belt, and wbiah eon tains two cranks connected at one end by two handles, to which the power is applied, and ab the other a propeller with two fans. Tbe turn iDgof the handles operate* opon the screw, and a satisfactory speed is attained thereby. Mr. Linthorne also exhibited some lifebuoys of new design, and which would be very useful in sustaining a person in the water. A meetiDg of the committee of tha Aborigines' Friends Association wii held at the South Australian Company's office on Monday, November 24. There were present Mr. N. Oldham (in the ohair),the Kev. W. K.Fletcher, MA., Messrs. H. Hussey, H. Hammond, A. J. Bolder, and. the boo. secretary (Sir. C. N. Col&on;). The secretary reported that the sale of wcol from the Mission station realised £339 16s. lid. The price obtained wa* about three far things per found less than last year, bnt the flock beiDg larger tbe quantity waa such as to I i reduce £50 more than last year's clip. A com- - D*aia? wmaeqahftdtNOfc two of the natives that the* curdMa lad bean exoladad tram the •stMML ..««sn?erintendeot reportedthatthe natives in question had been, dnmissed tram thft station foe bad coaduot, and that the ohildw*wew too young to be received into the boardmg-sehool. It wae resolved that the action «C ,th* aajwintenden* be onheM. Hr.O. J. Holwir was appointed an additional member of tbe staanoe committee. - Some routine business wa?t(Maaetadandtbe committee adjourned. The fall Court sat oa Tuesday morning' ■?h?n| judgment was given in Bignell t. Berk shr?attapeeat from a decision of His Honor the HiinaryTudge.whi^raersd that the par tlee interested in the will of the late — Baxk> ■ ahiw toox daughters Mid an adopted son— wentaeoteHzy nasties to* suit brought by tin ■pWgfirftb maketba estate available for distri bution among the creditors of the deceased. HitHenorthe Frimaiy Judge held that they <wt? netesaary parties, and that the decision •hould be in favor of the defendant. His Honor t&e; Chief Justice and Mr. Justiee Boucaut wen of opinion that the demurrer should be over ruled and that the order made for the jotaing «f thointetested parties should be discharged. Site costs of the demurrer and appeal to be costs inthe'eanse. His Honar the Primary Judge intimated that net would give judgment in Biggs v. XoKUiater at an early date. The ease of ' 3anks v, Bosman was taken off the list, t naving been, settled out of court. A motion for * rujeababluU foe ? new trial in Gxasia v. 04tti was dnmisted with coats. At the flower show recently held by tho Pubtio Bebmu Floral Society at the Town Hall .prises were offered for the best essay on the eul *ureof flowers and for ?h9 best seteetiou from the poeti at passages relating to flowers. Nearly fifty papers were sent in foe competition, and the jsdge (Mr^S. Dewhirst. th? senior iospeotor -of schqo!s]Lhas awarded the prises as follows-.— For %he essays, first prise, 10a., "Blm," Gtote stnet School; second prim, ss^ Edith Jones, Lefevte's Peninsula, ' Selections, first prize, 7s. «d, «* White Gum," Grote-sbeet; second prisa, sk, Catherine A. Johnstone, Norwood. Many of the essays were Tory creditably written; and in tho, ertraots bom the poets «nuch care had been taken both, in the selection of the words and in the neat and tasteful of them. It is somewhat remark able that only ton boys compated, and their work was altogether far inferior to that of the girls. In addition to the list of schools alraady pub- UsbedtheFranklia- sfereetaadSpringtoa pabiia schools sent exhibits to the show. Bx'tra prizes nave; been awarded to Annie li'air. Port Ade laide^ for a collection of cariosities from Java, ■and to Jsy Burton, of the Oawlar icW, for ] ImttoaUieteaquets. " The Roderick Din, -which safleS from tbe Eonden Socks for Melbourne, on Satur 4ay,--October 4.-has on board four ahark boc?Sr and- -twelve- Lincolnshire sheep con aigne* «o Mr. V. MeOuUoeh, of Qlenroy. "Vlcrijtisi; Tbe lime*,, ia referring- to this sliiiiiwuil «aysr— "B? Unesgs of the shorthorns will -bear the closest inspection. The eldest & lady Blanch* Nonsoeh, by Kobuity (aSL§d3), * Ine Ive-year-old cow, which, as her name TinjJian, aniass the-BfaaabVand Nonsuch strains. Bat * fcr- more- varuahm one is Fushsia's DacfaewSad^wbieh isayearyeonxer, and was juioriasen far 400 guineas at Mr Larkiaj's sale last sear. Th?- ether tw? are two-yesr-oid batten fttoa the herd of Mr. B. Bowley, of Siddaiften—Umstter 10th, by 3rd Daks of ClaTe?ee<23.72i), and from Musical 7th, by 7th Suks^et York (17,7?4)r and Lady 1 Westou 3rd, by Watf of OxfosoV 2nd (33,129). *nd from Qoeai el Wesian 3rd, by Cherry Fawsley <30ja). XWsfaeeperMskt of two nnrgnifieent rams: uwd by Mr. Henry Smith, or CcopweU Butleav Mettagham, and Mr. B. Wright; of Noctonaefcth, bath of whuh have takea distin gU?thed show-yard honors in the pan season; and tern SBeaenoj ewes, selectod from the flocks of Messrc VaE Dadding. Paaton Qoan, Mr. J. Torr, ILP-. Aylesbury Manor, and &ir.; Artin^QarSt, of Seotbem. All are good speci mens ei the improved Lincolnshire, long-woollei treed. . - ▲ vobUc meetxbg -was held in the library of tfctflawfitefe; Weodside, otr Thursday, No «iastw>i 18t<*ts eenaider «mj aavisahleges o' txnumt aa &>t«tvto hall ia that towntmb TheisJejawsilaiitei attendaoceof Influential Vest darfaJsiMl Mr. B. Caidweli occupied the chair. Ik was-laa^isiJ by - Mr. James Johnston, aeooaeW ftyi*« Be* J. MetVM.anrf sacried— "Tfca^&ia; dea|iaUe.toatest aninatitute hall as Vojod^dt- I*.1 *. Aftarsaa?e disaassiaa aato sias. aiae, aid ehawctor of the proposed >"^'"«Tg. it was neolsed- ob- tliet motmi of, M& Htttohena^ ■BBawfta Jgf *r. A. Johnstotvttat Xaats. Js?iif^MmstDn. Dr. Bias. J. F<sufc)«,and T. miaoH?riien rauatnc mmimnen, to report to asiesawCebeneldin a, monQk front'date oa tbeatttLoMLsad of buQalnsmast smtabfefidrsniastitole. It was also resolved, on tbe motion of fee Her. X. Machean, seconded by Ok ~&sn;, that no steps be taken towards -j^_^^_j__ tfcar -LHlljlmay mvltt \i%A )mM sabsnijaad. ■ A wsssmitftis was appointed to t saissslw spheciptia—, ?«islina. of Mais. J. and A. O. Johnston, K. OaldweU, Dr. Bans. F.- O. Tjanterbaeh, W. Tucker. : B. XWtan, C Knu?iak, B. W*. Klem edunidt, A. A. Wfefcsseed (.secretary^ X. Hutehaoa, J. Featoo, B. Hester, and F. Bleeser, witttf"'* toad* to their number; to report in four walks. -Jt snbsoriptkn list was planed Imfwa ITie iWHilll suT riTt «s. was promued, XaMn.J6nasto(i liberally heading it with £50. Ik* MwMM hasasarry doabfed the aamber of itooMtkaewfasirmaDths, and at present cents 4sjaaaaliaaaa>saa4m(-(oetss and a library in tbe QB'X«aacUqr evening, November 25, a serial las, aafl promenade eonosrt iaooaoeotion with laafiausch of Bagland Sonday-sehoal IManeC South Auttndia were held ia the Town Kail, Adobode. Xbecewace larceaMen dances a* Jtetk gatherings. His Lordship the Biaho£ of Adelaide opened the nroseedings at the conoerti and alluded to the objeatoT the aatbwinas—:t?ajH uioliuu aTsoeisJ iutotsoarse between the memhata of the unioa and others— and imismiiil his pleasar«>t seeing so many in .linn f p Th? concert was a great success, the pesfonaancee for the most part being of s high ccder of merit. The effect of some of the Yooaliem, however, was somewhat marred bj 4he none made by soaao of the proouoaders. Mba Bwnan, who played an overture on the pianofurte—selections from "II Trovatore"— snowed that she possesses a good deal of manipniative^EkiU, and must be complimented on tbe way in which she acquitted hexaelf. A company of Ts^fr^ and gentlemen, under * the leadership of Mr. E. J. Wathurat, gave some very pretty choruses iu a manner which reflected great credit oa themselves and their conductor. Their performances formed a mest eDJojable portion of the pro cramotfe, and they were greeted at the conclu sion of every piece with loud and hearty ap plause. Xh^y rendered Bossini's "Cacainle," "Tbe soft wind*round us," by Weber; >* Friend ship.* f?m?l<ao>adil«miaermoar;'' "Spring's brightfUnces," from'•TiaaonnsiTibnla^'and the * Ammmst*'' okflrus from '^Maritana. 0 Mr. B. qSga*, 'who is now well known to nqp^ concert-goers, saof a song, "The Wolf,, whiab..enabled him to display his full deep voice to advantage. Be was loudly eneored, and in response gava"Tbe Air King." Haafterwards sang "The White Squall,"and waaagaiasuaeesaf.nl in Hftouriog the apprecia tion of tbe audience. Mr. C. Buxmeister sang 4ae aria " M' appari,* from M"th«, and met witb a good reception. Mr. J. G. Nash, who lias • tolerably strong tenor voice, sang w Ihe Death of Kelson," and had to submit to an «neore^_Mr. L. Dyke gave "Tbe four jolly smiths" in a highly commendable manner for -a young vocaiiat, and.hu effort was deservedly applauded. The amuvexsarj tea. and public meetings in oonnectkm with the Port Adelaide Ooagre jgational Church were held on Tuesday evening. November 85. Both gatherings were well at tended. The pubUo meeting was presided over fey Mr. B. Searle. The Bev. M. Dick gave a report of the past year's proceedings. 2t ap peared that tho congregation altogether num bered abbot 550. The number of enrolled members was 117, an increase of ten on that of ihe previous year. The ehuteh services as ■ rule had been well sustained, and the congrega tions generally iatse. The devotional services tad been kept up as formerly. The number of Sunday- scholars was 32JJ anal the average attendanea bad been 307. There were besides twenty teachers and three officers ia connection with the schoei. There were thirty-five members -of the Bible class, who attended very regularly. There were forty members in the Band of Hope in connection with the chareo, and an average attendance of thirty at the meetings. The auxiliary society of the Congregational Union and Home Minion had been well sup ported, and the sum of £2216a. had been added to its funds. He congratulated the congrega tion on the successful character of the report, «nd trusted that the prosperity of tho church would continue to increase^ Mr.'G. P. Hodge, the treasurer, then read the finational statement. The total receipts amounted to £439 10s. 3d., of which £414 13s. 3d. was from collections and £4816a. lid, the proceeds of the anniversary services. She expenditure reached £469183. 3d., and there was an overdraft at the bank of over £190. There were other re ceipts from tbe cauich iustitations of £149 made Up of Snndmyaohool, £100; Ooagrez** tional Union, £33 lib.; Bible class, £4; and saeramantal fund, £30. After the report* wera tead, and the chairman having given tiio usual. coiUKatulations, the Rer. Yt* R? Flstoberi MJL.delivered his lecture on" The Colosseum at Boss and its afartyrs," which was listened to with great attention. Dating the evening ihe ehureh choir sang several Mleotions under the oonduotorship of Mr. G. O. Smith. The Marine Board sat pa Tuesday morn ing, November 25, to enquire into the ground ing of the steamer James Oomrie on the north . bank of the Port Kiver on the night of Monday, November 10. Theni ware present Oaptaia H. H. Ferguson. SJtt. (president), Captain J. W. Smith > JJ>^oaptainX>.Taple;.aDdUr.J.Formb7 (wardens). 'William Hodge, mate of the James Oomrie, said the vessel left Bdithborgh on the day in question at about 5 p.m. The weather was sqnuljr and there was a strong west wind blowing. First saw the Port Adelaide light at about hall-past J> o'clock. Witness was then at the wheel and Qspt∈ Bartlett was on desk in charge. On searing the coast saw the steamer Bmu, and steered to leave her on tbe port side, but immediately after passing her the vessel touched the ground on the uotth bank. Pat the helm hard-a-pait, steamed ahead, and got into the channel. Then went op die river and anchored at the North Aim. After coming off the north bank the anchor was let go by the captain's orders, and it was lost with the ohaia juat off the first black beacon, in consequence of the end not being fast. Did not see any of the gas beacons lit up, though expected to find them so. Had they been lit the vessel would not have grounded. There were 110 passengers on board at the time, and there were two boats of about 200 cubic feet capacity. The vessel was licensed to carry 180 excursionists. Captain Bartlett said he would not have attempted to come in that night had he known that the beacons were not lit. He considered them a great boon to small vessels. Ha thought the steamer Emu was at anchor, and ha attributed the accident to the mistaking of the Bon'i light for a gas beacon. The board found " that the grounding of the James Comrie was at tributable to the fact that tbe master mistook the Bum's light for the first gas beacon. Captain Bartlett appeared to have used all f«m«ilih? precautions whilst entering the Port Biver, -mai there are no grounds on which to bring a charge ' against him. He is, however, cautioned to be more careful in future respecting the condition < of the vessel's anchors and chains." i Some time ago Colonel Dowries, on lie half of the Local Military Force, challenged j | thirty members of the Military Force of Vic tori* to fire a match against a similar number of our men with (Urtini-Henry rilas.. Un happily a difficulty ha* arises which appears likely to prevent a taateh of this kind taking place, at least at the present' time. The Vic torians wish themateh tabs find in the bask position, while oar volunteers say tint it should , be fired in a military position, and that the back poation is not included in. tho military positions I for firing. Negotiations on the subject have j I been going on for some time, but neither party j appears to bdwilKng to forego the point. Major Godwin states that there is do possibility of ! any match, coming off if the point is insHtnd ] on, while Colonel Anderson has written in «j"it«" term. The latest, information on the matter is that Colonel Aadersou has written to kUjor Godwin, stating that he thought there ma a possibility of hi* getting op a second team, which would, however, not include wme -of tbe best riflemen in Victoria, to fire a match.. with South Australians. The following notice has been posted outside the Staff^Omca:—"ln tercolonial BiteMateh—Tietoria. t. Sooth Aus tralia. Members of the volunteers wishing to shoot (if the rifle match can be arrausred) are invited to* send in their names to the Staff Offica." The secretary of the South Aus tralian National Kins Association (Mr. J. Mann), informs as that Captain BUrmiii, the Victoiian representative, has been in communication, with the executive of the association and that there is a possibility of a maten being arranged between selected ' teams from tbe two colonies. Captain Biannin KpresentstheTtetcrtan?ifleAssoeiationssmuch as tbe Victorian military, and would be happy to arrange for a match, between its members and some of the Sooth Australian riflemen, but the . same difficulty as to position has also cropped npfe Una ease. A suggestion has been made *3 the efleet that a mateh should be arranged be twean member* of the Twtariaa and Sooth Australian Rifle Aasoetations, by wfcieh tha re presentatives of the sister colony may fire in any position they please, while oar «m men will i ■tick to the military regulation positions. So -far, however, nothing definite has been decided, ' and in, any event this match would have te? take place after harvest, at some of the best shots of I the aasodatic* will be busily engaged daring tin next few months. Writing from Noumea on November 9, ■ tiieKew Caledonia eornepoadent of theSjrtto«y | Jformiug Herald says:-—iA pleating ineideat arising eat of the late native revolt has come to my notice. It illustrates i? a forcible manner j the beneficial inflWnrtot f!hrintimity upon tho j ; minds and actions of savages. Th? natural { propensities of the -'rig*'"l population* of [ thit^yl the adjacent islands were developed in ? too evident manner by resent events. CannW ' balism— pure and simple—was revive! amongst the {Pagan tribes of New Caledonia. Tm customs of all the native populations of the adjacent islands wsre almost identical iu respect to their various methods of the dis posal of the human Cody, and it u j but a* yesterday when one and all of them would never dream of such waste of fool ias burying the body of an enemy—or oae pcrittpeaotaaenemy. The It aof Pines was no : exception to the rule. Bat now, bow changed! ! Tethis island it was determined by the Go/ern ment to banish a portion of the ciptured rebels, i who, to the number ol 700, were seat thera in I the state of nature in which they happened to '. | be. Any ens acquainted with New Cileddniais aware that the art of tbe knight of the goose is th?r?<imt?a*adi««nnit J «i«tith*tt4?fr>^m?rlffhl. tt degree. They have continued in a state—it can hardly be called of happy ignorance—rather : unblushing ignorance of modesty, in which tbe I services of even the historic fig-leaf have been I thought superfluous. And in tab happy I condition the 700, or the major pact of i them, were landed upon tbJ tie of ' Finea. Here they foaad brother* wheue skins were the color of their own, bat ia other respects how eh&ngdd;: Wherever they ! went they found well-dressed men and women, neat houses, inhabited by families living a re ; speetable, peaceable, life, their little ones tod dling about their doors or pis j ing near by, the most of these olive branches having some article of attire upon their little plump bodies. The new comers began to slaro JSre's sentiment when she and Adam searched for fig- leaves, per ceiving which the resident natives made a sub scription amongst themselves, and in one way or another elothed them one and all. When their own slender resources were exhausted, said there remained two or three hundred whose naked neas reeded help.theGoverarueut waarequested to supply material, which was. made into cloth ing, out and sewn by the native women of tha island. " It is our painful duty," states the Clare paper of November 25," to record the death of Mr. T. H. Hosier, of this town. Only a few weeks ago he caught what seemed to be a slight cold, and though it confined him to his house nothing serious was apprehended. The cold, however, deepened so as to cause some uneasi aess to his family and friends, and developed into pleurisy, which refused to yield to medical treatment. He gradually sank uadec the disease, and on Friday night, November 31, death stepped in and madea sad gap in a loving circle. Mr. Hosier was the only son of the law Henry Nje Hosier, of Adelaide, and whea young was seat tJ S«. Peter's College, Adelaide, where he received his education, and while there credit ably distinguished himself. After leaving college he served his articles with Mr. Mouldcn, solicitor, and was afterwards called to ' the bar as a practitioner of the Snpreme Oaurt. About eleven years ago he came to Clare, and eood had a large practice, and was invariably retained in important cases because of his marked ability in his profession. He was a member «t the Bench of Magistrates, and was admirably qualified for discharging his duties in that capacity. On November 26, 1873, he was elected mayor of Clare, which office he held for three years. In IS7S be was appointed chair man of the local school board of advice, retain ing the appointment up to the time of hi? death. He was of a genial disposition, mirthful mood, and exceedingly liberal, and was there fore much respected and bis company courted. His death has cast a gloom over tbe town and neighborhood, for he passed away in the very prime of life, being only 35 years of age, and has left a widow and three children to meura their lass. On Sunday a very large concourse assembled to pay their last sad tribute of respect to the departed. They followed his remains to the dare Cemetery, the hearse being preceded by the Bljth Bifles, cam maaded by Captain Roberts, and next to the hearse were the mourning coaches, which con tained Mrs. Hosier and family and relatives. The members of the Clare Ride Company (under lieutenant Ftovia) and the volunteers followed immediately after,the deceased having been captain of the former. The members of the Masonic order came next in honor of their departed brother. Tbe procession was more than half a mile long. There were forty-five vehicles, and many of the occupants had come from long distances. .Representing the legal profession were Mr. Foster (of the firm of Mann and Foster). Adelaide; and Messrs. Nash and Packard. There were gentlemen from the Bunm, Anburn, Xanra, Gladstone, Georgetown, and other distant parts of the oolony. The Bev. B. B. Webb officiated at the grave, and when the solemn and touching service of the Chnrch of England wan concluded the riflemen fired a salute over the grave. Nearly 2,000 persons were assembled.'' A bazaar was opened at the P(imitive Methodist Church, Tynte-street. North Ade laide, ou Tuesday afternoon, November 25, for the purpose of reducing the debt that remains on the building. The opening ceremony was performed by His Honor Chief Justice Way, in the presence of a large gathering of ladies and gentlemen. The Rev. Jas. Goodwin, the pastor of the church, in introducing His Honor, ex pressed his pleasure at seeing sach a large atten dance. He had been deputed by the lailie*' i committee to ask His Honor to open the bazaar, and he was happy to state that His Honor, iu replying to the request, at once said " most cer tainly." (Applause.) His Honor, who was re ceived with applause, said he hardly knew the reason why he should have been so honored as to be asked to perform the opening ceremony. It certainly could not have been from merce nary motives, for if it was thought by the ladie>* committee that by his services they would be able to increase their funds, he thought it would have been better to have invited the two candi dates for the mayoralty to attend and show by their liberality which was the better man. (Laughter.) He would be also useless to pre side at a stall, as the ladies by one bright smite would be able to sell more articles in a few moments than ho would ia the same number of hours. He supposed, however, that he had been requested to perform the opening cere mony owing to his being- a resident ia North Adelaide, and also owing to hit long connection with the Bible Christian denomination, who in all quarters of the globe were engaged in a similar work to the Primitive Methodists. His Honor then passed graceful remarks on the tasteful manner in which the arrangements of thebasaar had been carried ont, and commented favorably on the large number of useful and ornamental articles that were ex posed for sole. He trusted that tbe financial results would be such thatthe debt—which he understood was about £tiCo—-mould be wiped out, and that the trustee* wonld see their way dear to erect * new choroh. (Applause.) On the motion of the Bev. Mr. Wright, seconded by the Bev. Mr. Wayland, a vote of thanks was passed to His Honor for performing -the opening ceremony. The room contains six stalls, which are presided over by the following ladies:—No. 1 atalL Meadame* Goodwin sad TurnbuH;No.a, Mrs. Boe and Miss Seeomb; No. 3, Mandames SamL WiUon and Origg; No. 4, Meedames A. Wright, Osrr, and Wilson; No. 6 and Christmas tree, the Misses Martin, March, Thomson, Bickle, M. Seeomb, and Distent; refreahrnanfc?taB r Muiil«ma?Harrison. Pickles, and Cox. Tto sale of goods eosuaeoced immediately after the opening, aad from the liberal manner ia which the stalls wen patro nised a large business musk have been dona. Moskal selections ware rendered on the har monium by Mia* S. Winwood throughout the afternoon. The baxaar will be ooniiiuted to day, and in the evening a promenade conoert, under the leadership of Mr G. Wright, is to take place. The Academy of Muaic was closed on Tuesday evening; but we understand that it will be reopened in a few days under a different management Then was again a large house at the Theatre on Tuesday erasing, when - New Men and Old Acres" was repeated. The play was leeeived with great applause, the asting throughout being the subject of graeal oom mendation. The comedy will be repeated this evemDs« A capital entertainment, comprising some very choice vocal and instrumental music, seve ral wait-rendered recitation*, and * first- case dialogue, was given in the Paynebam Institute Hall on tbe evening of Monday, November 34, to a large and appreciative audience. This was the first of a series of entertainments of a simi lar kind to be given every alfiaato month in aid of a proposed new Wesleysn Church. A coarse of popular lectures towards the same object, alternating with the entertainments, is being given. Tbe first of the eoone wa* givoa a month ago, and wasa greatsucceie. The Bar. T>. OWoiuMU was tbe lecturer, and the subject was "Tom Hood." The next of the course is to be tba Bav. S. Knight's popular lecture, entitled"A Tear of tbe World." An entertainment for the benefit of Mr. Z>'Arcy?ead. well known in connection with tbe dramatic profession, and more recently tha proprietor of tbe M ghost illusion," was given in white's Assembly Boom oa Tuesday evening, November 35. There was not a large atten dance. The programme opened with a farce entitled "Tonng Precocious,'* in which characters were taken by Mr., Slml. and Miss Annie Bead. Tbe sketch was amosing, sod the little girl, who appears to be very clever, and to have a decided taste for tha stage, charmed all present by her naive acting. After a tolo on the cornet by Mr. T. Wilkios, which was remarkably good and which was en cored, Miss Annie Bead sang."Tbe Fisher man's Daughter," dancing a tailor's hornpipe. In this ss in a subsequent song. " JFirewoiks on tbe JBnrfai," Miss Bead was loudly applauded, her graceful abandom and evident interest in what she was doing being thoroughly appre ciated. Mr. De Vexe gave some fair ventrilo quism. He has a natural talent for the art, and if he perseveres and acquires* leu awkward style he ahold develop into a good ventriloquist and mimic. Tbe operetta of ** The Waterman" concluded the entertainment. 