GEORGETOWN MUTUAL IM PE0VEMfi«T ASSOCIATION. On Monday. eening last the above so ciety opened its sason of periodical, musical, literary, and draiatic entertainments at the Hall of the Gergetown Institute. The performance comsted of glees, sokjs (vocal and instrumental, and duets, followed by a comic drama, 'lie whole affair was cha racterised bjaspiit of novelty, energetically , and ably carried hrough by the members of_ the association First, the price of ad mission at the oors was reduced to one half of the chare hitherto made at like entertainments it Georgetown ; next, all reserved seats wre numbered, so that the buyer of a ticket beforehand was sure of the seat he had paid |or ; and then there^wa? a new proscenium if really chaste design and finish, enlarged sage — with footlights quite en regie — its sceies, flats, flies, wings, side lights, floats, andmechanical effects, leading one to suppose tie association to have had the experience -f years, instead of being little more than s month old. The prologue or inaugural address was recited by the R^er. J- B..Sneyd, and tersely set forth the ains and scope of the club^ Foreshadowing the &dv;»ntairn tn ha nhtstineA by members in mutually improving and polishing each other. The piano selections' were made and rendered with judgment by Mdlles. Murrie (2) and Kewson (2).~ The glees were sung with a verve almost profes sional. ' The Village Choristers,' and' « See our Oars with Feathered Spray,' being aptly chosen to bring out the strength of a new choir to the Georgetown stage — con- sisting of Mdlles. Morrie, McMahon, O'Sba nahan, and- another lady with a real alto voice, and Messrs. Lewis, Paterson, and H. A. Mugg. Miss O'Shanahan's rendering of ' Beautiful Isle of the Sea' evidenced that young {lady's possession of a voice which, with careful training will be of real value to her. Io finishing with the music it must here be stated that ' God save the Queen' was for once in ^Georgetown sung as it should ' be. The fine old anthem is too often given in a merely perfunctory manner, but the, choralists on Monday evening showed that the national eong had been practised at rehearsal. The comic drama, ' The Spectre Bride groom, in two acts, was put on the stage in a very perfect manner for amateurs, the . four scenes {especially a. garden scene with moonlight effects) Reflecting credit .on the artist. The plot is of course a simple one, but full of fun, to which all the dranudit persona contributed their chare. The make up of Dickory and Aldwinkle was very good, as was also that of Georgiana and Lavinia. The performance as a whole was such as to induce almost continuous' ap plause from the crowded eu.difiorj.. rTJhe cast was as follows: — Mr. Kicodemus (Spectre Bridegroom), Mr. Wilkinson; Squire Aldwinkle (an irritable plowman)* Mr. Walehe; Captain VWundngmb' ^ba ghost-layer) Mr. Jas. Ileodry; Dicbory (Aldwinkle's factotum), Mr. Eddy ; Paul ^Nicodemus'e servant) Mr. A. H. Mngg; servant, Mr. Murrie, jun. j Georgiana, Mr. Young j Laviais (ber cousin), Mr. Walters. Mr. JEapworth, in ? addition to his arduous duties off. manager and uscenist, produced a wejl executed advertising drop-curtain, the spate oErwhicii' was speedily contracted by ne&ftyjM; jseore of trades'. ^uuL professional peopne 4 *, , 