i-tcmg of Mima. SUPEBSTITIONS OF OCR ANCESTORS.— This -was the subject of a lecture delivered by the Rev. E. L Watkin, at the Wesleyan . Church last evening, to a very fair attend ance. The Rev. J. Graham presided. Mr. Watkin commenced by saying that he in tended to open his lecture by referring to the absurd superstitions entertained by our forefathers in relation to the eye, death, marriages, dreams, omens, &c.;, irom which we, their children, were not entirely eman cipated. Luck and unlucky days were implicitly believed in, and the future of a child would be determined by the day of the week on which it was born. New Year's Day, Good Friday, May Day, Ac., were all pregnant of meaning. With regard to omens, sneezing had been ominous from time immemorial, and some persons would retire to bed again if they had sneezed whilst robing themselves in the morning, and even now belief in omens existed. The rev. gentle man then referred to the superstitions of our ancestors, connected with looking-glasses, the moon, bleeding from the nose, candle- burning, flight of birds, Ac., baptism, fairies, giants, mermaids, Ac. , were next dealt with. Thebelief in witchcraft 200 year ago was univer sal ; every calamity was attributed to that agency, and the power supposed to be possessed by witches was immense, and even now the English papers narrated instances showing that the belief m witchcraft had not yet been dis-' pelled. His Satanic Majesty, Ghosts, and the inhabitants of the Spirit World were next taken up. He (the lecturer) did not believe in apparitions. There was always a cause for sny supposed visitation, from spirit land. However, let a man believe in ghosts, his excited imagination would make it an easy matter for any person to conjure one up. Dreams, Diseases, and Mineral Springs or Holy Welle, were lastly touched upon ; ' the rev. gentleman referring to the marvellous qualities of the water which tbe latter are supposed to possess, and concluded his in- teresting discourse by saying that the super stitions of our forefathers were mostly harm less ; they were the childrenof ignorance, while many people in this land of ours were still enslaved by dark superstitions, but when the laws of nature were better understood that would be dispelled. By ad- vertisement it will be seen that Rev. Mr. Watkin will preach at tiie Wesleyan Church on Sunday next, morning and evening. Another Old Resident Departed. — A very sudden death occurred yesterday. Mr. Ephraim Taylor, who for a period of eighteen or nineteen year has been employed at the fellmongery, feeling unwell, lay down, and asked for a cup of teA. Before this could be brought to him, he was dead. Disease of the heart is supposed to have been the cause, but will doubtless be ascertained at the official enquiry to be held to-day. Taylor's Ford, about which there has been so much discussion, was named after the deceased. The Official Assignee. — We have received the following telegram from Mr. Robert Giles, dated from " Claremont, Kew" : — " The subject of the paragraph con cerning me hae been duly settled up on Mon day." Another Great Loss.— Mr. W. MCulloch has experienced another serious loss. A 6" six-xnonths-bld calf, Grand Duke of Oxford, by 3rd Dnke of Colhngnam —Oxford Duchess 2nd, was found dead in his box on Sonday morning. He had been ailing for some as have also several others of the herd at the quarantine grounds. The two bulls imported by Messrs. Robertson Brothers are also suffering. The symptoms are swelling of the joints, Ac. j tbe cattle be come crippled, and lose the power of using their lege, whilst some of them are affected in their lungs. From the first there has been reason to suspect the water as the cause of all the various affections, and there is now no qne8tion about it. Mr. MlCulloch has had the water analysed by Mr. M'lvor, the result being that the water is found to con tain no less than 84 grains per gallon of car bonate of lime. This is quite sufficient to account for aU the symptoms exhibited by the stock. The loss to Mr. M Culloch threatens to be serious, not only in deaths, but in the damage to the health of those ani- mala that may chance to survive. It was understood when the cattle were sent into quarantine, that fresh green fodder would be j available at pleasure, but the only article of i the kind supplied to tire stock is mangels, A change of feed should at once be given, but more important than all is a change of water. A boiler and condenser capable of distilling the necessary quantity daily, should at once be sent down. Tbe case is urgent, for the men in attendance are snffering from the same cause as the stock. Effective Sentences. — Sentence Was passed on Thursday, in the Criminal Court, on the three youths who took part in the outrage ja Cadtqa some weeks ago, when a policeman was severely assaulted. Mr. Justice Bany read the prisoners a lecture, and be intended to make an example of and as they bad been oonvicted before be would make .them serve their past sen- tences over again in addition to the sentence for this offence. They were therefore sen tenced — William Johnson to four years and ' one month's hard labour, Patrick Murphy to three years and one month's hard labour, and George Cooke to four years and nine months' hud labour. The prisoners were also re quired to give two sureties to the amount of . £25 each for their future good behaviour at the expiration of their sentences. Wattle Blossoms. — The blossoms . on the wattle are poisonous, and one day : daring last week some children who partook j of them were made very ill, and for a time were in a precarious state. It will be well for parents to see that their children do not eat flowers, however attractive in appear ance. The Gbeat Canal Scheme. — An action was brought in the County Court by , Mr. T. E. Rawlmsou, civil engineer, to re cover £142 17a from Mr. Hugh M'Coll, ol Sandhurst, printer, and Mr. Charles Craw ford, of Sandhurst, publican, for professional work and services rendered to them aa pro moters of the Grand Victorian North-western Canal Company. 01 the sum claimed, £50 wm for pi.litmn.Ty wnrfc in furnishing pfgna in connexion with the scheme, and the re mainder for surveys made for it. Thedefence was that the plaintiff did the preliminary work for nothing, in the expectation of being appointed consulting engineer of the com pany, and that he had been paid in advance £25 4s. on account of the survey, and was not entitled to be paid any more for it until he had completed it. Plaintiff, it appeared, left off surveying after he had been at it abont'a month, principally because he waa not paid more money, and the defendants contended that he had forfeited all right to' further payments by abandoning tbe work. His Honor held with the views put forward by the defendants, and returned a verdict for them with coats to be taxed. - A Haxiltonian Abroad. — We ob serve that the tenor solo parts at the opening of the Sydney Exhibition, on Wednesday, were sung by Mr. Vernon Reiil, formerly of Hamilton. The cantata was composed for the occasion by our old friend Signor Gioiza, and appears to have gone off remarkably "well. Mb. Bell, the Inspector. — Mr. J. Bell, who superintended the erection of the Hamilton post- office, the new public build ings at Penshurst, Stawell, Ac., Ac., has turned from such peaceful pursuits to goin for warlike preparations. He is now located at the fashionable watering place of Sorrento, but will shortly have -to eL up Li. quarters in the of the Bay, the building of the new fort having been placed under his super vision. This tower of defence will be about four and a-half miles from Sorrento, and three from Mud Island, and in addition to the fort, the contractor will have to construct an Moral., or circular breakwater, having a diameter of 177 feet, in which the fortihea- th?1 Foil parimhT becwise it will afford ariafacti,® Bell a fray numerous friods and J? ancee throughout the Teatern diSSS"8" learn that he has been erected A a??r 80 "rtantoi A Hot Summer— -aprot return of Mr. Harpe in Government, Mr. By sridtheT1110 "8 " One swallow des not make Vlf "« "That," said Dr. Hidden jeune.> very troe, but whei we 'a which have been weated May, against every possible effbrt W j "! the Government,, namely, Sandwi? roondara, Fitaror, WarnramiZi\ & and West Bourk., we have a lows that would seem to indiS of ably warm and unpleasant sorI "!M. hon. gentleman'' summer forffi, Harrow. -r-Our correspondent -"The usual annual meeting oftfeV1 Cncket Club was "held on Mon!?9"0 the Hermitage Hotel, when iSS" the number present, and the at the meeting, the H.C.C. seemaU"® to retain the laurels which season The club is, financial - peroua Btate, the hon. uecrew showing a good balance in hmdTS "W only one match had been l«£ playtrf larf sermon, a statement oei.ved with cheers. Mr. D Pa "" elected president, Mr. R. r "a vice- president, and Mr. D. W elected hon. secretary. Grot U expressed at the loss the drib ironSt " in the departure of Mr. JaW tLT who for many years has captamedffif row cricketers, and rt was decided hT him with a aotnenir, in the formrf?®1 mounted bat. The proceedCffi Mortgages of Selection- po selector fells into arrears of WthTZf® " str'ifi'srar"? mortgagee's knowledge. The Land Tax Comhissiokv,,. Wednesday reduced an estate of 12 J? in the county of Normanbv, hdd tm? Acknowledgement. — lb i t Dickens, treasurer of the n._... requests us to acknowledge the amiuS. received from Mr. W. Clapham, thea-Sv1 of the Shire of Portland. ®hq The Treasurership.— Major fimfti having so far piloted the budgi through their preliminary stara, jTw has now taken over the dntia of Ttt and will for the future act in thstT ment as well as in that of the Chief Seaauy The Extermination of ILbhr- It appears from information recent? cl. mitted to the South Australian Psriaw by Mr. G. W. Goyder. the sarveyoMami that the work of rabbit destractioa SS proceeded with in that colony in the rot erpeditiona and mnmrarfnl Tmntr- two parties, each composed of ens kodlS six ordinary men, or where practicable, d five men and. two boys, are nowamlmi and their work has been so effectas that Mr Goyder reports that "Where ffionmdsif rabbits were visible prior to the Covenment parties being employed, but few are en now. " All -kinds -of means have been med for the destruction of the rabbits, viz., bin, phide of carbon in the borrows, guns dm, waddies, nets, traps, Ac., outside. TheiJ of each party , is estimated at JE61 ft 10d per month, and the actual expenditure during tie last ten months has been about £9100. An additional £10,000 has been placed upon tb Estimates for 1879-80. Messrs. Robertson Brosl' Caitie — Private advices from Colac go to shovtbii the determination arrived at by Mean. Robertson Bros, mot to hold any more nnnnal sales of Hereford cattle is much deplored there. Well, we can felly understand tih that is the case, for ever since Berryiem hu been rampant, the competition at the she has fallen off Victorian landowners, sot knowing what they had to expect, did ' bid anything like so spiritedly u fonneuv, and foreign bnyera thus having it all the: own way, got pore-bred cattle at pica raj little above what they would have beer called upon to pay for ordinary breeds 01 course Messrs. Robertson Bros, could not stand by and see their splendid beasts sicri< ficed— better for them to sell fewer, and it satisfactory prices ; hence their detamina- tion to go in f or private instead of public esls. Their resolve, however, will make thousand! of pounds difference in the annus! expendi ture at Colac, as wealthy persons came from every part of the compass to attend the public sales, champagne Sowed like water, no price was deemed too high to pay for ac commodation, and, in fact, the town end dis trict held high holiday for days previous and subsequent to the sale. The Legion of Honor— In addition to the award of the Gold Medal (L'Academic Nation- ale), and also the Silver Medal, awarded to John Brinsmead A Sons, of Wigmorwtieet, London, for the superiority of the Hmo Exhibited tar them last year at the Paris Eibfldtiori, the founder of tire fixm has been created Chevalier of the Legion of Honor, this distinction bemg conferred on no other British Pianoforte Mian- facturer. 