TOWN TALK. Reuter'a" commercial telegram to-day an nounces the continued favorable condition of the money market, which augurs well for the floating of the Victorian loan. The polling for the West Bourke elec tion takes place to-day, and we have made arrangements to receive telegrams as promptly as possible of the returns. . It is generally believed that Mr Alfred Deakin, the Liberal candidate, will head'the poll bv a considerable majority, but the Oonserva tivcB are making a great: effort to bring about an opposite result. Mr Deakin is an > able man and clever journalist, and his retnrn will undoubtedly add strength to the Liberal party. A supplement to the Government Gazette, issued last eveningT" contained" a proclama- | tion: by His' Excellency the Governor fur ther proroguing the re-assembling of Parlia-' ment from the 22nd inst., the date prs viously fixed, until Friday, ~ tho 4th April next..:.'" ' -. • The first sales of colonial wool of the past season's clip commence to-day in London. The following ships from Geelong have reached home in time foi^ their cargoes to be included in these sales :—Slievemore, Ben Crnachan, and Jerusalem. Shippers will not have long :to wait before' they receive news by cable of the opening prices. ; " By arrangement between the Government of Victoria and New South Wales, the re -ward for the capture of the Mansfield mur derers, alive or dead, has been increased to '£8000. The Government of New South Wales will pay half this amount, and our own Government the remainder. The" presentation to Lady Bowen by the ladies of Victoria takes the shape of a tiara of diamonds costing £400. Our Melbourne correspondent gives a full description of this interesting souvenir, which will be presented to Lady Bowen on Thursday next. It was rumored yesterday evening that the wife of a small farmer living near the Wer ribee, had eloped with ber husband's man servant, and had taken £50 in cash belonging to her hitherto lord and master. The ocean steamer Garonne arrived at Adelaide on Sunday. We notice by the passenger list that Mr Thomas Hawkes and family are on their way, back to.Geclong, after spending more than twelve months in England. A telegraph office is now open at Drouin for public business. The following telegram has been received at the Melbourne office from the Postmaster General, "Adelaide" Galle, I2th.—Assam left 5 p.m., 7th ; Tanjore arrived 5 p.m., 12th." ' ' A summons case, the first that has taken "place in Geelong under the'SSth section of the Pawnbrokers Act, was heard at the Police Court yesterday morning. An old woman, named Harrison, found a gold watch and offered it for pledge to Mr Crawconr, pawnbroker, under the assumed name of Allen, the woman also stating, with the evi dent intention of misleading, that the watch belonged to her daughter, having been given to the latter as a present. Mr Crawcour, on looking at his list, found a description of the article under the head of "lost," and he gave information to the police. The true story was that a Miss Holdsworth had lost .the watch and advertised for it, offering a reward. The offence was that the woman made false representations to the pawn broker, and the maximum penalty for this is three months' imprisonment. The defendant proved, but a sorry trickster, as she told the police that she only wanted a few shillings, whereas the reward which Miss Holdsworth intended to give, and did subsequently give, was £1. A sentence of seven days' imprison ment was inflicted. On Sunday evening an accident happened to Dr. Pincott, who, when attending service at "Christ Church, was suddenly called to attend a patient residing at Ashby. Mr Smith, the railway contractor, drove up in a buggy to the church. The doctor got into the conveyance, and,- along with Mr Smith, drove' off in the vehicle, but: before it had travelled far one of the axles of the buggy broke, and • both occupants were thrown to the ground.. Beyond receiving sundry scratches, the doctor and Mr Smith, were very little the-worse for the accident. Daring chnrch Hoars on Sunday evening the house of a carter named John Middleton, in Albert-street, Ashby, was broken into. When Mra Middleton returned from chnrch I she felt for a candlestick which had been left I on the table, but it having been removed j suspicion was at once' entertained that the ' house had been entered. A search disclosed ! the fact that all the rooms had been ran sacked, but the only things missed were a j silver watch and chain, two gold brooches, one with a stone set in the centre, and a 1 'couple of gold rings with stones in the centre. From the fact that the kitchen window and door were open, it is thought that the thief entered by the window and made his exit by the door. , ~ A thirteen years old native of Sydney named William Taylor, who was arretted [ last -week at Meredith oil a charge of stealiuo a watch from a farmer's house at Clarendon" was sentenced at the Police Court yesterday I to six hours' detention in gaol, and from I thence to-be sent to the Reformatory for three years. The boy informed the Bench, in answer to questions, that he ran away from his stepfather, who is a gardener at | Sydney, because he beat him. He worked his passage to Melbourne on one of the steamers, and he stole the watch to pay his ' way up the country. It is probable that the i police at Sydney will be reqnosted 'to use efforts to find the lad's stepfather, in order ' that he may be compelled to contribute to I . the boy s support in the Reformatory. The Board appointed to enquire into the I escape of Martin Weiberg leave for the scene 01 the escape to-day. ' A young man named William Knight, a I butcher, whilst riding oat for orders yester day received severe braises to oae of his hands and his legs through the horse he was Tiding_ falling. Knight's injuries were at tended to at the Hospital, The house of Mr John Williams, in Albert street, Ashby, was entered by a'thief,' or I ieRrim'T ^-tUrd.ay1 n'Sht- Airs Williams ; o'clock T T" npat P«t six o clock, and returned home at half-past tern ibe back-door and window being found open M mr inspection of the premises by I Airs Williams It was discovered that the bedroom bad been ransacked, everything in the boxes having been scattered over the I a°0r'r ^c foI'owln4! articles were stolen •— A gold brooch, in the shape of vine leaves with a stone id the centre ; two silver shawl i pas, one with a Scotch pebble set in the i entre; a pair of gold earrings, vine leaf pat tern • tvro silver watch chains, one an Albert • I a gold chaintwo gold keeper rings • a' I meerschaum pipe, in case; and 7s fid'in ' money. The thief, in the hurry, ao doubt overlooked a half-sovereign which was lyin-'. alongside the silver. The residence of Mr S- levien, in Latrobe- I errace,. was sold on Monday by Mr G H Bowman, auctioneer, for the sum of £925 A case showing how excessive drink will transform a quiet, hardworking man into a I dangerous madman, was beard at the Police Court yesterday, when a middle-aged man named Charles Murphy, a splitter at Port . rlmgton, was charged by Sergeant Hall of I Queenscliffe; with lunacy, a! notifi^ 'ast ' week by our Qneensoliffe correspondent the ' man rushed into the Qneensoliffe lock-un and pointed a gun at the Seraeant TO). closed with him, and during the smuggle I the weapon went off, and its contents were lodged m_ the roof. The prisoner, who f described by Sergeant Hall as being in a frenzy of madness, then drew a butcher's rnfe and rnshed at his opponent, who, find ing the situation rather dangerous nm„ti I rapped him under the ear with the butt end of the gun for his own safety On h„ secured the man affirmed that "thedevf fn Court trAVl0it-" SerS6aat Moated m Court that, the prisoner was, when sober a hardworking, industrious man, hut when ever he took drink he became infuriated d ° 1 k°0C-aBI011 Jje iVaa in tha terrors from I drink, having run across a lake for t ®'IC8".nde.r tha Impression that the devU was following him.: The nrism,,.. ' manded for leven days. ^ re' •Tlie following entries were received yester day for the Gcelong Handicap SwimmiDg Match,' which takes place at the Eastern Baths on the 25th instant:—J. M'Ncill, J. Jamieson,'D. M'Croric, A. Sibley, J. D.Web ster, V. Pearson, F. W. De Little, B. M. Nicholson, W. M'Donald, F. M. Douglass, W. Montgomery; and J. Irvine, all of Geeloug ; W. J. M.'Indoe, E. 'f. Hodgson, and T. G. Kicbardson, oE.Melbourne; E. A. Bennett, A. Bennett, 0. Turnbull, and W. .Tliurling, of Ballarat. The anniversary of the Shelford Primitive Methodist Sabbath-school was celebrated on the 9th and 11th inst. -A sermon was I preached on the Sunday evening .to ai crowded congregation, and the usual tea meeting was held on the following Tuesday evening, when the children gave a large number of recitations and dialogues. • Jhe musical portions of the service were rendered by the scholars, under the conductorship of Miss L. Hunt, who presided at the organ in a very. efficient manner, and the way in ■which the hymns were sung and the recita tions given reflected much credit upon Messrs Bawson and C. Hunt, who had the training of them. ' From our Sandhurst exchanges we learn that a bov named William Wheelwright, whilst swimming in the Great Extended Hustler's Company's dam on Saturday after noon, was suddenly seized with cramp, and would have heen drowned but for the meri torious conduct of two lads, named Bait and Charles, who swam to his assistance. At Strathlieldsaye, a horse belonging to: Mr Myers, master of the State School, was mali ciously wounded by some person unknown. The animal's near fore leg was found to be outright through below the knee, and was only hanging by abont two inches of skin. One of the" loVers who lives in the lazar camp, Ballarat, expired on Sunday after noon;, after suffering for many years from the. horrible disease with which he was afflicted. A lad named Edward Walker, 17 years of. age,' living in Brunswick, was admitted .to the Melbourne Hospital on Saturday, suffer-, ing from an injury to his head, and insen sible. He had been thrown from a horso at the Essendon Jtnces. A meeting of persons favorable, to the sug gestion that an effort should be mado to in fluence the Italian Government to confer upon Signor liicciotti Garibaldi"(now in the public service of Victoria) the consular ap pointment vacant by the death of Chevalier Luigi Marinucei, will bo held in the Mel bourne Town-hall at half-past four o'clock this afternoon. A Wagga Wagga' telegram to tho Argusf dated Saturday, says:—"The body of a woman was found in the river to-day, and has not been identified. At the inquest an open verdict was returned.—Patterson, the i man who stuck np the hawker, Stone, has been committed for trial." The police are now engaged (the Herald | reports) " making out the necessary sum monses, etc.,. for the trial of the men sup posed to he guilty of an attempt at embracery in re the Henry trial, bat it is not judged expedient at present to state the names. Referring to the escape of Weiberg, a cor respondent, writing to the Gippsland Jl/er C'"T1, asks if he did not get away at 4t o'clock m the morning, and whether the officials did not first see him after they were aroused by a man who' was staying in the hnt ? An Argus telegram from Brisbane says that James Quian, a miner, was killed in the E"ew Zealand reef, George Town. He was ascending a shaft, when the bucket came off the hook at 60ft., and Qainn fell to tho bot tom, receiving the fall force of the shot which he had jnst ignited. We learn tjiat Abley, the pedestrian, who lately walked at Southey's Hotel, has accom plished at Ballarat his feat of walking 200 miles within fifty hoars. He started on a long journey at half-past 11 o clock, on Thursday night at the Alfred Hall, and at five minutes to 12 on Saturday night had com pleted the last mile. The Ince board of enquiry sat at Parlia ment House yesterday. They were some what in doubt (the Herald says) how to approach the business,, and decided to ex amine Mr Baker, Chief Clerk of the Assem bly. This gentleman sent word that he could not attend without the sanction of the Speaker, to obtain which the enquiry was adjourned until Tuesday. The thunderstorm that was experienced at Stawcll on Monday last did not pass over without leaving its traces of damage. It was discovered on Friday (says the P. O. News) by the manager of the Leviathan crushing mill that the chimney stack had | been struck by the lightning, and was much shattered. On examination it was ascer tained that the damage was so serious a3 to necessitate the removal and rebuilding of | about twenty feet of the top portion of the brick work. The repairs will be started upon at once. A young farmer named James Thompson, a resident of Coghill's Creek, while testing a | horse at the Ballarat sale yards, fell off the dray (says the Courier), in front of one of the wheels, which came into contact with one of his thighs. The obstruction he thus became must have been too great for the horse to overcome, and the animal could not, fortu ; uately, drag the. wheel over him. Had it j I done so, he must have sustained such in juries as would probably have killed him ; I but as it is, he escaped with only some very j severe bruises, which will prevent his getting | about again for some time. Sir Campbell, the Australian bush mis sionary, telegraphed to the Argus from Bairnsdale on Saturday on the subject of the | bushrangers :—" 1 to-day sent a communi cation to the Victorian Government, advis I ing that a telegraphic request be made for the loan of three far western black trackers, who, I feel certain, are brave and reliable. I have also suggested that the up-country Hanks should have one armed paid watch man patrolling outside in the neighborhood of each bank, and that the Government should swear-in at once up-country private individuals as special constables trained to the use of revolvers." George Buruham, night watchman, when j returning to his home at Emerald Hill, on ■Sunday morning, shortly after 5 o'clock, noticed a coat and pair of boots lying on the ] edge of the new wharf that is now being constructed on the south bank of the river. Opon searching the pockets (says the Age) he discovered therein a gold watch and albert chain, valued at £40. Burnham placed the property in the hands , of the Emerald Hill police, who are endeavoring to | find an owner for the articles. It is conjec tured that the property may form a clue to an act of suicide. A couple of mariners (records the Courier) and two boys came to grief .when sailing on Lake Wendouree on Sunday afternoon. One of these men of the sea was lying on deck, and just as the helmsman was luffing up the vessel preparatory to landing his crew at the gardens, the recumbent one rolled overboard, and clinging to the side of the skiff as he went, he capsized her, and the remainder of the crew perforce joined him in a dip in the lake. Though in .what is considered the deep part pf Wendouree, the unfortunates managed to feel the ground, and breathe the pure air of heaven at the same time; so, after righting the boat, they got to land without any further mishap. It is reported that their next nautical manoeuvre was to "splice the main brace." A frightful case of fratricide (reports last ! night's Herald) occurred yesterday (Sunday) morning at the little township of Yarra wonga, situated on the Victorian bank of | the Murray, about "forty miles down the river from here. In the neighborhood of | Yarrawonga, two brothers, named James and Thomas Hogan, some time since took | up adjoining selections, which .-they pro ceeded to occupy and cultivate. Some ill-feeling, however, has existed between them, and Thomas has been heard to declare that he would shoot his brother James. On Saturday night they were, in Yarrawouga looking after a raffle'in which both were interested. They quarrelled over the result, but nothing serious occurred that night, and they went off liorac to their, selections. Yesterday morning they re turned to the townBbip, and Thomas was then carrying a loaded gun. In the town ship they quarrelled again, and Thomas, - raising the gun suddenly, when qnite close to his brother, fired, and lodged the contents in his left breast. James immediately fell and expired. At the time the. shot was fired the muzzle was so close to the breast of the murdered man that his clothes took fire, | | and the body was considerably burnt, j i Thomas Hogan was arrested on a charge of i wilfully murdering his ■ brother James, and was lodged in the locql lock-up. The Argus, notwithstanding the contra diction of the Age, insists that the Govern ment is drawing upon the banks in anticipa tion of the lean. It says :—" The Govem .roeiit has been drawing upon the banks for £SO,000 per month for the last three mouths, making a total of nearly a quarter of a mil lion in all. These advances are obtained in anticipation of the new loan. The'Govern ment also desires to raise money on tho security of tho debentures into which the 4 per,cent.- stock has been converted, and1 a meeting of bank managers was held within the last few days to deal with the proposal. Every desire was manifested to assist the Government, but in consequence of the in creasing stringency of the money market it Was found necessary to ask for an alteration of the terms and conditions originally named. Here the matter rests for the present. We mention these details because an absoW, I"1 contradiction was given to our general «t.1' I i rib.)- Mm ' nf m ^ ment that the state of the Treasury compelling the Government to carry gotiations for a loan from the banks." The crowded attendance each evenia? the Mechanics' Institute is a suOici(,nl*' rantee of the . genuineness of Mr 1 Read's spectral entertainment, whicl^ about the cleverest yet exhibited in Gee]J! The performances are of a highly interest? and amusing character, and are as my^ rious as they arc wonderful. As usual u. Phantom ChristyB, in their solos, due.' choruses and breakdowns, were last cvenia most enjoyable, and the "Parsesin ^ of bis Wife" created a constant simgg of merriment, whilst the midnight revE]3 the ghosts in the Haunted House fahlytj, ried- the audience by storm. Jlr I spirits, which appear at times in very ^ I stantial and elegantly-dressed forms, c®vt ! tnte unmistakably a highly amusing | tainment, and to be appreciated they ^ | he seen and heard. There will be fresh ! ! tractions this and every evening during fc, f week, and on Saturday afternoon scto-j i children and others who cannot well sit^i at night will have an opportunity o[ witness ing the extraordinary performances. We notice by advertisement in anotha I column that Mr William Holdea, grocery! Moorabool-street, has assigned,his cats1,. t -■ Mr Henry Bannister, accountant, for benefit of-the creditors of Mr Holden. Air John "Waugh, Pastor Chiniqny's | iry, visited the town during yesterday, a^ 1 called upon some of tbe leading clergymen nj I merchants, with the view of forming a m>. 1 mittee for the pastor's reception, and at aj,^ I liminnry meeting held at the Young Iky, I Christian Association Rooms, it wis decide | that a meeting be called by advertisement fj Wednesday evening, to make more deEjy strrangements. >; Received, from Messrs Mason, TMhsrif v'S| M'Cutcheon, printers and publishers, boom: and II of Euclid, by Messrs H. M. Anfe, ALA., and-P. J. Pirani, ALA., O.E. Tg p V--? puhiication is one of the Australian Gramirg ; School series. 