EXCURSION TRAINS TO THE EX HIBITION. The reply given by Mr. "Woods to the depu tation which waited on him yesterday with reference to tlio matter of running excur sion trains at cheap rates to Sandhurst from the various coutres periodically during the exhibition will be read with considerable surprise, and, we venture to say, no small amount of indignation also, by the local public. It will be observed from our re port that the deputation, which consisted of the mayor of the city, and Messrs. R. Clark and M'lntyre, JLs.L.A., first requested that trains might be run to SandhurHt at special rates, to enable mombers of the Eight Hours' Association in distant parts to visit the city, in order that they might join in tho anniversary celebration of tho associa tion on the 21st inst., and at the same time have an opportunity of viewing the Indus trial Exhibition. The application was in every sense a reasonable one, and until Mr. Wooda gave his reply, it was regarded almost as a certainty that the desired con cession would lie immediately granted. But the anticipation, it seems, was altogether wrong, for Mr. Woods has peremptorily de clined to afford any facilities to the members of tho association to visit Sandhurst on the occasion in question. This, at least, i3 practically what the answer given by Mr. Woods to the deputation means, for tho Commissioner must know very well that his offer to carry the visitors at holiday excursion fares—conditionally on a sufficient number intimating their inten tion to avail themselves of the " privi lege "—cannot be accepted. As Mr. Clark remarked, the payment of " holiday exeur sion fares," to members of the association residing at Ballarat, Geelong, Stawell, and other distant localities, would mean simpl} that they would have to devote almost a week's wages to railway expenses alone, and Mr. Woods ought not to require to be told that the condition of the working men in the colony at the present time is not 30 prosperous ;i3 that they can afford to expend such an amount of money in the luxury of a railway ride. It would have been far more straightforward on tho part of the Minister if lie had plainly stated that I10 had 110 sympathy whatever either with the Eight Hours Association or the object of the deputation, and refused at once to consider tho request preferred. In tlio second proposal made to iho Minister tliat similar facilities should be afforded to tho q.du!t atid juvenile re sidents of other towns to visit the Sand hurst Exhibition aa were accorded iu connec tion with thc> Ballarat Exhibition, tho same antagonism to Sandhurst interests was dis played by ]Mr. Woods. In this case he promised that juveniles, " with a few udults to look after them," would bo permitted to trayfci lit f.he special rates which wore fixed in connection v.-ith tl;e Ballarat Exhibition. Adults generally, the hen. gentleman left it opea to be inferred, would'have to pay t;jo ordinary fares, ]\row. v,'o a-i'e entitled tq ;isk why this glaring distinction should be made in the cases of Ballarat and Sandhurst, Ba.lla.rat, we knov>-, is the home and abiding piace of an illustrious member of the pre sent Government, and its remaining repre sentatives havo proved themselves trusty tnjil over faithful followers of the party," whilst the members for Sandhurst, oa the other haud, have, 03 occasion required and opportunity offered, taken to themselves the liberty of exercisir.tr their ovrn discretion. J with a result not always pleasing to j •.i.e Government. Bur vfe submit that ! there is iii.iUiin=- in this which ihji:M | leud the Gore:-umeut, or any individual j member of it. to treat the residents of Sandhurst in the grossly unfair manner which Mr. Woods now seems bent on doing. Yet -.re can divine no other cause from which j could arise the determination iu regard to the running of special trains to the exhibi tion which tiie hon. gentleman announced yesterday. Certainly, Mr. Woods himself assigned a reason. He assigned r.vo rea sons, indeed, bat the only !>oint which strikes one as re:i!ly meriting notice in cou nection with them is that ihey are as oppv> siio as the poles, ana .is irrelative one to the other as the hoii. gentleman's patent brake a:id Mr. Lor.^niore's scarcely less iamo'js land regulations. Mr. Woods, in the first place, gave the deputation to under stand that his disinclination to accede to their request arose from the fear that a loss of revenue might ensue, or. to quote the report, he said the running of excursion trains to the Bailarat exhibition was '• :: mistake,''" which, as we interpret the remark, amounts ;o the same thins. It this be his meaning; Vis feel «ure he was mistaken, for j we Lave a divines recollection of reading that t-he exsursion trips then made had re- j suited, ia a very considerable gain to the department. And there is every reason to believe that if a similar concession were made in the ease of Sandhurst, a similarly satisfactory result would ensue. The second " reasan" assigned was even more absurd than the first. He could no; consent to special fares for adults, being unwilling to do anything which might bo construed into a precedent for the International Exhibition." Even if Mr. Woods weri asked to establish a precedent of the character indicated, we should hesitate be fore saying that he had takou any very wrong step in granting compliance with the re quest. But he ii not asked to do anything of the sort. The " precedent'' which ; the hon. gentleman professes such a strenuous desire to avoid has a?xeadv been established by the running of special trains to the Ballarat Exhibition. 2Ir. Woods is exceedingly inconsistent in his ideas wit:i regard to this precedent business, too. If he believes precedents are always to be ob served as guidances, how can he refuse to allow the same privileges to Sandhurst as lie did a few months since to Ballarat 1 Or if he has any desire at all to accommodate the wishes of the Sandhurst public, what is there to prevent him from granting the con cession desired "without prejudice" to his futurd administration of the affairs of his department, either with reference to the International Exhibition, or any other exhi bition ! We hope the hou. gentleman may yet lie induced to reconsider his decision in thia m&ttor.; Cnov.'DEU Oct.—Our report of the proceed ings of ihc Cour: of Mines yesterday is unavoid ably held over. C.usLLGKAii^.—At a late hour this morning eo:ne important cable messages reached us, which will be found elsewhere. Tub Diamond Deill.—Oar Melbourne cur respondent, writing last nigh;., says:—Tiio arrangements of the Mining Department with regard to the Sandhurst diamond drill are still somewhat unsettled. I: seem= that it has been decided not to accept the proposal to sink another hole on the claim o:i wuich the drill has hitherto been working (the Great Southern), or, at all events, not to accept such proposal upon the terms mentioned by the company, and I understand that there are some thoughts of removing the machine away from Sandhurst altogether. In the meantime, however, the directors of another Sandhurst company are desirous of having the use of tile drili. and will, I beiieve, have an interview with tiie Minister or Secretary of Mints un the subject to-morrow. Xrruoiu Fkver.—We are informed that tj'phoid fever is prevalent in many parts of the district, and cas-s are reported where tile disease has appeared iu its moss virulent form, when it is known as typhus fever. The ailment is mo3t common when tiie seasons are about changing, atmospheric influence acting towards its propagation. A correspondent, writing on the subject, says:—"It may not be generally known that there is a cheap and etiieaeious si.ecific for the disease which is both preventive and curatiro. This is carbonate of ammonia, which is an exhilarating s-timulant. The dose for aa adult i3 from 5 to 10 grs., taken irc ijuomiy, aud for » child 3 or 4 grs." The Comitlsort Clal-si:.—A meeting of parents who failed to Send their children to school the stipulated number of days during the p.ut quarter, was he'd at the East Sandhurst state School. Quarry Hill, last evening. The meeting wa3 convened by tiie truant inspector (Mr. Sibley) for the purpose of giving the de faulters an opportunity of explaining tiie cause of non- compliance with the requirements of the act. There were a large number of parents in attendance, and the excuses offered were of the usual varied character. In several of the case:: a month was allowed in order that it might, be • tea rrhether there would be any improvemenr. in the attendance of the children, and in some other cases summonses will be issued. The de partment is evincing a determination to have the compulsory clause stringently enforced, and pareut3 who desire to avoid the unpleasantness of being summoned tr> the poiice court, will du well to send their children regularly to dclio^l. D>:.vni fp.um Diphtiikkia.—Intelligence wad received by the coroner yesterday morning that a boy named Henry Uoth Herman, eight yeara old, had died at Gunbower, it was suspected, from diphtheria. The body had been brought to Kohuoa, and as uo doc:or had been attending tho deceased, Mr. Strickland deemed an in quest neee-sary, and for that purpose Wft Sand hurst by the train le.tvins fur Edition shor:Ij' before noon. From the evidence of Frederick Julius llrrman, farmer, father of the boy, it appeared that about a fortnight since the de ceased cmight cold, but recovered, and wad able to go to so hool, a distance of four miles. On Wednesday last he complained of weakness and headache, and was k'jpt home from school, ami had rhubarb and magnesia administered to him. On Thursday the boy became feverish, and his throat began to swell, and other symptoms of diphtheria monifeste 1 themselves. Other re medies were used without efb.-ct, and ou Mon day deceased became much worse, and gradually sank, and expired in his mother's arms cn Tues day morning about half.p.ist four o'clock. The ne-ircst doctor was at Ivjiiuca, 30 miles nwav. Dr. O'Hara, of Echuca, testified that the ciu'se of death wasdiphtheritic croup, aud a verdict ••vas returned to that, eti'ect bv the jury. Deputations.—The Commissioner of I'.ail ways and Minister of Public Works were waited upou yesterday by a deputation from Sand hurst, with regard to various important matters. A report of the proceedings appears else-.vhere. ,To-Day's Police Court Bl^ixess.—The charge-shoot wiil bo a heavy one to-day at the City Police Conrt, as there are no less than mx remanded eases to come on for hearing. There is one case of alleged stubbing, three larcenies, and two assault cases, besides the ordinary business, PICNIC AT THE SHEEPWASH TANNERY.-Not- withstanding the apparent unfitness of the weather yesterday for picnicing, a very enjoyable day was spent bv the employés of Mr. J. H. Abbott, Pall Mall, at the tannery, Sheepwash Creek, where they were entertained in honor of Mr. Richard Abbott's 21st birthday. Shortly after ten o'clock, business having been entirely sus- pended at their establishments here and at Echuca, the employés proceeded in cabs to the Sheepwash, where a cricket match was played —Tannery v. Factory—resulting in a victory for the former. Various sports, including foot- ball, quoits, handball, etc., were indulged iu during the morning and afternoon, winding up with a dinner of which about 60 partook in the rolling-shed, which had been tastefully deco- rated with flowers and evergreens. The health of Mr. R. Abbott was proposed by Mr. Lewis, and suitably responded to. "Success to the tannery and boot factory," was proposed and responded to by Mr. Wittman, on behalf of the tannery, and by Mr. Simpson, on behalf of the factory. Numerous songs were sung, and the party returned to Sandhurst, well pleased with their outing. It is pleasing to record such re- unions as this, where the employer and em- ployed meet together for the purposes of mutual enjoyment, and it is a pity that occurrences of the kind are not more generally heard of. " Thi; Mklbouekk Revikw."—We have re ceived the current number of the iftlbouru-'. lie v'ikic. It contains a number of very interesting article.-, amon^at which we notice "P"Ht'cil partie3 in Victoria," a rejoinder by Mr. iv Langton to the article published in the previ^uj number by JudsejBouuAiit, of South --Vustriilia; " The modc-rn pulpit," by the liev. W. W, Fitchett; "The laud riuei'tion iu New Zealand and in Victoria," by *\V. W. Carlisle; "Two theories for the K'orking of hi camera! Lvsisla tures," by .Misa C. H. Spenee; anil " Expo* riencej during the siege of Plevna," (part *2) by Or. Charles Ilyan. \Ve intend taking an early opportunity ot noticing the JUv'uw at greater length, • " " Xs2 I;::c-~yr Psrss Fight.—Larrrence Foley, J-'."ms Mace, and John Thotup^B, yesterday appeared at the DeniHqsin Court of Potij St-i.02 remand frcra Sydney, to aaJircr iho uf i:avias- committed a ursach ei Vs* I'vios ia connection with the late prize Sght. -Messrs. Giilot, wf Melbourne, and M*ac2\3mar», of Deuiliqaia, appeared for the defence. Ai was expected, au application was tr.ado by the police for 3 remand to Moama, and the applica tion -sv:>_s granted. The case vrill ba prcceedcJ '.vith at the latter place to-day. Inspection" of Vixetards.—Messrs. Crica tou and Woinarski (inspectors of vineyards! vesteni-iy visited the Upper Builock Creek, but discovered no traces of the p'r^Uox-ra vu.'tiitnx. To-day they will visit the Mosquito CrceS, anil to-morrow they wi'.l go to Lower Bul'ock Creek and Myers' Flat. Eastkr Holidays.—The following are the holiday arrangements i:i connection with the local post ami teli-ymjih ciiiocs:—Good Friday (to-morrow )—Oi'rices to be closed the s.mie as 011 Sun-lay. Monday. 1 It la instant—I't-stolncc window.; close a: 1(3 a.m.; one delivery only will be made by letter-carriers at S u.m.; mails will be received and despatched as usual. The telegraph oSee will be open on Monday from S. 30 .i.n>. to 10 a.m., and from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. The banks and ail public ofices will be closed to-morrow. Ms. A. G. M'Intyre, B. A.—Yesterday Mr. A. G. M'Xniyre, son of Mr. J. M'lntvre, M.L.A., made his first appearance as a tr.rrister at-i:i\v in the Court of Mines. He appeared in connee::'".'! with Mr, M'Deruitfts in thd eass of the S-j-aih Alliance G. M. Company, for settling the list of eontributories, and although he had no opportunity of addressing the court, ho rendered valuable assistance to his leader in other ways. Cosckrt at Goldes Sqcaee.—A vocal and instrumental concert under the patronage of C"urc Pride of the Forest, A.O.F., for the pur pose of forming a benevolent fuml, was held ]:L5t evening at the Forester's Hall, Golden Suunre. The attendance was good, and the | performance went off smoothly and well. The foiio'.vii.g lady and gentlemen amatenri gftre their valuable assistance:—The Misses Jcnkiai, | Pickering, and Gaff"; and Messrs. Carss, Devine, \ Bailes, and Francis. Miss Morris presided at tile piano, and besides performing the evgrture credi:ably, played the accompaniment! for the vocalists. Afwr tiio concert dancing was ia duiged in for some time. Accidents. — A man named John Glen, 40 years of age, a resident of the White Hills, was admitted to the Bendigo Hospital yesterday suffering from a fracture to the clavicle, bruises on the head and shoulders, which he sustained by a fall from a horse. A little girl, 3 years of age, named Bridget Green, from Corop, was also admitted yesterday, with one finger cut off, and three others very severely crushed. The parents of the little sufferer are unable account for the accident in any way. The Hospital Surgeons.—At the monthly meeting of the committee of management of the above institution, held last evening, a letter was read from the resident surgeon (Dr. Hinch- cliff), resigning his appointment, as he intends starting private practice. One month's notice was given, but the doctor stated that he would remain in charge until such time as his suc- cessor was appointed, and that the institution would always have his good wishes and assist- ance when required. Dr. Thomson, the as- sistant surgeon, also resigned, as his appoint- ment was very unsatisfactory, and he had ac- cepted another. The committee received the resignations, and decided to hold a special meeting on the 17th instant, to decide what steps should be taken to replace the medical staff. Several other matters were dealt with, which will be found referred to in the report of the meeting. St. Fkieh's Chlfiich Akt Okiox—It has been delinitely decided tliat the drawing iu connection with the above art onion shall tuk» place pro rata to-day, in the Town Hail, Eagle iui-.vk, commencing at two o'clock. The com mittee met yesterday, and made all the arrange ment;) in connection with the drawing. Till; Weathlr.—Sandhurst and the sur rounding district has again been blessed with a copious downpour of rain, which cannot fail to by of inestimable benefit. Yesterday the morn ing opened gloom}', and threatening rain, but it was not till noun that the storm which was brewing burst in all its fury. Tho rain e*ins down about that time in a periect deluge, and lasted nearly half an hour, filling the street, channels to overflowing. The storm seemed to take a direction from north-west to south- east, as in the ranges to the west of Sandhurst the fall of rain was something out of the common, swelling the creeks and rivulets to an extent which has no: been noticed for fully a twelvemouth. Oal Marong way, Builock Creek was running strongs and at Strathfieldsave, the Sheepwash and Emu creeks were running bank high, and had the rain lasted much longer we should hava had aouirt complaints a-bout flooding from the farmers in the neighborhood. A lew slight showers fell afterwards, but they were scarcely worth mentioning. After dark the nigh? was cloudy and more rain seems to be about. The B-_-ndigo Creek had more water running in it yesterday than there has been at. any time sine* the il»;od on Good Friday last }*ear. Ax Explanation.—\Ve have receired a letter from "The person in charge of the gas at the Exhibition" with reference to the matter of the bursting of Mr. Paul's lamp on Monday even ing. Our correspondent says that the lamp burst, and fell to the floer before he touched it in any way. He states that he did not hit and smash the lamp with a stick, bat only en deavored, with the aid of the rod and pincers used for turning off the gas, to screw the tap attached to the lamp aud by shutting off the gas extinguish the ilames. ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.—A farrier named James M'Kenna, who had brought in some cattle from Wild Duck, which he sold and got the money for on Tuesday, afterwards got on the spree with a young man named James Callaghan, at the Royal Oak Hotel. They stopped there drinking for some time, and M'Kenna, as is a common practise with countrymen when they get too much drink, flashed his money in a very foolish fashion. From this they went to Fenton's Hotel, on the M'Ivor road, when M'Kenna get very drunk. The landlord of the hotel, it is stated, noticed Callghan take M'Kenan out side, and saw him put his hand in the drunken man's pocket. Callaghan then brought M'Kenna into the hotel again, and put him to bed, after which he left. The landlord, suspecting the movements of Callaghan, went into M'Kenna's room, and searched his pockets, when he found that the man's purse had been torn open and £9 abstracted, £2 in notes and some silver being left in it. The matter was reported to the police authorities the same evening, but M'Kenna was so drunk that no action could be taken till yesterday, when Callaghan was arrested by Constable Thosnpson, and will be brought up at the City Police Court this morning on a charge of assault and robbery. Thk Cot'icr ok Minim.—The vrhole of tie time of iho court yesterday was occupied in hearin:* an application in re the South Alliance Ciuld Mining Company. It was to erase the name of C. .J. Brown, the manager of the com pany, from the list of coiuributoriea, and to substitute curtain other names of othsr shareholders, on the ground that the calls, forfeiture, and sale of certain shares wore bad, and- that the shares, amounting to G, 125, had been put up for sale by the company, and knocked down to. C. J. Brown on behalf of the company, for whom he held them in trust. It waa argued that up to tiie making of the sixth call the proceedings were perfectly legal, but that the siith and eighth" calls were improperly made, the for feiture and subsequent Eale was a nullity, and that therefore the. names of the origiual shareholders, prior to such for feiture and sale should he placed on the list of contributories, atid held liable, ijr, Helm appeared for the liquidator (Mr, Ha3ker), and Messrs. A'Beckett, M'Dermott, M'lutyre, and Thompson opposed the application. The case was most ably argued by the counsel engaged in it, and is a very .important one, inasmuch as a similar one has never bsen tried baforo, and the result is anxiously looked for by a large number of mining specula tors, who may have had shares forfeited and bought in, in other companies in a similar manner. The case Wis not concluded, and at the rising of the court at 5.30 p.m. it was agreed that the further hearing should be postponed uutil the next court. This dceision was arrived at in consequence of the severe illness of Mr. C. J. Brown, the late manager, who ia required to prove certain things in connection with the minute book and share register. He was sent for yesterday, and had to be carried into court, and although examined it was evident he was Buffering greatly during the time lie was endeavoring to attend to the business of the court. Certain facts were e'.icitcd from him, but after he had gone it transpired that it would be necessary to re-call him. His Honor and the counsel engaged in the case, expressed great sympathy for him, but as his evidence is very material iu support of the application of the 'liquidator, on account of the original books having beei> destroyed at the lire at the Beehive in August, 1871, and those produced lining only from that date., which opposing counsel refused t-i a !:nit unless every item was proved, the ad journment was absolutely necessary, a3 Mr. Brown was too ill to be again brought to the curt. Donation's.—The lion, treasurer of the asylum (Mr. M. Toimie, National Bank), with thanks, acknowledges receij of 10i. from Mb. E. J. MuddoX, Miller-street, in aid of the funds oftha institute, The superintendent further acknow ledge-! receipt of a pai^el of periodicals from Mn. J, VV. F.iul, \Viliiuni3on-£tre»t, for tbo u»e of the in nale.-i. Xk-.v Skasos's Deaphry.—Messrs. Thomaa Sloauu r.nil Co., at the Xe-.v Lea-i, aunounct: in our utivurtisiug aolanius that tiic-y are now ex hibiting their now season's drapery, which com prises all the- latest novelties. Sad Death.—Mrs. T. Dwyer, of the Mi Mia H0tel, near Heathcote, died on Tuesday, at her residence, three hours after having been confined. No medical man was in attendance upon the deceased, and the matter was duly re- ported to the coroner. An inquest will be held to-day by Mr. Strickland. Crrr Police Court.—Messrs. Hohr.es and Bsvno were ou the bench yesterday at this eouri. The charge of bigamy preferred :igaiust ilary Ann Womack was remanded to Wednes day, the 16th isst., on the application of Mr. Mottecam. who appeared to conduct the inoie cuv.on. iiail was aliowea m iwo sure.ies o. £'25, and cue in £50. Charles Xiblet wr.5 pro ceeded against by C-Jast.-We Kaww.r.ch J">r threatmir.g to i.\ke the life cf Jsroes }Ji::!er. at Loekwood, on tne 3rd inst. The man w.ij .::s charged, owing to the nou-aiioeunince of Kutk-r. In die debt cos--' of Hayes v. Murray, goods, £4 Oi. 7J., .111 order was made for she payment of 15s. 6a., and 5s. costs; same v. Birkley, i,roods, £0 Is. Sd., order for amount. a::d 5s. costs. The ease oi Goudge v. O'Keefe. goods, £H' 19-'. 9J., was remanded for a iveoli. -dr. M..eoi> .y appeared for the cuinpiainant, and Mr. tloru buckle for the defence. Huxtly Board or Advice.—I ne above bonra met at Bagsnot School oa Monday last. 1're- ' 6eut—Mr. F. K. Shaw (in ihe chair), Messrs. Tootell (correspondent) ana Kntherford. A letter was read from the Department, thanking the board for the manner iu which they had dealt with the rolls for the !a-t quarter; also statins: that Mr. Hamilton, of Elmore, v.-as con ducting a night school. The letter was received. Permission was granted to the Church of England Csmmittee to use the Goornong School on the 2nd May, for a tea meeting and concert. A letter was received, signed by several of the r«sidents of Goornong, asking permission to have the uss of the school for dancing after trie coneere. The board granted the request. The correspondent reported visiting the site for a new school at Reedy Creek with the insuector. The chairman reported receiving Iris, from the Ellesmero and Xolan school for entertainments; he was instructed to asceji.-un the best attendants at school from September to December qu.irter, so that the board can distribute the amount in prizes at the next visit. Joseph and hisBp.kthrbk.- Amostinteresiiug and noTul entertaiuincut is in course of prepara tion for Good Friday(to morrow) night. It will eonsist of a representation of the principal incidents in the life of Joseph, by means of a series of bsaatiful tableaux and visions effected through the medium of ilr. D'Arcy Read's wonderful risionary apparatus. An explanatory lecture will at the same time be delivered by Mr. Read, and appropriate music will be per formed throughout the evening. The enter tainment will take place at the Masonio Hall, and, from its peculiar nature, will doubtless be largely patronised. It must not be in any way aMwciatsd with the ghost exhibition, as given by Mr. D'Arcy Read. Certainly the same maauj ar» employed for the production of the ruioni, bst thia should guarantee the most ex traordinary effects. The various tableaux will ba very carefully arranged, and the costumes ar» selected from the best traditional sources. Tbo eoiiumes, alio, are entirely new. In all rMp«ati it i» tu be an entertainment of a sacred B»tum, and as luch is & decided novelty, calcu l»t«d to b« instructive, interesting and com mtadible. Pu.ilwaT CoxraRHNCK.—Referring to the pro passi railway conference to be held in Ballarat, tha Hamilton Spectator of Wednesday says :— "Y**tsrday the town of Hamilton was can raiiti for inscriptions in aid of the Ballarat Conference when the appeal was most liberally responded is, the sum of £76 13s. 6d. being realised. If the affair goes off well, it is in tended to hsld meetings at Sandhurst and other important centres." The Weiberg Inquiry Board.—The Weibenr board bad a further sitting on Tuesday, ami separated without adopting a report. There is apparently some difference of opinion, tlie report which M=»sra. Minima and Nimmo seat to Mr. Richardson not meeting, it is said, with the approval of that gentleman. The deteatives will not escape without severe idame, but Mossrs. Mirams and Ximmo are reported to be les» discriminative in their censure then their oolle&gue; approve of. Thb Collection of Statistics.—The first eaie of the kind against a landowner under the 494th.section of the Local Government Act, for refusing information relative to his landed property to the Collector of Statistics, is (the Geelong Advertiser says) likely to be brought before tlia proper Court soon. Mr. James AitcMson, the occupier of a leasehold run at Sutherland's Creek, near Wabdallah, on being applied to by the officer named, refused to give any information as to the area of his property, et-j., alleging that the information that had baea previously supplied by him had been put to » U38 not specified at the time. The Shire Council of Baunockburn discussed the matter at their m'eetins on Tuesday, thev beiuo thn bnilv required by the Act to take proceedings; and en the motien of Mr. Weber, the President, the c»i9 was ordered to be laid before the Council':) solicitor, with poirer to take action should he think the legal aspect of the question rendered such a course advisable. Tub BiruTKD Tzlsgp.ai'iiic Mistake.—The Kyntloa Guardian has the fjllowing The •telegraphic mistake of an amusing kiud which ij stated to have taken place at the Kvnctoa ; office on Friday, the 14th instant, in the trans mission of a message to Melbourne respecting Mr. Kelleher, barrister-at-law, appears to be far more serious thau was at tirst anticipated. It iraa statad in Saturday's Anjus that "a mesj≥ was sent stating that Mr. R. Winter Kalleher, barrister, was ' kept to-day, dc-wn to morrow,'but the message read 'Killed, body down So-ruorrow.' The news soon spread, and naturally oicasioned deep pain to Mr. Kellehcr'a frieijJt," It was taken for granted taat the mistake which occasioned much pain anc annoy ance to eorne of the persons concerned, was mad# by the Kvneton operator, but such was net the case. There appears to have been a deliberate attempt made by some desi^uin^' person not kindly disposed towards Mr. K«lleher's relatives to seriously annoy them. Tho facts of the case are, we understand, that * telegram &ddr;«ssed to Mr. Kelleker's sister, purporting to be signed by "Thomas Dc-olan," ivaj received at the Kyueton office shortly before noon on Friday, and transmitted, as received, to ita destination. It contained the words, " Brother killed; body down on Satur day," Trhio'n were, of course, untrue. It has beta ascertained, vre believe, that the signature rrtA a forgery, but wo are not in a position to state what afeeps are being taken to investigate tha matter. The Firs Brigades' Demonstration.—It lias been definitely settled (the Argus states) that the firs brigades' demonstration next month should take place at Beeuhworth, as originally r#eolvcd at the mooting of delegates. Several genilomen xraited upon Mr. Woods on Tuesday, and he promised that the usual facilities should be proTided by the Railway department for the eoavayanco of the men and their anoaratns. Adjcstmsnt of BocNDAiaiis,—Mr. MacBain, M.L.A., introduced the president of the St. Arziaad Shire Council (Mr. Aitken) to the Minister of Public Works ou Tuesday, tiio inter* view having reierence to an adjustment of boundaries which had been delayed pending a division of the Swan-hill shire, upon the for mation of a new shire to be called Moorboonabil. Mr. Patterson promised that the matter should receive attention at as early a date as possible. —Argu'.. The Bo.rd.er D.cties.—rThe Hon. Peter L,iIor has returned to Melbourne fro:n New S-T:tii \Y?.U=, and has put Ilia colleagues in possession of the correspondence which has taken place between himself aud Sir Henry Parkes, with a view to their determining if any further action shall bo taken in the matter. The Embassy.—The Chiaf Secretary (tho Argus remarks) has not been prolific ill his telegraphic communications to his colleagues cf late. In his last message, which is now a week old, he mentioned that lie and his colleague ex pected shortly to have a further interview with the Secretary of State, but 60 far Ministers have heard no farther particulars. The visit of the hon. gentleman is now drawing near to its ter mination, j.3 under auy circumstances he must leave London by the mail of May £>th—one month from to-day—in order to be here by the oommeBcemanfc of July, and in time for the opening of Parliament. Even then tlio Houses ■will rnetst at an unusually late period of the year. Tho curator of intestate estates has obtained a rule to administer the estate of William Reek Smith, late of Emerald-hill, who died on the •20-U Decamber, 1877. The property was sworn to amount to £G70, Land Tax ArrEAL.—Further evidence \vi3 hesrd before tho Land Tax Commission on Tuesday on the appeal of Mr, Chas. Wilson against the classification of the Yarraberb estate, consisting of 39,3IS acres, in the county of Beudigo, placed in the third class. Dr. Dobson appeared for the appellant, and Mr. Walsh in support of the classiticatiuii. Several witne?ee3 were examined for the appellant, who stated that the country generally was of a poor character. The case was not concluded (the A Mining Boards.— A deputation of miners from Buninyong waited upon Mr. W. Collard Smith at Ballarat on Saturday last to request that at future mining board elections—if the boards were to be continued—souse means would be taken to provide a miners' roll, on vrhich each elector's name should appear. It was also pointed out that tlii3 course was necessary owing to the manner in which miners' rights were purchased iimmediately prior to an election and uec-d by dummies. Air. Smith, atatea tlio Courier, in reply, said that the day3 of use' fulness of mining boards had now passed. The whole subject of mining legislation, local and otherwise, would come on for consideration next session, and the request ot the deputation would receive his earnest consideration; with a view to 