Amusements. Miss Dnrpron, in ' Queen Elizabeth,' at the Theatre Royal, drew a good attendance last evening, and she -was recalled at the end ot each act. To night 'Queen Elizabeth' will ba repeated, pro bably for the last time. To-morrow night Miss Bargon -will appear in the Hibernian drama, ' Irn land as it was,' playing tho part of Judy O'Trott. This character will no doubt prove one of her best ; her slight Irish oooent will be of service. Mr. Lazar has indnced Miss Dargon to prolong her engagement for six nights. Te--ight will be the last of the season at the School of Arts tinder the management of Messrs. Kelly and Keen. On 'this occasion Mr. Leon's benefit is an nounced. The performance commences with an Ethiopean sketch sailed 'Lazy Biohard,' followed by the operetta, 'Domestic BUsb.' Mr. Leon will appear in 'specialties,' and the dramatic ideal ' Baby' will bo produced, the whole concluding with Val Yose's exhibitions of ventriloquistio power. The re-appearance of Japanese Tommy is announced. A really (rood programme is advertised. Tho FroCqncs, at the Guild Hall, are drawing im mense crowds. A first-rate programme is sub mitted, and the audiences are always sent home in pood spirits. Professor Pepper will make his first appearance at the School of Arts to-morrow night : heis a maeician of the first order, and at the Boyal Polytechnic, Lon don, created a great sensation by his wonderful illu sions. Among the distinguished offices he has held maybe mentioned, — an Associate of the Institute of Civil Engineers; lecturer in science at Eton, Har row, Haylebury, and Cheam eohools. The ghost illneion is spoken of as being marvellous, and tta Professor is most highly spoken of by the PrcBS of the United States and Great Britain, and also in Melbourne, where ho did good business. Messrs. Bokor and Farron, in ' Conrad and Lizotte,' Are nightly drawing crowded houses at tho Quoon's Theatre. Both these gentlemen are well known in this city, and can always command good business. Mr. Baker is scarcely inferior to William son as an impersonator of the Teutonic character. Mr. Farron plays Lizette von Wolfstein, and intro duces some capital Binga and dances, amongst which is ' Tim Flaherty,' the song he has made Euoh a 'hif'iD. Victoria Theatre.— The new dramatic company at the above theatre, under the joint lesseeship of Messrs. Bennott and Darr ell, mode a very successful openinpn two new plays named respectively' Alone' and ' The Dcorslayer. The popular colonial actor aud author, Mr. George Darrell, appeared as Colonel Jdhfcllioe in. th» oomedi and. falrljLSTHpiMed his^ audience by the perfeot rendering of a mosr diffica't part. Every phase of the oharaoter was illustrated with an artistio finish that drew forth enthusi astic plandits. Miss Jenny Watt Tanner, a young lady with a charming face and excellent staee presence, appsared to great advantage as Mrs. Thornton, and established herself Fit once as a favourite. The sympathetic tones of Miss Annie Mayor's voice, and her quiet, natural acting, served to make her impersonation of the part of Maud Trevor a ganuine sucoess. Messrs, Elliot, Power, and Jordan filled in the remainder of the cast, and added much to its efficiency. A most enthusiastic call greeted the principals at the conclusion of tho comedy. In the sensationBl drama of 'Tha Deerelaycr ' Mr. George Darrell, as Rube Bedmond, gave ns a per formance strongly contrasting with the character enaotod by him in the first play. His impersonation of the backwoodsman was marked by ease, grace, and an appropriate bearing and delivery that called forth the enthusiasm of the audience in a marked degree. The end of each act reoeived a loud recall, ana the many situations were loudly applauded. MiBS Mayor p'ayed charmingly as Helen Crawford. Mr. Stirling Whyte, another new face, was effootive and artistic. Mr. J. Eainford was well suited as the villain, and the remainder of the company appeared to eioellent advantage. The plays of 'Alone' and ' The Deer slayer' will be played to-night and Saturday, and on Monday tho greet temperance drama, ' Ten Nights in a Barroom' will be produced. The two circuses oontinue to be fairly attended. To-morrow Burton's Circus at tho Haymarkot will give a matinee performance, and a change of pro gramme is announced for the ovoniDg. At the Eng lish Circus, the lady jester is a groat success, especially in her local hits. On Satnrday evening, the new version of Dick Tnrpin, which took so well laBt Saturday, will be played, Sir. King assuming the role of the oliief, and Barry O'Neill, with songs, &c;, the role of Tom King. _ Tomor row afternoon a matinee for juveniles will bo given, and ' Cinderella ' produced for the last time but ono. A special rednotion in charges for children has boon made for the occasion. Mr. Tal Vose, the ventriloquist, makes his final appearance in New South Wales at the School of Arts this evening. Next week he leaves for Java, China, and Japan. Lectube on AGRicuiiTtTRE. — Mr. William John ston is annonnced to give tho above this evening, in the college hall of tbo School of Arts, whioh will, no doubt, be largely patronised, especially by those visi ting Sydney from the country, as it must of necessity ba a very important subject to them. 