THE CLOVEN FOOT Bt tub Author of Ladt Audlet's Secret, &C-;, &C.; Chapter XXYIIL (continued).— Edward Clare goes on a Yotagf. of Discovery, Before seeking for accommodation olso- Tvhero, Edward Clare went to look at tho hottso to which La Chicot's murder had given snch an awful notoriety. Ho found it' more rcputablo of aspect than when ho had last seen it, a few days after tho murder. A now wire blind shaded tho lower part of the parlor window, now roil- curtains drooped gracefully over tbo upper panes. Tbo window itself looked cleanor and brighter than it bad ever looked during . tho- stately Mrs. Rnwbor's occupation of tho ground floor. A new brass plato on tlio door bore tbo inscription, " Mr. Gerard, surgeon." Edward Cloro contemplated this Bhining brass-plate with tho blnuk gozo of disappoint ment. Ho concluded, not unnaturally, that the wliolo house had passed into tho posses sion of Mr. Gerard, surgeon, and tliat Airs. Evitt had gono forth into tlio wilderness of Lon don, where she would bo more .difficult to find tlian poor Hagar and her son in tho sandy wastes of tlio great desert. Wliilo ho Btood ruminnting upon this apparent elinngo in the aspect of affairs,- his oyo wandered to tho window looking into tlio area beneath tho parlor, from which they eamo a comfortable glow of light. Tho occupant of tlio basement had not drawn down tho illuminated blind which generally shaded her domesticity from tho vulgar oyo ; and, sonted hy her lutchen fire, indulging in tho inexpensive luxury of slumber, Edward bebeld tbat very Mrs. Evitt wborn lie had supposed lost in the metropolitan labyrinth. IIo had no doubt as to tlioso cork screw curls, that vinegar visage. This was tho woman with whom lie had taikod for half an hour on that day wliou ho hod inspected tho sceno of the murder, under tlio pretenco of looking for lodgings. IIo went up tlio steps to tho door. There were .two bells, ono labelled Surgery, tlio other House. Edward rang tlio latter, which was answored after au jjitcrval by tlie land lady, looking cross and sleepy. At sight of Mr. Claro, with his travelling hag in his hand, sho scented a lodger and brightened. "Have you a decent bedroom to let oil your second iluor?" ho asked; for although I10 was 110 believer in the influences of Hie spirit world, lie would havo preferred spending the December night upon ' tho bleakest and windiest of tlio bridges to lying down to rest 111 the room whore La Clucot hail been slain. " I've got my first floor empty," said Mrs. Evitt, " beautiful rooms, all now papered and paiuted." " IV1 rather go higher up," answered Edward. "You had a lodger named D Carolina. "What lias become of him ?" " Gono to travel in foreign parts," replied the landlady. " I bclievo lie had money left him. IIo was quito tlio gentleman when ho started — everything new, from his portman- chew to his railway vug." !' 'Can I have his rooms for a few nights 7 I am only in town as a bird of passage, but I don't want to go to an hotel." " Thoir charges aro so 'igh, and there's 110 privacy in 'em," said Alts. Evitt, with a sym pathetic air, as if bIio divined his inmost feel ings. " You can havo Mr. Dcsroiles's rooms, sir, and wo shan't quarrel about tho rent." " Tho rooms are clean, I suppose ?" Edward hazarded. " Clean !" exclaimed Airs. Evitt, Biting up her eyobrows with tho indignation of outraged innocence, " nobody that lias ovor lodged with mo would ask that question. Clean ! no iiouse of mine ovor harbored dirt." " I should like to seo tho bedroom," Baid Edward, " The sitting-room matters very little. I shall bo out all day." "If you'll wait while I fetch a candle, I'll show yon both rooms," replied tho landlady. " I supposo you want to coinc in at onco 7" " Yes. I havo just cento from tlio country, and havo no more luggage than tUis hag. I can pay you for tho rooms in advance if you liko 2" "Aloney comes uncommonly linndy now that provisions havo roso to such a lieiglitli," relurpcd Airs. Evitt, with an insinuating air. " Not that I could ever fool a instant's doubt respecting a young gont of your nppenrance." " Aloney down is tho best reference," said Edward. " I'm a stranger in London. Here's a sovereign. I stipjioBo that'll square us if I only keep tho rooms a week J" " There'll be a triflo for boot cleaning," hi- sinuatcd Mis. Evitt. " Oh, very well." "And lialf-a-crown for kitcliing fire." " Ob, coma now, I won't stand kitchen firo. You don't Bupposo I'm going to dino lioro. If yon bring mo up a cup of ten, of a morning it is nil I shall want, and tho fire that boils your kettle will boil mine." " A triflo for nttonanncc, then." "I'll promiso nothing. If you mako me comfortable, I shall not forgot you at part ing." ' Very well, sir," sighed tho landlady. " I suppose it will come to tho Bnmo in tho end, but I nlways think it best for all parties to put tilings clear." Slio retired into tlio darkness at tho end of tlio narrow passage, tho dark-brown wainscot of which was dimly lighted -by an old-fashioned oil lamp, and returned in a minute or two with a tallow candlo in a capacious tin candlestick. With this light Bho preceded Air. Claro up tlio staircase, whoso shallow uneven stops, and heavy balustrade gavoovidenco of i(s age. On tho first-floor landing Aire. Evitt paused to recover lior breath, and Edward felt an icy thrill of horror as ho found himself opposite tho bedroom door. " Is that tho room whore that poor woman was murdered 7" ho naked. "Yes, sir," replied Mrs. Evitt, with a deprerating sigh, " it iB tho room, and I won't deeeivo yon. But it has beon dono up so nico since tbat nobody as over know .it before would bo ablo to recognise it. My landlord acted very liberal; 'any tiling that paint and paper can do to set you right with your lodgers, Airs. Evitt, shall bo dono,'; says lio. 'You'vo been a good tenant,' says be, 'always punctual to tho minuto with your rent,' ho says, 'and I should take it to heart if you wore to suffer.' Como in and look at tho room, sir, and you'll seo that thero ;«o't a more cheerful bedroom in this part of Lon don." Airs. Eritt flung open tbo door with a flourish of pride, and led tlio way into the room with uplifted candlestick. "That's a brand new bedstead," Bho said, "from Maplo's, in Tottenham Court-road, where tho Empress of tlio French gets her furniture. And thero oint a inch of carpet or a bit of bedding that was in tho room when when — what you mentioned took place." Mrs. Evitt had pinned her faith upon vivid color as a charm to exorcise poor Zaire's ghost. Asixponny chintzof all tho colors in tho rainbow draped window and bed. A painted druggot of corresponding violence hid tho worm-eaten old boards, upon which soap, sand nnd soda had been vainly expended in tho endeavor to remove the dork traces of that awful Btrcam which had travelled from tho bed to the threshold. The dressing tablo was draped with white muslin < and rose-colored calico. Tho chimney-pleco was resplendent with a pair of Bohemian gloss vases and a gilded clock. Colored lithographs in tho vilest Ger man art brightened the walls.- " Don't it look cheerful 7" asked Airs. Evitt. " Is that tlie littlo room where tho husband UHcdtowork?" inquired Edward, pointing to tho door. "Yes, but tbat doesn't go witb tbo drawing- rooms. rvo let it to Mr. Gerard for a room to put his books in. He's such a man lor hooks. They overrun the place." "Who is Air. Gerard? Oh, hy tho way, Att nucwu>at with tat author. that is the snrgeoh downstairs. How long has ho beon lodging with you?" "It was about a month after poor Madame Chicot's death when ho came. ' I'm going to sot up in business for myBfllf, Alts. Evitt,' ho says. 'I ain't, rich enongh to buy a practice,' said ho, 'bo I must try and make ono for my self, somehow,' ho says. 'Now yours is a pretty crowdod neighborhood, and I think I might do, if you let mo your ground-floor cheap. It would bo for a permanency,' says ho, so that ought to mako a difference.' ' I'll do my best to uieot you,' soya I, ' hut my rent is high, and I never was a hour behind with it yet, and I novor will he.' Well, sir, I let him have tho rooms very low, considering thoir value, for I was that dopressod in my spetrits it wasn't in mo to 'aggie. That ungrateful viper, Airs. Rawbor — a woman I'd waited on hand nnd foot, nnd fried onions'- for her until I'vo mtiny a timo turned faint over tho frying- ' pan, nnd she'd gono nnd turned her back upon mo in -my trouble, and took a second floor over a bootmaker's, where tho smell of leather must be enough to poison a respectable female |" " HnB Air. Gerard succeeded in' getting a practico 2" asked Edward. " Well, lio do have patients," answered tbo landlady, dubiously ; " gratis ones a many, be tween tlio hours of eight rind nino every morhing. He's very steady nnd quiot in bis 'abits, and that moderate that he could livo where another would starve. He'aa wonder ful clover young man, too ; it was him — much mora than tho grand doctor — that pulled Aladamo Chicot tlirough nftcr her nccidont." " Indeed !" said Edward, becoming sud denly interested'; "then Air. Gerard know tho Cliicots 7" " Know 'm 1 I should think I10 did, indeed, poor young man. Ho attended Aladnaio . Chicot night nnd day for months, and if ithadn't boon for liim I beliovo slio'd liavo died. There novcr was a doctor so devoted, and all for love. Ho didffit tako a penny for his at tendance." "A most extraordinary young man," said Edward. . They went up to tho second floor, and Air. Claro was introduced to tlio apartmonts upon which Dc-srolles lind turned liis back for over. Tbo furniture was of tho shabbiest, but tbo rooms looked tolerably clean, much cleaner than tliey had appeared during tlio occupation of Air. Desrolloa. Edward thing . down his travelling hag, and expressed himself con tented with tho accommodation. ' " Don't put mo into damp sheets," ho said, whereupon Airs. Eritt threw up. lior hands , in horror, and almost wept as sho protested against so heartless an imputation. " Thoro isn't a carefuller woman than mo about airing linen in nil London," site ox- claimcd. ' I'm over particular. I've scorched tunny a good pillow caso in my carefulness ; but I'm tlie only loser hy that, and I don't mind." "I must go nnd get some dinner," said Edward. "And then I tliink I'll drop iu at a theatre. I Bupposo you can givo me a latch-key." " You can liavo tlio very key that Air. Des- rollcs had," rcplioil Airs. Evitt, graciously, as if according a peculiar privilege. " I don't euro whose key it is as long qa it will open tlio door," answered tlio inapprecia-' tivo poet, and then lie put tho key in Ids pocket, and wont out to regalo himself cheaply at a French rcstaurnut, nnd then to tlio pit of a popular, theatre. He had come to London on a particular errand, hut he meant to get as much pleasure out of his visit as he could. From tlie moment that Edward Clara ltcnrd of Georgo Gerard's attendance upon Alailame Chicot ho became desirous of making Air. Gerard's acquaintance. Ho was a man who could help him in tlio business lio bad to carry through. Hero was a man wlio must know \- tho dancer's husband intimately — a man who could identify Jack Chicot in tho prosont Squire of Hazelhurst. This was tho man of men whom it was valuablo'toir Edward Clara to know. Having once mado up his mind upon this point, Mr. Claro did not lose any timo in making uso of ills opportunities, He called upon Air. Gerard on tho morning after his arrival in town. It was only a little after nino when ho presented himself at tho surgeon's door, so anxious was I10 to seotiro an intcrviow before Air. Gerard left home. Ho found Georgo Gerard sitting at his modest breakfast of bread nnd butter nnd coffee, an open book besiilo liim as lio ato. Edward's oyo marked tho neatness of tho jtir- geou's attire, marked also that liis coat had been worn to tho last stago of shahkincss at all compatiblo with respectability. A month's wear more and tlio surgeon would bo out at elbows. Ho observed also tbo thick slices of broad ai»l butter — tlio doubtful-looking coffee, with an odor suggestive of liot-so beans. Hore, evidently was a man for whom tho struggle to livo was hard. Such a man would naturally ho easy to deal with. Georgo Gerard roso to receive him with a pleasant smile. " Airs. Evitt told mo that you wanted to sco mc," ho said, waving his hand to a choir hesido his somcwhot jiinohed firo. Sciontifio arrangements of fira hriclc had been adapted to tho roomy old grata sinco Airs. Rawber'a tenancy, and it now held a minimum of fuel. "Yes, Air. Gerard, I very much want haU- an-hour's talk with you." '.'I can glvo you just hnlf-an-liour before I start for my day's work," answered Gerard, with a. business-like air and a glance at tlie neat littlo clock on tho chimnoypicce. , Tho room was curiously changed since Mrs; Rnwhor'B occupation. It had thou appeared itho model of tlio vulgar lodging-houso parlor. It now looked tho room of a student Georgo Gorard had beon ablo to spend very littlo money on tho decoration of his apartments, but ho had lined tlio walls with deal shelves, and the shelves were filled with books ; sucli volumes as your genuino book hunter col lects with loving toil in the lanes and by ways of London. Ho bad put a substantial old-fasliioned writing tablo in tbo window, a pair of comfortable arm-chairs by tho hearth, a skeleton clock, and a couple of bronze figures — picked up in ono of tlio back slums of Covcnt Garden for a song — on tlie mantel piece, and tlie goneral effect was of a room which a gentleman might occupy without a blush. Edward Claro saw all this, not without a obu.p puny of envy. Ho recognised in tlio , capacity to endure such an existence tho power to climb tho rugged hill of Fame. "This is tho kind of man to succeed in life," ho thought. "But one can't expect this dogged- cnduranco in a man of poetic tempera ment." " Do you wish to consult me professionally 7" asked Gerard. " No. "What I havo to say relates to a very serious matter, but is neither a professional question for you, nor a personal affair of mine. You knew tho Chicots." It was Gerard's turn to bo interested. He looked at tbo speaker with sudden intensity, which brightened every feature in his face. " Yos. What of them 7 Did yon know them 7 I no veaaw you here' when she was ill. You knew them in Paris, perhaps 7 " " No ; I never saw Madame Clucot off tho stage. But I am deeply interested in the discovery of her murderer, not for my own sake, hut for the protection of some ono I esteem. Have you seen John Chicot since the murder?" "No. If I had—" George Gerard stopped suddenly, and left his sentence unfinished. " If you had you would have given him up to tlio police, as his wife's murderer. Is that what you wore going to say 7" "Something very near it. I have strong reason to believe that ho killed her ; and-yot thero is ground for doubt. If he were the mur derer why should ho alarm the house 7 He might havo gono quietly awrfy, and the crime would hot have been discovered f Or hours after- -wards." ' " Hyper-caution, no doubt. Murderore oft ej over-act their parts. Yet, if you look at the tiling, you will see he was obliged to givo the alarm. Had ho not done so, had ho gone ..away and left his wife lying dead, it would- have been obriouB tbat ho and bo alone was hor assassin. By rowing tho , household ho put on at least tlie somblatico of innocence, however his flight might belie it afterwards." . It is a profound mystery," said Gcrari "A mystery only to tlioso who refuso to ao.' cept the natural solution of tho enigma. Hew was a mah with a drunken wifo. It is an ac knowledged fact, I beilevo, that Madanu Chicot was a drunkard 7" 1 , imT03' ,P00r BOnl havo let ho, kill herself with tho brandy bottle. He woffiJ' not hnvo had long to wait." "A man so fettered may get desperate. Supposo that -I could, prove to you that thin Chicot had tho strongest possible temptation to rid himself of his wifo by any means, fai, or foul. Supposo I conid tell you that liis in- lieritanco of n large estate was contingent upon ' his marringo with another woman, 'mt he had already, in order to Bectiro that estate, con- traoteda bigamous mnrriago with that other woman— she innocent ns an angel, poor girl, throughout tho plot. Supposo I could prove all this, what would you Bay of Jack Cliicot then 7" " Most assuredly I would say 'hat lie did tho deed. Only show mo tbat ho had. a motive strong enough to urgo him to crime— I know of my own experience that I10 was tired of his wife— and I will accept tlio evidence that points to him as tho murdertr." ' Do you think that evidenco strong enough to convict him 7" " On that point I am doubtful. His flight is damning evidence against him ; nnd then there is tho fact that at tlio bottom of his color box there lay a dagger which corro. sponded in form to tho gash upon that poor creature's throat. I found that dagger, and it is now in tlie possession of tho polico. It bears tlie dark tarnished stain that Mood leaves upon steel, and I 'hnvo 110 doubt , in my own mind that it was with that dagger La Chicot was killed. But these two points compriso tho wliolo cridonco against tho husband. They aro strong enough to afford a presumption against his innocenco ; but I doubt if they are strong enongh to hang liim." ' " it bo so. I don't want to hang hit., but 1 do want to resouo the woman I 01100 fondly loved for whom I Rtill care moro than for any other woman on earth— from a mar- riago that may end in her misery and untimely death. IVliat must bo tho fate of nneli a man ns this Cliicot, if ho is, as you beliovo, raid n3_ believe, guilty, Either remorso will drive lum mad, or ho will go on from crimo to crime, sinking lower in tlio scale of humanity. Let mo but strip tlio mask from liis faco, separate him for over from his innocent wife, and I am content. To do this I want your aid. Jack Cliicot has dis- . appeared from tho ken of all wlio know liim. Tlio man who bore that liamo is now a gon- tloman of landed e3tato, respected and res pectable. Will you ho disinterested enough to waste a couple of days, and travel ovor threo hundred miles, in order to help mo to identify tho lato adventurer in tho present lord of tho manor. Your jourqy shall not cost you Bixpenco." "If I go at all, I Hhall go at my own ex pense," answered Gerard curtly ; " bnt you must first show me an adequate reason foz doing what you ask." " To do that I must tell yon a long story," answered Edward. And then, without mentioning tho names of pooplo or of places, ho told the story of Jasper Trevcrton's will, anil of Laura Alnlcobn's mnr riago. The faots, ns I10 stated them, wont fnj to show John Troverton a scheming scoundrel, capable of committing a crimo of tlio darkest kind to further his own interest. "Tho caso against Mm looks Mack, I admit,", said Gorard, when Air. Claro had finished. " But there iB ono difficult point in tho storjL You say that in order t,o secure tlio fortuno Chicot married tlio young lady in tlio January before Aladamu Chicot's death. Now if I10 had mado up his mind to got rid of lain lawful wifo by foul means, why did ho not -do it before lio contracted that mnrriago instead of after wards ? Tbo crime would hnvo boon tho saino, tlio danger of detection no greater. Tlio mur der committed after the hccoiuI marriage was an anaehroninm." "Wlio can fathom liis motives? Ho may liavo liad no design against his wife's life when I10 married tlio lady I know. Ho limy have boliovcil it posBiblo to so arrange his life that no ono could ovor rccogniso Jack Chicot iu tha country squire. Ho may havo thought thai he could buy-liis freedom from Aladamo Chi cot. Perhaps it was only when ho found that her lovo or her jealousy was not to ho hood winked that ho conceived tho idea of murder. No man — assuredly, no man of decent ante cedents — readies tho piimaelo of guilt nt a leap." " Well," sighed Gerard, after a pause, "I will go with you, and sco this man. I had a curious interest In that poor creature's career. I would havo dono much to savo hor from tho consequence of her own folly, had it beon pos sible. Yes, I will go with you. I should like to know tho end of tho story." It .was agreed betweon tlio two young men tbat tliey wero to go to Devonshire together in tho first week of tho now year, Edward Claro remaining only a week iu London. Gerard was to accompany Cloro as his friend, nnd to stay at tho vicarago ns his guest.- 