THE MYSTESIES OP CEIME; . ob, The ExPEEiErrGEa of as Edutbubg® Detective.—No. CXVIIL. [Published by special arrangement with fc'.ii . Anther.] CONQUERING A. THIEF. I have already said that I once had an enemy in the person of a troublesome criminal, who nevertheless became one of my best friends. The case is uncommon— very uncommon— more's the pity; but to those who mate crime and criminals their study, it may not be without interest. I have now to relate how. his hate was incurred by me—what that hate prompted him to—and how the surprising revulsion and change came about-. : I say " surpris ing," because, though I: was the unwitting agent, I was a good, deal younger then, and the result astonished even me. Then I .was only groping my way to experience in these things—now I know a good deal more of the power of affection,, even ;among criminals, I am not ashamed to confess that it is a lever that I have since used ••on every possible occasion, when there.'was. a chance of raising a human being out of: the mire. . , ; . - Ben Rhodie, known among his palls as , the "Blue Pigeon," from his liking for lead stealing, .was one of the most active and recklessly-daring in all Macluskey's gang, lie yras quite a young man, and rather plain-looking than otherwise"; but he had as much strength in his powerfully-built frame as would have served any two. • He was utterly indifferent to punishment, and seemed quite as happy in prison as out of it. Indeed, I may confess to a secret admiration for the man from the first, for there seemed to be something noble in his carriage; something that made him stalk through the world With his head two inches higher than his fellows—ana when he received twenty-five lashes for a robbery with violence after the Leith Races, as ccolly and smilingly as if .it had been a mere flea bite, I could not help exclaim ing— • " That man should not be a thief—be is cut out for something better." • Every thief, I may tell the reader, con siders himself an injured being, forced to continue in the profession by some romantic wrong or cruelty on the part of some" one else.: This pet injury, in nine cases out of ten, they promise to avenge on the first possible occasion. In the case of the " Blue Pigeon " I was the injurer,. though of course for me to have protested that the injury was done unintentionally would have been worse than useless. This is how it came about:— One Sunday morning, in summer, I.' was leaving the bouse for church, when I was pulled up at the door by a breathless mes senger from the Head Office, who placed the following slip in my hand:— • " Some lead-rstripping has been done during the night at a- half-finished house out at the Grange. Only half of the plunder has been lifted/so there is a chance of a return visit to-night at the latest. Take McSweeny with you, and watch the place — yourselves being invisible—till morning. Particulars with informant, No. — Sciennes' Place." I started off at once, picked up Mc Sweeny, and got out to the address indi cated, where we learned that the crime bad been discovered in a curious but very simple manner. One of the working plumbers living in the Sciennes, not far from the house in progress, bad put up a bundle of wood—■ odd scraps—on Saturday, to carry away; but having forgotten it, had 89nt round his boy for it early on the Sunday morning, after,directing him how to. enter the bnilcU ing, and cautioning 'him to be careful in crossing the uncovered beams forming the floor of the top flat. The boy accomplished the feat successfully; but, before entering the .finished wing, which, having a flat roof, had been covered with lead, he was pulled* up by a startling discovery. Two thick rolls of sheet lead, all jagged and uneven at the edges) lay across the beams near the fire place, while in the fireplace itself were carefully propped a jemmy, an empty gill bottle, and-a dark lantern. Roused by the curious discovery, and wise enough to know that the jagged and torn edges were not the work of a plumber, he crept into the finished wing and found a long plank in readiness leading up to the open hatch in the roof. To run up this was only a moment's work for a "boy; and then the dismantled roof spoke for itself, and sent him spinning home with something far more important than the bundle of sticks he had been sent for. McSweeny and I got to the house by different routes shortly after the church hells had rung in, and examined the little trinkets left behind with considerable interest. " Why don't they put their names on. their tools, like other workmen, and give an -honest detective a chance ?" said Mc Sweeny with some asperity, after sniffing over the jemmy and lantern in vain. " By japers, I'll spake to them about it when we ketch them. Why should we be condemned to. solitary confinement for a whole day and a night in. a house without windows, and with as many draughts in it as there are rogues in the world, when we could just step up to their houses and say, " Blue Pigeon, avick, ye're wanted," and then: go. home to our dinners comfortable? It isn't fair—begorra. it isn't. "Ah, the loss of your Sunday dinner has pot into your head," I answered, with tantalising coolness. " I've no doubt they'd do it, though, if they could hear you talk, if it was only to stop your tongue." "Blood alive, if you wouldn't provoke St. Patrick, himself. Ye're a Scotchman, Jamie,"more sorrow to ye, an' ye take these things mighty cool. Faith, I believe ye'd do without mate for a week if ye only though there was a thafe at the end of it." " At the end of what—the meat ?" " No—the week, ye sinner. But, never mind, ye're cross words are only fun to me. Ye're clever, Jamie, an' that makes up for a dale; hut for all that ye can't tell me who did this little j ob." "No, I can't; but perhaps I may before morning. _ Rhodie, the 'Blue "Pigeon,' eems the likeliest man." " Right ye are, Jamie. If his lips didn't suck that bottle dry last night, I'll never risk another guess. Let's hope the villain '11 come to lift the rest while the good people's at church, an' save ns ketchiu' rheumatism as well as thieves. It's a ble3sin' it's not winter, or these draughts would have kilt us both dead." The wish was not gratified, for our wait was both long and wearisome; and many a queer expedient did we try to beguile the time. The churches went in and came out, and the afternoon crept into evening, bring ing with it stray couples of lovers, who ;went past laughing and joking, and little dreaming that in the solitary" unfinished ihouse there lurked men eager to seize one of the most daring criminals that ever in vested Edinburgh. On that point, at least, we were both at one—a confirmed criminal is safe only within the walls of a prison. Young as he was, I considered Rhodie , booked for a life of crime. Not so many days before, some one had asked me what sort of a man he was, and I unhesitatingly replied, "One of the very worst—not a spark of good in him." I was wrong, of course, as I would have been had I said it about any man in the wide world; and the first shake to my belief was to come not so long after in the shape of a trifling circum stance which I shall relate in its proper order. Well, the sun went down and the mo m took its place, and the stragglers got fewer and .fewer till at last they ceased altogether, and then I found it was close on half-past twelve. Then we heard a footstep, not on the road in front, hut in the green field be hind, and, slipping out of the hiding-places we had arranged to shade us from the moon light, we peered out into the darkness be hind, A single-shadow—that of a well built man, with a fur cap drawn tight down over his ears—was getting over by the mason's shed, and McSweeney gripped me hard by the. shoulder and pulled me hack. "There's only, one, and it's the 'Blue Pigeon,"' he whispered. "He has done the job single-handed to get the more profit. That accounts for him leaving the half till to-night." Slipping hurriedly hack to our places, we listened in silence. Pat,, pat, pat creak, creak, creak—we heard the cautious footsteps crossing the floor underneath and then ascending the bare wooden staircase. Nearer and nearer, feeling every step, came the intruder,-and then he appeared in the open doorway directly facing me. I shrank back instinctively, even though I knew I was effectually screened from the most piercing eye; and I could not hut admire the method and care displayed in every movement of the man before me. Every step across the open beams, which as yet formed the only flooring, was made as cautiously and softly as if he had been treading on the edge of a precipice, and then, quite unsuspiciously, he stooped for ward over the two rolls of lead to feel for his tools. The gill hot tie was carefully slowed away in his breast pocket, the lan tern in another, and the jemmy down the lining in the hack of his coat; and then he stooped to lift one of the rolls of lead. It was only a trial, though, for he let it lie while he took a long breath. "It's d—dheavy—heavier than the last," he muttered. " Well, I've only one more trip, and the thing's done. Here goes." With a_ grunt and a groan he got the thing on his shoulders, turned cautiously and gingerly round to face the door, and saw—a ghost! _ Yes—there in the doorway, full in the light, stood McSweeny, and liefore the yell rising to the astonished villain's lips had died away, the pile of flooring deals that had concealed me were dashed down, and I had my hand on his shoulder. " Stop, Ban," I said; " it's too heavy— let me, help you." He instantly jerked round his head, only to behold my smiling face, and then I thought he would have dropped. • The whole thing was so utterly unlooked-for, that I question if, for the moment, he did not doubt his own senses. A straggling tramp, a stray policeman, or an old half-deaf watchman might have been there, but two detectives! it was too much. "Betrayed! Who has done it?".he gasped. • " Nobody at all, Ben," I answered ; " just this," and 1 was about to lay my hand on the roll of lead, when with malicious sud denness he let it slip from his shoulder, and come flop down on the spot at that moment covered by my feet. I jumped j ust in time, and the heavy mass went through the open beams crash down upon the floor below. The sound had not died away, when, taking advantage of the moment, he ran lightlv across the open beams towards the door guarded by McSweeny. "Come away, my jewel!" cried McSweeny, opening his arms wide. "Sure, if ye get one grip of mine, ye'll be in no danger of tumblin' down after the lead." But Rhodie was not to get so far. My blood was now up at his treachery, and for the moment quite as reckless as himself, I made one spring from the fireplace to the middle of the room, just managing to clutch his collar and no more; The sadden tug' brought him down, and I went with him. I came down across the beams,, bat he, in wriggling round to get his hands on my throat, went through with-a plunge and a yell. For a second be- hung by^ my arm alone, which was dragged through along with him ; ' but the jerk- and' weight were too much for me in that peculiar position, and with a wrench he wa^gpne. "Holy Moses 1 luck at that, now," cried McSweeny, gaping down .after him; "he's so fond of the lead that he's-gone-after it." "Never mind the lead," I' cried, getting past him with a rush; " there's none of it in his shoes, I'll warrant. See—see, he is moving." We were down *tbe wooden staircase with three bounds, and came up with him just in time to lift him back from one of the windows. He gave in■. with a groan, and sank weakly in a heap at my feet with a peculiar stagger that gavo- me an inkling of the mischief done. " Are you hurt, Ben ?" I. asked, trying to raise him. " Ask that, after doing it," he groaned, with a fearful oath. " Yes, my ankle's oat—if that'll please you. But I'll pay you back yet, though I should- have to wait twenty years for it." " 'Twas an accident, manT—I didn't mean t," I warmly returned. He remained silent, and-1 knew what that meant. "Well, stick to your own opinion, and much good may it do you," I impatiently^ continued, lifting him to his feet. " Come on now;—in spite of your- ill temper, I'll help you to walk." "And what am I to- do?" put in McSweeny, ruefully scratching his head.. "You?—you're to carry, the lead,, of course," I coolly returned. " Begorra, I thought as much. Ben,, ye divil, ye ought to be ashamed of yourself, fallin' down there and givin' honest men, so much trouble. D'ye think I'm a porter, ye villin? Ay, ye may. well groatu Why couldn't ye come in church time, like any other dacent man, " an' then ye'd; have seen vouv way across the boords better ? Spake" about payin' back!—humph! I wonder who's got the most raison to com plain!" and, with many a grunt, Mc-Sweeny managed to get the roll of lead on his shoulder, and'then we got out of the place the best way we could. We made but slow progress till we fell in with a cab, which soon hurled us up to the Office, plunder and all; and then Rhodie's ancle was attended to before he was locked up. But though his ancle got well, with care and rest, and in a few weeks he was able to limp up from the lock-up to the High Court, handcuffed to a policeman, to j^ke his trial, his. grudge against me remauJed.J. He made no secret of it—told me roundly to my face that he would "do it" on'the first opportunity. "Make it as hot for me as ye like," he said, defiantly. "They can't give me more than seven years at the worst, and my revenge will keep for that time." I only whistled, for I thought him incorrigible; but it was in that very walk, short as it was, that my opinion began t'6 change. A number of idlers had crowded round . in our wake, as they always will .do in the High street, and were trotting with us the short distance, almost hiding us from ordinary -passers by. But there was one eye there" that they could not screen us from. An old woman, miserably clad, and borne down with years and care, rushed from ■ the opposite site of the street and pushed wildly through the crowd to get a better look. For a moment her eyes ap . peared ready to jump from their sockets as they met those of the criminal we were escourting, and then a terrible look of agony crossed her face as she wailed out— "Oh, Benny, Benny! have they got ye again?" - v The thief averted his eyes and pressed forward, with an unmistakeable twitching about the mouth. '• Faster, faster 1 why don't you go faster ?" he hurriedly got out. But though our pace was quickened the old woman would not be shaken off, but followed us, wringing her hands and wildly addressing the subdued on-lookers— "Oh, sorry's the day! did I rear him and stickle him for this? My own flesh and blood-turns away from me in shame ! Oh, Benny, though all the, world turns agin ye, your mother's still the same!" He stopped in his hurried limping and turned full round on her—not in anger, but with a queer look convulsing his face that fairly staggered me. "Go home, mother—go home," lie got out, in a choking husky way. "Don't be coming after the like of me." ".I won't go borne, and I will come after ye !" was the sharp, despairing rejpiner. " Oh, good people, he'd my boy—only he's took to bad ways, an' I liav'nt seen him since his last trial, two years ago. Oh, wirra! did ever I think he'd come to this ?" and a choking Irarat of sobs drowned the rest. " Faster, faster!" hoarsely whispered the thief with a strange agitation. " Why did ye bring me tbat way ?" " Benny, Benny, my boy!" almost screamed the poor woman from behind, " won't ye say one word to your mother ?" He turned sharp round on the crowd, as he put his foot oh the .first step of the Qourl-House, "Take—take her away," he got our, with the old twitching at the mouth.;. "1 can't—can't speak to her," and in a moment more we were within the building. I was roused—surprised—agitated.by tbe strange incident; and as we got within the wide lobby I looked keenly into his face, and could have sworn that I saw the merest vestige of. a tear glistening in his eye. ." I will conquer that man yet," I said ex citedly to myself, as he was led off; " I will get at his heart some day, be that day far or near." Quite contrary to my previous intention, I did not "make it hot" for him.' So far as McSweeny's evidence and my own went he was very lightly spoken of ; but the pre vious conviction stood there in black and white, and could not be got over. The sen tence was five years'penal servitude. As the words were pronounced, two sharp moans—those of a woman—broke the stillness of the Court-room. He turned sharp round at the sound, and let his eye run over the crowd of faces till it rested on mine, immediately behind him, " That's my mother," he muttered, with a vengeful look into my eyes; " I won't forget it, when the time comes." The threat caused me no concern, for, truth to tell, at the moment I was think ing more of the poor woman than of him ox myself. I had got interested in her, and anxious to know how she came to be living in honesty and poverty while her son was going the opposite way—headlong to ruin. As he was removed, I got out of my seat and helped the weeping woman from the room. He did not see it, for he was gone; but other eyes, quite as sharp, did. These belonged to a cripple lad, an expert pick pocket, wbo from bis long fingers was called "The Wire," and whom I had once be friended wben he was taken up and likely to be convicted in place of another thief. My acquaintance with Rhodie's mother did not end with the day of the trial. I learnt her simple storjr,'how she. had strug gled by every artifice in her power to keep him from ruin when a lad, and only to be deserted by him altogether. when he be came a man. When I made her acquaint 'ianpp ajie was nearly la thV lowest stage of ■1 poverty—actually starring on the eighteen gsenee a week which she received off the 'Poor's Board and an occasional day's wash ing, "when she could find any strength in her body"—which, I believe, must have been very seldom. Ther one terrible step that of going into the Poorkouse—she had been forced to contemplate, but had put it off and put it off, in spite- of well-meaning remonstrances, till she was like to perish in the struggle. I had met with many cases like hers, but never with one that interested me so deeply; for, mark you, this poor- woman-—this re ceiver of pauper's relief—this washer woman, racked with rheumatism—was still full of a proud, independent spirit. She was a woman of education,, too,. I found; and if you had offered her a shilling would have greeted you with as- haughty a stare as a lady of the realm. Under these circumstances. I did the be3t in my power. I got her mentioned to an Indigent Society over in-, the New Town, and also to a gentleman at-the West End in the habit of keeping a list of worthy persons for private bounty, , and the result was that her weekly income was augmented by some ' three or four shillings, which, with the . work which I sometimes had it in my power to throw in her way, was like a little fortune to her. And all that time, though I little dreamed of it, the sharp eyes of " The Wire" were upon me, tracking me about, and noting my every movement. It may he as well ,to note, too, that the house of the poor woman had been changed from the Grass Market to a lighter and healthier one away, down at Stockbridge, where she could be-near the New Town ladies, who now gave ber occasional sew ing and knitting. One evening little more than two years after the conviction, of the " Blue Pigeon," on reaching homa after a hard day's work, I found the following curious and startling epistle awaiting me. It was written in thieves' latin, wkichlhave altered to make readable:— "Tlie-Top of Mount Nowhere. "The 'Blue Pigeon's' wings have grown again, and he will fly next week. Thi3 is straight and trueso look out, for he means to lame you as you.did. him. "A Fpjend." This strange note puzzled me more than it alarmed, me. Neither the writing nor the signatures conveyed the slightest hint as to the identity of the writer; and a round scribble at the bottom, not unlike a coil of wire in. appearance, was quite as un intelligible. But it was. the information ] given that startled me most, for, though j nothing is more common than that prisoners j are released at half their term, as yet I had received no hint that this privilege waa to he extended to Rhodie. As for Rhodie himself, notwithstanding his daring, reck less nature, I never had any great fear of him; and I had less now,for in the interval since his trial Macliiskey had been limned, and the gang scattered here, there,, and everywhere. Criminals, you know, are " just like other folk," and can do their work much better, and are bolder and , more careless of results, in twos and threes : than singly. On the whole, I was inclined to set the queer scrawl down as a hoax, and, having : quietly committed it to the flames, went to bed and thought of it no. more. Next day, however, I was not. a little surprised ta hear some one say— "The 'Blue Pigeon* gets out again on Thursday next." " Indeed P then it was not a hoax," I put in—" I mean I got word to that effect last night, hut I thought it nonsense." / "Lastnight? why, the word only came this morning." " That may be, but thieves', telegraphs fly faster than blue letters. I wonder what he'll do now?" " Pitch'into .you in the first place," was the laughing rejoinder, "' I don't think he's the man to forget the weeks of agony, he had with that ancle of his." " Oh, well, if|I had done it intentionally I would have deserved it," I meditatively returnedsuch things have been done before, so I can hardly blame him for seeing the accident in a wrong light. . But I wish I had kept that note, though; some of you might have given me an inkling as to who the 1 Friend' is, who is so kind as to warn me, sharp on the time." " : ; A week passed away, and then I; got another scrawl - from my mysterious "Friend." It ran thus:— "Top of Nowhere, Thursday night?. "The 'Blue Pigeon' came in this afternoon. Feathers ruffled against you. Look outs-look out—look out! Don't take long Journeys iii the dark; and beware of John Jones. " AFbiend." This note, like the other, had also the coil of wire scrawled at the bottom ; hut still I wa^ blind to its meaning, and shoved the letter into the fire for fear it should fall into the hands of my wife and cause her needless alarm. The next day—a nasty, slushy day in January:—I got a glimpse of the " Blue Pigeon" hurrying down Blackfriars Wynd. H e did not look in my face, but, sure of the man, I was standing staring after him when a cripple lad hurried past in the same direction taken by the " Pigeon." A quick look he gave into my face drew my atten tion for a moment as he was passing, and then I recognised "The Wire." He grinned and winked, arid then, with a swift motion !of the fingers, telegraphed the word " Beware!" and was gone, . The little incident (Aused me some think ing and speculation; for it seeiried to me that "the Wire" was following or watch ing the other, and this was a proceeding among thieves that I could not see the neces sity for. - When I got home at night two notes awaited me. The first was from Khodie's mother, at Stockbridge, and was addressed to my wife. It was written by a second hand—that of the woman who had left it an hour before—and as I thought it most important, I will give it first:— " Dear Mrs. McGovan—I fear this terrible pain will carry me off before I can see my son, for the doctor says the trouble has got settled about the heart. Ah, he little knows that there's more trouble than that about my heart. If I could only see my boy once more I could die in peace, but that.is more than lean hope for. I would like to see your husband or yourself as soon as you can come, to leave a message for Benny. He's a good lad—you would say so if you knew his heart as well as I do—and my last prayer will be for his welfare. "Ma.by Ehodie." My wife happened to be anything but well herself, so I resolved, as the night was a dark one, to attend to the note my self, and at once. While my wife was setting a few trifles together to take with me I tore open the other note, and as it was curious I give it entire:—. " No.—, Inverleifch-row, Edinr. "Mr. McGovan, " Sir—You police are a pack of fools—I in clude detectives as part of the system—but, i£ yon are an exception to the rule come down to my house at once, and have your eyes opened. I have been robbed, sir, and though it should cost me a hundred pounds I will find out the thief.—Yery truly yours, "John Jones." I nut the note into the fire with a smile. "No, Mr. Jones," I thought, "that trick won't do—I know one worth two of it. .' The Pigeon' does mean mischief, then— Inyerleith Row, too, a nice, lonely, dark spot—just the place for a neddv or a sand bag. I'll see about you to- morrow, Mr. Rhodie, and, if you've a heart at all, I'll try airid get at it, if only for your mother's sake". Thus I arranged it in my own mind; hut chance had decreed that I was to see him | much sooner. I got out of the house into ; the-sleeiy blast, and hurried on to Stock bridge without onc9 looking behind, 'the night-waa not one for loitering.;, but, apart /from that,, though I heard-the patter of footstep8 behind, and occasionally the dia-* ■ taut" atotting" of a crutch, - it never once j; struck me that I was being followed. If I : had given the thing a moment's thought X would have remembered~ that you can get to Invevleith Row by Stockbriage, and that, therefore, any one wishing me lo go there, i and . seeing me go in. thik direction, mifht have thought I was hound for that lonely spot. But, I am bound to confess, I thought j more of'.the poor mother who -was- dying in" such loneliness and neglect than on the mi« ( guided rascal who was- wishing, me ill. ■' ::. safely to the long, dark, entry, lead ing to her home, and,. groping my way " I slowly, had almost reached.the door, when, there was a sudden rush of footsteps behind me 1 was grasped by .the shoulder with, no gentle hand, and whirled round in the darkness.to feel the hot breath of a maa on - mycheek. ' "Now! at last I have you-!" he. hoarsely whispered in my ear. " I-.swore-1 would : lame you, and now I mean to do-it." "I don't know you," I said, endeavoring to-wrench myself awayj.as.Ifelt him fumb ling for some weapon in the back of Ma coat; " but if you. are the Blue-Pigeon. I" can only say " "That you're done-for!" he broke ia with savage glee. " Nothing can save yoa • now;. and other ten yearswill be nothing to me, so that I get.my-reveuge." I heard a light hopping, along the entry, while he spoke, and .wa's-about to give forth. -• a shout for assistance, when some one passed us both with a rush and threw open the ; door I had .been about to.enter, letting out a flood of light on the discomfited villain's face. I turned round, in. surprise, only t* recognise " The Wire," and see the nobby, end of his crutch raised, threateningly above the Pigeon's skull,. ' " Bet go—let go!" cried the cripple, with wonderful vigour, fearlessly addressing the ruffian, who could, have crushed, him at a ' blow. " Let go,.or by jingo, ill spoil your ■ > beauty for ever!" The Pigeon, quitted his hold of me, andi blinkingly stared at Ms diminutive assailant. " Well, if you ain't a sinner," energetically-' continued " The Wke,""a regular fizzejfr an ungrateful beggar as ever walked ointwd. trotters—to go for to pitch into the feller: wet has been your best friend, ri?ht at,the- • door of the house where your mother^-liea. dyin'." * Rhodie staggered, and stared helplessly . about him. • . " What—what do you mean ?" he slowly asked at last. " I meas that he's been like a son; to ier —to your -mother/* emphatically, returned " The Wire." " Ask" himself, there, if yo* don't believe me." "Never mind about that just.now,Ben," - I gravely put in ; " something of far more importance waits you here. Com®." He covered his eyes and. groaned aloud-; . but I managed to drag Mm. into the house, where in a moment more he waa on hi* knees by the bedside of his mother. I had expected to see her hail him with! a. cry of jov, and take him at once to her heart; hut instead of that^ no sooner waa the dying woman.ma.de sensible of bis pre sence than she started right up in bed, with eyes flashing like thosa of" some/-Aveird prophetess, and poured on his heada-fitaoi of wild reproaches that made Mm crtatck lower and lower in the dust before her.-^At ■ ■ last she sank back exhausted in the^arma qf the woman in attendance, and faintlV motioned for a little Bible lying at -tbet bedside. V; "It is your Bible, Benny," sbe murmured^ in a gentle tone, that seemed to break ia ' like sunshine after storm; "and this tb® last time yoii' will ever, hear me speak. Put " your hand on it, Benny—quick! for I don't see so well—there, 1 can feel.your hand.' And you, kind, good friend, yufc your hand = on it, too. Now swear, both, of you to be brothers henceforth—swear it, or my dying curse shall rest on you!" " Oh! mother, mother!" cried the broke®' I man, in a tone of heart-rendiuar agony, " I swear it; but don't—don't die and leave me* I will do anything now—I will -becoiue honest—I swear it, before heaven -,and earth—only live tq say, I am forgiven A smile flashed for a moment over the sunken features of the: dying woman, and she tugged his hand close to lier bosom; -, _ "Put your arms round lite, Benny right, tight—and kiss me. I can die now—" happy—for. God has answered my prayer ' . She sank back as she spoke, and thus she died, with the arms of her son about "her, the radiant smile on her lips, and her eyes looking up towards the heaven to which she was drifting. ; Shortly after these .events, Rhodie, after consulting me, offered himself as a recruit for the army, and, notwithstanding stripes on his back, was duly passed,- tbjer®' being at the time a great demand for men. He was drafted for the Crimen, where;. I am proud to say, the same daring and reck lessness which had all along characterised him appeared in the form of bravery. Ha won many honors, and was discharged /for wards the close of the war with a full pen sion, and the loss of. his right arm. He is now in Edinburgh,,a kind of. overseer in a! builder's yard, and many a happy and pro fitable hour have I spent in the company of him and his family. JEjk'bqs ^yatqhed, th.q pi'Ogl'ese of these sketches with greafc ia-f' terest,- and repeatedly asked " When .1 was going to introduce him ?" As for "The Wire," I grieve to say that, not long after his friendly aid to me, he .was returning from Portobello Races on the top of a crowded coach, and, thinking to exer- • cise his skill once mere, got thrown down by an enraged navvy, and so received in juries that took him off in a few davs. He was rather an uncouth-look ng individual, and as he sauntered into the store the crowd sitting on the barrels winked at each other and made remarks abont his person. "Where did it come from?" asked one,.pointing to him. " Somebody left the door open, and it blew in," said another. " I don't think it's alive,1"■ > said a third. " Touch it and see," remarked a fourth. "Yes, it's a man—see it move?'' queried the first. All hands laughed boisterously.. "I'm.a poor man, and I don't want to have any trouble with anybody. I'm a Christian, and I don't believe in turmoil and strife, and can't partici pate in it. I pray you worldly-minded people that yon will allow me to depart iu peace," said the new arrival. One of the crowd, more daring than the rest, hammered the .mail's hat. down over his eyes, and another dabbed his hose full of molasses from a barrel standing by;" Then the poor Christian took a small volume from his packet and began reading the -Scripture®, in a drawling sing- song tone.,. While he was engaged at this the crowd played all sorts of tricks on him.' .One put some eggs in his pocket, another smashed tbem. Then the biggest man in the-'house poured some oil on his hat and lighted it. iThea the clerk bit him under the nose'with ;a cod fish. Then that man quietly put' the little volume in his coat-tail-pocket, and .- the .clerk went head first into the molasses barrel! When the biggest man in the house pieked himself up from under the counter it was next to an im possibility to gness where his nose left off'and codfish began. No. 1 made work for the glazier* and hit a ventilator in the window.- JNo. 2 hatched out half a barrel of eggs, and No". 3 got on the pie shelf and stayed there. As No. 4 walked out of the door on his back he wondered how much it would cost to make him-as good as new, and the poor Christian remarked:— "The next time you folks pick me up for a slouch, look out you ain't in the wrong pew. Good day, fellers." The clerk is waiting for them to come round and settle for damage done, but they must have forgotten where tne place •is, as they pass right by without looking in, and 'their bills remain unpaid. ■ ! Printed and Published by Thomas, Kiwq, .at the offices, King William 'and- Waymoutln streets, Adelaide. 