The Novelist. DOCTOR MERUEL'S STORY. [From the French, of Victor Cherbuliez.] (Continued.) "And who suffered most?" said I; "the Fairy Queen most probably. Every night she looked regretfully at an empty stall, and vented her ill humour upon Miss Perdrix, to whom she said: 'You are a fool my love, and behaved in a ridiculous manner the other night, You are altogether ignorant of the world: that isn't the way to behave to people. Rushing out on to a balcony, indeed! Balconies were not made for that! When a possible husband comes in — although per- haps somewhat abruptly — through the door or through the window, one does not threaten him with the police; one begs him to sit down, one comes to an understanding, and has an explanation with him. But fly into a passion, and make a fuss and scream, and Jackey is sure to wake — cry out — and off goes Mr. Edwards not to come back again! Miss Perdrix must have found it difficult to answer such reasoning as that." "Be fair, Doctor; place yourself in my position. "My dear, it seems to me I am doing so, as far as possible." Miss Perdrix was silent for a minute, then she went on. "Come now, my good sir, you are so clever, so shrewd, so sagacious, you find out everything; have you found out yet what sort of a man this Edwards was?" "I'm sure I don't know," said I. "Well, then, let me go on. You pretend to know everything, Doctor; do you know the best way to get rid of a trouble? Hunt up a fresh one! I got a fresh one, it so hap- pens, without hunting. That old witch whom I had turned off, swore that she would pay me out, and she played me a dreadful trick. Before she left she made Jackey eat some parsley; it killed poor Jackey, and Jackey's death, very, nearly was the death of me. However, I am always reasonable, and be- fore long I thought that you may say of par- rots as of kings, 'Jackey is dead! - long live Jackey!' So one day, as I was walking past the Louvre, I went into a bird-shop, and I saw just what I wanted. The shopman was an Arab, and I had some trouble to make him understand. While we were talking the sky suddenly turned black, and when I left the shop, with my new parrot, the rain was pouring down, and not a single cab in sight. Only fancy, how dreadfully awkward! But, as if by some enchantment, a closed carriage which was passing, stopped, and a man got out and came up to me. It was he! I assure you, Doctor, you never would have known him, he was so altered, so submissive, so humble, so respectful, so repentant. Al- though it was raining ever so hard, he re- mained uncovered, and scarcely ventured to look up at me. "Pray use my carriage," he said, "you can tell my coachman where to go." I thought this meeting could not be mere accident; it must be pre-ordained. So I laughed and answered, this time, "Yes!" I got in; he shut the door upon me, bowed, and was just moving off. But I felt a touch of compunction all at once. I did not like him to get wet, so I said quite softly: "You great stupid, there's plenty room for two." I had scarcely finished speaking when he was by my side, and off we went. We drove along for several minutes before he found a word to say. He leant back in his corner, and looked at me while he twirled and twisted his moustache. He evidently was awfully afraid that I might again be angry, and looked just like a dog who had got a whipping and was thinking of it! I wanted to look quite unconcerned, so I stroked my parrot carelessly. Suddenly a brilliant idea struck Edwards, and he called out —'If it was not the devil, it was that bird that drove me off the other night!'. "It was not this one," said I; 'it was another one, and I'm sorry to say it was the death of him!" "Are you still angry with me?" he said. "Very! and you must acknowledge that I ought to be. Pray who did you think you had to do with? Do you take me for a fool whom you can make believe just what you like, can make believe that by marrying you she could 'save two men from death?" He started, and turned quite pale, mutter- ing some unintelligible words. At last he managed to speak plainly. 'Forgive me,' he said, 'that letter was, I know, a most absurd one; but it was not my fault. The Fairy Queen who changed princes into beetroots had made of me a fool, and," —he added taking my hand in his but without squeezing it, holding it quite gently —'I am a poor sick man; you are my physician; what kind of a physician is he who refuses to cure his patients?' He was fairly started now, and went on without drawing breath for full ten minutes, placing his hand now upon his forehead, now upon his heart, mixing English with his French, passing from comic to tragic, from poetry to prose. There was abundance both of food and drink. I did not understand a quarter of what he said, and I couldn't repeat the song, but the music was really charming. "And what said Jackey, number two?" I asked. "Oh, dear me! they hadn't taught him how to speak," said she. We arrived at home at last, and I got out. Mr. Edwards took off his hat and said —'Will you let me come tomorrow at this hour to ask after this pretty parrot's health?" I only bowed, in a way that meant 'You may try —but I won't promise to receive you.' However, next day he came. I was out! "And the day after you were at home, and you accepted him?" said I. Miss Perdrix flew into a dreadful rage; she bounded off her chair and kicked it over, and I thought she would have taken her departure then and there, and I never would have heard the end of her amusing story. "I am going," she cried, "and you'll never see me any more! Really, doctor, you are too impertinent! The day after! That's what comes of being a doctor, of having a profession which brings you into contact with, all sorts of dreadful people. You don't believe there is a single modest, proper- minded woman! No one has either princi- ples or decent bringing up! What do you take me for? Don't you know that I was brought up in a convent, —I who speak to you; that I had the most careful training, and the best possible education, that I learnt grammar, astronomy, everything that women in the best society learn? The day after, indeed! Perhaps you'll be surprised to hear that I made him languish in despair for a whole week!" "My gracious! a whole week!" I cried, "that'll do; I believe in women now!" . I calmed and soothed her, and to finish up gave her a bottle of English smelling-salts, at which she sniffed quite greedily without requiring persuasion. She liked the salts, and the bottle also was very much to her taste; it really was a pretty one. She ques- tioned me a minute with her eyes, and quietly put the bottle in her pocket. Then at last she smiled, again, and when I had picked up her chair, she sat down, and quite recovered. "Well, we married," she said, "and for a month he was quite charming; I don't think really I had ever been so happy in my life. He was so kind, so obedient, so watchful, and full of tender thought. A word, and he was at my feet! He loved me madly —that's the kind of love to have —only madmen know how to give it. Had I let him he would have lavished all he had upon me, and I don't think his purse was very full; but, happily for him, I'm not like other women, like that Matilda, who would ruin a man to satisfy her whims. I prefer little pleasures and don't care for great ones— and little pleasures you can have, as many as you like for a hundred pounds a month —say perhaps two hundred, I mean of course without in- cluding clothes * * * * In short, he was perfectly contented and happy; and I for my part liked him better every day. It is just as pleasant for a woman to be able, with a look, to govern a man who frightened her at first, as it is to have a great big dog who barks like fury at everybody else, but whom she can beat and punish without his ever trying to give a little growl. "Only one thing troubled me,—my charming husband never would tell me anything about himself. When I asked him questions, he either kept obstinately silent or put me off with some ridiculous and exasperating story, invented on the spot. One day he would give me his sacred word of honour that he was a prince in disguise, persecuted by all his family; that he had resolved to remain in hiding until his father's death, and when that happened he would demand his rights and reclaim his crown, which at present was unfortunately in pledge in some Jew pawn- shop. He must have thought me much greener than I am! From my earliest days I have invariably been taught—" "At the Convent?" said I. "Yes! at the Convent; I have always been taught that princes are Russians or Italians, and that Jews won't lend them a threepenny bit upon their crowns. Another thing I have found out since then, which I did not know before; and that is that princes —real ones—those who are going to reign, keep quiet and don't gesticulate at all, and in worldly matters go straight for what they want. "Well, when he was in a pleasant mood nothing delighted Edwards more than reci- ting to me any quantity of English verse, and he always illustrated his recitations with striking gestures and grand attitudes. What- ever they may say, gesticulation has its charm, and his gesticulation pleased me." "I have it! Edwards was a mimic prince!" I cried, "a stage prince, taking his holiday!" "I tell you," she went on. "for a whole month he was delightful. But my mother could not bear him; she used to say, "My gracious! I can't stand that man." " Why so?" I'd answer. Then she'd say—'I don't know why; but I positively hate him, —you'll see, he'll be your evil genius; he'll play you some dreadful trick or other you may de- pend, before he's done. What a pity that you've married him!" We used to quarrel about him; you know doctor, we do quarrel together sometimes, — mother and I. I love her dearly, and she loves me, but she is the oddest creature, mother. Everything must be just as she likes, just according to her ideas. So we do not live together now. Oh! I assure you, doctor, I've behaved as well to her as pos- sible. I've nothing to regret; I've asked her over and over again to come and live with me again, — I've lots of room; but she says she prefers to live alone, though that does not prevent her from always poking round my place, finding fault with every- thing I do." "So he was charming for a month," I broke in somewhat impatiently. Miss Perdrix looked at me reproachfully, and, pointing to the clock, she said; "Have you got any particular business tonight, doc- tor? It's only a quarter to one." "And you, my dear, have you?" said I. "Don't trouble yourself for me. He's not in Paris. But really it is a pity you are not listening, doctor, you can't think what a sur- prise is coming!" "Well, do let us have this surprise at last my dear. When on earth shall we get to it? However charming may be my companions I never like to loiter on the road." "Patience, doctor, patience; we'll soon be there!" "One night when he came to the theatre to fetch me, he said the air was so mild, and the moon so bright, and the early spring time so charming and delicious, that we could not do better than spend the night roaming the woods. I thought this a de- lightful idea, and we went off. We wandered about, sometimes in our carriage, sometimes walking, until the morning. I had not a ghost of an idea of where we were going, or where we were; I only remember the scent of the violets, and also my occasional fears, when I thought I saw phantoms grinning at me through the shimmering moonlight. Edwards laughed at my fears, and explained to me that mist was only mist. (He was quite right there.) Towards daybreak I fell asleep, and when I awoke I found we were at Villebon. We played at skittles in the garden of the inn till they had breakfast ready for us. They laid it in a summer house, which I never hope to see again. I owe that summer house a grudge, although it was very pretty. My hair was all any- how, and I went up to put it straight. When I came down again Edwards had got a great English newspaper opened before him; he had brought it in his pocket. He glanced down the columns, and suddenly turned pale, shook his clenched fists and screamed: "Oh! the wretches! I recognize their miserable work!" "What have they done?" said I. He only shrugged his shoulders, and went on reading again, shaking his fist every now and then, and scowling. "Oh, well," I said, "I can't stand this. I thought we came here to amuse ourselves! What on earth is the matter? With whom are you so angry? Let them alone for good- ness' sake; I know nothing about them —no doubt they are very wicked people, we will admit that, but what difference does it make to you." I snatched the paper away from him and crumpled it up into a ball which I threw across the lawn as far off as I could. Well! we very nearly had a row. He showed his teeth, but he thought better of it, and after a minute he said with a forced smile upon his face—" By Jove! you're right. Let them work their will,—what odds is it to me?" "Of course, it's nothing to you," said I. "Nothing at all! My darling, I adore you, and I'm as hungry as a wolf—let's have breakfast!" He leant towards me, and looked at me fixedly across the table:— "You have the loveliest brown hair, and the loveliest little mouth in the world, and that brown hair is mine, and that little mouth is mine, and mine alone. And you have a sweet little dimple in your cheek, and that is also mine." "And" — he added as he filled his glass — "I believe in Rosa's pretty dimple, and in the Fairy Queen's good heart. As for the rest — the rest may go — the rest is nought to me." He began to eat ravenously, and to drink like a Pole. I knew from experience that when he drank too much he was unpleasant, so I tried to stop him, but I might just as well have talked to the table. "Let me get drunk!" he cried, " and then I shall forget them." "Forget whom?" said I. "Nobody!" I have no doubt it was 'those wretches' whom he meant, and he certainly did forget them. He became noisy, and outrageous, broke all the glass and crockery upon the table, because he said no one was worthy to eat off his Rosa's plate, nor to drink out of a glass which her divine lips had touched! He really said 'divine,' doctor; I am not putting the words into his mouth. All this amused me just at first, but after a bit I became annoyed; I am fond of fun, but I don't like people to be noisy; I don't like people to waste money stupidly, and you may imagine the broken crockery figured pretty heavily in the bill. But what I hate most is quarrels, and Edwards always would get quarrelsome in his cups—he quarrelled with the waiter, with the landlord, with the peasants, with his chair, with the wind, and with everybody and everything. I saw that things were going too far, so I seized his cane and threatened that I'd give him a hideing if he did not stop, and come home with me at once. He calmed down then, and we went off, in rather bad humour; but we made friends on the way, and were all right before we got to Paris. I left him for the theatre, and when I came back at midnight he was quite sober; but unfortunately he had managed to get another copy of that abominable English newspaper, and as soon as he saw me he cried out: 'Yes! They are wretches! and the greatest wretch of the lot is he! is he! I won't soil my lips by mentioning his name!' He struck his head with his clenched fist and said - 'Ah! you don't know what there is in here!' Nor have I the slightest inclination to find out," said I, very sulkily; "I'm dread- fully sleepy." "So am I," said he, with the greatest coolness, sitting down again to read his newspaper. Perhaps it was two hours later when I was startled with a noise of glass breaking upon the floor. I raised myself in a great fright and looked; Edwards had, let the lamp burn down, and the chimney had burst up. He was sitting at the foot of my bed - stiff and stark - his arms crossed upon his chest, looking fixedly at something or at somebody invisible to me. "The lamp, the lamp!" I cried. A sudden quiver passed through his frame and he turned hurriedly round. He looked like a man who had just passed twenty four hours at the bottom of a well, and is surprised to see the light again. He got up, smiled, came to me and quietly closed my eyelids, kissed my forehead fervently, put out the light, and noiselessly passed out. (To be continued.) 