Jlmnaeramte. THEATRE ROYAL. " BLUEBEARD." On Saturday night the Adelaideans were treated to a rather carelessly cooked dish of borlesqne as a sort of dessert after the more solid intellectual refreshments served up at the Theatre .Royal daring the previous performances. The audience turned np in good force, dis tributing themselves very fairly over all parts of the house, and evidently came prepared to explode over anything bearing the most remote resemblance to fan. The relish reserved for them as a special Saturday-night treat was represented as " Reece and FarnieV most suc cessful burlesque "Bluebeard, or the Heathen Chinee," which has been played with Buch success in the colonieB. Whether the authors of the burlesque can be credited with it exactly as it was rendered on Satuiday night, barring the localisms, is a ques tion very much open to doubt, as the burlesque seemed to be pretty nearly all "gag" and as disconnected as a hurst bag of marbles; hat, notwithstanding that, it took remarkably well in parts and was admirably mounted. The performers to all appearance started in a happy go-lucky fashion, each going on his or her own merits, end only sticking to the text where it came convenient or invention failed. If this wa8nottbe case, and the burlesque was rendered as written, then the authorship must have been rather mixed and a' good thing spoilt in the making. The makes-up were as picturesquely absurd as any lover of artistically created fun could wish; some of the dresses were brilliant and the mechanical effects very good, especially the " village of Latakai at sunset" and the " dazzling j hall of many nuptials." One of the prettiest, : most successful, and at the same time most . mirth- provoking scenes was that in which a whole host of little hoys and girls came on the stage dressed in' the quaint English costume of a hundred odd years ago, when bag wigs, knee breeches, flapped waistcoats, quilted petticoats, and ceremonious politeness were the fashion. These old-style youngsters went through an old fashioned country dance in such a comically grave businesslike way that the whole house was convulsed with laughter, and the children, who were applauded to the echo, were impera tively encored. Another source of success was Mr F. Thome's "Heathen Chinee"—a per formance in which the talent of that gentleman as a comedian is fully displayed. The make-up as a Celestial of the Ah-Sin type was excel lent, even to the smile ^"childlike and bland," and the peccant propensities of that historical heathen. Mr. Thome also took the part of Corporal Zong-Zong, from which he de veloped into the childlike Chinee, and made merry at the expense of everybody's risi ble muscles. The truculent many-wived Bluebeard was rendered by Mr. John Owen, who was very amusing, and displayed little less disposition to go out of the beaten track into the regions of "gag" than the rest. Mr. W. Reynolds developed no end of fun as Ibraham, and Mr. G. P. Carey showed The O'Shacabac—a sort of Oriental- Irish retainer of Bluebeard's—iu a most ludicrous light._ Mrs. G. B. Lewis as Selim, Miss May Vivian as Fatima, and Miss Jessie Dixon as Said brought considerable life and spirit into the burlesque, while the rest of the company, along with those whose duty it was to " stand around and look comical," helped to " hurry up the fun" in their best style. White's Rooms.—D'Arcy Read's Ghost enter tainmcnt still holds ground at this place of amusement, and is becoming more popular. The Season.—A correspondent rending at Narridy says that the crops in that neighbour hood are looking splendid, and if the yield is anything like what it promises to be the season ■-will teVprosperbusdne. -- ' 