SPORTING. THE A.J.C, SPRING MEETING. [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] [PER REUTER'S AGENCY.] SYDNEY, Wednesday. The Autumn Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club was continued to-day. The following is the result of the Cup :- THE SYDNEY CUP. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft., or 2 if declared by March 19,1870, with 500 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 50 sovs., and third 20 sovs. from the prize. The winner of the V.R.C. or A.J.C. St. Leger of 1879 to carry weight for age, if handicapped below that weight. 2 miles. Mr. H. Power's g h Savanaka, 4 yrs, 8st. 7lbs. (including 5 lbs. penalty) 1 Hon. Jas. White's b h Chester, 4 yrs, 9st. 5lbs. ... 2 Mr. Eli Jellett's b or br c Bosworth, 7st. 12lb. ... 3 This was a grand race, and was won by a length. Time-3min. 30 8-10ths, secs. Savanaka, the winner of the Cup, is by Kingston from Sappho, one of the grandest brood mares in the Australian colonies, for she is the dam of such turf celebrities as Lecturer (who was never beaten), Kingsborough, Emily, and Nellie. The two first- named are full brothers of Savanaka, and the others half sisters, for they are by the imported Tim Whifller. All three were bred by Mr. George Lee, of Leeholme, New South Wales ; and well might that gentleman be proud of his favourite mare Sappho. Mr. Lee is not by any means a large breeder, but what he has bred have been of the right stamp. Savanaka is the property of Mr. Herbert Power, for that gentleman made an exchange-if we re- member rightly-with Mr. Geo. Lee, the latter giving " Sava " for Feu d'Artifice ; the first named previous to this having been running in the interests of Mr. Power. Savanaka is trained by Mr. James Wilson, of the ever dangerous St. Alban's stable, and it has been rumoured in town that a day or two ago, this clever trainer, took 3,000 to 1,000 that the horse won the Cup. Reuter wires that the time taken was 3min. 30 8-10ths secs., and, if this is correct, it is the fastest time on record in the colonies for that distance, the nearest approach to it being Goldsbrough's Metropolitan win in 1875, namely, 3min. 32 1-5 secs. It might not be out of place to quote the opinions of some of our contem- poraries across the straits in referring to the Cup race. "Pegasus," in the Sydney "Town and Country" journal of Saturday last, says :-"The second day is big with the fate of Cup favourites, and outsiders, and all Leger and Cup doubles, as well as Mr. Jones' great consultation, will find their level at the end of those two miles ; to settle all of which affairs comfortably there are nine-and twenty still left, with First King and Chester at their head. The immense gallop done by the latter on Monday morning, when, to use my informant's expression, " he had a horse at every post, and made a winning post of each," has caused his admirers to consider this race, as well as every other he may start for, all over, except draw- ing the cheques, but what a wonder he must be to give such lumps of weight to a lot of real racehorses that are behind him ; for, after all, the field is a good one for quality, if ever a field of nags stripped for this Cup race. I put nothing out of the power of Chester and never shall when he's fit and well, as he must be now, or he couldn't have compassed what was predi- cated of him on this last Monday morning ; so, he'll be a very difficult one to deal with when the struggle crops up between the distance post and home. I'm going, however, further down the list to find my probable winner ; for, surely, weight must tell sometimes, and there are more real racehorses now to the fore than when ' ' The Black Demon "used to cut down our big handicap fields in the first mile and choose his own pace to travel it afterwards. The animals expect to see in front this time are Savanaka, Tocal, and K. C. B., which trio, with the Queensland Olivia, I take to be the best lot to trust to; and such reasons as I have for my thinking are summed up in this wise. Tocal was about as brilliant a piece of horseflesh as we had as a three-year-old, lacking only determination ; and what he has done of late days brings me to the conclusion that he has had this great desideratum strenthened so as to be a proper assist- ant to his brilliancy. That The Barb will have a day as a sire I have always been convinced; and the present belief is that Tocal and K. C. B. are going to commence proceedings with this end in view before much more time is over their heads. Mr.Tait's, colt only requires time, or I should say, perhaps, has only required it, to make him a grand racehorse ; and, I always look for such colts to show their improve- ment at the latter end of their three-year-old season. There's nothing too good to expect from a horse bred like Savanaka, and the weight isn't too much for him now we know he can stay and struggle home-a faculty possessed by no horses to a larger extent than by those of the Sir Hercules-Kingston combination. I go, therefore, on the present occa- sion, for the descendants of Sir Hercules to make a great show, and expect Tocal and Savanaka to be first and second, with K.C.B. and Olivia next best. There are a whole host of the 29 left in that haven't the ghost of a show, and might as well have been left out ; but the two top weights, Andover, The Dean, Savanaka, Wellington, Bosworth, Tocal, Whisker, Olivia, Soothsayer, K.C.B., and perhaps a couple more, would give a race worth going miles to see. Lots of the others can only be in the way." "Augur" telegraphed to the "Argus" of Saturday last as follows :- 'The probable starters for the Cup are Chester, Richmond, Andover, The Dean, Savanaka, Wellington, Bosworth, Black Eagle, Tocal, Crusader, Whisker, Colima, Olivia, Jack o' Lantern, Royal Oak, Egmont, The Rake, Trump Yoss, K.C.B., Falcon, Santa Cruz, and Blantyre. Of this lot I think the best half-dozen are Chester, Tocal, Sav- anaka, Olivia, Trump Yoss, and K C.B. The best of' Wilson's should be hard to beat, and as the weight may prove a little too much for Savanaka, I shall stand Tocal, KC.B., and Olivia, though Savanaka is so good that it is difficult to say what he can do when he is wanted." The remarks of "Nemo" of the "Sydney Mail" are very lengthy, but he states :-"The general verdict appears to be that Tocal is the better of Mr. Wilson's pair, and it may be the chosen one of the day; but, as far as my judgement goes, I much pre- fer Savanaka, for he has proved his ability to see the journey to the end, and his form at the late V.R.C. Autumn Meeting was particularly brilliant. How- ever, one would have to be well posted up in owners' intentions before attempting to split this dangerous pair, and I would advise your readers to watch the market movements of the night before the race, when, no doubt, a guide will be forthcoming," and he sums up by saying :-" The race should be a good one all the way, and I am inclined to think that the numbers will tell a tale somothing resem- bling the following :-Chester, 1 ; Wilson's best, 2 ; Olivia or Trump Yoss, 3." The following is a complete list of winners of THE SYDNEY CUP.- Two Miles. ill 1800 1807 1808 18110 1S70 1871 1872 187a 1874 187ÍÍ 1870 1877 1378 1S7U McKrlllr .. C. 11. KIIIIPI J. Tait .. J. Tait .. K. Loo .. K. Tuomoy <». Illuka .. (.. Otilinriiii J. Smith ... O. H icing .. llomon ... w. um ... T. Wliltn ... li. £<>uor ... Slri). Tinja.; i'nttoiiclnn .. /Inhlinuk ,. I'll« Karl» .. I'lio ll.trb .. Barbullo.. .. Wornmlil Tlia I'rophot Vlxon . .S|IO(!Ullltloil .. Iiiiiiorliil A. T. ... Kltu'llilier lli'inormt ?Sivmiml.il mi Sir Tfcrculas.. Plaboriniin ... air Hercules.. Sir Múrenlos.,. Sir llórenlos... KliiB Alfroil Now Wnrrlor Yattendon Kingston Maribyrnong .. ¡Turraron .. Kulplu .. .. «¡'inn ill V'gy ¡I l18 (MO ..'Munition ii. .00 8-10 343, s 41*' 8 40 ¡110 843 8 40 :i sa] 8 40 8 39 3 80 3 37} , 3 80 1-fl n£?RM'(!Tíií'7;Mlw S 4 AIIPNS Womn'anAia ItEsioiirn (tho Gomuno only in Pink Paper Wranpora) iimu fuis to iLst it liiey Hair to ils jouthful colour, imp irtliur to it now life, (.rowtli and lustioiw beauty. Its action is OLitmi mil tliqroufch qmdcly bnnlslmu gioj.Rss It is not a ilyo It ovei pi ovos itself the palin ii soieii,tlionoi cif tue II ni Its superiority and extduiico »rn established thiou hoot the world Wholesale of 1 ixrov Gltiuwvni' & (Jo, Melbourne. ¡hictatataL °.lisml'u ** ***»» U 