LONGr CONCEALED. CiAl TrlR XXIX, GnEAT was the consternation at Blakely that morning, for the young squire had been found murdered in the wood off theo Prid ham road by some boysg gathering sticks. Tlhey had given the alnrm at, the nearest cottage and brought the cottiger with them to show the horrid thing they had found. He at once recognised the body and posted off to Blaklely. Mrs. Gandy was the first who was made acquainted with the ghastly news and stopped the man from carrying it to the Hall. She was not a sensitive or a sympathising woman, as the reader well knows, but it gave 1her a great shock. "Who is to tell hlier? " was thile first thought that flashed upon her. " What an awful judgment I" was thie second; for in an instant a dreadful suspicion darted across her mind. "lad the two brothers mot, and - . No, that was not possible: Charles had taken tihe direct road; and besides, his uncle was with him. But how came Robert in that place ? The coachman had deposited him safely in tihe Norwich hotel. "Yon must bhe mistaken," she oried, turning to the man; " Mr. Blitely was driven to Norwich, where hlie was going to ~take tlhe train to London yesterday after noon. It can't be him; lhe wouldn'ut have any business on the Pridham road." " Well, missus, I've worked on the estate over since tihe young squire came," replied thie man, " aid I ought to know 'un by this time. However the body '11 be brought here directly and then you can see for yoursol'." And a few moments afterwards a small cart, the top covered with potato-sacks, drew slowly up to the gate. And then two men.took out of it a heap of dark-stained olotheos, out of which hung a livid, blood besmeared head. They bore it into the lodge. One glance revealed to Mrs. Gaudy the truth of the messengeor's words. It'was laid upon the sofai and a white sheet was * fetched from above and put over it and the . men were sent away again. " I shall havo to break the news to her, I \- suppose," muttered MIrs. Gandy. -At thalt moment a sudden thought struck her. She ran to the gate and called back the man belonging to the cart. " Waill you go to Norwich for me," she asked, " and take a letter to the tolegraph office ? " "What office " asked the man. "I'll write it down for you and you can ask when you got to Norwich. Go there and backl in three hours and 1'11 give you five shillings." "Give us hold, missus; I'll do it!" cried the mana, waklting out of his stupidity at the mention of such a sum for three hours' worlk. Sho ran backl into the lodge, wrote out -the message, put it into ai envolope directed to the "tolcgraph-office, Norwichl," gave the messonger two shillings to pay for it, and saw him lash the miserablo donkey into a gallop and rattle up the road. Thoen, with a white, troubled coniten anseo, she walked slowly up the drive to perform her dreadful task. The footman, who was standing at the door, and who informed her that Mr's. Blakely was in her bondoir, was struck with the peallor and strango expression of hlier count nance; cud it was soon wlhispered imono the servants that fMrs. Gaudy was closet d with theo mistress and talt someo thing was wrong. They wore ever on the watch now for the strrange aud the extra ordinary. Having communicated his news, tlhe foot-* man strolled b:ack to thm hall again in the hope of hearing or seeing somothing that might give him a clue to "what was up now," as hlo phrased it. Ho had not returned l to his post many minutes before a wild shriek thrilled through his ears, followed the next momcent by the sound of a door daslhed open, hurirying footsteps, and the voicos of two women one in enoutreaty, one in lamentation. " Stop, stop, madam, for heavon's sake I" cried one. " My boy--my child I where is hle ?" shriekled the other. Down tho stairs, with her wild, burning eyes almost starting from her head, with frantic haste, past the affrightod footman, and out at the door rushed the grief-strickeni mnotlhor--and afLotr her, trying in vain to stop hlier, came Mrs. Gaudy. "What ever is the matter ?" asked Jamues, as the lodge-keeper, perceiving the uselessnoss of the pursuit, tottered and sank t'osblinig 0upon1 a chair. "Give me some wator I " sho gasped. Ho ran and fotched heor a tumbler of water. "The young squiro is brought home, murdored I " she answered, as soon as her trembling lips could framo the words. Thlrousghl the great houseo, from top to bottom, as tholuglh it had boon whispored by a hundred tolngues anld echoed balc by a *hundred others, ran the terrible lows, Sblanching overy chleclk and striking fear to overy heart. Thile servants huddled together iu an aweo sti'ikonl groiup like birds betforo a tlhundor storm; Into thIe gardoens and the fields and thie cottages and the roads flow the dreadful fact, appalling tho boldest as well as the most timid; and soon about the lodge-gate gathorod a crowd of mol, womoe, and children, scakliugin aweo-stricken wlhispeors, straining their eyes towards one spot with the fascination of terror, and listoning with chilled hearts to the shrieks and sobs of the wrotched paront. Within was a piteous spectacle. Helin, her gray hair tangloed about her face, as sho had clutched it inll her anguish, olasping the dead body in her ombraco and bo smearing her facE with ita d:ark, stagnant gore. oSuddenly springing ulp, with tho fiee and gesture of an At6, she cried, "who lhas has done this deed? Wheroe is the dss troyor ? B3ring him to me--give him into my hands I" yThe women shranlklt backl terrified bafore her furious looks and olutching hnlinds. "It is not known who's done it," began Mrs. Gaudy, faintly. SWhat I " shrioeked the fury. " My child lies massacred thoro and the guilty wrotch not captured, and you, all of you "--anld r she ran to the door and looked out upon 1 tile crowd, who fell back with seared looks at thie fiendish face--" all of you stand there like stocks and stonos, never socking him, whlile my darling's blood cries out for venogeance Away with you n! A hundred poindsd-a tiousaldl --all 1 possess, to thie man who brings mue this mionster " Away tled the crowd lio a flock of vul tures who scent carrion in the air. They tlougit not of tle madness of the worrds- of the impossible task they proposed to tlcmsclcves; they tihought ocfly of thie pro mised gold I Ah, could thley but clutch it! And th ththoughco t convelrted every man, woman, and child into iluman bloodlounds on thile instant. Back to hier nmacgled love went thi wretched motler. "Is it ibr this I Ihave toiled and schoemed and sincned- steeped my soul in crimen sold myself to Sctan-t- o sos you, my beautifcl, tly darling, cut off in tie flower of your youthl, aid by such a fate I " she cried. Thie butler and thie ladly's-maid, who were in tile room001, exccihanSged glances. Thie imystery to all was, how Robert Bllakcly had come to be found in the Prid lham road. Hellen knew not where hie had been found-- she nlever asked tile question; hlier grief cwas too over overwhelming for questions. D)uring tlc day hews was brMSght that a hIorse, with thle shattered remains of some colnveyance still clinging to him, hadll boon foend, terribly mutilated, in a by-laneo a few miles from the Hall. WhenC , in til next Imorninig's paper's, tie livery stable-keeper frLom whom thie trap hlad boeen hired, and who had in the mean tinme been using overy means to discover what had become of it and the hlirer--when heo.read thie account of thie nmurdcr anid tihe finding of thie lorse, he camne over to Blakely anid identified tihe dead lman as tihe ona Wiho had taken away thi vehicle and thie ho'se as the one that le hIad harUnesosed forMhim. Buu this only served to hoighton tihe mystery. The police, stimulated by the fatnclous rewards offered by Helen, were using un usual exertions to discover the murderer. Thie hu and cry was raised over thie wholo country and every suspicious-looking person dogged and watched or imprisoned as vaga bonds in tihe hiopo of some proof turning up against them. Thero was only one person who could have thrown a light upon IRobort Blakely's presence in tile Pridhaim road and sho was silent. As we Ihave recorded in a former chapter, upon hearing tihe shriek and soeing tile run-away horse diash past her, Carry Ihadi fled back to Blakecly. When she left tihe farm, all woro in bed oxcept i her father, who as usual was in Norwich, whenc ie ewas shortly to bring a secondi Mrs. Los. She ihad left tihe door upon tihe latch and found it so when she retcurned. Thus shie go6t back to her own room without any person discovoeringher escapade. cBut during thie wholo night she suffered an agony of terror. Sho could not slhake olff the impression that sometlingg droadful had happened, and yet at tihe same time she felt intenosely tllankiful thit her proposed flighit had beeon interrcupted. But when, next morcning, one of tVle maids brought thie news to she dairy tchat Mr. Blakely chad been found dead and waNs brought to tile lodge in a cart, she fell down iin a state of insensibility. Amidst tihe terror and confilsion that prevailed, tihe circumstance was scarcely noticed; but Carry did not leave her bed for several days, and when at last she was able to be about the farm again, lookeod only tihe ghost of her former self. But to return to thie day on wlhich wo opoened this chaptcr. No persuasion could induce Ielen to leave tlhe corpse of hlier son or take any frfshmenct beyonid a little brandy. With iher own ihands she laid out tie body and washedi it and clothed it in its last gear. Sho would allow no other Ihand save her own to touchc it. Thioe, as tlhough tile fountain of her tears woro dried up, she sat down calnly beside it, staring at it from out of tihe dark, cavercous sockots of hIer eyes, rigid and motionless, giving no other sign of life tlcan an occasional Iardc, dry sob. IMrs. cGandy towardis oveninig beogan to watch for thie arrival of Charles. Slould hie oenter tihe lodge suddeinly and come face to face with HIelen in hlier present state of mind tile shock might prove fcstal to hlier. So sho passed tic latter part of thie ovening wandorinig cabot bietweoen thio gato and tihe drive, which indeed sld mlcllh prcfoerrod to beinig alone witih tlcit awful wonmaen odi tile dead man, for Gandy ihad 1gon10 up to tihe Hall early in tiho day. But accidient frustratedi her procautions, and broughtt about thie event thlat for hioursi she had boon andeoavouring to proent. About ten o'clock she hceard Heolen's voice calinig upon her namo. Sho went into the lodge and wai s desired by liher mistress to go up to tie Hall acnd order ain oidor dlown quilt anud a mattress to be brought down to hler. Very unwillingly, Mrs. Gandy obeyed thi order. Sheo wacs soarcoly out of lhearing, when a cab drove np to tlhe gate, out of which jumpied Charlos ancd l)oerbr'ook. Thie gato was unfortunately cjar, Mrs. Gandy Ihaving extonded her walk occasionally into tihe road to look out for any convoyanco ap proachling in the distance, anid wlhen sum moned by her mistress she hlcd forgotton to closo it. Having paid tihe cabmnc, tley Ihurinored into tile grounds, OCharlos first, and without pacusing for a momont, lie lifted the latch of thi lodgo-door; but i he did not advance farther than tihe thresllolld. In a soc'nd his eye tookl icn the wholo soenc-the corpse lying bonoeath til whiteo sierot, thc mother watclcing by its side. HIo motioned back Deorbrook with hi hand, anid wouild have rot'eatoedl himself, but at t.,hat moment I-olon tcuned Iher hIedi and ier eyes fell fall upon thie fce of him whom sheo believed had by this time perished of Ihungor and whoso avocnging spectro seil now fanucied ihad come to oexult over this awful retribution. Vithlout uttoring a sound, she rose upii Lrom her chair--not, is if by ana tural sotion, but as if lifted by somo moolhanical power-l-hor eyes dilating until .tiOhey seemed ready to burst from their sockets. Their' umonarthly gazo rooted him to the spot; .he could not stir. She gasped as though trying to speak, pointed to the body, buirst into a fit of wild laughtecr, and fell senseless. When Mrs. Gandy returned, shlo found Charles kneeling upon the floor, supporting the wreotched woman's head 111)0upon1 his knOee, while D)cerbrook was trying to pour some brandy between her clenched teeth. 'Thle itwo tboltncn who had brought down the matdtress etood loolking oni in thie back ground, James immediately recognising in tihe stranger the man who had so myster iously disapleared. " This is what I feared," exclaimed Mris. Oandy; " the shock ihas killed hlier I " "No, shel is still living," answered Charles; " limut I fear that death in her case would have boeen a moro merciful dispoen sation." Mr. Deerbrook, wlo was most anxious that Charles should not now remain un acknowledged even for a singleo hour, un deterred by the awful solemniity of tile scene, seized uipon thIe present moment to strilke tlhe first blow. "This," he said, turning to the two servants anid pointing to his nelohew- " this is your future master, Mr. Ciharles Blakely I " " Silence I " exclaimed (Charles, sternly. " This is niot a tiiuo to speIak such \words." " ' Le r ( cst maort, rifr I s'Ol / '-that has been tile forlmula since thie world bcgan," mutteredl l)eerbrook, not to be alashid at a reproof. Hle saw the two men staro at each other; hlie had gainoed a great point. The nows would go immediately into the servant's hall and thence would spread speedily tlnoughlo ut the neighbourhood. They improvised a litter with tlhe mat tress, laid tie wretched Helen upon it, spread tie cider-down quilt over her, iand bore her to tlo lIHall. That awful nighlit was nIever forgotten never thought of in the long after years without a shludder--.by any one wh.o passed it beneath the roof of Blakcly HIall. Only threeoo persons wore permitted to enter HIelen's roomo-Mrs. Gaudy, Charloes, anid Docrbrook; anid a terrible t ask was thelirs to hlold tie mnadwoman down ahd prevent her laying violent lmnds upon her self or upon them. Unloosed from the bonds of reason, her guilty soul gave forth its scorets and mad uess pictured to her eyes the images of her many crimes. it raised up before her the imago of her ill - fated sister, and from her ravings, Chalrles soon gatheored the trueno story of the crime, and wondered no longer at Wieolad's unwillingness to reveal it to him; and Wioland's namno was over oin her lips, as though somo evil she had done him preyed heavily upon her mind; but of what nature she did not confess. In the fearful phantalsmagoriaL that was passing through her brain, Edith, WiClemd, Charles perishing of lhunger, lher own child struck dowi in his early manhood, jostled each other in wild confusion. Jusst as the night was passinig away, and the morning broke in cloudy gloom, thle end Ever cool, clear-h1aded, and loolking to the main chance, Deerbrook quickly re coverod from the offects, of the, dreadfilful scone hle had witnossed, Wlhich hi~d nul strung oven his callous norves for a timo, and proposed an immediateo sonerch for papers. Charles, more chivalrous, would have shown some outward respoect to tlhe dead by deferring the search; but Dooeerbrook .re minded him of the necessity of prompt and immediate action, and ho unwillingly yielded to such argumoents. It was Deoorbrook of course who con ducted the nsearch. "In hlier boudoir there is a shiall, old fisshioned cabinet, which she brought here with her. Whatover privito papers there may be will be found tlhoro," he said. To her boudoir they went, and unlocked the cabinet. Doeerbrook took no trouble to examine the various drawors, to which hle could have had inmediateo access. "There is nothimtg in thoso of immodiate consequence," hI 'said. " We must look for tile secret receptacles." After a long and minute search, hIo fbuid one in the back of the cabinet, a square pioco of which he slid back, and disclosed a nich filled with lipapers.' But the very simplicity of tile construction of this secret receptacl would have baffled any one but such an adept as hlo. Thoro was no knob, no spring, no indentation; thle panel could be pushed aside oilty by a irmn pressure of the iiand. The papers woro taikon out and eageorly examinued. Theore weoro several packots of letters, a diary kept bly HeOlen during her first sojourn at Bslakely, and a sealed packet, addressed in a handwriting which Deor brook at once declarced to be that. of Rlobdrt Bllakely, thle eler. It bore tlhis super scription, in fsded ink :--"'Papers to be do livered to Ernest WViolhand at my death." By nioon that day Charles was'once more omi tihe road to London. GIATl'?TEi XXX. )oerblrook romained at Blakoly to super intonl thoe arrangoinemnllts for thile inqullelst, tho doublo funeoral, and as tho ropresentativo of tho heir. HeIo was much averso to Charlos's ournoy. "You should not quit the placo," he urgedil. "" t has a suspicious look. Telo graph to your solicitor to como down," "Impossiblo I " answorol Charlos. "I havo businoss which i must personally soo to this day--business as important; to mo, ayo, and muoro so, than the poosssion of these norou. Bu1t I pledge you my word thalt I will bo back within twonty-four hours." " Thoro's a woman in the caso, I'll be sworn," muttered I)oorbrook. " What idiots mon aro I And theoro was a womnan in the caso when poor Bob met his death in theo Pridham road. I'll tako odds Carry Loo could toll what brought him thoro." IHIo wont to tihe dairy to look for hor sho was not thoro. H:o won~ t to the farm, and learneod that sho was ill in bod. " Thalt confinmns my suspicionu," hlo mut tlorol; "but I shall got tho truth out of her at tlheo first convonionet opportunity.'. Upon arriving at Shoroditch, Charles liroed a cab and dlrovo to Wiolandl's. After all, ho would not bo so long bohind tihe ap pointed time. Blanucho was out-it was ono of heor oteaching dlays. Wioland was"alono, lio held out hIis hand as his visitor entered, but as he looked ill his face, Cexclaimed, " are you ill ? Hlow hnggard and fevored you look I" " I hiave niot been to bed since I saw you yesterday, and have had only )one night's rest for a week," he replied. In answer to Wielad's asltonimshed look, lie gave him a brief nsrratiive of all that had lippcd to him since his return to E]ngland, scarcely a week baeck. Ilis listener inter rupted himi by f'requent ejaculations of isym lsathy ; but wlen hle related the treatment lie had rccEived fronc lielcn, Wielalnd's horror and iligination ]knew no bounds. "Ah, that terrible woman My pioor boy, what an escape I " hie continued to re peat; and such ejaculations \\\'ere silOeced only when tlhe story gave tlhe details of lher torrible death. " What su awfuIl judgiment I Truly divine justico never sleeps," hie said, re verently. " Andl see here," concluded Charles, pro ducing the placket hle had fobund in tlhe secret drawer of the cabinet. " Hero are papers iaddressed to you." " Ah, thoso papers I " cried Wi d, eagerly---" give them to me. What would I have given to have had tleom back twenty years agol .hl, Ilwhat teortre tlhey would have saved mec I hut for those papers your motlher would niot lie now uniavncged in her gravo. No, no I " lie cried suddenly, and trying to recall his words. " I should not say sol I I---" " You c:annot withhold the secreot from me any lolnger," interrupted lharles. "I kInow that Robert Blakcly, my fathor, was tny mother's enurderer I " " He was," "sweorod Wioland in a low toneo; " ut I. do not think I should over have darod to tell tihe so such a secret of the fiether." " And you, nioble, geionerous man, during twenty-two yesrs lhive borno the odium of this crime. And tlhat iinjustic might attain its climnsax, I, abovo all beingsi in tihe world -I, the son of tihe guilty man--I, whom you Ihad rescued from destitution, and showeored such bonofits, such blessings upon as' no men eover yet received from anothlor--I ilung the crinio in your teoth I O I how I hate myself when I think of that I " " Iushi, ashc, my poo' boy I " answerOCd Wielhnd, soothingly. " You rep)roach youlr self unjustly. 1 aml not so guiltless as you imagine, for have I not through all these yeaors preserved the guilty secret, and - Buhit I will tell you the wholo story, and you can jundge for yourself. " When I first came over to Englanid, driven out of my own country by tyramnly and oppression, I Ihappened to tLakeo lodgingsl in the samo house with tihe IDoorbrooks. The family consisted of EIlwhard and Hlolcn ])earbrook, anid their sister Edith, married to Rloblert Blakeoly. I soon made their ac !quaintanco, anid being a strangor in a foreigns land, with no friends save a few poor Ihunted down compatriots, I cultivated their friendshdip. I quickly discovered that tlheir circumstances were greatly embarrassed, and having a tolorably good income sat my disposal, I---well, I begged Iltakely that lie would commnd myo purse. B3ut I made another and much moro painful discovery Swhich was, tlit Robort Blakeoly nogloted hIis wife, and frequently reproached her with being tihe cause of hIis present poverty. " She bore all hIis roproachloes with the mocelness of an ansgel. O I how my heart bled for iher. Never weoro two beings moro utterly dissimilar thian yosr mother and hier sister. At that time I had an almost equal respect for both. Heolen Deorbroolk was thon an accomplislhed woman, with a powerful, masculino mind, whoso freedom of opinion anid contempt for convention alities greatly lcharmued me. We were much together, and her preference for my society flatteored me. My ovenings weoro mostly spent in tlhe company of tlhe two ladies, for tle gentlomon cwere usually absent. "At last IBlakely's fsther died, and he succoeded to the estate. As I had at vari ous timnes advanced him sums of muonoy, Ihe thought it I suppose a complimont due to invite me to Blakely. Ioe could have lhandl no other motivo, as fi'iendslip, I am sure, had notlhing to do with the invitation, for lhe nover cared for mo. I accepted it becauso I wished to see tihe lifo of IEnglishl country gentry, and I wished once more to enjoy the society of the dear ladies. They ]had boon settled some tilnoe however at Blokely before I weont down. " To my regret I discovered that .onjcugal matters were in nio moro satisfactory condi tiosn now thans in tlhe poor days; and worso thacn all, the poor wife lhad a rival now in a bold, brilliant, riod very ihandsomo woman, Ia me'rchant's widow, reputed to 1)be very rich. The world belioved that Mrs. ]Blakcly was blind to this fiact. She was not; bo neath hlier yiotlding gentloeness thoro was a world of womanily pride, and sho would not gratify tihe malicious gossips by showing the wounds thact tortured her in secret. I was tihe only one in whom she confided; for I noticed, with regrot, that that cordi ality whlich should exist betwoeen sisters was absent friom tihe lives of these. And becauso scanidal could niot enjoy thIe sight of hlier misery, it turned its fncgs upon hier; and tihe vile world could not behold a pureo fieiondalship betwoeen two of opposito seox without trying to selly it withl theoir foul broeatlhs-to drag it down to the infanoy of their own lrurient icmaginatiocis. " I loved Edith Blakely with mccih aI love as I would have given to a dear sister. Had shel not boon a wifo --al, then I mights Iihavo worshipped her as a lover I B3utI solemnly swear, as I hope for salvation, that no dis .lonoring tlought ctrossed tIo mind of oitlor. Biut people sapecoted us ; the husband sus pected us. I did not lnow it at the time, or I would nost have romalned an hlour under thast roof. " Iln tie meantimo myself and Helen wore as close friends as over, and the gossips gave us to eachl other an lovers. " I tlhinlk I montioned just now the nmno of Edward DI)ceorbrook, tihe brothor-a wild young spendthrift, who, in his fathler's life timo, Ihad rul away from his ihonie beoonuse ho wvould not sunbmit to wholesome restraint, and ha lld afterwards led a dissipated lifo in ILondon. I hrad used miy influnceo to pro cure himn a situation with a friend of mineo, a wiio-merolhint, at Bordeaux, as muanaging clork and English correspondent ; and I hopoed, by renmoving hlim from hIis old. ihaunts and associates, that ho might amond his lifo. But my hopes weore disappointed. "I now come to the fatal night. You have of course heard all the known particu lars, and thcreforo 1 need not enter into theom. Just as I was about to leave for the ball a s;ervant brought me two leater:i tlhat had just arrived. 3ot?l bore the Rordeaux poSt,-marli. The first 1 opened was from Edward l)cerbrook - a blotted, hurried ,crawil, full of penitence iandl entreaty, but the pith of which wae (ihat he had embezzled hii~i eiiimployeir's rconey to the amouniit of three thousand fira cs. Thie defuice:tion lhad leiill diecovcredl, lild ] ie L llOW lunder urveillanece in thle house of his employer. iTheI letter elnded bly imirloring me to save him. Thie second letter was from my friend, the wine-moerclmt., atern andl shlarp, re proichinig me with lhaving recommended to him .o untrustworthy a ervacnt; and pro testing tliit, unless tile full rium embezzled were sent by return of post, hle shonld pro cecld againsi t Eldwardl with lthe utmost rigor that, (he law would allow. "1 ihad but httle money by me ant the time, iiothing likle suflicient to meot such a demand. I knew that it would be uneOless tio allcLped to Robert Blakely, ias hle and Deerbrook were at variance over somo gambling transaction. Mrs. BIlakely was tile only iperson who coull help me, and to her I must appeiIl to ward fthis disgrac off the faimily. Jlut when coull I do tlis ? If at thlis last momenlt I decliined too b to t he ball, heaven knows what Sulpiciions it mighlt arouse, for I ihadi just then begun to isuilaect thalt scandal was associatung my inamoe omo what too froeely witllh that of your mother and I well know that l Holen would niot let me off my ongagemenit to lher as cavlier for thle nIighlt. Yet every moment' delay was fraught with danger, for I ikneow M. Jacques, the wine-mnrclhant, to bie a stern, inflOxille man, who would wait the one post anid no more. My only clhanc was to get away from the ball, unobserved, at an early hour -ride over to the HIall, t distanco of only soven muilcs--olutain a fow miilnitos' conver sation with lMrs. Ilakely, tell 11her the posi tion in whlich lher brother was plaeod, and ec if we could not mlake up the sum bo tw\\\'oln us." " 3Buit could you not have done this pro vious to going 1 to theI ball ? " inquired Charles. " I endeavored to do so, but I could not 500o 1or." "But was not tho courso you proposed moro likloly to creato sunspicion than if you had boldly solicited an interview ? Wea tl?hcro not overy likelihood .that tllhe Ilmusbad would hear of your mysterious vicit there after " " PC'iierhaps you are right," answorod Wio land; " but in the exciteino t and iurgencey of uich events one seldomn follows the wisest course. I know it. would be a cruel blow to your mother for her husband to be madio acquainited with her brothelr's criminal con duct, and, at all halzards, I desired to keeop tho knowledge from him. I fully intoendled to makeo C confidanit of the maid, Mrs. Gaudy, and thus secure her testimony in our defoence in case of the worst. Ac to thie other servantls, I had no doubt of being able to clude their vigilanuc." And now, having proceeded tlhus far in WViolanUd's own words, we will for a time takio the narrative into our own hands, or certaiu linlks w]hich weoro gatherecd up by Charles thoreafter, and otheors which over' remainied imperfect will otherwiso be want ing. Heolon's lynx eyes soon detected in her cavalier's nabsorbod Iand anxious looks that sometlinglg importlant was upon his mind. In the ball-room hewwas nervous and fidgety, looking at his watch overy fow momoents. " IIo has an appointment," thought Ilelon "I will watch his movements." While engaged in a waltz with another gentleman, lshe sudidenly missed hlim. Plead. ing giddincess, she requested her partnor to load lher to a seat, and then requoested hIlim to sooeek for Mr. Blakoly and bring him to lher instantly. In a little time Robert, \vith Mrs. Green away upon his arm, came up. " Look for Wioland," said H-olon, under her breath. " I suspect ho hlas loft the house- gono back to the Hall." (To2' be contiltuedl.) 