SPORTING. TURF GOSSIP. |Br Tbchpator.1 Mr. Barnard's first experience shonld en courage him to proceed with the Newmarket Race Meetings, as the little gathering held on the Morphettville Course last Saturday was nignly successful in every way, except pernaps to hackers of favourites. In the Bardie Race lloltke, who was very short of work, though he looked well enough, ran off at the first hurdle, and Mannwaokaninie and as After Dark followed his bad example; further Jon QuondoBg hid matters her own way at the finish. The winner is rather a nice-looking mare, bnt as she was not in the best of condition few fancied her chance, and I think that had it not been for the casualties referred to she would only have been third, as After Dark appeared to be giving her a deal of {rouble when he shirked the jump coming into the straight. The trot which followed was a regular farce, and^it is hoped, if any more races of this description are to take place, more care will be taken in handicapping the horses. From the time the pen was put through Bed Rover's name on Friday night it seemed to be a generally accepted fact with the public that Captain Cook, who had been allowed 700 yards, must win. This proved correct, as there was nothing in the race capable of ex tending him. Smoker, the steeplechaser, got second, but the competitors were, taken as a whole, a very sorry lot. Bed Rover's withdrawal caused some little surprise, but seeing that he had been tried with Smoker, and beaten, no one can blame Mr. Isaacs for declining to send him against a horse like Captain Cook, though. I think the pen. might have been used earlier, and there was no excuse for his name appearing on the card, as the scratching was made before 8 o'clock on Friday evening. The Cup, which was at first considered as a match between Banter and Ada, bad some additional interest centred in it at the finish by the support awarded to Don Carlos, who was turned out in beautiful condition by Mr. Saville. Orator also bad a few friends who fondly hoped that his crankiness had deserted him, but The Thane, Glencoe, and Glanville did not command much notice as they were cantered in front of the Stand. Banter, Don Carlos, and Ada, who was mnch bigger than is usual with Tothill's horses, had the race to themselves, the two first named making strong running to the turn, where Banter wa? done with, and Don Oarlos getting the better of Ada in the last hundred yards wen easily. On returning to weigh, however, he was found to be short weight, and the Stewards had no alternitive but to award the prize to Ada, How tha mistake could have occurred is a mystery, as the horse was ' correct' when he went out, and carried no lead which could hive been dropped. During the day several other discrepancies occurred, and it would be well ts have the scales overhauled, as a recurrence of the Woodlands case is not at all desirable. It was hard lines indeed for Mr. SaviUe after get ting the colt into such fine form to have the race snatched from him, especially as the running will count the same in the estimation of a handicapper as if the stakes had gone to the horse 'first past the post.' The Steeplechase was a match between Hamlet and Iightfoot, both of whom jumped grandly ; but the chesnut had all the best of the condi tion and had the race in hand all through. In the Flutter Pawnbroker represented the Lock leys', stable instead of the Wandering Jew, but neither he nor Mongolata ever had the ghost of a show with Izaak Walton, who was in front the whole way, thus winding up a very successful afternoon for those who follow the fortunes of Sir Thomas Elder's tartan jacket. On Tuesday next, March 4, nominations for all the handicaps— except the Free Handicap to be run at the S A J.C. Autumn Meeting will close at Mr. Coates's office. The list includes the Flying Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Hurdles, 50 sovs. ; Jockey Club Handicap, 100 so vs.; Selling Handicap, 50 sovs. ; and Steeplechase, 100 sovs. The charge for entry in each, case (except in the Jockey Club Handicap) is only one sov., so that there should be a goodly array of names for the handicappers to operate upon on March 13 By his victories in the Lauuceston Handicaps Swiveller has raised his Australian Cup weight to 9 st. 1 lb., and a victory under this burden in such a race as the Australian Cup will stamp him at a remarkably good horse. Nina and Marrabinna, of Jordan's team, are progressing satisfactorily in their preparation for tha V.R C. Autumn Meeting, at which it is probable both will figure. The latter horse has a goo-1 many admirers, who will not be astonished to tee him to the fore in the Newmarket Handicap, for which, with only 6 st. 7 lb. to carry and Kildnff in the saddle, he looks well. The entries for the Oukapuinga Handicap are very satisfactory both in quantity and quality, and the meeting this year will probibly prove more successful than any of its prede cessors. The weights made their appearance on Thursday, and seem tolerably free from mistake, though the handicapper may find that he has exercised too much leniency in dealing with a ' Darkle' engaged in the Cup and Hurdle Race. For the Onkaparinga Cup The Nightingale has the maximum weight, 8 st. 2 lb , and this ia enongh to stop her, I imagine. With Ada ' st. 12 lb , Vulcan 6 at. 10 lb. Amor 6 st. 7 lb., and Euro 6 st. 4 lb. to choose from, Tothill's stable will be very hard to beat, and the best of the quartette should win. Twilight, 7 st. 10 lb., will find the company better than when she won last year, and of the others Banter, 7 st. 6 lb., is fairly handioipped, but I fancy the man who can find out the best in the Morphettville stable Trill have the winner. I may remark thit I think the handicappers would have d«ue well to have added a few pounds to Nina's weight. In the Steeplechase Sarchedon has 12 st., and the list runs down to the local mare Lucy 3 st. 12 lb. Warrior 11 st. 2 lbs. receives more con sideration than is usually given him, and if his owner can get him right again by the day he should |have a good look in. Of the others, Hamlet 11 st., Frank Hewitt 10 st. 5 lb., and Trump 9 at. 12 lb. look best on paper. Barrister 10 st. 3 lb. heads the list for the Hurdle Race, bat I prefer the chances of Vulcan and Amor to anything else at present, and whichever starts should about win. The Burn handicaps have not received much attention at the hands of owners of horses, only nine being nominated for the Cap and the same number for the Steeplechase. Some good names appear in the jumping race, bat the Barra Han dicap lot are moderate with the exception of Device. ? 