IN THE BARBER'S SHOP. B BFIGARO. "I have ogthberd a posie of other men's flowers, and nothing but the. thrond that binds them is mine own."--MoaIoNs. IrHAVE an occasional customer whose L"attachment to' Mr.' Berry and his political principles I'd come to look upon as impossible of severance. 'He dropped in the othor1 day,. and. I'jokingly inquired of him, nis i my ivon't,'" Well, what do you' snay' to :Berry now ? " exIedtin~ the stereotyped reply, ' Oh, he's all, right; 'he'll pull us' thrdugh,; you neve'r fear." !Iistead of which, this' was what he said, "Berry! I give him up., I'm full of him ?" Doubt-' ing the evidence of my heairing iniso, I asked, "'What do you mean? : Surely you must be joklting? ', Not a bit of it," he replied; "never was'more serious in my life."i ': "What ' can ..hve w'-rought~ so wonderful a change ? " was my next query; Andthe went on :to tell me:how " that postal contract "-had done it--meaning tihe contract with the P.: and. 0Company for theo convoyandice "of the Ernglish mails "He denounced it as an iniquitous arrange. ment;" exp'ressed his firm opinion that Mr. Berry. was ' got at ' by the co'inpany when in England; and more than hinted his belief :that:'bribery had been at:work; winding up' by. reiterating' that he was "'full of Berry,".:'and that he should "vote dead against himi at the general election." I.may say that I don't share my" casual's '' bribery belief, 'ieither do I concur in his denunciation of theo postal contract'. Soofar from'that, Ibelidve it was the best, on the whole, that could have been entered into, and. that it's one of the very few items 1 can place to Mi1 Berry's credit since he has been Chief Secretary. The foregoing is, I assure you, a simple narrator of facts -a plain, and by no unvarnished, tale. ?A onthei custo er,' also a 'codsislnot Berrygite, will hav it that the idol of the party has :netted a lhhndsome sum by sieculating it: th loan' vlwhich brought'him so much praise forsucessfully floating. Assertions likeo ese, comihig from suclh sources, . certainly excite riy " special wonderment;" be ause.if' fast friend"'' thus show signs of ~vavering allegiance, tiIe prospects of the .Liberal party look anyr thiing bit " rosy." ' Possibly the -knoledge that adherents are. thus. wavering Imay account 'for 'the somewhat frantic e frts made by Ministero to keep up their co ago. One or other o' them is ever 'a'd ano naltihg thie assuraucd thflat ithe.Ministry h a.stronger hold upofi the country than:i .ever had. Well, 'id may be so, but I m confess that when I hear the 'q:estion, Who's afraid?" I'n apt'to think that th' queirist is. ' If no fear of reaction' e ted in' Ministerial minds, whlere.would' . the necessity for publicly as'sertiig as milch'? Their con duct: in so loudly docl ing they've nothing to feai is on a par ,ith that of the boy, who,. having to pass. churchyardl aftei: darlk, whistled vbehemeo ly in order to show that -hle wasn't afrtal of ghosts! , His bounce was just. as rl, and no more so, thanthat of those Mi\isters wile assert they're not afraid of resetion. 'Certain of my custoners were not.quite so reticent about poiniug out defects in' tlho drop scene of the A.D.O. as was the: critic of'this journal. ,e of them:was a: Scotchnma, who said ought to know' something about the .te, and he was quite *iure that; goranm - like those pictured couldn't be grohnin tlat.?neigh. bliorhood. .Certainlv, tley were more vigorous and well-floweral plants than I should' have thought, cold have' been " raised" so far north., suggested they might have been reared n a greenhouse ; which made' Sandy' say.I st be ".green" to think so. I'm not,sure bout that; but I'll leave him' and,:the jinter of ,.the pietuireto 'settle the matte between them. It's' not uncommon to" eak of a self opinioriated mritl as oneb 'o doesi't tlhiiik small-beeor'of himself." T' other day I met with an advertisemen commencing, " Mrr' Schmalbber will obli e,"c'..'" Nowi that individual uest thin? l soiall- heer of himself', whether self-opiniaeated or the reverse. . , S)p Samiol Wilusoq:l iaa pes'oa :iusi opinion thait were a ,little es Iatin and G-reel ftiught lin our Univi\rity, and a ittle more of matters which vp uld help tho tundents practically to flgiththe battle of lie, it would b' botter.'. Th DryasdustsJ are hitting at Sir Samuel for is,, i tlieirl iew, ~ tredsonablo'utterance; ut lot himi ake courage- for nino-e nthslat least, of thoso 'who thikil at' all abou the matttei nle with Inm. A knowledge q Ltitn and, 3-reek is all vory well, and hry useful;: but in a community like oursa Ienturo to think a little of it w?ll go 1. Io wayn ;' ; On more than one occasion i vo been inpelled .by a sense of duty point out that when mini.sters of reigioi leav one pstorate'for tinother, the hliu' tdd ofteon ii'volve's' an increiase of saBtlry. 0:1 o0o of those :times I wrote to theo offerl that, out of a pretty long experience, in iiclh I had posssesed good means for' fbrnu g Jui qoimtlusion, iI couldn't iecall' d iinsataico vlheroe tlhio reverse of this liad ltipipedi thliat Is tr sa , otit vyherte p otb.ail1 gone from" a''high ep.try' ao' n oqe.' it alnfld8 :insp.ulImp ,loeasfoe now' t tll yo.p tlhat I hiav heni, mnade acqua;ied \i'it\l such. ~n instanle. A gentilemn, UpQoI vilao word I beiovp' 4 nay fuliiy y, hias given me.thoBb paiticulari: F. : years aio a unisiter' received invitati'i to take hoe pastoral oversigh'ot ' two rcl ches one'in Melbournre; tlie'other'in adjoin ing Buburb. Tih salary. attach to, the former was £900 ,ayear; that to e latther £4.00'"- The sphere of labour' cb ept, with: the lower'salary c Ia tihdei tslf td tIj ripiiBthran mind: as'1 ? 6 leuiiotli le e:'. o ld.:'b ' iot .be icially eiulon d; a i ted tho isredit beit cirde and acoeptcd the ~4o0d . fles'l~-ctii what wrdto las ovooh nbduit chipging 'f~o 11aIOn of. the marnn municipal hmll.f'rotn" Town !'to "Ity,:·1 find a h4~ge ,ylpoplep~~rnco· of~ oion in fav~diui of stcipdog b the old titie. As I said thou ~ '; ~ t ic~ it and anoetlema mnarnatala be he who dares ti designate:it otherwise. I also learn that my old and respected friend John Craven would rather not bh dubbed " City Clerk.". ,He prefers the old fashioned title to any new-fangled one; and as I shall be profoundedly sorry to say oi do anything that would give him annoyance, and as there's no necessity of .state for the change, I say [let him continue to.. be known to the day of his death by the title to which he was born-meaning,'of course, in both cases, municipally,.. .i. ... ; . .And I find thdri is really a gbod 'deal to be said in favour of" town clerk." It's of very ancient origin, it seems -more ancient than I'd.any idea of, and than I fancy you have, either. 'Pletise refer to' the 19th chapter of the Acts of, the Apostles, and you will see thst' the 35th verse commences ,hus-" And when .,the' town-clork had appeased the people," &c.; I'm ..also assured that the term was employed in the time of Good Queen Bess in the charters granted for the establishing of corporations. Again, that such a.title as" City Clerk" isn't kiown in 'England, even in the City of London that official being designated the "Town Clerk"?' These be" high viarrants for 'retaining, the. old., title, . in preference to the mushroom one of " City Clerk," which is said to have originated in America. That in itself, if.truie; would make me object to its adoption here; as omanating froii' a people so fond of liigh sounding thoigli.: emipty titles, .that about every other man.you meet with has, or claims to have, some titular distinction such as colonel, captain, .professor; and so on. . ., In those portions of " J. H.'s " inimitable 'Branches froh the Mail ioutoe" in which I've been able to follow himi with ' my mind's eye "-notably where he described his visits to Ashby-de-lai-Zouch mind Melbourne-?nd to rovisit unwder his guidance places endeaied to :ms' in boy hood, I can bear testimony to the accuracy of his. desdriptions-that ie,"'at'cer'making due allowance for changes.which must hliav occurred during the forty or more years since I trod those scenes." But there's something in that one of his articles describing his visit to the Englisli Lakes which, bothers me. It's not a matter of description, because, iever having been in that charming; part of dear old Englinid, I know nothing of its lovely scenery except ing by report. Therefore, I accept as gospel all he tells me on that head--the more readily in that, as I've just said, where I can follow him I've founld him a trustworthy chreoicler. But this is what puzzles [me: Says " J. I." at the com mencemeiit bof his article in "Thle Land of the Lakes "-" In the brilliance of suminmei time, ai I saw it all," &c.; Further on he speaks, of .the weather as beingdat Amble side " very' warmi on this sunmmer's night." Again;'"" In" the early morning df i fline English summer's day, this drive," &e.; MFrom all of which I gather tht IJ. I.. ls " visit .was' paid' to this romiiatie regidn iii the summer-timo. " And yet I find him writing: of", thelinecessity of stopping ever and again to pick: the, tempting black berries." Now my remembrance of black berries gathered in the rustic lanes of the old country is that they are not'by any means " tempting," but green and sour; in smtemeer-timo..!. They used not in my days to be ripe and fit for eating until latd autumn or early: yinter Connoisseurs considered. they ..were-not at -their' best until after the frosts had set in. But matters may liave altered since that time, and blackberries, like many other things, mature and, ripen earlier in, this ago of progress than they did in those "' good old days,,,",,?,'-.''-' *,', " ,, , * -. ,* , .... ' " Nrs. 3oayerte will hold an speolal service in the. Gospel Hall, Blancheostreet, St. KIlda,. to-morrow afternoon. T'le r 'turn'riendly'v cltdest' at hlio and real practice between the SYt. Klda'?Mu?nicipal and South Yarra brigad"e? will. take, 1lloo this' afternoon ant' half-past four,'at Robe ostia t StKIilda." r".4. F, W. Saunders has csonsqiod to q'b' ' a~ atekeeopor. Thecclitor gf thisjoqrnsl, has oioyed fiom eP , I..Pllillips,. sq., a chequib, for.two guineas, as a elonsation to the Praliran Stato Schools PiJzeo Fund. Will tite collector please call at our'o allioe. ' . larigly-attbnde?d ,meetihg wan held at the ,eel bouirne Towdhlsall oai Monsay orating to consider the decision of the lE;c;itivoe in regard to tils con demned man Lawrence. Rsolutions were carried unanimoudly in favour of a reprieve, and a deputa-. tion aubsequently 'waited on. Lis Eceollency the Governor to bring the views of the meotiilg under his notice. Ii Exceollenoy promnised to brie;g tIe matter before his advisora, but declined to hold oqt any hopes or to giro any deqlio ti\byqn .. ".'.s other.deputatio/,n (yot Lt.eo 1 4i4 ~;cellanoy yesto[ da obsr ni'snbriss of the to islativo Asiossbly, but oro0 up to the lhst omoent .lis Excellone?y doe cliuoied to commit himself either one way or the othor. IHowover, aut an oreutie meenting intlio afternoon, aftr uor anI'hour's patient doliboration it ..as decided to commuto the sontoolo io ,msarison ment forlife. ,Ourr, nior ,orluameontary reopeoisnt ni e rl?ir d nhas tioLoterested iemself veiy stronhg ly on be'half of theo couivrt for the esak "of' his Wiifo and family. A meetin- of t od'StntP. gl\oglg Prize Pq?udC:ong mittyc ws vnolled ini tlje Tiowa Halt on W oodtesql y, n?-inogCr. Jamnes Unole in.tho chir.: .1?oerieat: MessrJ. ltrowI.tR Ato risoiq A. SthtiAut, .4. jT Conneit, i. '. V. 1Bapet'ot, 1t . Q., W. While, p?ioisoi '. ~4rltL (?Iayior af' lorahradin); Rogers, Mlatl;hewv, J. H. Templieon, COr. Harrison,.ad J. Ellii Stewart, corrospondedt. .The Mayor pro mised a epecial prizo for compositioo, to b .known na the Mayor of PhnPrran.Prize As the cbmittee desk to fue thue wtihn of all ' poeialprice donors," early informatioa sahouold n mtoh d <that ireangoeionttl'imy ho m'f.i Thq encouruagmol!at of ildusthldus i'tibi?[ amonn;t girl oIluy :b ' atinubltond by a prie tafor needloewUrk and ouch other matto ra.cc. esre;Tom; letion, J. E. ituwart and'Obnidlo t ?ri pB?niWd. a.coomitteo toarrang fotr "a l in ii?tb t scholars attendihl o t c. ool.icr mitte aeept t t th To,.i.h (( A 'FgoqrdI2C gJig4 o p9 9 4S10t hnivnon' thli Prahrini Tradesnimo' Orlodkoi Olu'b nld the St. Kilds Trades mn. will bo plnyed neoxt Thursdny at St Kilid; plhy to eommenco at,3 o'clcli.:b Tiho Prahron' will bo solelteir froni theo ro6win':Arnold, Clmrtr3 V. Crook J.I T., Daie o Diktb, Ilnisbind, Onmot, Ied d, S?n ple, Smith J: J.,.Sioworvt hoplh:;rl,; indi Vmllis. ,T ho fbllowing will represrtntt. Kiidi Miller, JelleriLs, Oullon, rescotmt J. O., Prpsott, F. E., bi elly , liomo, outtmrworthll otilly, Gnrdihnr, 