? Sir Gibbie. Bt GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. (Author of 'David Elginbrod,' ' Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood,' &c.;, &c.;) [The Tight of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.) Chapter XIV.— Hornie. It 'was now time he should resume his journey up Daur aide, and he Bet out to follow the burn that he might regain the river. It led him into a fine meadow, where a number of cattle where feeding. The meadow was not fenced— little more than marked off, indeed, upon one Bide, from a field of growing com, by a low wall of earth covered with moss, and grass, and flowers. The cattle were therefore herded by a boy, whom Gibbie recognized, even in the distance, ae him by whose countenance he had been bo much attracted when, like an old deity on a cloud, he lay spying through the crack in the ceiling. The boy was reading a book, from which every now and then he lifted his eyes to glance around him, and see whether any of the cows, or heifers, or ctirks were wandering beyond their pasture of rye-grass and clover. Having them all before him, therefore, no occasion to look behind, ho did not eee Gibbie approaching. But as soon as he seemed thoroughly occupied, a certain black cow with short sharp horns, and a wicked look, which had been gradually, as was her wont, edging nearer and Dearer to the com, turned . suddenly and ran for it, jumped the dyke, and plunging into a mod revelry of greed, tore and devoured with all the haste not nierelv of one insecure, but of one that knew she was stealing. Now Gibbie had been observant enough during his fravcls to learn that this was against the law and custom of the country— that it was not permitted to a cow to go into a field were there wore no others — and like a shot he was after the black marauder. The eainc instant the herd boy too, lifted his eyes from his book, saw her, and springing to his feet, caught up his great stick, and ran also : he had moro than reason to run, for he understood only too well the dangerous temper of the cow, and saw that Gibbie was a mere child, and unarmed — an object most provocative of attack to tforaie — so named, indeed because of her readiness to use the weapons with which Nature had provided her. She was in fact a malicious cow, and but that she was a splendid milker, would hare becu long ago fatted up and sent to the butcher. The boy as he ran full speed to the rescue kept shouting to warn* Gibbie from his purpose, but Gibbie was too intent to understand the sounds he uttered, and supposed them addressed to the con*. With the fear less service that belonged to bin very being, he ran straight at Hornie, and, having nothing to strike her with, flung himself against her with a groat shove towards the dyke. Homie absorbed in her delicious robber}-, neither heard nor saw before she felt him, and, startled by the sudden atfciek, turned tail for a moment. In turning, she caught sight of her ruler, sceptre in hand, at some little distance, and turned again, either to have another mouthful, or in the mere instinct to escape him. Then she caught sight of the insignificant object that had scared her, and in contemp tuous indignation lowered her head between her fore-feet, and was just making a rush at Gibbie, when the herd came up, and with a etana of fiercest blows delivered with the full might of his arm, drove her in' absolute route back into the meadow. Drawing himself up in the unconscious majesty of success, Donul Grant looked down upon Gibbie, but with eyes of admiration. ' Ilaith, cratur ! ' he said, ' ye'remairo' a innn noryc'l luik this saven year ! What garred ye rin upo' the deeVil'a vcrra horns that gait V ' Gibbie stood smiling. ' Gicn't hadna been for my club we wad baith be owre the mune gain this time. What cu' they ye, man 'r ' Still Gibbie only smiled. ?* 'Whaur come yc frae r Wha'e ver fowk V Whaur div yc bide ? Hneiia ye a tongue i' yer heid, ye rascal i- ' Gibbie burst out liuigliiiip;, and his eyes sparkled and ehone : he was delighted with the herd-boy, and it was so long since he had heard human speech addressed to himself! ' The cratur's feel fJooMiJ .'' concluded Donal to him self pityingly. 'Puir thing! puir thing!' he added uloud, und hud his baud ou Gibbie's head. It was the first touch of kindness -Gibbie had received since he wns the dog's guest : had he been acquainted with the bastard ciuotiou of self -pity, ho would have wept; as he was unaware of hardship in his lot, discontent in his heart, or discord in his fouling, his emotion was one of unmingled delight, and embodied itself in a perfect smile. ' Come, cratur, an' I'll gie ye a piece : ye'll un'erstan' that! ' said Donal, as he turned to leave the corn for the grass, where Hornie was eating with the rest like the most innocent of hum'le (horniest) animals. Gibbie obeyed, and followed, as, with low step and down-bent face, Donal led the way. For he had tucked his club under his arm, find already his greedy eyes were fixed on the book he had carried all the time, nor did he take them from it until, . followed in full and patient content by Gibbie, he had almost reached the middle of the field, sonic distance from Homie and her companions, when, stopping abruptly short, he began, without lifting his head, to cast glances on this Fide end that. *' I houp none o' them's swallowed my nepkin ! ' ho said musingly. ' I'm no sure whaur I was sittiu'. I hae my place i1 'the bcuk, but I doobt I hae tint my place i' the gerse.' Long before he had ended, for ho spoke with utter deliberation, Gibbie was yards away, flitting hither and thither like a butterfly. A minute more and Donal saw him pounce upon his 'bundle, which he brought to him in triumph. ' Fegs ! ye're no the gowk I took ye for,' said Donal meditatively. 'Whether Gibbie took the remark for a compliment, or merely was gratified that Donal was pleased, the result was ?a, merry laugh. The bundle had in it a piece of hard cheese, such as Gibbie had already made acquaintance with, and a few quarters of cake. One of these Donal broke into two, gave Gibbie the half, replaced the other, and sat down again to his book— this time with his back against the fell-dyke 'dividing the grass from the corn. Gibbie seated himself, like a Turk, with his bare legs crossed under him, a few yards off, where, in silence and absolute content, he ate his piece, ana gravely regarded him. His human soul had of late been starved, even more than his body— and that from no fastidiousness ; and it was paradise again to be in such company. Never since his father's death had he looked on a face that drew him as Donal's. It was fair of complexion by nature, but the sun had burnt it brown, and it was covered with freckles. Its forehead was high, with a moss of foxy hair over it, and under it two keen hazel eyes, in which the green predominated over the brown. Its nost yne long and solemn, over his well-made mouth, which rarely smiled, but not unfrequently trembled with emotion — over a book. For age, Donal was getting towards fifteen, and was strongly built, and well grown. A general look of honesty, and an attractive expression of reposeful friendliness pervaded his whole appearance. Conscientious Sn regard to his work, he was yet in danger of forgetting; his duty for minutes together over his book. The chief -evil that came of it was an occasional inroad on the corn, and many were Donal's self-reproaches ere he fell asleep when that had taken place during the day. He knew bis master would threaten him with dismissal* if he came upon him reading in the field, but he knew also his master was well aware that he did read, and that it was possible to read and yet herd well. It was easy enough in this same meadow; on one side ran the Lome; on another was a Atone wall ; and on the third a ditch ; only the corn-field lay virtually unprotected, and there he had to be himself the boundary. And now he sat leaning against the dyke, as if he held eo a position of special defence ; but he knew well «nough that the dullest calf could outflank him, and invade, for s few moments at the least, the forbidden pleasure- ? ground. He had gained an ally, however, whose faculty ] and faithfulness he little knew yet, for Gibbie had begun to comprehend the situation. He could not comprehend why or how anyone should be absorbed in a book, for all he knew of books was from his one morning of dame's schooling : but he could comprehend that, if one's attention were so occupied, it must be a great vex to be interrupted continu ally by the ever- waking desires of his charge after dainties. Therefore, as Donal watched his book, Gibbie, for Donal's sake, watched the herd, and, as he did so, gently possessed himself of Donal's club. Kor had many minutes passed before Donal, raising bis head to look, saw the curst cow in the green corn, and Gibbie manfully encountering her with the club, hitting her hard upon head and horns, and deftly avoiding every rush she made at him. 'Gieher'tupo' the nose,' Donal shouted in terror, as he ran full speed to his aid, abusing Hornie in terms of fiercest vituperation. But he needed not have been so apprcheosi ve. G ibbie heard and obeyed, and the next moment Hornie had turned tail, and was fleeing back to the safety of the lawful meadow. ' Heeh, cratur! but ye maun be come o' fochtin fowk 3' said Donal, regarding him with fresh admiration. Gibbie laughed; but he had been sorely put to it, and the big drops were coursinp fast down his sweet face. Donal took the club from him, and rushing at Hornie, belaboured her well, and drove her quite to the other side of the field. He then returned and resumed his book, while Gibbie again sat down near by, and watched both Donal and bis charge — the keeper of both herd and cattle. Surelv Gibbie had at last found his vocation on Daurside, with both man and beast for his special care ! By-and-by Donal raised bis head once more, but this time it was to regard Gibbie and not the twtct. It had gradually sunk into him that the appearance and character of the cratur were peculiar. He had regarded him as a little tramp, whose people were not far off, and who would soon get tired of herding and rejoin his companions ; but while he read, a strange feeling of the presence of the boy had, in spite of the witchery of his book, been growing upon him. He seemed to foci his eves without seeing them *, and when Gibbie rose to look now the cattle were distributed, he became vaguely uneasy lest the boy should be going away, for already ho had begun to feel him a bumble kind of guardian angel. He had already that day, through him, enjoyed a longer spell of his book, than any day since he had* been herd at the Mama of Glashruach. And now the desire had come to regard him more closely. For a minute or two he sat and gazed at him. Gibbie gazed at him in return, and in his eyes the herd-boy looked the very type of power and gentleness. How he admired even bit* suit of small-ribbed, greenish-coloured corduroy, the ribs much rubbed and obliterated ! Then his jacket had round braes buttons ! his trousers had patches, instead of holes, at the. knees ! their short legs revealed warm woollen stockings ! and his shoes had their soles full of great broad-headed iron tacks ! while on his head he had a small round blue bonnet with a red tuft J The little out cast, on the other hand, with his loving face and pure clear eyes, bidding fair to be naked altogether before long, woke in Donal a divine pity, .1 tenderness like that nestling at the heart of womanhood. The neglected creature could surely have no mother to shield him from the frost and wind* and rain. But a strange thing was, that out of this pitiful tenderness seemed to grow, like its blossoms, another unlike feeling — namely, that heVas in the presence of a being of some order* superior to his own, one to whom he would have to listen, if he spoke, who knew more than he would tell. But then Donal was a Celt, and might be a poet, and the sweet stillness of the child's atmosphere made things bud in his imagination. My reader must think how vastly, in all his poverty, Donal was Gibbie's superior in the social scale. He earned his own food and shelter, and nearly four pounds a year besides; lived as well as he could wish, dressed warm, wrs able for his work, and imagined it no hardship. Then he had a father and mother whom he went to see every Saturday, and of whom he was as proud as son could be — a father who was the priest of the family, and fed sheep ; a mother who was the prophetess, and kept the house ever an open refuge for her children. Poor Gibbie earned nothing— never had earned moro than a penny at a time in his life, and had never dreamed of having a claim to such rny. Nobody seemed to care for him, give him anything, anything for him. Yet there he sat before Donald's eyes, full of service, of smiles, of contentment. Donal took up his book, but laid it down again, and gazed at Gibbie. Several times he tried to return to bis reading, but as often resumed his contemplation of the boy. At length it struck him us something more than shyness would account for, that he had not yet heard a word from the lips of the child, even when running after the cows. He must waicn nim more cioseiy. By this it was his dinner time. Again he untied his handkerchief and gave Gibbie what ho judged a fair share for his bulk, namely, about a third of the whole. Philospher as he was, however, he could not help sighing a little when he got to the end of his diminished portion. But he was better than comforted when Gibbie offered him all that yet remained to him ; and the smile with which he refused it made Gibbie as happy as a Prince would hke to be. 'What a day it had been for Gibbie ! A whole human being, and some five and twenty four-legged creatures besides to take core of. After their dinner, Donal gravitated to his book, and Gibbie resumed the executive. Some time had passed when Donal glancing up, saw Gibbie lying flat on bis chest, star ing at something in the gross, lie slid himself quietly nearer, and discovered it was a daisy — one by itself alone ; there were not ninny in the field. Like a mother leaning over her child, he was gazing at it. The daisy was not a cold white one, neither was it a red one ; it was just a per fect daby ; it looked as if some gentle hand had taken it, while it slept and its star points were all folded together, and dipped them — just a tiny touchy dip in a molten ruby, so that, when it opened again, there was its crown of silver pointed with rubies all about its golden sun-heart. ' He'sbeen readin' Burns,' said Donal. He forgot that the daisies were before Burns, and that he himself had loved them before ever he heard of him. Now, he had not heard of Chaucer, who mode love to the daisies four hundred years before Burns. God only knows what gospellers they have been on his middle-earth. All its days his daisies have been coming and going, and they are not old yet, nw have worn out yet their lovely garments, though they patch and darn just as little as they toil and spin. ' Con ye read, cratur ! ' asked Donal. Gibbie shook his head. ' Canna ye 6peyk, man ? ' Again Gibbie shook his head. 'Can ye hear?' Gibbic'burst out laughing. He knew that he heard better ihan other people. ' Hearken till this then/' said Donal. He took his book from the grass, and read, in a chant, or rather in a lilt, the Danish ballad of Chyld Dyring, as translated by Sir Walter Scott. Gibbies eyes' grew* wider and wider as 'he listened ; their pupils dilated, and his lips parted : it seemed as if his soul were looking out of door and windows at once — but a puzzled soul that understood nothing of what it saw. Yet plainly, either the sounds, or the thought-matter vaguely operative beyond the line where intelligence begins, or, it niay be, the sparkle of individual word or phrase islanded in a chaos of rhythmic motion, wrought somehow upon him, for his attention was fixed as by a spell. When Donal ceased,he remained open-mouthed and motionless for a time ; then, drawing himself slidingly over the grass to Donal's feet, he raised his head and peeped above his knees at the book. A moment only he gazed, and drew back with a hungry sigh : he had seen nothing in the book like what Donald had been dra winp from it — as if one should look into the well of which he had j ust drunk, jind see there nothing but drv pebbles and said ! The wind blew geutle, the sun shone bright, all nature closed softly round the two, ;indthe soul whose children they were was ueiirer than the one to the other, nearer thnn the sun or wind or daisy or Ckyld Dyrinjr. To his amazement Donal saw the tears gathering inGibbie's eyes. He was as one who gazes into the abyss of God's will — sees only the abyss, cannot see the will, and I weeps. The child in 'whom neither cold nor hunger nor nakedness nor loneliness could move a throb of self-pity, was moved to tears that a loveliness, strange to him and unintelligible, had passed away, and he had no power to call it back. ' Wad ye like to hear't again r' asked Donal, more than half understanding him instinctively. Gibbie's face answered with a flash, and Donal read the poem Kgr.in, and Gibbie's delight returned greater than 1 before, for now something like a dawn began to appear j among the cloudy words. Donal read it a third time, as closed the book', for it was almost the hour for driving tl cattle home. He had never yet seen, and perhaps ncv- again did see, such a look of thankful devotion ou huiua countenance as met his lifted eyes. How much Gibbie even then understood of the love! eerie old ballad, it is impossible for me to say. Had he glimmer of the return of his buried mother 'i Did he thin I of bis own? I doubt if he had ever thought that he had mother ; but he may have associated the tale_ with hi I father, and the boots he was always making for him. _ Cer tainlv it was the beginning of much. But the waking u of a human soul to know itself in the mirror of its thought and feelings, its loves and delights, oppresses me with & heavy a sense of marvel and inexplicable mystery, tha when I imagine myself such as Gibbie then was, I canno imagine myself coming awake. I can hardly believe that from being such as Gibbie was the hour before he heart the ballad, I should ever have come awake. Yet here I am capable of pleasure unspeakable from that and many anothe ballad, old and new ! eo somehow, at one rime or another or at many times in one, I have at last come awake ! When by slow filmy unreilings, life grew clearer to Gibbie, ant he not only knew, but knew that he knew, his thought always went back to that day in the meadow with Dona Grant as the beginning of his knowledge of beautifu things in the world of man. Then first he saw natun reflected, Narcissus hke, in the mirror of her humanity, he: highest self. But when or how the change in him began the turn of the balance, the first push towards life of thi evermore invisible germ— of that he remained, much as hi wondered, often as he searched his consciousness, ai ignorant to the hist as I am now. Sometimes he wai inclined to think the glory of the new experience mus have struck him dazed, and that was why he could no recall what went on in him at the time. Donal rose and went driving the cattle home, and Gibbii lav where he had again thrown himself upon the grass 'When he lifted his head, Donal and the cows had vanished Donal looked all round as he left the meadow, and seeing the boy nowhere concluded he had gone to his people. Th( ?impression he had made upon him faded a little during th- evening. For when he.reached home and had watered them he had to tie up every' animal in its stall, and make i comfortable for the night ; next, eat his own supper ; ther lcam a proposition of Euclid, and go to bed. Chapter XV.— Donal Grant. Hungering minds come of peasant people as often as 0: any, and have appeared in Scotland as often, I fancy, as ii any nation ; not every Scotsman, therefore, who may no himself have known one like Donal, will refuse to believ( in such a herd-laddie. Besides there arc still those in Scot' land, os well as in other nations, to whom the simple ant noble, not the common- place and selfish, is the true type 0: humanity. Of such as Donal, whether English or Scotch is the class coming up to preserve the honour and truth 0 our Britain, to be the oil of the lamp of her life, when thos who place her glory in knowledge, or in riches, shall havi passed from her history as the smoke from her chimneys. Cheap as education then was in Scotland, the parents 0: Donal Grant had never dreamed of sending a son to college It was difficult for them to save even the few quarterl] shillings that paid the fees of the parish schoolmaster ; fo' Donal, indeed, they would have failed even in this, but foi the help his brothers and sisters afforded. After he lef: school however, and got a place as herd, he fared bette: than any of the rest, for at the Mains he found a friend am helper in Fergus Duff, his master's second son, who wai then at home from college, which he had now attendee two winters. Partly that he wa6 delicate in health, partlj that he was something- of a fine gentleman, he took no shan with his father and elder brother in the work of the farm although he was at the Mains from the beginning of AprL to the end of October. , He wa6 a human kind of soul not withstanding, and jwould have been much more of a man ii he had thought less of being a gentleman. He had taken t liking to Donal, and having found in him a strong desire after every kind of knowledge of which he himself had anj share, had sought to enliven the tedium of an existence rend ered not a little flabby from want of sufficient work, by im partingto him the treasures he had gathered. They werenoi great, and could never have carried him far, for he was himself only a respectable student, not a little lacking ir perseverance, and given to dreaming dreams of which h« was himself the hero. Happily, however, Donal was oi another sort, and from the first needed but to have tht outermost shell of a thing broken for him, and thai Fergus could do : by and by Donal would break a shell f 01 himself. But perhaps the best thing Fergus did for him was the lending him books. Donal had an altogether unappeasable hunger after every form of literature with which he had as yet made acquaintance, and this hunger Fergus fed with the books of the house, and many besides of such as he purchased or borrowed for his own reading— these last chiefly poetry.. But Fergus Duff, -while he revelled in the writings of certain of the poets of the age, was incapable of finding poetry for himself in things around him : Donal Grant, on the other hand, while he seized on the poems Fergus lent him, with an avidity even greater than his, received from the nature around him influences similar to those which exhaled from the works of the poet. In some sense, then, Donal was original ; that is, he received at first hand what Fergus required to have 'put on ' him to quote Celia, in As you like it, 'as pigeons feed their young.' Therefore, fiercely as it would have harrowed the pride of Fergus to be informed of the fact, he was in the kingdom of art onlv as one who ate of what fell from the table, while his father's herdboy was one of the family. This wa6 as far from Donal's thought, however, as from that of Fergus; the condescension, therefore, of the latter did not impair the gratitude for which the former had such large reason ; and Donal looked up to Fergus as to one of the Lords of the world. To find himself now in the reversed relation of superior and teacher to the little outcast, whose whole worldly havin' might be summed in the statement that he was not abso lutely naked, woke in Donal an altogether new and strange feeling: yet gratitude to his master had but turned itself round, and become tenderness to his pupil. After Donal left him in the field, and while he was min istering, first to his beasts and then to himself, Gibbie lay on thegrass, as happy as child could well be. A loving hand laid on his feet or legs would have found them hke ice ; but where was the matter so long as he never thought of them ? He could have supped a hughe bicker of sowens, and eaten a dozen potatoes ; but of what mighty consequence is hunger, so long as it neither absorbs the thought, nor causes faintness'r The sun, however, was going down behind a great mountain, and its hughe shadow, made of darkness, and hunted with cold, came sliding across the river, and over valley and field, nothing staying its silent wave, until it covered Gibbie with the blanket of the dark under which he could not long forget that he was in a body to which cold is unfriendly. At the first breath of the night -wind that came after the shadow, he shivered, and starting to his feet, began to trot, increasing his speed until he was scudding up and down the field like a wild thing of the night, whose time was at band, waiting until the world should lie open to him. Suddenly he perceived that the daisies, which all daylong had been f ull-f acing the sun, like true souls confessing to the father of them, had folded their petals together to points, and held them like spear heads tipped with threatening- crimson against the onset of the night and her shadows, while within its white cone each folded-in the golden heart of its life, until the great father should return, and, shaking the wicked out of the folds of the night, render the world once more safe ?with another glorious day. Gibbie gazed aud wondered ; and while he gawd— slowly, glidingly, back to his mind came the ghost mother of the ballad, and in every daisy he saw her folding her neglected orphans to her bosom, wbjle the darkness and the misery rolled by defeated. He wished he knew a ghost that would put her arms round him. He must have had a mother once, he supposed, but he could not remember her, and of course she must hare forgotten him. He did not know that about him was folded the everlasting arms of the great, the one Ghost, which is the Death of death— the life and soul of all things and all thoughts. The Presence, in deed, was with him, and he felt it, but he knew it only as the wind and shadow, the sky and closed daisies : in all these things and the rest it took shape that it -might come near him. Yea, the Presence \ras in his very soul, else he could never have rejoiced in friend, or desired ghost to mother him : still he knew not the Presence. But it was drawing nearer and nearer to his knowledge — even in sun end air and night and cloud, in beast and flower and herd id boy, until at last it would reveal itself to him, in him, a» le Life Himself. Then the man would know that in which ;r the child had rejoiced. The stars came out, to Gibbie the n heavenly herd, feeding at night, and gathering gold in the blue pastures. He saw them, looking up from the grass y where he had thrown himself to gaze more closely at the a daisies ; and the sleep that pressed down his eyelids seemed k to descend from the spaces between the stars. But it was a too cold that night to sleep in the fields, when he knew is where to find warmth. Like a fox in to his hole, the child would creep into the corner where God had stored deep for p him : back he went to the barn, gently trotting, and wormed :s himself through the cat-hole. D The straw was gone ! But he remembered the hay. And t happily, for he was tired, there stood the ladder against the t loft. Up he went, nor turned aside to the cheese ; but deep -was common property still. He groped hi» way for 1 ward through the dark loft, until he found the-hay, when , at once he burrowed into it like a sand-fish into ? the we: r sand. All night the white horse, a glory vanished in th.3 , dark, would be close to him, behind the thin partition. oc , boards. He could hear his every breadth as he slept, .and 1 to the music of it, audible sign of companionship, heffrl; g fast asleep, and dept until the waking horses woke him: 1 ' 1 Chapter XVI.— Apprenticeship. r He scrambled out on the top of the hay, and looked down' on the beautiful creature below him, dawning radiant again , with the morning, as it issued undimmed from the block B bosom of the night. He was not, perhaps, just eo well 3 groomed as white steed night be ; it was not a stable where 3 they kept a blue-bag for their grey horses ; but to Gibbie'e t eyes he was so pure, that he began, for the first time in his (. life, to doubt whether he was himself quite as clean as he ought to be. He did not know, but he would make an' , experiment for information when he got down to the burnt Meantime was there nothing he could do for the splendid ' creature 'i From above, leaning over, he filled hie rack. \ with hay ; but he had eaten eo much grass- the , night before, that he would not look at it, sad j Gibbie was disappointed. What should he do next '£ The thing he would like best would be to look through the \ ceiling again, and watch the woman at her work. Then, L too, he would again smell the boiling porridge, and the . burning of the little sprinkles of meal that fell into the fire. He dragged, therefore, the ladder to the opposite end of the barn, and gradually, with no little effort, raised it against the wall. Carefully he crept through the hole, and softly f round the shelf, the dangerous part of the pass, and eo on. 1 to the ceiling, whence he peeped once more down into the t kitchen. His precautions had been so far unnecessary, for i as yet it lay unvJBited, as witnessed by its disorder. Sud denly came to Gibbie the thought that here was a chance for 1 him — here a path back to the world. Rendered daring by f the eagerness of his hope, he got again upon the shelf, and , with every precaution lest he should even touch, a milk f pan, descended by the lower shelves to the floor. There b finding the dooi only latched, he entered the kitchen, and 3 proceeded to do everything he had seen the woman do, as nearly in her style as he could. He swept the floor, and f dusted the seats, the window sill, the table, with an apron he found left on a chair, then arranged everything tidily, f roused the rested fire, and had just concluded that the only r way to get the great pot full of water upon it, would be to r hang first the pot on the chain, and then fill it with the t water, when his sharp cars caught sounds and then heard r approaching feet. He darted into the dairy, and in a few I seconds, for he was getting used to the thing now, had 5 clambered upon the ceiling, and was lying flat across the I joists, with his eyes to the most commanding crack he had r discovered : he was anxious to know how his Bervice -would: i be received. When Jean Mavor — she was the farmer'B , half-6i6ter— opened the door, she stopped short and stared ; I the kitchen was not as she had left it the night before!' She concluded she must be mistaken, for who could have I touched it, and entered: Then it became plain beyond 1 dispute that the floor had been swept, the table wiped, the i place redd and the fire roused. r ' Hoot! I maun hae betn walkin' up my sleep ! ' said Jean to herself aloud. *' Or maybe that guid laddie Donal Grant's been wullin' to gie me a'helpw'' han' for's mither'fi t sake, honest wuman ! The laddie's grod eneuch for ony i thing !— ay, gien 'twar to mak' a minister o3 ! ' t Eagerly, greedily, Gibbie now watched her evew motion, ' and, bent upon learning, nothing escaped him.;: fie would c do much better next morning ! At length the men came in '? to breakfast, and he thought to enjoy the sight ; but, alas ! ' it wrought so with his hunger as to make him feel eick, and he crept away to the barn. He would gladly have lain down in the hay for a while, but that would require the 1 ladder, and he did not now feel able to move it. On the 1 floor of the barn he wa_s not safe, and he got out of it into 1 the corn-yard, where he sought the hen-house. But there was no food there yet, and he must not linger near ; for, if 1 he were discovered, they would drive him away, and he would lose Donal Giant. He hacj not seen hini'at breakfast,. for indeed he seldom, during the summer, had a meal except supper in the house. Gibbie, therefore, as he could not eat, ran to the burn and drank— but had no'heart that morning for his projected inquiry into the state of his person. He must go to Donal. The sight of him would help him to bear his hunger. The first indication. Donal had of his proximity was the rush of Hornie past him in flight out of the corn. Gibbie was pursuing her with stones for lack of a stick. Thoroughly ashamed of himself, Donal threw his book from him, and ran to meet Gibbie. ' Ye maunna fling stanes, cratur,' he said. ' Haith ! it's no for me to fin' fau't, though,' he added, ?« sittin' readin' buiks like a gowk 'at I am, an' lattin' the beasts rin. wull amo' the corn, 'at's weel peayed to haud them oot o't ! I'm clean afirontit wi' mysel', cratur.' Gibbie'6 response was to set off at full speed for the place where Donal had been sitting. He was back in a moment with the book, which he pressed into Donal's hand, while from the other he withdrew his club. This he brandished aloft once or twice, then starting at a steady trot, speedily circled the herd, and returned to his adopted master ? only to start again, however, and attack Hornie, whom he drove from the corn 6ide of the meadow right over to the other ; she was already afraid of him. After watching him for a time, Donal came to the conclusion that he could not do more than the cratur if he had as many eyes as Argus, and gave not even one of them to his book. He therefore left all to Gibbie, and did not once look up for a whole hour. Everything went just as it should ; and not once, all that day, did Hornie again get a mouthful of the braird. It was rather a heavy morning for Gibbie, though, who had eaten nothing, and every time he came near Donal, saw the handkerchief bulging in the grass, which a little girl had brought and left for him. But he was a rare one both at waiting and at going without. At last, however, Donal either grew hungry of himself or was moved by certain understood relations between the sun and the necessities of his mortal frame ; for he laid down his book, called out to Gibbie, ' Cratur, its denner rinic,' and took liis bundle. Gibbie drew near with spark ling eyes. There was no selfishness in his hunger, for at the worst pass he had ever reached, he would have shared what he had wi'h another, but he looked so eager, that Donal, who himself knew nothing of want, perceived that he was ravenous, and made haste to undo the knots of the handkerchief, which Mistress Jean appealed that day to have tied with more than ordinary vigour, ere she entrusted the bundle to the forman's daughter. When the last knot yielded, lie gazed with astonishment at the amount and variety of provisions disclosed. ?« Losh !' he exclaimed, ' the mistress maun hae kenned there was two o' 's.' ' He little thought that what she had gh-en him beyond the usual supply was an acknowledgment of services ren dered by tnose same hands into which he now delivered a share, on the ground of other service altogether. It is np& always, oven when there is no mistake jus ro the person who has deserved it, that the reward reaches the doer so directly. Before the day was over, Donal gave his helper more and other pay for his service. . Choosing a fit time, when the cattle were well together and in good position, Hornie away at the stone dyke, he took from his pocket a somewhat wasted volume of ballads— ballants, he called them — and said, ' Sit ye doon, cratur. Never min' the nowt. I'm . gaeip' to rrad till ye.' Gibbie dropped* on his crossed legs like a lark to the ground, and sat motionless. Donal, after deliberate search, , began to read, and Gibbie to listen ; and it would be hard . to determine which found the more pleasure in his part, , for Donal had seldom had a listener — and never one so utterly absorbed. When the hour came for the cattle to go home, Gibbie again remained behind, waiting until all should be still at the fann. He lay on-the dyke, brooding over what he had beard, and wondering how it was that Donal got all those strange beautiful words, sounds, and stories out of the book. 