©ales and ffeefehes. RABNABY PASS. (CoMimltJ.) 'ten are the most ootiandirfi- Jooking neonle I ever saw,' announced Mrs. Kay, everfthne Josepha came home from scbo.1. 'Hie women have ttefom? S^V*^ braided in tight hot most elaborate little braids at the backs of their bead, and they carry their sun-bonnete on their anus. They have narrow-skirted bine gowns, hanging straight down, and such figures !' 'As Nature made them, I suppose, ' Noi she did not : bat long generations of wooden ancestors did, perhaps. They are jnst like the wives of Shem, Ham, and Japheth in the toy arks. ^1 should Uke to Bee tiem and then- camp, said the girl, after a moment. Then she laughed, and added, 'I might go m the old stage, and be a solitary passenger arriving at last from somewhere, like a noveL' 'Do not dream of anything of the kind, said Mrs. Kay. ' Although there isno church here, we win remain good church people, Ibope, and nave nothing to do with strange religions.77 _ 'I was oiily joking mother. 'I did not know yon ever joked.' 'I do not— often ; but when nothing else ^Bappens!' said Mrs. Kay, impatiently— ' K.ppjn^ ; Nothing ever happens here, or ever win.' But something did happen. . In spite of the «mpmg ppoplft. nnmbering now some hundreds at the gathering-place, the old stage went by every day empty ; the IBUe driver, however, wore an eEperrant an-, and he had fastened two bine rosettes, on the lowers' heaife. which ornamentE. nevertheless. had no effect upon the settled dejection of their long horse-conntenances. One after noon the stage was late. As its rattling wheels had not disturbed her, Josepha, for getting the Sight of time, had sat onWcrag m a reverie until after sunset; she now hurried down into the road. It was more than twilight down there, almost darkness: a thousand glow worms were out in the dusky ah- She walked rapidly; she was not afraid; but she knew her step-mother would befall of alarm. Presently she beard a rattling sound. The stage was behind her; it drew nearer. She stepped aside quietly, and it passed. Then, in a. moment or two, there was a crash, and a sadden 'whoa!'1 It had broken down. She came up and spoke; she was obliged to make her presence known, so that in fie J»i4.-n«-aa and on the narrow road they might not drive over her. 'Ifo danger, ' said the driver. 'She's broken clean down. Von ain't got a match, have yomT Josepha had not. '* ion can come as far as our house and get a lantern,' she sug gested. 'leant leave my passengers,' replied the little man, importantly. ' I'm responsible for rem and their luggage to the company.' 'To Scrannel Swan, yon mean,' said Josepba. l?'g*''g. entirely incredulous as to the passengers. Bat a* new voice spoke at this moment, and startle! her into silence, 'Driver,' it said, 'can the stage go on or notf 'Mebbe not this one; but another wfll go. of course, in its place,' replied the driver, in a finely assumed tone of rarripsfl certainty. I shall have to eo back, though.' 'Whereto?' The driver was vague in his answer. The stables of .'Scrannel Swan were not prolific of coaches. StOL he thought he remembered an old red waggon standing there, and his plan was to tralkback with the bosses, ai miles, and get it. ' In the mean tune yon will have to wait until I come along,' he said, 'and this lady's honse is the nearest. ' I could not HijtiL- of intruding,' answered the voice. But it was climbing out of the wrecked coach all rii^ same, was on the ground, was looking around, was '**^'^; out the figure at the side of the road, was approaching it, was taking off his hat, was speaking one or two polite generalities, and waiting to hear the accents in reply. ' You can wait at our house, if you like,' sid Josepha, answering. ' As the driver Bays, it is tie nearest. We will all walk tJiprp innprher ' So, after a few moments, they started, Josepha, the stanger. and the driver on a line, the latter Ttm^inff one of his horses, with the other three following in the darkness, and clattering over the rocky road in a way that -tronld. have fi-igiit3pn-^i a nervous woman. The stranger said as much. ' But I am not nervous, ~* replied Miss -Kay. They were about a mile from the entrance of the Pass, and it was a queer walk. Con versation was kept up by the stranger, but Josepha did not say much ; ehe listened, however. And die mixed his words strangely with the subtle influence of the darknms and the looming «-litifa She was too unconven tional to care what he would think of her] being &o; far from home at tfopt hour. It was an accident ; it hafI never occurred before, and vnmld never occur *g»'. Of what con sequentt was it t Bat if she did not consider, her step-mother considered for her. Alarmed at her absence, Mrs. Kay was on the point of venturing into ilie Pass herself, preceded by old Jcdy, who acted *s maid-of-all-work, carrying a «oal-oO IstTPP, and by Judy's grandson, *' Beverley, ' a BnaTTipiah little black of ten years, who carried a lantern- Mrs. Kay herself had a candle, and holding np her skirts with the other hand, she was coining out of the g«±e witii gingerly steps. Judy was already in the road, the lamp's light flaring on her white turban, and Beverley was turning a few enmmeraanlte in advance, the lantm on his toes, when the clatter of horses1 boob was fae-cd, wi in mother moment the diMite fa* the bed of ooe hone, J«9** fee, «dthe rimW. came into the circle of ndnnee. EeXnger bowed shew^ r* tad, j he had tbTair of a. gentleman. These three way to the house. The driver was gone wBh ma horses, Judy had retired, a imaaung glance from her misfans find ?'**»?** nrtBDjgence. the stranger was :seated^»aW Kay was entertaimng him. aUm another five minutes. Josepha was seated too. HerdresB was damp with dew of the Pass, teh™vy bair somewhat disordered; she vras tared, and did not concern herseU at all about her attitudes. Her step- mother knew this with out looting, and sat with double grace to make op for it. After a whue old Judy served adefidous SouthemBupper in the litSe we*S*etares; but neve?mmu. She had undentood her mistress's eye. The stranger noticed everything without apparent obaerca to firmer prosperity, but its ghost urneu m every intonation of her voice, m every motxm of her delicate wittered hands. It was all a plain story-die cottage, the pmrkmr, ad frerself. Bat this bH, unlike daughter? She understood the incongruity, and took occasion to say, with a loud sigh, when the girl was not in the room. 'Josepha is odyiny stepdaughter 'Ah, when you called her daughter, I thoocht that it was impossible foa could have adnTd of that age,- replied the stranger. He had told his name immediately, Martin Gage, and his residence, New York. But he al nothing further. About ten o'clock, when the brightening influence of the coffee bad faded »way, and old Judv had eone to bed, and Mrs. Kay her self was sleepy, as old Hoiides alwaysare at an early hour, the conversation fell more mto Josepha bauds. She was not sfeeoy at alL Things had been said that aroused her atten tion; she was slowly waking up. Ifany a tune she had told herself that die must be dull-witted, because nobody ever cared to talk about what she liked to talk about, so she bad taken refuge in tacttraaity. But nowafesady at least three subjects had been broached which had interested her for years. Her eyes brightened, she began to fuse m litUe; generally she was harTmetal. that would not SdtTMrs. K»T leaned back on hereof*, and let them talk. 'Perhaps he U a literary nun,' she -V'f** Then, after a moment, she added to heradf. 'But no; he dresses too wen for that.' After a while it came out that die stranger was going to the camp-meeting. The listener was aroused at once. ' What in the : world is he going there forT die asked inwardly. 'But perhaps he owns the ground. After the wara great deal of tins Southern land HI into the hands of Northerners.' She listened again, hot -»ngfc* ?«***'»£ They were talking of phrenology. 'I fear lam keeping you up very late,' said the bUauga, as Judy's sharp-voiced litUe dock struck eleven in the near 'Yes; we are generally asleep by half -past nine,' said Josepha. 'Here in the mountain wilderness,' hurriedly interposed Sirs. Kay. ' there is so little to engross one— no society or anything of that kind you know.' 'lean not imagine what has become of my driver and his coach,' continued the visitor. 'Perhaps it would beas well for me to walk down the road to meet him. Indeed, I think I should enjoy the walk ; it is a fine night' ' But it is not a fine night : it is very dark,' said Josepha. ' You only nay that because vou think we are tired. The house seems cnfllj. but I win soon remedy that. I am not at all sleepy myself, and if mother is, she can go to bed.' Mrs. Kay came to life with vigour. ' You funny child '.' she said, tapping Josepha's arm ^tayfully. ' VChat will you say next ? And — where art yon going now V ' To get some wood,' replied the girl ; and before her mother could interfere, she had brought in an armful and laid it dovn upon the hearth. '? Allow me,' said the stranger, springing forward. ' Yery weQ, if you like. Only, as I par ticularly enjoy mnkfnr; fires, I consider it a 'So do I,' said Gage. He lighted a match, looked around, then took a newspaper from his pocket. 'You need no paper,' said Josepha. 'That shows how little you understand light wood.' She knelt down, set up three splinters together like the poles of a minature tent, applied tiae match, and in a second the whole pile was gloriously blazing, and the room full of light. 'The pitch-pine of the Soufe' explained Mrs. Kay. 'It really becomes in xsthebc pleaaureto light fires under such circumstances, MrTGage.' 'I quite agree with you,' replied the young man, looking at Josepha, who had risen, and was standing on the opposite side of the bearliL absentiy wanning her hands and watching the blaze. ' He certainly knows what to say,' thought the elder Udy. Then she too looked at Josepha. The girl looked wett, almost handsome, but the small step- mother could never have appreciated that. I suppose the canaries hare but one opinion as to the cuunshtass of the slow white swan down in the pond. Another long hour spun itself out over the bright blaze, Mrs. Kay beeping her eyes open, but vawning desperately behind her fan. She had ceased to follow the course of conversa tion, but —-'™»J a watch for atzay — trf»of« like a man fishing on the bank. She caught little of importance— only allrauiB n ? borne and father eummlme. and once Chmdoaea me Hat torn? She eenimnijd bim carefully. 'No, be is n*t a High £ErcSn»uC?Bbe said to tanrif-'mt least not «n extreme case. He has now that broad-shouldered. A home and a father Art fa something- For joung men nowadays do not talk about their fathers unless -hey are 'S midnight a rumbling sound was heard outside; the old ted waggon had arrived. Martin Gage took leave, asking permisaon to aO^hiTwaFl-i*. 'Id- Uonlystayat the camp a day or two,' be said. ??Bwffl be fay interesting there, no doubt.' said lbs. Kay. ^WeDIdont know about that ; I go on 'You never go as far as the camp, I suppose r said Mrs. Kay. m a suggestive tone. 'No,' replied the girl. She went no further than her usual cog; but on coming down, tins time before sunset, there wae the stranger gathering ferns along the toad below. 'Ah. you have ferns too,' he said. 'I wul walk to the mouth of the Pass, and cany them for you.' 'You need not,' said Joseph*. 'But I should like to.' '-t^^Tt'**^. M^ Kay. *at you do not like to be assisted, I suppose. SSHyou must not forget that other perms -They are occasionally; but ge^^yl am the strongest person present,' said tie 'Do you see that stage lifted up on the ride oftbedHTT 'Well, I did that' 'You must have been cross, then.' ' What do you mean ?* 'Only that I hare noticed that when a man makes any gnat effort in bodily strength, like lifting a' heavy weight, he is always in an^ S-ihbJ condition— really a terrible '^tja use some strong language. IbeDeve,' said Gage, laughing. 'That shortbodied, ug-hitfed little driver had left his old coach right in the middle of the road, and, of course, we could not pass with our red waggon. The horses, not having wings, could neither dm* up nor back up the cliff, so there was nothing for it but -K I assure you that afl the hard cider in the camp was hardly enough tor me when I arrived.' ' Do you like the camp?' 'Bispietnresque.' ' You donot seem to stay there.' Gage looked at her; but she had meant no eP^Oh?l have finished my work for the day,' he said, carelessly. 'I came this way to meet you. I knew you were here every day, and, of course, you would make no change m vour habits on my account.49 ^ 'Of course not,' said Josepha. Sb3I,ehe felt a litUe disturbed. The stranger, however, turned back to their conversation of tie night before, and soon her mind was off, like a bod, over the fields of imagination and thought. It is astonishing how much better two buds can fly together than one all alone. Atthe mouth of the Bus he left her. 'I have just time to hurry back after rapper,' he said. ' So they have supper?' 'Of course— with bright camp fins and gipsy kettles. Do yon suppose, because they are rehgious, they are not hungry too !' 'The two things never seem quite to go together,' said Josepha. 'Whether they seem or not, they do,' said ihe strangjer, laughing -* Look at tile supper tables of donation parties and sewing societies.' With that he raised his hat and went back into the duaky Pass, white Josepha, coming out into nie still golden valley, went over tiui conversation thought fully. She told her mother what had occurred, and Mrs. Eay thought a ?hw^Im^ of thoughts behind Ihe teapot for several gn^mfa^i At last she decided not to interfere. 'JoBepha is not like the other girls,' she mmed. The only remark she made was, 'Promise me that you will be home before dark Josepha.' 'Of coarse, mother; [always mean to be. That one night was an accident.' The next afternoon Gage met her again. She had not expected to see him ; but as her thoughts had been dwelling on some tiungs said the day before, she wiffingly took up the conversation where they had left it, and they walked together to the mouth of the Pass again. This vw repeated for five days, and now she expected it; ehe likewise enjoyed it Regularly on the way somewhere the old red waggon passed them, and the driver gave them friendly nods. He had still no passengers, but it was evident he bad an interest in Gage ; he expected to take him back some time, and regarded him as he passed with a proprietary eye. The old coach remained where it was, tated np against the cliff. 'He is slaying much longer than he first intended,' observed Mm. Eay after a while. 'fa he?' said Josepha. ' He said only a few days. Hare you any idea what he is doing there !' 'No, I have not; but he always speaks of being occupied in the nOTnings— business, he said?' 'About the land, perhaps. Still, I do not see why it should take bo tang, unless he his Lto .a't»Jr!l-y7r*ate -ked, Sad. ' ^Be^aSe^noe of owning vast estate.*1 'Vaatestatn'! Wkerer ? 'Everywhere, be-id. Andjbe atoapake of a. giind inheritance received from Ins ^^But ttat is. I am afraid, a - romance B is too much to bebeve,' said Mb. Kay. dOTriy. ?- Only two or three tanflMin the Bntel StateAave anytting like that I have been wrong. Josepha; I see it now. That man is trying to deceive us. Youmnat^ not go into the Pass again/V^ . . ttyinato-io anything; he is perfectly at his 'He is trying to interest you, child.' 'IshersaaJosepha. Th™*^!*'* suddenly and deeply. ' I never thought of 'i«IlknowLyou did not; but to fatTying And I am afraid you are too much mlriwiuw ''^''mother; it is only that I like to talk 'And hear him talk.' . ^^^ Josepha coloured again, Bus fame slowly and almost jpamfully. The blood whimhi Co rise naduauy in her face as she thought. 'Youaie right,' she said last. 'I shall not ^nexfSerSSSfshe remained injhe little shaded parlour wilh a book open before * her, tying Dot to miss too much her crag and r herSfcorderedrosd. The toBB ««W through the window the Pass looked purple aScS; *e felt herself longing :fcr rt. tX dusk she threw aside her volume, glad Oat the inhere came a sound of rattling wheels, and tfceddnd waggon rumbled out of the Pass lari topped attte door. The nttte drmr hadtaou^anote. all it said was, 'Why did you not come? I thougM you were not going to change your Sabds on my account.'' 'Impertinent'.'' said lbs. Kay. 'No answer^she called out to the driver, who was waiting. Then a second thought semd her. and she went to the door. 'Mr. Cage ^'^Yes! mum, be did. I'm 'bUging him by delivering it' . . 'I fancy he owns tie camp-ground, said the widow, affiMy. ? 'Acts as though he did, mum; swells passus of big litters iu my mail-bags,' replied be driver. ' How do fliey treat him at the camp T 'The Tunkem, youmean! They seemed tickled 'most to death to have him ' But he is not a Dnnkard ? ' 'lur from it, mum. He isnt much en religion oE any kind, I reckon,' said the driver. . . Mrs. Kay let bim depart, and went back, lost in reflection. The next afternoon she herself suggested that her daughter should takeastroU. 'I shall not go, mother,' replied the girl; and another sunset passed drearily. The next day she was not tempted, for it had begun to ^^^ rain. U Beldams rains in the Southern mountains during the summer, save an occasional short Umnder-ehower; but when it does rain, it is a torrent, and floods foUow. The steep ride of the hills and cliffs gather and pour down the drops into the narrow deep ravines so suddenly that in an hour, somrtiroes. the brooks are out of their beds, swollen and roaring ten feet high over the roads. This happens -J*tejaj& I—** ^.fS^af course, where there are no wide levels; the waters can not disperse themselves or sank through the hard rocky bottoms. 'The brook will be np before morning, sure as you live, and Bamaby'U be all afloat,' announced Christian Converse that evening as he opened hie spelling-book. 'A man come Uiroughauhourago.sndlie said at the ottar end er- ready the water was over the road, and old Squire Luken's muk toils was all washed away as had been left down by the fence while the boy went to supper.' 'Whatwill become of the camp, then!' asked Mis. Kay. 'Well, reckon they've hed warning; and if not, they can take to the rocks ; though they may hev some trouble with the horses. Me and Sam Brown's going in at daylight— along Dm -4Hfe— to see howOev've stood it' ' Why not go now f said Josepha. 'Well, yon see, miss, it's powerful dark in Baroaby atnigbt; and besides, they've got legs same as us if they want to come out,' replied Converse. 'They're nothing but Tankers, anyway,' be added, with that fine scorn fora foreign religion peculiar to native American, virtae. After the boy bad eone, Josepha went oat on tothe piazza, and down to the gate. She could distinctly hear the roar of Uw brook as it came out of the Pass, but she could see nothing, for the rain was still falling heaTuy. At ten o'clock she went toiler room; at half past ten her light was out, but she was not Seep. She could hear the sound of the water now. even when her head was on her pillow. After a while she rose, dressed herself and looked out. The rain jhad ceased ; great brokendouds were lying across thesky, snd between them the moon shone out. The brook bad overflowed the com fields ; the etalka stood like reede in a lake. The torrent coming out of the Pass was violent and loud asawater-fau. 'I really mm* see if I can do somrthing.' she said to herself. 'There ate women and children m there, and the cliffs are very sasep They do not know the way, bat I do. lean help them now ; at daylight other aid wiD She put on a (hick jacket and a small stout hst, unlocked the front-door eofUy. snd stole o*s£. Ho om taflavni lies* co. ^^a*«»a»i wh nooo light enough to show the way. She went. around to the side o( the hOl and began to aseendbya path she knew. It toot some time, for ft was a rounasbout coarse; but it last ahe was on the top, omHookiDg Ok gnrge. Hailing an by a tree trunk, she peered lira, bat cwdd «ee nothing ta* the tbick bandies: che heard, fcowmir, the«wift rush of the water below. Taking a long breath, ake began to descend, holding on «?*%. sod feeling her way step fay step. Her eyeB became erAduafly accustomed t» the darkness; she could make «t objects dose to ber; still, her progress ma dm. Bavins reached the edge of the water, she made her way forward alonfrits line, using the trees as supports and their roots a? footholds. She «wked on is this way for an hour. At hat ahe thought she heard voices. She h»«fa«H her dunning, and, after a moment, came opoo a forlorn party, shagrimg apart from each other and lost in the darkness, bat trying to move forward toward tin month of the Bass in the same way that the was advancing in ; bat they were OKambcred with chSdren, and also with helpless aged persons, who had lost heart and courage, and were led and carried along. The working members of this party seemed to be *n women; some of them were tired o«t, and sat lite drift-wood caught on the tree bunks; yon felt that if the water rose two inches they would he swept away. Others worked wife seal; but heavy babies, tied in their shawls, weighed them down, and im peded their progress. They panted, and ?tanked, and held on to the trees, these poor mothers, and dragged along the older children, who cried with fright. Joseph* took a stout litiJe boy from an exhausted young German woman, and soothed bis weeping into qtriet; then she proposed that they should all get themselves together and rest a few momenta. 'We are not very far from the month of the Pas,' ahe called out cheerfnlly and clearly. ' Bat after yoo hire rested a while, I think it will be better to climb straight an to the top. There is a path down to the valley. I know the way.' 'Bat an we, miss?' said the nearest 'Tea; Icame down from the top myself. But first, if yon like, whne yon are resting here* I will go op and see exactly hew steep tile rocks are at this point.' This seemed to give confidence; the women dnew together, the ^igt1*' came up one by one. l&ey; all propped themselves behind trees, in the angles made by the roots sad the cliff-side, not nnlike saQors sitting in the rigging, and then it was that Joseph* di» flovscBa tbaa$ otey wsts tn Rsutr niiii'nHiifti by a nun, who was, however, far behind, jjwi'im! to itiaT i. . ? _,*m *4tHAt.'i\ «? his Jwfc andmhis arms, and helping several old women besides. The darkness and the noise of the water bad prevented any explanation or nHHifwipilifiini mi of Uub. ^3i£ ran now dk encumbered himself from his burdens, and placed them in safety; then he jomed the Dew-comer. It was Martin Gage. Josepba was already climbing ; he climbed by herside. There was not breath to mare {or talking until they had reached the top, and it took item some time to reach it. Joseph* eat down to rest fora moment, and said, ' Ho loss of life, I hope T ' I think not,' be answered. 'Bow shall we ever get flwn apf she eon tinned, faming to the sabject in hand in her ?»- most bnameasJike way. 'Oh, easily enough, by detachments. 'Ess shall stay here and receive them.' 'I shall do nothing of the kind ; I an. going down to help.' 'Of courae I knew yon would.' 'Of cause.1' ' Bnt I had to suggest it, because it is what mast women weald prefer to do under the 'Yob mean, let you do all the work I' ' ¥ea, Mfp X ozk do it, and there vs no vital necessity for yon to hdp. I can bring them all np, one at a time.' ??But I want to help.' 'E know yon do, you generous-hearted creature! Come down and help; and then, when it iB all over, take nv, and nelp too.' He did not explain his moaning further ; but, in same way, she knew. They were already climbing down ihe rocks again, and she had helped tip four children, two at a. time, and gone down again before she re covered her mental breath. They had to work like Trojans (if any one knows what that means); they were two honrsatit. The hardest labour was with tire old people, who could not see, and whom they could not carry, bnt had to guide and encourage, step by step. At last it was over, and they were all assembled on the top, where there was a comparatively level space. They eooM now begin to descend by the path, which could be discerned in the faint light of the coming dawn. Josepha, protecting berself by a bulwark of children from this intrusive suitor, walked first; then came. tiie mothers and babies ; Gage brought up the rear with the old women. Their march was necessarily slow. After a. while they beard a cry; it came from down below, in the Pass. 'tt is a child,' said one of the women. They all stopped to listen ; then they heard another cry, and another. There seemed to be several children below. Some of the women shed tears ; their own children were safe, but these must be children belonging to other members of their party who bad not been so fortunate. *' I must go down, '' said Gage, *' and one of you had better go with me. I may not be able to manage them all.' Bnt no one stirred ; mother- lore is pitying, outBeffish. 'One of yon m»^ come,' said Gage, mik ing strong use of the situation. 'Do you want them to drown down there f At this Josephs stepped forth (as he knew the would). 'I will go,' she said. 'All the rest of you sit down here, and wait for us. ' They started. Oo the the way Gagesaid something very lover-like. ?? Are you mad f said the girl, angrily . This was not what she had intended to «*y at all ; she had intended tone very proud and distant. Bat it is difficult to refuse an oner with dignity when ta accept aid which 'the motor, being af a bold temper and not afraid, taks ore to make h-VCT4ike. They had some trouble in finding and col lecting the lost chadren. There were four of them. aD boys, who had undertaken to get themselvesoatofthebBWiUiOBtaid. They fainter cry came up from below. ' Another,' said Gage. 'I will go down for that one, while yon keep on up with the others,- said Josepha. 'Very u-eD,' answered her companion, with lamb-lace docaity; and he disappeared op the rocks with his litae troop, who, re freshed and cheered, dashed now like monkeys. Josepha went down toward the Msnnjr water again. There, on its edge, she found a very Uttfeboy, crying, all by himself, behind a bush, the endTef whose bent branches were already swept by tztetonEnt. She took Ida in her arms? Bis snide was injured ; he could not walk. She bound it wrtli her handerchief, sootfanthim, and con sidered what she should do. He was-fivc years old, sod heavy to cany. Suddenly she beard a new and loader roaring; new and knees. With the chad on one aim, she cnlimbed and sprang upward toa higher rock ; but the current had almost swept her away. There had been a washout a mOe up the Pass, flood. The chnd was crying again loudly. A A voice called her name, some one was at ber side, 'dive me the chad,' said this person; 'of course you knew I wonM came back.'' 'Ida not,' said Josepha; butane obeyed. They dimbed higher. But ««ne of the bees had been uprooted, and were bending and falling; their position was Ml of danger. They were at a bend in the Pass, and the rising water climbed as fast as they d«L They could have escaped that, perhaps, but not the swaying, cashing trees. Something large and sqaare Boated by; it eassTiieai them. With an exclamation, Gage seized bold of it, climbed up with the chud, and dragged np Josepha. It was the old stage. Us wheels were gone, and it floated. The man, excited and talent, steered with broken branch, while Josepha held the chad, dung to the old top-offing, and watched with dilated eyes the foaming water and the whirling, tossing note and bees. There was famtlightnow; they could see tiar danger. Again and again death came very near them, thenswerv^idebyafoot, by an inch, and spared then- lives. Again and again the woman gave np hope, and said, 'It is the last 5' but only once did the man* qmek hand fail, and then it was because m- hinan power eoold save them. He leaned backward threw his arm around Josephs, and pnessed his lips to her cold white cheek; he said afterward that he Hi it as a last earthly tare weU. Bat even as they sat that, the great (ret tossing dose behind them, with all its held, was stopped by a rock, and the old coach was borne on. In real time all thas was incredibly ewiftand short, ana canoe shoots the rapids of the Saait fiainte Marie. In apparent time it was long hours. When they were carried out into the valW, and steanded in the shallow water there, they were hie persons who have seen a vision : every thing m actual life seemed vaguely unreal The chad, who bad been « tightly held in Josepha's arms that he esuU nee nothing, and who bad actually fallen asleep, now wake, began to talk, and ask anestions about the re! bars across hk face and hands, made by the woollen doth of her jacket as she uneonscioHsly pressed him more closely to her breast. She tried to answer him, and the necessary words brought back things present. They climbed down ban the stage. Bade their way through the wet fields, and at last reached Lome. The brown cottage was busy giving break fast to the camp-people ; old Judy did nothing but cook for hours. The house was fall' Different parties of drenched 'Jermans were constantly aiming, and the divan was covered with exhausted TcMdren, bud across it like bundles, whOe the mothers wrung oat then dripping skirls. The procession on the hill had come down by themselves as soon as they could see the way. When Josepha appeared, her step-mother greeted her with outstretched arms and tears-. 'Oh, my beloved child, they say they left yon in the Pass - How did— how did yon get here !' 'Well, mother,' said Josepha slowly, 'I came— by the stage.' At night the water was down again, only the mired con fields and the stranded trees were left to tell of the flood. The neighbour hood considered it rather a ioke than otherwise that the Germans had been drowned out of Barnsby, and the camp people (hem selves had atf departed, to continue their meeting on sater and better known ground. One fact alone did not depart, but remained and faced Mrs. Kay. Ah, well, there web no use in objecting, aithongh he was only an artist, making sketches for an illustrated paper J while waiting for higher work. His inheritance was a father's genius, and his estates those which an artist's eye owns every where; alas! alas! (Mrs. Kay added the sighs.) He is young, however, and has the greatest expectations. No hare we. — Harprr* HeuM). The Fobce of BrvAiET.— Unable to afford a sea-serpent, Hudson, N.H., consoles himself I with a frog who jumps eight feet at a stride, lives on birds, and whips bull-dogs in single jcomuat ' AXD what makes my little Johnny so cross this morning ?' asked a deroted mother the other day. ' Dot up s' urly,' was the innocent reply. 