THE SECRET OP THE WHITE OHEST. It waB jast the house I wanted. In size and situation it Buited me exaotly, aB the phrase goes, literally down to the ground. Faoing Hyde-park, and placed baok from the high-road, with nothing in front of it but the broad strip of garden belonging to the terrace in which it stood, and the open Btretoh of turf and trees, it waB the very abode for a London season. It's rent, too, was extremely moderate ; it was in sound repair; drainage without a flaw ; fixtures, furniture, and decorations iu the best taste ; the owner only desiring to let it ocoasionally, beoauBe he went away from town eaoh spring. Why, then, did I heBitate to take it ? Why did everybody hesitate to take it ? For the last Beven years and more it had never been let. All the house-agents at the West-End had had it in band one after another. The terms had been redaoed eaoh season that it came into the market, and still thore was ho finding a tenant for it. Everybody who went over the house was oharmed with it. The entranoe being in the rear, all the best rooms had a delightful southern sBpeot ; and going u'n from floor to floor on their first visit of inspection, everybody, grew more dolighted the higher thoy got. The apartments in jreased in oheerfalnesB, if not in size, the Dutlook from the windows beoame more BXtensive and airy, whilst, when one reached tho top storey, and ascended by a narrow Btair on to the leaded flat roof, with a high balus trade running round it, the view waB, as the houso-agentB expressed it, 'quite unique.' Nevertheless, everybody having reaohed the roof, and having looked round for a minnte or two, descended with a firm deter mination not to talie tho house. Now what was the reason ? It was not haunted, np ghosts had ever been Been, or mysteriouB noises heard— saoh things were never hinted at. There was nothing about it in appear ance like the gloomy, forbidding mansion in Severn Square, concerning whioh bo many queer stories are told, and whioh, like the house in question, no one will take. No, it was the very reverse, in all respeotB, of that long (and still) untenanted abode. I had heard the rumours about the Hyde Park house often, when I had been in London, and my ourioBity had always been piqued, bo that now, when I wanted juat suoh a'hoase for the season, I determined to go and look at it for myBelf. Finding all satisfactory and jaBt as I expeoted from bottom to top, I was stepping out on to the roof with Mr. Oramble, the agent, and was saying to him— 'Well, I can't perceive why people won't live here,' when my eye fell upon a curious objeot erected upon the leads at the' rear, and surrounded by a high railing. It looked like a huge skylight or glass lantern, about ten feet long, three high, and three broad. But instead of forming a light for' a staircase or room beneath, it seemed_ to have been built for the purpose of covering another curious objeot, which, occupying nearly the whole of the space under the glass, was plainly visible through it. This was a lone whito box, resembling a sea man's chest more than anything, only muoh larger. It rested upon the four legs or feet, whioh raised it about a foot from the flat surface of the roof. It wa3 painted a creamy white and varnished, and, apparently not being intended to open, any more than its glaBs covering, had no hinges or look to its top or lid. 'What the deuce is that?!' said I to Mr. Crumble. *? Ah 1 replied that functionary, with an odd expression in hiB face, ' that's it, Bir 1' ' '! What's it, pray ?' J ' Why, tho seoret, sir.' 'Tho secret! How is it a seoret f What doyoumoaii?' ' Well, sir, what it is; what it's meant for; what's insido of it F' . , ' ' Don't you know ?' . j 'No, sir.' ? -' Doesn't anyono know?!' . ' I suppose somebody doe«, but wo don't ; wo are forbidden to inquire, or to attompt to find out ; if wo knew wo should bo able to lot tho houso; perhaps.' ' . ' How long has it boon thero?' : 'A1 long while, I , believe, . sir— ten or twelve years.: . Before, my time.' '' ' But who put it up . Pc*-; j , ? ' Well, Mr. Gayling, wo suppose ; nobody seoms to know oxaotly when it first appeared thore.' 'But the eorvanta,' I protested, 'they must know.' ' Oh I I have heard there were none in the houBe at the time; they, were all dis missed juBt before it was put up. Mr. Gay ling never keeps many servants; aome times ho has only one, sometimes none. Nobody lives in tho house when he's away, but he always leaves the keys with us. He is always changing his servants, Mr. Gayling is ; I have often heard him aay that he likes new brooms.' '.What is he, or what was he ?' 'A gentleman, in tho naval line, I believe, sir ; they are rather rum 'una, I'm told.' ' Humph !' I said, ' very odd. But do you mean to tell me that nobody will live here because they don't know what's in that box?' ' That is partly the reason, sir,' ' Absurd,' I was going on, when the man continued — ' But there's a clause in the agreement about it; that'B what does it, sir.' ' Explain,' I said. ' Well, [sir, here is jthe [clause, and he produced the document; 'perhaps you would liko to read it yourself)?' Thus it ran — 'And in taking the house at the rental, and for the term specified as above, I heroby solemnly pledge my oath never, directly, or indirectly, through my own agency, or that of othors, to attempt to meddle with or disturb the white chest under the glass case on the roof, or to seek in any way to discover for what purpose it has been placed there, or what it contains ; and I further guarantee that no person in my employ, or anyone entering tho house luring my tenancy thereof shall make any such attempt, and I hereby undertake that in 'the event of their being detected in doing so, or of my doing so, to forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, and in accordance with this agreement have, in proper legal form, lodged the said sum with the bankers of Thos. Gayling, Esq., the lessee, as a guarantee of my good faith.' ' Bat for that clause,' went on the: agent, as I finished reading it with Bome surprise, ' we should have no difficulty in letting the house.' Pray, is the owner out of hia mind ?' I asked, in a minute. ' Not that I am aware of, air ; he ia a very pleasant, affable gentleman, Mr. Gayling ia, only, as I say, a little rum on some points ; nothing will induoe him to strike ] out that clause, for instance. Lor' bless yon, sir, parties never entertain it for a moment when they oome to that part of the business ; they drop it like a hot potato.' 'Humph !' said I, again, ' it's qneer, oertainly, but I don't see why one shouldn't acquiesce ; it doesn't matter a rap to me what's inside the ohest ; I should never want to meddle with or disturb it, and I'd take very good oare no one elae did ; I would pad lock the trap-door on the roof, and that would.aettlethat. Ah!' I oontinued, after TOAlkitlf* TArmd tliOfltrnrtfnro arid l/inlrinrvaVinnt me a bit — 'ah! I Bee; preoautiona have, been taken to prevent any acceea to this roof from the otherB on either side, by this iron ohevaux-de-fris ; yes, no one can get over this. Well, it'a an odd freak, but I am not sure that I am going to be baulked by it ; I'll think about it, Mr. Crumble.' And the result of my thinking was, that I signed the agreement two days after wuruB, navmg concormea lo ine peculiar stipulation regarding the deposit. I had ao fear of losing the thousand pounds, the interest on it was a mere addition to the rent, and the house was bo exactly what I wanted, that it would even then be cheap to me, with my large family of motherless children. Nevertheless, I do not deny, that after all was signed, sealed, and settled, I was conscious of a lurking curiosity and suspicion regarding that mysterious ereotion. What could it bo? What could it contain? I was constantly saying to myself. What strange freak could possess the man to take such Btrong measures to guard against any penetration into the secret — measures, by the-bye, which in themselves were rather calculated to provoke investigation, to draw attention to the very thing that he wished one to overlook ? Was Mr. Gayling a miser, hoarding up some unknown trea sures in this strange fashion? Probably that was it. Well, if it was, it was no business of mine . after all. My Parliamentary duties would be too urgent, I hoptfd, to let me dwell upon mnoh else, so I would dismiss it, and bo beyond patting the. padlook on the trap- door of the roof as threatened, I took no measares to prevent any of my household indulging in specula tions. I at least. would not direct attention to the matter, as Mr. Gayling did, and oon tented my family and domeatios by saying that I didn't oonBider it safe for people to go on to the roof. Now, in spits of my resolution, I found myself perpetually reonrrihg to the strange chest. For the sake of quiet and air, I had appropriated the two large baok and front rooms at the top of the house for my bed room and study, and thus slept every night fast beneath the white ohest. Before I had been in the house a month, it began to aot as a nightmare on me, an inoubus I oould not Bhake off. I waa oppressed and depressed by it, in a way quite unaooountable. I was puzzled at myself. I could not have believed four weeks before that I should ever have become bo affeoted by suoh oontemptiblo restloBBness, disqaiet, .and distrust! These feelings at las^reaohbd such a pitch thatjjl finally ohanged my bed room ; I would not sleep any longer direotly underneath this aooursed, mysterious fabrio. Another month passed, during whioh, more than once, I was tempted to go seoretly on to tho roof and look at tho thing again thero was no harm in that, that was not forbidden in tho bond, and I need hardly say, I saw nothing to provoke any now comment. 'About a week after my last visit to the roof, a lengthy debate kept me late at the House of Commons, and walking homo for tho sake of fresh air, I found the midsummer dawn breaking, as I struok into Park-lane. Beaching Oxford- street I was startled by observing in tho western sky a strong light, not duo to reflected sunrise. At the moment I saw it, a fire-engine passed me at full speed, and presontly the first signs of tho commotion whioh a conflagration oauses in tho streets beoamo evident. No man under goes . this experience, whan ho has boon away many hours, and sees tho red glare rising in tho direotion of his own house, without a pang of anxiety, if not of terror. How well-founded was this sensation in tho present oa«o was mado evident oro I had walked another 200 yards ; yes, meroiful' powers ! it was my houso that was on fire ! . I pan acaroely reoord what followed ; - 1 only know that aomebow I found myself in the midst of the police and firemen. That 1 explained tp the superintendent ' who I waa, and that under his escort I soon ascertained that all the inmates of my house, my ohildren, their governessi and the servants, wore in safety, and had been taken in to a neighbour's at the rear; that; as soon aB I fonnd thia to be the oase, ; I, ? aooompanied still by the: superintendent, mounted to the top ol an adjaoent residence, whenoe the firemen were (Unoting (ha bote.npon Ihe fiames«' :??- .-A Once on thia vantage point,' myjjjmind reverted to the white eheit. Was it still there? Yes; the flames, though banting oat from all the windows of the upper stories, baok and front, had not y at done more than wrenoh and craek portions of the glass oaie. For a time it seemed as if this would be the most that might happen. The water seemedtobe gettingtheupperhand, andasit fell in torrents on the hot roof, sufch [clouds of Bteam were thrown up with the smoke1 as would have completely hidden everything from view, but that our position had been skilfully selected, and was well to wind ward of the burning mass. But presently, amid the roar of the flames, there came a dull; heavy rumble for a moment, and then with a tremendous crash the roof fell in. With it of course went the fragments and framework of the glass-case, and the now charred and blackened chest itself. I had my eyes upon it at the moment, and down it went deep into the utter obscurity of the dense smoke and steam, which always succeeds to this climax of a con flagration. For- several minutes noth ing was to be discerned through the overwhelming wreaths of black-grey fames. But presently, though the light from the fire had been clenched, there began to be visible, by the aid of the increasing ; light of the morning, the depths of this pit of Acheron. Yet it was not so very deep after all, for the fire having orignated on the second floor, the falling roof had only crashed down as yet as far as the drawing room, and there, when my eyes had become accustomed to the spectacle of the in describable debris, I plainly beheld, rest ing slantways across a stubborn remnant of wall, what had been the White Chest ; it was now split and smashed, and its contents wore xeveiueu. ' Good heavens 1 What was it that I looked down upon? I turned away my face for a moment with a shudder, for there, protruding through the splintered fragments of its once creamy- white wooden case, was a huge leaden coffin, which, in its turn melting and burst ing with the hoat, displayed within the unmistakable form of a shrouded oorpse! I was in the aot of drawing my companion's attention to it in horror, when suddenly there flew up around it with redoubled fury, suoh a mass of flame and . smoke, that it was entirely hidden, and Boon ' the.fire had ao spread and burst out again, that the horrible speotaole of this uninten tional inoremation was Bhut from sight, and the house was finally burned to the ground ! I pass over what immediately followed that I had made my way baok to the friendly abode where the members of my family were sheltered. In a few days they were Bnugly settled again in another home, fortunately not very muoh the worse for theterrible soare. . Indue oourse the time arrived for looking into my losses, and while I was doing so I reoeived a letter from Mr. Gayling, who had oome to town requesting an interview. I waB glad of this, for I foresaw it must lead to some explanation of the strange circumstances surrounding the agreement I had signed. My curiosity as to the contents oE the white chest had been rudely satisfied, it was true, but what had been the reason for placing euch an object in such a place? and this I was determined to find out. Unexpectedly Mr. Gayling disclosed it to me immediately we met. . 'I have asked for this interview, sir,' he said, abruptly, 'because I am a ruined man.' 'But,' I interposed, I ain told you were fully insured.' ' That has nothing to do with it,' he answered; 'no insurance can restore the three thousand a year which I lose by what has happened. I am simply going to tell you certain faots ; beoause, when you have heard them, I shall put it to you whether you will not, out of your ample means, feel that some compensation is due to me. The fact is, that it has been during^ your tenancy of my house, and through accident, or negligence on the part of some one for whom you are responsible, that my ruin has been brought about.' ' I don't understand you.' 'Listen, sir,' he went on, 'and you will^ I was brought . up to the sea and followed it till mid-life, for I was entirely dependent on my own earnings. My'only relative at this time was an old uncle, also a sailor, and a most eccentric man, as you will presently see. Fifteen years ago. he suddenly came into a large sum of money . — I never knew how — but he retired and took that house. He had only been in it threo.'years when a mortal sickness overtook him. He sent for me. ' * Tom/ said he, ' I am dying, and I don't like it. I am terrified, not so much at the thought of death as at the thought of burial. A sailor's grave I would not mind, but to be boxed up and thrust into tho earth; no, Tom, I won't stand it. I look to you to see that it doesn't happen; and I have taken measures to make sure that vou do see it doesn't happen: I've made my will, Tom; I've left you all I possess, but on one condition, and it is, that you are my heir so long as I am well above ground, and no longer — mark the words, ' well above ground.' Directly I am buried, or my remains are allowed to mingle with mother earth, as she is called' — she was no mother to me, the sea was my mother, for I was born at sea — all my money, mind, goes straight to the Seamen's Hospital,, every penny of it.' ' ' But what am I to do f I asked of my uncle; *how shall I be able to carry out such a strange condition? Have you so expressed it in your will ?' ' ' Yes, indaed I have,' he answered, 'and legal and binding you'll find it, ai expressed in the words, 'so long as I am wall above ground.' ' ' ' But what am I to do with you ?' I again askod. ''Oh, run me up aloft, masthead me, anything you liko, but don't bury mo.* ' Well,' went on Mr. Gayling, 'to make a long story short, I found that the con ditions of the old man's will were binding, and his executors and myself hit upon the plan of hoisting the coffin on to the roof of his house. Under eertain ' conditions .we found that it was possible for us legally to do this. So I dismisseji- 'iiSy three servants, omployed-a eountr j vundertaker, my old ship's carpenter, , a' .foreign gllsier, in order that the matter should not bo talked of ,in the neighbourhood, and personally saw tho arrangements carried out You can now understand my reason* for not having it meddled with: yes,,,. sir, and you can now understand that, tho con ditions of the will must take effect., No sign of tho coffin' or the body oven was to be discovered in tho ruins of that houso. I have had a rigid search mado, to no pur pose; tho old gontlaman's remains have been consumed, have mingled with mother earth, and the money passes as a matter of courso to tho Seaman's Hospital. I havo not a penny in the world. What can you do for me?'. : . It is not necessary for mo to say what I did for Mr. Gayling ; but finding by a visit to Doctor's Commons, and by other evidence, that his story was substantially correct, I felt his 'case was a hard ohe, certainly strange one, and: I ,aot«d-' I hope, not unge*»ro*»ly t«w*rd» him. - -- 