Echoes from Home. By Major Veritas. So the Polytechnic Institution is gone at last ! On the day upon which the telegram announcing its destruction by fire appeared, I heard nume- rous ejaculations from Brisbanites who had known it, but they gonerally were confined to the laconic expression " Poor old Polytechnic." It was a friend of our youth, was the Poly- technic, and many a colonist will hold it as bsuch in grateful remembrance. It departed a good deal in later years from its earlier traditions, and its manngomout was full of troubles. In this respect the fire will have destroyed a Gordian knot, and will - for it is not for a moment to be supposed that it will not rise from its ashes - give the directors and shareholders a new start. Perhaps even its old friends who dropped off one by one will come back again. The original intention was to make it the home of popularised science, but the public support accorded it in that capa- city did not satisfy the shareholders. Gradually they paltered with principle, and introduced what they thought would be more attractive elements. It was one of the few places in London where parents who had conscientious objections to the theatre, and visitors coming up from the provinces to the May meetings, could go with their little ones without fear of leading them astray. The wonders of the diving bell, optical delusions, working models, and mechanical inventions - who does not call them to memory, together with the delightful excitement mingled with regret that it lasted no longer with which we walked out into Regent-street at the close of the entertainment? By degrees science was diluted to the lowest point, and the amusements, with- out being actually questionable to its former patrons, bordered as close as they dared upon burlesque, comic song, and buffoonery. The science lectures were there, the experiments were maintained, but only as if they were sops reluctantly thrown in for appearance sake. The secession of Professor Pepper, rendered necessary on his part by the disagreements between the directors, was a bad thing for the institution, for he could not be replaced. He went as far as he could go in the direction of compromise, and then had to resign. Afterwards it was found that the Polytechnic was neither one thing nor the other, and its fortunes waned, If the pro- prietors are wise they will return to their old lines, and utilise to the utmost the almost miraculous inventions and developments of modern science. It was always surprising to me that the place was not burnt down long ago, so cumbered were the confined premises with ancient properties and highly inflammable mate- rials. In history the Polytechnic will principally be known as the birthplace of Pepper's ghost which, by the way, the professor himself, unless the fire changes his plans, is bringing to Australia. A much moro serious fire was that which, in the second week in January, destroyed the Bir- mingham Prco Library. Such a loss is truly irrepaiable. No amount of insurance can cover it, for rare buoks are amongst the few things which can never bo replaced. The Birmingham library was one of the best in the country ; in some respects without question the best. It was the pride of tho Midland Counties. It had u continental reputation. I remember two eminent German scholars who lived a month in Birming- ham to consult its treasures. It is known that several of the volumes destroyed were the only copies extant. Gone probably for ever is the famous Cervantes library, containing every known edition of the great Spaniard's works gone too the rare Knowle Cluild Book, to anti- quarians a priceless old MS. In Bhort, in a few hours thero vanished the greater part of 80,000 volume«, rare engravings, drawings, and pi ¡nts. Fortunately a portion of the ShakBperian library is saved. It was the finest Slmksperian col- lection in tho world, as became the county which is honored by including Stratford-on-Avon within its borders. It num- bered 8000 volumes, which had been col- lected at great expense and greater labor from all quarters of the globe. It is true, insurance will yield £24,000, and that the greater part of the ¿10,000 which the library committee at onco resolved to raise has been given. Bub it is obvious that money, all powerful as it is, ¡b powerless to restore what has here perished. The evil suffered, the question as to its cause is naturally raised, and there is the customary display of wisdom after the event It seemB that tho gas pipes were frozen, and that a careless workman, thaw- ing them, allowed a pile of shavings to blaze near a number of temporary wooden partitions. It would be hard to deprive the public of the use of a Free Library after dark, but there are no gas pipes in the British Museum. Amidst nil the wonderful inventions of modern science, is ii not possible to devise buildings that shall be fire-proof Í But the mischief is done, and the Saturday that saw it must ever be a black-letter day in Birmingham history. When a few wcekB ago I devoted n paragraph»> to tho career ot Carlo Gatti, who began life ia "* London by selling ponuy ¡ces from a hand-cart in the streets, I said he had made a fortuno. Who, however, could have dreamt it was so large? Besides his various businesses, inherited by his sons, he leaves £60,000 for division between his widow and threo daughters. For twenty years past wo havo been accus tomed, in tho speeches of gentlemen re- sponding for tho toast of tho Navy, to hear the statement, "My lords and gentle- men, the navy is in a transition state." into how many centuries is that transition state to be extended ? One may bo well inclined to believe that we are only at the beginning. The wooden walls went, and now iron is going. The navy has just entered upon an age of Bteel, and the Conqueror, turrot ship, recently commenced at Chatham, is its firstborn, But the Government is proceeding warily, as if conscious that the time may at any moment como when nrrnor-plating more impenetrable than steel will bo forthcom- ing. The Conqueror will bo only half the size of tho unfortunate but representativo Thunderer, aud ita guns will be but 38-tonncrs -trifles by comparison with the SO-ton monsters of the Ja flexible. Good naval authorities are already de- claring that tho now armor will not be invulner- able to steel shot unless steel-plates more highly tempered than heretofore eau le produced. Repeatedly havo steel Bhot gone clean through 12iu. iron without being the worse for it. The following lines from Cowley struck me, aB thoy met my oyo to-day, as metaphorically suit- able for inscription on the banner of the Agricul- tural Laborers' Union : Tho Holds which »prang boncath tho ancient plough, tt|umt nuil outworn, ruturn no lturvuat now, Anil wo munt iliu of »nut Unions now land» wo plant. The decision of the majority of the judgeê iu the Court of Queen's Bench, that the proprietor ot a newspapor is nob criminally liable for tho publication of a Iibol, uulcas whou ho is shown to have had knowledge of tho intonded publica- tion, has nlready had some effect. Actions for libel against newspapers during the last two years havo become almost monotonous iu num- ber. Many of them wore justifiable; others not. The day of "swingeing damages," how- ever, has apparently availed, and plaintiffs have been in recent actions consoled with a farthing verdict. For thoir own reputation, journalists and literary mon-it is unpleasant to observe -aro, in tho law courts, intruding themselves too much by half upon public notice. There were no fewer than five cases iu point pending nt tho end of January. At what ago does a woman censo to be jealous i At Enfield, in Middlesex, about Christmas time, an affectionate wife of 74 committed suicide through jealousy of her husband, a roving blade of 75. The colonisation of Central Africa is tho latest Manchester idea. Thero íb sonio talk of this project boing tho means of putting an end " to the iniquitous bUwo traffic." Wo know tho meaning of this, It means nothing. If Man- chester wants to opon up tho interior of Africa, tho desiro-wo may go bail- has soino tliiug to do with cotton goods. In fcvct the figures produced nt a meeting of mer- chants to discuss tho subject, boro directly upon tlil8 aspect of the quoatiou. Stress was laid upon the fact that 2100 million yards of calico aro sout annually to ludia. Why not to Africa? The prime mover is a Mr. Bradshaw, and it is stated that ho is in correspondence with the explorer Stanloy. Tho arguments at the Mans cheater meeting wore baaed upon Stanley's data, Some people will bo suspicious about this, though it ia true, Bomo pcoplo nro suspicions about any- thing, llowovor, tho promoters of this scheme have as yet not got beyond preliminaries. A Frco-trado Hall eonfereuco is to be called, Mr. Stauloy is to bo invited to attend, and ' the prac- tical suggestion to bo launched is that a trading company bo formed-capital, ton millions ster- ling. Mr. Bradshaw, tho primo movor, seems to havo bia scheme cut, dried, and soasoncd. Ho would dovolop tho lake rogioiiB, running a rail- way SOO milos long from tho oust coast to Vic- toria Nyanza, and extending the lino as circum- stances warranted to Tanganyika, Nyassa, and tim Shira and Zambesi rivers. 'i1io lending men in Manchester somohow did not appear in the business at the limo of the latest despatches, 'J'hoy are a cautious race. But if they do throw thoinaelves into the achomo they will carry it out. It is tho old-fashioned custom at homo to give the inmates of workhouses a pint of small bier with their Christmas Day dinner. Upon that festival only throughout tho year ii tho luxury allowed, For the othor 301 days they aro doomed to gonuiuo workhoiiBO fare. A .Mrs. Scholefiohl, of Nowcastlo, mid two other pnrsuns of tho samo sox and sympathy, hearing that tho Nowcnstlo guariliauB proposed to give the usual Christmas pint of table boer to the poor paupers, wont in solemn deputation to the board to urgo that tho time-honored custom should not bo observed. Thoy bo held forth, "orated," ¡>.ad protested, that thoy carried their point by a casting voto, though the meeting was by them turned into a hear gardon, Having act iho guardians by tho cars, and robbed the wrntohed paupers of tho moilost treat to which thoy woro looking forward, theso deputatiouists wero fully entitled to rustle their silks before their comfortable parlor firea, aud got what consolation thoy could from thoir peculiar method of treating tho friendless and forlorn. The Bendigo Advertiser, of March 21, sayB : For Borne time past Mr. William Frederic Bar- nett (son of the late Dr. Barnett, of this city), has been in very delicate health, but hopes wero entertained, if not of his ultimato recovery, that he would at least be spared for some years. About three weeks ago ho got a great deal worse, and all hopes of saving his life wore at at end. Ifo suffered from disease of tho liver and epilepsy, and these complaiuts proved fatal at 4 o'clock yesterday morning. Tho deceased gentleman has been a resident of this city for about nine- teen years, having como direct to Bendigo on his arrival from Loudon, of which place ho waB a uative. lie was only 37 years of age, and leaves a wife and two young children to mourn their loss. His curly demise may no doubt in a groat measure bo accounted for by the exposure and privations ho underwent Boinc sixteen years ago, In 1863 ho joined Mr. Duiican M'lutyre, in a privato exploring party to and from the Dar. ling aud tho Oulf of Carpentaria. On that occasion thoy wore accompauied hy threo black- boys only, but the trip was successfully per formed. On thoir journey across the continent they discovered two marked trees on the Flinders Uiver, and Dr, Muellor, believing them to be records of Dr. Leichhardts ill- fated expedition, obtained tho assistance of some ladies, and a ladies' committee was formed, and an exploring party, undor the command of Mr. Duncan M'lotyre, was organised to follow up the pre- sumed traces of Dr. Leichhardt. The deceased gentleman was inviteil to join that party by Mr. M'Intyre, and although at that time ou tho Warrego, he lost no time in journeying to "Vic- toria, but on arriving at Mr. M'Intyre's uncle'B residence-Mr, Donald Campbell, Glengower he was mortified to find that the expedition had started a few days previously. Mr. Campbell advised him to follow the party, and assured bim that ho would occupy the position ot an officer of tho expedition. He started off, ami overtook the party at the Darling, when he was told by Mr, M'Intyro that ho could only join as a common hand. This he agreed to do, and although his hopes and his ambition wero damped, his enthusiasm was still alive. In writing on this subject afterwards the Riverine Herald said :-" We believe that a greater mistake was never made by any leader. Had Mr. Barnett been given a command, the frightful disaster at Cooper's Creek might have been averted ; at all events, it wns due to his exertions in a great measure that worse results did not follow." Mr. Barnett accompauied the expedition right throug* to tho Gulf of Car- pentaria, aud waa there allowed to leave the party. The Becond iu command of this party was Dr. Murray, of "Blackbird" notoriety, and who, with others, deserted M'Intyre, whilst tho deceased remained faithful to him to the tot. He had great difficulty in making his way back to Victoria, and about three weoks after ho did bo news waB received of the death of Mr. M'Intyre, and hw then second in command, Mr. Slomau. Mr. Barnett's services avere again sought and given. He was appointed to the command, and joined the party at the Gilliott Creek, in Northern Queensland, where Mr. Donald M'Intyre (brother of the deceased Dun- can M'Intyre) had a station. The expedition, under the command of Mr. Barnett, was then continued for about four months longer, when it w»s brought to an end for want of fuuds. 