QUEENSIAND. rFrom w own Gorreroenrlent.1 Brisbane, January 18. T7p to the time -of toe assembling of Parlia ment last Tueaday we were very apathetic about things political, bat we wakened np won derfully daring tha last few days. All the preliminary formalities attending the assembling cf a new Parliament were got through on Tues day, and the trouble began in earnest on the following day, when the Governor opened Parliament in person. Ministers had put a very lengthy speech into HU Excellency's mouth. It contained inch a variety of subjects for future legislation that it quite cue the ground a»ny from under the feet of the other party coming into power, and this probably was the intention of the framers. I seed .baldly say that the Chinese question held a prominent position, and those present could bardly aroid smiling when they heard the Governor, who is as iutense an admirer of the Chinese as could be met with, and who his not » domestic in his estaolishment who does not bail bom the Flowery Mud, announce that a Bill would be introduced to check the influx of Chinese, and that a new contract would be made for our northers mail service which shsuld positively prohibit the employment of Asiatic* or Polynesians on board the mail steamers The speech told us that a measure was to be introduced intended to improve the Civil Service. Such a measure is badly needed if only for the_ purpose of laying down something like a satisfactory principle with regard to the appointment and promotion of Civil servants. Great discontent prevails iu nearly all the departments oa account of the manner in which some recent appointments have been made. It is felt that good servants of the public should be able to feel sure that faithful work will meet with its due reward, and that that rather than interest Bhould be the guide of those who have appointments and promotions in their hands. Notwithstanding that we are utterly poverty-stricken, and are looking for* ward to increased taxation, the speech suggests a good deal of further expenditure ou railways. Ol course the speech bids us hot to take too gloomy a view of the future, while Providence and the state of affairs 'at Lome' are debited with the unsatisfactory past and present, it being taken for granted that the Ministry have wade no mistakes whatever. As soon as the opening ceremony was con cluded the Opposition held a caucus meeting, on which occasion I played the part of Paul Pry — that is, I hung about the purlieus of that Committee-room in order to be able to form some idea as to how the Government would tare when the inevitable battle was fought. 'Well, x soon came to the conclusion, from the way in which the room filled up, that the Government had not the ghost ot a chance; and when I beheld members in their places in the Bouse a few hours later my impression was gi eatly strengthened. The Ministerial Bide of the House presented a beggarly array of empty benches, while the other Bide swarmed like aa Butheap. Tou must permit me a little exaggera tion on so exciting a topic. No time was lost in getting to work. The two youngest members, Messrs. Meston and Patersoo — the former a Pressman and member for Kosewood (a new electorate;, and the latter one of the many lawyers in the House and one of the members for Rockhampton— moved and seconded the address in reply. Both did very well far a first attempt, and although both were fluent the speeches had not that strong flavour of preparedness that many glib speeches by new hands often possess. It was not generally understood wnether the address in reply o.- the election of Chairman of Com mittees 'would be the peg ou which to hang the inevitable quarrel, but Mr. Mcllwiaith soon set the question at rest by moviug an amendment in the usual shape of want of confidence. His speech warn temperate but full of confidence, while the Premier's was temperate, too, without the confidence. Mr. Douglas had no satisfactory material to work upon, and was evidently only anxious to die gracefully and game. Mr. Palmer delivered one of hia trenchant speeches, but the speech was that of the Minister for Works, Mr. Griffith. This was a most telling effort, and showed clearly that the hon. gen tleman would make a splendid leader of the Opposition. The debate might have ended and the fate of the Ministry decided on the Wed nesday, but numbers of the many new members were anxious to have their say on so eventful a question, and out of courtesy to them the debate was adjourned until the following day, a pledge being given by the Premier that a division should be then taken. On the Thurs day, in audition to an excellent speech from the Treasurer, Mr. Dickson, we had the opportunity, and in somecases the pleasure, of hearing the new chums, as they were irreverently called. The majority of them shaped very well, and for debating power the new House is likely to prove an improvement on the old. At about 9 o'clock, by which time the smallest of the small fry had said their say, a division was called, aud great excitement became at once noticeable in the crowded galleries ; but it was easy to state the result loug before the tellers commenced their labours, and the declaration — 20 for the Ayes and 32 for the Noes — took nobody by surprise. The next morning, when the Hohbb assembled again, the Premier of course announced that he had tendered his resignation to the Governor— who, equally of course^ccepted it — and that Mr. Mcll wraith had been entrusted with the task of forming a new Ministry; so now we are all on the tiptoe of expectation as to whom our future rulers are to be, though I fancy there are some who can make a pretty shrewd guess Ko doubt the whole thing has been cut and dried for seme time past. As 50a will probably learn by telegraph, ere this letter reaches you, the names of the new Ministry, I will not trouble you now with my speculations on the subject. Had the address in reply been allowed to pass unchallenged there was to have been, and still will be, I suppose, a great fight over the appointment of a Chairman of Committees. The Liberal candidate is Mr. Da Poise Tyrel, the member for Carnarvon, and the Opposition candidate Mr. Groom, a rat from the liberal side. The latter is almost sure to be elected, judging by the majority Mr. Mcllwaith had on the late division. At the same time the leader of the Opposition can hardly expect to retuiu the large majority he then had. Many of his vote were gitei. by members against the Ministry rather than against the Libert! party, and tha working majority of the new Ministry will hardly exceed seven, which is quite enough in a House of fifty-five members. And this remind* n;e that during the late debate fifty-four oat of the fifty-five were present during a portion o the time. The election of a Chairman of Committees in the other Chamber was of a vtrj different diameter from that which will take place in the Commons. Mr. D J. .Roberts, who has held the position for some time, again finds himself cast for the very comfortable role. It is understood that there are men in the Council better fitted for the position, but with a generosity and con sideration which did them credit the intended nominees would not allow themselves to be pnt in the light of the late Chairman. And. bythe way, I quite forgot to say that Mr. King, the late vfry satisfactory Speaker in the Lower House, has again been pat in the post of honour. He was proposed by the Premier, seconded by tbe leader of the Opposition, and elected Speaker nem con. Nor csuld the House hare done better. The only complaiut I have ever heard against Mr. King in bis capacity of Speaker is that he takes too prominent a part in debates in Committees of the 'Whole, but I really don't see that the complaint u a very reascnable one. Tbe ceremony of opening Parliament bad a (?chocking conclusion. While tha volunteer battery, composed entirely of old soldiers, was firing a salute from the battery iu the Queen's Park, not far from the Parliament Bonne, one of the guns exploded prematurely, tbe con sequence being that two of the gunners who were engaged in loading the guns were blown away, while the man at the vent bad his thumb split. One of the gunners was picked up dead, while the other was found to be so fearfully and ghastly mutilated that it was regarded as a merciful release whea a few hor*s afterwards be breathed his last in the hospital. The funeral took place next day and was one of the most imposing ceremonials of the kind ever seen here. The whole city turned out, sod as was to have been expected the volunteers mustered very strongly, -and the cortege was consequently a very long oce. An enquiry into the circumstances of tbe acci dent was commenced to-day, but not mach evidence was taken. There is a strong feeling that the enquiry should be as full and as strict aa possible, and that experts should give their evidence. The accident is at present inex plicable. Some Bcggtst that the vent was rjjt properly *erred, others that the gun it honey combed, »ad others again that the sponges were too «nalL From all I can learn Sergwuit Craft, m steady old soLiier, whs served tee vent, will be actjoittt-d of carelettnesa. This poor fellow, notwithstanding hii own suffering, marched is the f uneral processioc VTUO Vi OUr JJUHIW^IBV UW WOU «1MU^ via ' Hansard,' which it regards aa a quite unne cessary and expensive luxury. The paper puto the cost of this toy at £6,000 to £6\250 a year, and fails to see a quid pro qua tat the moriey. The ** Hansard ' plan includes the training of a lot of boys to shorthand reporting, and it is suggested that it would be just aa proper to send home to England for the best man obtainable ia order to teach bookkeeping or any other pro fession to our risirig generation at the public expense. I do not regard our ' Hansard ' aa a success, although there is little to complain of aa regards the manner of its bringing out. ltd tendency is to cause members to speak at greater length and more frequently tb»n they otherwise would, because they know that their utterances will find full publicity, which under the old system it did not by any means follow that they would. Tbe police have been catching it at the hands of the Press, snd certainly a more wretched piece of police bungling than that perpetrated here recently can hardly be imagined. A youth named O'Sullivan was sent with a man named Brown to fetch a mob of cattle for a Brisbane butcher. Brown disappeared from his camp one Bight, and CSullivan having waited for him some time brought the cattle to Brisbane by himself. When it became Known that Brown was missing the boj O'Sullivin was, although there was no good ground of suspicion against him, straightway arrested on a charge of murder, manacled hand and foot, and re manded from time to time, the police mean while looking for something like evidence. Evidence, sure enough, did turn up, in the person of the supposed murdered mas, who had only been indulging in a bit of bush eccen tricity—caused, doubtless, by bush brandy. It must have been .very poor consolation to the poor boy 0'SulUvan to be informed that he left tbe Court without a stain on his character. The public are very angry over this matter, as well they may be. Things are not as they should be with our volunteers. Some of the most prominent mem bers of the force have resigned lately, having thrown up their commissions in disgust. The fact is the volunteer system is perfectly strangled with red tape. The moderate desires of tbe volunteers are treated as though tney were monstrous. It is a great pity, for the men are almost without exception enthusiastic in their work. It is generally insisted that there mHst be a paid military man at the head of affairs. A civilian, however well- intentioned he may be, can hardly be looked up to with con fidence by the men. Colonel Scratchley is to pay us a visit next week, and I should not be at all surprised to find the subject of procuring a first-rate military commandant mooted to him. I am sorry to say that I can report nothing satisfactory regarding mercantile affairs. Sinae I last wrote we have witnessed the failure of an important house, that of Messrs. Berens, Banniger, & Co. This failure has bad a very melancholy accompaniment— that of the death of the senior partner, Mr. Berens. The poor fellow was missing from his residence the day the failure became publicly known, and a day or two afterwards he was found drowned in the river. It is feared that other failures will follow, and we have again quite lost oar spirits, which we were gradually regaining. The Governor's speech announced that the enquiry by the Royal Commission into the working of the Real Property Office.which Peter son, the late Deputy Kegistrar-General, made so prominent by his frauds, has shown that there are no serious defects in the department, which must be good news to tbe employes, high and low, because they have been threatened with being got rid of root and branch. One effect, however, of the Royal Commission and tbe Peterson frauds combined has been to crtate a panic amongst the big-wigs in the office, the consequence of which is that a svstenj of checking and counter checking and general distrust has been esta blished which is most irritating and heart breaking to all concei ned. Ti* ever thus under like circumstances. The unfortunate underlings are worried out of their lives, and the work of tbe department must suffer in consequence. I am told that the very office books are barred up, and that when one is required there is as much fuss and ado as though tbe Crown jewels were in course of removal. This is all very silly and worse than useless. We have had an extraordinarily cool summer on the whole, 0 si sic omnes, but we must be content with present blessings and *' seek not to proticipate,' as the immortal Mrs. Gamp says. The season has been a splendid one for farmers and graziers. Grass has been and is most plentiful, and fat beasts are plentiful. Un fortunately these are not saleable except at ruinous prices, and, as the stockowners say, ' there is always something.' It is rather heartbreaking to find that there is scarcely any thing to choose between a long period of drought and a season of fatness for the land. 