THE MYSTEEIES OP CEIME; OB, Thb Expebiestges of an Ebeetbu&gh; Detective. — j^o. CXXIV. [Published by special arrangement with tbe Author.] A BURNT WILL. All our dwelling-places in this world, as an Eastern dervish is reported to have s»id, are but caravanseries — a kind of wayside inns, at which we put up for a short time, and then jog on and vanish in the mists beyond, taking nothing with us — ? ** Come like shadows — so depart.' -'—'''' Every one of us, in vanishing, leaves some trumpery gear behind him, and over this those left sometimes scramble and fight before we are well out of the w-iy. A^ legal messaee left v?itb. the money or effects — in plain words, a will — may often prevent this unseemly exhibition ; bat, sup posing the will to be destroyed, and no other in existence, who is to right the wronged then ? Why, no one, of course, is tbe ready answer. But that this does not necessarily follow I mean to show by giving the following curious and exciting case. We all leave hundreds of traces behind us other than wills — just like people leaving one house and going to another — and among the litter facts may crop out quite as powerful as the clearest will ever penned. In this way I have seen strange inversions and changes brought about that almost made one imagine that a dead arm had been thrust suddenly from the grave to put matters right. We may well tremble in peering into the future — small mercy we may expect from those coming — but truth is a rock which shall stand for ever, and to show the effect of one truthful de- , claration during one of those shadowy lives, I will now give the incident' alluded to. In one of those small villas out at Minto ; street an Edinburgh merchant lay sick unto death. The place is considered one of the finest and healthiest in the city, but a few cartloads of tanners' bark littered on the roadway to deaden to the sick man the sounds of passing wheels, proclaimed sharply to every passer-by, ' We die here too.' The sick chamber was blinded and cur tained to keep out the glare of the July sun, but there was still enough light to show to the dim perceptions of the dying man that his son, George Steele, a thrice plucked student at the University, and general rake and ne'er-do-well, sat in the room alone watching him curiously and in some awe. A slight movement of the sick man's hand and lips brought the son closer to the bedside to hear the whispered words — 'I'm afraid I'm dying.' .. The son had just been thinking the same thing; but though he could not put on a look of sorrow, in decency he was com pelled to appear startled, and say — V Surely not? Its surely not so bad as that ? Oh, no ; I think you'll get better.' 'S-s-sh, I have not much strength left,' whispered the dying man with a painfu1 effort. 'I' may go before night — ye:, before night.' ' Shall I send for the doctor ?'' said the son, becoming alarmed, and fearing that his father was actually to die then. 'No, no, he could do no good,' dreamily answered the merchant. ' You might rak 3 me up a little ; no, don't ring for the nurse or the servant, they are tired enough ; let them sleep. I only want to say something to you — alone.' George Steele raised his father into the desired position, and supported him there, secretly wondering what there was to say that required that they should be alone. Selfish, dissipated, and careless, he looked iClwa-rd to bis father's death, as the moment when he at last should be free — free to sperd what the hard toil of a lifetime had accumulated. His father had been stern though not unkind, and had reproved his follies with unflinching ss verity; now he reckoned all that was to end, and he was to roam and rake as his own sweet will directed — sole heir to the hard-won thousands. No more idiotic study and meaningless grinding for college classes then, he thought — nothing but freedom and jolly debauchery. ' I — I want to tell you about the will,' slowly began the sick man. ' I had one drawn up, as I told you ? ' ' Yes, yes — I know — almost an unneces sary proceeding,' hastily put in George Steele, 'for, of course, I, as your only son, heir it all.' 'Not all — not all,' faintly answered the sick man, ' there's another, as you will find when you read the will after I am gone. It's over in my desk there, and you'll get the keys under my pillow — there's Hugh Baird, iny nephew.' ' Ah, well — of course — he's a relative to he sure,' said the son, biting his lip in dis appointment, 'but you might have feft him to me. A trifling legacy would not hamper me much ; in fact, the drawing up of the will would cost y«u as much.' 'A trifling legacy would not do/' arjxiously returned the sick man. ' He is my sister's son, George, and a kind, tenerous-hearted lad, struggling hard to win a place. No, I thought long over it ' before I did it, but it was the only way I ? ould satisfy my conscience — Hugh gets cot a small leeacv, but the half of every thing.' 'Good God!' you must be mad V and in starting back the dutiful son almost let; his -father drop back on the pillows. 'He's only a nephew — I'm a son — to take the half would ruin me.' ' There's enough for both,' weakly got out Mr. Steele. *' Enough to give you both a grand start in life — better than thousand s are blessed with. Men were not meant to be moths — to eat and destroy — they were meant to work — every man for himself.' 'But I cannot work!' eshoed the son, perfectly aghast. ' I was never meant for work — and I don't need it if I get my own — I have the first and nearest claim to all.' 'Not the nearest — not the nearest,' faintly iterated the sick man, ' but I have reasoned myself into thinking that your claims are equal. Perhaps I have done wrong, but, if so, it was out of affection for you.' 'Affection!' cried the son, more and more enraged, ' a pretty affection, I mast &ay; ! I will not submit to be robbed. I tee how it is now — Hugh has got round you with his cant and attentions; but let me tell you that though I have to burn the will or prove you mad when you made it he shall never get a penny of the mouey.' ' George, George !' you would never be so base — so cruel — so wicked!' cried the sick man, in astonishment. 'Can it be possible that I have nurtured and reared such a -villain V ' A y. Give me your keys and I'll prove it,' shouted the son, making a sweeping snatck in under the sick man's pillow, and seizjnjr the keys. ' I'll soon make short work of the wonderful will,' and heedless of the excited and gurgling cries of the poor father he crossed the room, unlocked the desk, and snatched out the coveted docu ment. One hasty glance at its heading and title and he deliberately struck a light and held the will in the flame of a gas jet till every fragment of it was reduced to black ash. As he turned and moved towards his father in triumph at his speedy success a strange silence seemed to fill the room in piece of the previous commotion ; and one glance at the bed showed him a ghastly change to rigidity in his father's features. The eyes, however, of the dying man were wide open, and fixed in an angry stare on his flushed and guilty face, and the lips were making a convulsive effort at articu lation. George Steele went forward and listened, and in spasmodic gurgles made out the following bitter and crushing mes sage : — ' There's— another— copy — at—Hender- son's ! Villain ! oh vil ? ' The head fell back there, and the 'words ceased. George Steele bent forward motionless for nearly a minute, and then in the cold silence whispered — ' Well, he's dead at last. I wonder if I could keep the fact a secret for an hour or two. Another will at the lawyer's ? — it's worth a trial ; and, besides, I'm only fight ing for what's my own.' Hurriedly smoothing over the bed clothes, which had been disturbed by the agonised contortions of the dying man, and drawing ?pner of the curtains to hide the; marble face from his sight, Steele took a sheet of fidie^paper from the desk and hastily wrote as follows, appending a faint' and scrawling imitation of his father's; signature at the bottom : — ', 'T. Henderson, Esq., 'W.S. : ; . 'Dear Sir — Please to send over my last will and testament to me by the hands of my son George, aa I have mislaid my own copy. I am very ill, and would like to read it over, and per-i haps make some alterations. IE you could come ' over personally either to- night after six, or early to-morrow, in case alterations should leally be required, it would be an additional favor. ' Faithfully yours, 'Bobt. Stbhlb.' Having finished the forging of the signa ture and closed up the note, Steele left the room, locking the bedroom door outside after him, and hurriedly descended to the : lower regions, where he found two women dosing by the fire. ' Mr. Steele is asleep now, and you must not disturb him,' was his curious injunc tion. ' He will ring for you if he wakes, but on no account go near him unless. I have to go out for a minute, but Til be back before he wakes.' With these words he left the house, hailed a cab, and was* driven quickly over to Queen-street, where he alighted, and was shown into the office of the lawyer who had drawn up the will. This gentle man unfortunately was from home, but the chief clerk bowed deferentially to his visitor, and opened the note in his em ployer's absence. Steele watched the calm, business-like face and keen eyes in a flutter of concern as the note was read, and almost started as the man turned to him, saying — 'Do you know the contents of thia note?' 'Certainly,' stammered Steele; ^ 'I wrote . them — all but the signature, of course. My father is almost too ill to hold a pen.' ' I rather fear/' continued the manager, 'that the other copy of the will was de posited at Doctor's Commons; but I will look and see.' 'I think you will find it here,' said Steele, hiding his consternation as best he could. ' My father seldom, made — I mean makes a mistake in business matters.' He was right, though he blundered in the saying of it. The will was found and produced ; and then formally closed up in a long blue envelope, and addressed to 'Eoht. Steele, Esq.' ' I will write out a receipt, whAch you will be good enough to sign,' continued the lawyer's clerk ; ' and I need scarcely remind you that the document is a valuable one, and therefore deserving of your greatest attention as to its safety. I will telegraph for Mr. Henderson, and he will be with your father in the morning.' The receipt accordingly was written with a methodical slowress and precision thai was torture to the impatient swindler, stating to a minute when the will had baeu called for and given up, and also containing a full copy of the uote commaudinjj it to be delivered to Steele ; aad this document Steele hastily signed, and then left the office. The same cab took him back to Newicgton, where he hastily enquired of the servant if his 'father had rung since he left ?' 'No, never ance,' was the empbatfe reply, arid, he was about to piss on we!1 satisfied with tbe success of bis scheme when a remark o' the servant almost rooted him to the £pot. 'There was an awfu' queer burnin' smell,' she added, 'as if he had teen burnin' leather or some tMpg; and I went up to see that naetbing was Wi'ang ; but he had the door lockit, and nevev answered when I spoke.' 'What! and did you go in?' cried Steele, forgetting himself in the conf u«ron of the moment. 'Gang in? Could I gang in through the keyhole ?' echoed the woman in sur prise. ' Ob, no — of course you could not,' hastily rejoined Steele. 'It's all right about the burning smell — it's only a Darch ment document he has been burala^ while I was out. I'll see after that. Go back to the kitchen and rest yourself. We'll ring if we want you.' And then, looking 'strange and queer-like,' as the servant afterwards said, he hastily ran up the stairs towards the bedroom. The servant ought to have gone back to the kitchen, but she did not. She stood where she was, and by listening intently discovered that before entering the bedroom Steele had to insert a key in the lock, turn the same, take it oat, and reinsert it again on the inside. ' It's just as I thoeht,' she muttered to herself as she retreated to the kitchen. ' He had the puir auld man locked in a' the time he was away — what a like thing for a eon to dae to his f aither !' Meanwhile Steele had closed the door, torn open the envelope, and then, after satisfying himself that he had really the will in his hand, exultantly struck a light and reduced it to ashes, as he had done the former one, under the very eyes of the dying man. ' Done ! safe ! accomplished!' he cried, throwing his arms into the air in ecstasy, and actually for the moment for getful' of the presence of the dead. 'Hugh will \e clever than I take him to bs if he wrests a penny of it from me.' For fully half-an-hour he remained quiet, but at the end of that time he gave a violent ring at the bell, which not only alarmed the women below, but brought them scurrying up in terror that the house was on fire. ' Look to my father — he has taken a kind of fit !' he cried with a semblance or agonised concern. ' He seemed well ero i^k. when I came in, and burned the paper I brought him ri^ht enough; but then a sudden change came on him, and now he's awfully cold and still.' ' Still !' echoed the nurse, who had placed her hand on the body. 'He's deid !' 'What? Dead!' echoed Steele, with stagy grief in his tones. ' Ay, deid ; an' has been deid this hour at least,' sharply returned the nurse. 'How can that be when I'm not an hour in the house?' said Steele, angrily. 'Do you think I'm mad ?' ' I dinna mean to say that, sir, humbly returned the nurse, curtseying low to the heir. ' I only meant that I thoeht he had been deid that time.' 'Then keep your thoughts to yourself. I don't pay you to think, but to do your work,' sharply returned Steele ; and with these words he left them in possession, while he left to make arrangements for the funeral — to him no sorrowful task. About three hours later a young man with consternation and grief - depicted on his face, rang the bell, and was shown at once to the room where Steele was seated at dinner. . t ' My poor uncle— dead ? gone P': J|e faintly gasped, sinking into a chair. : 'rI have just got the news, and came ,,h^& direct. What a terrible blow !'. , 'Yes, to you,' said Steele, coolly, tappiflgr the plate before him with the, point of hU knife, and speaking with a marked emphasis that could not escape the other. 'To me truly; but to you as well/' simply replied Hugh Baird. 'He was my best-^my only friend on earth ; but he was your father.' ' Yes, he was my father — that's one good thing— he was my father!' said Steele, with gloating unction. 'But you surely don't expect me to whine over a death that brings me so much money ? With you, of course, it i3 different — poverty and teats were always allied.' t( I don't know that his death will make either of us a whit better off than the other,' quietly replied Hugh Baird, inex pressibly shocked by the callousness of the other ; ' but that is no question to be dis cussed now — we can talk ef that after* How unseemly to count or wrangle over & man's wealth the moment he is gone.' u I don't need to count it — I have exa mined his papers and know all to a penny,' hotly returned Steele; 'and let me tell you that this is the time to dissuss the matter, for I don't mean to trouble you about it again. Doubtless you expect that part of hia wealth comes to you ?' ' I told you already that I am not in clined to discuss the subject at present,' said Hugh Baird, with difficulty remaining: calm, tl but since you force me to speak I may tell you that my uncle's inientien was that at his death we should share alike — not like cousins but brothers.' ' You did ? Then you were completely misled — you get not a farthing of the pro perty — all comes to me,' was the tri umphant rejoinder. 'I hardly think so — he left a will ex pressly laying down this injunction,' said the nephew, ' and I may tell you that he re ore than once expressed his fears to me that you would in some way try to evade or dispute the conditions of that will.' ' He did ? Then he was right,' fiercely answered the other; 'I would certainly have disputed it, but that happens to be an unnecessary proceeding, for he changed hia mind regarding the disposal of his property — was sorry he had tried to wrong me — and recalled the will. He sent me for it — destroyed it before my eyes — and was waiting for the lawyer to arrive to write it anew when death overtook him.' 'tThen the conditions of the will still hold good/' cried Hugh Baird, convinced of some treachery. Steele thrust his hands into hia pockets — leaned back in his chair, and burst into a loud laugh. '* The will ?' he sneered. ' What will ? There is no will kowt !' ?' What do you mean ?' ' Mean ? — I mean that I, as son, heir ft all. You have not the ghost of a chance to a farthing of it.' ' Well, listen to me,' said Hugh Baird. ' I bad no desire to enter on this talk at present, but since you have forced it to this leegth, I may as well give you my rcind on the matter. I can truly say that I don't care that for the money,' and he snapped his fingers lightly. 'I can fight my way in the world without it,' but re rcember uncle always gave me more of his confidence than he did you, although you were his son, and I only his nephew, and he always stated his conviction to me that I had a better claim to all he possessed at his death than any one living.' 'Ah, I daresay — because you 'wound yourself into his good graces — fawned and acted the hypocrite,' sneered Steele. ' Oh, don't thick I was blind — I knew what all the fawning and preaching was for — it i3 to be your trade, you know, if ever you scrape together funds to take you through the Divinity Hall, and so you cannot begin to practise it too early.' ' That was always your trick since you were a mere boy,' 'calmly retorted his cousin. ' When reason failed you, you resorted to insult and abuse. The trick i3 too old to deceive me. Tell me at once and in straightforward terms, upon what grounds did my uncle change his mind as to the disposal of his property ?'' 'You doubt my word, then?' cried Steele, in a blusteriDg tone, in order to gain time to frame an answer. ' I do, indeed.' 'You are polite. Perhaps my best answer would be to show you to the door. Were you anything but an egregious ass, you would not put such a question at all — tbe grounds upon wMeh lie changed his mind were simply that I was his son, and you Ms nephew.' 'Then, by your own words you have satisfied me that you have deliberately falsified ; for these were precisely the grounds upon which my uncle said he;could never allow you the whole of his wealth. I argued and pleaded with him often, not that I might get half, but that you might get all ; but fie always stopped me by say ing that in justice that could not be — that unless 1 agreed to take half he would cut you off with a shilling.' 'Oh, I can readily believe that — your rndue influence did that,' replied Steele. 'It's a good thing your reign is over now — you cannot make a dead man defend you.' Hugh Baird rose to his feet, leant across the table, and looked his cousin full ;in the eyes. ' Listen — the more you insuit the more you convince me that there has been foul play. I shall fight it out with you, per haps in a law court. You say my uncle burned the will — when did he burn it?' 'That question I shall answer in Court,' cunningly answered Steele, who knew that his cousin had a peculiar reluctance to seek ing the assistance of the law. ' I defy you to do me harm.' ' My opinion is that you yourself have burned the will. If you have, beware that the action does not rebound with crushing severity on your own head. I do not put my trust in law or lawyers, but in the Highest Power of all — the Makei of the Universe. If your conscience does not accuse you of wrong you have nothing to fear from me. If you have plotted sin fully against mo or the last wishes of my uncle, depend upon it you shall be un masked and undone !' With these words Hugh Baird turned and left the room, and, after spending a few minutes alone with the still form up stairs in sorrowful thought and silent prayer, he left the house, resolved to take so farther stops in the matter. Steele grinned maliciously as he saw the bent ' form, move slowly past the dining-room ^window, and chuckhngly helped himself to another glass of brandy, at tne same time complimenting ^himself on having done a -»ry clever thing. ' If he only depends on Providence, thought the blasphemous scoundrel, 'Fin. all right.' Had he spoken of a lawyer or a detective I might well shake in my shoes, for their infernal cross-questioning would be certain to confuse me; but Providence — ha, ha, ha — it won't bother me much.' Thus matters stood and were likely to remain; for the most ingenious or skilful will Admit that Steele's position was almost ?unassailable. Possession is always con-' «idered nine points in law, butheliad more, for he had a noble and scrupulous opponent to deal with. And yet before the day appointed for the funeral a change -was to come — slight, it is true, but, nevertheless, the first turning of the s^ale in favor of the unassuming nephew. 'Singularly enough, Steele himself was the 'mover — indeed but for a petty act of mean xess on his part it would appear as if the : -whole fraud might have rested undiscovered till the Day of Judgment. The nurse, it appears, had-been engaged at a fixed salaiy ^per week to attend the deceased, Tmt ; s there was only one servant in the house and much work to be bustled through after the death she was allowed to remain a day or two longer, by which arrangement it hap pened that she entered upon another weeY, for which, on the morning of the day fixed for the funeral, she claimed payment in fuP. This claim Steele was foolish enough to resist, and when his own servant attempted to reason with him he only made matters worse by quarrelling with her and dis charging her upon the spot. The arrival i f some of the mourners put an end to the wrangle, but the mischief had been done -, . and the moment Hugh Baird arrived he was ?whisperingly called aside by the servant. ' I have something to tell ye, Maister Hugh, but I difina ken if ye could mak' ©nything o'd withoot a detective or some body to help ye. The nurse and me thinks that your uncle was deid far aimer than JHaister George said, for when he gaed awa* for the paper he burned he locldt Ms faither in ahint him.' ' Did he burn a paper !' breathlessly put in her listener. *' No, it was a parchment — I mind now he said it was a parchment.' ?' But did he say he burnt it ?' 'Not he — he said it was his father burnt it : but hoo could his father burn it if he was deid ? His father might hae burnt the first ane, but noo the second.' 'Then there were two burnt?' ' I think sae, for I noticed the queer smell whenever he gaed out, and after he cam' in it begood again.' 'But how do you know that my uncle was dead all that time ?' *' Because the nurse tellt me — she said it the meenit he cried us up, for the body was as cauld as ice and a' cruncled up, and s le stiff that she could hardly get it dressed. Now the heat disna gang oot o' a body sae quick as a' that.' Hugh Baird said nothing, but passing on into the reception-room, occupied himself for the remainder of the time in watching his cousin's face and asking himself if it were really possible that he could be guilty of such villany. Even yet the matter might have rested, but for another circumstance which cropped up, and in which Steele himself was again the blunderer. The lawyer Henderson, wno was the first to arrive, very simply happened to ask Steele if the -will which had been mislaid had been yet found, and was astonished to see that Steele sot only crimsoned guiltily at the question, 'but actually floundered in his answer. 'No, it has not been found, though 1 lave looked well for it,' he confusedly replied. 'But by-the- by, now that I re member, I heard the servants say that my father burned it while I was over at your eftice for the other.' 'And the other? — I trust you have it safe?' 'No, that is the strange thinsr,' said Steele, looking guiltier than ever.' 'The « moment I brought it in father seized and destroyed it.' He died immediately after. The lawyer remained silent for some moments. Accustomed to read faces he saw at a glance that something was wrong, and ghrewdiy guessed at the cause which liad prompted the crime. ' Were you awai'e of the provisions of that will ?' he at length coldlv inquired. 'I was.' ' And mean to fulfill them, of course ?' ' I do not. The will no longer exists, and I, as son, heir all.' 'I thought so — the villain has planned it all to get the additional half instead of bis cousin,' thought the acute lawyer. ' I «ould have sworn that the signature of that note was a forgery. I must consult Mr. Baird, and if he is willing — why, we'll make a case of it.' With this end in view the lawyer con trived to get into the same carriage with Hugh Baird, aad the two were very apeedilv engaged in a most interesting exchange of ' suspicions and facts, all pointing to at least one crime — forgery. But how was it to he Brought home to the criminal, or even sub stantiated in anyway? There was but one course which the lawyer could think of — namely, to raise an action, plac9 Steele in the witness-box, and force from him a declaration, on oath, that the signature was genuine. But here the young divinity student pulled up his eager companion and ? adviser with a sad shake of the head. *' N- ,' he said, 'if it connot be proved by facts, I will not make a case of it. It would only force him to perjure his own soul, with 1.0 gain to me, but an eternal loss to him.' : Still undaunted, Mr. Henderson called upon me in returning from the funeral, and placing the facts in my hands engaged me at my spare time to get up evidence for a criminal case against Steele. I hunted and ferreted — cross-questioned the servants and nurse — watched and dodged about Steele — and exerted myself to the utmost; but though I soon made out a case which ought to have convinced any reasonable mind of the man's guilt there still remained the one, fatal defect — the absence of any direct \ proof. Now, asthe case stands, it would puzzle any one to tell how it was to be solved quite as much as it did me, and even more so, for I; never expected it to be proved, while the leader may safely infer that I would noi have begun the relation withoutthe inten tion of giving the issue. Thisis Bow it came about, and if the result startles and pleases tbe reader half as much as it tfid me at the time I shall be more than satisfied : — i It happened that after my latest report as to progress in the matter, Mr. Henderson and his client j Hugh Baird, along with my self, were strolling past the Tfcori Church, when the sight of a decently clad old woman, going up High-street, suddenly attracted Hugh's attention, and brought' a peculiar circumstance to his memory. 41 Did you see that woman ?' he suddenly remarked to his companion. ' Her name is Cameron, and she was a kind of pensioner of my uncle's, having been servant to him in years gone by. You stared just now at me appearing so scared ; but the fact is I have just called to. mind a remark of my uncle s, which may prove more useful than all your lawyer's skill or detective's cunning put together. We used to visit the old body at times, and once, after we left, my uncle said to me, with strong emphasis — 'Hugh, my son is not what I would wish ; but if, after I'm gone, he should wrong you or oppress you in any way, just go along to Jeanie, and she'll put it right in a way that no one else can.' 'Then let us go to her now,' was the quick advice of the. lawyer, 'this matter, certainly wants putting right sadly ; and as ' I've done all I can, let's see what the old woman can do.' . On we went into a close both narrow and: dark, and then up a stair that would have tried the strongest lungs in the world, to a cleanly kept garret, where, being accom modated with a seat by the old servant, they proceeded to put before her the position of affairs and request her assistance. Judge of the astonishment and delight of her visitors when she suddenly interrupted the ' relation by^ saving — ' Then if he burned the twa wills he's burned his ain fingers in daeiri' it — robbit himsel' o' his share o' the money — for he's no mair your uncle's son than I am, though naebody aboot the hoose but the mistress an' me kent it. The fact o' the matter is, Maister Hugh, that your auntie had only a'e bairn — a wee delicate thing that wadna ha' lived a month had it no been ta'en awa sooth as soon as she could move. Weel, I gaed wi' her — ower the Border a weebittie — an' there she bedd near three months till the bairn dee'd. Then she took that ill and the doctor was that feared for the milk fever that we had to get a bairn frae the puirhoose to sook her breasts; and when she cam' roond again she couldna find heart to pairt wi? the wee thing, and jistgot leave to adopt it and ca' it by the name o' the deid ane, as she tent she could never have anither o' her ain.' ' And you can prove this ?' eagerly put in the lawyer. 'Prove It? Naething can be easier. I have a letter yet that the maister wrote to me when I had wee George awa' at the Bridge of Allen which I can show ye now if ye like,' and after some searching and rummaging in an old chest of drawers she produced a letter in the undoubted hand writing of the deceased, -which contained the following emphatic passage : — ' Tou know Jeanie, that George is not my son, nor can he ever fill the gap left by the wee dear now lying asleep among the hills of Cumberland; but still I like him, and as he will never know the truth, I would have him treated and watched and cared for even more carefully than if he were my own.' This was enough. After borrowing the valuable letter tne lawyer left the house, called a cab, and inviting me to enter was driven straight to Minto-street, where we were scowlingly received by Steele, -who, however, paled at the sight of my face, having already in one or two brutal drunken freaks come through my hands. ' You say that your father burned the two copies of his will executed by me before he died?' began the lawyer. 'Now I would ask you once more are you absolutely certain they are destroyed? that is, that they are not merely hidden, and that you could not bring tbem to light even to benefit yourself ?' 'I ani certain they are burned,' said Steele, looking a little alarmed. 'No power on earth can bring them into exis tence.' 'Then, the burning of those wills has burnt you out of half a fortune !' cried the lawyer, with undisguised delight. ' I am in a position to prore that you, George Steele, hitherto recognised as the son of my dearest client, Robert Steele, are no more his son than I am, but merely a pauper child adopted in infancy; and, therefore, that Mr. Hugh Baird, in the absence of any existing will, as the nearest and sole surviv ing relative is heir to all that you fancied yours;' and in the same exact manner he proceeded to lay before him the facts already stated. The fury of Steele — the rage, the horror, disappointment, and dispair increased with every one of the measured sentences, and at last found vent in a burst that could only have been expected from a maniac. *?' It is a plot — I will dispute it !' he hoarsely shouted. ' I will take him to Court — spend every penny on it.' ' No, you will not — I will prevent that, with Mr. McGovan's assistance,' quietly put in the lawyer. ' You have used that threat too long as a bugbear— it is now powerless.' 'Why? How? What ia to prevent me?' ' This !' and the lawyer held up the note with his finger at the forged signature of Robert Steele — ' Forgery !' It was a bold stroke, but it had the re quired effect. Steele paled and shrank, and hid his face in his hands, and finally, and like a miserable coward as he was, burst into tears, confessed the whole plot, and implored his (supposed) cousin to have mercy on him, and leave him some pittance to live on. I don't know how they settled it, &s; Hugh would never say, but I verily believe the scoundrel got his^ full half of all, as the burnt will had stipulated. At any rate, he appeared overcome with gratitude at the noble conduct of his opponent, and departed for America shortly after. Hugh is a minister now, and I daresay never misses the other half of the money, which but for a tender conscience might have been his own. First friend (over a glass of beer) : ?' Weel, John, tae tell the truth, my f aather w'tz a cosmo politan but am a misanthrope.' S .cond ditto : *' You're no' like me, man. My faather wis a collier, and am a collier tae, although it's no' the best o' professions the boo.' ' 