DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE. [FBOM OUB, OWK EEPOBXEB.] (Continued from another page ) Friday, May O, 181». MORNING SITTING. The Synod resumed at half-past nine o'clock, and .waa opened in the usual manner. MOTION FOB ABJOTja- MRNT. TJNDUK TALXATIVB NR88. The Rev. Canon TYHUKLL moved the adjournment of the Synod, to complain that in his opinion and in the opinion of many of the Uity, the Synod was being talked to death. There had been ao much wearisome talkipg, that many lnymen would refuse to be elected, and the Synod would deteriorate very much indeed. He could not wonder at this expres- sion of opinion on the part of the lui tv, for sitting after sitting hod been taken up with t*lk upon points of order, aid nothing had been dnne. Mr. Jss. WILSON seconded the motion, and con- curred in the opinion of the mover. The Rev. Canon WHITK denied that nothing had been dnne. A good deal of business had been transacted, and although there may have been a Rood deal of talk, it w>i« not fair to say tha.tr the Sittings h (id b»en fruitless. The Rev. S. SIMM thought the motion was a waste of time, Synod hid no power whatever to stop the mouths of meai ben The motion was put and negatived. THB COEBK^PJNDINO COMMITTK3 OF THB ¡BOARS OF VISSIONS. On the resumption of the debite for the adoption .I the report of this committee, The Rev. JNO. SHAW exprusse 1 h!s pleasure that a small thing bud be-n begun which was destined to have great endings. It wes well that the missionary efforts of the church ehould be definitely directed to the Chinese mission, and in his opinion, the Chinese nature possessed a receptivetiess for Christianity in the highpBt degree encouraging to the promoters of the north Queensland Chinese mission. The Rev. f'. D. Eo >s remarked that England, the Mother of Nations, the Sovereign of a Universal Umpire, had also a nobler duty to perform-the duty declared in the eternal counsel of the Mott High, to bring the nations within the f<dd of the church, and to save them through the perfected work of the Redeemer. He rejoiced that the church had taken up the work of the Chinese mission, and entirely agreed with the mover las to the value of the proposed annual missionary meetings in all the parishes. The Rev. Canon WHITE, admitting that the Chinese residentem Australia providentially offered to the «burch a mission field, pleaded specially for the cause of the aborigines of Australia, who had a sac-ed claim apon the attentions of those who had d isposs »seed them of their lands. It was clear, from the experience of Vic toria and Adelaide, that the blacks were not unteach able,as wai generally supposed, butat least were as in- telligent se Kuropeans. It was shown by the reports of inspectors of the work at mission stations, that abo xigines'cbildren showed ability to receive both secular and religious knowledge superior to the ability ef white children. Missionary effort would not therefore be thrown way upon the aborigines, and he thought they should join their prajers for missions to the Chinese to prayers for the missions to the blacks, and interest themselves also in these latter missions. He supported the suggestion for the annual missionary meetings. There was another m esion deserving their attention-that to the Polynesian labourers who esme in such numbers to Queensland. The Rev. 8. SIMM believed that if the missionary spirit were developed in the members of the Synod, and of the church, it would bear fruit in their lives and conduct. He declined to join in the common cry agninBt the Chinese character, which wouid bear favourable comparison with that of Europeans, But the Chinese needed the enlightenment and lofty in- fluences of the Gospel, by which the English nation bad been placed in the van of the nations of the .world. The movemont reflected great credit upon the Synod, and was worthy of the Synod of a diocese presided ov6r for so nanny years by one who nae signally a missionary bishop, and who had the warmest sympathy with all missionary effort. He agreed wiih Canon White that there was opening for missionary work among the aborigine!. The diocese needed an organisation of missionary labour, and he was pleased to think that the matter waa in such efficient hands as thote of the Rev. VV, 8, Wilsen, The Rev. 6. H. JOHNSTONE thought Chinese .were chiefly open to religious convictions on that side of thsir character in which they recog- nised the advantages of Christianity as affect- ing their worldly gains. Some very encouraging hopes of the Chinese mission might be derived from the près-nee of Chinese among Europeans. Heap proved of including the aborigines in missionary effort, and also of the suggestion respecting annual missionary meetings. The Rev. Canon TTBBELI. proposed to offer some practical remarks. They should not overlook their nome mission!-they should not neglect the home heathen while looking at the heathen of the islands of the seas. They should carry on missions to both : the church had a field among white people in the towns and in the buBb, aa well as among Chinese and Polynesians, Mr. R. W. THOMPSON testified to the truthfulness, gratefulness and receptive intelligence of the aborigines of Australia. Vx. H. J. BGLDINO gave an instance oE conspicuous hospitality he had experienced at the hands of Chinese. The Rev. H. S. MECIABD said that the experience of the church bad been that where there was activity in foreign missions there was also activity in respect of home missions. The real hindrance to effective mission work arose from the defects allowed to be visible in the lives and conduct of professing christians, and especially in the character' of professedly christian communities. Yet, missionary effort to the heathen ought not to be relaxed, because of this ; and earnest effort to further foreign missions would react healthfully upon home missions. He pointed out the distinction bet ween .the Chinese,-as the possessors of an ancient civilization- and other heathen ; and in reference to a statement ot a previous speaker, that the disregard of truth by the Chinese was the great bar to their . reception of Christianity, he reminded the Synod that the wice of lying was not unknown to English- men. Therefore it wai not necessarily an insur- mountable bar to the acceptableness of Christianity by the Chinese. The church should recognise a duty to Australian aborigines, so that the coming of the white man to their land should not prove to be an unmixed curse. The Rev. W. S, WILSON repl'el, and reminded the -Synod that the Board of Missions had been framed to take up the furthering of missions aa a distinct portion of the Church's work. The Board conatitu \- tod an organisation that had not previously existed. The report was adopted. TBAIOTNS CANDIDATES FOB HOLT OHDBBS, The Rev. F. D, BOBE moved, pursuant to notice ." That the Diocesan Council be instructed to consi- der the subject ef the training of candidates for Hely Order», and the supply of clergy for the Diocese of JSTewcastle, and to bring up a report or ordinancd thereon to be laid before the Synod at its next ses- sion." He believed the resolution would commend itself at once to the Syued, and to" the Church at , -large ; to the laity -as well as to the clergy. No sub- ject as the training of candidates for Holy Orders could well be surpassed in moment ; the cha- racter of the Church of England as a learned church should be maintained, in view of the general epread of education. In general knowledge laymen were <now abreist of the clergy, and the clergymen must tbe fully educated if they would command respect, ¡and secure an influence for good. The supply of .clergymen involved a difficult question, for the work of the church did not offer anything like the same wosJdly attractions as were contained in various «eoular pursuits. He held it wise to refer the matter to the Diocesan Council in the termB <of his resolu- tion, so that the Council should deliberate on the .matter and report to Synod. The church could not «expect always to receive ministers from home, but must by and by look within herself for the «upply of 1er pulpits. Ho suggested that some assistance aiigbt be given by the diocese to deserving theological cufldi dates who mightstudy at8, Paul's College inconnexion .with the Sydney University. This was a point which the Council might consider, and aleo whether, if St. Paul's College cannot be thus utilised, the training of candidat*a could nbt he conducted at home, say in St. Augustine's College in .Canterbury, the great mission- ary College of England. Every student trained in tint College was bound to go forth into the world as a missionary; he could not stay in England, Tbe expenses of students in the college were aided by exhibitions, of which the college possessed a large number. The Rev. 0. H. JOHNSTONE seconded the motion with great heartiness. The Rev. JNO SHAW questioned whether the mat- ter treated of in the resolution could properly be dealt with by the Dioceacn Cuuncil duting a vactncy in tbe íes. He preferred therefore to see the resolu- tion postponed. The Rev. Canon WHITE concurred in the remarks of the last speaker. The Rev. W. 8. WILSON followed on the same side. The matter could not properly be considered in the absence of a bishop. Nevertheless, he thanked Mr. Bode for having brought the subject forward. It waa one of the highest importance, as well as one of the greatest difficulty, and had already been partially considered and reported upon by the Diocesan Council. It was essential to do training for the Ministry that the candidates should bav« time for quint study, thought, and devotion, which wa« not bfforded under tbe present system, He moved the following amendment as expressing his view of the way in which the matter cittld be dealt with : That the subject of extending the usefulness of St. Pau.'s College and Moore Col- lege, for tho preparation of candidates for holy orders throughout the dioceses of New South Walts be made a subject of joint reference to the Provincial Synod." The Rev. Canon SELWIN seconded the motion, An objection was taken, on a point of order, that the amendment was beyond the onfinea of the resolution aed could not therefore be put. The FRB BIOKNT ruled that the amendment, iw it a mea at carrying ont, in another way, the object of the re solution was clearly in order. The Rev. 3. 8IMU would vote against the amend- ment Questions referred to the Provincial Synod were qu-itions forgotten- He thought objections to the resolution would be met by omitting the words " or ordinance." Mr. C. BOLTON opposed the resolution. The diocese had neither a bishop nor funds te carry out the objects of tbe resolution. Mr K. W. THOMPSON mov d the omission of the words " or ordinance" from the resolution. The Rev. Mr. BODE accepted this amendment. Tbe Rev. H. S. MILLABD thought the form of the resolution was leas momentous than the discussion of the question. It was a question ns much for the lHity aa tor clergy. There was, in his belief, some dissatisfaction among the laity in regard to the pre- sent training of the clergy. The supply of candi- dates for ordera was very limited in the colonies, and the choice of clergy was one of the gre it difficulties of a bishop's work. Admitting the value of tearing and university training to a clergyman, the trne sanction of any clergyman WAS the grace of the Holy Ghost, as exhibited by hie love, zeal, fitness, and the success of his work. Ciassieal studies, to be of real use should he under- taken in youth. He believed good service had been done by the introduction of the resolution, but con- curred with >s>r. Shew in the opinion that the ehoic» of clergymen was peculiarly the function of tbe Bishop, He hoped the new bishop, when appointed would bring with him a supply of clergymen from home. The Rev. F. D. BODK would alter the reso- lution, so that the subject should be referred or report, not to the Diocesan Council, but to a select committee consisting of the Vicar-Beneral, and the Reva John Shaw, H. S. Millard, W. S. Wilson, S. Simm, Canon Tyrrell, Messrs. Thompson, Sweetland, J. P. Luke, Cotton, J. Wilson, Fred White, and the mover, five to form a quorum. The Rev. W. 8. WILSON withdrew his amendment, Synod consenting. The Rev. JNO. DIXON was sensible of the import- ance of the subject, but thought the reference of it to a select committee was a misUke. That was not the way to expedite work on the question. The Rev. F. D. Bons replied, and the resolution as amended, was carried. ADMINISTRATION OF THE DIOCKSE. Mr. C. BOLTON moved, pro forma, the second read- ing of the draft ordinance to make provision for the administration of the diocese of Newcastle during the absence or incapacity of the Bishop, or during a vacancy in the see thereof. The Rev. JNO SHAW seconded the motion. On the motion ef the Rev. W, S, WILSON, seconded by Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, the second reading was ordered that day six months, and the orignul motion was put and negatived. BABO CHI AL ANS DIO0K8AN FUNDS OBDINANCB. The Rev. F, D. BODB moved-"That the draft ordinance to amend the Parochial and Diocesan Punda Ordinance of 1876 be referred to the Diocesan Council for reconsideration, and such amendments as they may think necessary ; and that the Council be instructed to submit the draft ordinance to Synod at its next session." The motion was Seconded and carried. DBAFT ACT OF INCOBPOBATION OF THB CHUBOH, The Rev. Canon SELWYN moved-" That the Draft Act of Incorporation of the Church to be brought before the Provincial Synod at its approaching session be considered and approved." He told the Synod that an explanation of the one intention of the Draft Act wou'd be found ia the address of the late Bishop to Synod in 1876. Ht pointed out that by the Constitutions, the Provincial Synod was substantially reduced to a nullity, and that it was desirable that it cease to bear that cha- racter, in the interests' of the unity of the church. The Provincial Synod conld now determine no question whatever, unless that question were referred to it jointly by all the Diocetsan Synods of the Pro- vince, and thereforo the procedure and management of one dioceie might differ almost totally from those of another without hope of uniformity. They wanted to obtain power for the Provincial Synod to alter the laws of the Church in accordance with the mind of the Church at larg«. It was alto desirable to incorporate the Church once for all. If the Pro- vincial Synod accepted the Act, it would present it to the Legislature for enactment. He entered fully into an explanation of the Aet. Mr. C. BOLTON seconded the motion. The debate was adjourned till the evening. The Synod also adjourned till the evening at (even o'clock. WEST MAITLAND POLICE COUBT ROBTKB.-The following ii the magisterial roster for next week : Monday, May 12-Messrs. John Lee, James Wolston holme, H. J. Adams, and George Wyndham. Thurs- day , May 15-Messrs. John Bowden, Joseph Pearse, J. J. Riley, and Jas. B. R. Robsrtaon. IMPOUNDED at Musw April, 1879, from gras by M. Lineno, re-advertise appearing : Bay horse, branded PC < fistula, a little whi collar-marked and i If not released, will be June, 1879. 3685 TH03. llbrook, on the 7th of paddock, Muswellbrook, through another bland rer ha o near shoulder, e on both hind fetlocks, dale-marked. [old on the 2nd day of INENE, Poundkeeper. 