TOWN TALK. A Cabinet meeting was held yesterday forenoon, when arrangements were made with respect to the departure of Sir George Bowen, and for the reception of the Margins of Uprmanby. On Thursday afternoon Mr J. D. EobinsoD, the Secretary of the Geelong Racing Club, had an interview with the Commissioner of Railways, and made arrangements for the running of trains to the racecourse on the 30th inst. and 1st February. There will be two special trains to the course on each of the days named, leaving at 9.15 aud 10.45 a.m. The 9.15 train will stop at all stations, but the 10.45 one will go right through to the course from Melbourne. There will be a special return train on each day, starting for Melbourne from the course at 5.30 p.m. The Ballarat sports men will be accommodated with a special train on the 30th inst., starting from Ballarat at 10.30 a.m. It has been arranged that the tickets for the special trains will be issued at Saturday excursion fares, and will be available for return up to the night of the 3rd February. Parties of eight taking their tickets out the day before the races will have compartments in the special trains re served for. them. The ordinary trains from Geelong will commence running at 10.30 a.m. on each of the race days, and the re turn fares are—First class, 3s; second do, 2s. Another accident occurred at the railway crossing on the Queenscliffe road on Thurs day afternoon. A woodcarter was driving a horse attached to a heavy load of firewood, and when passing over the line the horse slipped on the large lumps of metal and fell with its burden, both shafts of thecart being broken and the horse injured. The team of English cricketers captained by Lord Harris left Melbourne yesterday afternoon by train for Sydney. A pedestrian match took place yesterday forenoon, on the Friendly Societies' ground, near Melbourne, between Chas. Banuerman, one of the Australian Eleven cricketers, and Jno. Martin, of Geelong. The distance was 125 yards, the prize being £20. Both men kept well together for 50 yards, when Martin got ahead and won easily, although not in such grand running form as his op ponent. On Tuesday last Bannerman ran Enright, and on Wednesday heran Barnett, of Melbourne, beating both of these pedes trians, and winning the prizes of £20 each. Bannerman proceeded to Sydney by the three o'clock train yesterday afternoon. On Wednesday afternoon a spark from the contractors' locomotive on the Queeuscliffe railway line set fire to a grass paddock near the line at Moolap, and it quickly spread towards the Kensington Ceaetery, The fire raged for several hours, and burnt about 300 acres of grass and many fences formed of acacia hedges. The progress of the flames was arrested before they reached the Ceme tery fence, and the people who gathered from the farms in the imcediate district prevented a small unoccupied house, owned by Mr Dludel], from being consumed. Several residents of Ondit took advantage of the presence of Mr O'Hea, M.L.A. for the district, in thattownshipon Wednesday, to bring under his notice certain grievances of theirs in connection with the local railway station. It appears that the waiting rooms are too small and too-dose to each other, that the stationmaster's lodgings and remu neration are both considered to be totally in adequate to his position; and that the station is built on the south side of the line instead of the north, from wtieoce all the traffic comes, and as there is no other means people are therefore forced to cros3 the rails when ever they wish to gain access to it. Mr O'Hea promised to unfold the "plain, un varnished tale " of them woes to the Minister of Railways, who will, no doubt, give the complaints due consideration. The two-year-old racehorses Caspian and South Hamilton, entered for the Sires' Pro duce Stakes and Barwoa Plate, are at pre sent in excellent fettle at Mr Wilson's St. Albans stables. Among the other horses composing the St. Albaus string which de serve special mention is Savanaka, and, although pretty heavily weighted, consider ing his performances, it is expected that he will make a good show in the Geelong Gold Cup and Handicap. A narrow escape from an accident was experienced by a farmer yesterday morning about nine o'clock. There were a number of farmers with their, horses and vehicles in Ryrie-street, in front of the shop of Messrs Daniels and Best, waiting to unload the pro duce of their land. The hydrant man came up at the time, and in his endeavor to water the street squirted water on the legs of a couple of young horses. Both animals com menced plunging and kicking, having been frightened, and one of them, valued at £40, fell on its haunches, nearly upsetting a heavy load of fruit and potatoes. Tho other nearly jumped over a wagon, and for a time great confusion was caused in the street, but for tunately no damage was done. Ryrie-street at the locality named is curtailed in width by a row of cabs in the centre, and on busy days farmers' vehicles are numerous, leaving very little space between the kerbstone and the cab-rank. When the hydrant men ap pear the scene becomes animated, like it was yesterday morning. The remedy is an easy one. Let the street be watered at an earlier hour in the moruiog, and the cab-stand shifted to the east of Moorabool-street. We learn that with very praiseworthy promptitude the Victorian Fire Iuaurance Company have paid Mr Mulligan the sum of £167, for which was insured the property consumed by fire on Monday last. Two boys were brought before the Police Court yesterday oq a charge of having broken a lamp in Pakington-street. They had been throwing at the crossbar of the lamp-post, and having aimed too high, John Lynch put a stone through the lamp glass, for which offence his mother will have to pay js 6d. The other boy, who threw a stone, but failed to hit the lamp, was let off with a cautiou. So many street lamps having been broken in a similar manner lately, steps have been taken by the police to make the offenders pay for the damage. For some time past the captain of the Olivia Davis has beeu greatly annoyed when in port by one of his sailors, named Edward Woods, frequently absenting himself from the vessel without leave. When sent on au errand up town Woods, instead of perform ing the work in a quarter of an hour, gene rally managed to keep ashore for four-aud twenty hours, proving himself to bo any thing but a "smart boy." Woods overdid the thing on \t eiinesday, and the captain thought that there was too much sameness about the joke. Woods was sent to the railway pier for some article to be used on board tho barque, hut he took from Wednes day morning until Thursday afternoon to travel from the Yarra-street wharf to the railway pier and back again. Yesterd forenoon ho was brought before the Mag trates at the Police Court and sentenced seven days imprisonment, and an order w made to allow the captain to stop two da' pay off Woods' cheque. The yearlings by King of the Ring, to offered for sale next Friday at the 5 Albans stables, are looking remarkably .we and during the past week a number of i tending buyers have inspected the aoinia Perhaps the best yearling to be seen at t stables is a bay filly, own sister to Sou Hamilton, one of the Musidora stock. T1 filly is low and lengthy, without beii "leggy," and his plenty of quality. T next best filly js 0no of the Miss Jess Btocfe, and the pretty animal ia - Iota of fanciers. The third filly worth ^ ; special mention is out of Rescue and • * ; great improvement on her sister Athen "'r The extraordinary way in which persons quarrel with each other was sh in a case brought under the notice 0f°n magistrates at the Court-house yesterd - Ouo woman, named Guy, summoned at named Leitcb, for having wilfully br, pane of glass in the window of her The parties were neighbors, and lived una the same roof, a partition wall made of,) , wood separating the one from the oth " Mrs Guy, when conversing with Mr Lnii H - - - remarked to the latter that "befm t' married his present wife he was a tel. " able man." Whether Mr Leitch took h* ' a compliment or not, did not transpire the observation was sufficient to cause'if -- Leitch to rush into the breach, and ra,V i' Mrs Guy's window, urgently request?^®" petition of the remark. Mrs Guy's con forsook her, and she declined, but en?'"'! ' vored to push the window down on a stalwart arm of Mrs Leitch, and the nl was broken. Under the circumstances £ Bench dismissed the case. *ltH In our issue of the 11th iust., ia»D. , graph referring to the connubial differen^ °f CerfS' of Waurn Bonds, it stated that on one occasion the neiehlwy : were attracted to Le Cerf's honse bvS cries, and that " Le Cerf was havL ' quarrel with his wife, who, as is the won some women of a certain class on Buchelu sions, screamed out 'Murder.'" Wet received a communication complaining the words "women of a certain class" t ' be interpreted to the prejudice of Mrjty Ceif. Lest it should be so, we may ^ that the more correct word to have ?■ ployed to convey the meaning of the writ ' :■ 'F "c°aM^,aVe be6n "temperament" insteidjf * A little boy, named William Bain w about nine years, was fined 2s Gd, withla damages, in default three days' imnriJf rnent, at the Ballarat Town Police Co«^ Thursday, for throwing a stone at theaffe °°°n„,turaln from Melbourne to BallaiaU the 6th instant, while it was.jasaiug JZ F the Victoria-street arch, whereby a wind. in the guard's van was broken, and a J? seuger a head cut by the broken glass We are requested by the Sheriff'to* mind Secretaries of Shires, Town etc m the Geelong Jnry District that fe ^ 15th section of the Juries Statute 1876 ii' - Victoria No. 5G0, imposes on them'fe duty of forwarding to the Sheriff on orb. fore the 1st day of January in every year,, perfect and certified copy of the citita burgess, or rate roll then in force Shareholders will bo glad to learn thai the net profits of the last half- year's ton *Ct'°°°°J tbe B^arat Woollen Mili ar^! to £1692 12s Sd. A fire occurred at Edinburgh, South Australia, on the 12th inst., on the 2 miaes of AlrG. Molheatien, teacher L farmer, by which a large shed, a reape, three calves harness, carpenter's bench and tools, and farming implements were det troyed. Mr Molheatien's son, 19 yeared age, was dangerously burnt about the le-. and arras. 6 A young woman named EUen Kinane., £ resident of Ashby, fell off a fence yestel *' and severely contused one of her shonlden ' which caused her attendance at the Hosmtil. : There will probably be a contest forth) ~ Tacant seat for the Beeao Riding, Coke '' Shire, caused by the retirement of Ik Michael Howe. Mr James Hills has notified :" his intention to stand, and Mr C. Benin freely mentioned as a probable candidate Mr Wallace, M.L.C., has forwarded. . cheque for ±50 towards the fund now hair raised to relieve the sufferers by the recai terrible hurricane at Chiltern.' There was a fair attendance of memheij < , at the weekly meeting of the Catholic " ? Xoung Men's Association held last era 1US- Bhe principal business was tie dis- ' ; cussion of the question—'"Should actio? ; V; for breach of promise of marriage h abolished?" Mr W. M'Donald opened in the affirmative, and made out a good case for the abolition of the objec tionable proceedings. Mr R. Bourke, ca ,1 the contrary, championed the cams ci Fs the fair sex, and brought forward cogenf ® arguments to prove that such actions should ,1 not be done away with. A rather interest- J ing debate ensued, and, on the question : being^ put to the vote, it was decided in the negative by a small majority. At next -k meeting an essay on the "Fall of Poland" Wl1' ob read by Mr R. Clanchy. Major Couchman has reported that the F people ■ of Sandhurst use 90 gallons of wata per head each day, whilst the consumption ' m Melbourne is only 52 gallons per day. On Wednesday afternoon a fire occurred in the right fonr-gun battery at Williams town. The flames travelled with consider able rapidity over the long grass in the neigh borhood, and before they were subdued a portion of the fencing was burnt, and fin door of an ammunition store partly destroyed. It is now two months since we (Star) hare \ had to record the.filing of any insolvent schedules in Ballarat, save one showing Ii* t£' bilities considerably under £100. Whether % this state of things arises from the fact fist Jy people have less money to speculate and 1® lose, or that business matters are improving fii here, we leave our readers to judge for them] selves. fS Threshing is being vigorously pushed for- fji ward by the farmers in the Lancefield an! p surrounding districts (says the ExamimA fSJ the weather being advantageous to the rapid tjj progress of the work. Exceedingly low re suits are being obtained. For want of rah J the potato and chicory crops are suffering - greatly, and if the element does not coo! ,yi soon and in quantity a total failure in these £i respects will be the outcome. > Referring to the delays incidental to the , despatch, of Government business, the fid' larat Star says that twelve months agoaoffi' of the people living about Mount Doraa wished a certain deviation in a road there to make it more easily passable—and the Council undertook to see the thing done. Fee3 were paid to the department, which ar ranged for the survey, but never from that : time till now has the Government carried out the work, and the Buninyong Shire ^ Council has determined to make another ap peal for the survey to be effected. Prayers for rain (remarks the Battenit |* Star), if not ascending from high altars, are, at least, escaping daily from the lips of our &: district fai mers and graziers. The continued hot, dry weather, with a baking atmosphere, ^ is telling disastrously ; all ronnd the country side grass is burnt up, fencing is taking fire, || and water is giving out. Farmers look and feel melancholy, and, generally speaking, g the summer of 1S79 ushers in a wide-spread ir bucolic growl.' The Cluncs Guardian regrets to annonuca that rnmors of an unpleasant character hats been afloat during the past three days, re- 1 specting a certain mining speculator and ; legal manager of some of tho local claims, in the direotion of embezzlement The person referred to has cleared out, and his office was broken into on Tuesday, and the books removed by some of the director* interested. At present the books are in the • hands of the auditors, and tho amount of tho deficiencies is not yet known, A fire broke out on the Colac Common near Mr John Soley's farm on Wednesday : morning. The fire originated (says the , Herald) in consequence of some stump being left burning by two men who camped : ■ there the previous night, and when the wind began to rise it freshened up and catching j: the long dry grass spread rapidly. It *" jy not subdued until some sixty or soventy ■ acres of grass were destroyed. A fire broks v?, out in Mr Bell's paddock on Wednesday, bu' not mnch damage was done. On the same ^ morning 300 acres of splendid grass land at Smeaton were destroyed by a bush fire. The Daily Telegraph writes:—"The cricket world of Melbourne will be gratified to hear that the premier batsman of the Ans. tralian Eleven and of Australia is going to remain here. We understand that the M.C.C. has engaged Charles Bannermanfor two years as a coach for its players. He will go to Sydney to play against the English Eleven there, hut will immediately return to Melbourne, where Lord Harris1 team will again find him opposed to them. It is possible, also, that Alex. Bannerman will join one of the metropolitan clubs, as the family is likely to settle in Melbourne." Mr S. S. Farnell, late Superintendent of Police in charge of the Geelong district, has been reinstated in the service, and is to be stationed in the Xorth-eastera district, his head-quarters being' at Wangaratta. He arrived on Tuesday, and will at once enter upon the discharge of his duties. We (0. and 21. advertiser) have not heard whether or not Mr Superintendent Sadleir is to re main in Benalla ; but, in any event, he is Mr Eurnell's junior, so we presume the latter will have charge of the district. Superin tendent Farnell is one of the oldest officers i in the force, and ranks, we believe, next to Superintendent Winch. He is a capable and experienced officer, and one particularly fit ted for the present emergency. The short-sighted policy of over-working the willing horse was exemplified in Ararat on Wednesday evening when a driver lost his horse by overtaxing its powers. The poor beast (says the Advertiser) was driven over fifty miles with a heavy load, and on the following day, after accomplishing about 15 more, it gave unmistakable signs of suc cumbing, and it was unharnessed and led a distance of six miles to Ararat. On its arrival it wa3 taken to Mr M'Coy's yards, j hut died shortly afterwards. •! A correspondent in the Argus suggests i the following romance of the sea:—"The ship Loch Ard was lo3b near Belfast, on the Victorian coast, and the sole survivors were Miss Carmichael and Tom Pearce, whose romantic story is well known. After a time the lady returned to her friends in Belfast, Ireland, and Pearce joined another vessel, the Loch Sunart, which haw just been re ported a total wreck near Belfast, on the Irish coast." The correspondent is not sure how his romance will wind up. An amusing incident took, place about' four o'clock on Thursday afternoon at the offices of the Norwich Union Fire Assurance Society, in Qneen-street, Melbonrne.: A cow which was being driven down the street suddenly took fright, aad sought shelter in the Society's offices. The staff (writes the Argus) were some what surprised at the unexpected, ap pearance of this novel applicant for insur ance, which quietly walked up to the manager's private room, to the great amuse ment of the crowd which immediately col lected outside. After a great deal of coax ing and driving, the cow was at last dis lodged, and business, which had naturally been temporarily suspended, was resumed. The Argus correspondent at Mansfield writes on'-Thursday :—I have since learnt, in reference to .the recent j arrests of the sup posed confederates of the Kelly gang, that .Robert Miller was j taken more for the pur pose of getting a better watch on the move ments of his daughter, who • is said to be rendering greater aid to the outlaws than any other person. She has been known to start off from the house on horseback, fre quently at night time, with provisions, and return just after daybreak on the following morning. She is said to be a most daring horsewoman, and can leap a fence in grand style. It is reported that she has said if she had been a man she wonld have joined the gang long before this.. She has so far evaded the police. The Colac Herald records the following instance of "smartness":—Some time ago Mr George Hills was commissioned by the Colac Shire Council to purchase a ball for the Birregurra Common at a cost of £5. In the mean tame the Colac Common hull was complained of for having committed certain vagaries, by James Slater, and the Conncil decided to sell him. The sale not being advertised through some oversight, there was hardly anybody attended, and Mr Geo. Hills purchased him for five shillings. On "Wednesday last Mr G. Hills wrote to the Council, stating that he had fulfilled his . commission and had. obtained a hull, which the Council could have for the specified, sum, £5. The offer was accepted withont enquiry at all about the bull's antecedents,, and the Council has been "had" in as clever a way as has ever beentheard of with regard to the bnsiness transactions of a pub lic body. "The course of true love never did run smoothstill the difficulties are not always insurmountable. Ample illustration is afforded of this by an elopement case which is stated to have occurred at Back Creek on Wednesday last. It was the old, old story (writes the Bcndigo Advertiser). There were the two hearts that wanted to beat as one, - but couldn't, by reason of the objections urged against the proceeding by the nnromantic parents, and so resort was had to strategy. The midday train went off to Melbourne as usual on Wednesday, and the elopement was managed. The pair of lovers halted at Castlemaine, and the knot was tied ere the faintest glimmer of suspicion dawned on the minds of the maiden's friends. A girl named Mary Isabella "Usher, aged 16 years, was brought before the Ararat Bench on Thursday, charged with stealing horse, saddle, and bridle, the property of James Patterson, of Middle Creek, on the I4th instant. Mr Patterson, the herdsman, reported his loss to the constable stationed at Mount Cole, and on the 15th the girl was arrested. The girl resides at Mount Cole, and her statement was to the effect that she had taken the horse to ride over to see her parents, who now live at Noah's Ark, and that when detected she was merely return ing it to the proper owner. The girl was re manded to the 21st inst., bnt it is not at all improbable (says the Advertiser) that she will be proceeded against only on the minor charge of illegally using a horse. Mr D'Arcy Head, whose gho3t illusions have become so popular throughout the colonies, sustained a serious loss on Thurs day evening (reports the Ballarat Courier) by the destruction of a large sheet of glass ueces sary to the production of his phantom visi tors. The case containing the glass, which weighed about loewt., having arrived at the rear of the Academy of Music last evening, was being hoisted from the lorry to the door at the back of the stage when the tackling gave way. and the glass fell about 20 feet to the ground, and of course it was shivered to atoms. About 20 men were engaged at the time in raising the case, but fortunately Mr Head warned them to stand from under only a moment before tl'd fall, otherwise personal injury, and pro bably loss of life, would have occurred. The Rev. George Tait will conduct the ser vices at the Eyrie-street Presbyterian Church to-morrow. The fortnightly lecture on " Scripture Characters" will be delivered in the High Church to-morrow evening by the Rev. T. M'K.Fraser. A special general meeting of the St. Mary's Total Abstinence Benefit Society will be held at eight o'clock on Monday evening. The half-yearly meeting of the Geelong Gas Company .will be held on Monday, 3rd Feb ruary, at 4 p.m. The annual meeting of the Geelong and "Western .District St. Patrick's Society will be held on Tuesday evening, at half-past seven o'clock. An entertainment entitled " I)'Arcy Bead's Ghosts" will be given in Geelong shortly. Mrs Moore s music and singing classes will resume duties on the 23rd inpfc. , Some cannibals prefer human fat to any thlDff else for rnnlc'— rrL - - - — live on the Isle of Man. —iV. 0, Times, 