IN THE BARBER'S SHOP. Br FIGARO. "I have gathered a posie of other men's flower, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own.'"-MornnTe?B. I? HAVE heard a good deal spoken in praise of the monthly concerts given at the Blind Asylum. Indeed, some of my Iady friends have become quite enthusi astic over them. They declare they get quite as much enjoyment attending one of these as going to a high-class concert. There is this further recommendation of these entertainments,-that from those already given some £50 have been realised for the fund of the Asylum. I believe the credit of "inventing" these concerts is due to Mr. Moss, and I should think he must feel well eatisfied with the success that has attended them. This month, however, a change is to be made. The " concert" will be superseded by a "de monstration" in the Melbourne Town-hall. You'li find particulars anent this in an advertisement elsewhere. I've been re quested to put in my posie a recommenda tory flower about it. Well, "Barkis is willin';" but cui bono ? For to advise you, my readers, to attend, so that there may be a full hall, is perfectly superero gatory. That is a condition which is sure to be fulfilled. What, then, can I say likely to be of any practical good? I have it: that as admission is to be free, you will one and all put such a liberal donation in the plate as will convince the manage ment they did well in relying wholly on the voluntary principle. I need hardly remind you that of somewhat similar gatherings I've more than once demon strated that the sum collected, averaged by the number who attended, showed a very paltry amount per head. I trust that next week I shall have to report more pleasantly as regards the liberality of those who will attend this demonstration. I submit that the calculation I shall then make ought to show at the very least an average of sixpence per head. Anything under that I shall consider " shabby." Quite right, Mr. Dixon, you did well to vigorously protest against being "dra gooned" by your political chief into making a uarty question of every subject which crops up for consideration. Your assertion of some degree of independence-your claim for some liberty of action-your wish to be allowed now and then to follow out the dictates of conscience-your de termination not to degenerate into a mere party hack, have raised you many notches in the esteem of some whose politics are not as your politics. There are political problems about the right way of solving which I fear you and I will never agree. But we are none the worse friends on that account. Spo it affords me all the more pleasure to assure you that in this matter myself and customers-with a very few exceptions--approve your spirited action. If a few more of your fellow.members would be equally cutspoken, Mr. Berry would, I feel confident, see the necessity of changing his tactics. He and his fellow Ministers have got too much into the habit of looking upon their followers as "being there to vote, not to argue." Mr. Dow ignominiously stultified himself at the Dictator's bidding, but I rejoice you showed yourself to be made of sterner stuff. No doubt you'll be made to suffer for your temerity. Don't mind that. Your loss Loe way will be more than counterbalanced by your gain in another. For one sup porter who will fall away because of your cdependence, I believe you'll secure, at east half-a-dozen from those who have hitherto looked askance upon you. I thank my lucky stars I wasn't asked to sign the requisition to Mr. Chapman beseeching him to come forward as a candidate for a seat in the Prahran City Council. Not that I've anything to say against that gentleman, but because I've thereby escaped being dubbed "Esq." I was struck all of a heap when I looked down that list of signatures. I'd no idea before there were half so many " Esqs." in our good city! As I and my customers went through the lot on Saturday evening, we again and again roared with laughter. There were names of people there whom we had never thought of addressing more respectfully than as "Dick," "Tom," or ' Harry." Which shows how true it is that the world doesn't know all its great men. We asked each other, " Surely these didn't sign themselves thus P" If they didn't, how came they to be so trans mogrified? Surely some one must be .to blame for thus adding dignity to many modest citizens who would never have assumed such honour themselves. I notice that this titular affix was omitted in the case of firms, and where a man de scribed himself as "jun." Why ? To'have been consistent, it ought to have been " Smith and Brown, Esqs.," and " Tomkins, jun., Esq." And then, to complete the joke-for a joke it must have been-why didn't the copying scribe attach " Es quiress " to the signatures of females ? Clearly, they are as much entitled, to honorary mention as the sterner sex. That last is a good hint for other intending candidates. The success with which a portion of St. Kilda was lately amalgamated with Emerald-hill has set some of the residents in tlo eastern part of Sandridgo on the qit.ive. i .They, want .to be " annexed" to the "model municipality 'l-as Hillites are fond of designating their town.. I would advise the Sandridge malcontents to pause, at. least until they can learn whether the West Beachers are satisfied that in jump ng i out of the frying-pan they haven't fallen into.the fire. It's not all gold that glitters, you know; and it's on the cards that the glowing expectations of our :eceders may yet turn out to be Dead Sea apples. . Ai' English judge (Baron Huddleston) loesn't seem to have a very high opinion f thi sex. In addressing a jury lately in a ..perjury case the learned Baron is reported to have said it was a well-known fact that a woman told a lie bett6erthan a man did. It was a remarkable circum. stance that when a woman was determined to By t 4 ich was unsue, Bhe did it a ea al dtteor tlan a ma'. Whether it was that a man felt his dignity more was a netaphysical qestiior he could not, go into, but it was certain that a woman did tell a story much more logically and perseveringly than a man could. He was gad that it was a question for the jury to say whether the girl should be believed, for he himself admitted his incapacity to gauge the veracity of a witness, especially a female witness, when she appeared in the box. If Baron Huddleston is a married man, I should like to know what his better half thinks of that opinion. A. varieties manager in the old country advertises the engagement of some Zulu warriors. In making this known be says "he has visited the Zt.iJu troupe several times since they arrived in this country, and he can assure his patrons and the publie that there is not the slightest deception; any one acquainted with the Zulu language may interrogate the chief or any of the tribe." If the deception, sup posing there is any, can only be found out in the way this crafty manager suggests, I fancy it will go along time undiscovered, for the Zulu language, I suspect, is a lingo known to few, but those who "are native and to the manner born." The quick flight of time occasionally presents itself to one's notice under cir cumstances which show how rapidly the years pass away. This occurred to inyself on Thursday last. On that day I read a report of a meeting held in Melbourne to arrange for a proper celebration of the Raikes Centenary next year. Instantly my mind reverted to a distinctly-remem bered incident of 50 years ago, making me feel how old I'm getting. But before I go any further it will be well to explain what is meant by the Raikes Centenary, as some of my younger readers may be ignorant on thant point. Robert Raikes, a worthy Quaker who resided in Gloucester, England, is universally acknowledged as the founder of Sunday Schools; and next year will be the hundredth anniversary of the one he startedin his native city. Were it possible for Raikes' ghost to "revisit the glimpses of the moon," how surprised it would be, I fancy, at the immense exten sion of a then apparently insignificant plan. WVell, the proposal I've referred to sent my thoughts, as I've said, at a bound over the distance which divides Victoria from England, and over a space of time close upon fifty years. I remember clearly how then and there I took part in the R?aikes Centenary. The event of that time which remains most distinctly on my memory was the singing of a hymn by some thousands of children in honor of the occasion, these two lines of which only can I recall "'Tis now fifty years since these schools were began, Bince Raikes introduced his benevolent plan." I think the gentlemen who are organising for the centenary celebration might do worse than hunt up that hymn, and have it sung here next year. 