'i&tibtM.; A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of 'Tho Hidden Hand,' 'Tho Desortod Wifo,' ' Solf-IIado,' &c;, &o.; ? » ? - CHAPTER XXVIII. ' LADY ARIEIiLls's' SUITOR. Hia faoe ia dark, but vory quiet s It soecas lilto looking down tho dusky mout li Of a great cannon. — Sterling. The Earl of Altofaire, now over eighty fivo years of uge, was failing very fast. A vigorous old gentleman up to tho time fit' llis \Vlfp*H lflRf. illnnaa. lio linrl i-nni^lv deolined from the day of her departuro to tho fuller life. It was with the old carl aud countess as with many another aged couple who havo lived along united lit'o — tho going of one meant the going of the other. How I dislike that word death as applied to human beings, for whom there is no death, not au instant's interruption to the eternal lifo ! But since wo havo no other word for this 'orderly stop in life,' we must use it, though under protestation. Tho earl was failing fast ; ho foresaw the great change at no distant day ; and this foreknowledge, while it cheered him with the hopo of a spoody reunion with tho loved ?companion of his earthly pilgrimago, trou bled him with anxiety for tho future of his granddaughter, Arielle, who would be left .youthful, inexperienced, unprotected, and exposed to tho machinations of fortuuo hunters. _ He thought if ho could only see her mar ried to somo worthy gentleman ho could ' depart in peace.' . Valdimir .Despardo had boon the man of Ids first choice. But Valdimir had aban doned his bride and nearly broken her heart, and was now at the antipodes. And al though his friends still had faith in the fugitive bridegroom, and thought his strango conduct the result of sorun grovious misapprehension that could bo explainod in a personal interview, if only they could find him, and although the earl himself, 'from hiB long and intimate knowlodgo of young Despardo, was disposed to talco tho «amo viow of tho case, yet he was doubtful of tho issue, and he waitod in painful sus pense to hoirjxoni Lord Bo audevere, who had sailed for New York in quest of his young cousin and lioir. Auoiher souios of auxioty was the prosont oondition of Atielle, whose health and 'Strength continued to waste. aud wane. She ;was losing oveu hor bounty. She was flesh iless and colourless; in the plain language of *he oouutry people/ nhe was ' naught but ?skin and bone.' She glided about tho ihoune like a spirit, always patient, ofton smiling, though with a smilo that was sadder tthan tears. There were times when tho oarl thought th«t he should see his last dosoondant depart before him. At length carao a letter, post-marked Now York. It was from the bsron, of course ; and it solved, or seemed to polvo, tho whole problem for tho earl. We will not qnote tho wholo of this letter. One eigniQoant paragraph will be suffioiont. ' It booomos my painful duty,' wrote the .baron, ' to tell yon the whole truth oouaarn ing Mr. Desparde. I owe this to you aud to jonr granddaughter. I did not tell yon the wholo of tho communication that I rooeived from the deteotive, and tbat ooonBionod my voyage to this oity. I did not tell you the worst, because I did not believe tho worst, and I wished to disprove it on my arrival hero j but to my grief and humiliation, I have not been able to do so ; on tho oonlrary, my disooverios have oorroboratod the worst purt of the report made to me by the agent, and also, prove your own just theory of the flight of Desparde. You roineinbor you sua peotedthat the youth had been inveigled into . pome low love affair of whiuh ho was ashamod, and with tho exposure, of whioh ho was threatoned. And now enoh seoin to bo the foots. ' He landed in this oily, having with him a young woman and infant boy, who soemed to bo, and ought to have been, his wifo and Child. Thoy went togethor towards the South. ' 'Thatisall. ' I shall follow Despardo no farther. ' Ho bus sown' the wind and must roap the ?whirlwind.' ' 'Valdimir, nevor was intentionally wicked, but he has been weak, and nnwt bo miserable. I hopo that Lady Ariolle will soon forgot tho existence of one . ao overy way unworthy of her. ' As for mo, I must devoto myself to the ?caro of his unhappy young sister, upon whom this b}ow h.aq fa\\\Qa with onwjl severity. Wo return by an parly steamer. No words oan express my sorrow for this occurrence j but pray do not. lot it nffeot tho friendly intercourse of such old noigh bours as ourselves.' . : When Lord Altofnire had finished reading this lotter he sat bnolc In his chair, groaning : and sighing at intervals. He was more grieved than surprised at what ho had learned, for under all his hopes ho had bad a latent suspicion that Valdimir had been,' to use his own charitablo phrase, 'very weak.' And now a difficult and dangorous task was before him — to convince^ his grand daughtor that tho lover whom sho had known and lovod from childhood, who had boon her betrothed husband, in whom she had trusted in deBpito of appearances, .for wham sho hoped even against hope, who utterly unworthy of her whom ho had deceived as well as forsaken, and was forever unattainable and irreclaimable, 88 the partner of a discreditable con nection. How would this oxtinotion of all her' hopes affect' ArielloP It would prostrate her— it might kill ha\ This was why tho old earl groaned and sighed as ho lay baok in his chair. And how should he tell the story P In what words should ho clothe the miserable truth P At this question a feeling of hot indigna tion swept over tho old man, not only that Valdimir DeBpardo bad behavod basely, but that he bad himself, Guiou Monljoie, as pure a gentleman as over drew tho breath o{ lifo, should be compelled to offend the delicate our of his granddaughter with a tale of ' tbo evil that is in the world'— evil that should never be brought to hor know ledge. \Yhilo he waa inwardly raging over his position the door opened noiselessly and Ariellu entered. She never left her grandfather to himself very long. She watohed over his deolining lifo with as muoh devotion as ho, on his part, observed her failing strength. ' . Iu a inaiunt she saw the letter in his band, and the trouble on his brow. ' You have some unpleasant news, I fear,' Bbe Biiid in a gentlo voioo, ob sho came to his side and put hor hand caressingly around his neck. He lifted his eyes and looked at hor. She was wearing very deep mourning for her grandmother. Not a speok of whito was visible in all her dress ; even her pale yollow hair was gathered up under a fine, thin, blaok silk not; audher little whito face, with its largo, blue, hollow eyes, looked ghostly in oontraBt to tbo blackness of her suit. . j 'My darling, job. I have yory unpleasant uewo, that I hate, and fear to tell you,' said the curl, iu a touo of eo mneh diBtroBB that Ariello gently dre.v the letter froinliis fingers and looked at tho postmark. ' New York,' sho said, as sho roturnod it to htm. ' Yee, dear — Ntvw York ; and it brings the most painful tidings of— of — ' The voioe of the earl broko duwa and he covered his faoe with his band. ? ' I know, I lsnow, dear grandpa ; I havo known all that you oould tell me for moro than a month punt; so do not distress your self, dear grandpa, and do not ii- ar for me. I oan bear it,' said Ariello, in a tender voice and with the oitlmnoss that eettled despair gives, aa slio sat down on his knees and put both arm3 around his neok. Ho uuoovered bis eyes and lookod at her in 11 mild surprise and inoredulity. ' Do you know to what I allude, my child ? It seems to mn you cannot know,' ho said. 'I know that Vuldimir DoBpardo is lost to us forever. I know ihat ho is married. I have known it for moro than a month ,'. oho repeated' 'And you tako it so quietly ? That is right, my bravo girl 1 Thanks bo to. Heaven !' said tho earl, with a deep sigh of relief. Ariollo lifted his venorable hand to her lips, but nindo no other reply. 11 How did you obtain the knowledge of these facts, that have been hidden from me so long?' inquired the earl, after a eilenos of a few lnomentB. ' Just before weloft Skol — yes ! by the very same mull that brought tho doteotive's letter to Lord Beaudovcro and gave ub tho joyful, deceptive news of — Mr. — Dospardo's eafo arrival iu New York, and caused the baton to tniike that sudden voyage in pursuit of him — by thut very same mail, I say, I received a letter from Aspirita Coyle. But in the excitemont of bearing news of — of 7nwi,.tho bustle of seeing our friends oil, I put her letter in my pocket and forgot all about it for Bovoral days, not dreaming that there was anything of importauoo in it; afterwards, whon I pulled it out in drawing out my. handkerchief, I opunod and road it. It inclosed a lettor whioh Aspirita said eho fo!t it hor duty to bend mo — a lotter from — him — Vuldimir — to her brothor, explaining the vauso of his sudden flight — ttonfosBiug— his- — Ob, grandpa 1 grandpa 1 Let us say no more about it !' exclaimed Ariello, breaking of! in great agitation, which eho vainly attempted to control. \ ' I understand, my dear ; I quite under sland,' aaicl tho oar), laying his uand on her bowed head. ' And you kept all this, to yourself.'' 'And 1 should havo still kept it to myself had not Lord Boaudovero disoovered tho faots and revouled thorn to you as he has done in tbat letter, I presume.' 'Yes, my dear; but why should you have lecked such a suorot in your own bosom, and lot it proy upon yonr peace of mind and honlth of body as it has done ?' ' Oh, graudpa, I hardly know ! I never thought why I did it ; but I suppose from many reasons — from a disliko to add a grain to tho burden of your sorrows, and — aud — from reluotanoe to oxposo — him. Oh ! grand papa, lot us try to forget all about it now, and lot us not chorish any feolings of resent ment. No, I know you will not, dear. Forgivo mo that I mentioned it. Lot ub live for c.ach other, dear grandpa, and for the poor and suffering around us. And do not fear for mo. I shall come right iu timo,' said Ariolle, now struggling successfully to conquer hor own omotions. 'Thauks, my good and brave girl !' said tho old gentleman, pressing a kiss upon hor brow. From this day forth the uamo of Valdimir BoRpurdo was never mentionod at Castlo Montjoio. Tho aged oarl and his young gmuddaughtor grow moro and more togother until thoy becamo almost. insoparablo compnnions. Thoy went out a great doal among their tenantry, but had very fow oallors at tho CaBtlo. ; Dr. Bonuott mado regular professional visits. Occasionally a Catholic clergyman stopped for a day or two at tho houso. But that waa all, until ouo day in Ootobor, as tho oarl and his grandohild woro . sitting iu thoir morning-room — tho oarl reading the Times, tho girl engaged in finishing a pieco of silk flower ombroidory that had been com menced by hor graudmothor — a sorvaut entered, bringing a oard. ' Mn. Biiandon Ooyhj. Show tho goutloman into tho drawing room, and say that wo will bo down ini modiatoly,' said the old oarl, with a look of pleasure such as had not brightenod his countounnco for many months. Ariollo siuilod to see it. ''Wo will receivo this young gentloman, my dear, and detain him to dinner, He is a very worthy young man indeed. Norio mqro so. Few as muoh so, in these days. I am glad ho has oallod. Vory glad.' OHAPTEB XXIX. i : DniPTJNa TO DOOM. ?' \ ' ... What had bud dona? ' . To soo hor youth, her beauty ami lirr love No floonor gained, but sllgutod and betrayed, . And liko a rose, Just gathered from thestnlk, : But only smelt, lhcn ohuaply thrown aside; i To wilhor on tho ground. — Dhtden.1 Brandon Ootm possessed no power of lov ing purely or lastingly. He hail Inheritor! from his auoestty a selfish, ^passionate and impetuous nature-. ??;, [ ; .' ' Ho, a very dark brunette,, had { been nt traoted to the fair blonde, Ariollo, as to his opposite— his complement. Ho had fallon in ' lovo' with her olcar; opalico oomploxion, her light, golden- huod hair, her soft blue eyes, and her petite and graceful form, with all tho externals of her personality, not with tho girl herself. Ho called this inclination love, beoauBe he knew nothing at all of what lovo roally is. Thus hie passion for'Ariollo proved to be as short-livod as it was furionB and impotu oue. He had only to see the maiden's beauty wane under the influenoo of sorrow and illnesa to feel his ardour cool towards. hor, and ho had only 'to meot apother' young woman in whose person the external attrap tions of Ariolle wero^intenaiflod, enlarged,' and aoarsoly exaggerated, to fall into an in fatnation oven, if poBBiblo, more aggravated than that of his frenzy for Aiiollo. And 9uoh a Venus ho had found in the lowest ranks ol life in ChriBtelle Ken, qnr ' Missing Link,' He did not oaro lor her rudeness, lior ignorance, her poverty or her low birth, because he never meant to marry her ; but ' lie worshipped hor superb form, wnioh, com pared to Arielle's, was ' as Juno's to ia sylph's, and her brilliant' complexion of lumask rose owl snow- white lily, her brigljt japphire blue.eyeB, and hor golden red hair. Kit was his very ideal — no 1 not his ideal, for lie had no idoaB— but Kit was, to bis eyes, the irery masterpiece of nature — the perfeotion of female beauty ; and bo he pursued the poor, landsotho simpleton as remorselessly r's ;he wild beast pursues its prey. But all the mme he meant to marry Lady Ariolle VIontjoie, . The daughter of au hundred earls, ;he wealthiest herioas ia tbe north, and a prospective oountess in hor own right. Thorefore, aB soon as etiquette permittod lim to do so, he drove ovor to Oastle Mont oie to call on the aged nobleman, and was jordially reooivod, as wo have rolutod in the .ast ohapter, . But when he saw what ravages even the last few days had made in the fragile lorin and faoo of Ariolle, his indifference towards her was auooeeiled by a feeling of ibaolutu repulsion. What pusBiblo charm oould this whito jkeleton, this oobweb form, this mere trans parent ohryBalis of a woman, have for him who bad seen the glorious Kit ? : He required all his powers ol duplioity 3ven to be friendly with his young- neigh Dour. Hu declined the earl's cordial invitation to iinuer, on the plea ol a previous ongage ment — whioh did not exist — and alter a short visit he took leave, politely accepting the old nobleman's invitation to ctimo as often as he lould inuke it convenient to do so. ' Ujih 1' he said to liimsolf, with a shudder, ia he mounted into his dog-cart, and started his horse. ' She giveB me a chill ! She makts mo think of nothing hut death and the grave I ' How inorediblo it^seema to me now I ha Dnly a fow months ago 1 was so madly in lovo with that girl that I wan ready to blow my own brains out at the proepeot of loBing her, and soliemcd to marry her then evou moro lor love than for interest or advanoe mont ; though I was not suoh an idiot as not to think of them even then. To have beon bo madly in love with her ! She an object of lovo 1 ' But then sho had not fallon away to mere skin and bone, nor had I seen the grand Christollel S/ic an object of lovo, indeod 1 Why, oho inspires thoughts of death — not ol marriage I I must muiry hor, though, for all that. ' But, really, I muBt^radually get uaed to Booing her. I oould. notetay longer in hor presence to-day. Sho and tho old man fill me with a eort 'of fear aud horror. They make mo think of my latter end— me, who have not the comfort ol belief in any here after 1 But I must try to stay a little longer the next time I go to boo them. It was the shook of eooing her that upset me so this time. I shall be moro self-possosBod in future. ' Ah, it is evident that I am all right with tho earl 1 I have only to sail iu and win 1 If ovor a girl was flung headlong at a man by her rotations, that girl is flung at mo. 'Well, I have uo objeotion. She is la countess, or she will bo a countess in her own light, with a large ostato ; and I happen1 to; know that sho is blameless in tho mysterious affair of her brokon-off marriage ; but it is not ovcry man that would marry a living skeleton with questionable antecedents, oven if she is to bo a ' oouritoau, and. bo forth. Hullo ! Hold up, Snap 1 Don't 'break my ueok down this stoop, whilo I am building oastles in the air 1' This last to his horse.; alter wbioh lie ocasod dreaming for- tho time being, and. care fully guided the animal down tho dangerous mountain' eide..' ? . . ' i From thiB day tlie .visits of Brandon Coyle] to Oastlo Mouljuio^, beoame more frequent. He was always warmly weloomod, by the ol|dj earl and civilly treated by tho young lady, i , Poor Ariello, overwhelmed in despair by^ her past, was perfectly indifferent as to her future. Her ono only caro in lifo was to please her aged grandfather. Whon she saw that ho wa3 very cordial to Brandon Coyle, and that ho wished her to be so, able became friendly in 'h'or manner to th^ young man. This was not diuiouU, because] she really did*' not disliko Coyle, and tile reason why suo did not do bo was because the ' great gulf' that separated hoi- good spirit from his evil ono prevented her from perceiving the real Belt' of the man. Her perception of him went very little deeper than, tho recognition of a handsome, dark man in a well-fitting suit of clothes, and with conventional nlannors; uud eo Arielle, who was ignorant of the true meaning of marriage, was equally careless whothor.her unhappy lite Bhould end in death, a eon vent, or wedlock. She did not suspect Ms aspirations. . Brandon Coylo was not slow to perceive that his causo was securo of buccobb in the hands of the friendly old earl, with' his ia diu'ercnt but obedient grandohild. ' Ho knew that, oventuully, ho had only to solicit tho hand of Lady Ariolle from Lord Altofairo in order to receive it; .but lie know also that the. Montjoies were rigid obBorvers of tbe etiquette of mourning, and that in respect to tho, deceased countess he must wait a proper timo before asking the hfiud'of her granddaughter in marriage. : 1 .Ho inwardly fretted at this unavoidable delay... .He fell that iu tui» oaso, niost.'cm phat.jo:ally, .' delays were ; dangerous.'-'.-;..1 He dreaded ( tbo result of Valiiimjr :D,oupa'rdo!i visit to , Now,, Qrloans. Ho had already writton ,fo that unhappy young man; inolpi ing; to- him the forged lettor purporting i( havo, oomo from Lady Apolie Monijoio i- MiBS i Aspirita Ooylo, to.anuouuoo, tho .ap prpaohiog ; betrothal of hpr ludyehip to ,' suitor opproved by her gtaadfathor ; bn| h- had roooivod no answer to that lotter, and he walled anxiously lor it. ? ' Meanwhile, as ho was no longer in love with the in'Sing beautyi he wnsno exaotinB wooer. Had ho' beon bo, sho then might have disoovered his intentions 'and her own aversion and shrunk from 'his sooipty ;' but as _ it happened, ho was bo perfobUy cool in her presenao that no 'Crench . gentleman aeeking the hand of a noble domoisejle oould havo been more rovorentially diutarit in his manner than was Ooylo to the lady whom bo ?wUhed to marry; therefore Ariollo, was nbvor startlea into any feeling of rovnlalon from him ; on tne contrary, she was gratefnl for his frequent visits, because they pleased her grandfather. ?'.' -i' ??'??'?? ' ?'??'???'.? But though ho was no exaoting lover, he was certainly a very anxious and impationt aspirant; and: as timo paaaod and no lottor oame from Valdimir Deaparde, his anxiety and impatience inoronsod. : ' Dosparde might have gone to New Orleans, investigated the history of that old crime and its expiation, and discovered its whole, truth ; and ho might, even now, be on his way book to England to lay the base before the Earl ol Altofairo and- reinstate himself in the favour of Lady Arielle. It stood in the interostof Brandon Coyle to hasten his ' matrimonial affairs as muoh as possible, If .only he could be once fast .married to Lady Ariollo Montjoie— why, then, whether Valdimir Deeparde Bhould mako any disooverios . ia^Now Orleans ol' not, or whether ho should como baok to reveal them or not. Tie, Brandon Coyle,1 aB tho husband of Lady Arielle, could dofy them all. They might all loathe and scorn him, but they could not injure him materi ally ;' for their action would bo restrained by consideration for his wife. '' I At length Coyle oould' restrain his im patience no longer. ' Feur spurred Um on ; so ono day in tho early autumn, about two. months from tbe. decease of the oountesa, he came to Castlo Montjoie and sent his card in to the earl, desiring a private inter view.1' :' ??'? ' : ' V ' ''?'?' ?'?'? : He waa at once admitted and shown into the stately library, where the old nobleman soon joined him. ; - ' The meeting between tho two' was as cordial as ever. The ' earl BUBpeoted tho objcot of the visit, and ' did all that he could to smooth the wayof the embarrassed young suitor to the proposal he had, doubt less, oome to make. ' ''-.,''? Yet, notwithstanding tho friendly and even fatherly manner of the earl, and hiB own consummate self-concoit and iaipu donco, Brandon Coyle experienced' an un expected hesitation and difficulty in putting ' the momentous question ; not that ho was troubled by any doubts as to a favourable answer, but simply beoause ho 'could not' at once ft ad words in which to fiarrie1 his pro posal. At.length, however, ho spoke. 'I have come, my lord, to nsk. the greatestboon that you havo 'to bestow,'' or that I could receive,' he said, and' tbore he Btoppod short. ''You refer to my granddaughter,' said tho earl, in a gentlo tone. 'Yes, my lord, I refer to your lovely granddaughter,' ho answered, plucking up courage. 'I have loved tho Lady Aiielle from her childhood to this day. I loved her ,long and hopelessly until the day of hor broken marriage — ' : 'Pray do not speak of that I' nervously exolaimed the earl. 'Let that be forgotten as if it bad never been!' . , Brandon Coyle bowed and kept silonoe. ' ' Tbo old earl resumed : ' Certainly, my young nolghbonr, I have not misunderstood nor disapproved the objcot of your frequent visitB to this houBe, nor do I doubt that jour suit will be acceptable to my ohild. It is her happiuoaB that I must chiefly consider.' ' And it is her happiness that it ehall be the objeot of my life to promote,' added Brandon Ooyle, with all the earnestness, he oould simulate. . ; ' I am sure of that, and I would rather bestow my ohild. upon yon, a young man whom I have known from boyhood, the nophow and heir of a near noiuhbour, than upon any stranger, whatever his rank, wealth, or title : for I know that with you my obild'u domeBtio poaco and welfare will be Beonre.' ! ' I thank you for your good opinion, my dear lord. Believe me, it shall ever be my ambition to deservo it. I havo, then, your lordship's permission , to Bpoak to Lady Ariello ?' said Brandon Ooyle, with a secret shrinking from the declaration of lovo to tho lady even greater than he had oxporionoed from the proposal for her hand to the oarl, ' Yos— yes,' ropliod the old , nobleman, slowly and thoughtfully. 'Yes, unless, perhaps, you thick it might be bettor for mb to speak to hor first. You see,' my dear Brandon, no young lady oould have passed through suoh a trial - aB she has suffered without serious injury to her nervous system. I would rather be tho first to Bpoak to hor on this subjoot.' i Now this was exactly what Brandon Coyle -would have, preferred, since it wonld relievo him from all embarrassment. He was, thero fore, perfeotly sinooro when he answored : : ' I thank you, my dear lord. . I feel sure that your idea is wluo and good, like all yoar thoughts. I thank you very muoh.' ' And you may oome to-morrow for your anBwer, whioh, I feel quite sure, will be a favourable one. You noed have no anxiety on that sopre.' . ?''?'?', Coyle bowed very low, and then, as he understood .that , tho earl wished at onoo to ooDBult with his granddaughter, bade adieu and, doparted. ., ,.' . , ', ,i ' .The old nobleman, left alone in his library, sat baok in his chair and refleotod, . Y'. He is really a very worthy yoang gentle man. Not, certainly, of the exalted rank I ,ahould onoo have demanded in^ho- aspirant . for the hand o( my granddaughter and .he$ress, nor whioh her. birth, aud; fortuno outitlo her to expbot, but a very honourable oonntry. gentleman, upon whom we oati rely; and when a man reaches my age, having seen all biB kith and kin depart for the othor life, ho begius to think loss of tho extornal, grandeur of this world and more ol tho interior trensuros that , constitute ' real happiness. Yqc, I am oontont that'iny ohild shall be the ,wifo of Mr.iBrandon Coyle. - Hor son, if sho have ono, will bo tho futuro Earl oi Altolaire, and oarry down the old titlo won on the field p! Hastings. But tho old name of Monljoie ' must die 1 No, by tho, way, it must not' and shall not 1 The young follow niuBt ajBume the name and arms of Montjoie if he marry ;my granddaaghtur and eolo hoireus. That o»n -be easily enough aooompHslied, ' And now for my interview with Ariolle, ho said, toubhing hiB boll. .?'..'; ' ', -. A hall footman immediately answered it. ' . '! Send Lady' Ariollo'a maid to hor lady ship with my whih to see her horo.' ? Theiootman bowod aud withdrew, ; . In a few moments Lady Ariollo, enterod tho library, Hero fftoo was still bo thin and white that it bore a ghostly contrast to the blaakqeas ol her mourning dross, c ',.,.' ? '( Oome and sit down boside mo, rpy lovo. Cftti you guess why 1, have qont' for. you-, and what, I ,hayo. to tell you this, jnornirigf'.iii quirodtbe old nobloman, aa ho drqw a.ohnir |p;.his,,Bi(lo for , tho aoQonamodfttlon, ol his grand^augbtoiv,,; :. .. ?.,,-, , ?.,-,,., ? Ariollo Bhook her golden-hairod . head' as sho sqdtod herself by him. ,,'.,,, ,,'. ; 'Young Brandon Ooylo has just, loft me,' said the o»rf. . ;„'., ., , :'.;' ',.' j 'Yea?' responded,. the girl, indifferently) 'Ay; -and ;wo have had a' eerlbns *a]k. Can yo&snrmis;'o its purport?'1 henskedi meaningly. ' ' , . ,' Noide'ar grandpapa,'' flho replied, simply and.Binooroly. - ' ,'? '? \- i|'Indflod,' can yon not ? ? That is strange I Now, try to think what oonld have brought him to a private' interview with ' your old gianddaddy ithis morning.' .-?' ? . ,,'.'1— don't-r-know,' answered Arielle, slowly and thoughtfully. 'Was it any — any- thing about the hounds? I know he did want onoof Stella's puppies I' ? .'- '?' ' ' Yon littlo goose I If yon were not tbe soul of sincerity I should think you were playing a part 1 Now, Ariolle, is it possible that you do not know what Brandon came to me for this morning P' . 'Indeod I do not, grandpa, unless it waR for the puppy.' ? ; !' Tut I tut I Why should I have oallen you into oonsultatioD, then P What have you to do with tho kennels?' So you cannot guess what he oame to me for this morn ing? Why, my ohild, what has ho been doming to the house for during the last three months?' ? ? ' ' Out of neighbourly friendship for as, dear ijrandpft ; I know ttrtt, of oourne.' 'Is it possible you1 can -have been bo blind ?. .Has the delioate ' self-restraint ol the young lover ? so utterly deceived you?' oarnestly inquired tho earl. - ,.-.'!|Pb, dear grandpapa,; what do you moan?' ijnestion'eu A'rielle, nncaaily. ? . , 'Young Coylo haa been coming to see you) my'ohilcl. We both, thdoght you suroly knew that 1 Bat you have been so deeply nbBorbqd in your ownilronbles, Ariollo, that you have takon very littlo notioe of others, I four.' ? :'' . '.-'/ ;'. '' ,'.' .- nOh, dear grandpapa,' pleaee do not say that; for indeed ' I have thought of you oon Hantly, and in my heart I have been very, grateful to Mr. Ooylo for giving us so muoh of his oornpany. I have deeined.it very kind of him to leave gayer eooioty and spend so muoh of his time with two snoh' 'sad ones as you and ? myself ; for I thonght it must lie Very dull for him ; but indeed I never imagined that ho oamo to see me particularly, '_ said Ariello. - ? ' '? '-? '; .'?'?''?' ? ?'.'.- fi; '- ? ;' That was booause be was so delicate and roticont; so much so, that perhaps oven. I should' not have suspeoted the objeot of 'his visits had I not known enough of human nature to be very sure that' be did not oomo to boo. an ootogonarian like mo whore there was aiyounggirl like you in tbe housed Well, ray -dear child, tho oaso ia this-: Young Brandon Ooyle oamo to mo to-day to ask permission to address yoa with a view to marriage. I told him that I approved bis Suit, but would spbalt 'to you first. Now, my ohild, all' I have to Bay is this: We know tho young man and his family. They bavo boen our near neighbours for many years. Wo can rely upon him, and upon them. I oan trust ray ohild's welfare with thorn. So, ray dear Ariello, if yon oan like this youDg man well enough to marry him, I shall feel vory glad. A great weight ot oare will be lifted from my mind ; for you know, my ohild, that I am very bid and infirm, so that tho timo ot my departure draws near, and I feel a keen anxiety at the thought ot leaving you- alono, unprotected, youthful, innocent, und inexperienoed, an easy proy to tho selfish, moroonary and designing. To bo sure, I oould appoint guardians for yon, who would look after you and your fortunes until yonr majority atthe age of twenty-one ; biif after wards ? No, my ohild, I shall never die con tent until I see you married.' - ' Would my marriago to Mr. Brandon Coyle oontehtyou, dear grandpapa ?' gravely and tenderly inquired Ariello. , ' :; ' Yes, my ohild ; it would moro than con tent mo ; it would perfeotly satisfy me; sot ray heart complotnly at rest ; in a word, it would make my last days very peaceful,' earnestly replied the old nobloman.1 ' 11 Then, dear grandpapa, I will marry Mr. Brandon Ooyle, and you may tell him so,' said Ariollo, Biinply. ? ; ''!'.Youaro a good child, and 1 hope and believe you will bo a good and happy wife, my dear,' said the earl, drawing1 hor to his bosom, and ' kieBing her fondly. ' But, my girl, yonr lover muBt take your answer from yourself.' ' '.'?'. 'Oh,-no, no, no. Please, you tell him, grandpa-!' exolaimed Ariollo, suddenly, kiss ing him, and then running out of the room ; for she oould uo longer control the anguish of. her heart, whioh, aB soon as she reaohed the privaoy ot her own chamber, burst forth in a storm of passionate sobs and tears. Meanwbilb the old oarl, unsuspicious, of tho grant, silent saorifloe bis granddaughter had made to his feolings, rubbed his hands together and ohuoltled, after the manner of the vory aged; ' A'queer couple of lovers as ever I have Been 1 He prefers that I should make his declaration of love to her. SKe wishes mo to convey her acaoptnnoe to him: ' Tlicy want me, an old grby-beard of eighty-five, to do all tho.lovo-making between thorn. It waa not so with me and my Oonstanoe.. We did our oourting and kissing ourselves. But that was in thoignorant old times, before modern improvements were invented; Now every thing is done ; by maohinery, even ? love making by the intervention of a third party, Ha, ha, ha I' - 'And the old man laughed feebly at hie feeble jest,' because he folt so happy in tht probable accomplishment ot hia wishes. '. Thenext mornlnR Brandon Ooyle came1 foi his answer. Hj was at once admitted to the presonoo, 61 'the old earl,' who was already seatod in the'ilibrary waiting bis viaitor, and .who arose and advuinoed to meet' him :witb oulstretohed hand and cordial Bmilej saying ' Good morning, my Bon ; lor you aro te be my son, one or two removes. Groat- gram Bon'-io-law iB rather, too long a formula of rola tionahip for common use. Even my groat granddaughter only calls mo grandpa 1 Gooi morning, my doar boy I I have nothing bu good nows for you to-day. Take a seat am toll mo how you find yourBolf.' - ' Vory woll autl happy, thanks, my lord I need not return the question. - You lool remarkably hale.' ''''A.jy dy, I feel bettor. thiB morning besides being in excellent spirits, by eyru pathy with tho happiness oC my girl am boy !' ' ? ' Thanks, very muoh, my lord. And Lad; Arielle P .' .....' ' Sho is ia tho drawing-room awaitia you.' . ,, '!:May,I go to her at onoo ?' ;:- ,.. 'Certainly, I could not, bo so unreason ablo as to expect you to stay, hero with m under such circumstances, nor so oruol as t (Mainyou,! i.Go, my donl1' : ... ,. OHAPl'Ett XXX. . ABIEL^U'S DECISION. 'Tome, and brldn, or ratlier wlrtowod maid, One wns ulllnnocd, n lon(x timo uolbro. And noorcil plodijoH ho boih took and ruvci Palso, cruel lovo, Infamous and rorenworn. ;''' -'? i.. -:-???? ? ?— urENOEn. ' ! Ob.xolder than the wind that freozds Iv .'. Founts that onoo In sunshine played, Ia that oongetvilng piinu; wtiloliuoizea Tho trusiing bosom whon Defrayed. ?.-?.'; i'., ?. .: ?? ? ?-??? '':?? '«/ —Moore, 1 ;;THB_yonngman; who- fell hiraaeirfabw r homo in the bouse, wont immediately I the drawing-room/ wherb he found Ariel reolining in a doep-eiiBhionod roiting-ohai and': looking thinrier,'whiter, nibi'o' trah parent, more like an empty .ohrysalis thn evest bofore. ! '.-? -',.., :. ,Hc, soiull of ..vigorous, animal life, wi ohill'ed by her aspeot, as somo persons a; ohillod by, the proaonoe of a. corpse. . ra^uired aoine effort to throw off this fcelir. — ? . ? ? ? (Mi as ho wont towards her, .took hor limp, oold hand, and said : ' Good-morning, Arielle.'' ? _ f ' Good-morning,' she responded, in faint ?ones, and lifting hor dim, blue eyes to his face. ??-?-?:? ; , Again the Bhivering repulsion overcame bim.but he rallied hi« spirits, and said, as he dropped that drilling hand :?? 'Your grandfather has authorised me — Then he stopped, in a strange embar rassment, lookod around, drew a chair to her side, seated 'himBelf, and began again : _ ' The earl has told me— the oarl was re quested by me — ' ? And he stopped again. , Ariolle's faded blue orbB wandered towards Mb fane and fixed themaelves upon it in ox peotation. ' My love, you must know what I would °-iay !' he esolairaed, in desperation'. ' Yes,' esid the girl, with tho oalmness of utter Jindefferenoe, ' my grandpapa told me that you would like to marry me, and I answered tbat I would consent if he wished me to do so.' 'Yoa angel 1' exolaimed Brandon, with very well-aoted rapture, as he moved to em brace her ; but she put up both hands, with a gosturo of repulsion, saying : ' Don't ploaBe 1 Please don't I' 'Forgive me,' he murmured, as ho fell baok in his seat with a feeling of relief ; for he did not really wish to fold that living death to his highly vitalised boBom. How to talk to her now he did not know ; but a great fear seized him that she might die before he oould make her his own, and with her all the grand advantages that mast pome in her train. For that reason, as well as others that have been mentionod, it seemed highly import: imt to him that the marriage should take place as soon as possible. Perhaps the earl might be indaoed'.to forego tbo striotest obsor vanoe ol the mourniag etiquette for the old ' oouutesB, and consent to a very quiet and unostentatious marriage, without cards, with out bridesmaids,! or any other pageantry beyond the ceremony in the obapel to mako thoir present betrothed a binding union. These thoughts, togethor with the neces sity of saying something, and the difiloalty ol finding anything elso to say toa girl from whom ho seoretly shrank, and who evidently shrank from him, impelled him toinqoiro, in the most tender tones ho could simulate : ' And when,' my love, shall be the happy day that will make ua one ?' ' Oh, I don't know. Isn't it early yot for Buoh a question?' sho inquired, languidly. ' It may seem so to you, my angel, but to a lover'* — ' he. began ; but she interrupted him --y sayintr, still vory languidly : ' Well, then, I don't care ! 'Whonever grandpapa pleasop.' ' But, my dear love, ib is yourself who muBt— ' ' It is to please grandpapa that I marry you. He must have hia own way.. Now, Mr. Coyle, will you excuse mo ? I am very tired, and I must go and lio down,' eaid Ariellei rising feebly, andstretohingout her wan hands to the tops of tables and backs of chairs to support hor tottering steps as she glided, ghost-like, from the room. 'She is dying! I wonder tho earl does not see it ! But ho is nearly blind, and besides, the ohange has come on so gradually tbat he, who is always with her, cannot appreciate it as I do 1 Dyin^ 1' he said to himself, as ho looked after her, too deeply shocked and dismayed and too much absorbed in h'm own unpleasant sensa tions to think of offering her the assistance sho needed until she had passed out ot his Bight. Then he started up and left the room by one of the French windows of the modernised drawing-room opening upon the garden. He felt the necessity of a great deal of fresh air. Then he wished to go to Lord Altofaire, as the referee of Lady Arielle, and try to get the wedding-dny fixed ; but, having bidden good-bye to the carl that morning, he did not feel privileged to intrude upon him again the same day. After walking up and down on the terrace for a few moments, ho called a groom that was passing in tho garden below and ordered his dog-cart ' to be brought around, and whoa it was ready he jumped into it and drove homo. \- He arrived at Oavoland soon after tho luncheon hour. He was very hungry, for he wsb gifted with a groat appetite, aud he had eaten nothing, sinoe breakfast. Ho would havo ordered lunoheon immediately from the butler had not his sister, Aspiritu, been on tbo watoh lot him and arrested him ia the hall. 'Don't stop me now, Aspirita; I'm a famishod wolf I' he oxolaimed, attempting to biUBh by her into the dining-room. ' Oau't help that! I have something here that I think will stay your Btomaoh — a foreign letter,' said the young woman. ' Eli I' oried tho man, suddenly palling himself up. 'A letter from America, and evidently from Valdimir Desparde 1 Come with me into the- morning-room — there is no one there— and read it.' - He followed her into a spacious apartment in tho bnolc oi the building, and thoy Bat down togother on the sofa to peruse the letter. ; It was very brief and to the point, but it was without date or signature It ran as follows : . . ' Yoar letter enclosing the letter of my lost love to your Bister reaohod me in due . timo several weeks ago. 'It Bhould hnve boon promptly answered hud.I boen capable ol writing. . ' But, ah 1 my friond, I was woaker than you thonght mo. Vory muoh woakor than I , thought myself. ' I ought to havo boon glad ol hor reoovary from the shook and sorrow of that broken wedding, whioh must overshadow and op press my whole future life with gloom und misery! I ought to have rojoioed ia her prospect of happiness. 'But, oh, my dear Brandon, I am but human I lam but flush and hlood! And thus gave way bouoath the overwhelming* stunning blow ! , ' Think what it must bave been to me to read suoh words aa those, writton by her own hand, and now stamped indelibly on my heart and brain: ' ' I feel that it would bo degrading to me to waste moro thought on one who bun provud himself eo utterly false, base, treacherous; ao I havo consonted to receive thoalioaiions of a gentleman approved by my grandparents as entirely worthy of esteem aud affootlou.' ' Brandon, do you wonder that I loat bonsoiousness- anil reason for awhilo ? Or that I lny diingorously ill for woeks in a oity hospital, to whloh stranger hands conveyed mo after having piokod me up insensible in tbe lobby of the poot-oilloo, where I had oponod and road that terrible letter ? ' ThiB is the first dny that I have been permitted to sit up and write, and this letter to yoa is the first result of my roatorod privileges. ? ??' I write now to explain my long, involan tary silenoo, to tell you these things, and to say-— may the Lord bless her ia her now union itud. in all her iuturo life, whatever may boaomo of me.' 'That's all! Poor devil I' multorod Brandon Ooylo, in contemptuous pity, as ho folded tho letter up again. ' And not one word about mo I' exolninied Aepititft, tUBOontentedly. - ient about one ^woman bdoro yoa S 1 lm to think about another?1' attaS' 1 randon, abruptly. ««.mraftyi ? ' He takeB a gtoat deal ol timo'. m,., 1 ion noarly five months oiuoo tbat bioW1 I arnage.' y'r; ? 'Woll, we can't hnrry him, anjhow''' 'I phod tho youug. man, aa ho wont to thd * '1 limney-plaoo and throw tho lottot into h« I :o 'thBA hlVdmbeen ll8btoa ln »1(' whto I mpnr the ohill mountain ait ol that e»l. I utober day ' I ' What did you do that for ?' -T i ,1 ' BeoauBe suoh a lotter as tbat 'la ra I ingorottB thing to keop in tho possession 61 I ib man 'everyway worthy ol oatoem »nd I leotion,' who is about to marry L«a» 1 rielle ! I wonder what DeBpardo t2 1 tetoh, wouia think if ho know tbat it « ' I s dear friond ana oonfldentinl oorrei 1 indent, Brandon Ooyle, who ooanclii I at enviable position ?' he inqaitod, miV» I ugh ?' - I ' By tho way, how goes on yonr wooloa of I le earl's heiress ?' qneationod Asplritt. I ' Swimmingly I We aro engaged to b« fl arried with the full oonnont and apptobi- I on of Lord Altolairo,' said BtanJon I antily. ' 'I 'lvL-deed! And you novortoldmol Bints I ben, pray ?' I ' Sinoe eleven o'olook Ibia morning, whlih I loounta for my not having oommunioiUd I 10 faat last nigbt, or previously.' ,1 ' Bran, I wish you joy. A oounteBsin Let I vn right !' - I 'Not quite yet— not till the old man I ihoffles off the mortal ooil I1 ' I 'Well, but soon to bo a oonntess in her I vn right 1 Ouly, mind you, Bran, in youi I ise and hers she will take preoodonco of yon I i all publio oooasions I -It will not ba 'Mt. 'I ad Mrs. Brandon Ooylo, but it will bo ? The -l oantees of Altofnire arid Mr. Brandon I oylel' A small scoond fiddle for ;a mirn I : spirit to play, as it appears to me, I ran 1' I ?I don't see it in tbat light. It iB tho I ;iqaetto, where a commoner marries a I ueross, or wherever the wife's. -rank ij I igbor than tha husband's— aa, lot instance, I le Queen and Priaoo Albert, the Marohio- I bsb of A. and Mr. E. And, beeidos, there I iay bo Ruoh a possibility as to get a row- I on of,my wife's titlo in my favour by Royal I ittors patent, oreating mo, mo, in oousidera- I on of my marriage with tho last beireea I I the Monljoies — oven me— Earl of AUc- . I tiro,' replied Brandon Oitylo with a strut.; I ' Oh, oomo now, Sonny I Steady 1— ' I Your vaulting am'.Uion doth oe rleap Itself— I 'Twill fait on t'other Bide,' , [ iui?hod hiBsiater. [ '? Woll, you'Jl see 1 You'll boo 1' j ' Any way, I congratulate you, Bnb, Itii j great thing for you to marry Lady Ariells I lontjoie, future Oountosa of Altofairo ia her I wn right, even it you never' mount any I igber. A great thing for me, too, to bo the j ister-in- law ol a peeress 1 1 am to be flrat I ride-maid, of ooarse '/' I ' I don't Ijdow.' I 'You 'don't know?' Why, who oto I hould bo first bride-maid if the groom's own I ister is not to be, I should like to know f I -he has no aistors.' ' ' I 'I do not think thero will bo any bride- I laids. I think tho wedding will be . very | uiot. Scarcely two months have pasted I inoe the funeral ot tho old countess. The I redding must be vory unostentatious. Any I arade would bo unBoemly.' . I ' Ob, of oonrse, I suppose so ! Whon is it I a onme off?' ' I ' I don't know. Very Boon, I hope.' I ' You 'don't know' again? Wby.wbatrft I on know about tho matter, then ? I thought I 11 this was settled.' . I ' It will be to-morrow, whon I shall have a | inal interview to muke arrangeinectts with j be earl.' '? ? I ' Oh, ' to-morrow I' To-morrow never I omua ! And ' there is many a slip 'twixt the I up and the lip,1 my brother I' exolaimed I kapirita, ratilioioiiBly. i ' Be quiet, Asp ! Don't hiea I I fool very I ure-of my game I Aud now I must have I omething to e-at and drink. Da you mean I 0 keep a follow hero starving all day loogt' | lemanded the brother, as hu aroao aud I erked tho bell oord. ( I ' Bring me Iuuoueon here in two minuteil I jook sharp 1' ho exolHimed to tho servant I vho answered the1 bull. I The repast was promptly served and Vapirita, leaviag him to his goriBandlelng, vent to her room to take a nap. Early the next : morning Braudon Ooyle ?ode over to Castle Montjoie, where ho ar rived just before noon. He asked for Lord Altofaire and was at jnco admitted to the presence of tbo aged sari, who received him in the old library ' J ,vitU his neoubtomod heartiness. ' ' I hopo Lady Ariollo is quite well.thu morning. She seemed a little indisposed peBterday, I feared,' said Brandon Ooyle, as joon as the first greetings wore over..' . ? - v ' She ia not well, I am aorry to say. i oho . keeps her room to-day, and desired to'be Bxousod to you, il you shoaldoall,' answers* ? the earl. ' ?'' :' ? 'I am very sorry to hour tbat. I nope U is nothing serious,' said Brandon Coyle. ' I hope not, and yet I think I shall send for Sir Joaephy Oourtnty,' replied the earl, naming an eminent London physioian, wno had been made a baronet. - 11 1 trnst you have no grave fears for ner hoalth ?' oontinuod the young man. . , 'Ob.no. Oh.no. Bat I thiok itisjosl as woll to be on the safe aide,' mWlM earl, oheerfully. ? , ..q . Brandon Coyle then romomliered W&\ ms j Bister had onoe told him about tbe ' ItuV. I auxiety' of tho old earl and oounwaB over tho health ol thoir grandohild, thut led mem, as she had said, to summon down a conn: physioian ii she had bui a oold in her lioni, ami after a little furtbor oonyersatwu no oame to the main objeot of his visit. - ? ' . . ?? Lady Ariollo has eonsentod tobleef I m« with her hand, as you Uiudly led mo to nopa. that sho would, my lord,. bat her ladyamp has referrod mo to you to ilx tbe day i«b-i Bhall make me the happiest of mou,1' lie M» ? falling into the oommonplaoe beoumo w- n»» not earnestness enough to inspire »n origin' ' My dear boy, you must be patient. ¥°a ? aro betrothed to Lady Arielle. Y«u a'88'8. 01 her, and your suspense is over on »f» subjeot. Bat ag to your marriage, that «m ? not bo celebrated for uouio time yet, «- in ouse ol a oertuiu evout. Out olj 'Wfj. the deooaaed oountesB, her granddaugnw' wedding musk bo delayed for u year,', least.' . ? ? . ,. L ' I thought-I hoped-that wo - nW » raorriod very quiotly, without oards, w»npu!v; bride-maids, without parado oi any ' no', «?» therefore without any diarespoo ''-0J'°; memory of the late oouutoss,1 ' urgod B»ana°u , Coylo, anxiously. ..V. ' i ?'No, no, my dear fellow, that oapno !* done. I oan understand and pardon tue im patience ol a young lover— » OiidcBcaom. o^ .. peotant-^whiohwouianaturallym»whimIM , get tho proprieties of life; bn.tyoii.inMH-™?..; that impatienoo, aud bethink you of »ne »? , ness ol things. My. gnmddauijli t«j D*nnp , : , bi 'married quieliy,.withont oarde.w tw», ? brlde-maids,' and so lorth. . Sue muM* :. married with all tbo ceremonies nud . ie«' ?. , ties befitting the nuptials oftbo !»»':¥''' - of the house of Montjoie, and ol tbe #arldo» of Altofairo, nud therefore ohe oannoi^ , married within the yearol mourmng lot w. , .. lato conn'iasf);' . ::?:?'-?? '' '' '.' (To if «n-ifliw»O . . ' ? ' - ' -,';i:'': 