OAST&KTON.; (from: our own correspondent.) June 26. I don't know whether it is demanded of > me that 1 should apologise and abase myself befqte thp ijporfipg fraternity for my laches in omitting tq 'sen4 yqu a telegraphio ppqrt of the Deruholm races, hridon thfe 20 th inst. I think peecaei would be my best plea, as I was in possession qf the names qf the winning horses in ample tirqe to have furnished 3'ou with the full particulars for last Saturday's issue, but who could, I may ask, try to be complimentary to the meeting, aud at the same moment be 41 fearless for truth," in an assuredly abortive attempt to pourtray a sporting gathering, when ouly some twenty or thirty spectators were assembled —nut enqqgli jiq define the straight runuiug, uulesa posted like sentzie just vyithin hail of each other. I was sceptical as to the absurd mea- grenesa of the attendance, but when a well- known 44 sport " threatened to enunciate the names of all present, and to count their num ber ouhis fingqra, without tqo frequent a repetition of .the process, 1 became con vinced, aud refrained from using the epigram matic wire, The Gastcrton contingent, six in number all counted (and Casterton was in an excessive majority over all other centres of population), arrived at the sceqe of opera tions. No one was to be seen in the bar of the hotel, only three or four outside, and no thing particular ou hand, so that things looked anything but roseate or festive. En quiries were made, and affairs were dubious. Had a igistqkq been made in the date? Horribly suggestive thought ! At last the Domine of the village was interviewed, and the visitors congratulated them selves upon at last finding a man who knew . something, "one who was an fait , and the following colloquy took place : - At what time do the races commence ? Answer : I don't think there will be any races. Ah, 'urn! Where are the stewards? Answer; They havea't come. fadZTTT " I the entries? Don't know Nn 0 I tins was highly aatisSr/r' I one consolation — a powerful I did its best and succeeds in I expression of discontent. I ladies present at the raoes tT ,Wete I derstood that this instrum'et Vj I|>t- I the ball held in the evening to it « I of the male sex onlyTlfdt tt . I meat bad been made. X aT I date those who came, and placed a I spread before them, the weatv... I could be anticipated, and thefcS I the comparative failure mav h 1,1 < I attributed to the scarcity of that ® P'frlr I of which dollars arc made, and of publicity. We aU ws£| there is a good time cominn t 7l i Berry, only give him his WS 1 1 was not built in a day ; things I gradually serenely blue, awwr®11® I ings of that parsimonious SnutT I tered, we shall all get our share I I was not seised of the fact T I published in the Cosfertoi, a« I ashamed to say, in parenthesis a, ' I that I am frequently and largelv I to the Ar files — that the Cock Laue C? I m consequence of the lamentable p I policy, so suicidally followed the oldl I been compelled, owing to the deonwT I busiuess, to migrate the ZTS I many successes to this colony jtT„ I surprised thereat, and still more I discovered that the said ghost had I and had become a free selector in thp tvT I of Casterton, even in Dnnrobin-lane. I not heretofore aware that the bLii I which this celebrated character » i I lished was available for selection, on.01 I l and others would have been w> I peg beforehand, and should have tS. I ously disputed the priority of annliiJ« I the local Land Board. Howerer n S I now seems hardy enough to disrate I natural right ; but when the sDectr,i 3®' I applies for his lease, he will, I thi-i, l® I skow that the residence clause I preted as residence by night alone-,?' 1 a ms occnmtaj, r day and has only been vaguely ,iS | ht-mid then the cultivation cSaJ. I be fatal to his pretensions ; and theu-Sv I then? 1SS0 is fast approaching, th. C Act expires, Mother ShiptWs p I approach their fulfilment ; but what com I eon does the expiration of the Land IS I to the extinction of the world? These I matters for the deepest, the most nrolJ!! I consideration. F On Tuesday last, Mr. John Lawford farmer, of Sandford, met with a very saw! I accident, resulting from a fall I vehicle he was driving. Mr. Lati®L T I hear, has broken his thigh, and as hrti I rather an advanced age, and pafficai I corpulent, it is feared the accident awU I a fatal termination. I The Police Court here on Wednesday I rather the proceedings, was suffirientlr I tractive to gather together a crowded i i tory ; one case occupied the Bench for a can. ' j siderable time, an erratic son of Nepha» 1 clad in garb of dungaree, had eitherw j robbed, or fancied he had been, at Castm. ' on Friday last. The alleged robbervhfi according to the prosecutor, beenaoj I panied with violence ; the prosecutor, hat. I ever, himself fell into tiie hands ofttepfcj. 1 istines, and whilst in durance nnhmtC I his sorrows and his wrongs tohisn& ft hence the apprehension of a man who, kv. ft ever, succeeded in establishing a ctmris ft alibi. The prosecutor had, on the dnd I the alleged robbery, patrolled the I area of Casterton, had called at the Banks I Victoria, had enquired the terms of B on England, had darkly intimated his I session of an almost fabulous sun, and hi, I as related, come to grief in the sequel. I case was dismissed. Anothercaseinrolviogty I ownership and maternity of two calres,fis looked as if they never had a mother, 4$ evoked considerable attention. At one I of the proceedings I thought the aw lmpn I on proof as to whether the (worthed ft first saw the light, but when a professirti I in such matters gave his evidence on cad I that he had, aud moreover was in tbe habs ft of 44 assisting," my doubts vanished, mi ft could not do otherwise than concur in tk ft decision arrived at by the Bench AGon ft man sued a European, and the Chiaamn ft was allowed to give his evidence in ertensj- ft it was not taken down. It was not, 1 ecaicelj think, fully understood, otherwise I bre do ft doubt it would have been much more una. ft esting than a modern three-rolumed novel I One or two other cases of mmnr inqnrttts ft closed tbe session. ft 