FICTION. From EORilib, American, and other Perloilloali. Who Was Guilty? CtiAPIER XLV. WHO IS MATHEW CABBIS. That strange man, Michael Polgrain, who seemed a dead man living again a cold, (¡ray life, fitted ghost-like through Alfred Singleton's dreams, BS he lay, weak and fevered, ia bis bed. It was many days before the boy stood up Rg'.in, end well-nigh a fort- night ere, like a wan shadow, he crapt down stairs. The day was wet und stormy, so he sat patiently by the turf fire, listening to the tick-tick of the tall clock, which joined its monotonous music to the patter of the rain on the casement Here Grace Chagwynne found bim ns she caine bustling in with an apron full of furze and turf. " Have you dressed yourself, my son ?" she said, surprised. " But you ure thin and weak, sure ?" "Oh.no, lara much better. I think I shall be able to go to Penkivel soon," he answered, hope fully. " No, no," said Grace, an anxious shadow coming down upon her f«ce ; " you vrou't, go this long while yet. This schoolmaster axed everywhere round if you'd been seen ; but no ont Uno wed you was here; so he heard nothing, The brid fellow said at the Castle you'd robbed him ; so I made bould to look ia your bundle, and saw there was only a few bits of clothes in it," " He is a villain !" said Alfred, flashing painfully. " Don't think of him," returned Grace, " Tell me about Penkivel. Have you over been there P" " Once," said Alfred j " that is when I saw Lady Crehylls. She WHS standing by her husband's tomb, read the words on it, and thought it strange should die at the same pli.ee where I lived once." "And where was that?" tisLed Grace. " Oh, a long way off," returned the small traveller, a beautiful place by the cea, in Italy." " And who did you live with there ?" asked Grace. " I can't tell," he replied, a bewildered look cover- ing his face at this question. " If I answered what I thought, I should say my father ; but they have told me since that is a dreum tho fever lett with me." " I eall that mortal queer," said Grace, with eyes intent upon the young, earnest face. " If I was you my son,I wouldr': be cheated out of my memory by lies." " Do you think I am cheated ?" said Alfred, with a wistful look. '. I th ught so once myself, till my father and my sister Madeline took me to a beauti- ful palace, and there I caw a rich noble, the Duke de Briancourt, who told me I had lived in it with him when I saw very young. Perhaps it WES this visit to him which lingered so long in my memory. And yet the palace was not the one I had dreamed of so often ; neither was his the face I remember so well." " Would you know the face again ?" asked Grace, leaning her chin upon hur hands, and regarding the child with a puzzled air, " Oh, yes," said Alfred, his eyes growing bright as she spoke ; " I should know him anywhere. " Do you think it is still living-that kind, sorrowful face, that used to bead over me at night and kiss meP" " I am afraid not," returned Grace. " I'm thinking sonny boy, if that kind face, whosoever it may be were not put under the sod, you would not be here this minute, a little forlorn runaway. Don't cry, child, I want to hear who Madeline is," " She is my eldest brother's widow," answered Al- fred. " She is very boautiful, I wish she liked me,'» he said, sighing ; " but I know she cannot bear even to see my face." "If that's true, you've got queer relations," re- joined Grace. " Do you remember your mother P can you tell me her name ?" The old bewildered look came back painfully to Alfred's face, as ha replied ; " No, I cannot remamber her. They tell me she is dead, but my father-no, not my father, the friend I mean, who you think is dead-he alwayB told me my mother was living; and he used to promise 1 should go home one day to her at- at-" Here the boy turned pale as death, and stretched his hand out faintly towards the listening woman, " Are there two Penkivels in England ?" he asked. " For tbe word he said was Penkivel. Oh, Grace.it was indeed ; I have lain awake at night wondering if that name I had lost would never, never come back to me, and now it is come suddenly, like light- ning comes." Grace threw her apron over her face, and behind that rampart she cried quietly some little time. The suspicion in her heart took away her breath, and she dared not speak it. " There moy be two Penkivels," she said in a sob. bing voice. " Tell me something more of your sister -I once knew a beautiful lady called Madeline, But for her, Lord Crehylls would never have gone away to die in a foreign land. Some people say he was beguiled by her wicked beauty. I don't think that's true, neither does Michael, and he is Lord Cre hylls's foster-brother, and always nearer and dearer to him than any friend in the world." To this rather rambling story Alfred listened in- tently. " I know so little of my sister Madeline," he said, " that I cannot tell yo« anything about her. Do you think shelis the lady yea knew once ?" " Well, yes, I do," answered Grace ; " but Michael knew her better than I." " Is he your brother ? and why is hie face so white and strange?" asked Alfred. Then, after a little pause, he added: " Who is Mathew Carbis?" " So you heard all that was 6aid on the day you lay by the fire like a littio corpse ?" snid Orace, anxi- ously. " Yes, every word," he replied. " And I should like to know why Michael is so pale, and why the cross is cut by the river-side." " That is a long tale to tell," said Grace ; " and I am afraid-" " You need not be afraid," said the boy. " I know Michael Folgrain wants to take me away on a cruise, lest I should tell that he is a smuggler ; but I am no tell-tale." " I am not afraid of your telling," returned Grace ; ''because I don't believe you would put the son of them that's been kind to you in prison ; but I think you had best go to sea for all that. Folks say at Crehylls, this schoolmaster is gone down to Fenki- I vel to look for you, and he means to stop for many a week at Penkivel church-town till j ou come, he says. Bo wouldn't it be sensible to keep away till he is tired out, and gone back to his den, like the fox he is P" This news made Alfred thoughtful. With all the patient resolution inherent in his nature, he had determined never to fall again into Whalley's hands. He would choose.any life rither than again make one among that small, cowed, miserable herd, whose abject lives were a continua! and a degrad- ing torture. His memory was filled with cruelties, horrors, Bufferings past speech, which he had seen inflicted upon the helpless, shrinking companions of his misery, or which he had borne himself with that uncomplaining patience bom of despair. " Young as he was, Alfred knew, or rather felt, that the fruit of such teaching as Whalley's could only be cowardice, falsehood, and meanness ; and the instinct which made him fly, was that voice in every noble mind which bids it save its soul alive. Sometimes there fell down upon his young heart a horrible suspicion that this wicked man wanted to destroy him-was watching devilishly for the creep- ing into bis spirit of all evil things, Bad his father knew this, and looking on, only smiled. This fearful thought used to make him tremble, and he often drove it away passionately : yet it came again and again, and always stood before him, barring the way when he would have gone to Madelire (or succor. Then, as. Grace told him Whalley would go to Penkivel, there crept upon him the fear that Lady Crehylls miß ht give him up as Lord Crehylls had done, and on this there followed the thought tha it might be wise to put the sea between himself and his pursuer. What the earth denied to the fugitive the ocean gave, and every rolling billow would carry him farther away from his enemy. And what if there carne upon him at sea hardship, danger, and suffering, they would come in stapes that rouse the soul within a man to bravely fight and bravely endure. The sea was a Behool which made heroes, and the teaching it gave was the foster-mother of honor, courage, and self-reliance ; but Whalley's school made cowards and its teachings was the nurse of every vice, and its abject suffering the mother of diBmal sin. If these thoughts in the boy's mind were cloudy and unformed, they were nevertheless there, speak- ing in every shrinking instinct that evaded Whal- ley's touch, and crying out within bis soul for a nobler, truer school than the miserable cheat which called itself by that name beneath his dastard roof. " I do not fear to go to sea," said Alfred, looking in Grace's face ; " but I do fear to be with wicked men. Whalley ia a wicked man-that is why I ran away ; and I was going to Penkivel because Lady Crehylls is good. I like good people just as 1 like the sunshine." "There is no harm in my boy Martin, except smuggling," returned Grace; "and there's lots of Cornish folk don't count that a ein. I will say, Mar- tin ia as generous and brave a lad as ever stepped, only he's drawn away by a liking for adventure, and by love for his uncle. He'd go round the world with Michael in a hollow pumpkin if 'twas big enough to hold them ; and na to Michael himself, he wouldn't wrong a worm by sea or land ; and he would never have taken to this life if it hadn't been for the blight that fell on him ever since Walter Sherborne was tried for the murder of Mathew Carbia- that's what did it. He was driven out to sea because upon the land be finds no rest for his troubled mind. The very day after the night when they found you lying upon the cross, cut in the turf, where Mathew Carbis' body had lain, he thought he saw him ; and he came here to this hearth and told it, with that haunted look upon his face which makes folk's feel afraid of him at times." " Tell ree all the story," criod Alfred, eagerly, with wide-open eyes shining with feverish wonder. And so Grace Chagwynne, in her quaint Cornish dialect, as ehe knitted, told at length the story al- ready told ia these pages. How Walter Sherbone had lived in St. Eglon's Hut, how his wife had re- ceived the attentions of Mathew Carbis and of the youthful Lord Crehylls; how Mathew Carbis was murdered, and how the evidence overwhelmingly pointed to Walter Sherborne as the guilty person ; how Sherborne was tried and condemned to be exe- cuted, and how, when he committed suicide, be left his daughter to the cold world's care. She went on : Mr, Lanyon was very good to the forlorn little orphan, who lay weeping and friendless at St. Eg- lon's Hut. Finding no relative of her father's will- ing to take her, he sent her up to London to schoolt but what became of her when she grew ap, I cannot say. Lord Crehylls did not return home till all the talk about this terrible story had died away. He was a man then, and he did not like to hear a word said concerning his foolish boy-love for Mrs. Sherborne the more especially as he was Miss Lanyon's lover now. She was a good and lovely lady, and the heir- ess of Penkivel and much wealth besides. When she and Lord Crehylls married, all the country, gen- tle and simple, were pleased, and wished them joy with one voice. And never did a young couple be- gin life with more love for each other, or a greater prospect of hnppiness ; yet in a few years all was shattered, and both were left a wreck. Old Mr. Lanyon had a ward, a young lady of grea beauty, named Madeline Sylvester. She and Lady Crehylls were no great friends, yet she came often to the Castle, or they at Penkivel, when the young couple went down there to stay. Miss Sylvester had a lover, a gallant gentleman, who through years of patient love, bed hoped on till be won her consent to be his wife ; but, like a cake of thin ice, all was treacherous when it seemed most smooth. Miss Sylvester left the Castle on the very day that Lord Crehylls deserted his wife, leav- ing her desolate and broken-hearted. Where she went, or what became of her, has never been known down here. We only knew that her lover came to the Castle in great grief, and told Lady Crehylls she was lost to him forever. My lady laid upon her all the blame of her husband's cruel departure, and even fancied that she had stolen her child. But she knew afterwards the boy was with his father. He should not hove taken from MB wife the one little comforter who might have solaced her misery but I don't think the blame of that lies with Miss Syl. vester ; yet Mr. Lanyon's illness does, for I took the letter to bim myself which struck him down with puraltsis, and he was never sensible again. What Lady Crehylls felt when she found herself bereaved both of husband and child, none could dare guess. Her grief would not bear comforting. She wondered about alone through the park at Cre- hylls, looking pale and hollow- eyed as a spectre. The friends that pressed around her she would not see or speak with. They blamed her husband, and her love for him-which has lived through all his cruelty-mude their consolations a torture. She soon left the Castle and went down to Pen- kivel, where Bhe solaced her father's declining daye, and where she has lived ever sines. She and sor- row have never parted company ; for soon after her father's death news came to her that her boy was drowned ; then her husband died, and was brought to Penkivel to be buried. People say it waa his dy- ing wish to lie there, rather than with his fore-fathers at Crehylls. Sa perhaps on his death-bed his love went back to his wife, and he yearned in death lo be near the true beatt that he had forsaken in life. Bach end event that has occurred to him has brought again to men's lips the story of Mathew Carbis and Walter Sherborne, When Lord Cre- hylls forsook his fair young wife and became an exile, as fome thought for Miss Sylvester's sake, people said of him, that he was a feeble man, given to ioolish loves from his boyhood. When he died, they remarked that his age and Walter Sherborne's were the same ; and they wondered if any remem- brance of that unhappy man had intruded on his dying thoughts, Listening tu such talk as this, I have seen my brother Michael's white face grow gray as ashes; for io all the sorrows of Lord Crehylls he has borne a part and shared the suffering. Often he has hinted to me dimly that when all secrets are revealed, it will be known th¿t Lord Crehylls was not so guilty as the world supposed when he deserted his wife at Madeline Sylvester's command, With these words Grace Chagwynne's story ended. Alfred Singleton, listened intently to this history, which Grace told at intervals, taking it up like bro- ken threads while she sat at her knitting; and the boy, as he listened, fancied much of it had come to him long ago in dreams. Then, as the story grew and lengthened, there rosa in his mind indistinct words and shadows, through which the names of Carbis and Sherborne came to him, mingled with tears and sobs, and the prayers of a weary man. or, turning calmly, proudly away from MB own small, clinging hands, his memory recalled the pale, beautiful face of Madeline, tearless and un pitiful. " Did Lord Crehylls die at Naples P" he asked, fix- ing his wistful eyes on Grace. "Yes," she answered, glancing at him with a strange look; "and the name of the woman whose memory must have made his dying pillow bitter was Madeline." " Madeline !" repeated the boy, as his thin hands fell into bis lap in hopeless patience. " And through her Lady Crehylls loBt both husband and child ?" "Yes," returned Grace; "an only child, and a husband dearly loved. Through her, while they both lived, she was a widow and childless ; through her, when they died, she never smoothed their dy- ing pillow, never heard their lost words, never had their last kiss. Her boy perished in a foreign land, and her husband came back to her dead." Alfred Singleton heard this, and lifted bis stead- fast eyes to Grace's face. " I will not go to Penkivel," he said, gently ; " I think it would be cruel to go there. Michael Pol grain has loved Lord Crehylls like a true friend all his life-long ; I think he will be kind to me. I will go to sea with him, if be will take me." "»ever fear," returned Grace; he will take you, child, and be the truest friend that orphan ever had." Michael Polgrain, whose heart yearned strangely toward the frieudlees boy, was well conttnt when his sister made known to him the child's request. " I'll take him a voyage or two," be said, " for bis health's sake. The boy would die upon the land, that's plain." So, in a few days mare the little Alfred was far away upon the sea, saved from the cruel clutch of Mr. Whalley, and beyond the reach of the desperate search made for him by Madeline Singleton. 