. ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, JUNE ll, 1879. THERE is a good deal of novelty in the arrangement in some of the depart- mental Estimates for next year. Generally speaking much more real infor- mation is given than heretofore, although marks of compression are here and there noticeable. The array of foot notes which graces, or perhaps disfigures, many pages, is the most striking change, but these foot notes are valuable never- theless, as showing what the emoluments of public officers actually are. Schedule B, which provides the Ministers' and Judges' salaries, as well as the retiring allowances to decayed officers, continues to grow. The accessions number six officers who under the now repealed Civil Service Act will receive among them £618 a-year, bring the total amount of the schedule up to .£22,433. 1° schedule C, being the stipends of three ministers of reli- gion, secured under the State Aid Abolition Act, there now remain but two names, the Rev. John Mosely, of Ipswich, having died during the year. In schedule D, the amount of £6183 is still provided for thirteen non-vested schools, all Roman Catholic but one, Dundathu, which is unsectarian. ,£3000 is also provided for grammar schools as before, the projected ones at Rockhamp- ton and Maryborough being not yet in the position to claim the endowment. The endowment to municipalities, ,£24,000, and interest on Brisbane Bridge, ,£6062, are the 6ame as last year, but the marsupial endowment is increased from £2000 to £6000. This schedule includes a total of £45,245. The interest on the public debt is increased from ,£429,459 to ^476,851. Thus of the total expenditure of £1,057,000, no less than ,£.549,779 is now placed on schedules by virtue of special Acts, and is quite beyond the reach of the Committee of Supply. In the departments, " Executive and Legislative," comprising the expenses of the Governor and Legislature, the total is unaltered, or £14,583. The Colonial Secretary's estimates show a large reduction-from £'310,221 to £279,006. There is a saving of nearly £4000 under the head " Immi- gration "-independent, of course, of the saving on loan account-and ,£500 in the expenses of Police Magistrates and Clerks of Petty Sessions. The alteration in this part of the estimates is striking, no less than twenty-four explanatory notes being placed at the foot of the pages, and these show that the "pickings" of this class of officers from " contin- gencies" have been multiplying at a rate of which probably not even the Ministerial hands of departments were aware. In Police there is a heavy reduc- tion, the total number of persons to be employed being only 6G7 instead of 765. Three, or one-half the first-class inspec- tors, are to be abolished ; four, or one third the first-class sub-inspectors ; six, or one-fourth the second-class ditto; ten, or one-ninth the senior constables _: and ninety- five, or one-fourth, the con- stables. But against these, twenty supernumeraries are providedfor.bringing the numbers down by ninety-eight, and the expense down from £87,313 to £72,363, being a saving of £14,950. Charitable allowancesamount to £30,450 -an increase of £250. Small increases also appear in gaols and lunatic asylums, but the reception houses at Toowoomba and Ipswich are to be abolished. The Volunteer vote is reduced from .£15,842 to £10,345, and the grants to Schools of Arts, agricultural societies, etc., have disappeared al- together. This economical step is likely to cause a severe " ruction " when the 1 Estimates come on for discussion. The j expanse of Thursday Island is increased | from ,£1614 to ,£3515. but that is in consei'ucnce of thc sending up of a | cruiser which will fr"- more than save her | cost by collecting Customs revenue now ] unpaid. " Miscellaneous Services " also show a considerable reduction, chiefly in the expenses of elections. " Administration of Justice shows an increase of from ,£22,866 to .£23,598, in consequence of the increased allow- ances to jurors and the establishment of district courts at Tambo, Blackall, and Aramac. Under " Public Instruction " there is a slight decrease-.£113,823 instead of .£114,870, but there is no marked change in this department. The Colonial Treasurer provides for his own department £107,918, a saving of £3000, but this is accomplished by careful paring, and not by any important chance in the officers or establishments. "Public Lands" shows the large re- duction of £10,523, the total asked De'ng .£57,554. The number of officers dispensed with is fifteen out of a total of 153 ; and the principal savings are under the heads " Survey ol Land " and " Mis- cellaneous." In " Public Works " the cutting down has been very great, the total reduction being £'118,031. Ten persons are to be dispensed with in the Southern divi- sion, three in the Central, and two in the Northern. The votes for Southern roads are diminished by more than one half, the Central by barely one-half, and the Norihern by fully one-half. The greatest reduction is in East and West Moreton, where the amount set down is only ,£20,000, as against £52,760 last year. The Darling Downs roads, how- ever, are cut down by only a little more than one-third. But theTreasurerpromises in his financial statemen> to place an amount on the Loan Estimate wherewith to start the machinery of local govern- ment throughout the colony, so that thc total amount to be spent on roads will not be reduced. The " Buildings " vote is reduced from £43,155 to ,£9360. In the " Mines " twenty-seven persons are to be dispensed with, principally troopers ¿nd black trackers. But the wardens are reduced by three. These changes effect a saving of ,£4662, the entire cost of the department now being £16,254-. " Railways, as might be expected, show an increase of £10,470, their total cost for salaries and maintenance being £?165,784. The latter item shows the chief increase, ;£8ooo on the Southern I and £8000 on the Northern line. The number of persons employed, however, shows a reduction of forty-one on the Southern and twenty on the Central line, the decreases being principally in me- chanics in the workshops. The large sum set down for maintenance possibly means that much work will in future be done by contract which has hitherto been executed by the railway establish- ment, the Government workshops sys- tem being not only extravagant but also a menace to the State, and an unfair means of competition with private enter- prise. a¿ar. The Postgjgger-General's estimates evidence great changes. The twin departments are to be united, or, in colonial parlance, amalgamated. The Superintendent of Telegraphs is subor- dinated to the Under-secretary, and the Telegraph Inspectors are made "Inspec- tors of Postal and Telegraph Services." The entire estimate shows an increase of £1265, although, according to the Superintendent's report, the working of 600 miles of new line and several new stations has to be provided for. The total cost, of the Postal and Telegraph department for next year is set down at ,£179,730, not far from ,£1 per head of i the population of the colony. The salaries to be paid from Loan Fund amount to ,£35,655, a decrease of £7226. Seven officers in the London establishment are dispensed with, and eighteen in the Railway department, of whom fourteen are surveyors and draftsmen. These Estimates show that a strong effort at economy has been made in all the departments, and they explain the howl of execration which was raised a fortnight since at Brisbane in conse- quence of the dismissals. Now, how- ever, the Treasurer's statement proves the necessity of retrenchment, and also the inevitable consequence of persisting in prodigal expenditure. Had the Esti- mates been prepared on the last year's scale, it appears, the total amount required for the year would have been £1,820,419, while the anticipated revenue-which the Courier pronounces too sanguine-is only £1,658,000. The estimated deficit on 30th June next is ,£170,000. Without retrenchment and transfer of railway reserve funds, it would reach £332,000 at the end of the next financial year 1 W« wonder how much the colony would be able to borrow with a debit balance like that ? THE usual monthly licensing meeting was held at the Court House yesterday, before the Police Magistrate. The following applications were granted :- JameB Roberts, senior, general publican's license for the Prince of Wales Hotel, Quay-street ; Edward John Macdonald, country license for Mao's Hotel, Gracemere. The application from Henry Villiers Lawson for a country publican's liceusc for the Terminus Hotel, Westwood, was adjourned for a fortnight. YESTERDAY'S report from tho Surgeon of thc Scottish LOSBÍC was of a still more j favourable character than that of the previous 1 day, stating that the two patients were im- proving and that no symptoms of typhoid were apparent. Thc health of thc passengers was reported good. Dr. Salmond went down to the ship last night hy the Bunyip, and should lie find her condition as stated it is probable pratique will be granted, and thc Fitzroy despatched to bring up the immigrants. In this case, they will probably be brought up to-morrow. AN announcement is made through our ad- vertising columns by Mr. F. L. Barker, of Sydney, that thc Works of the Australian Meat Company will bc submitted for sale by public auction at the Chamber of Commerce, Sydney, on Thursday, thc 10th .Inly. Thc works are situated on the Urara Uiver, eight miles from Routh (ir.iftun : anil possess all necessary appliances for vorhin;; np fiMin forty to fifty head of cattle per diem, or an equiva- lent number of slice]!, and eau be ficen in full operation at any time. Tai Springsure Board for tbe des traction of marsupials notify by advertisement that, with the sanction of the Executive, they have raised the price for kangaroo and wallaroo scalps from aevenpenoe to ninepence. AN objection to the granting of a protection registration to Davidson and party for a portion of, the Alabama Beef, at the Crocodile Diggings, was lodged with the Gold Warden yesterday by John Dawe, on the ground that the party has abandoned the reef, the claim not proving payable. The hearing of the complaint is fixed for Saturday next. THE popular interest in the Ghost illusion continues ; there was a full house again last night, and the songs and other portions of the programme were, as usual, enthusiastically received. The singing of Miss Rose and Mr. Down is one of the most attractive features of -' the entertainment. THE sixty-eighth monthly meeting of the Rockhampton Building and Investment So- ciety No. 5, was held at the offioes of the Secretary (Mr. R. L. Dibdin) last night, Messrs. J. Headrick and J. Ferguson presid- ing as sitting directors. The subscriptions and interest received amounted to £154 16s. 3d. Four advance shares were sold at ten per cent. THERE was a fair houBe at the Theatre last night to witness the-second representation of "The Octoroon," which went off as successfully as on Monday evening. Considerable interest was manifested by the audience in the an- nouncement that at the end of the drama the performers would be presented to the audience in speotral form, a la Pepper's Ghost. The theatre being darkened the figures were re- presented, but owing to the small size of the stage, the effect produced was not striking. A few more experiments, however, will pro- bably perfect the arrangements. No doubt many of our readers will be in- terested in noticing that among our business visitors to Rockhampton this week, is a gen- tleman who travels, attended by one of the Society's Medical Referees, as special agent for the oldest and wealthiest of our Life Assur- ance institutions. The Rev. Mr. Turner, a well-known minister of the Wesleyan Church, Sydney and Melbourne, some three years ago, in consequence of partial failure of health, accepted an engagement to travel on behalf of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and it is with the view to increase its business that be is paying a short visit to Rockhamp- ton. No doubt many already assured will avail themselves of this opportunity to increase their present interest in the Society, and we shall be surprised if, ofter the lessons taught by the fluctuations of seasons and of business, a goodly number not now assured do not enter upon this simple, sure, and comforting plan of providing for later years, or for those who may be dependent on them. WE published on Monday the District Inspector's abridged reports of the Rock- hampton schools. An examination of the numbers on the roll in the various schools shows a total of 1095 children, and the highest number that attended at one inspection was 1455, or nearly 86 per cent of the pupils enrolled-a very satisfactory attendance indeed. The first paragraph of the Inspector's report in each case deals with the material condition of the school-house and appli- ances, and it is satisfactory to observe that in this respect the buildings are fairly fitted for the work for which they were intended. In only two instances ia it noted that the accommodation was insufficient for the numbers attending-the Central Girls School and the Allenstown School, and in both cases we believe the required additions have been made. The Inspector deals in the second paragraph with the state of the school records, the attendance, and punctuality ; and in these respects also the schools ocoupy a favourable position in tbe general -report. Judging from the frequent mention of the words " neatly kept," some credit seems to be allowed 'by the department to teachors who keep their records as thus desoribed ; but -doubtless the IuBpeotors see that scrupulousness in this respect is not carried to excess, aa it is good teachers more than good book-keepers that .«re required by the public. On the other hand, it will frequently be found that neatness in keeping the school records goeB hand in hand with an effective carrying out of the innumer- able details of school management. In the matter of punctuality each of the town schools is spoken of very favourably, and this one point may be taken as a very good general test of the efficiency of a school. Where children arc permitted to drop into school at any time up till eleven o'clock, with only a slight roprimand, or perhaps no notice whatever being taken of the matter, the conclusion may reasonably be drawn that looseness provaih in many other depart- ments of the school work. Such reports, therefore, as "very good," "good," "very fair " with regard to punctuality show that a correct idea of tho value of time is being taught to thc children, who feel it incumbent upon them to be present to the minute. In tho third paragraph of his report tho Inspector deals with thc examination passed by the pupils in thc various subjects taught ; and it must be borne in mind, in con- sidering these reports, fiat that officer confines himself mainly to pointing out defects. At a casual giant», it would seem that many of tho subjects, were not taught satisfactorily, and this is uo doubt true ; but very little or no comment is made on the work that is well done. Whether this proce- dure of fault-finding works to the general success of the system, is nn open question. It has boen tried now in this colony for years, with thc hope of removing the defects or re- ducing them to a minimum ; but each suc- ceeding report reveals s s great an array of deficiencies as ever. We. think the time has come when a change in t his respect might he made with advantage both to the teach- ing profession and to the efficiency of the schools. While many men have many minds, and while there is a diversity of gifts amongst teachers, some subjects will always be taught well, perhaps :to the partial neglect of others. It is hardly fair, therefore, to the teacher that the defects aro care- fully recorded, but that little or no credit is given for the excellence of some paiticular subject or subjects which natural gifts have better quali6ed him to teach. VUe are of opinion that if os great attention were given to finding out the strong parts of a sch ool os the weak, the public would have a more correct idea of the work performed, and they would certainly be disposed to place more confidence in the educational system. It is morctban questionable, also, whethercou'¡inned fault-finding is good for the wrnfr of the teachers. These are mere thoughts 1 ry thc way; meanwhile it is gratifying to fin i that our »dionis are conducted ably, and th «t our children are receiving the advauta gea. of a -goo.l education. TEK Government Gazette of May 31 contain! a notification to the effect that publican! are reminded that unióse the certificates granted at the annual licensing meeting of magistrates, together with the fee required to be paid in each case, are lodged in the Treasury on or before June 30, such certificates will become void. ' _ MBAT-rBESERVrNO AT MARYBOROUGH.-A largely-attended meeting of stockowners was held at the Custom House Hotel on Thursday evening (say the ifaryltoroagh Glironick of the 7th instant) for tho purpose of discussing what steps should be taken with the view of ascertaining the best means of disposing of the Burplns stock . to advantage. Several matters having been diaoussed, some preserved mutton, which had been exhibited at the Wide Bay and Burnett Pastoral and Agri- cultural Society's Show grounds that day, was shown to those present. The mutton in question had been killed on the 16th of May, and bad been preserved by* Mr. H. S. Hall, of Merada. It was the opinion of those present that beef in large quantities could be preserved in tbe same manner, and in order that an < experiment might be made, a subscription was raised in the room, Mr. Hall was asked and consented to undertake the experiment, and Mr. Monckton kindly promosed to assist him. Several of those present promised to supply Mr. Hall with bullocks and sheep for experimental purposes, and that gentleman stated that in order to show that the process was a good one, he would have the leg of mutton boiled at the show grounds of the following day. This was done yesterday, and those wno tested the meat describe it as excellent. We trust that now the matter has been takenup in the spirit which ought to have been done in the first ínstanos, it will prove a succesB. STEAMER FREIGHTS.-A meeting of mer- chants and others was held in the Town Hall, Maryborough, on the afternoon of 4th instant, further to consider the proper course of action to bc taken in the matter of freights. _ The Committee appointed to canvass the district for the purpose of ascertaining the probable amount of goods which could be shipped inwards or outwards by steamer, indepen- dently of the A.S.N. Co. or the M.S.S. Co. report that in each way they think there will be no difficulty in getting about 500 tons per month. Several matters were then discussed, and the following resolutions passed :-Pro- posed by Mr. W. F. Harrington, seconded by Mr. È. B. C. Corser,-" That the A.S.N. añd M.S.S. Co.'s be requested to reduce their existing tarriff of freight rates to 30s., 20s., and 10s. per ton dead weight from Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane respectively ; measure- ment to be 5s. per ton extra from Melbourne and Sydney, and 2a. Od. from Brisbane. That flour bo carried from Melbourne at 25s., and salt 27s. 6d. That the rate for wool hence to Sydney be 8s. per bale." "That a rate of freight to Maryborough for all goods specified on the schedule of the joint com- panies for April, 1870, be based on a rate of 78\. Od. per ton advance on those charged at Brisbane." It was also resolved that the same committee bc appointed to draw up a letter to the companies in question, embodying the above resolutions and to obtain .all the signa- tures to the document. The meeting then I dosed. -TT. B. Nam, June 7. 