CHAPTER XXXVIII. EB.EDEBICK GllBKNIinoOKE COMES TO OBIKF. When Lord Loveden arrived at the station, and found his two companions waiting for him, he was just in time for the train. It was no part of his character to do things in a hurry, or to run the risk of being too late, but there had been a stoppage in the street, and it was only by a dash at the end the driver reached the station before the signal for sterling. Lord Lovedon, therefore, after taking his ticket, and seeing that Mr. Parker and Mr. Mor* gan were there, sprang into the nearest carriage, without looking about him. The others got into a carriage lower down. Almost before he was seated, he heard himself addressed by name, and looking up, after placing his travelling bag under tho seat, he saw a young man in the opposite »mer, whom, after a moment's hésitation, he recognized as Frederick Qreenbrooke " Going down our way, my lord ?" Fred inquired " Yes, I am going to Cornwall," Lord Loveden re- plied. " Come on to Tregarvan, then ; the governor will be dussd glad to see you, It's an awfully slow place, but I intend to mend all that, you know." Lord Loveden could not help regarding the youth with an eye of compassionate was, no doubt, go- ing down under the impression that Tregarvan was now his father's property-going down to enact the part of heir to this fine estate. It seemed n strange coincidence that threw them together on the journey ' and Lord Loveden determined to take advantage of it to undeceive him, It was Fred who spoke again first, however. "I suppo*e you've heard that the old lady is dead?" he bogan. "A lucky chance for us she wasn't able to make a will, wasn't it ? And a lucky chance for me Bhe hopped the twig when she did, or there would have besn the duse to pay, and no mistake." " I am afraid you are deluding yourself with false hopes, Mr. Qreenbrooke," said Lord Loveden, com passion rather giving way under diegust. " Deluding myself ! How so ?" asked Fred, open- ing his little eyes wide with a frightened look. " Just this way-Mr. Qreenbrooke believes he in herits Tregarvan as next of kin to bis sister, Lady Tregarvan. But even if Lady Tregarvan had made a will, it could have been of no avail, as she was not the lawful proprietor, but bad only a right to claim a life annuity from the est ite." Young Greenbrooke turned livid as he listened to Lord Loveden's statement and seemed absolutely to shrink and grow smaller in his terror. Then he strove to recover himself. " It can't be true. You're a hoaxing me, my lord,'» he said, in a choking voice. " It is not my habit to jest," returned Lord Love- den, with calm dignity. " I tell 3 ou this to spare your going to Tregarvan under false impressions. I do not know how or when the will was made un- der which Lady Tregorvan took possession, but we bave in our bands Sir Jeffrey's real will, bearing a later date, and it is on behalf of the rightful heirs I am going down." There was something in Lord Loveden's manner that precluded all possibility of unbelief. Frederick Greenbrooke sat with his elbows on his knees, his hands thrust through his hair. He did not ask any further questions-he seemed stunned. At last, when the train stopped at a station, he look- ed up in a bewiUered sort of way, then, as an idea seemed to Btrike him, he made a dash at his travel- ing bag, seized his hat, and opening the carriage door, sprang out on the platform, Lord Loveden watched him as he looked about him, and then ran into the telegraph department. Lord Loveden Bmiled. " I did not give him credit for so much sense," be said to himself, " I am not sorry, whatever Froser and Parker may be." Another p&tsenger; got in, and Lord Loveden took refuge in his newspaper. Arrived at the 6tation nearest their destination, they procured a convey- ance to take them on to Tregarvan, Soon they came in sight of the cliff, and the old mansion stand- ing out dark against the gray sky. " That is Tregarvan Tower," laid the driver, point- ing with his whip, Thinking he wai speaking to strangers, he related the circumstances of Lady Tregarvan's death, and spoke of the unpopularity of the Greenbrookes in the neighborhood, " It's a shame that auch as they sheuld have got that fine old piece," he said. " None of the gentry will visit with them, and the son's a young scamp as will make ducks and drakes of old Sir Jeffrey's money." " Has Lady Tregarvan's body been found ?" Mr« Parker asked. The driver shook his head. J " No," he said. " If it bad been found there wot have been an inquest, and I should have been/C to have heard of it." / They were now winding up the cliff Jfe^L entrance gate. Lord Loveden dreaded^ ing interview with Eleanor Marston^ f ' of naturally reticent temperamen/ horror of any exhibition of -noj£n expected know what he might huveto£fore fte driyer i her and from Mr. Greentaf Parker epoke tQ It almost seemed «"&.colored young wo for the door was om^outte8jing behiud tbe had decendedfraf him, and nodd/7ennifer," he said, >« I told man, who jjrirry to run away," J gray-I yo« Lord Loveden was not surprised to'hear that Mr. Greenbrooke bad left borne. " Only that morning," Robert «aid. " Mrs. Green- brooke wiiB at home." It had been arranged that Mr. Morgan should go in first, »s the bearer of Mr. Frassr's letter respecting the will, and the formal notice of ejectment. While Robert showed him into the parlor to Mrs. Greenbrooke, Lord Loveden and Mr. Parker re- mained standing on the carriage drive, beside the rickety phaeton in which they had arrived. After giving, as trwy expected, Mr. MoTgan time enough to fulfil his mission, Lord Loveden followed in, Mr. Parker still remaining outside, He found Robert in the hall, the old servant leading him down a short passage, and opening a door, announced "Lord Loveden," Mrs, Greenbrooke was standing at the table, the papers before her. Her facs was livid to the vry lips, her heavy brows contracted over her deep-set, dark eyeB. Mr, Morgan stood opposite. "You have come on an agreeable errand, my lord," she said, in ber harsh voice, as he entered, «'You scarcely expect that we should withdraw our claims without a contest ?" "Mut remains with yourselves, madam," Lord Loveden replied, " But I leavo the rest to my so- licitor, My principal errand is to see Mrs. Marston, who I have reason to believe is unlawfully detained in this house." Mrs. Greenbrooke's face changed to a still more ghastly hue, but shs still stood firm and erect, un trembling. " So, my lord, you have been listening to the idle gossip about ghosts and goblins, I presumo. What reason have you for supposing I hold a prisoner in my houss P Eleanor Marston is not here." Her voice took a lower tone as she spoke these last words, and for a moment her eyes fell. " I cannot take your denial, madam," Lord Love- den replied, though at the same time his heart sank within him, as the idea struck hi>n that Mr. Green boroke might have carried ber off, "I must insist upon the house being searched." " Suppose I refuse to allow a search to be made P said Mrs. Greenbrooke. " That you cannot do, madam," answered Lord Loveden, Ihen turning to Mr. Morgan, he said: .' Desire Parker to produce his search warrant." For the first time Mrs, Greenbrooke gavo signs of agitation, but she immediately controlled herself. " Come then, and see her whom you seek," she said, taking a large key from a basket that stood beside her, She led the way from the room, up the broad, low stairs of old oak, and along a passage, at the end of which was the locked door. At a signal from Lord Loveden, Mr. Morgan also followed. Mrs, Green- brooke unlocked the door, and threw it open ; the passage continued beyond it, and at the end WOB another door. This Mrs. Greenbrooke also opened, still preceding them. It led into a moderate sized room with paneled walls, and quaint, old- fnsbioned furniture belonging to a bj'-gone age. M re. Greenbrooke did not le ive them much time to make observations. She opened another door at right-angles to the one by which they had gained admittance, and this time, standing back, she mo- tioned them to enter. This room was pervaded by the same gloom, that made it difficult at first to distinguish objects. Lord Loveden advanced into the chamber, at first uncer- tain of what he saw; but as the object on which his eyes rested became distinctly revealed, he uttered a low cry of herror, and turning, confronted Mrs. Greenbrooke, who, with countenance unchanged by remorse or pity, stood within the doorway. 