. CHAPTER XLIII. TEE CKKHYLLS MABK. Morning was breaking dimly, when' a shower of pebbles at her window roused Grace Chagwynne from her slumbers. " What's to do now, I wonder ?" she said to herself, as risiDg, she hurriedly threw on her gown and wont to the latticed casement. Two men stood below, with the gray light falling coldly on their upturned faces. At sight of them she grew pale, and waving her hand as though to bid them be silont, she went back softly and looked upon her sleeping husband. "Let him sleep on," she said to herself; "he'll know the grief soon enough." Then she stole down stairs, and opened the door with a shaking hand. '. Mother," said the foremost of the two men, " here Ibeagûn. Where's your welcome ?" "Many's the time you've worn out your welcome, Martin," returned Grace Chagwynne. "But come in, both of ye, ef so be ye haven't nauthin' with ye that would ruin the house that gives ye shelter." "Never fear, mother," returned Martin; "there isn't an anker ashore, and won't be while the nights are like this." The young man moved aside as he spoke, and Mrs. Chagwynne, for the first time, perceived his companion plainly. " What have ye got en your arms, Michael Pol grain ?" she cried, sharply. " Thee hasn't drowned a child, surely ?" " Hould thy tongue, mother," returned Martin. "The child is only in a deadneia." " I tell ye he's wet as a shag. He's been drawed out, of the water !" cried Grace, "But it was no human hand that put bim in,'» said the man she had called Michael Folgrain. ?'The boy have been in Dodman's Hole, and, as I am a living sinner, we found bim. Btretched upon the cross, where Mathew Carbis' body was found washed ashore." Grace drew back with a low cry, but her son pulled her forward again. " Take the child from him mother," he said, " ana get his wet things off, else he'll die sure enough, and then, maybe we shall get into trouble ? about him." Thus adjured, Mrs. Cbagwynne beckoned to the man to enter, and he then removed his coat, which he hnd wrapped around the boy, and laid him down on the settle by the hearth." " As sure as I'm alive," said Qrace, leaning over him, " this is the cbild that axed me the way to Cre hylls last market day was a week," "Crehyllsl" cried Michael Palgratn. "Yes, and heve got the Crebylls mnrk upon hiB face, I'm a doomed man from this day." "Thee'st been doomed st long while, Michael,' said Grace, dryly, glancing at his ashen cheeks a moment, as she continued to divest the child of his wet garments. Martin, this while, had fetched turf and furze, and a great bright fire soon blazed upon the hearth, Hearing all they said, as if in a dream, and yet too exhausted^ moxe or to speiik, little Alfred Sin gleton lay with closed «yes, so white and quiet that it was no wonder tha men still thought bim in a faint, or deadness, as they called it, and truly he could not tell himself when he at last heard their voices no more, as he dropped off gradually into a deep sleep. When he awoke, he found himself wrapped in blankets, lying on pillows by the fire. All was perfectly still. The little casement was wide open, and without the birds sang, and the sun shone brightly, the leaves waved to and fr.>, the shadows danced; and on the long sunbeams, which came glistening even to the very hearth, there wheeled and whirled a crowd of shining gnat's which seemed to bring upon their wings the fra- grance of June roses. On the hearth the kettle sang, the furze crackled, the burning turf glowed like clearest amber; and all theBe Eights and sounds brought with them a sense of rest and comfort, which wrapped tho child within an atmosphere of peace. Suddenly Grace came bustling to his side. " Drink this, child," she said, " Tis harb tea. It have done thee a world of good already." Alfred drink it, and fell «sleep again. " Cartis I tell ye-Mathew Cartis-him that was murdered !" These were the words that woke little Alfred, and starting up, he saw it was night again, and four people sat round the fire. These were Grace, the old farmer, her husband ; Martaio, her son ; and the man they called Michael Polgrain. It was upon this man that Alfred fixed his eyes, half in wonder half in fear. ni« face waa a ghastly white-the color of a dead man's ; his bands bad the same unearthly hue, hie eyes were haggard, and of so pale a blue, that the color and life seemed to have faded out of them, leaving them dead, yet not blind ; and over all his aspect there was the same indescribable want of light and life, given to his face and figure a blighted, deathly look past words to tell. It was be who was the speaker. "Mathew Cartis, I say," he repeated, and his shaking hand put his untasted glass upon the table, while his hollow ey es passed steadily from one face to the other of his hearers. " Well returned Farmer Chagwynne, " I don't say that such things can't be." " Cheer up, man !" cried young Martin, slapping Polgtaiu on the shoulder. "The sun was in your eyes when you must needs take a bnsh for a ghost," " The sun in my eyes !" returned Michael. " I tell ye I haven't seen the blessed sun these twenty years. No sunlight will ever daze my eyes again while I do live." Slowly he bent his head forward till his dead white face fell upon bis hands, and as he rested thus there was deep silence in tha room for the space of a full minute. During this while Alfred saw that Graee exchanged glances with her husband and her son, and a strange expression crossed the face of each. " Drink you toddy, Michael," said the farmer, in a pitying voice. " You'll feel better arter that." "There's no drink brewed that will better me, farmer, replied the miserable man. " I'm fit for my desp'rate trade now, and nothing else." " And a bad trade it is since the war is over," said old Chagwynne. " Martin, sonny, get out of it as quick as you can, afore you have ruined body an' soul." The farmer here lifted his glass to his lips, and tasted complacently the genuine Holland gin it con- tained. " I wonder you arn't ashamed of yourself," re- marked Grace, watching him. " I wouldn't touch sich liquor. Tis your son's life you are drinking." " Get out of it, father'," returned Martin. " That's mighty easy to say, but it isn't so easy to do. When a man is once in a trade like this, he can't leave it all at once." " But lince it don't pay now, sonny," observed the shrewd old farmer, it seems to me the trade will leave you some day." " Then we'll stay till it do," said Michael Polgrain with fierce energy. " Tie the only life for me. Upon the land I should have died long ago, I don't miss the sun so much upon the sea. I take the night watch moat always, and I'd bring the craft safe through shoals and breakers, or any other danger that lies beneath tha deeD. Upon the land I'm a poor, complaining body, gropiag through the pray light like a dead man coming home to a church-yard who has lost his grave." " Because you are engagsd in a dangerous business yourself, Michael," observed Grace Chagwjnne, sternly, *' do you think you had a right to lead away an only son into perdition ?" "Nonsense, mother !" said Martin, " there's no sin in smuggling. What's the harm in rolling a few kegs ashore now and then ?" At this moment Grace's glance fell upon the sick boy, and she Baw his eyes wide open, gazing eager- ly into the pallid face of Michael Polgrain. " Hush ?" she said j " there's the child awake and sensible. Are you hungry, my sonny boy ?" She gave him a basin of both, and while he ate it. the men questioned him, and heard all the tale he had to tell, " So you are the lad this ugly fellow in a yaller gig was prating about up at the half-way house?" eaid Martin. " Yes ; but you won't give me up to him f" pleaded Alfred, in terror. " Never fear," said Grace ; " we won't do that, my son." " But if you start to walk to Penkivel," said Michael, " the schoolmaster will have you, lad, sure as a gun." " No, he eha'n't," replied the farmer. " I'll drive him down to Penkivel myself in the cart." " Farmer, the boy won't be able to stand for a week and more, I tell ye," returned Polgrain ; " and in that time the schoolmaster will have him, and you and yours will be ruined right out." " What are you telling of, Michael ?" asked Martin. " I mean," whispered the smuggter, " that the boy has heard all our talk, and the best thing we can do is to take him for a cruise 'tong with us, till the noisa about his running away is quiet like, He'll be safe, and we'll be Safe too, then, and that's all l about it." i Seeing them whisper together, and deeming him- self the cause, Alfted aeked quietly if he could go to bed. " I can sleep anywhere," he said, " I won't trouble you much if I can help it." Michael Polgrain had said truly that the boy could not stand, and they had to carry him to the small, low-roofed chamber, where they laid him in a little bed ; and still feeling as though the long night walk, the eddying river, the shining cross, the strange talk that he had heard, and that pale mon with the death white face, were all a dream from which ha should awake when better, little Alfred slept again the deep sleep of painless exhaustion. 