EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual public meeting of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance was held in the Flinders-street, Presbyterian Lec- <*> ture Hall on Monday evening, June 16\. There was a very small attendance. The President of the Alliance, the Bey. J. Ltaxx, delivered the following address:—The objects for which this Evangelical Alliance exists are such as cannot fail to commend them selves to the sympathy of every Christian heart It is intended to give visibility to the unity which in reality exists among all the disciples of the Lord Jesus Christ, and to.afford them opportunities for mutual conference and for fellowship in devotion and in work. No such idea ever occurred to its founders as the organi zation of a new Church, separate from other existing Churches. That would only have added another rent to the already sufficiently torn robe of Christ's body. There are those who in ..their zeal for parity of doctrine and fellowship, and under the influence of a desire to promote Christian union, set up a Church of theirora, which soon becomes the most ex clusive and sectarian of all religious bodies. Bat the theory we seek to embody ia oar Alliance is that while the disciples of Christ may hold different views in regard to Church organization or administration they are really one in Him, and maj from time to time give fitting expression to that oneness ia united devotion and communion and in coucertel action in regard to matters of common interest. In our different Churches there are forma of government and modes of worship for which we have a conscientious aud very decided preference, things which have been handed down by our forefathers, and which are endeared to ourselves by niaay sacred aud tender assocations. But there are great and essential troths which are common to all Chris tians—those truths which relate to the central doctrine of redemption through the work of Christ—truths which are dearer far than all those other things in regard to which they differ from each other; and it is surely a good thing for those who are agreed on that central doc trine to step over the fences which separate them to take each other by the hand, to unite with each other in calling on the name'oftheircommon Lord, and to confer with each other as to matters which affect the welfare of the whole brother hood. It seems to ns that such ouioa &mi; diversities of opinion and form is a thing far better than any enforced uniformity which might be brought about by including aU Chris tians within the fold of one Church. Men cannot be compelled to think alike on questions |of Ohurch government and modes of worship. Even although they were all to belong to one ecclesiastical organization there would still be divergences of opinion, with the danger that the central authority might suppress the utte rance of individual «anf.^^ n t at the cost of no small damage to the cause of truth. Better it is surely that Christian men should give legiti mate expression to their matured convictions as to the teaching of Scripture on all questions than that there shonld be any unfaithfulness to the dictates of conscience, and what is believed to be the voice of God. At the same time it is deeply to be deplored when differences of opinion in regard to things which are non essential are allowed to interfere with mutual sympathy on the part of those who are agreed on truths which are fundamental and vital. Those who hold Jesus Christ to be the Son of God and the Head of the Church, who look to His mighty sacrifice as the foundation of their hopes, who regard faith in Him as the means of acceptance with God, a faith leading on to righteousness, purifying the heart and working by love—those who hold these doctrines and the other doctrines which are naturally connected with them have a bond of onion existing between them stronger far than that of any ecclesiastical organization, and can therefore well afford, and will find it to be for their ad vantage, to come over the dividing fence, and as occasion may serve to cheer each other aud take counsel as to the Master's cause. They are really one in Christ Jesus. We kail as brethren all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, although they speak different tongues and observe different forms, and in subordinate matters entertain different opinions from our selves. Unity in diversity is the prevailing feature in the natural world, and unity in diversity seems to be that which is bast fitt;J for the constitution of the human mind and for the present state of the Church and of ths world. Everywhere in nature there is diversity. What endless variety we observe for example in the vegetable world. The number lof genera and species in tree and plant audfbver jis almost countless, yet there are great general laws pervading the whole which resolve them into a wondrous unity; and in like manner in the spiritual world, both in the case of different Churches and of individual Christians, there are diversities of operations, bat the one all- per vading spirit. Genuine believers in Christ are far nearer each other in point of sentiment than might appear from judging from the respective Churches to which they belong. Get a number of Christians to meet together to call upon the name of the Lord, and we are bold to amy that though attached to different ecclesiastical organizations it would be difficult to tell to which each belongs. Episoopalian,Presbyterian. Methodist, Congregationalist, Baptist, will in prayer drop their distinctive peculiarities and appear before God as one in Christ Jesus. A beautiful illustration of what we mean isaSorded by the hymn books which are in use in the various Churches. The writers of oar hymns have lived in different lands and ages. They were separated from each other in some instances by their theological beliefs and by personal difference*, yet they have bequeathed to the universal Church a legacy of inestimable worth, a legacy in which we recognise a wonderful unity of sentimentand aim, notwithstanding the known diversities which prevailed among them. In oar various Churches we freely use and greatly prize as the vehicles of our devotional feelings the hymns of Ambrose and Bernard and F*ber, of Waits and Wesley and Toplady, of Dod dridge and Newton and Cowper, of Keble and Lyte and Bonar, and a host of others. These writers belong to branches of the Church dif fering widely from each other, and in the beautiful harmony of spirit and feeling which pervades their compositions we have a fine example of that principle of unity in diversity which lies at the foundation of this Alliance. The ad vantages arising from intercourse between Christians belooging to different sections of the Church are so apparent that they hardly need to be dilated noon. Bat perhaps I may be pardoned if in the fewest possible words I point out one or two of them. There are ho two Christian men exactly alike in all respect* While agreeing in looking to Jesus Christ alone as the foundation of their hope and in loving him supremely, they may differ widely in the way in which they look at certain truths. One, for example, looks at God's dealings with men mainly from the divine aide. He goes back to God's purpose of grace formed from aU eternity, and he looks upon all that has been done in time. The manifestation and death of His Son, the calling of men into His kingdom, their justifi cation, their eanctification, and their ultimate glorification as but an nf?ftifr?ng of that eternal purpose ; and hence he stands up tor and dwells chiefly upon the doc trine of predestination. Another Christian looks at the same things principally from the human eide. He dwells upon the duty of com plying with the Gospel calls, upon the necessity and importance of faith and its blessed results; and he stands up chiefly for the doctrine of human responsibility and free will. These two men, both resting on Christ alone and loving Him supremely, are apt to look upon each other as if they were in a state of antagonism, and per haps through the infirmity of their flesh they tail to give each other credit for sincerity in holding their respective views. Now we believe that both are correct, and that they are looking at the same thing from sides, each of them seeing only a part of the truth. If they could only see the whole they would learn to exercise greater forbearance and charity towards each cither. In this imperfect Etate we cannot expect that all Christians will be able to see eye to eye. Now we see through a glass darkly, and we know only in part. Beside truth is many-sided, and there are par ticular aspects of it which present themselves to different minds according to their particular susceptibilities and habits. You observe this principle illustrated in the case of the Gospel narratives. Four men undertake to give an account of the life and labors of their Lord and Saviour, yet there are peculiarities which dis tinguish each of the four from aU the others. Notice the difference for example between Matthew and John. Matthew's Gospel is a plain circumstantial narrative of miracle and parable with an account of some of our Lord's discourses: while John chiefly records those disourses which went more deeply into the profound mysteries of the kingdom. Each one records that which had laid hold of his own mind, yet we find that their narratives taken together give us a consistent account of the life and labors, the teachings'and the sufferings of our blessed Lord, and our knowledge of Him would be incomplete if any one of tile four were want ing. Kow we say that one great advantage to be derived from such fellowship as this Alliance is designed to afford is that Christians may learn to have greater sympathy with each other's view of divine truth, they may get better to understand each other's way of looking at things, and while the particular view of each may become somewhat modified it will be to the decided benefit of all. Each one may learn to ' feel that the view held by his brother ia foundei on some aspect of truth to which he himself has not given sufficient prominence.and his own opinions may be corrected by comparison with those of the other. It has often been found as a matter of fact that love in the heart has become light in the intellect. Farther, there are things in regard to which all Christians may be expected to feel a common interest, things affecting the welfare of their Master's cause; questions as to the best mode of adapting the Church's work to the special circumstances in which they ate placed, questions in which no one denomi nation is specially interested, but which pertain to the efficiency and prosperity of all. To every man worthy of the name of Christain the pros perity of the Bavieur's cause aa a whole ought to be dearer by far than the interests of the particular section of the Ohurch to which he belongs. It is perfectly compatible in our opinion with a decided attachment to one's own Ohurch to take a generous outlook upon the condition of other Churches, and to be ready to suggest to them what may be of advan tage to them as well as to ourselves. We pity those Christian* whose sympathies are contracted within the narrow limits of their own congrega tion or party, and who cannot look beyond them selves to the welfare of the general brotherhood. We have we trust not so learned Christ. W cordially welcome as our brethren all who lor the Lord Jesus. We regard the welfare of all Evangelical Churches as dear to us, aud we con sider this Alliance affords us an excellent plat form on which we may meet to confer tvitheatsa other ou matters touching our common interests. We could have wished that during the pait we had attained this object more fully th*u we have done. It would, we imagine, be a benefit to all our Churches if ministers and office bearers and members were to assemble from time to time to consider whether we are exerting that influence upon the community which we ought to exert, how far the great objects for which theChorchexistsare being accomplished, what are the hindrances to greater success arising from the state of the community and from the state of the Churches, and to pray that the blessing from on high may descend upon us more abundantly. Bach conferenoee as these, if conducted wisely and faithfully and affec tionately, might be of the greatest service to as all, and we venture to suggest that henoeforth they shonld be held more frequently than they have been. It may be allowable if before retir ing from the President's chair I venture to say a word or two on the state of religion in this land. I do not hesitate to say that ia my opinion the cause of godliness is not in that prosperous condition which we might have hoped and expected. No doubt there is a gratifying amount of active Christian effort. There are few places in the land which are not abundantly supplied with the ordinances of religion in one form or another. Iv various de partments the Churches are working casloutly to instruct the young, to promote the edification and aanctificatura of their member*, to gather in the wanderers, and to save the perishing. Yet it may be questioned if with all this seal and effort there is all the pray erf olness, all die consecration of spirit which arc essential condi tions of success. If one may judge from the at tendance at the prayer-meetings in oar respec tive congregations and at those of a more public | character, there is not that enthusiasm in devo tion and that faith in the power of prayer which we have been privileged to witness elsewhere, and which has sometimes in the past been wit nessed among ourselves. May there not be a danger of oar engaging in Christian effort in a mechanical sort of way, and not realising suffi ciently oar dependence upon the power of the Spirit of God ? We all of course hold the doc trine of the necessity of spiritual influence m order to true success; but it is one thing to hold the doutrine as a part of our creed and another thing to hare our minds thoroughly imbued with it, to as to give practical expres sion to it. No matter how perfect ou - machinery may be we shall in vain look for trya and enduring spiritual results unless, realising our dependence upon the ageaey of the Uil: Ghost, we stir ourselves up to call upou Gjd Indeed there is a danger, we often think, of there being too much in the way of jnicMnejry amorg us. We have spoken of the abuulmt proviiion made in all parts of the colony far the maintenance of public worship, and iw li&ve; long though? that t*uch provision i* in ind instances by far too abwd&nt.; Iv many pl*e?* there are two homes of prayer where oue would be sufficient. We know more thin one town ship in which there are fix or seven places of worship where three would be ample. The effect of overchurehing a small community is. we believe, injurious to the interests of true religion. It causes the services of the wnrtnary to be undervalued; it is apt to awaken a feel ing of unhealthy rivalry between the congregations; it offers encouragement to persons to leave one congregation and go to another on insufficient grounds, and it causes some of them, if not all, to lead a struggling existence. The effect of this state of things upon our supply of ministers is most unfavorable. Voting men of intelligence and energy can hardly be expected to devote themselves to the work of the ministry ia any number when they observe that they most lay their account not only with an exceedingly limited income, but also with a continual struggle to maintain their ground in the midst of active competitors. Aud why should it be so when there are such earnest calls being ad drested to the Churches to send men to the heathen field? We verily believe the interests of religion would not suffer, but on the contrary would be greatly promoted, if a considerable proportion of the places of worship in over churched districts were closed, and the men who have to struggle amid great discouragement to maintain the interests of the denomination tLey represent were set at liberty to go to ather fields where they are more needed, and where it may be Christ is not preached at aIL It is of court* very difficult where Churches alrealy exist to find a remedy; but in planting new caufes it would be well that the different reli gious bodies shonld look on the things of otbers as well as their own, and should exercise suf ficient self-restraint, and sufficient love for Christ's cause in the widest sense to lead them to decide cot to establish a new cause where other Churches arc already in possatsion of the Geld, and are working it to the best of their ability. Dae allowance must of course be male for those religious bodies which feel that the particular views cf truth they represent arc of each importance that all other considerations must give way to their loyalty to the truth; but where there is little difference in doctrin and mode of working between Churches it would be an economy of men and means, would save much unpleasant feeling, and would in many ways help to strengthen the cause of religion, if two or more congregations were not estab lished where one would suffice. Beverting to the state of religion among us, we repeat our conviction that it is very far from being in that prosperous condition which we could desire. There is a lack of that interest in meetings for devotion and for practical Christian work whiob one would expect in a healthier state of the Church. The number of laborers who will en dure self- denial in doing Christian work is very limited. The chums of business are engrossing; the competition in trade is keen; the attractions of pleasure are numerous and powerful. We have been blessed for a considerable time with a large amount of prosperity,and it is only very recently that the community has begun to ex perience stiaitoesE. It is to be feared that material comfort and luxury have told inju riously upon the spiritual life of many, that we have Left the simplicity of an earlier period and are now more taken up with varied forms of pleasure and luxury. There is one evil to which we most refer in passing—an evil which we fear hasforsometimebeenontheincreate. We mean the habit of luxurious drinking. We do not speak of drankenness,but of the free and frequent use of strong drink. We do not here advocate the principle of entire abstinence from wine, but we do say that it is an unsafe thing for any man to get into the habit of frequently partaking of strong driak daring the course of the day, and of closing its labors with a heavy dinner, accom panied by a liberal supply of wine. We speak not now of the injury which such habits inflict upon the physical health, but we maintain that they must operate injuriously upon one's per ceptions of truth and duty and with the spirit of devotion and Christian zeal. Self-denial is essential to the vitality of the Christian life and to earnestness and energy in the serrice of our Lord. We need to watch continually—to watch onto prayer—if we would maintain anything like spirituality of mind and achieve any great usefulness in our day and gene ration. There are grand possibilities open to us; we have the grand old Gosjel to proclaim—old yet ever sew in its saving efficiency—a Gospel perfectly, divinely adopted to the wants of the human soul. We have the promise of power from on high to make the message of the Gospel effectual for the production of the highest spiritual results. We ought for the sake of others as well as for our own sakes to arisa and put on strength to shake off everything that impairs our spiritual energy, and to go forth anew to earnest work in the strength of our divine Lord. There is much work to be done. Various forms of evil are rife among as. Irre ligion, ungodliness, wickedness abound on every hand. There are multitudes who are lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Worldliness is creeping in upon the Church. It would be a most health ful thing for our own spiritual life, if with en thusiasm and energy we were each in his own sphere to consider how we may best serve oar fellows and advance the cause of our Master. The best corrective to the spirit of self-indul gence which is apt to eat out the vitality of the spiritual life is to take an interest in others, and with wisdom, patience, and energy to labor for their good. Oar opportunities for labor are gradually being abridged. Our day is fast passing away, and we do well to work as under the shadow of an impending night. The work may be toilsome, and may often have to be carried on amid many discouragements, bat if we are faithful to oar Lord we shall receive a. vast : overpayment, when with His own gracious voice He shall'say to us " Well done, good and faithful servants, enter into the joy of your Lord." Tbe Secektaey to the Alliance (the Bey. J. McEwin) read the annual report as follows: — "The history of the Alliance during the past year has not been characterised by any public movement such as has marked it in times past. Nevertheless the Society has done a quiet work, and has j ratified its existence. The recent visit of Mr. Henry Varley, and the long series of evangelistic services which were then held, and the subsequent prayer-meetings which were maintained until nearly the middle of last sum mer, and recently the visit and work of Pastor Chiniquy, have made it unnecessary that the Alliance should arrange for any pablic services of an evangelistic character. And, further, the Young Men's Christian Association, which during the past year has been so successfully established in Adelaide, will, we should hope, so effectually discharge this branch of service that further arr.ingainenta of this character on the part of the Alliance will sot be needed. The annual meetings of hut year were held iv Pirie-etreet Lecture Hall, on the 15th of July. The retiring President (the Rev S. Kuigbt) delived au address on the social and religions condition of the city, after which the Rev. J. Lyall was installed as President. The reports for the year were read, officers and Committee were appointed, andjaddresses were delivered by tbe Beys. B. SI. Hunter and J. C. MacMicbael. The United Communion Service was held in Chalmers Church on 17th July, The Bey. J. Lyall, the President, presided, and an address was delivered by Mr. H. Varley. Owing to tbe wet evening the attendance was not laige. The Committee suggested to the Churches that Sunday, 16th February, should be observed as a day of thanks giving for the harvest, which was oomplied with very generally throughout the country. In consequence of the long-continued drought and the suffering caused by the scarcity of water in many parti of the colony, the Alliance invited the Churches to unite on Sunday and Monday, 27th and 28th April, in prayer for rain. It is not withont significance that on Saturday, the 20th, rain fell, and on Monday, 28th, and following days there was a copious downpour, completely breaking up the drought and saving the country. There is still work for the Alliance to accomplish as a rallying centre for the Churches and as a medium ot union aud intercourse between the ministers and people of the different denominations." The financial statement, as read by the Trea surer (Mr. J. J. Stuckey, MJL ), showed a credit balance of £15 16a. 5d., including a balance in the Savings Bank from last year of £8 lTs. Sd. The Bey. R. S. Caselt moved that tbe fol lowing gentlemen be the office-bearers and Committee for the ensuing year:—President, Bet. H. J. Lambert; Secretary, Bey. John McEwin; Treasurer, J. J.Stacker, M.A.; Com mittee, Hey*. J. Lyall, S. Knight, L. G. Carter. 3\. Henderson, W. K. Fletcher, M.A., D. Paton, M.A., 8.D., Thomas Lloyd. M. J. Birks, O, H. Goldsmith, It. M. Hunter, O. Copland, J. G. Wright, B. 6. Oasely, J. Foster, H. Morgan, Messrs. G. Hanoe, T. W. Harris, T. S. Carey, A. (>. Chambers, and B. Berry, with power 11 add to their number. Mr. Oasely referred in complin.cnt&ry; terms to the practical address tlu.t had be.en delivered by the President, and fib rrvid that he was of opinion that the Alliance should become even more rfjiecentative in its character than it was nt present by the admission of gentle-n-u frcm country Churche*, such as from an>l Knpmirfa and other u>wnn. It was well tb:;t tiie causrs of spiritual weakue-n iv the Churches should be laM bare, as had been done in the address. One great object contemplated by the Alliance was the promotion of a haalthy Christiau senti ment in the community. As Christinas tb«y tad not yet advanced so far that they co'.iM discard sentiment, and if the Alliance fulfilled no other object its existence was justifiable on this ground. Mr. Cascly referred at leugtb to the various enures that were acting prejudi cially sgainst church life, and dealt injr<> par ticularly with the prevalence of Sunday pleature-seeking, although he was of opinion tbat a latitude was allowable in what was called Sabbath observance. The Kcv. J. Hkndkrsoh seconded the motion, and after describing the objecta for which the Alliance existed, expressed the hope that it would Dot allow itself to be poshed aside by any organisation that might spring up collateral with it. Tbe motion was carried. Tbe Chaieuajt for the ensuing year, the Rer. J. H. Lambert, then took the presidential chair, and thanked the meeting and the members of the Alliance for placing him in tbat position. He briefly referred to the various divisions into which the Christian Ohurch was divided, and characterised that state of things as being especially favorable for the development and performance of the various obligations laid on tbe Church by its great Head. They were all brethren, and in their Church differences there was unity, in divergence, as they were banded together for mutual help and sympathy. The need of this unity was becoming increasingly manifest, as on all sides the Church was being assailed by foes—on one hand by infidelity in all its insidious forms, and on the other by that Church which professed to be built up on the foundation of Christ and the Apostles, but which really was only an edifice of " hay and stubble," and substituted the commandments of men fur the word of God, With the impartanoe ot their work weighing upon them they should be np and doing, and not wasting time in idle disputations. The benediction brought the meeting to a close. _____^__^^__ 