j OUR BRISBANE LETTEB. from our own correspondent. ! i ; I October 24. . WE are a thorough going lot of people, wo "".-.-fe tflr i Mm" wo: tako a-rthing.ihto our heads, carry itTlironghind ntfmistoko'.. The other day one- of our big drapery firms suddenly discovered, .that, they were destroy ing tlioir employ ees' body and soul by keeping opon their establishments until ten o'clock on Saturday ovemngs, arid tlioy propose to close at nmo. Now it is possible you aro not aware what a Saturday! night in Brisbane means. I will try to enlighten you. From Sunday to Friduy.night our, metropolis— big Vsj '.d ; howlingi ;wildprness ifler dark) oceptiih . tlio immedbto; nejglibOrhp'pd; of tho 'p'uulic liodics. Oh tho Einturday even- ing all is hlnzo .and , brilliancy, nnd, tho working ; mail'/' and 1 "his' Bisters, and his cousins, and his aunts" make up parties to seo the bIiow, and it -has hithorto been sup- . posed that tho bIiow paid tho showmen pietty .well ; , hut I-. suppose tlio had times havo i " changed; all that, '.'.-as the French say. At anyrato; a meeting of drapers was hold to day,: at which it wa3 ' decided- to closo their tcmpleg of. Wvplity-nt six -o'clock on Satur, days ' If this does not produce an cartliqake I don't know what will. Why we might just as nvelj, - begging- your ' pardon; bo' in St.' Goorge. The employees, as they 'liko to bo called, are jubilant in tho cxtrcmo. I hope tlioy will not seo a day of - reckoniug. There is tho awful possibility that tho drapers will reward virtue by cutting down., tho salaries — no, wages is, I bclicvo the' word— as a set- off against lotting them-, off an bourn, or,.,two earlier ontho Saturday.- 'But tlidrifybii' keo wo can't have big reforms without soipohody going to tho wall ' ;Tho parsons have been rather lowering themselves. Headed by 'thoir bishops, thov have boen going, cap in .had, to the Minister for W nr tfsfja.1 .q.lrU;imito ifIoiisiderilidc- "cision as to cheap fares to clerics. Tlio clergy don't Bee any good in -having- a five pound annual ticket which binds tliem to their own districts. Why some of thom are debarred altogether from using' the railway by such an arrangement. What is tho use, for instance, of tolling the Church of England Minister'in' Fortitude Valley that lie may have a five pound annual railway ticket available in his own district J Why, he hasn't even the ghost of a privato tramway in his district, and the offer is only a materialized Tantalus Cup. What tlio clergy want is tho right to travel at half fares iu any direction that the iron horse travels, and I don't .think .the de mand is air; "oci>rljjtahf diie-4-that is, granting the principle that parsons should have privil eges not enjoyed by. tlio unsaved... y -r- I pupposotjon- and .your readersTtnpw:some->' thing; itelegpajihicaliyj-bf that tea service 'that' was presented last baturday to tho Superin tendent of Telegraphs, Sir.. Cracknel), Never did a serpent lurk 'amdrigst' ''flowers with more baleful effect than did tho sentiment — or sometliiug else — that accompanied this gift. It was liko tlio dona fe> entes of tlio liau'ftidf — it was brimful of danger. It almost seems as, though, fheylpngra wanted %tii slato tlra'fe'c-ipioiit:' Tlfe"'Po8tiiia«b£(3enernl doesn't believe in tcatinionialfron juniors to; senfai!,g&wfimf;,'jileprwiitnraihe 8CemB to hdve n' sort of an idea: that;, there may be a soupcon of cooi-cipn, or bribery and nnwiitifii rt ni< whfltnvftF nleis l'f'mau liOiri'nlln' in the thing; and when tlie idea was mooted ho set his, face against, it. '. But it waa piiiutetl out to him that tho toa- service was . bought and paid for, and that, moreover, the Superin tendent of TelOgrapliS'liad 'been granted six months' leave of, 'absence.. This tickled the weak side of our P.5:5G;, and/with a sigh at his. weakness, Mr. , Buznc<;tt .gave; way. .in; haste only ti repent'nt'lemnro.' , The .-.presen- tutiou took plu'co and it ivas oceompanied by an | elaborate address, stating that tho gift was to celebrate tlio removal of the head office to Queon-street That fetched Mr. Buzacottj you/hots /-..Whylthat'Avas'-tho' very- ground, on wl ijli lio hnd ' refused "hia' pefmis: sion in I'the'' first ihsfarico. -:i'Thb donors had. drawn up an address in the first instance, and it was too much troublo to alter it to fit altered circumstances; however, the thing whs done and tho champaena drunk, and nothing remained for the P. G. but to make a mild protest as regards tho future. He won't sanction any more presentations from juniors to Bcniors in his department ; and, mind you, there are people.. who hack him up in thin. There aro old fnshionod peoplo who regard this sort of testimonializing as likely to degenerate into black-moiling, although in the rase in point I don't honestly jbelieve that tho idea npplies. 0 i I \f -J AVo have been hv&ting-to; see a jtulgnient fall upon Mr. Mncrossan's head for starling those Sunday trains, but somehow it don't 4a1). Possibly Providence is slumboriiig, or else the D — 1 stands Mr.M/s frierjd. sj I think the last byqioWiesis'iflt'ghlf.odeiidr why does the ' Suuday "traflio keep on in creasing. ;.e.5HZ iS 4? 1422 3 (5<?V( I sujiposo the" most popular parson in Bris bane (the subject is suggested by Sunday traius) is the Reverend Thomas Jones. Mr. Jones has been enjoying a well-earned holiday in tho old world, and bis return has been tlio signal for sueli a thorough evidence of good feeling that some publio compliment became inevitable. Tbo Welcomo Committee turned over in their minds tlio kind of entertainment whereby tboy could best allow -tlio" public /to evuico their pleasure at tho return of .their beloved pastor. ' They had (i .banquet,'; a; din ner, a supper, a ten, a lunch,' and a breakfast from which to , choose, .but jtbey .ntnst needs go. and pitch upoii'a conversazione— a conver sazione, forsooth, why there, is , not ono in a hundred of. us .wlio 'kiVowa ,how, .tq,; pronounce tho wjrd,, ,ii wss only the .other may that I board a benighted.Brisbaneito.Ciill it a " con-| vcrsation;" however, as tlio " cohversatiori"' will embrace plenty qf .refreshments, j iay0 iio donbt:'tl'tf'.',t;;ji>rtn!iiinent'.wU riot ho carped at. , . AVe are enjoying a dramatic treat justnow. Our barn is oeenpted «vsu»t«fln» worthy of tho name. Mr. Crcsswick lias hit us and no mistake, and it is'to btfr 'credit ho has done so, for he is an actor the like' of whom wo have never seen here. I remember him in London years ago, "and: it is a great 'deal to say of him that, notwithstanding his increased ago, die is/groaily. iniproved.' ' He fs one of those rare actora wlio nover believes hTlnis learned mough. - ''"His1 Ring Lear has beei a life-study with him, yet I know some amateurs who will get you up the character young men 11 l3 a comfort to. feel that theionro peoplo who can. recbgiiiao a good tlnng-.when they seo lit The5 thdaflri1 has beon filtcd'eyerMrico Mr. OrMSwick eoriH menced. mByMm way; that Hsirig' club, 'the Johnsonianp 'gavo 'the old ."SrirVy" 'act'dr a' supper the other'riighb/arid a -very 'enjoyable aflair lt.appears'to have been. / — 