W>nk$ Mïd SfMát*. BARNABY' PASS. (Concluded.) '.'THEY aro thc most outlandish-looking people I over saw," announced Mrs. Kay, every time Josepha came home from school. "The women have their funny yellow hair braided in tight but most elaborate little braids at the backs of their hoad, and they carry their sunbonnets on their arms. They have narrow- skirted bine gowns, hanging straight down, and such figures !" "As Nature made them, I suppose, mother." " No, she did not ; but long generations of wooden ancestors did, perhaps. They arc just like the wives of Shem, Hain, and Japheth in the toy arks. " I should like to Bee them and their camp, " said the girl, after a moment. Then she laughed, and added, "I might go in thc old stage, and bc a solitary passenger arriving at last from somewhere, like o novel," "Do not dream of anything of thc kind," ?aid Mrs. Kay. " Although there is no church here, wc will remain good church people, I hope, and have nothing to do with strange religions." " I was only joking, mother." "I did not know you ever joked." " I do 'not-often ; but when nothing else happens-" "Happens !" said Sfrs. Kay, impatiently " happens ! Nothing ever happens here, or ever will." Bat something did happen. In spite ot tho camping people, numbering now some hundreds nt the gathering- place, the old stage went by every day empty ; tho little driver, however, wore an expectant air, and he hod fastened two blue rosettes, on thc leaders' heads, which ornaments, nevertheless, had np effect upon the settled dejection of their long horse-countenances. One after- noon the stage was late. As tts rattling : wheels had not disturbed her, Josepha, for- getting thc flight of time, had sat on her crag in a reverie until after sunset ; she now hurried down into thc road. It was more than twilight down there, almost darkness ; a thousand glow worms were out in thc dusky air. She walked rapidly ; she was not afraid; but she knew her step- mother would bc full of alarm. Presently she heard a rattling sound. The stage was behind her; it drew nearer. She stepped aside quietly, and it palled. Then, in a moment or two, there was . crash, and a sudden "whoa!" It had broken down. She came up and spoke ; she tros obliged to make her presence known, so that in the darkness and on thc narrow road thev might not drive over her. "No danger," said the driver. "She's*! broken clean down. You ain't got a match, " have you ?" Josepha had not, ' " You can come as far as our house and get a lantern," Bhe sug- gested. "I can't leave my passengers," replied thc little man, importantly. " I'm responsible for 'em and their luggage to the company." "To Scrannel Swan, you mean," said Josepha, laughing, entirely incredulous as to the passengers. But a new voice spoke at this moment, and startled her into silence. "Driver," it said, "can the stage go on or nott" "Mebbe not this one ; but another will go, of course, in its place," replied the driver, in a finely assumed tone of careless certainty, I shall have to go back, though." " Where tot" The driver was vogue in his answer. The stables of Scrannel Swan were not prolific of coaches. Still, he thought be remembered an old red waggon standing there, and his plan was to walk back with the horses, six miles, and get it, "In the mean time you will have to wait until I come along," he said, "and this lady's bouse is the nearest. "I could not think of intruding," answered the voice. But it was climbing ont of the wrecked coach all the same, was on the ground, was looking around, was making out the figure at the side of the road, was approaching it, was taking off bis bat, was speaking one or two polite generalities, and waiting to hear the accents in reply. "You can wait at our house, if you like," said Josepha, answering. "As the driver says, it is the nearest. We will all walk there together." So, after a few moments, they started, Josepha, the stanger, and thc driver on aline, the latter leading one of his horses, with the other three following in thc darkness, and chittering over the rocky road in a way that would have frightened a nervous woman. Tile stranger said as much. "But I am not nervous," replied Miss Kay, They were about a mile from the entrance of thc Pass, and it was a queer walk. Con- versation was kept up by the stranger, but Josepha did not say much ; she listened, however. And she mixed his words strangely with the subtle influence of the darkness and the looming cliffs. She was too unconven- tional to care what he would think of her being so far from home at that hour. It was an accident ; it had never occurred before, and would never occur again, Of what con- sequence was it ? But if she did not consider, her step-mother sonsidered for her. Alarmed at her absence, Mrs. Kay was on the point of venturing into the Pass herself, preceded by old Judy, who acted as maid-of-all-work, carrying a coal-oil lamp, and by Judy's grandson, " Beverley," a scampish little black of ten years, who carried a untern, Mrs. Kay herself had a candle, and holding np her skirts with the other hand, she was coming out of the gate with gingerly Ïeps. Judy was already iu the road, thc mp'B light naring on her white turban, and Beverley was turning a few summersaults in advance, the lantern on his toes, when thc clatter of horses' hoofs was heard, and in another moment thc driver's flapping hat, thc head of one horse, Josepha's^ face, and thc stranger's, came into the circle of radiance. The stranger bowed ; he was well dressed ; be had the air of a gentleman. These three facts Mrs. Kay took in at a glance. A slight Bush rose in ber thin cheeks, her lifted skirts were Ismootbly falling in an instant ; abc heard the explanations graciously, and led thc way to thc house. Thc driver was gone with his horses, Judy had retired, a meaning glance from her mistress fixed in her quick intelligence, the stranger was seated, and Mrs. Kay was entertaining him, all in another live minutes. Josepha was seated too. Her dress was damp with dow of thc Pass, her heavy hair somewhat disordered ; she was tired, and did not concern herself at all about her attitudes. Her step-mother knew this with- out looking, and sat with double grace to make up for it. After a while old Judy served a delicious Southern supper in the little dining-room, at a wild expense of the whole .reek's stores-, but never mind. She had understood her mistress's eye. The stranger noticed everything without apparent observa- tion. Mrs. Kay was too well bred to allude to former prosperity, but its ghost lurked in .very intonation of her voice, in every motion of her delicate withered hands. It was all a plain story-tho cottage, the parlour, and herself. But this tall, unlike daughter ? Sh« understood the incongruity, and took occasion to say, with a loud sigh, when the girl wai not in thc room. ".Josepha is only my step-daughter." " Ali, « hen you called her daughter, I thought that it was impossible you could have a child of that agc," replied thc stranger. He had told his name immediately, Martin Gage, and his residence, New York. But he said nothing further. About ten o'clock, when the brightening influence of tho coffee had faded away, and old Judy had gone to bcd, and Mrs. Kay her- self was sleepy, as old blondes ahvaysare at an carly hour, the conversation fell more into Josepha hands. She was not sleepy at all. Things had been said that aroused uer atten- tion ; she was slowly waking up. Many a time she had told herself that elie must be dull-witted, because nobody ever cared to talk about what she liked to talk abont, so she had taken refuge in taciturnity. But now already at least three subjects had been broached which had interested her for years. Her eyes brightened, she began to fuse a little ; generally she was hard metal, that would not melt. Mrs. Kay leaned back on her sofa, and let them talk. " Perhaps he is a literary man," she thought. Then, after a moment, she added to herself, " But no ; he dresses too well for that." After a while it caine out that the stranger was going to the camp-meeting. Tho listener was aroused at once. " What in tho world is he going there for?" she asked inwardly. " But perhaps he owns the ground. After thc war a great deal of this .Southern land full into thc hands of Northerners." She listened again, but caught nothing. They were talking of phrenology. "I fear lam keeping you up very late," said the stranger, as Judy's sharp- voiced little clock struck eleven in the near kitchen. " Yes ¡ we are generally asleep by half-past nine," said Josepha. "Here in the mountain wilderness," hurriedly interposed Mrs. Kay, "there ia so little to engross one-no society or anything of that kind you know." " I can not imagine what bas become of my driver and his coach," continued thc visitor. " Perhaps it would bc as well for me to walk down thc road to meet him. Indeed, I think I should enjoy thc walk ; it is a Hue night." " But it is not a fine night ; it is very dark," said Josepha. "You only say that because you think wo are tired. The house seems chilly, hut I will soon remedy that. I am not at all sleepy myself, and if mother is, she can go to bed." Mrs. Kay came to life with vigour. " You funny child 1" she said, tapping Josepha's arm playfully. '1 What will you say next ! And where are you going now ?" " To get same wood," replied the girl ; and before her motlier could interfere, she had brought in an armful and laid it down upon the hearth. i "Allow mo," said the stranger, springing forward. " Very well, if you like. Only, as I par- ticularly enjoy making fires, I consider it a favour. " So do I," said Gage. He lighted a match, looked around, then took a newspaper from his pocket. "You need uo paper," said Josepha. "That shows how little you understand light- wood." She knelt down, set up three splinters together like the poles of a minature tent, applied the match, and in a second the whole pile was gloriously blazing, and the room full of light. "The pitch-pine of the South," explained Mrs. Kay. "It really becomes an ."esthetic pleasure to light fires under such circumstances, Mr. Gage." "I quite agree with you," replied the young man, looking at Josepha, who had risen, and was standing on the opposite Bide of the hearth absently warming her bands and watching the blaze. " He certainly knows what to say," thought the elder lady. Then she too looked at Josepha, The girl looked well, almost handsome, but the small Btep-mother could never have appreciated that, I suppose the canaries have but one opinion as to the clumsiness of the slow white swan down in the pond. Another long hour spun itself ont over the bright blaze, Mrs. Kay keeping her eyes open, but yawning desperately behind her fan. She had ceased to follow the course of conversa- tion, but maintained a watch for stray sentences, like a man fishing on the bank. She caught little of importance-only allusions to a home and father somewhere, and onie something about " our guild." " He can not be a missionary," she thought ; "only High Churchmen use that term. She scrutinized him carefully. "No, he ÍB not a High Churchman," she said to herself-"at least not an extreme case. He has now that serene, sweetly humble yet proudly superior air which they all have ; and besides, he is too broad-shouldered. A home and a father that is something. For young men nowadays do not talk about their fathers unless they arc very decidedly proud of them for some reason or other. On the whole it looks well." At midnight a rumbling sound was heard outside; the old red waggon had arrived. Martin Gage took leave, asking permission to call on his way back. " I shall only stay at the camp a day or two," he said. "It will be very interesting there, no doubt," said Mrs. Kay. " Well I don't know about that ; I go on business," replied the stranger. " Decidedly he OWUB the ground," thought the widow, cheerfully. The next afternoon Josepha started for the Pass as usual. " You never go as far aa the camp, I suppose?" said Mrs. Kay, in a suggestive tone. " No," replied the girl. She went no further than her usual crag ; but on coming down, thhs time before sunBet, there was the stronger gathering ferns along tlie road below. " Ah, you have fems too," he said. " I will walk to thc mouth of the Pass, and carry them for you." " You noed not," said Josepha, " But I should like to." "Oh, very well." " You are so strong, Miss. Kay, that you do not like to be assisted, I suppose. Still, you must not forget that other persons are stronger." " They are occasionally ; but generally I nm the strongest person present. Bold thc girl. " Do you see that stage lifted up on the side of the cliff?" " Yes." "Well, I did that." " You must hove been cross, then." " What do you mean?" " Only that I have noticed that when a man makes any great effort in bodily strength, like lifting a heavy weight, ho is always in an irritated condition- really a terrible temper." " I did use some strong language, I believe,' said Gage, laughing. "That shortbodied, bigdiattcd little driver had left his old coacl; right in the middle of the road, and, of coutte we could not pass with our red waggon. Thi horses, not having wings, could neither clim! up nor back up the clin, so there was nothing for it but a lift. I assure you that all th. bard cider in thc camp waB hardly enough fo; me when I arrived." " Do you like the camp?" " It is picturesque." " You do not seem to stay there," Gage looked at lier ; but elie bad meant no epigram. "Oh, I have finished my work for the day," he said, carelessly. "I came this way to meet you. I knew you were herc every day, and, of course, you would make no change in your habits on my account. " "Of course not," said Josepha. Still, she felt a little disturbed. Thc stranger, however, turned back to their conversation of thc night before, and soon hoi mind was off, like a bird, over the fields of imagination and thought, lt is astonishing how much better two birds can fly together than one all alone. At the mouth of thc Pass he left ber. " I have just time to hurry back after supper, " lie I said. " So tiley have supper?" "Of course-with bright camp fires and gipsy kettles. Do you suppose, because they arc religious, they arc not hungry too ?" "Thc two things never seem quito to go together, " said Josepha. "Whether they seem or not, they do," said thc stranger, laughing. " Look at thc supper tables of donation parties and sowing societies. " With that ho raised his hat and went back into the dusky Pass, while Josepha, coming out into thc still golden valley, went over the conversation thought I fully. She told her mother what had occurred, and Mrs. Kay thought a number of thoughts behind the teapot for several minutes. At last she decided not to interfere. " Josepha is not like the other girls," she mused. The only remark she made was, "Promise mc that you will bc homo before dark Josepha." " Of course, mother ; I always mean to bc. That one night was an accident." Thc next afternoon Gage met her again. She had not expected to sec him ; but as her thoughts had boen dwelling on some things said the day before, she willingly took up thc conversation where they had left it, and they walked together to the month of the Pass again. This was repeated for five days, and now she expected it; she likewise enjoyed it. Regularly on thc way somewhere thc old red waggon passed them, and the driver gave them friendly nods. He had still no passengers, but it was evident he had an interest in Gage ; he expected to take him back some time, and regarded him as he passed with a proprietary eye. Thc old coach remained where it was, tilted up against thc cliff. "He is staying much longer than he first intended," observed Mrs, Kay after a while. " Is he ?" said Josepha. " He said only a few days. Have you any idea what he is doing there ?" " No, I have not ; but he always speaks of being occupied in the mornings- business, he said." " About the land, perhaps. Still, I do not see why it should take so long, unless bo his laying it out in lots," thought Mrs. Kay. " Hos he said nothing about himself or his affairs all these days?" Bhe asked, aloud. " Come, try to think." " He spoke once of owning vast estates," . ' Vast estates ? Where ?" " Everywhere, he said. And he also spoke of a grand inheritance received from bis father.* " But that is, I am afraid, a romance. It is too much to believe," said Mrs. Kay, slowly. " Only two or three families in thc United States hare anything like that. I have been wrong, Josepha ; I Bee it now. That man is trying to deceive us. You must not go into the Pass again." " You are mistaken, mother. He is not trying to do anything ; he is perfectly at his sase." " He is trying to interest you, child." "Is he?" said Josepha. Then she blushed suddenly and deeply. " I never thought of it," Bbc said. . "I know you did not; but he is trying. And I am afraid you are too much interested already." "No, mother ; it is only that I like to talk to him." "And hear him talk." Josepha coloured again, this time slowly and almost painfully. The blood seemed to rise gradually in her face os she thought, " You are right," she said last. " I shall not go into the Pass again." The next afternoon she remained in the little shaded parlour with a book open before her, trying not to miss too much her crag and her fern-bordered road. The hours were long ; through the window the Pass looked purple and cool ; she felt herself longing for it. At dusk she threw aside her volume, glad that the day was done. There came a sound of rattling wheels, and the old red waggon rumbled out of thc Pass and stopped at the door. The little driver had brought a note. AU it said was, " Why did you not come? I thought you were uot going to change your habits on my account." "Impertinent!" said Mrs. Kay. "No answer," she called out to thc driver, who was waiting. Then a second tliought seized her, and she went to the door. "Mr. Gage gave you this ?" "Yes, mum, bc did, I'm 'bliging him by delivering it." " I fancy he owns the camp-ground," said the widow, affably. "Acts as though he did, mum; swells round considerable, and sends off passils and passils of big litters in my mail-bags," replied the driver. . "How do they treat him at the camp ?" "The Tunkers, you mean? They Beemed tickled 'most to death to have him there." " But he is uot a Dunkord ? ' "Fur from it, mum. He isn't much on religiou of auy kind, I reckon," said the driver. Mrs. Kay let him depart, and went back, lost in reflection. The next afternoon she herself suggested that her daughter should take a stroll. " I shall not go, mother," replied the girl; and another sunset passed drearily. The next day she was not tempted, for it had begun to rains It seldcins rains in thc Southern mountains during the summer, save an occasional short thunder-shower ; but when it does rain, it is a torrent, and floods follow. The steep side of thc hills and cliffs gather and pour down the drops into the narrow deep ravines so suddenly that in an hour, sometimes, the brooks are out of their beds, swollen and roaring ten feet high over thc roads. This happens only in the passes and defiles, of course, where there are no wide levels ; the waters can not disperse themselves or Bink through the hard rocky bottoms. " Tue brook will be up before morniug, sure as you live, and Barnaby'll be all afloat," announced Christian Converse that evening as he opened his spelling- book. " A man como through an hour ago, and he said at the other end cr-ready the water was over the road, and old Squire Luken's milk pails was all waBhed away as had been left down by the fence while the boy went to supper." "Whatwill become of the camp, then?" asked Mrs. Kay. " Well, reckon they've hed warning ; and if not, they can take to the rocks ; though they may hev some trouble with thc horses. Mc and Sam Brown's going in at daylight-along the cliffs-to see how they've stood it." " Why not go now ?" said Josepha. "Well, you see, miss, its powerful dark iu Barnaby at night ; and besides, they've got legs same as us if they want to come out," replied Converse. " They're nothing but Tunkers, anyway," he added, with that fine scorn for a foreign religion peculiar to native American virtue. After the boy hod gone, Josepha went out on to the piazza, and down to the gate. She could distinctly hear the roar of the brook as it came out of thc Pass, but she could see nothing, for the rain was still falling heavily. At ten o'clock she went to her room ; at half past ten her light was out, but she was not asleep. She could hear the Bound of thc water now, even when her head was on her pillow. After a while she rose, dressed herself and looked out. Thc rain had ceased ; great broken clouds were lying across the Bky, and between them thc moon shone out. The brook had overflowed the corn fields ; thc stalks stood like reeds in a lake. The torrent coming out of thc Pass was violent and loud an a wnter.fall. " I really must see if I cando something," she said to herself. " There are women and children in there, and the cliffs are Tcry steep They do not know the way, but I do. I can help them now ; at daylight other aid will como." Slic put on a thick jacket and a small stout hat, unlocked thc front-door softly, and stole out. No one heard her go. There was moon- light enough to show the way. She went around to thc side of the hill and began to ascend hy a path she knew. It took some time, for it was a roundabout course ; but at last she was on thc top, overlooking the gorge. Holding on by a tree trunk, she peered down, but could see nothing through tho thick branches : she heard, however, thc swift rush of thc water below. Taking a long breath, she began to descend, holding on tightly, and feeling her way step by step. Her eyes became gradually accustomed to thc darkness ; she could make out objects close to her ; still, her progress I was slow. Having reached the edge of thc water, she made her way forward along Hs line, using thc trees as supports and their roots as footholds. She worked on in this way for an honr. Atlast she thought she heard voices. She hastened her climbing, and, after a moment, came upon a forlorn party, straggling apart from each other and lost in thc darkness, but trying to move forward toward the mouth of thc Pass in the same way helpless aged persons, who had loBt heart and that she was advancing in ; but they were encumbered with children, and oho with courage, and were led and carried along. The working members of this party seemed to be all women ; some of them were tired out, and sat like drift-wood caught on the tree trunks; you felt that if thc water rose two inches they would be swept away. Others worked with zeal ; but heavy babies, tied in their shawls, weighed them down, and im- peded their progress. They panted, and struggled, and held on to thc trees, these poor mothers, and dragged along thc older children, who cried with fright. Josepha took a stout little boy from an exhausted young German woman, and soothed his weeping into quiet ; then she proposed that they should all get themselves together and rest a few moments! " Wc aro not very far from the mouth of the Pass," she called out cheerfully and clearly. " But after you have rested a while, I think it will bc better to climb straight up to thc top. There is a path down to the valley. I know the way." " But ea« wc, miss !" said the nearest woman. " YOB ; I came down from the top myself. But first, if you like, while you are resting herc, I will go up and sec exactly how steep thc rocks are at this point." This seemed to give confidence ; thc women drew together, the stragglers came up one by one. They all propped themselves behind trees, in the angles made by thc roots and the cliff-side, not unlike Bailors sitting in thc rigging, and then it was that Josepha dis- covered that they were in reality marshaled by a man, who was, however, far behind, owing to his carrying children on his back and in his anns, and helping several old women besides. The darkness and the noiso of the water had prevented any explanation Or comprehension of this. The man now dis- encumbered himself from his burdens, and placed them in safety ; then he joined the new-comer. It was Martin Gage. Josepha was already climbing ; he climbed hy her side. There was not breath to spare for talking until they had reached the top, and it took them some time to reach it. Josepha sat down to rest for a moment, and said, " No loss of life, I hope ?" " I think not," he answered. " How shall we ever get them up !" Bhe con- tinued, turning to thc subject in hand in her most businesslike way, "Oh, easily enough, by detachments. You shall stay here and receive them." " I shall do nothing of the kind ; I am going down to help." " Of course I knew you would." "Of course." " But I had to suggest it, because it is what most women would prefer to do under the circumstances." " You mean, let you do all the work ?" " Yes, sinee I can do it, and there is no vital necessity for you to help. I can bring them all up, one at a time." j " But I want to help." " I know you do, you generous-hoarted creature ! Como down and help ; and then, when it is all over, take me, and help too." He did not explain his meaning further ; but, in some way, she knew. They were already climbing down the rocks again, and she had helped up four children, two at a time, and gone down again before she re- covered her mental breath. They had to work like Trojans (if any one knows what that means) ; they were two hours at it. Thc hardest labour was with thc old people, who could not see, and whom they could not carrj', but had to guide and encourage, step by step. At last it was over, and they were all assembled on the top, where there was n comparatively level space. They could now begin to descend by the path, which could bc discerned in the faint light of thc coming dawn. Josepha, protecting herself by a bulwark of children from this intrusive suitor, walked first ; then came the mothers and babies ; Gage brought up the rear with the old women. Their march was necessarily slow. After a while they heard a cry ; it came from down below, in the Pass. " It is a child," said one of the women. They all stopped to listen ; then they heard another cry, and another. There seemed to be several children below. Some of the women shed tears ; their own children were safe, but these must be children belonging to other members of their party who had not been BO fortunate. " I must go down," said Gage, "and one of you had better go with mc. I may not be able to manage them all." But no one stirred ; mother-love is pitying, but selfish. " One of you must come," said Gage, mak- ing strong use of the situation. "Do you want them to drown down there ?" At this Josepha stepped forth (as he knew she would). " I will go," elie said. "All the rest of you sit down here, and wait for us. " Tliey started. On the the way Gage said something very lover-hke. " Are you mad ?" said thc girl, angrily. This was not what she had intended to Bay at all ; Bhe had intended to he very proud and distant. But it is difficult to refuse an offer with dignity when climbing down rocks in the dark, and obliged to accept aid which the suitor, being of a bold temper and not afraid, take care to make lover-like. They had some trouble in finding and col- lecting the lost children. There were four of them, all boys, who had undertaken to get themselves out of the Pass without aid. They had started up the cliff with them, when a fainter cry came up from below. " Another," said Gage. "I will go down for that one, while you keep on up with the others," said Josepha. " Very well," answered her companion, with lamb-like docility ; and he disappeared up the rocks with his little troop, who, re- freshed and cheered, climbed now like monkeys. Josepha went down toward thc roaring water again. There, on its edge, she found a very little boy, crying, all by himself, behind a bush, thc cuds of whose bent branches were already swept by tho torrent. She took him in her arms. His ankle was injured ; he could not walk. She bound it with her handerchief, soothed him, and con- sidered what she should do. He was-five Í'ears old, and heavy to carry. Suddenly she leard a new and louder roaring ; new and deeper water was at her ankles-was at her knees. With the child on one ann, she cnlimbed and sprang upward to a higher rock ; but thc current had almost swept lier away. There had been a washout a mile up thc Pass, and the temporary dam had mode this new flood. The child was crying again loudly. A A voice called her name, some one was at her Bide. " Give inc the child," said this person ; " of course yon knew I would come back." " I did not," said Josepha ; but she obeyed. They climbed higher. But some of thc trees had been uprooted, and were bending and falling; their position was full of danger. They were at a bend in the Pass, and the rising water climbed as fast as they did. They could have escaped that, perhaps, but not tho swaying, crasfiing trees. Something large and square floated by; it came near them. With an exclamation, Gage seized hold of it, climbed up with thc child, and dragged up Josepha. It was the old stage. Its wheels were gone, and it floated. The man, excited and silent, steered with broken branch, while Josepha held the child, clung to the old top-railing, and watched with dilated eyes the foaming water and the whirling, tossing roots and trees. There was faint light now ; they could sec their danger. Again and again death came very near them, then swerved aside by a foot, by an inch, and spared their Uves. Again and again the woman gave up hope, and said, "It is the last ;" but only once did the man's quick hand fail, and then it was because no human power could save them. Ho leaned backward threw his arm around Josepha, and pressed his lips to her cold white cheek; he said afterward that he did it as a last earthly fare- well. But even os they Bat thus, the great tree tossing close behind them, with au its branches outrspread like impaling hooks, was held, was stopped by a rock, and the old | coach was borne on. In real time" all this was , incredibly swift and short, as a canoe shoots j the rapids of thc Sault Sainte Marie. In I apparent time it was long hours. When they j .were carried out into the valley, and stranded ' in the shallow water there, they were like I persons who have seen a vision : every thing [ in actual life seemed vaguely unreal. The j child, who had been so tightly held in Josepha's arms that he could see nothing, and j who had actually fallen asleep, now woke, began to talk, and ask questions about thc red bars acroBS his face and hands, made by ¡ the woollen cloth of her jacket as she ! unconsciously pressed him more closely to her { breast. She tried to answer him, and the , necessary words brought back things present. They climbed down from the stage, made their way through the wet fields, and at lost reached home. I The brown cottage was busy giving break fast to the camp-people ; old Judy did nothing , but cook for hours. The house was full. I Different parties of drenched Germans were , constantly arriving, and the divan was covered with exhausted children, laid across it like bundles, while the mothers wrung out their dripping skirts. The procession on the hill had come down by themselves os soon as they ! could see the way. When Josepha appeared, j her step-mother greeted her with outstretched ! arms and tears : "Oh, my beloved child, they say they left you in the Poss ! How did- I how did vou eet here Ï" ' " Well, mother," said Josepha slowly, "I came-by the stage." At night the water was down again, only the mired corn fields and the stranded trees were left to tell of the flood. The neighbour- hood considered it rather a joke than otherwise that the GermanB had been drowned out of Barnaby, and thc camp people them- selves had all departed, to continue their meeting on safer and better known ground. One fact alone did not depart, but remained and faced Mrs. Kay. Ah, well, there was no use in objecting, although he was only au artist, making sketches for an illustrated paper wdiilc waiting for higher work. His inheritance was a father s genius, and his estates those which an artist's eye owns every- where ; alas ! alas ! (Mrs. Kay added the sighs.) He is young, however, and has the greatest expectations. So have wc. Ilarpn- ë Monthly. 