Roman Catholics and Education. We have received from his Grace Archbishop Vaughan the following Pastoral Letter of the Archbishop and Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales : — ' To our dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful under our Jurisdiction. -« U ? ? ii ? r ? 3 T„,„r. nlirlct oxcaiiu uuu jjeiicuiuuuu in Lue juuiu ucouo 'Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic Education are steadily increasing so as to become absolute perils^ to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice ; we, the Archbishops and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are responsible to God for the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regarding the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. ' The erection of costly Public Schools in every direc* lion. irhlfVi 5e mntinimlltr aninn nn ? thp stpadv. systematic way in which our Denominational Schools are being weak ened and extinguished ; the treatment of Catholics at ; Rand wick and the Benevolent Asylum ; the prospect of secu larist Grammar Schools springing up at the public expewe in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst ; of a secularist Mtg School for girls being established in Sydney, and partia y endowed by the Government ; of £1500 a year beingspe for five years on the education at Grammar Schools of u®/ . exclusively from Public Schools; this lavish expenditure public money on one section of the community, to'1®® elusion of others who cannot in conscience avail themsei of it, is, in a free community like our own, where - au equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be s initted to in silence. « „ ' And more than this, this expenditure on go education, this studding the colony with schools wnicu Church knows from experience will, in course of t'.nic, fhe country with indifferentists, not to speak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funds — of taxes paid oat of Catholic pockets — for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make U6e of, but which they firmly believe is calcu lated to sap the foundations of Christianity, is an act so ?galling to eyery feeling of fair- play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged. jjot merely as Bishops of the Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed ?justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphatically jay claim to our share of that same even-handed justice; and believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow- colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one thiid of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow tax- payers re ceive ; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. _ _ 'Let it be borne in mind that this is distinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parties. But when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position ; when the question of education is in point of fact the great religious question of the day ; we should be prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were we to hold our pcace ; did we not, at the present juncture, set forth the teaching of the Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmistakable clearness, your duties as interpreted by that teaching. i' Christ came on earth to renew the world by the graces of His spirit, by His perfect law of life, and by the supernatural revelation of His will to man. What the highest paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that He did, in all its fulness and perfection. The first chanter of St. Paul's Epistle to Jhe Romans gives us an outline of the degradation to which man' can fall under a civilization which is based upon the passions; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato, and Cicero has proved to us how impotent are literature and philosophy and intellectual cultivation, when they set themselves to purify the spirit of the inner man. The hideous blots which disfigure the highest morality of Rome and Athens are as so many fingers which point to the utter imbecility of man when he thinks to civilise the heart, instruct the conscience, and direct the will, apart from the influences of true religion. And what the history of the past has proved to be the case, the history of the present is ever more and more confirming. We find, on all sides, that where philanthropists have attempted to educate the inner life of man by philosophy, legislation, or intellectual cul ture, the eifect nas always been the same. Every civiliza tion which has not had Christianity for its basis has been dwarfed, stunted, and deformed ; and every effort, from that of the most remote pagan ism to that of the most modern infidelity, to deal with the conscience, the will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in the degradation, of man, and in the collapse of the philosophy which corrupted him. The reason may have been exercised, and the intellect may have been informed; but, apart from Christianity, the moral nature, on which man's worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor his powers, passions, and motives elevated or refined. ' What paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into the world. What legisla tion cannot touch, or philosophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came to legislate for, to purify .and to ennoble, through the gifts and guidances of the Christian dispensa tion. He, and he alone, was able to convert and regenerate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's Maker. It required the power of holy Baptism, with its interior and supernatural effects ; the light of faith illuminating the intellect and informing the conscience ; and the grace of the sacraments, especially of penance and the altar, together with a super natural life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, before man could gain any adequate notion of what Christian civilization really meant, and «f the effects on the entire man of Christian education. These things, it is plain, are especial gifts of God to fallen nature ; they are graciously bestowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him in withdrawing himself from the tyranny of passion and the thraldom of pride ; away from that brutality which is produced by an enslavement to the world, the devil, and thefiesh. Besides these gifts, Christianity brought knowledge of a perfect kind, compared with the obscurity of the pa6t. It taught man that in comparison with the next world, this world and all its wealth and knowledge, arc as dross; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can offer ; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul, before all things else ; and whatever he gain, if he lose God, all is lost ; and whatever he lose, if he gain God, all is gained. Christianity brought into the world, also, three invaluable gifts : a true knowledge of God, a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towards God and man. ' On these teachings, all civilization and legislation, all morality, public, social and private, are founded. Without these man falls back into paganism and barbarism ; his moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates towards the con dition of the savage. Whilst, on the other hand, with Christianity thus acting a6a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the efficacy of the sacraments, and the teachings of Revelation, man is lifted up : his reason energizes in its fullest freedom, his conscience is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness and ripeness which are never to be found under less favourable conditions. ' Now we are bound, both by the natural and the re vealed law, to educate children in the knowledge of God, in His love, and in His commandments. As Christians we are bound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procmc for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their chil dren ; and by the law of Christianity the Church is bound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from the dawning of their reason : the Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete the work which tho parents have begun. 4 Go ye therefore and teach,' or make disciples of * all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded yon,' is her commission. Here the duty is imposed npon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching ; they are in perfect haamony ; the education of the child at its mother's knee is not un done in the Christian schools, but developed and completed. Through the whole period the graces and in fluences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian child ; the heart, tne conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete personality becomes saturated by a civilization, of which Christianity alone can be the origin*. 'Thus it is self-evident that education without Chris tianity is impossible: you may call it instruction, filling the mind with a certain quantity of seculiar knowledge, but you cannot dignify it with the name education; for religion is an essential part of education ; and to divorce religion or Christianity from Education is to Pa£^nism- ^d to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. _ Thus it iB that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method of teaching in *»ichthe religious element is divorced from the secular, one knows that instruction is not education, and that & system of national training from which Christianity is banished, is a system of practical paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dishonour. ' It is not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius IX. snonld have issued the following weighty instruction, wnichour Catholic people and our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on. In it they will find no new aoctrine, but the old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. ' The greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says the Supreme Pontiff, ; when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn public and private education on which the happiness «f the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much, jor thps society is little by little deprived of that truly | CTinEtian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation, of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, musi necessarily be guided by the spirit of error ana untruth ; and education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which, will be a source of greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families. Who does not sec that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools : ' for it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be care fully taught from their tender years the mysteries and pre cepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that what ever else the children may learn should appear sub sidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Where fore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree tlian other educational in stitutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry' this design into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by the desire of extinguish ing among the people the divine light of our holy faith. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this perni cious design of removing the schools from ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty, bound not only to use her best efforts, and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would 'feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.'* 'Wherever the question of Secularists' schools has arisen, tbe Bishops of the Church have preached the same doctrine, and have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warnings. How the Bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all of you. The English hierarchy has more than once considered it its duty to address the Catholic people of England to the same effect. In one of their recent joint pas toral letters they siy : ' We have already declared that edu cation without Christianity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that tbesecular and religious elements of education are inseparable; that education is essentially religious, and therefore that where religion is excluded there is no educa tion. Hold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may give instruction^ but education they cannot give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, let it not be called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, but instruction with out religion is instruction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught cannot be moral ; but Christian morals cannot be taught without religion ; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour ? And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist ? But to know this — unless men are going to reduce a Christian people to the level of Deists — Christianity must be taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot bo taught without the knowledge of Christ, and that again, by necessity, involves the knowledge of His history. His teaching, his command ments, His incarnation, His divine personality. And what is this but dogma? for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught ; and where morality is not taught, the heart, the conscience, and the will of children are not educated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this education ?'f ' Such, then, being the emphatic teaching of the Catho lic Church, we, tho Archbishop and Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn the principle of Secularist education, and those schools which are founded on that principle. J We condemn them, first, because they contravene the first principles of the Christian religion; and secondly, because they are seed- plots of future im morality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of . human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realizes the true position of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who through a spirit of indifference or worldliness, arc exposing their children to proximate danger of pervision and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Almighty God ; and that they are jeopardizing the faith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have Ween confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often re mind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools, for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember chat their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood — flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or com promise Christian faith. ' We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow-electors, and their representatives in Parliament these two facts, first, that Catholics hare to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the country ; and, secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them ; let the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common, even- handed justice will assist us in working out a remedy. Would Secularists hold their peace, if without equal provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of boys, exclusive from Catholic institutions? Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordinary injustice find unfairness ? And would not the whole world agree with them ? ' It will be urged that the State leaves religion to parents and priests, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. ' True, the State does not, and cannot, claim a com mission to educate. It is the bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp, the moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by the natural and Divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State has no power or commission to usurp the parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is taught. To do so would be to indulge in the most cruel form of religious persecution. The State has no rights higher or more sacred than those of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the natural rights and duties of parents : its commission is to 6ce that those rights are not invaded, and that those duties are performs. The Catholic Church condemns godless schools and Secularist education because they are solvents of Christianity, and tend towards depriving Christian children of a priceless treasure. And no man can be a sound Catholic and sup port that which the Church condemns. ' The State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the Secularist system is) not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church F Does not the Church know her own true interests best V Has not she had experience of centuries, in point of time ; and all. over the world, in point of space? Are not her professed opponents on the side of secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side ? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and developed a Christian spirit ? Has not the Catholic episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit 5* What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony? To their shame, it must be said, 6ome of our people do send their children to Public schools. What is the de liberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such children V That there is a marked difference between them and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality, their manners are rough and irreverent, they have little sense of respect and gentleness, they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in number. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. ' If in anv country in the world signs are being held out on every side of the necessity of an especial school of self control, reverence, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any country Catholic children require a strong Catholic education, it is here. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in the training up of the young in a Christian spirit ; but here, where all is new, the clergy few, the population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with the best efforts of the best Catholic training, to rear up the children to Chris tian piety, and with thorough Catholic instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Christianity out of tho schools, and to confine it to a Sunday catechism-class, under such circumstances as these. ' Tbe only fair chance for Catholic children turning out Catholic men and women in this colonv is for them to be most carefully and conscientiously taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years ; and then for them to be sent to thorough Catholic schools, where the home teaching is continued, and the mind and heart and conscience and senses of the children are impregnated with Catholic insticts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. ' It may be interjected that some Catholics do not dis approve of Public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong, and teach them what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education ; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we are inclined to fear the Catholics are beginning to feel less and \ess horror at drunkenness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indif ferent, or ignorant Catholics, but by the successor of St. Peter and the Bishops of the Church who are in communion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe ; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make ship wreck ot the faith. ' What, then, are our practical recommendations? I. — First, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsi bility in the sight of God with regard to the Catholic educa tion of their children. Let parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray ; and, until they are fit for school, exercise them in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic in stincts, and, by example as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. ' II.— Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for their children, who have to learn, before everything else, to save their souls ; and who should be sedulously prepared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and com panions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for en countering the perils of the world into which they will eventually be thrown. ' III. — Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proxi mate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church : and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no Confessor can absolve such parents as are willings to expose their children's souls to the blighting influence of an alien creed or a secularist system. ' IV. — Fourthly, let those who are so unhappy as to be sending their children at the present moment to Public schools, withdraw them as soon as possible. Let them examine their children's religious instincts and moral con dition : and if, as is to be expected, they find faith and morals weakened, and tbe germs of lawlessness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Let them especially pre pare such children for the Sacraments, teach them to hear mass devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to be obedient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed over them. ' V. — Fifthly, let the clergy make such instructions as those the frequent subject of their sermons and their pri vate exhortations ; and let them not weary till godless and non- Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children, and until all the Catholic children in the district are re ceiving a sound Catholic education. ' VI. — Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible ; so as to be equal in secular instruction to non- Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in the genuine education of the will, the conscience, and the senses. ' VII. — Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they have, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pressure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellow tax-payers. ' What is the present position of affairs ? Catholics are paying for the support of schools which they can neither approve of, nor make use of, whilst no analogous provision has been made for them. 'We maybe met with the cry of the 'religious diffi culty.' We admit the religious difficulty ; but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, bv acts of extraor dinary unfairness to a large section of the community. ' The ' religious difficulty ' exists in Ireland, and still more in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in even handed justice, we, here, arc retrograding, and are aggra vating that one- siaedncss and unfairness from which the broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of cven-handedness ? Why should not wc walk in the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how to. solve * the religious difficulty ' by the British panacea of fair play P And how can this principle of fair play be applied ? The answer is simple. Introduce payment by results in place of the present unjust ana galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each section of the community receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results (by Government inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed,, would be deprived of a monopoly; but, then, a wide spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, Jwould give way to happiness and peace throughout the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn ; nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair-play and no favouring, for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated. — Is not this a broad, an intelligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If there be a wide-spread sense of justice in the land, as we firmly believe there is — Is there not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action? ' We recommend those interested in this subject to study the Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland ; the Elementary Education Act for England and Wales, with the New Code of Regulations ; and Sir John O'Shanassy's Bill to further amend the Law relating to Education. ' In matters of vital importance and common justice half measures generally turn out miserable and cowardly failures. If it be worth while for the Catholic body to assert its rights at all, it is worth while for it to assert it» full and entire rights. Let us all realize this fact ; and then we shall not be content till our present humiliating position is exchanged for one of fairness and equality. It is a great cause which we have in hand, nothing less than keeping alive, in its integrity, in our adopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far securing the salvation of souls, as well as the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their respon sibilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter ; and never cease in their persevering, their organized importunity, until they have obtained those rights which no man can refuse them without self-evident injustice. ' Dearly Beloved, — ' Watch ye, stand fast in the faith,, do manfully, and be strengthened.' * ' Keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace ; one body, one Spirit, as. you are called in one hope of your calling ; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism ; One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all.' t ' May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things ; tlint your whole spirit, and soul, and body, may be preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord J esus- Christ.' J 'Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 1879, and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. t Roger Bede, Archbishop of Sydney. T Matthew, Bishop of Bathurst. t J ames, Bishop of Maitland. t Wij-liam, Bishop of Goulburn. ' APl'EKDIX. 'Dccrecs on education adopted by the Archbishop and1 Bishops assembled in Provincial Council, at Melbourne,. in April, 1869. ' ' 1. Since the Church cannot rightly discharge that most solemn duty entrusted to her by Christ our Lord, namely of instructing the faithful in sound doctrine, and preserving them from dangerous and poisonous pastures, unless she enjoys the fullest liberty and power of imbuing them with the principles of Catholic faith, and of training them to good morals, we cannot approve of any system of education which either inflicts an injury on that power of the Church or in any way whatsoever impedes its exercise. ' 2. Hence we condemn that education of Catholic youth which is separated from Catholic faith, and from the power of the Church, and therefore we shall take care to remove Catholic children from those schools which are called, mixed schools, since in them, according to the civil law, the Church can exercise no authority, nor have any power in regulating the studies, selecting the books, or in the choice of the teachers. '3. We admonish all the clergy and the faithful com mitted to our care, that they are bound to use every exertion to erect, where possible, Catholic schools in which the au thority of the Church will be fully recognised, and that' method of instruction observed which has for its object the eternal welfare of souls, and where the true teaching of religion is wisely combined with knowledge and progress, in literature. ' 4. For the erecting and conducting of these schools, we shall assert our right to our just proportion of the public: revenues which are yearly set apart for the education of the people, so that the claims of all may be respected, no pre judice being offered either to the faith of Catholics, or to the conscience of non- Catholics ; and we shall make every effort to provide Catholic education in overy district for our -' Catholic youth. ' 5.But forall that which has been asserted of the authority ef the Church in this matter of education, by no means pre vents the different Governments from inspecting our schools,, through their officials, and of making themselves acquainted with the fitness and qualifications of the teacher. '6. Since the education of youth greatly depends on the choice of teachers, it is right that they should be not only adorned with purity and zeal for the Catholic faith, and. imbued with good morals, but they ought also to be very well instructed in all that they are bound to teach in the Schools. That teachers possessing these qualities may be had, it is quite necessary that training schools be erected, in which they shall be properly trained in the principles of the Catholic faith, and diligently acquire a knowledge of human science necessary for the fulfilment of this office. Bat we affirm that it is only just that assistance should be granted from the public Treasury for the building and the conduct ing of these Schools. ' 7. But that the clergy may have before their eyes sound, principles of education, in which the faithful are to be con tinually instructed, the fathers desire to insert here three' propositions condemned by the Sovereign Pontiff, Pius IX.,. happily reigning, which are of the greatest importance : — ''45. The entire government of public schools in which the youth of any Christian state is educated, except (to a certain extent) in the case of episcopal seminaries, may and. dught to appertain to the civil power, and belong to it so far that no other authority whatsoever shall be recognised as having any right to interfere in the discipline of the schools, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees,, in the choice or approval of the teachers. ' '47. The best theory of civil society requires that popular schools, open to the children of every class of the - people, and generally, all public institutes intended for in struction in letters and philosophical sciences, and for carrying on the education of youth, should be freed from all ecclesiastical authority, control, and interference, and should, be fully subjected to the civil and political power, at the ! pleasure of the rulers, and according to the standard of the I prevalent opinions of the age. ' ' 48. Catholics mav approve of a system of educating youth unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural' things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of earthly social life.' ' * 1 Cor., xvi., 13. -f Epbes., iv., S-G. i Thcss., v., 23. The Trades and Labour Council held their usual fort nightly meeting on Thursday. The general business was un important, but arrangements were made for a deputation to ? ?wait upon the Minister for Works next Friday, respecting contracts for the construction of locomotives. _ Before the council separated, the subject of the Abattoir disclosures ? and the action the Herald has taken in the matter were dis cussed ; and a vote of thanks to that journal for the public service it has rendered in exposing the evils at the Abattoir and in the meat trade, was unanimously passed. A special meeting of the Master Butchers' Association was held on Thursday, at the Temperance Hall, Mr. T Playfair in the chair. The principal business of the meet ing had reference to the statements made recently in the Herald with regard to the management of the Glebe Island Abattoirs. The speakers confined themselves almost exclu sively to the suggestion of Mr. Dempster that_ dried blood was sold for sausages, and to the evidence given by Mr. Shultz before the commission regarding ulcers in meat. It was denied that these ulcers were of common occurrence, and great doubts were thrown on the general truthfulness of Mr. Shultz's statements. Eventually the following resolu tion was agreed to unanimously, — ' That the evidence ? furnished by Mr. Dempster, and particularly that by Mr. I Shultz, is in many particularsjwholly opposed to the truth,, and unworthy of credence.' 