RELIGION AND -FREE THOUGHT. CONTROVERSY BETWEEN MR. J. TYERMAN AND DEAN RUSSELL. - The hundred persons who attended the free thought lecture at the Liedertafel Hall oh o Jr = i;ma.i»ab) for " tree xnougiiii-veraut c cwRUjiuuvgu' "f »"< J. Tyerman,~the spiritualistic and free-thought lecturer, and afterwards they, ,listened to»an hour's controversy between the lecturer and the Yery Rev. Dean Russell,. who. -entered_ the meeting after church service had closed. Each disputant found, friends among "the audience; tVimigVi, as might have been expected on such an occasion, the lecturer met with mere applause than, the Churchman. _ The Dean, however, was ■accorded a very patient hearing, and some of his remarks were received with acclamation, their breadth and liberality evi dently surprising some of the freethinkers. There were about a dozen ladies present. The lecturer dispensed with the services of a Chair man, and began his address as soon as the meeting, opened. He said that in most free-thought and spiritualistic meet ings in Sydney, as well as in America and in England, the proceedings were usually opened by 'singing. * He regarded this plan as a good one, and would therefore be glad to form a volunteer choir daring his stay in Adelaide. Mr Tyerman began his lecture by defining free thought- He said it was not the naked infidelity that some people believed it to be. It was not disbelief in God or the abandonment of a belief in any form of religion. It did not neces sarily lead to any of these things. He knew "there but, on the other hand, there were quite as many freethinkers who were neither atheists nor materialists. Free thought might even lead a man to accept Christianity, but it had not done so in his case, nor was it likely to do in many instances. If it did, however, he would respect said honour such a Christian. Free thought meant that men should be allowed to exercise their reason freely and fully, with out creedal limitations, dogmatic assumptions, or threatened pains and penalties. The only limitation was that the freethinker should give others equal liberty to think for themselves even though they arrived at totally different conclusions. If they did not do so they were guilty of the worst intolerance and bigotry. He claimed Jesus Christ to have been the first great freethinker, and to have been martyred for his courage in opposing the religious doctrines and practices of his age. By his grand genius and lofty principles He ini tiated the first great departure from the Judaic polity, the underlying principle of which was that the Jews were God's peculiar people. Christianity would have done far more for the world had Paul and Peter and some of the earlier disciples of Christ not been so narrow and ex clusive as they were, and thus corrupted the liberality and catholicity of Christ's teachings Paul was certainly not a free thinker. He had written some grand words, but his opposition to free thought was proved by his saying that if any one should preach 'another gospel' (than the one Paul believed) he should be accursed. After speaking of the fettering of free thought iu the dark ages, the lecturer said the Reformation was a grand movement, to which we undoubtedly owed much of ottr present civil and religious liberty. (Applause.) Luther and his coadjutors never dreamt that their principles would have been carried to the excess they had been; but their grand central claim—the right of private judgment—was the great principle of free thought. (Hear, hear.) Up to that time the Church of Rome had denied that principle, had chalked out man's path, and had given the keys of a certain door to Peter, and said he had, a right to or exclude those who sought admission there. Protestants were illogical when they professed to he followers of Luther and yet defined a limits beyond which private judgment should not go. The last century witnessed a marvellous impetus to free thought (then under that name) through the teachings of Voltaire, and other great and good men who looked up to him as their leader. Many people pointed to the French revolution as an outcome of free thought. While not defending the excesses then carried on, he could not help thinking of the priestcraft and kingcraft which brought that terrible struggle to pass. Tom Paine and his " Age of Reason" had done more to popularize free thought than perhaps any other man. And during the last fifty or sixty years there had been a great free - thought struggle going on among scholarly minds in Germany, where the axe was laid to the root of the tree of Christianity and even Godhead, and where the freethinkers were no longer content with lopping off dead or dying branches. In England G. J. Holyoake and Charles Bradlaugh had done much for free thought, and in the realm of spiritualism it had been helped on by such men as Robert Dale Owen and Andrew Jackson. He said that nine-tenths of the scientific discoveries and inventions were the work of freethinkers, who were almost always opposed by the Church, which only yielded up point after point as it was wrung from it. As Copernicus and Galileo were persecuted of old, so had men of science, been in later times as they showed that the world was not made in six days, that nature worked by law, that epidemics were not judg ments of God, and that "special providences" had no more to do with sickness and death than the man in the moon. A few years ago the Bible was regarded as directly inspired by God. to the dotting of every i and the crossing of every t. But free thought had pointed out its blots and its irreconcilable contradictions, till now the " perfect book" was sent to the revisers,, who would, no doubt, improve it. The God i now taught by the Church was not the God of. a century ago. He was a different being alto gether. The angry, vindictive God was not now the ideal God. The God of the Christian Church of the 19th century was at nobler being—a God of love and a Universal, Father. The devil, too, was less talked of, and the same with eternal punishments—the never dying worm and the unquenchable fire.' If mentioned at all now, the devil was only referred to in a kid-glove fashion. (laughter.) And all these changes—changes for the better— had been brought about by free thought, and "in the very teeth of orthodox fettered thought." Some of the fetters still binding thought were— the assumption that the Bible was the word of God; that Christianity was of divine origin; that certain doctrines, such as the Trinity, were above men's minds; and that reason was carnal and not to be depended on unless it led men to the Church, in which case they were of course justified in using reason as a God- given faculty. The lecturer concluded by his hearers to use their reason in all things, to cheerfully allow others to do the same, and thus to " learn as much as they could from the great volume of nature which ever spreads its golden leaves around us," (Ap plause.) The Very Rev. Dean RUSSELL, having asked permission to speak, said he was sure the pre sence of so many persons in that room ihdhhtou a desire on their part to search' for truth and protest against error. He would' therefore bo excused if he said that the lecturer had misrepresented the views of orthodox Christians in a few par ticulars. The first was iu regard t# the in spiration of the Bible. The Church of England, which occupied a conspicuous place among the Churches, did not* teach -the literal inspiration of the Bible. If the formulas of that Church were, examined it would .be found that no theory of inspiration was laid -down, it was left an open question. The idea of the literal inspiration was one that no intelligent Church man would hold. He believed the history and, the facts it contained were inspired; but he did, not think any one would accept every word as infallibly correct because it was in the Bible. (Applause ) As to the divine origin of Christianity, he did not understand why the lecturer called that 'an assumption. Christians did not assume it; they it. Nor did they deny the office of reason in reference to it. They exercised reason, and in the exercise of it had cause to believe that in the history of the world Christianity had established itself as a revelation from God. (Hear, hear.) He asked freethinkers to exercise their reason on the history before them. He had done so. He had found Jesus 1 ^t^ricai 1 ffli tion mtohim. ^H^O^qt, ^Mcefote,y of ,fd^e^it%ogh|fc>e^V hfl\wto,a~eb _ _ r. believer? "(Hear, hear.) ^Tbetowk8 ,n»Joppar-' trinity -of ■ entering 'into. jp^ttair J toto$W7TW-te«W~he evidence attbai it light to do ad'; but hetomtedjh friends present from the false idea that Christians restricted the exercise of freethought by inter posing an a priori argument. John Stuart Mill one of the greatest of modern freethinkers, had said that 'after clearing away all the Church's claims the figure of Jesus Christ stood out a unique figure, having in it a unity of the divine with the human. If John Stuart Mill had- come to that conclusion from the history before him, it was to much to say that Christian believers were resting their faith on a mere assumption.- (Hear,jhleiaia) With re ference to the Trinity, he believed that to be a revelation. But when once he- had settled that Christ gave a revelation from God, then if there were some supernatural elements into the depths of- which his reason could not explore, he was bound to believe the facts though he could not account for them "If they believed in a God and a first cause in nature, they had there a thing utterly incomprehensible. Not one of them could get to the root of this first cause. They saw the evidence of a creative designing mind, but God was to comprehensible to them. It was the same with the Trinity as it was, indeed, with the body and soul—two lives in one—one of which would soon die, - while the - other would pass beyond the grave and live -on. (Hear, hear.) He did not denounce, them for one moment; for searching for truth ; but he asked them not to confound ; the narrow bigotry of some Christians with the intelligent faith of others.. He admitted that he believed in creeds —in the Nicene Creed, for instance. But he was not fettered by it. That creed was the outcome, of three centuries of free thought, and it was adopted because the-great majority of the Christian world of that day came to the conclusion that its doctrine was a part of the Christian revela tion.'" He hoped that- those: whom .be wasiiow addressing:wouldjeeek uifter.truth ^and not merely- to.avoid, an adversary. "He honed, they would consider that these questions involved their Welfare here andiereiffteK (A voice— " No.") He would not .dispute with the gentleman, who said "No," but to those who did believe' in a hereafter he would say ..that these were serious questions, involv ing our future life. He' did not mean to say that that life would be determined by tho orthodoxy of their belief ;he had never preached such a doctrine. But he did say that in pro portion as they believed in God and received the Christian religion much of their course in life would be determined and 'mnch of their happi ness hereafter would be affected. By denuncia tions, of future judgment he would not attempt to sway the minds of men from the exercise of free thought; but he asked them to remember that there was great responsibility resting-on the exercise of those great God-given faculties. As to consecration, he asked them to look at that question as sensihlemen. 'When a churchor piece of ground was consecrated, it was set apart for a particular purpose like our Courts of justice, and no one would think it an interference with free thought if permission to use our law Courts for balls or entertainments was refused. (Hear, hear.) Any one who represented consecration In a different light represented it in a superstitious manner. He hoped that what he had raid would not give offence, and that those in that assembly would distinguish between the Christian faith of the intelligent among them and that repre sented by the extravagant, ignorant, and bigoted. (Applause.1) - Mr. Tiebham ; raid-he was obliged to Hie rev. , gentleman ifor the gentlemanly and be coming spirit, of. his remarks. . Had there been more ~of that spirit manifested by other clergymen. in' times past, there "would not now be the antagonism that unfortunately existed between the Churches and -those outside.- But he differed from the rev. gentleman's views. He had said, that.' his . Church did not at present believe in the plenary inspiration of the Bible. ; Dean RUSSELL—It is left open. Mr. TYERMAN said many clergymen still held the belief, and the Church held it almost unani mously till comparatively recent times, and then it would not have been conceded but for the persistent action of those outside the pale of the Church. And was it not a fact that at the present time the strongest Church (numerically) still held this position ? He could not see the dif ference between the belief of the rev. gentleman and an assumption. As he had said at the' early part of his lecture, 'a man might become a Christian solely by a free-thought -pro cess-; but this did not often happen, and he questioned whether it would have.hap pened in the rev. gentleman's case had ins mind not previously been influenced by early training. He gladly conceded' to' Christians the right to belief in Christ's divinity if they desired to do so, but he did not think they ought to threaten him -with- pains and penalties because he re garded the evidence as 'insufficient. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt that John Stuart-Mill had altered his opinions,-but he did not admit more than many freethinkers. He regarded Jesus as a man-essentially and a noble martyr. He (Mr. Tyerman) held Christ in high admira tion in some respects, end followed some of his precepts practically, but it did not follow that he must worship him as incarnate Deity. To do so would, in his opinion, be idolatry. (Hear, hear.) As for the Trinity, the rev. gentle man had said that having agreed to believe in the Bible he accepted the Trinity. ° Dean Russell —What I said was, having agreed to accept the message Christ brought I accepted the Trinity. Mr. Txbbkah was glad to be corrected,, but must say there was really no analogy between the soul and -body and the Trinity- in-Unity. The three persons in the Trinity were as independent as any three persons in that room. (Dean Russell—"No.") He maintained that the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit were three distinct persons. (Hear, hear.) The scheme of redemption necessitated three persons. There was first the Father, who was offended and demanded a sacrifice. Secondly, there was the Son, who came to be the sacrifice. God could not sacrifice a part of himself. (Dean Russell—"Yes.") He differed from the rev. gentleman. There must be two persons. The one who offered the sacrifice could not be the "Person, on the throne who required it. And the Holy Ghost was a third God; and therefore, those who worshipped the three were guilty of idolatry. (Hear, hear.) He did 'not object to the rev. gentleman believing in 'the Nicene Creed, but he objected -to being told that he would be punished because, after using his reason, he could not accept' it. And it was the same in regard to the Athanasian Greed,' and to the Bible—the great need of Christendom. If the rev. gentleman would allow him to exercise his reason on this book, and' accept" its teach ings _or not according to the evidence as it appeared . to - his; -mind, -then - all controversy between them would cease. As to consecration, there' was' really no analogy between a Court of Justice and a Church or consecrated burial ground. As he had said before the rev. gentleman arrived, when the ground was consecrated the Church's clergy would not allow heretics or 'tmbaptized infants to be buried therein. Although the rev. gentleman. might be advanced enough to admit there was no special sanctity about a consecrated Church or ground^- (Dean Russell—"But I don't,") Then, if they would - not allow the Christian and the infidel to sleep side by side in the same grave yard, it followed that if they had the. power they would not allow them to mingle together as spirits in the same heaven before the throne of-God.—(Applause.) - - The ketureT'cloeed tbe meeting by expressing his thanks 'to Dean Buksell for " contributing to the edification" of the audience, and by an nouncing'-that*'his next lecture would be oa " Mediumship, or how to communicate with departed spirits." 