HUHTINa. The Melbourne Hounds, The stag and hind that afforded us such an excellent chevy on Saturday week having returned to their old quarters near the boueer and being particularly partial to the fruit- trees, Mr, Chirnside deemed it necessary that they should be captured by hunting them down, or they would have to be shot. , So Mr, Watson, thinking the former would ">e more sportsmanlike, selected the Werribee as our place of meeting. A "special" (well patronised) conveys as to the appointed epot. Riding from the station to the park mansion, I notice there is the usual muster. The Master rides Clansman ; Mr. Anderson, Highflyer ; Mr. Biddalph. Fire tail ; Mr. Martin, Cheroot ; Mr. Davis, Sir Garnet ; Air. Shaw, Hector ; Mr. GUI, Tomboy ; Mr. Gienister, Mistake ; Mr. Madden, Caliph ; Mr. T. Madden, Castsnea ; Mr. Robartson, Timbertop ; Mr. Bowes, Donation ; Mr. Wagner, Volunteer ; Mr. Mann, Giowiighfc; Mr. A 'Beckett, Domioic ; Mr. T. Power. Bellman ; Mr. Simson, Oliver Twist ; Mr. A. Miller, Findon ; Mr. S, Miller, Apparition; Mr. Chirnside, jun,, Suip ; Mr. Lsrnach, & chesnut cob ; Mr, Adams, his bay ; Mr. Blair, Novelist ; Fred, Johnson, Pilot ; and the Whip, a brown, One oc those famous lunches at the park enabled us to test the capabilities of oar appetites, and add at least a couple of pounds to our bodily weight; and then a move is made. The Messis. Chirnside and Mr. Riley go on in advance, and startle the deer from their lair. The bounds ate laid on, and " Off 1" is the word. From the direction in which they are heading, Williams town, it is evident we are in for a hot run. , The first fence having several dips in it, all get over safely. The second, out of a lignum swamp, brings Tom boy to grief, much to the detriment of his rider's new " bell topper," but which now may be used as an opera hat, A herd of faUow deer cross the line of scent, but the Whip and Fred. Johnson on either side, and the Master at the tail of the pack, keep them together, and they thread their way through the herd without once losing the trail. The field are now settling down to their work. Sir Garnet is where he ought to be, at the head of the front rank. Me. Martin takes a pull at his Cheroot, who has not a light mouth at the beBtof times ; but he Evidently doesn't mind the hofc-headedness of his (s)moke; a martingale should steady bim. Highflyer dies higher than usual, " and is on" his best behaviour. Findon I find on the right, with Apparition close up, but the gallant old grey hasn't the ghost of a show with the clever little bay. Bellman is surprising those who are aware . that he is just off the grass, and having a power ot : atrenottronihis back, intends . not ito cry a 99 until the death. .Ofiver Xwist wriggles ; ofl of, fl twist over, his jumps, aud segfAs on .good terms with his feuce8, »a he seldom ; swikes: them, -Donation,, m . spite- of -his ? " blowing" propensities, teweU uprT dare say hia thoughts are, smaller > donations than Mr. Bowes would, be mora thankfully re : ceived..; : Mr. Larnach seuds his bang-tailed- chesnut along in rate .Btyie, ; - 1 oant hplp thinking that it he had been-: as vigorous on Pahnerston at Cjutlfiehl, he weuld have about ; landed the Corintiuui Cup. ( .(Jobes aside).> " Timbertop tops thetimber, withhis big weight ufo like a bird. Hisowm'fi partner whp; is dose handy, dbes not volunteer to show him the road, and, I imaglne, would rather be or? his stout Uttie cob in the coursing; field. Flretaii and Glowlsght are in their element at the pace being so toarni . The rivals, Hector and Tomboy, are doing their level best to eat each other down, the bone of contention being a new red coat for the rider of the one that is nearest to the finish. Mr. Madden is sailing along on old Caliph, hut suddenly a. stirrup-leather snaps, and the old gentleman- comes down heavily, but is not injured. He must have felt madd- enough to have eaten bis hat at being thus put out so early in the run. Mistake, in landing over a wall, broke down badly wd mooh sympathy w« expressed st Mr. Gienister 'a ill-luck. In fact, it was a d«ar hunt to him. in more senses than one, The Geelong Rallwav is oios&ed; close to Skeleton Creek, and, irn- a wander, therq are no falls oveii. It, a slip- piuel oa the oppotite side letting ;tha -maio- Bh juidawly AiexanderAndiuBt as we are pulling ourselves together a big thing, the hounds wheel round over the ' Meat-preserving Company's paddocks, aud make straight for Laverton. It|IIa eviu the distance is beginning to te!! b bounds and Horses; and, as# the stsr making for tiie sea, Mr. Watson very exceptioB of luOf » do«B, ap to . m«. Being within » few mile, of hfolbonrne, we jog quietly home. The ".prnd.! " tatelo. irmptad for, »nd its sole ocoop.nt hrtbe an- tacky Mistake. Next Sstardsy berng Geeloog SteepSechwe d.y, the hoODds wid here s speU ; but daring the week (I thtak Thursday) we are to have a day with tbe Fmdon harriers. „ MELTON MOWBRAY. 