Luke Stivers' Harvest. By N. Walter Swan. Chatter I.— Doings at Namigtmmie. ! ? *1 one oi ioc unvcucrs wno passed uiat way ueing persons of ordinary observation, could satisfactorily explain the reason of Karrgummic. Narrgummie was a village that straggled beside a waterholo which had never been known to run dry. Old hands called the hole Bullybig, and some times walked a mile or two from their route to look at its waters, of which they had memories and stories, and mysterious recollections, not to bo related even when the truth of wine was in them. Narrgummic was near no highway that was to be remembered. There was a looplinc of ruts from the Sydney main road to it, which the grass hid yearly, as it hides graves and bones ou the plains, with Is green, furrowed and surfed by the wind, giving it the motion of waters eternally stirred. Narrgummie liad a hotel built by convict labour from a tarn quarry. This some of the old hardfaced men, it was said, eyed scowlingly as though, like the pyramids, oach of the big rough stones had cost a life, and if so fierce a crediting was not correct then indeed the walls were reared, so the story ran, by desperate hands and in any maledictions. It might have been this strong house, with its moss-grown roof, that attracted the settlement, which in turn attracted an adven turous publican to erect another hostelry. The latter for a time boasted a straggling business, and finally dosed-off into desertion and wreck. Disjointed houses here and there strayed about the plot, seemingly tortured with rheumatic twists, sheltering families whoso 'heads' were nominally bullock drivers, and who supplemented thoir trade by horse dealing, and various other transactions open to enterprise. The Bullybig waterhole was a periodical haunt for the \- . aboriginals, who held their corroborries on the banks, and obtained square gin in exchange for opossum rugs and other products of the chase. A couple or three li ves'were generally waddicd into the happy hunting grounds at each of these reunions, and as the inquiries into the cause of death in variably ended in free fights, such episodes were regarded as eminently favouring trade, and rather to be encouraged as a national characteristic which the sons of the soil should be allowed to preserve as one of their most sacred rites. A black protector was once sent up to report on these matters, but, unfortunately for the early history of our country, he got drunk, and therewith was seized with such an access of literary ardour, that he wrote his paper, on the spur of a mOmcnt, on a butcher's block. This, it need scarcely be said, was so entangled that it was at once pigeon-holed for future reference. If any one possessed authority at Narrgummie, it was Mr. Mivers. Mr. Mi vers was a squatter and a bruiser ; he shore 50,000 sheep, and did all his own boxing. If a shearer had a complaint to make against the cook, he heard both sides impartially, and polislied-off the delinquent ; the delinquent being still required for service, and refusing to return, Mivers had a habit of polishing him into submission, and sending him back (painted) to his duties, when, as plight ; be expected, he rigorously pursued -them in a swollen and shining state for many days afterwards. One malcontent, known as John Shorter, and described as a broken-down gentleman, having been duly ^operated upon by! the* ' ; Narrgummie artist, refused to be comforted, and resorted' to reprisals. . But the vigorous and athletic Mivers having . ;his_ suspicions, caught Mr. Shorter lnnfllin«r a: fire bmeath his wool-shed, when he launched a crowbar at him with such force, «o true an aim, that both the snap's legs were broken. ' An ex-doctor, who emphyed himself onthe station in getting drunk and 'foot- rotting' /. .Sheep, 6et the bones so peculiarly that Shorter was a cripple ''.*!- fjnftifc; .? - * ; have hanged 'you, you know,' Mivers 6aid, ; ' when, after Bome months, Bhorter hobbled in for more than ,7 Wages, ' broken bones is bettor than a rope ; you ,3ifjjnt^our money, do you ? Not a cent, sir. Take your ^ self ©fff --r I'll give yon in charge. Yon'll tee if I don't.' hobbled out again withont speaking a word ; his fthin'pale fale face spoke a sermon ; Mr. Mivers did not see ; ' it/ and xoost probably he could not have understood it if he bpd. Bat all this was long ago; so distant a tune do a few years push back in the history of a young country, that the circumstance, for the matter of that, might bo regarded as having occurred in the' dim past.' Not so dim, however, but that men whose hair is now growing grey remember it ; not so distant but that many a shrivelled face grows hard at the memory, and many a heavy- jawed man has yet energy enough, and tire enough, to grate his teeth at it, and bring his great broad fist down upon the table with a clash and a ground-out curse. If much is changed, the characteristics of the village I write of still remain ; houses havesprung up between houses, and united them into something like streets ; there ft re the decrepid huts still to be seen, and the liehened fenccs yet creep across the ground, enclosing sor rel! ed paddocks. Besides these, other enclosures have been railed in, cultivation has stretched out far into the Tolling grass land, and the wave of settlement has surged up to the very confines of Mr. Mivers's freehold. The country here and there bears the fruit of human homes, and when the sun strikes down, casting long shadows through groups of wattles, the loneliness of the desert seems to have blossomed into industry, contentment, and peace around those finger-marks of the past.' The rough stone hotel was there not so long ago, and the sullen hos telry, when last seen, was rougher and dryer, and more lonely than ever. The feet of men and the tramp of horses pass it, breaking the peace of the still days, and starting abrupt echoes through its miserable bar and its silent rooms, whore were only the landlord and his daughter. The landlord of the 'Cnicorn is a white-haired man, with as many wrinkles in his queer face as there are years in a people's history ; he smiles toothlessly against such of the residents as choose to visit him for refresmente, and noise lessly rubs his palms in obsequious attention to the conver sation and wishes of his patrons. They have their cares, but he has nothing to mumble over, and when he shuts his face into something like repose, shortening it by an inch, and pulls at his beard in thought ; when at such times the sun comes in over his reverent hair and shambling self, it seems as though the unlaid ghost of a mysterious past was afloat in to-day's world, and curiously contemplating the all-living present, buoying up some unholy resolve with such strength as more than three score years can spare and a single purpose hope to attain. If the truth must be spoken, the heavy-footed men who visited Shorter were not impelled thither either by charity or reverence; those lean fingers of his had loaned money at interest, and were as tight upon some of them as though they were iron talons. There is always a writhe from a tight grip, and speculation was ceaseless as to how long the old fellow would last. Many of the sought-for drinks were but subterfuges to cover curiosity on this vital point. But there was another and, let us hope, a more laudable purpose actuating the few. In Shorter1 g daughter there seemed to dwell much magic in her lustreful eyes and bronze hair ; there was such unconscious dignity in her bearing, and so much of grace sat upon her and lived with her, that she drew admirers, and swayed them by never so much as an effort from her calm eyes, or a word from her scornful lips. The dresses which the old man gave her improved the fine 'proportions of her figure, and that supple buoyancy which the pride of life lent to her. Narrgummie wondered at her, open mouthed, and storekeepers and their assistants smouldered with jealousy against each other because of her. Her sisters of every degree shrugged their suspicions at one another, and charitably hoped, for the sake of others, mind you, she would be early found out. As to her character — shrugs and sorrowful head-shaking finished the sentence far more completely than words. Indeed, it is but just to these persons to say that the trade at the Unicorn improved immensely when Miss Shorter came home, whence she had been sojourning in parts unknown. The dull deserted place had been looked on as a reproach to the thriving and vigour which settlement bestowed gene rally, but now what house was becoming so frequented, not by selectors alone, but by young bloods of squatters, -who came, in irresistable dandyism to drink, and talk, and watch for her flitting figure and patrician face. Old Shorter was proud to see his patrons, he mouthed welcomes, and swore through the palsy of his years that he felt quite young again, and dated to have the honour of mixing with gentle men and obeying their behests. ' My daughter, gentlemen, would be here now, but she is visiting a poor selector's family, where there is poverty and sickness, but for that you would hear her express her grati tude at the condescension of your presence in the old man's house, and join her thanks with mine,' so saying, would old Shorter bow low and flutter humility, and liis thanks to the aristocrats of the Narrgummie district. Some years before thi6. time had begun to tell Mr. Mivers that his old force of muscle was leaving him. Shearers and servitors came who were quite capable, not only of resisting his polishings off, but of taking the role of the artist into their own fists, and after Mr. Mivers had, on one occasion, thrown up the sponge and returned to his homestead, he found he was painted and decorated in the highest style of art. Having brooded upon the matter, he resolved to betake himself and his bank balance to Mindorf. At Mindorf he could enjoy at ease the results of his in dustry, and the spoil of his cunning. Mr. Mivers, junior, was the successor, with carte blanch as to bullyism, and subtle instructions as to law. ' The hands' did not think Mr. Mivers, junior, was an improvement ; he used to polish off boys and old men with great valour, until one day Charley Wallace, the fencer, interfered and shook him savagely. Since that time the young squatter contented himself with suing servants for breaches of contracts (or absenting themselves from hired service, and for every other fault) of every degree which the statute could be stretched to cover. His judgment on such points as these was never doubted, and so young Mr. Mivers savod a large i portion of the working expenses. When Shorter's daughter began to attract attention Mivers rode over and lounged into the dark bar. The old man started, and looked hurriedly towards his shelves to bide the look that was in his eyes, and when he turned his face, threaded with wrinkles, it wore a flush of pleasure and satisfaction that flattered' this young gentleman. I To ' none was Shorter more humble, to none more ready to So a service. 'Would he step inside; he bad often hearjl of young Mr. Mivers, but .never expected to have such a plea~ surc. True, other gentlemen were beginning to honour him with their custom, but he, of all others, was honoured by the speaker. His hotel was but a poor one — very poor — for 'the accommodation of such a gentleman as Air. Luke T Mivers, but now that Mr. Mivers had found his way it was probable, was it not, he would come again. If Mr. Mivers was agreeable he should ask his daughter to thank him in her own ana her father's behalf for his courtesy and con descension.' The relic having flurried away with his oppressive civility, shut his face into repose, and when, after a short absence, he returned, it was to state that Margaret, would be presently down, and in the meantime would Mr. Mivers take something after his ride. ' By jove, that's good brandy,' coughed the visitor, who emptied his tumbler in a manly way ; ' it's better than I have at the station.' ' It's some, Mr. Mivers, which I got especially for cer tain customer?. I don't think it can be equalled in the district.' ' 'Pon my soul, this is a rummy kind of hotel, and you are just as rummy a landlord. I suppose you know I could get your license taken from you if I chose,' the customer remarked, with confiding candour. ' Of course I do sir ; yeur word is law here. I haven't been a year at Narrgummie, without knowing that. But ! let me venture the hope that there will be no reason for j your taking such a step.' I Mr. Mivers hoped they would not, but that waB the old man's lookout ; he merely said it, that they might under- j stand each other. ' My daughter, sir. Margaret, this is Mr. Mivers.' I 'By jove,' muttered Mivers, with an embarrassed shrinking. He shuffled towards her with his best bow, and looked at her with wonder, and blushed, and spluttered the j pleasure it gave him to see her. She calmly embarrassing ! him with her face. ' I little expected to have such a pleasure. They told ; me, you — you were dcvelish pretty, but, 'pon my soul, who'd a thought to see one like you in such a placc as this. Another glass of that brandy, Mr. Shorter, will — will you have anything. Miss Shorter ?' Miss Shorter declined. ' It's not the cost, you know. I'll stand anything you choose to have,' the gentleman said elegantly. ' I'll pay for it. Have you any champagne, Shorter ?' ' Sir, my daughter does not drink of anything.' ' Oh, come I say' ; turning to the girl, ' have a glass of champagne.' Miss Margaret Shorter smilod with a look that flashed all over the young squatter ; there was a certain dignity in it that made him dissatisfied and uneasy. ' I hope I have not been unintentionally rude. I did not mean any offence.' ' No one could take offence at good nature,' she laughed, letting her eyes catch his. He fidgettcd and heated like a school-boy, and to relieve the pause (Mr. Mivers for the life of him could not think of what to say), he drank some more brandy and water, and assured the lady it was the best he ever tasted. ' I am very glad indeed you find it to your-liking ; but you must take care, old brandy is strong.' This warning, given with her outstretched finger, and her face bowed slightly towards him. Mr, Mivers grew red with pleasure, while the old man brought his gums together. ' I should thank you for your kindness in coming to this ? humble place. It is not often-we have gentlemen for visitors. There is but little to amuse one in Narrgummie.' ' If you will but let me, Miss Shorter, I'll come to see you as often as you like. I mean as often as you'll permit. I will, by jove ; come, is it a bargain.' ' We shall always be happy to see you.' The visitor poured out another glass of brandy to keep up the conversation, as Miss Shorter rose, and giving a rich smile, which did not disturb the calm of her face, left the room. If while passing out the gentleman of so much condescension could have seen her expression of bearing and features he might have gained a warning, but he was in exuberant good humour with himself, which speedily be came apparent in the delicate way in which ho set about suborning the parent by the guile of affable intercourse. ' Bv jove, Shorter, I say old fellow, what a prize you've got. IN ever you mind, I was only jocking about the license. Look here, I'd get you half-a-dozen if you wanted them.' To which the host made reply, not allured from his humility, ' I thank you for the friendship you have ex pressed. May I venture to hope, sir, that we shall under stand each other, and that we may often have the honour of seeing you in our lowly little place ? ' ' By gad you may, old man,' slapping Shorter on the shoulder to seal the intimacy of the equality between them as thenceforth to be of the most friendly description. Help ing himself to more brandy, and inviting his host to drink with him, he waited and talked, and again drank, but the daughter did not return. When Mr. Mivers sought to remount his horse, the diffi culty of getting at the stirrups presented a grave obstacle, which was finally overcome by perseverance and liberal maledictions. Chapter II. — At Her Mercy. There is some kind of affection, or liking, or regard, whichever is the proper term in the coming connection 1 do not know, that grows up amongst the human kind of our - advanced civilization. It is not to be understood by analysis, or interpreted by motive. Of such a kind was the attachment of an old servant who dwelt at Narrgummie | station for Mivers senior and Mivers junior. Mr. Miver's j senior in his cruellest fits of bullying, or meanest efforts : to overreach and cheat, neither ill- used nor insulted old Blane. He had been with him at the time he took up the i run, and he alone of all his men had the courage to expostulate and advise ; and when the father gave the son j full charge, he left Blane to him as a legacy. The man was aged and rugged, but every thought and action that moved his withered body, or inspired his bedraggled life, had direct reference to the welfare of the Miver's family. Mr. Luke galloped bravely up to the house, walked suddenly in, and sat down, with a curse at his reeling head. Blane watched him shoulder past, and stood looking at him beneath his heavy brows in silence. ' What the devil aij3 you spying at,' asked Mr. Mivers, swaying his head round, and trying to look steadily at the servant. 'This, Mr. Luke, you are drunk. You swore to me when I got you out of yer last scrape ye'd never drink brandy or touch a card again.' '|Sbut up.' ' If this is to last, I leaves, an goes ta yer father ; I won't be a party to it an get his blame.' ' Shut up, do yc hear.' . . 'You ought to be ashamed of yerself ; you took to brandy once, an the devil himself couldn't stop you.' ' What do you mean,' asked Mr. Luke, suddenly rising and fronting the speaker, ' talk like that again, and I'fl knock you down, you miserable loafer.' The poor old face of the man reddened. ' A loafer, I never were. Many a pound I helped your father to cam, and many a bunder I saved him : that an't loafing.' '' ... ' Take yourself out or ? What do youmean interfer ing with me \ ' 'Where did you get the drink, sir? Have you been at Shorter's V ' ' Suppose I have.' ' Have you been at Shorter's, master Luke ?' ' Yes, and what of that ? ' defiantly. ' Look here, sir. I'v nursed you, I taught you to ride and swim, I carried ye on my back over them plains there through the summer evenins when you wouldn't hev no other but Blane. When your poor mother was dyin she i told me to look after you, and five minnits afore it happened too. Master Luke, ^he had the beautifullest face that ever I see, with hair as black as yours, and on me in this old face here she turned her eyes, an on that hand then,' he was holding it out trembling, and thinking only of the memories of the bedside away amongst the gone years, ' she laid her. hand, white as snow. ' Look arter the boy Blane,' says she, -an*lon't leave my husband, he knows you're faithful,' them's her words, so help me God. The master was away at the. time, an she died m the empty house, with only me an Mrs. Defter — true as heaven.' The speaker shut his eyes tremulously, and tears fell from them. ' You won't go to Shorter's, master'Luke ?' ' Who made you my keeper F' asked Mivers, still swaying. 'Your mother sir.' Blanc fluttered over to the door, turned the key, and stooa with his back against the lode. ' You don't leave this till vou promise : mv- words passed to the dead.' ' Open the door.' The servant put his trembling arm across his breast with out thought of flinch, although he saw the ugly look in the son's face that his 'father often wore. 'Open the door.' ' Promise me, master Luke, if only for ' ? The young man's fist smote the old man's temple, amongst the few white hairs that time had left him, and he fell over, striking the corner of a strong cedar chair. Hi« hair and breast were soon red, and the blood reached the floor, and crept upon his white apron, the stain growing slowly larger. He lay, with his body across the threshold. Mr. Luke Mivers turned for a candle wherewith to light himself to bed, but seeing reddening hair, and a growing stain ; seeing also the fixed face below him, he changed his mind, and stepping over the prostrated figure, went to the kitchen, and told them to run to the dining room and see to old Blane, who had fallen against a chair in a fit; also, to start a stockman for a doctor.' Master Luke returned to the dining-room after a time, and having partaken of more brandy, retired to sleep the sleep of the just. Blane lay silently in his bed for weeks thereafter. I and then faded out of life. If the blow struck in anger and in drunkenness did not bring remorse to Luke Mivers, it brought that young gentleman to brandy. He took it, he told himself, to drown, his sorrow for the fate of Blane, who brought it upon him self, and as he could not bear to look at the old man who had been so faithful, he left him to die in the little close room by the pantry. Such unpleasant thoughts he kept industriously from him with boisterous hilarity, when free from pain the sullen lethargy of a past debauch. In the mornings, when he pulled himself together and looked after station matters, he galloped over to Shorter's to see her for whom he thought he had hazarded so much. Her beauty grew upon him with the strength of a fetter, he welded it, and farther, misted himself by gifts that looked slight and fragile and beautiful, but were stronger than cables to bind and to hold. For a smile fiom her, such as she sometimes favoured him with, he would have journeyed for days together, and what with his black hair, his muscular figure, and large well-shaped features, his friends and peers, in Bedford cords and shining boots and spurs, beat a simulta neous retreat, and ' lucky Mivers,' was with great heart sinking, regarded as master of the situation. The apartment in which he sat and drank of the fine old brandy had been comfortably furnished, and when Margaret Shorter came in of an evening to sew and talk, he vowed to himself he never knew what happiness was before. It was a dark low room with distorted walls, and there was an unhealthy smell of mustiness allied to its dimensions, but all fled before the brightness of the evening candles and the far brighter presence that came with them. The young man knew her step and hungrily listened for it ; her voice startled him like the thought of a coming joy. By the fire, when the candles and the glow caught her hair, and spread and flickered on her brilliant face, he watched the expres sions that came and went with a kind of adoration that was madder and fiercer than cither of them knew. One evening she enriched him with her best smile, and leant from her chair towards him with all the grace that was her dower. ' Mr. Mivers, I am going to scold you.' ' That's right, Miss Shorter, then I can look at your face and hear your voice. ' ' You have not been attending to your business of late.' ' You know,' he answered, with something like pain in his voice ; ' I have been looking after station affairs closely, you wished me to do so and your wishes are my law.' ' Hush, you must not speak in this way: the days of gallant compliments are past.' 'Are they?' he answered simply, 'I don't know the days you mean ; I feel what I say, and you know it. Why will you treat me like a boy,' he asked, in a voice that trembled out from his heart . ' I would go through fire and water to serve you ; I'd perjure my soul for you — you whom six months ago I did not even know.' His earnestness was pathetic, and the passion which he never thought of restrain ing swept him like a torrent. ' You are too often in this place, Mr. Mivers, and the life you have entered upon during the last few months has unfitted you for your duties. You are compromising me. If my present place is an humble one, my character is as dear to me as though my father was jn his right position, and amongst his equals, in England. Keeping an hotel, and such an hotel, i6 not the most creditable way of making a livelihood I admit ; but so much the more need is there that my reputation should in no way suffer. There is scandel enough already, and brought about by you. I am free to say I have given you no encouragement. I have requested you, time after tipie, to cease the drinking, which ' is gaining a hold on you. I have warned you that your affairs must suffer, and I find that the interest I have taken in you is repaid by the circulation of reports which are cruel, concerning one whose only dependence and protection is her broken-down father.' The manner in which this was spoken had a power of expression, and a pathos that gave an unusual charm to her. . All the wealth of her face united with the fullness of her voice to effect a dangerous fascination, and, while bend ing towards him with her indescribable look, that lived far behind her eyes, there was just enough of appeal in her tones to lead to the thought that she was moved more than her calm eyes cared to show. ' Who are they who scandalize you, Miss Shorter?' the young man broke in with rough impetuosity. 'Just tell me, and if they don't rue it I'll never enter the place again. . Tell me who they are, and I'll make an example of them, if it costs me all I am worth. It's not fair of you to say you have no protector but your father. I'd walk barefooted to Melbourne to please you or save you from an unpleasant thought. Whose fault is it that you have no protector ? Have I not asked you to let me be one to you ; tell me now that you will have me as such. You see I am in earnest. You know I could never care for any one but you, and that no matter how 1 try. I do try indeed to come here less. I cannot keep away. I cannot remain parted from you.' The tears had fairly started into Mivers's eyes. Miss Shorter relapsed into the impregnable quiet of her bearing that there was no forcing. ' I have clearly expressed myself on all these points before,' but her eyes were shearing him of his strength, and binding him tighter than the wythes of Philistines. 'I know you are better than I am, for all you are in this miserable hole. I don't know how you got your education yourand lady manners, but you have them, and you are before me there. But I'll work and' plan to give you the finest house in Victoria, to give you any thing that money can buy, and what can't money do ? if you will but say yes, you'll be better and more beautiful than' the best of them.' She put her hand upon his arm, and it thrilled him, but there was as little tremor' in her strong white fingers as in her voice, ' 1 believe you '—her shapely arm was partly bared, and she looked at his eyes from the inscrutable depths of hers—' there is no probability of my ^anoina my resolution.' '.He replied, with unthinking excitement, ' You will change, if I lose niy soul, for it. WhydoLtind myself so tied to you, and why have you made yourself the one thought that fills my life, yet from it coming only the one unchanging answer? Your eyes look through me, and follow me, and live in my sleep. You have struck me down, and refuse to stoop to me with one encouraging word. You shall never have another protector, not having me.' He rose while speaking, bearing upon him that manfulness which earnestness gives. His fresh face was flushed, and the evidences of fierce excitement were in it. Thus, to her, he never looked better or more worthy, but the eyes he saw looked placid and changeless as stars.' ' You forget, Mr. Mivers, you are threatening.' ' Forgive me, Miss Shorter, I think I am mad.' 'If you are not mad you have been drinking.' The lady rose quietly to leave the room. ''.Step one moment. You say I have threatened, what ?h' f mr^Jen?' A change, so marked, had come to him. that Miss Shorter gave him a rapid glance of inquiry. ' You should remember your own words.' His face had grown sullen, and his brows gathered closer, till he 'wore the look the station hands well knew. The expression of the one pure and disinterested feeling that had found a place in lus life seemed changing before ? the dominant temperament and coarse strategy that had been bequeathed to him. His was a nature only to be ? purified by trial ; it was earnest and coarse, but not mean. The tarnish was plain when again he repeated the question, but she made no answer. ' I know what I said, mind you, and, what is more, I mean it. You have caught me — I don't [deny it. I am in your power, for good or bad — I don't deny that either. See, I put it to you as openly as I can. It pleased you to ? make a slave of me, and you have done it, and yet you care no more for me than for that tumbler; even slaves don't care to see themselves supplanted- I don't, for one. Would you remember this for your own sake, if not for mine, and for his, whoever he may be.' In a very gracious and concerned way she came close to the bullying face of Mivers, and again placed her hand upon his arm. ' This childish excitement is very unlike you. I know. jour kindness, and I prophecy you will be sorry to-morrow for what you said this evening ; good night.' Mivers looked after her, as she left the room, with a brightened face ; then, -with a sigh sequelled by a curse, he measured out a 'wine glass of brandy, and, having emptied it, shivered it on the hearth. Chapter III. — Mr. Mivers' Mentoh. Neither the young man who was frowning at the fire before the thoughts that dropped down from his past count ing his errors and follies, as beads count prayers, nor the young lady who was tiying the effect of a steel clasp on black velvet against her throat, knew how dangerous he was. She had borne him down and goaded or joyed him as pleased her caprice, but did not guess what possibilities might be born of some mad moment when his passion for her would be swept by another yet more irrcsistable and wild. It was six months from the time he first entered her father's door way, when she startled him with the sudden embarrassment that beauty commands and laughs at. For his part he thought years had passed since he stammered his offer of champagne, and first became aware of the grace that adorned her, as music adorns a poem. How could he, the comely, raw, sullen youth, wno had never denied himself a pleasure, whether purchased by cruelty or money, tell that the more ravishingly the siren sung, the more dangerous were the locks. Here was a miserable public-house, kept by an old man stumbling beside his grave, wearing ceaseless humility and patience towards him, and he her father. Where were the principles drifting which his own father had in culcated to guide him in his struggle with the world ? The virtue of hitting it below the belt, and drawing money, as lovers draw blood. The charm of money power, the bullyism it sustains and protects, and the indescribable inferiority and vagabond scoundrelism of those who have none, and their general fitness to be trampled on. All., this seemed likely to be swept away by the wave of a woman's hand, who was trolling to herself in the next room, and twisting her legacy of hair into lustrous and curious folds, with rapid fingers. He who had bo vigorously commenced to work and bully, to enlarge his purse, and march hereafter in the imperial purple of mammon, who looked on every pound made as added strength to his purpose, and added surety to his power, felt vaguely like standing before a broken god, and flaunted by one whom the idol could not compel to reverence. When Shorter entered, Mivers spoke. ' You know the Tcason of my coming here week after week, and month after month. I've spent hundreds in this house just to please her, and to please you — being her father. To-night she has thrown me from her, as she did once before, as if I was a worn-out shepherd. Her character is dragged through the mud by people in the township,' he urged brutally, ' and I have offered her my name and my home to protect her.' 'Your sincerity and earnestness do you honour, whatever the Mivers' may have been. You undoubtedly arc a gentleman — an honourable and straight-forward gentle man.' There was1 irony in the voice and face that had bridged the passage of so many years, and a furtive shine in the speaker's eyes as cold as the moonstruck waters to be seen beyond the crooked doorway, but his hand kept possession of his mumbling face, like a curtain, and passed down his beard, leaving behind the humble look and the threaded features with an expression of waiting. ' I hope I am a gentleman. I have acted as such to you both, but don't think, because I owe you a few hundred pounds; I'm in your power. If it is arranged that I am to be deceived and cast aside, it would be better to let me knowatoncc.' ' Sir,' Mr. Shorter interrupted, holding his hands tightly upon his knees, ' I have not insulted you by allud ing to your debt to me. That is a secret to be kept between ourselves, and one that I regard as sacred from my daughter. Permit me to say, sir, that you are too young to know the way6 of women. They who take a refusal after your fashion, can but know little of the pleasure it is to them to keep up a pursuit that calls forth all the tenderness, and developes all the warmth of feeling, and the sincerity of purpose, of the man who avows himself the lover.' ' That is true, Shorter.' ' Stay, sir. I wish you to understand that I know noth ing of my daughter's feelings towards you, and I wish you , to know that I never will compel my daughter into any step that might be distasteful to her, even if I had the power, which I most undoubtedly have not. An affair of the kind such as you hint at shall be wholly free from any interference on my part. ' ' 'But—' ' Only a few more words. I do not intend to allude to 1 this subject again. My daughter's position in society, if she were in the enjoyment of that which is her due, is quite equal to yours, though your father's estate were double the j size, and your prospects, good as they are, infinitely better. In reference to the money transaction you now mentioned, ? your remarks compel meto repeat, what I told you at first, the advance is not mine, it is a loan I have borrowed from a friend in Melbourne to oblige you, and in duty to myself I must remind you that I have advised you to call less at this place, and to attend to the duties of your station more closely than you have done during the past few months.' The old man, having spoken deliberately, uulosed the clasp of his hands upon his knees, and rose, with a show of authority upon his face, but never forgetting the humility of his bearing. 41 1 say, Shorter, don't mind what I have said ; don't say anything about it, there's a good fellow. She'd never for give me : and. look here, I wouldn't lose her for all the old man's worth and himself to boot. We're friends : shake hands, there.' He thrust his hand, full of strength and youth, forward, till it touched the blue nails and loose skinned fingers of the landlord, but the latter drew suddenly back. ' No, sir. I hope I know my position ; whatever I ought to be, I am now but the keeper of this tumble-down place, and you are Mr; Mivers. I shall never forget that,' emphasising, himself, with a laugh, ' believe me I shall not foiget that. Come, sir, its late and I am getting old.' Mr. Shorter's laugh was the ghostliest part of the ghost his life carried ; his educated voice and bearing offered no such contrast to the twilight that 'lived like an eternally closing day in his twisted bar, as did his laugh, dragged forth to serve his purpose— that purpose the oue live thing of Ms dead and buried past. ' You're right, Mr. Shorter, it is time to go, and you have given me good advice, and shown that you are a friend.' 'Am I?' murmured Shorter, with his hand repeating the passage of his beard slowly, while listening to the plashing canter of the impatient horse. ' Like father, like son. Ani I ? Are you, Shorter, a friend of the Mi verses?' Mr. Shorter laughed again, and rubbed his gums together. 