fixtures 2BL MISS BRADDON, Aunioiiites ci ''AimoaA J. Floyd," Ita, ie. Chafteu-OCXVIII. fading) in music "Mrs WINSTANLEY, on her marriage, by the Duchess of Dovedale." e, .-, That was the sentence which went on repeat i$g\Oitself like. a cabalistic formula in Pamela Winstanley's mudflats her carriage drove through the dark silent woods to Ashbourne on the long sight of the year, if I salesman idea had taken possession of her small mind. The Duchess was the "fittest person to present her to_her_graoious_mUtie8S, or her gracious mistress' representative, at the first drawing-room of the'comingImabqu. Mrs Winstanley had old friends, friend who has known her, her girlhood, who would have been happy to undertake the office. Captain Winstanley had an ancient female relative, living in a fossil at its, at Hampton Court, and vaguely spoken of as a connection," who'' would willingly, have emerged frdrnKeraristocratioherm'tageto present Perkin's man's bride i to, her sovereign, and 'whom the Captain deemed the proper sponsor for his wife on that solemn occasion, but what seeing value had a-fossilised Cady Susan'Winstanley, of whom arvdutiide world knew nothing when weighed in the, balance with the Duchess of Dovedale? No; Mrs. Winstanley felt that to be presented by the Duchess was the one thing needful to her happiness. ' ' Itiwas'a dinner of thirty people ; quite a state dinner.; The finest and newest orchirUphid been" brought out of their houses and the dinner-table I looked like a tropical forest in little. Vixen went in'tb'diiiner.with Lord Elnn^owaii^wbich was an unappreciated honor, is that nobleman had very little to say for himself, except under extreme pressure, and in his normal level and only smile and look good-natured. '.Itlduricic Vawdrey was ever so far away, between his betrothed and an enormous dowager in sky-blue velvet and diamonds '"' After dinner there was music. Lady Mabel played a dreary minor melody, chiefly remarkable for its delicate modulation from shares to flats and back again. ' A large gentleman sang an Italian basso song, hit which the company smiled rapidly ; a small young lady sighed and languished through "Nor ever j" and then Miss Tempest and Lord Malloy sang a duet. , j i This was the success of the evening. They were' asked to sing again and again, They were allowed to monopolise the piano and before the evening was over everyone had decided that Lord Mallow and Mrs Tempest were engaged. Only the voices of plighted lovers could be expected to harmonise as well as that. dinghey must have sung very often together," said the duchess to Mrs. Winstanley. 2" Only within the last fortnight. Lord Mallow never stayed with us before, you know. He, is my husband's friend. They were brother-officers, and have known each other a long time. Lord Mallow insists upon Violet singing every evening. He is passionately fond of music." 1 Very pleasant," murmured the Duchess approvingly and then she glided on to shod the sunshine of her presence upon another group of guests. Carriages began to be announced at 11 that rises say, about half-an-hour after the gentlemen had left the dining-r.iom-but the Duke insisted that people should stop till 12. "We must see the old year out," he said. " It is a lovely night. We can go out on the terrace and hear the Ringwood bells." This is how Violet and Lou! Mallow happened tossing so many duets. There was plenty of time for music during the hour before midnight. After the singing, a rash young gentleman, pruning to distinguish himself Somehow a young man with a pimply complexion, who had said with Don Carlos, " three-and-twenty years of age, and nothing done for immortality recited Tenny Son's Farewell to the Old Year, in a voice which was "like 'anything but a trumpet, and with gesticulation painfully suggestive of Saint Vitus. she long suite of rooms terminated in an orangery,, a substantial stone building with tesselated pavement, and wide windows opening on the terrace. The night was wondrously mild. The full moon shed her tender light upon the dark JWeat,'the shining water-pools, the distant blackness of a group of ancient yew trees on the crest of a hilL Ashbourne stood high, and the view from the terrace was at all times magnificent, but perhaps finest of all in the moon- light. The younger guests wandered softly in and out of the rooms, and looked at the golden oranges glimmering against their dark leaves, and put themselves into positions that suggested the possibility of flirtation. Young ladies whose study of German literature had never gone beyond Ollendorff gazed pensively at the oranges and murmured the song of Mignon. Couples of maturer growth whispered the details of rich ivory scandals behind perfumed, fans. affixes and Rose were among these roving couples, t Violet had left the piano, and Roderick was" off-duty. Lady Mabel and Lord Mallow were deep in the wrongs of Ireland. Captain Winstanley was talking agriculture with the Duke,, whose mind was sorely exercised about guano.' " My dear sir, in a few years we shall have used. up. all the guano, and then what can become of us !" demanded the Duke. " Talk about our exhausting our coal ! What is that compared with the exhaustion of guano ? We may learn to exist without fear. Our winters are becoming milder; our young men are going in for athletics; they can keeprthemselves warnTTiporTbicycles. And then we I have the gigantic, coalfields of America, the vast basin of the Mississippi to fall back upon, with ever-increasing facilities in the mode of transport. But civilisation must come to a deadlock when we have no more guano. Our grass, our turnips, our mangel, must deteriorate. We shall have no more prize cattle. It is too awful to contemplate "But do you really consider such a calamity at all probable, Duke ?" asked the Captain. " Probable, Sir ? It is inevitable. In 1868 the Chincha Islands were estimated to contain about 8,000,000 tons of guano. The rate of exports tion had at that time risen to 400,000 tons per annum. At this rate the three islands will be completely exhausted by, the year 1888, and England will have to exist without guano. The glory of the English people, as breeders of prize oxen, will have departed." ' Chemistry. will have discovered new fertilisers by that time,"'iuggested the Captain, in a com- forting tone, " Sir," replied the Duke severely, " the discoveries of modern science tend to the chimerical rather than the practical. Your modern scientist can liquefy oxygen, they can light a city with electricity, but they cannot give me anything to increase the size and succulence of my turnips, virgil knew as much about agriculture as does your modern chemist." ,, iuISlniiBh£of Publishing "Vixen in Queensland -"I was purchased by the proprietors of the QueaulamUr. While the Duke was holding forth about guano, Vixen and Rose were on the terrace in the still less and moonlight. There was hardly a breath of wind It might have been a summer evening Vixen was shrouded from head to foot in a: white cloak which Rose had fetched from the room where the ladies had left their wraps. She looked all white land solemn in the moonlight, like a sheeted ghost Although Air Vawdrey had been civil enough, to go in quest of Violet s cloak, and had seemed especially desirous of bringing her to the terrace, he was by no means delightful now he had got her there. They took a turn or two in silence, broken only by a brief remark about the beauty of the night, and the extent of the prospect. "l think it is the finest view in the Forest," and Vixen, dwelling on the subject for lack of! anything else to say ' \o\x must be very fond of Ashbourne I don't exactly recognise the necessity The view is superb, no doubt, but the house is fright- fully commonplace It is a little better than Briarwood That is about all which an enthuse astic admirer could advance in its favor How I much longer does Lord Mallow menu to take up j his abode with you ? ! Vixen shrugged her cloaked shoulders with in action that seemed to express contemptuous care he sess , ' I haven't the least idea. That is no business ' of mine, you know I I don't know anything of the kind retorted ] Rone cautiously I should have thought it was very much your business I should you, really said Vixen mockingly. If that gentleman's temper was execrable, the I lady s mood was not too amiable I s i es Are not you the load star ? It is your ' presence that makes the Abbey House pleasant to him Who can wonder that he protects his stay ? ' ' ' He has been with us a little more than a fog at night. hill He has been with you an age Mortals who are taken up to Paradise seldom stay so long Sweet dreams are not be long A fortnight in the same house with you, meeting with you at breakfast, parting with you at miduight,s,oemg your at noontide and afternoon, walking with you, riding with you, singing with you, kneeling down to I family prayer at your side, mixing his 'Amen with yours , why he might as well be your husband at once. He has as much delight in your society " , | 1 " You forgot the hours in which he is shooting pheasants and playing billiards " j ' Glimpses of purgatory, which make his heaven all the more divine, said Rorio Well, it is none of my business, as you said just now There are people born to be happy, I suppose , creatures that come into the world under a lucky star ' I I ' Undoubtedly, and among them notably Mr rViwdrey» who has everything that the heart of a reasonable man can wish, "So said Solomon, and yet he had his moan " Oh there is always a crumpled rose leaf in everybody a bed. And if the rose leaves were all smooth as an would crumple one superposed, in order to have something to grumble about link, Hone ! cried Vixen, with a sudden cb rule of tone, as the disc silvery chime, of Ringwood bell came lighting over the woodland distance-the low moonlit hills , don the cross the old je r is dying Kuttieuibor the days that are gone when you and I used to think a new year a thing to be glad abouts And now what can the now years bring us b df so good as that which the old ones have taken away ! ' ) She had slipped her little gloved hand through his arm and drawn very near to him moved by Luder thoughts of the post He looked down at her with eyes from which all anger had Vanished There was only Ion of in the deep love love such as a very affectionate brother might per chance gave his only sister but it must be owned that brothers capable of such love are rare 'No, child, he murmured sadly f'Yoirs to come eau bring us nothing, so good or so dear as the past. Every new year will drift us farther ' They were standing at the end of the terrace tar these from the oranges y w indo w3 out of in back the Duchess and her visitors came trooping to hear the Ringwood chimes Rose and Vixen kept quite apart from the rest they stolid silent, arm in arm, looking across the landscape to wards the winding Avon and the quiet part of town, hidden from them by intervening hills Yonder, nestling among those grassy hills lies Moyle's Court, the good old English manor house where noble Alice Lisle sheltered the fugitives from Sedgemoor, paying for that one act of womanly hospitality with her life 1 u them away, on the Banks of the Avon, is the quiet churchyard where that gentle martyr of Jellreja lust for blood takes her long, rest The creeping spleen wort thrives amidst the gray stones of her tomb In Vixen those things were so similar that it was as if She could see them with her bodily eyes, as she looked across the distance, with its mysterious shadows, its patches of silver light 'the bells chimed with their tender cadence, half joyous, half sorrowful The swallowed spirits among the guests chattered about the beauty of the night and the sweetness of the bells Deeper souls were silent, full of saddest thoughts Who is there that has not lost something in the years gone by which earth's longest future can to restore Î Only eternity can give back the ravished treasures of the dead years Violet s lips trembled and were dumb Roderick saw the tears rolling down her pale cheeks, and offered no words of consolation He knew that she was thinking of her father " Dear old squire, he murmured gently, after an interval of silence "How good he was to me, and how fondly I loved him 1 That speech in as the sweetest comfort he could have entered Vixen gave his arm a grateful hug " Thank God there is someone who remembers him, besides his dogs and me |" she exclaimed and then she hastily dried her tears, and made herself ready to meet Lord Mallow and Lady Mabel Ashbourne, who were coming along the terrace towards them talking gaily Lord Mallow had a much wider range of subjects than Mr Vawdie^ He had read more, and could keep pace with Lady Mabel in her highest flights , science literature, politics, were all as one to him. He had crammed his vigorous young mind with everything which it behoved a man panting for parliamentary distinction to know. " Where have you two people been hiding your selves for the last half hour ! asked Lady Mabel .' You were wanted badly just now for Blow, Gentle Gales ' I know you can manage the bass, Rone if you like ' " Lo, behold the pennant waving ! sang Rose in deep full tones " Yes, I can manage that much ata push. You seem music mad to night, Mabel The old year is making a swan lake end fading in music ' Rose and Vixen were still standing arm in arm , rather too much as if they belonged to each other Lady Mabel thought. The attitude was hardly in good taste, according to Lady Mabel s law of taste which was a code as strikes Draco s The bells rang on " The new year has come 1 ' cried the Duke "Let us all shake hands, in the friendly German fashion On this there was a general shaking of hands, which appeared to last a long time It seemed rather as if the young people of opposite sexes shook hands with each other more than once Lord Mallow would hardly let Violet s hand go once having it in his hearty grasp " Hail to the first new year we greet together, he said softly " May it not be the last I I feel that it must not, cannot be the lost. ' You are wiser than I, then, ' Vixen answered coldly for my feelings tell me nothing about the future except -and here her face beamed at him with a lovely smile- ' except that you will be kind to Bullfinch. "If I were an emperor I would make him a consul, answered the Irishman _ - He had contrived to separate Roderick and Vixen The young man had returned to his allegiance and was escorting Lady Mabel Back to the house Everybody began to feel chilly, now that the bells were silent, and there was a general hurrying off to the carriages, which were standing in an oval ring round a group of depo doors in front of the porch on the other side of the house Bone and Vixen met no more that night Lord Mallow took her to her carriage, and sat opposite her and talked to her during the homeward drive Captain Winstanley was smoking a cigar on the box His wife slumbered peacefully "I think I may be satisfied with Theodore, ' she said, as she composed herself for sleep, " my dream was not quite the worst in the room, was it, Violet! " It was lovely, mamma. You can make yourself quite happy," answered Vixen truthfully , whereupon the matron breathed a gentle sigh of content, and lapsed into slumber. They had the Boldrewood road before them, a long hilly road cleaving the very heart of the Purest ; a road full of ghosts at the best of times, but offered a Walpurgis revel of phantoms on such a night as this to the eye of the belated wanderer. How ghostly the deer were, as they skimmed across the road and flitted away into dim distances, mixing with and melting into the shadows of the trees! The little gray rabbits, sitting upon end, were like circles of hobgoblins that dispersed and vanished at the approach of mortals. The leafless old hawthorns, rugged and crooked, silvered by the moonlight, were most ghost-like of all. They took every form, from the most unearthly to the most grotesquely human. Violet'Bat wrapped in her furred white mantle, watching the road as intently as if she had never seen it before. She never could grow tired of these things. She loved them with a love which was part of her nature. 4 " What a delightful evening ! was it not ?" asked Lord Mallow. ' ' " I suppose it was very nice," answered Violet coolly I " but I have no standard of comparison., It was my first dinner at Ashbourne." " What a remarkably clever girl Lady Mabel is Mr. Vawdrey ought to consider himself extremely fortunate." ' I have never heard him say that he does not so consider himself." " Naturally. But I think he might be a little more enthusiastic. He is the coolest lover I ever' saw." a- ' i i i "Perhaps you judge him by comparison with Irish lovers. Your nation is more demonstrative than ours." ' ' ' ? " Ob, an Irish girl would cashier such a fellow as Mr. Vawdrey. But I may possibly misjudge him. You ought to know more about him than I. You have known him-" ' , t" 1 " " All my life," said Violet simply. " I know that, he is good and stanch and true, that he honored Ida mother, and that he will make Lady Mabel Ashbourne a very good husband. Perhaps if she wore a little less cloves and a little more human he might be happier" with her!'but!nó doubt that will come alright in time."', J " Any way it will be all the same in a century | or so,',' assented Lord Mallow. " We are going to have lovely weather as long as this moon lusts, I believe. Will you go for a long ride to-morrow like that first rides ones?" < ," When I took you all over the world for sport!',',said Vixen laughing. "I wonder you are inclined to trust me, after that. If Captain Winstanley likes I don't mind being your guide again tomorrow.", ' . i I I Captain Winstanley shall like, I'll answer for that I would make his life unendurable if he were to refuse." ' , 