Tales and Sketches THE HAMILTONS (Chambers's' Journal.) CHAPTER IV.—SHE IS MY SISTER—ALMOST. The sitting-room at the farm had, as is usual with colonial rooms, two doors, one opening as I have described to the front verandah, the other leading out to the back-court, through which meals were carried from the kitchen. Just inside this back-door, Jack was seated one Saturday forenoon, reading a four months' old English newspaper with as keen a relish as home people have for their morning's Times. It was an oppressively hot day, and Robert had insisted on sending him indoors earlier than usual out of the midday sun. 'You must take a little care this first summer,' he had said. 'or we shall be having you laid up with sunstroke before you have become acclimatised.' So he sat by the open door trying to catch the ghost of a cool breeze and reading his newspaper. Bessie was in her own room, and Bertie was taking his siesta, while Phyllis was in the kitchen preparing the dinner. Jack was entertained during the hour he sat there by the nondescript character of the levee she held at her kitchen door. First came Sam, the general factotum of the household, a big slouching lad of thirteen, who wore such an old jacket that it was a marvel how it hung together, and a wide-awake hat without any brim to it. 'Please miss, master wants some chopped eggs, cos there's two broods of young turkeys comed out up at the hill- paddock, and master has a-driven of 'em into the shed.' 'That's good news, Sam,' said Phyllis cheerily. 'Sit down here in the cool while I boil the eggs. Will you have a drink of tea?' 'Eas miss,' said Sam with a bashful grin, plucking off the brimless hat, as Phyllis had taught him to do in her presence. In Australian kitchens, by the way, as in many of the humbler dwellings in Scotland, the teapot is absolutely never off the stove, and tea is being consumed all day by farm- servants. They seem to have an unlimited capacity for it, and at shearing-time and harvest it is sent out to the men by the bucketful. The eggs were boiled and chopped, and Sam departed to provide for the wants of the interesting brood. Phyllis was seen by Jack from time to time as she crossed the gloom within the kitchen-door, while out in the yard the sun poured down his fierce uninterrupted rays. The next arrival on the scene was Judy Malony, a native of Erin, who drove up in a cart drawn by a very old white horse, which seemed delighted to be allowed to stand still, holding down its head, and only shaking its ears slightly by way of a gentle remonstrance to the flies. Judy lived about two miles off, and came weekly for the family washing. She had placed a chair in the cart, on which she sat in solitary state ; and as she was attired in a grass-green gown, a straw bonnet trimmed with yellow ribbon, of which the design seemed to be to have as many streamers as possible, and a scarlet handker- chief round her neck, the effect of the whole was brilliant in the extreme. 'Sure, Miss Phyllis,' she said in a rather high-pitched voice, as that damsel came to the door, 'an' its meself is glad to see you lookin' so well this blessed day, an' the very marrow like to be melted in me bones.' 'It is very hot, Mrs. Maloney. I have the clothes ready for you. Will you come in and have a cup of tea?' 'Well, then, I would need to come down out of the cart, my dear, an' it is easier to sit still where l am. But if you will just give me the tea, i' faith I will be glad to drink it, far I am as dry as an old leather brogue.' The tea was poured out of Phyllis's inexhaustible teapot and brought out, accompanied by a large slice of currant cake. 'Well, indeed he does, poor man; an' it's but seldom he gets it,' said Judy. 'For what with the washin' an' the cleanin' an' the soakin' an' the mendin', I have but little time for cakes an' the like of that. Ah! it was like your sweet self, me dear, to think of poor old Judy; the saints bless you for it, darlin'.' ' I hope they will,' said the girl, laughing. 'And how are all down your way doing, Mrs. Maloney?' 'An' wasn't l up all last night with Mrs. Murphy that has two as I beautiful twins as ever your eyes looked on? 'Twins! poor woman!' said Phyllis com miseratingly. 'That makes six altogether. What a handful for her!' 'Well then, my dear, an' the ways of Providence is puzzling sometimes. I says to her this morning: "Mrs. Murphy," says I, "as the lord as denied the affliction of children to me an Pat, just give me one of them two beauties, an' it's myself will be a mother to it, an' likewise Pat a father, or I'll know the reason why.' For, Miss Phyllis darlin', you know I have two as fine cows as ever was calved on this island; an' the child would niver have wanted bit nor sup as long as I could give it. But what does Mrs. Murphy do but fall a-crying and a-kissing of 'em both, an' says she, "Misthress Maloney," she says, 'here is thanks to you for your kind offer; but to part with one of them blessed babbies I never could." Here Judy heaved a deep sigh, and emptying her cup, handed it back to Phyllis. 'Well, perpaps she was right,' said the girl. 'They say that when God sends a mouth He gives something to feed it. I'll walk over to see her to-morrow, Mrs. Maloney, and bring her some strong soup. Tell her so, please; and tell her I wish her good-luck of her children. Here are the dothes, and here is the cake wrapped up in paper.' 'I thank you kindly, mavourneen,' said Judy, turing her cart. ' An' a sight of your party face will do the poor dear good. An' may the blessed Virgin see your own dear missus safe through her trouble; an' any hour by day or night its Judy Maloney will come when she is called.' With which adieu Mrs. Maloney drove off, and as the rumble of the cartwheels died in the distance, silence again settled down over the farm. About a quarter of an hour passed quietly, and then the sound of a trotting horse was approaching, and presently a powerful bay, ridden by a stalwart young man, came into the yard. 'How do you do, Mr. Campbell?' said Phyllis, coming to the door again. The young man dismounted and slipped his horse's bridle over a post which was erected in the yard for the purpose. He was a young Scotch farmer, quite a near neighbour of the Hamiltons, his farm being only twelve miles off. His face was at present of a deep crimson, partly from the heat, and partly from the excitement of seeing Phyllis, whom he admired greatly, though as yet he had 'never told his love.' 'Did you get your horse across the water easily?' she asked as they shook hands. 'O yes,' he answered; 'the float was on the other side, and I poled him over. He knows the way now, I think, Miss Phyllis, though it is so long since I have been here.' I suppose you have been busy, as we have. Our shearers only left this week, and we were all glad to see the last of them. We have had, as you are doubtless aware, an arrival since you were last here, Mr. Hamilton's brother James. Will you come into the parlour and see him? Crossing the yard to where Jack was sitting, Phyllis introduced the two men to one another, and then disappeared to finish her cooking, leaving them to get on as they best might in each other's society. Jack thought the young man plain and sensible, and by no means difficult to talk to, as they discussed the shearing just finished and the harvest about to commence, and all the numberless details interesting to farmers. Only he noticed that whenever Phyllis came into the room, which she presently did to lay the cloth far dinner, the young Scotchman's manner became somewhat awkward and uneasy, while her slightest movements seemed to be fraught with an irresistible fascination. Jack noticed also that on these occasions he caught himself hating the Scotchman in quite an unreasonable manner: for what object, he asked himself, could he possibly have for feeling indisposed towards this good yeoman, with the smooth fair hair and brilliant complexion? When Robert had come in and they were all seated at table, Mr. Campbell unfolded his mission, bashfully and with many blushes. There was to be a dance at Glen Assynt, only five-and-twenty miles off; it was to be given by the bachelors of the neighbourhood— said neighbouring meaning a circuit of forty miles— and they would one and all consider any such festivity incomplete without the presence of Miss Phyllis. (These were early days; and where now the flourishing township of Glen Assynt stands, there were only a few scattered cottages; but the first store had just been built, and the ball was to be given in the large ware-room before the goods were moved into it.) Mr. Campbell took from his pocket three elaborately written cards of invitation, which had been composed with care by the best penman among the bachelors; and one he delivered to Phyllis, one to Jack, and one to Bessie and her husband. The eyes of the first-named sparkled and her cheeks flushed with pleasure, but she glanced dubiously at her sister. 'You can't go Bessie, she said hesitatingly; 'and I don't see how I can leave you.' ' Nonsense, child,' answered Bessie briskly. Do you think I am going to stand in the way of your pleasure? You have so few changes, Phyllis, you must go. Robert will stay and take care of me, and Jack will go and take care of you. So that is settled. Jack had been looking down rather superci liously at his card ; a dance in a store with a lot of country lads and lasses was not par ticularly to his taste. And besides he was not at all sure that he wanted Phyllis for himself; yet he experienced a vague uneasiness at the idea of bringing her into the midst of all the bachelors of the neighbourhood to be doubtless the belle of their ball. ' Five-and-twenty miles seem a long way to go for one evening's amusement,' he said in a lukewarm tone,' and we are so busy ; I don't know that Mr. Hamilton can spare me.' 'Spare you! laughed Robert; 'of course l can. Why, we think nothing here of riding twenty or thirty miles to see our friends ; if we did, we should soon forget what human faces were like. Of course you must go, and I'll stay at home and take care of my old lady.' 'It was therefore settled that Jack and Phyllis were to ride on to the farm of Mr. Campbell on the morning of the ball, and were to leave their horses there, and be driven on to Glen Assynt in his light wagon. Phyllis's dress was to be sent on before in one of the drays to Campbellton, where she could change her riding habit for ball costume. This ar rangement made the young Scotchman's face glow more deeply than ever with pleasure; while Jack, who now disliked the whole thing excessively, for reasons best known to himself, looked positively sulky. He went out to his work after dinner without saying a word to any one, and when be came back in the evening young Campbell was gone. He was sitting in the front verandah after tea, smoking and looking at the lake, in which one or two stars were beginning to be reflected, when Phyllis came out and stood beside him for a minute or two. 'I am afraid,' she said gently, 'that you think the going to this dance will be a great deal of trouble, and that you will not care for it much after you are there. Please do not mind going just for me. I would rather give it up than that you should be bothered.' Jack felt thoroughly ashamed of himself in a moment. It flashed into his mind how hard the girl worked, how little amusement she had, such as other young girls he had known were used to, and he took himself to task severely for his selfishness. And besides, as be looked up into her face, he thought it looked wondrously fair in the twilight, and that a shadow of trouble or regret lay in the sweet and gentle eyes. 'Why Phyllis,' he said, rising and taking her hand,' what a selfish sort of fellow you must think me! Do you think I can't see how much you do for us all every day, and could I refuse to do such a little thing for you? Of course I will go with you. Who should go to take care of you, if your brother did not? It was the first time it had occurred to him that such a relationship might really be said to exist between them, and by a sort of in tuition he guessed that by making use of it he might establish a more satisfactory state of things, and draw aside the veil of coldness and reserve which seemed to separate them. For lately he had taken to thinking that Phyllis was more reserved than ever with him. With Robert and Bessie she was frankly affectionate. To little Bertie she was a sort of second mother. To every living thing about the place, from Sam the lad-of-all-work, to the dogs that came to lie by her kitchen fire, and the chickens that ran about her feet in the yard, she was kindly and friendly. Only Jack felt that somehow he was left out in the cold; and though he often told himself that he was by no means in love with her, he nevertheless longed to share in this universal friendliness. Her face brightened at once, though she drew away her hand gently. 'You are very good,' she said, 'and of course I shall be glad to have you with me, if you will be so kind.' Then she turned back into the house, and Jack went on with his pipe and his meditations. 'She is very gentle and beautiful and good, and she is my sister—almost. Why should we not be friendly and fond of one another in that way? Any man might be proud of such a sister. I will be kind to her, and try to make her like me a little better. And if she chooses to like some one else better still, even if it were that idiot who was here to-day'—— Why did he break off his musings so abruptly at this point, and get up from his lounging-chair, and walk off at rather a quick pace towards the shore of the lake, where he paced ap and down for half an hour? and why had he called John Campbell, who was a remarkably sensible young fellow, an 'idiot'? Probably he did not exactly know ; but at the end of the half-hour, he went back to the house and called 'Phyllis!' When she came out, surprised and inquiring, he said: 'Come and show me where you want your garden to be ; I'm going to make it for you.' 'Oh, that would indeed be charming !' she exclaimed delightedly. Then her face falling a little: 'But you are so busy, and so tired when you come back from your work.' 'A little extra tiredness won't hurt me,' he said, laughing. Besides, I'm getting used to it now; you needn't despise me any more on that score.' 'Despise you!' she said, looking hurt. 'Why I never thought of such a thing! Out door work tires every one who is not used to it, just at first. Only, I was sorry for you sometimes.' *Come then,' he said, ' and let us measure out the garden,' and the two spent a pleasant hour under the silver light of the moon measuring and debating; while Robert and Bessie sat in the verandah and looked on well pleased. CHAPTER V.—THE GLAMOUR AWAKES The next day was Sunday; and a long quiet dreamy day Sunday usually is in those far regions which, like Hamilton Farm, are beyond the sound of church bells. Every- thing rests : the horses in their wide paddocks; the sheep-dogs by the kitchen hearth; the men, glad to repose after the week's labour, stretched out on grassy knolI, with pipe and books for companions, and thoughts that often stray into dreamland or travel back to scenes which have been left far behind on life's journey, and faces that may be seen no more on earth. This especial Sunday rose fair and bright, and though the sun was hot, its rays were tempered by a cool breeze which blew from off the waters of the lake. Australia's climate is certainly changeable, alternating between fierce blinding heat and dust-storm and rain and cold, all succeeding one another with extraordinary rapidity. Yet she gives very often such perfect days as are to be found in few other countries in like abundance ; days when merely to be alive is a delight, the air one breathes is so delicious, so balmy, so invigorating, full as it were of the very essence of life; when never a cloud fiecks the deep arch of blue overhead, but the sun rises in the pure golden morning to set in an evening as golden and as pure. And oh! the beauty of these nights when, after the brief glooming, star after star gleams out, and pays hostage to the Southern Cross; and the moon rises above the hills and mounts up into the sky, large, glorious, silvern, casting white lines and black shadows over all the sleeping world! How often on such nights have we lingered out-of-doors in that enchanting atmosphere of balmy air and silver moon- light; of orange-blossom and roses; deeming it almost a sin to retire to the sleep and dark- ness of indoors, to lose so many hours of Paradise! The early dinner was cleared away, and Phyllis made her appearance in the verandah, neatly dressed in a fresh muslin gown, and with a pretty little straw hat on her head, in pace of the everlasting sun-bonnet which was so obnoxious to Jack. 'Where are you going, Phyll?' asked Robert, who was extended at full length on a lounging-chair, with a book on his knees which he pretended to read. 'To Mrs Murphy and her twins,' answered Phyllis, holding up the basket she carried in her hand, 'and to take them some soup.' 'TelI her, with my kind regards, to call the twins Castor and Pollux,' said Robert, Iazily closing his eyes. 'I think they are girls,' answered Phyllis, laughing! 'but I daresay she would think the names did just as well.' 'May I come' asked Jack, suddenly appearing at the door of his room, dressed in the original gray tweed suit in which we first saw him. 'O yes,' said Phyllis, 'if you care.' 'And if you don't mind standing god-father to Castor and Pollux,' added Robert, opening his eyes. 'As if Mrs. Murphy would have a heretic for any such important relationship !' said Phyllis Iaughing, as the two young people walked off together, Jack having taken pos- session of the basket. Keeping his eyes open sufficiently long to watch them to the top of the nearest rising ground, the settler marked the pair with an approving look. How well, thought he, they look together—both so straight and tall; for tall woman as Phyllis was, Jack's dark head towered considerably above hers. 'It's a pity they don't seem to see it,' he mused, just as he was sinking off into a com- fortable doze. 'To-day it has been better; but up till last night, really they always seemed on the verge of a quarrel. Perhaps it's a good way to begin—perhaps'— But here all future possibilities were lost in dream- land. Jack had not walked very far when he began to reflect that this was the first time he had ever been positively alone with Phyllis. Hitherto their intercourse had been limited to such matter-of-course words as must pass be- tween dwellers in the same household, or to some brief question and answer connected with farm interests. But now they were away to- gather on the grassy uplands of the island, with the lake at their feet, the blue hills in the distance, a bright sun overhead, and a southern wind blowing in their faces. He wondered very much what they would talk of during the hour or two they were to be to- gether. What used he to talk to girls about at home in England? The weather, boat- races, theatres, the opera, Tennyson's last poem, the last month's magazines, the new exhibition of the Royal Academy. But none of those subjects seemed suitable, or indeed possible just at present, and he stole a glance at his companion, as if he would guess her thoughts. Not guessing them, he set about thinking for himself. His first thought was that she looked very pretty in her fresh muslin and little hat; and the next was that he might as well tell her so. 'How nice you look in that dress, Phyllis,' he said. 'And do you know, that hat is an immense improvement on the one I saw you first in?' She coloured, but only slightly, and her eyes met his with a bright smile. 'When you took me for an aboriginal,' she said, laughing. 'Not quite so bad as that. Why, the moment I saw your face and heard you speak, I knew you were a lady.' 'l am glad of that,' she said, blushing rather more deeply than before. 'I have often wondered'— 'Wondered?' he asked, seeing that she paused. 'How curiously everything must have struck you, when you first arrived. And whether you are not growing very tired of this kind of life, and do not long to get back to England and civilisation again.' 'I have asked myself that question some- times,' answered Jack thoughtfully, 'and as far as I can tell, the answer is No! I like this life. I like its freedom, its thorough in- dependence, and above all its fullness of work. It is good to feel that every day one has earned one food he eats and the sleep he enjoys, by sheer hard labour, and labour that really produces something. 'But could you not have done that at home,' Phyllis asked, 'and have had the pleasures of civilisation too?' 'Not so well. You have no idea how crowded everything is there, how every inch of ground, every profession is occupied by men pushing and struggiing for a bare existence. I declare,' he exclaimed, drawing a long breath, 'the very resemblance brings a suffocating feeling, and makes me thankful for this wide free country, where one can throw out one's arms and breathe and grow.' 'I am glad you like it,' she said. 'I thought that you were feeling it dull, and missing a good many things.' He glanced at her rather sharply. Had she been watching him, he wondered, and noticing when he looked tired and cast down, all this time, while he had thought she heeded him less than the commonest labourer about the place? How little we understand even of the people we live with, with whom we sit at the same table and hold familiar converse! What a sealed book their hearts are to us, how we misinterpret their thoughts, misjudge their actions! And how well for us it would be if we could only forbear our judgments until motives and causes were really revealed to us. Something of this was passing through the mind of James Hamilton as he walked on silently by Phyllis's side in the sunshine, and dreamily watched the faint breeze stir the waters of the lake and bend the tall reeds. When he next spoke his tone had gained some- thing; a new feeling had taken possession of him in that brief silence, and he could never again feel to Phyllis exactly as he had felt before. 'Of course there are things one misses here,' he said. 'Books and pictures and intercourse with thinking men, and much of what goes by the name of civilisation. The question is, do we not have things here that are worth all that, and more? Is it not nobler to work with all one's might at the building up of a civilisation in this new world, than to sit down tamely at home, and enjoy the blessings of the old civilisation, which after all is very much overdone?' 'I think so,' replied Phyllis, smiling with her blue eyes into his dark ones, which were flashing just then with hope and spirit. 'But then you see I am different from you. I came to this so young that I have never really known anything better. This is my home, and I love it and think it the best country on the face of the earth. But with you it is different.' 'Well, after all,' he answered, smiling back to her, the best country is where home is; and one can make a home here or anywhere, if one is with the friends whom one loves.' 'Yes,' she said sedately; 'this would have been very different for you, if Robert and Bessie had not been here.' 'It would be different if you were not here,' rose to his thoughts, and almost to lips, but he checked the utterance. 'I have no right to say such things to her,' he thought, 'and never may have the right. I will not disturb this new peace that has come between us, by being hasty.' So he began to talk to her of home-life and of his student days, from thence diverging into a discussion of books they had both read, and some which he pro- missed to get out from England for her. The way to Mrs. Murphy's hut, built in true colonial style of 'wattle and daub,' seemed mar- vellously short; and when Phyllis went inside to sit with the mother of many children, he lay down at full length on the turf of a grassy knoll just within call of the cabin door. A solitary gum-tree reared its majestic height on the slope of this knoll and sheltered him from the sun; the glimmering water stretched away from the shore, the tall reeds on the bank nodded and whispered to one another. A great stillness brooded over everything, and in this stillness perhaps the young man began to realise something of what was going on in his heart, and to understand that there was dawn- ing in him for Phyllis something more than a brother's love. His meditations were interrupted by little shy footsteps, which stole very slowly towards him over the grass. He lay perfectly still; but glancing through his eyelashes perceived two little figures drawing near, pausing now and then in breathless silence to see if he would move. Jack felt irresistibly reminded of Gulliver as he lay asleep, and the Lilliputians who pinioned him to the ground with their tiny cords. However, he kept still; and the two small figures, encouraged by his seeming harmlessness, advanced cautiously and sat down near his feet, where they began to talk in whispers. 'Sure an it's the grand gentleman he is, Patsy! Did ye iver see the like afore?' ' 'Sich beautiful boots, Jan! Moy, don't they just shine!' 'An' the little gowld buttons to his shirt, Patsy! Ah! he had more money than he know'd what to do wid, when be hammered it into them things!' Here Jack's lips twitched and betrayed him; so he put out his hand and clutched Patsy before the queer little Antipodean-Irishman had time to run away. Jan stood by his brother valiantly, though he glanced at the cabin behind him, and thought of the bit of open country he would have to cross to get to it. 'Now tell me,' said Jack, 'what your names are, and what you are doing here?' Patsy put his finger in his mouth and hung down his head; but Jan answered boldly :I'm Jan, an' he's Patsy ; an' we're here because the Virgin Mary wint in to see mother.' 'Who?' said Jack, opening his eyes. Patsy, who was more matter of fact than his brother, whispered : 'It's Miss Phyllis from the big house, sir.' 'But mother says,' persisted Jan, 'that the Holy Virgin is a beautiful lady with a blue gown and yellow hair. An' is'nt Miss Phyllis that same? I always think of Miss Phyllis when I says my prayers.' 'You might think of a worse thing,' said Jack, laughing to himself that the heretic maiden with her golden-brown hair and grave and gentle eyes had become the ideal of these lonely Catholic children, who had never been inside a chapel, never seen even the picture of the Maiden Mother to whom they were taught to pray. 'Natural enough, though,' he thought, 'that the only beautiful facebooked hey have ever seen should become to them the type of her whom they have been taught to regard as the essence of all that is divine in womanhood.' Chattering familiarly to the two funny wise little men, he dispelled the lingering remains of their shyness. Then they told him of their baby sisters, who had come mysteriously one night, and been discovered next morning fast asleep in the cradle. Then in return he told them that ever fresh ever beautiful story of a Babe who came one night to a poorer house even than theirs. When Phyllis came out of the cabin she found Patsy nestled close to one side of Jack and Jan to the other, while their pure child-eyes were fixed on his face. Nor did he leave without just one kiss offered to and accepted by the two humble grandchildren of old Ireland. And glad was he afterwards that he had touched those two little faces with his lips; for a curious feeling of affection came over him for those little Ionely boys, who prayed to the most beautiful and gracious being they had ever known—his sister Phyllis. (To be continued.} AsoiHza IauaasT.— They ware hanag m aad, and she asked him if there wasaar taangmthenaathe woaU like to taoalL Ha hrailliaslranawered, 'Yea, tteday yoalaat icaaaedaas.' The Ptlot.— It is recordsd of a pilot belonging to Shielda that he waa one mght, «He in charge of a voael aaSing alang the Hartfa-Bsat Coat. csm»ramgwSa|i»ia7iigi ? ealMardregardiiigthedaiinnofl^vnTacs. 'Aahaaanryr rock oa^a coast' aaaVb. At that amaeat the ahip atrnck, when ?benBot enanmed. 'And {haft yeno' the baatonr 