EGERTON, (PROIf oca OWN COBRSSPONDENT.) Mr Inspector Bnmmons has aanonnoed his intention of examining our State school, for results, on Tuesday, the 18th instant, BO it is of the utmost importance to the children, to tbe teachers, and for th credit of the school that all the echolaip should be present, else they will be accounted as having failed in all subjects, and the sohool will be deprived of its percentage of results. Last Friday the laepeetor examined into tbe working of the school. In perusing Mr David Blair's history of Australasia, there is an appalling picture of the devastation and loss of life that occurred in this colony ou tbe 6 February, 1851, called Black Thursday, which is fa too lengthy for your columns; bat, as a similar visita tion has befallen many old residents in this place on the twenty-eighth anniversary of that day, a hint to those who are in a position to render a little pecunia assistance will not be out of place, by staling what was done for the sufferers at that time:—" A pnbb meeting was held in Melbourne, and attended by all the leading men in the metropolitan district andalarg eom in of money subscribed, whioh, under the direction of a committee, was distributed amongst the unfortunat Individuals who had been left in a state of destitution.'" The same cannot be done in this instance, fo the fireshave been so numerous and in so many pu of tbe colony, but locally something can be doo ' the way oi a subscription and a concert. " Many help the few." For several weeks past s:me parties have been playing their mid pranks aboat the township, imitating a ghost, and the other night afew young children were aw!ally frightened by the spurious apparition. A little girl about thirteen years of age was for several days a patient of Dr Barnett's, caused by a sudden shock to the nervous system. Many parents are so irritated that woe betide the next phantom that puts in an appearance, ior they might exclaim the same words as the ghost i: Hamlet, " My hour is almost oome, When I must render up myself." An old friend of mine remarked that after a long drought, run would be sore to follow, and in my experienoe I have found his prognoaticitSon a fact. 1 therefore trust our councillors will take advantage o this " unerring guide to the weather " by employing aeuriaoeman in our township to put oar road drains in trim, so as to keep the water within bounds in ca of a heavy rainfall, and not allowed, as usual, a free access o?er our streets. JEven the shower we were blessed with the other night flowedover the main street in several places. 