— «a- — — — THE SECRET OF THE WHITE CHEST. It was just the house I wanted. In size and situation it suited me exactly, ae the phrase goes, literally down to the ground. Facing Hyde-park, and placed back from the high-road, with nothing in front of it but the broad strip of garden belonging to tne terrace in which it stood, and the open stretch of turf and trees, it was the very abode for a London season. It's rent, too, was extremely moderate ; it was in sound repair ; drainage without a flaw ; fixtures, furniture, and decorations in the best taste; the owner only desiring to let it occasionally, because he went away from town each spring. Why, then, did I hesitate to take it ? Why did everybody hesitate to take, it ? For the last seven years and more it had never been let. All, the house- agents at the West- End had had it in hand one after another. The terms had been reduced each season that it came into the market, and still there was no finding a tenant for it. Everybody who went over the house was charmed with it. The entrance being in the rear, all the best rooms had a delightful southern aspect ; and going up from floor to floor on their first vi3it of inspection, everybody grew more delighted the higher they got. The apartments in creased in cheerfulness, if not in size, the outlook from the windows became more extensive and airy, whilst, when, one reached the top storey, and ascended by a narrow stair on to the leaded flat roof, with a high balus trade running round it, the view was, as the house-agents expressed it, "quite unique." Nevertheless, everybody having reached the roof, and having looked round for a minute or two,- descended with a firm deter mination not to take the house. Now what was the reason? It was not haunted, no ghosts had ever been seen, or mysterious noises heard — such things were never hinted at. There was nothing about it in appear ance .like the gloomy, , forbidding mansion in Severn Square, concerning which so many queer stories are told, and which, like the house in question, no one will take. No, it was the very reverse, in all respects, of that long (and stili) untenanted abode. I had heard the rumours about the Hyde Park house -often, when I had been in London, and my ouriosity. had always. been piqued, eo that now,, when I wanted just such , a house for the season, I determined to go and look at it for myself. Finding all satisfactory, and; just as I expected from bottom to top, I was stepping out on to the roof with Mr. Crumble, the agent, and. was saying to him— : "Well, I can't perceive why people won't live here," when my eye fell upon a curious object erected upon the leads at the rear, and surrounded by a high railing. It looked like a huge skylight or glass lantern, about ten feet long, three high, and three broad. But instead of forming a light for a staircase or room beneath, it seemed to have been built for the purpose of covering another curious object, which, occupying nearly the whole ot' the space under the glass,„was plainly visible through it. This was a long white box, resembling a sea man's chest more than anything, only much larger. It rested, upon the four legs or feet, which raised it about a foot from the flat surface of the roof. It was paiixted a creamy white and varnished, and, apparently not being intended to open, any more than its glass covering, had no -hinges or lock to its top or lid. , " What the deuce is that ?" said .1 to Mr. Crumble. " Ah ! replied that functionary, with an odd expres3ion.in.his.face, " that's it, sir 1" " What's it, pray ?" " Why, the secret, sir." "The secret ! How is it a secret ? What do you mean?" - " Well, sir, what it is ; what it's meant for; what's inside of it ?" " Don't you know ?" - "No, sir." " Doesn't anyone know ?" " I suppose somebody does,' but we don't ; we are forbidden to inquire,- or to attempt to find out ; if we knew we should be able to let the house, perhaps." "How long lias it been there?" "A long while, I believe, sir— ten or twelve years. Before my time;" " But who put it up ?" "Well, Mr. Grayling, we suppose ; nobody seems to know exaotly when it first appeared there." "But the servants," I protested, "they must know." " Oh ! I have heard there were none in the house at the time; they were all dis missed just before it was put up. Mr. Gay- ling never keeps many servants; some times he has only one, sometimes none. Nobody lives in the house when he's away, but he always leaves the keys with us. He is always changing his servants, Mr. Gayling is; I have often heard him say that he likes new brooms." " What is he, or what was he ?" "A gentleman in the naval line, I believe, sir ; they are rather rum 'uns, I'm told." " Humph !" I said, " very odd. But do you mean to tell me tbat nobody will live here because they don't know what's in that box?" " That is partly the reason, sir," " Absurd," I was going on, when the man continued — " But there's a clause in the agreement about it ; that's what does it, sir." " Explain," I said. "Well, -sir, here is ,the "clause, and he produced the document; "perhaps you would like to read it yourself?" Thus it ran— " And in taking the house at the rental, and for the term specified as above, I hereby solemnly pledge my oath never, directly, or indirectly, through my own agency, or that of' others, to attempt to meddle with or disturb the white chest under the glass case on the roof, or to seek in any way to discover for what purpose it has been placed there, or what it contains ; and I further guarantee that no person in my employ, or anyone entering the house during my tenancy thereof shall make any such attempt, and I hereby undertake that in the event of their being detected in doing so, or of my doing so, to forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, and in accordance with this agreement have, in proper legal form; lodged the said sum with the bankers of Thos. Gayling, Esq., the lessee, as a guarantee of my good faith.' ' " Bat for that clause," went on the agent, as I finished reading it with some surprise, " we should have no difficulty in letting th9 bouse." " Pray, is the owner out of his mind ?" I asked, in a minute. " Not tbat I am aware of, sir ; he is a very pleasant, affable gentleman, Mr. Gayling j is, only, as I say, a little rum on some points ; nothing will induce him to strike out that clause, for instauoe. Lor' bless you, sir, parties never entertain it for a moment when tbey come to that part of the business; thsy drop it like a hot potato." "Humph!" said I, again, "it's queer, certainly, but I don't see why one shouldn't acquiesce ; it doesn't matter a rap to me what's inside the chest ; I should never want to meddle with or disturb it, and I'd take very good care no one else did ; I would pad lock the trap-door on the roof, and that would settle that. Ah!" I continued, after walking round thestrnoture and looking about me a bit — "ah! I sea; precautions have been taken to prevent any access to this roof from the others on either side, by this iron chevaux- de-fris ; yes, no one can get over this. Well, it's an odd freak, but I am not snre that I am going to be baulked by it ; I'il think about it, Mr. Crumble." And the result of my thinking wa3, tbat I eigued the agreement two days after, wards, having conformed to the peculiar stipulation regarding the deposit. I had qo fear of losing the thousand pounds, the interest on it was a mere addition to the rent, and the house was so exactly what I wanted, that it would even then be cheap to me, with my large family of motherless children. Nevertheless, I do not deny, that after all was signed, sealed, and settled, I was conscious of a lurking curiosity and suspicion regarding that ! mysterious erection. What could it be? What could it contain? I was constantly saying to myself. W hat strange freak conld possess the man to, take such strong measures to guard against any I penetration into the secret — measures, by- the-bye, which in themselves were rather calculated to provoke investigation, to I draw attention to the very thing that he wished one to overlook? Was Mr. Gayling a miser, hoarding up some unknown trea- I sures in this strange fashion? Probably that was it. Well, if it was, it was no business of mine after all. My Parliamentary duties would be too urgent, I I hoped, to let me dwell upon much else, so I I would dismiss it, and so beyond putting the padlock on the trap-door of the roof as threatened, I took no measures to prevent any of my household indulging in specula- I tions. I at least would not direct attention I to the matter, as Mr. Gayling did, and con tented my family and domestics by saying I that I didn't consider it safe for people to go on to the roof. Now, in spite of my resolution, I fonnd myseli. perpetually recurring to the strange ohest. For the sake, of quiet and air, I had appropriated the two large back and front rooms at the top of the house for my bed room and study, and thus slept every night just beneath the white chest. Before I had been in the house a month, it began to act as a nightmare on me, an j incubus I could not shake ofi. I was I oppressed and depressed byit, in a way quite unaccountable. I was puzzled at myself. I could not have believed four weeks before that I should ever have become so affected by such contemptible restlessness, disquiet, and distrust. These feelings at last. reached such a pitch thatgl finally changed my bed room ; I would not sleep any longer directly underneath this accursed, mysterious fabric. Another month passed, during which, more thau once, I was tempted to go secretly on to the roof and look at the thing again ; there was no harm in that, that was not forbidden in the bond, and I need hardly say, I saw nothing to provoke any new comment. About a week after my last visit to the roof, a lengthy debate kept me late at the House of Commons, and walking home for the sake of fresh air, I found the midsummer - dawn breaking, as I struck into Park-lane. Beaching Oxford- street I was. startled by observing in the western sky a strong light, not due to reflected sunrise. At the moment I saw it, a fire-engine passed me at full speed, and presently the first signs of the commotion which a conflagration causes in the streets became evident. No man under goes this experience, when he has been away many hours, and sees the red glare rising iu the direction of his own house, without a pang of anxiety, if not of terror. How well-founded was this sensation in the present case was made evident ere I had J walked another 200 yards ; yes, merciful I powers ! it was my house that was on fire ! I can soaroely record what followed ; I only know that somehow I found myself in the ' midst of the police and firemen. Tbat 1 explained to the superintendent who I was, aud that under his escort I soon ascertained that all the inmates of my house, my children, their governess, and the servants, were in safety, and bad been taken iu to a neighbour's at the rear ; that, as soon as I found this to be the case, I, accompanied still by the superintendent, mounted to the top of an adjaoent residenoe, whenoe the firemen were directing the hose upon the flames. Once on this vantage point, my mind reverted to the white chest.|Wa8 it bhII there ? Yes ; the flames, though burstmg out from all the windows of the upper stories, baok and front, had not yet done more than wrench and orack portions of the glssa case. For a time it seemed as if this would be the most that might happen. The water seemed to be getting the upper hand, and as it fell in torrents on the hot roof, such clouds of steam were thrown up with the smoke as would have completely hidden everything from view, but that our position had been skilfully selected, and was well to wind ward of the burning mass. But presently, amid the roar of the flames, there came a dull, heavy rumble for a moment, and then with a tremendous crash the roof fell in. With it of course went the fragments and framework of the glass-case, and the now charred and blackened chest itself. I had my eyes upon it at the moment, and down it went deep into the utter obscurity of the dense smoke and steam, which always succeeds to this climax of a con flagration. For several minutes noth ing was to be discerned through the overwhelming wreaths of black-grey fumes. But presently, though the light from the fire had been clenched, there began to be visible, by the aid of the increasing light of the morning, the depths of this pit of Acheron. Yet it was not so very deep after all, for the fire having orignated on the second floor, the falling roof had only crashed down as yet as far as the drawing- room, and there, when my eyes had become accustomed to the spectacle of the in describable d6bris, I plainly beheld, rest ing slantways across a stubborn remnant of wall, what had been the "White Chest ; it was now split and smashed, and its contents were revealed. " Good heavens ! What was it that I looked down upon ? I turned away my face for a moment with a shudder, for there, protruding through the splintered fragments of it3 once creamy-white wooden, case, was a huge leaden coffin, which, in its turn melting and burst ing with the heat, displayed within ihe unmistakable form of a shrouded corpse ! I was in tbe act of drawing my companion's attention to it in horror, when suddenly there flew up around it with redoubled fury, such a mass of flame and smoke, tbat it was entirely hidden, and soon tbe fire had so spread and burst out again, that the horrible spectacle of this uninten tional incremation was shut from sight, and the house was finally bnrned to the ground ! I pass over what immediately followed that I had made my way back to the friendly abode where tbe members of my family were sheltered. In a few diys they were snugly settled agaiu in another home, fortunately not very much tbe worse for the terrible scare. Indue course the time arrived for looking into my losses, and while I was doing so I received a letter from Mr. Gayling, who had oome to town requesting an interview. I was glad of this, for I foresaw it must lead to some explanation of the strange circumstances surrounding the agreement I had signed. .My curiosity as to the contents of the white chest had been rudely satisfied, it was true, bub what had been the reason for placing such an object iu such a place? j aud this I was determined to find out. Unexpectedly Mr. Gayling disclosed it to me I immediately we met. I " I have asked for this interview, sir," he said, abruptly, "because I am a ruined man." ' " But," I interposed, /'I am told you I were fully insured." I " That ha3 nothing to do with it," he I answered; "no insurance can restore the I three thousand a year which I lose by what I has hapDened. I am simply going to tell you certain facts ; because, when you have heard them, I shallput it te you whether you will not, out of your ample means, feel that some compensation is due to me. The fact is, that it has been during your tenancy of my house, and through accident, or negligence on the part of some one for whom you are responsible, that my ruin has been brought about." . "I don't understand you." " Listen, sir," he went on, "and you will I was brought up to the sea and followed it till mid-life, for I was entirely dependent on my own earnings. My only relative at this time was an old uncle, also a sailor, and a most eccentric man, as you will presently see. Fifteen years ago he suddenly came into a large sum of money — I never knew how — but he retired and took that house. He had only been in it three years when a mortal sickness overtook him. He sent for me. " ' Tom,' said he, ' I am dying, and I don't like it. I am terrified, not so much at the thought of death as at the thought of burial. A sailor's grave I would not mind, but to be boxed up and tbrusb into the earth; no, Tom, I won't stand it. I look to you to see that it doesn't happen ; and I. have taken measures to make sura that you do see it doesn't happen. I've made my will, Tom; I've lefc you all I j possess, but on one condition, and it is, that you are my heir so long as I am well above ground, and no longer — mark the words, " well above ground." Directly I am buried, or my remains are allowed to mingle with mother earth, as she is called — she was no mother to me, the sea was my mother, for I was born at sea — all my money, mind, goes straight to the Seamen's Hospital, every penny of it.' I " ' But what am I to do ?' I asked of my I uncle; rhow shall I be able to carry, out I such a strange condition? Have you so I expressed it in your will ?' I "fYes, indeed I have,' he answered, 'and legal and binding you'll find it, as I expressed in the words, " so long as I am I well above ground." ' J "'But what am I to do with you?' I I again asked. " c Oh, ruu me up aloft, masthead me, anything you like, but don't bury me.' " Well," went on Mr. Gayling, " to make a long story short, I found that the con ditions of the old man's will were binding, I and bis executors and myself hit upon the J plan of hoisting the coffiu on to the roof of I his house. Under certain conditions we 1 found that it was possible for us legally I to do this. So I dismissed my three I servants, employed a country undertaker, I my old ship's carpenter, and a foreign I glazier, in order that the matter should not 1 be talked of in the neighbourhood, and I personally saw the arrangements carried J out . You can now understand my reasons I for not having it meddled with : yes, sir, I and you can now understand that the con- I ditions of the will must take efEect. No sign of the coffin or the body even was to be discovered in the ruins of that house. I have had a rigid search made, to no pur- i pose ; the old gentleman's remains have been consumed, have mingled with mother- earth, and the money passes as a matter of course to the Seamen's Hospital. I have not a penny in the world. What can yon do for me ?" It is not neoessary for me to say what I did for Mr. Gayling ; but finding by a visit to Doctors Commons, and by other . evidence, that his story was substantially correct, I felt bis oase was a hard one, " certainly a strange one, and I acted, , I hope, not ungenerously towards hiwy 