A STORY OF TWO CHRISTMASES. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) CHAPTER I.—THE STORM. BY N. WALTER SWAN. MR. BARCULAY'S homestead was one of those old houses, wrapt with roses, and crept upon with briar, that had the respectability of massiveness and the dignity of age. There were the surroundings of the garden where trees were mossed bj the flow yean. There were the high hills near looking down upon it from the white oloudi lying softly upon their wrinkled crowns, or from the still blue curtains with whioh san and summer roiled them. They were hoar and reat where ages had marked their scars. There was on them always the solemn quiet of the long gone seasons, and the mystery of their procession, so far into the past that they reaohed back to the time when the light de clared the first day. Past them to the right, where the river ran and murmured and grew from music up to sobbings and froth ing hoarseness, stretched the plain, revealing where the sun dipped low among the trees. It was in from that horiion towards the nestled house that life came from the world beyond. It was away towards it where the clouds of sheep seemed to sail as silently and as slowly among the green as the clouds among the blue, and where travellers, like dark spots, came upon the thread of road. Mrs. Barclay's powerful glass assessed their appearance by the advantage of an hour at least, that she might dispose her self for suoh possibilities as would perohanoe arise. Mrs. Barclay's father had been an officer in the Roy al Navy, when he succumbed some where near Labrador to a frost-bite and its accompanying severities, dying bravely for liis country, in spite of the friction of snowballs and other climatio speoifios. The lady was properly proud of her family tree. This, with the other natural advantages of soenery, added to the artificial and material one of well-packed wool drays and well bred sheep, gave ber a distant conservatism of mamner. When Mr. Barclay invited her from the drudgery of anursery governess-ship, she was pale and slight, having the merits of acoestry— steady eyes and subdued manners. He took her to his capacious ohest and hesrth, and she, in return, gave him a son and a daughter, and lessons in demeanor, whioh were respectively in valuable. All one day Mrs. Barclay's glass pro* claimed the white thread of road Id be un spotted by the staining figures of pleboians or any moving drift of life j and, as usual on suoh occasions, she rendered inaudible thanka that a oall was not likely to be made upon her hospi tality. Just as the pale dead-colored hair o{ her mother had mixed a depth and shine from the rich auburn of Mr. Barolay, and bestowed upon their daughter the bright folds that crowned her, so were amalgamated in her flexible figuM both strength and grace; so somehow was the broad brow, the fair face, and the stately kindness a combined legaoy that was especially her own. On the evening of the day when the glass was silent as to intruders upon the horiion, Mrs. Barolay restfully laid aside her puizle of Berlin wool, and perused with quiet content the pre tentious dinner service, whioh was lending a meretricions disguise to cold mutton and homely chops—served up with that necessary aplomb due to ancestory and the conservatism of the ladies' select position. Mr. Barclay's tread was sounding down the passage and into the room, where his wife with an anxious start in her voioe and manner enquired of her daughter— " Where is Harry, Alice P Has he not re turned ?" " I have not seen him. He told me, before leaving this morning, he would be late." Mr. Barclay, on enterbg, looked quickly round the room, and asked precisely the same ques tion in precisely similar words, and Alice answered ber futher as she had answered her mother. There was no reason why uneasiness should be felt, and yet Mr. Barolay stood silent and thinking. The ladies looked up when ha said— 'If he only went to the upper lagoon he should be here now.' • He must have meant to go farther when ha •aid he would be late.' Mr. Barclay was not satisfied. He remained standing and thinking, while there grew a kind of uneasy expectation on those in the room, not at all dispelled when he returned to the subject again, saying to his wife— ' The road is bad and the night is black, but what of that, if he had not taken that evil-eyed colt Corsica to break him in to harness ?/ '.Corsica ?' * Aye, he wu warned against him by Billy Stockton. If he is more ikilful than Billy he U alio more reckless. I wiah he wai safe home.' The dinner proceeded in a silence that wu like presentiment. The house was still, and the Toioe and laughter of the absent son were missed. Mrs. Barclay looked at the dock from time to time with frigid nervousness, and Alice was pale and listening. Faint and broken sounds, that might be the ordinary movements of life outside, orept in. They might signify an arriral, or they might signify nothing; for the thiok wall* and stout doors barred out the possibility of interpreting suoh indications as might be given. When a muffled noise reached them, they listened and paused with unoon soious eagerness, and, when a servant oonveyed to Mr. Barolay a message that he was wanted, he went out immediately, leaving the two women looking at each other with an expression of blankness and helplessness. There was nothing in all that had ocourred to cause the slightest alarm. The absence of a young man from the dinner-table of a squatter's homestead wm of so frequent occurrence as to exoite no comment. Dark nights, when the sky was massed with eleotrio clouds, were at that period of the year to be looked for as a characteristic of the season, and breaking-in young horses was in station life an everyday occupation i yet there was au oppression in the warm air, and in the breaths of it that rose suddenly; there were sounds as of sighing and semblances of voioes. It was one of those vast dark nights outside, in whioh everything seemed stilled and waiting; it was full of treaoherous quiet, and full of unrest. Mr. Barolay did not return. The hand of the clock had travelled over a quarter of an hour when Mrs. Barolay rang for the servant. * Where is your m P Why, what is the matter, JaneP' she enquired of the black-haired servant as she entered. * I don't know, ma'am. A man from the out station came riding up like mad, and asked to see the master. He took him outside and told him something, and they ran to the stable, and there was only one harness-horse in, so the master put the harness on him, and rode away at a gallop just as he was.' *My God! what is the reason of this ?' 11 don't know ma'am. The man—he's called Jim—is in the kitchen below, but he says he was told to answer no questions.' ' Go to him and say Mrs. Barclay wants to see him.' Alioe sat with her hands olasped j her face waa white; the was silent and listening. There were red spots below Mrs. Barclay's eyes, and she wm trembling so that she spilled her wine when she tried to drink it ; but her eyes, strong of purpose, kept their old steady determination. Tbe clock began to mark time monotonously again, when the tramp of echoing nailed boots came op the tiled passage and stopped at the door. Jim Hall was outside, pulling his clothes straight, and arranging his hair by hurriedly pushing it off his face. Having by this means adjusted himself in a manner that he felt was far from satisfactory, he ventured on a loud knock. I Come in.' The voice seemed to pierce the sound as soon M he had struck (he door, and to reaoh him with a sort of shrillness in the invitation. He opened the door hurriedly and utood waiting on the threshold. * Gome inside and sit down, Jim Hall; you know me and I know yon.' ' Yes, ma'am,' taking a cautious survey of the chair, and committing liimself to one corner with great wariness. ' We'll have knew each other now ten years come this Christmas. You'll have mind, ma'am, when I caught Master Harry's horse at the Boulder Bend in the nick o' time. That were a near touch, ma'am. Yes, ten years ago I first knowed you.' Jim was galloping on hurriedly into another reminisoence, with some idea of avoiding the questionings whioh he knew were coming, but Mrs. Barclay pulled him up shsrply. I 1 will be grateful to you, Jim Hall, for that act while I live. Now, listen to me, and answer my questions.' Hall looked at the flowers on tbe carpet, and tried to push his hair further from his forehead. There were some particles of dust on hit old Bedford cords which attracted his attention; then he brought his feet sedately beneath him, but did not reply or look up. ' Where did Mr. Barolay go P' ' I can't exaotly say, ma'am. There was a trap at our hut that had come to grief, and I rode over for a horse to get it took home; maybe he went there. He wm always a good hand at helping a neighbor.' Mrs. Barclay's pride gave way. She forgot her father the captain, and the family tree, and all the rest of it. There was pathos in the unsteady voice of the woman when she said— ' James Hall, what has happened my son ? You saved him once, and saved bis mother grief* Now save her pain, and the anxiety that is worse than all. It v the suspense that it to dreadful to myself and Alice here. Hall, it will be mercy to let vi know the truth.' ' All I oan tay, ma'am, it it ain't fair to tie a fellow up like this. Mr. Barclay told me I was to say nothing till tioh times as he oame back, and here am I a confronting of you ladies.' He stopped and thought, then resumed slowly, ' I say it is not fair to me, and if anything happens to you or Miss Alioe from my telling of it, I'll take none of the blame; you'll take it, ma'am ?' Mrs. Barolay nodded, and was silent. She was afraid to hear what Hall was about to say. ' I saw Mr. Harry drire past this morning, when he gave his usual hearty good-day. He was always hearty and kind with me, but he soaroe looked up. One of the horses, the near one, was pulling all it knew; and even past the winkers as it oame I oeuld see too much white in its eyes; The other seemed going steady enough like. Then, towards evening, thinking it queer—l saw nothing of him coming back—l went up to the old four posts and looked along to where tbe road turns into the trees. There was nothing in sight; it jest lay out there quiet and deserted and white, without a sound or a thing on it. I was walkiag home uncomfortable when I saw a man running to meet me, and be fore he come up I knew something was wrong. It was in his face, in the way he breathed, and in him all over. He spoke quiet like, oae might say in a whisper 's if he carried sorrow— '" How many men are in the hut P" '" No one," said I, frightened, not knowing why. '" Get one of those strong hurdles and come back to me; lam blow*," he said, sinking down and catching his breath. I ran off without asking more question!, and when I oame back he rose. " Master Harry," says he, "is orer by the creek there near killed. The horses have broke away, and left him and the buggy in the water. He got crushed somehow, and lay with the stream running orer him just as I got down and got him out. Bun," said he again, " there's life and death on it." And so, ma'am, we ran and found him lying among tbe rushes with stains of blood on his face. We carried him fuo the hut and laid him there, and I caught the quiet horse and rode here | that's all I know.' Mrs. Barolay asked, in a low dull voice, with her eyes still dry and steady, and her lips trembling, ' Is he alive, JimP 'Alive, ma'am V answered Mr. Hall cheerfully, with the intent of giving consolation, ' to be sure he's alive. He was opening of his eyes and asking questions whea I started, and Mr. Scolon—that's the gentleman's name he was sitting by him, and doing everything for him, and they'll all soon be here; and Mister Harry he'll be all right again, ma'am, soon, with the help of God.' • Open the front door, Jim; they'll come by the sheepwash track.' ' They will, ma'am. There's the storm at last.' The big fellow was standing as he spoke. It was not by the light of the candles, but by the light of lightning, that Mrs. Barclay for tbe instant saw the room ; saw the empty ohair of her husband, the half-empty wineglass by his plate ] saw the proportions of the tall red* haired man as it flashed aoross the features of bis anxious face, making it look to be the face of a oorpse; saw the huddled figure of her daughter, all bent and sobbing, and the chair where young Harry Barolay should have been fitting; and as the mind is quicker than the lightning, so did the impression come to it that there was a misty still figure in Harry's seat. The whole photograph was given her in the fraction of time when the lightning revealed the room, but Mrs. Barclay was brave and strong ; she put behind her while she shuddered the im pressions of the intensified loneliness the picture bestowed—the empty chairs, the helpless women, and the powerful man waiting, with his ghastly anxious face. Where the nights are long and dark, and the merciless wind bites bitterly, flecked with snuw or wild with storm ; where the whiteness aud the blackness and the power of the air dominate all else from the setting to tbe rising sun— chilling the prospect, daunting the hope, and lifting the rags of poverty; where tbe wbite is piled against the window panes like shrouds, and its silent pall and accumulation has the weirdness in it that is germane to fate and to the inevitable, is the plaoe for ghost stories. Not so Australia. We are too young and too practical. We bave no castles with their remnants of toppling walls and decaying staircases, hidden cells and revolving slabs, lead ing to darkness and indices of tragedy. How, indeed, oould this be tbe habitat of ghosts, where the cocks crow every bdur, and there is not a cranny fearsome enough where they could hide their impalpable selves ? Our notions in this respect are iconoclastic. What t>lie could they be where tbe days art fu)l of brightnetf and the nights are fall of ■tun ringing their eternal pialm P There the grim white of the •now filled streets, with blots of poverty on them wailing with the oold and yielding to the grip of want. Here the days towing joy and beanty upon every hillside, orer every plain, and the lap of the seasons filled with plenty. This is no plaoe for ghosts or ghost stories. Bat, if impressions suoh as that one which was produced on Mrs. Barclay's mind by the light ning piotnre hare no prophetio prevision, who oan tell their purpose bat those whose lives hare been thereby influenced P Who will under* take to interpret what ' warned of God in a dream' means, and who shall say we are not thus warned erery moment of our waking lives P Mrs. Barclay felt that oreeping feeling whioh told her she had got a fresh memory to add to the store famished by gone years } she faintly •aid— ' Open the door, Hall, that we may hear the ■onnd of the coming voioet and the coming tfouble.' The blackness of the storm had gathered and filled the night. The intense quiet was but made manifest by the sounds near by. The trees and the hills looked to be but a deeper blue upon the sky, except where the lightning illumed all things with its vivid revealment, and the thunder shook the silence to leave it cowering silenter than before. Mrs. Barolay stood upon the verandah with her hands clasped j Miss Barclay stole behind her and pot her hand on her mother's shoulder, appalled and breathless for the sounds that were to come. After a time the indistinot rattle of wheels filtered up, muffled by distance, and then a spark of uniteady light came stumbling out, disappearing, swaying, growing, but advancing always. The next light ning showed the garden and the track, and on it a •mall dark group t and when the voices reached the waiters they hurried down, lighted from the •ky at intervals. The mother's agony of expeo tation made her speechless, and her daughter was numb with fear. The group toiled slowly to where they stood, with low question and answer given now and then. If r. Barolay sat driving the single horse he had taken with him, and the flashes enabled the ladies to read the pain and sorrow he felt to see a figure lying in the body of the waggonette and a white face tamed upwards i to see the vehicle bound with ropes, the glisten on the steaming horse, and two strange figures walking behind. The light whioh showed all this also showed to Mr. Barolay his wife and daughter. He turned at if to speak | bat his head sank upon his breast again, and he drove on without further sign. Mrs. Barolay clasped her daughter's hand, and took her between the strangers as they walked. Fighting with her fear, she tried to whisper collectedly— * Are you, Mr. Beolon, are yon the gentleman who saved my son from death P Oh, sir, this is no time for ceremony $ tell his mother that you •aved him j tell me he will live. Think of me, Mr. Soolon, and tell me all i he is my only son.' The suffering in the whisper, the intonations of pain it bore, the emphasis given it by the •baking hand that was on his arm, toaohed the man deeply, but, when he saw the fair appealing face beside her for a short imtant, he was afraid to speak, for the hope he had to give was scant. 'Madam,' he replied, whispering her way through the blackness,' I saved him from drown ing, and helped to carry him to the but. You ask me if he will live j I say, God forbid that his life should be broken thus. I have every hope in divine mercy. No one oan tell what the in juries are. The dootor should be here in ten minutes.' The words were easily caught, and the lady stepped on meohanioally over the rugged track. Soolon became uneasy at her silence, and when he felt her lean heavily upon him he put his arm round her and supported her to her home. Mr. Barolay and Mr. Soolon slid the mattress from the body of the waggonette upon an old door, and they gently carried their burthen to the suffering man's room. When the doctor arrived, the father remained with him, assisting in the examination, and haggardly watching the expressions of his face as his fingers pressed npon the limbs and trunk in search of wound or fracture. Harry Barolay's eyes had the clouded look of pain, and but for the restless swaying oi his head and the sudden olenchings of his hands he lay so still that the rest fulness of sleep might have been over him. Dootor Kennedy perhaps knew as much as most doctors, whioh is saying very little, but he was anxious and earnest for his friend, and brought all the teachings wbioh his experience gave him to bear upon the cate, with a care and solicitude seldom evinced by medical men. Edward Scolon walked, by request of Mr. Barclay, to the dining- room. He was the second stranger who 'came to the door that night. His heavy boots also echoed firm footfalls, and like Hall, he stood for a moment at the door. The regard to position which Mrs. Barclay displayed when Hall was making his toilet.was gone now The lady did not wait for the announcement of a knock j she ran over and opened the door, forgetting the littleness she had built around her during the long years that were passed and dead in the human pleading of affection and suspense and fear. 1 Mr. Scolon, come in and speak to me; oan I go to Harry's room yet P Where should his mother be but by his bedside P Why are they so long ? You have come from there, you have seen him, you have saved him ; tell me all.' ' Mrs. Barolay,' Scolon made answer, bending in stately fashion above the poor lady, ' the best reply I oan give you is that you oan now go and see your son. The dootor wants you.' She forgot all else but the welcome message. She swept past Scolon without thought or pause. The heart of womanhood was beating now, and the cobwebs of position, of oonven* tionality, of gentility, were swept away before the mother's love and the mother's dread. Mr. Soolon looked after her sadly, and sat down with the light full on him. His faoe was strong and full of force. There was determination and there was tenderness in the lines of the lips to be seen below the fair silken beard, and there was intellect in his square forehead. He looked curiously at the pictures, at the table service yet on the table, and at the evidences of a sphere in life that did not belong to him j but with tbe quiet perception of a man not to be moved by the gaud of sparkle or glitter. He did not see the dark eyes and fair faoe of Alice Barclay, with its glory of hair and its fear and trembling, looking at him in mute questioning and reading, till she rose and spoke. ' I have heard what you said to my mother, Mr. Soolon, when you followed Harry home, and now when you gave her the doctor's mes sage. You will believe, lam oertain, that my sut pense could not be more painful than it is, and you will relieve it if you oan. Tell me all you think about my brother. Ido not ask you for what you know j the dootor will be the better judge.' Her hand was on the table supporting hsr while speaking, and having come forward the brilliance of the lamp fell npon her hair and winsome faoe, bearing its imperial stamp and its kindness. As she stood she showed the soft onrves and contour of her figure, and over all the yielding half-imploring questioning of sor row and distress. Mr. Soolon felt embarrassed. To gain a little time he rose and offered Alice Barclay a chair. She could not help seeing that his figure was as massive as her father's t that in his hands there slept strength, and his chest was the front a gladiator might have shown. When he sat down again there was a pained expression in his face. He was one of those men who are honest in word as in deed. 'You ask me what I think, Miss Barolay. I would much rather you had asked me what I know. In that case I could only have told yon your brother was senseless and drowning when I had the good fortune to release him. What I think is that he is badly hart. He is now sensible, but I do not like the expression of his eyes or his aversion to speak. Ido not like the constant motion of his head—that signifies pain— or the sudden clenohings of his hand. I would rather have known that some of his limbs were broken, and there an end of it. I am not a doctor, nor am I versed in surgery f but what I fear is that be has suffered some internal injury. What I hope is that he is suffering from what medi cal men in their jargon call "shook." If that be all, he will be well and bright again before very long; and mayGrod grant the continued lease of the life that promised to be so useful and so happy. Now, Miss Barolay, you know what I know and what I think j and yet,' he continued slowly, • I think still more, for I believe that in the glad Christmas time that is so olose to us you will have cause for thankfulness and not for grief.' There was an expression in the manner of the words, as well as in the words themselves, that conveyed an altogether novel sense of superiority in the man before her. The unassuming manli ness of the speaker, and his quiet self-contain ment, bestowed a feeling of strength as if there lived a protection in his presenoe. She looked at the strong-handed speaker, and felt the calm that surroanded him with a sort of wonder. But Miss Barclay, schooled as she was in tbe grim and washy hauteur whioh her mother had sedulously implanted, replied with due repose, though with genuine feeling— ' Mr. Scolon, you give me more than hope; you give me something of your faith. Christ mas is the time for benefactions, and why should we not have faith in a blotting being given to us in this trial ? What greater blessing than Harry's recovery? what greater cause for thankfulness P' 'That is the way to look at it. Let us not fear that desolation will be planted here with so much reason for rejoicing strewn abroad, in this blue-skied buoyant land of ours there is nope everywhere There is the prodigality of nature, whioh U the gift of God, and "He doeth all things well." To-morrow, there*—pointing at the blinded window—* the atorm will hare passed, and the joy of a fresh day begun. If we beliere in blessings coming as in those that are around us, we honor the giver, and that means worship and thank-giving. I am not a preacher, and I do not profess to be religions, but the beauty and the brightness that Utss between sod and sky from day to day is to me like a ohorus of joy, whioh is a chorus of praise, and is it not the same ohorns, sung by different voices, which the shepherds in the fields heard in the old time? You see,' he said haltingly but smiling, * I am trying to impart faith. Faith is prayer.' This was teaching that Miss Barclay knew little of. Th« meaning reached her dimly. It was high and abo?e her. Who was this man, so grare and calm, who was lifting a ourtain put whioh she saw new beauty and another life, who so readily opened up possibilities of enjoyment P He was ungainly, for there is always ungainlinesa in strength, but there seemed a repose about him that was soothing and reassuring. •I remember, I think,' Miss Barolay said, with an anxiety to say something, and a great effort to find some subject with whioh she was oonreriant,' hearing poor Harry speak of you. Was it not you who kept the shearers at bay when they rushed upon the overseer at Jeffer son's station P Harry related the oiroumstanoe to us in his own graphio way, until it appeared as if I oould see you standing in the doorway at the end of the narrow passage, and, as my brother expressed it, "chucking the men back." 1 'It is true,' assented Soolon, < that I helped to keep the door till Murray got away i but it is equally true that the man deserved punish ment. He was a tyrant by nature, and therein resembling some squatters I oould name, who imagine the stepping-stones to their money bags are over the pitilessly wrung efforts of men. Murray was a ooward, and he was as weak as he was treacherous, and the men were honest fellows, but angered and goaded. I knew them, for I worked amongst them, being • shearer in that shed.' It is not too muoh to say that Miss Barclay lor a moment forgot the trouble that bad come to her, and indeed all else, before the startling announcement that this man was a shearer speaking to her in eduoated accents, showing her a brief glimpse of an almost new world resting there in his quiet strength, and master* ing her against hsr will with the poetry of his thought. He saw the expression and solved it. * Yes, Miss Barolay, I was a shearer thsn, and working beside me was poor Tweedie, who spoke in scraps of Horace, recited Shakspeare, and died in delirium tremens. I often think of that year when I am at work upon my farm.' * You are a fanner, Mr. Seolon P' ' I farm among the Tines beyond. If you have remarked a green spot yonder, where the roll from the hill and the nlain line meet, you will see my farm. The site possesses two advan tages—it rests below the shadow of the shelter* ing hill, and it shows me the liberty of the plain.' 80 spoke the stranger, anxious to keep the attention of the lady turned from the misfortune her mother was contemplating. Boon came up the rustle of a dress announcing Mrs. Barolay's return. When she came in her face was calmer and her bearing more self-possessed. ' Alioe, dear, the doctor cannot discover muoh that is wrong, bnt he says he cannot tell yet concerning internal injuries. Harry is quieter now, and sleeps. I would rather you did not see him till tomorrow, Mr. Soolon.' The old frigidity was creeping back to Mrs. Barolay's roioe. ' I know you will excuse my want of thought in not inviting you to eat something. There will presently be something served for you.' ' I dined at the hut, Mrs. Barclay, and I am unused to supper. You have brought good news with you. I trust all danger will be past to-morrow. Good-night j the storm is over.' It was in vain Mrs. Barclay refused to let him go. He simply said that he must get home, and the few miles walk would be nothing, carrying with him the knowledge that he had been instrumental in saving life and keeping from them a great affltotion. He would walk or ride over on the morrow. Charm 11. A OHBXtriCAB DAT ACT) A DUIL. Jack Shea, the stockman, wu upright ef gait and peremptory of manner; he sat horse* with a courage that bordered on audacity, and broke them in with the relentlessnese of a conqueror. Hie part of the oattle mob teldom broke. No log tamed the straight-going hones he had trained and appropriated. He knew the scrub ben, and could tell by instinct which gaily they would ' take down' and where they would try to scatter before they wen got to the wings. He wu forested with the powers of a gene* ralissimo at mustering time, and ruled with the seTerity of an autocrat, but during all the peril* ons days when towards the erenings rang the rolleys of the stookwhips round the low* ings of the herd as they were rushed to the yards no horses knooked up. Thoie times gare Shea pride of rictory. The struggle when first the cattle were started, and a huge dim ware of life rolled down from the timbered hills, and crashed through trailing undergrowth and yielding boughs out upon the plain, was to him like the memory of a battle. When the mob drummed thunder as it rolled below the white horns, orested end marked with sweat tike foam, and the whips' reports brought np the stragglers and streaked the sweat with blood, it was then Jack Shea lired, and forgot all but the wild exultation of the ohase. Shea used the stockwhip with the skill of an artist and the exactitude of a sarant. He could lift a shilling 14ft. away and cut a bullock bide with the down stroke. He could eraok the figure of eight and twist silken oraokers at full gallop. These were accomplishments of the highest order of merit, and won for him great position and influence amongst bis brethren of the pigskin. Some of them went so far as to say that Shea was learning to crack tnnes, and he would soon be able to play solos with his lash to a ring of entbusiastio spectators. Bhea oarried two secrets with him unread and unsuspected. The one concerned his family, the other concerned himself. None thought when they saw the dark rapid eye of the swarthy stookman grow fixed upon the face or figure of Alice Barolay, and a paler shade steal gradually upon his bronse cheeks, that he was more hopelessly a Blare than the prisoner used to be in red Tangiers. Unknowingly she filled his life with thrall j she dominated his waking and his sleeping thoughts! she was always hauntingly present He who had soaroe spoken to her fought proudly—fought the feeling as he fought his hones and the cattle. Erery day he struggled and every day he lost. Her face wu before him in the silence of the heary trees, it glanced at him from the waters. When the earth span out behind his galloping horse, it was there. When the stars were in the sky, it was with htm. Alice Barolay was Jack Shea's life. The only ease for his pain were the stiri and thrills of danger, the exoitement of the furious hunt, and the reokless chances it gare. A few days before the aooident to Harry Barolay then came to Shea a large and important>look ing letter, addressed in a lawyer's hand. He opened it hastily and read > then stood up in the empty hut in an attitude of triumph that wm almost fierce, with the letter raised, and the look and teeming of one of those standard* bearers made brown and knit by the far Cru sades where Moslems fell. The deep glow on his face, the deeper glow in his eyes, and hit white strong teeth might bare been trans ferred to eanrae as the ideal of one whose battleaxe had rent the steel-ringed mail of Damascene. Fortune bad found him out in the obicure but The world's faror and smiles were in the letter his hand grasped, and they would be at bis feet ere long. • But what of money, what of title P' thought Bir John Shea Holoombe. 'My struggles are orer, my fight is fought, and Alice Barolay shall be .a prouder lady than erer her mother dreamt of. He recalled the goodness and the beauty in her face now i he hugged the thoughts he had battled with. There was no longer a ohasm between him and Alice—it was more than bridged by a baronetcy and a fortune. The world was bright at last; there was hope for his only hope. There was a prospect of win* ning the only prize the world could offer. Out from where he stood were spots of moring color barred by raili. By the door was his blaok Gipsy, rubbing her soft muzxle on her shining legs, and enquiring with her daring brown eyes why he was so long of coming away to the shadows on the yielding sward and to the tangled paths, to the musio of the crashing boughs, the concert of the whips, and the rumbling rush that intoxi* cates like wine. Horse and yarded cattle, the sounds of whips, the noise of drafting, swam away before the diisinesi of the hope that usurped him. ' Nerer hoped for and come at last' thought the man, with his brilliant clean out face fixed on the homestead, and his heart away below its roof. And yet his face was not joyful, it was only exultant and imperious and set of purpose; but it was formidable and hand* some and warm with the rich sun stored in it with the keen quick look that danger gires to courage. And, as he stood, the figure that he was nerer without seeing, that he had tried so hard to forget, came out upon the rerandah. He looked long, thinking of his yesterday and bis to-day; then, in the dim light of the un* windowed hut, he tatdown and wept. The taste of Holcombe was good. He had an intuitire sense of harmony and of that whioh was becoming. It was this quality which in* fluenoedhim before going to the home station and informing Mr. Barolay of the change. Ha hoped that on the ocoaiion of this visit he might by some chance meet hi* matter's daughter on terms of equality, but he made no toilet from the soanty materials whioh the hut or his boxes offered. He knew that his appearance would be by no means improved by elaborate preparation, and that in his brown riding boots and his blue Crimean shirt he was fittingly dressed. He gave the letter to Mr. Barolay, shortly intro duoing his action by saying— 'You will see by this, Mr. Barolay, that pros* peots better than those of a stockman are now mine, and that, however I might have liked that life in the past, I must consider the duty wbioh I owe to myself and to my family.' The subtle change in Holeombe's manner was greater far than clothes oould hare effected. If he wore his Crimean shirt and brown riding boots, he also wore his baronetcy very unmis takably. Mr. Barolay read the communication carefully, and the pleasure visible on his face gave a pleasure to Holoombe he did not expect. Mr. Barolay was honest and sterling, and he made little of the title, but heartily congratulated his late stockman upon the change. 'I am very glad for your sake, Shea—Sir John Holoombe, I mean. You deserve to be well served in the pleasant future opening to you, for you have served well. I do not think I oould pay you a higher compliment. Yo« cannot of course stay any longer at the hut, and Merton is but three miles from here. I will give you • letter to my lawyer, and then you can arrange as to your future course. I can didly tell you, Sir John, that I think you should not stay here—l mean as a guest of mine. Your associations would not be consistent with your position, and you must forget the past. As you say, you owe a duty to yourself and to your family.' ' You are right,' Holoombe said slowly. ' Yet I feel somewhat attached to this place, where I have passed through some hairbreadth escapes and happy days. You will permit me to visit you from time to time P' Mr. Barclay's broad hand was held out at onoe. ' Sir, I have only spoken for your good. We shall always feel honored by a call. Oome and see the ladies.' An hour after, when Sir John had mounted Gipsy, the exultation had not left his face. He felt he bad borne himself well. Mrs. Barolay had fluttered all her graces at bin, and dragged Ml h*r MHirtrj a loo* way past the Navy •tflsjb. AMffsfewtd MM*mty Ik* pleasure ahe f* as Ike gwAfnUM «f tl»li*«fc|ftnan. Bbc talked mntty a*d Mails;, so that he tbofhl he had -m seen fcaaly that hi loved wnNOHtkHiatim. Ami hie animated flashing fcee mdc a floe seaicast to hers, with its rich tinged hair. Wfcca h« gtt away below the boughs with speeding Gipsy covering the turf, he shouttd and laughed and spread the reports of his whip abroad as he travelled on. The man's faoe and bearing showed that he was deeply moved, and his exultation from the first was that of a conqueror. There did net appear to be any joy fulness or simple gladness in the feeling he felt. There was pride in the expres sion of his eye, glowing though it was. He was handsome, cool, determined, and dangerous. This is of oourse the proper thing for baronets to be who are introduced into novels; but I knew Shea a long time before he sucoeeded to the title and the estates. He was then hand* some, but morose and daring. The good for tune, whioh reached him as I have described, brought out new phases of oharaoter. Although Shea was never a favorite with the men, he commanded their respect; and there was scarcely surprise expressed when his fortune was made known. He was not a man to do things by halves. Just as he settled himself in the saddle to a perilous jump, as he ran the risk of the rushings of a sullen bull in the drafting jard or on the plain, so he accepted the position that was given him to support; and then came, by consent of Mr. Barolay, an invitation to every man on the station, bearing embletnatioal de vices of rampants and bars sinister and other foreign peculiarities not to be interpreted by the station mind, but to be preserved as evi dences of intimacy with high life. The invi tation was for Christmas Day, and it set forth that a dinner would be given by Sir John Shea Holcombe in memory of the pleasant time he had speut amongst his then comrades, and in commemoration of his parting from them for the position to which be had been oalled. This was the action of one who quite pro perly assessed the situation. There was in it the liberality of the gentleman, the dignity of the position, and the rigid faot of his utter and complete removal from the sphere of those in vited. The dinner, or as the guests irreverently called it the spread, was to take place at Hunter's Bull and Mouth Hotel, a»d the pre parations made were on a scale of unusual magnitude. Blue gum boogha were imported to decorate the verandah and swing their green* 'ness in festoons over the long dining table' 'Paper flowers, prodigal as to pattern and color, 1 were tied among the leaves. The table, when on view before the serving, presented so elegant an appearanoe, made op of oranges and almonds and giais, that the station hands who came early in their Sunday garments were subdued. They felt prepared to call their entertainer .'Sir,' to forget his sojeurn in the bunks .above or below them, and to credit the silence and distance of his manner to the aristooratio proclivities whioh must at all times have coursed through the blue blood of his patrioian person. Stookmen, splitters and fencers, ploughert and reapers, were there, beaming in the brotherhood of chapped hands and red faces, expectant for the viands, and pleasurably awaiting the development of the : commissariat. And when it beoame known that Kate Hittmann would wait—Kate, who knew them all, and had laughed with their laughter, and assuaged their thirst so often with honestly filled pints—the happiness was complete, and ' they beoame unreservedly at home. It is not for me to desoribe the progress of the Christmas dinner, but it is right that attention should be oalled to the possibility of suoh a gathering as but another contrasting shade of society in this oountry of contrasts. The baronet presided, but he was the baronet. No one present oould tell how or why, but all very plainly felt the difference of position exist ing between the giver of the feast and the guest* there assembled. And there was great melody of happiness, if the broad glistening faces to hearty toasts, the rough and honest congratula tions, and the jingling applause over sentiments and reoitations were any criterion. Not a few wineglasses had been wrecked in the impetuosity of enthusiastic momenta. Tom Bond, who had backed himself to shear a hundred of Bar day's ewes in a day, spread his elbows en the table in the listlessness of his strength to con template the first live baronet he had ever seen t and the stockman predicted how he would show the way at the JSnglish hunts as he had on the timbered plains and over the oresta of the tangled hills. The evening was sot, however, destined to pass in that harmony wbioh the host had anticipated. Bond's rival in the shed had made remarks that were not flattering to the tall shearer, and the latter draw himself from his easy position with a request that the words used might be repeated. There was as little possibility of mistaking the menace that was in the faces of the men as of mistaking the result when Bond flung his tumbler at the head of the aggressor, and shivered it into fragments on the wall behind. The laughter and the gaiety died out i looks of Kate's yellow hair were no longer asked for, and the gallant bush oompltaents were for gotten. Men who were beginning to commune with themselves, or were easting about in search of food for oensare or argument, became arrested and sobered. The two men had been rivals for many a day. They had backed them* selves in shearing snatches against each other with varying success, and it might have been supposed each would have been oontent to allow the other his chum to saperiority. Be* tween them, however, it was kept up for years with the bitterness of hatred and the oonstanoy of a vendettaj but there was more than the mere pitting of strength or skill in the jealousy thereby caused. Over beyond where a few little farms had crept upon the selvage of the stoay plains, and where the workers oast their seed, and formed, painted by the spring, square* of vivid green, lived black-haired Norah Boyle, with the sparkling eyes and the ready smile, and a oonstant song of voioe of bearing and of gladness. The big fellows would have walked through fire to serve her, as they walked over many miles of weary road to see her and talk with her, and carry baok added memories and hopes, and fresh material to ponder over and dream about. To each other they bad been sullenly cool and studiously distant. Tom Bond and Jim Hall had their respective parties and backers, and they were building houses and getting cattle together from their wages, while each hoped that his roof would soon cover the bright girl whose eyes were so gladden ing and held in them so much that moved their energies and their hearts. It was the thoughts of her that worked the men to anger, and planted the hatred that was between them. Now the truth of wine and its recklessness goaded them on, and the challenge that had been browing so long was given and received. When they rose from their places and left the room, they were pale and quiet. It was in vain they were recalled by their host and im portuned by their friends. The time to try final conclusions had arrived, and they were eager for the struggle whioh, in their simple estimation, would give Norah to the victor. The room emptied almost as silently as Bond and Hall had quitted it, and the gueits filtered out to the paddock below the house, and were soon hedging in the two men in a silent ring. Over them was the bright December moon. Up agaimt the deep night blue, pared with it* burning start, the silent bills stood darkly; orer from them lay the white dusty road, that crept down past town and treea to the spot where Norah slept and sang. The struggle was one of thos* quiet and terrible ones which in other times would hare sorely meant death to one or both. Once the men stood face to face, there was no thought of treaty; once the raining blows were exohanged, thera was no hope of in* terferenoe, till the strength and enduranoe of one had yielded to that of the other. Bond was beooming mad with the excitement. He seemed scarcely to feel blows that any other would hare succumbed to. They had fought and rested, and fought again; and they were strong and active still. The dote embrace, the rapid effort, the punishment that could soaroe be seen in the soft light—all these followed so quickly and so constantly that the men wondered—all this without sign of distress or evidence of yielding. But it is seldom a duel of rapier or pistol or unarmed hand gives vic tory fairly. The chances deoide arbitrarily! they hold the scales and send up the beam, ruling the issues of conflict always, and thence send forth the destinies. It was a strange scene on that peaoeful Christmas night; not one man in the ring spoke. The expressions of excite* ment usual at snoh a time were hashed, and that human feeling that moves and sways and is always present at contest or struggle of what ever kind was not manifest. The interest was too deep. There was something of awe in the determined ferooity and the enduring strength displayed. The moon showed something like stains npon the faces of the oombatanti, on their bodies, gleaming whitely in its light, and on their tireless arms. Once Bond had fallen, bat he sprang up with a wilder feeling of anger, with seemingly an aooeis of strength. Had the light permitted, he would have been many times at the mercy of his antagonist; but he was so powerful, 10 quick, so pressing, that this fault went for littls. Hall at last reoeived a blow that was heard as well as seen, and he staggered back, falling doubled. His antagonist seemed bereft of bis senses. There at his feet lay the man whom of all others he hated with a hate brooded over and nurtured for years. If witnesses had not been present Hall would never have risen. As it was, he dashed his heavily-ihod boot at the rising bead, and the man sank baok. The crowd spoke with one voice, and spoke for the first time. There was a depth of meaning, of indignation, of horror at the aot, in the spoken word, • foul,' from every man present» and the ring made to close on him, when the presence of another actor stayed them. In the dark dreis he wore, with the moon soinlillating on his studs, as keen and as agile as a leopard, the baronet sprang into the space and confronted the standing man. There was a rapid stroke, delivered with the quickness of thought, and both the fighters lay side by side. Bond rose again in a slow fumbling manner, but turned upon tbe ex«stookman with treacherous sodden* ness. It was too late for warning, everyone present saw the danger, each man shouted that he should beware, aud the little ring broke into a confuted heap towards the two. They had seen a bluish gleam below Bond's hand. The next instant it fell on Holoombe's shoulder, and, following it, a dark stain grew wide on his shirt. The stabber was seised and gripped to help* lessness by the strong hands that were round him, and Holcombe, with his head droop ing and the stain growing, was helped back to the house, and Hall, still senseless, was carried after. The Christmas revel, commenced in wine, had ended in blood. The party gathered for enjoyment scattered from tragedy. The goodwill of the day begun was severed by the blade of an assassin. The green paddook, with its lines and blots of shadow, was deserted, and below the sky and the radiant stars the peace returned that had been outraged by man's passion. The men fluttered back like birds to their evil roosts, ashamed of the desecration and of themselves—afraid and repentant when re pentanoe was too late. At the Barclay homestead the return of the day, with its sheen of brightness snd its bestowal of sun on all that lay below,, made shadow and cheer. It swept the breaite of hills and the solemnity of forest lands, flinging out shades from crags, and waking up note and song from tree and tussock as from shadowy clump and flagged morass. There was no part in all tbe surrounding lands where voice was not heard. The language which day uttered unto day on this Christmas was laden with peace as with perfume, so that there was felt the restful waiting and the restful hope. The utterance of near 1900 years ago was as loud and ringing from earth to sky as on that night upon which lore to all men was told by messengers we have not seen, by voices we have not heard. It was one of those days that makes the scenery fall of richness and steals upon tbe heart with peace. The sun was bright upon the garden green, falling through the foliage in quivering spears and lighting up the old trees that bent above the river and laoed their arms aoross it, watching its hurrying and listening to the babble of iti history just as they had embraced and bent and listened many scores of years agone. Our Ohristmases are generally days when the sirocco is out upon the plains, scorching the hills, drink* ing up the water, and touching all verdure from land to sea with its wither and its bleaoh and brown. This is the breath that dries to dust and catohes it up in whirlwinds, like other pillars of cloud by day, travelling across the wilderness of barrenness and silenoe, worse by far than that in whioh Israel journeyed and blundered and longed again for tawny Egypt and its plenty. On this day the sun had not the pitiless brazen glare in whioh all things fall seared and dying. The song was not stifled in the throats of birds, and trees were not dose with heavy breath. There was movement, and life, and brightness; skimming birds struck the old river with their breasts of Tyrian purple, and their crimson-painted wings made it dance and ripple and throw up showers of enriohing sparkles on the leaves above it, then hurry on, carrying its masio to the sea. What if the haze was on the hills and the air was quivering over the level plains P It was summer, but it was meroiful, and there was movement and shimmer from the wee forgotten plants to the topmost plumes of huge trees that were in growth long before the bushman's aze had shattered the silenoe with whioh ages had domed the conti* nent from hill to ooast. By speoial and earnest request Mr. Edward Bcolon left his plantation of leafy vines and his yellow fields to spend the day with Harry, whom he had saved, and with those who would have been mourning but for him. He was gladly weloomed. Harry's bold candid face showed his thankfulness more than his words; so did the light in the eyes of Alice | so did the pronounoed graoiousness of Mrs. Barclay and the firm olasp of her husband's hand. 'You have come,' Harry said, with Alice in expression and bearing italicising bis words, • to spend along quiet day with us. On what other day but this could you have favored us so much f On the night of that storm, Mr. Soolon, when I lay dimly sensible, I little thought I should be standing by your side now.' • There,' spoke his sister, with a tremulous motion of her lips and voioe, 'stands your Christmas gift to us t' she pointed, with the gleams of rings on her white fingers, to her brother as they shook and shone. ' What do we not all owo you for such a gift as that P' • To me you owe nothing, Miss Barclay; you owe all to the gracious providence of the cbanoe that showed me Harry's danger and enabled me to be in. time to save him. It would have seemed hard if the melody of such a time and of such a day, whioh is like the melody of your oonstant life in this old home—that has such harmony in its cool still rooms —had been broken by a great sorrow.' Mrs. Barclay told Soolon the story of the baronet, and how the men had gone to Merton to be entertained ; she touched on the captain who died from frost, and ooold not be saved by friction, at Labrador; and she trotted him round oil paintings where men were pourtrayed in idiotio stiffness, flat hair, and incon tinent collars. She marched him across her album with a series of explanatory notes and aesthetic remarks on Grecian profiles, classio noses, and high-bred looks, bestowed by birth and blood to the gifted of nature —to the men born to oommand; most of whom, I may be permitted to remark parentheti cally, are generally born fools. The marriage of Mrs. Barclay's sister to an Indian Judge was related with all the high and oriental jinks of that regal ceremony—the trains of native ser vants, the jewel looted at Seringapatam pre sented to the bride by another judicial function* ary, and worn on the lady's throat to the envy of all beholders on that great day; the attendance of native princes who were present, and flashed their diamonds with imposing reck leisness and blazing glitter, made quite a wordy pageant before the able description of the lady. The inference was left to be drawn tbat the aristocratic female thus narrating had sacrificed for her husband possible positions in high and mighty circles, and the union of blood with nameless potentates, to say nothing of coronets and heraldic things and various similar chances. As the day was moving slowly to the west, and as it wrought designs and beauties everywhere, broadcasting the glories and the blessings that were in its gift; as it lingered upon the gables and by the trees over on the water and down on the pasture, sunning the rooks, shifting the shadows, and busy with its duties in the call to praise and the invitation to happiness, there were imprestiona weaving for hearts to cherish, and remembrances planted not to be forgotten. Alioe and Scolon were among the green sedge that Hanked the river, and their voices mingled and went away together with the noise' of its flowing. Harry vu strong enough to sit near them and dream into the future and its unknown sea. Mr. Barolay was happy and grateful to the Giver of Good that his boy was preserved to him, and the blaoknesa of tbatblaok night dispersed for the clear day. Hia aon, with the ourla on hia fore head and the merry laugh, was given to him again. What more could he wish for? what more could he do but render tribute of thanka P Alioe'a mother dissolved into visions of greatness inti mately conneoted with Indian magnifioenoe and the blood of all the Howards. If Mrs. Sinclair had been awake and down by the shadows on the water, and in the stillness and near the murmur, she would have listened intently to what Scolon was saying. ' The trust in the future must, I believe, be always supported by that whioh proclaims it work. There can be no faith where there is recklessness. That is defiance, because it is sin, and to it there oan be only the one ending. The example whioh I have in my memory now oocurs to me as apt. A few years ago I was present at a marriage ceremony and feast. The bride was the daughter of a wealthy man, and he gave her dowry of house and lands. That was a day of rush and rustling. No prospect was fairer, no promise seemed surer. He was handsome and of good presence, and his young wife regarded him with a devotion that was stronger than all other considerations. Affluence was around them then, and wealth had prevised. A short time since I saw that buaband trying to pull hie hat's leaf over his face while leaning against a hoarding, in rags that were fluttering in the inclement wind. I saw Mr. Burnett a month after walking with the unfortunate, who was apparently clothed and in his right mind, and I saw this week the circumstantial acoount of his death in a gutter. Tbe pale gray face of that man's wife is a memory that will remain with me. Mr. Burnett and I told the lady the news of wreck and of death.' 'Do you mean Mrs. GrathP' Alice asked frightened. «I mean Mrs. Grath,' She put her hands upon her face, thinking what her mother would say, and knowing the grief she woald feel. It was not to be wondered at if Mrs. Barolay felt the shook. This lady who was widowed in the gutter was the cream of the oream. Yet the masterful owner of vines and of fields seemed to be an equal in that circle whioh revolved so silently on ita own axis, and had its own atmosphere quite olose to the sun, and beyond all things to be reverenced and respected anal regarded with obsisanoe and ready salaams. Okavtib 111. OARADT XAJkOU) WTFDI. Tfini were novel stirrings and a sense of rest* leesness at Beolon's heart when tbe Christmas Bay had dosed. He was distressed to find him. ■elf speculating on new prospects and admitting their possibilities. He recognised the futility of any hope in referenoe to Miss Barolay, and with all his strength banished the temptation pre sented. He had chosen his own course in life, and must not stop on its highway because of a face that was fair. Bhe was far removed from him, and they were in different paths. The daily work that was waiting for him would bring its soothing and its reward > better that than false position or a fruitless pursuit that could give him but little self-respeot, and yield him only regrets and unhappinesa. He reso lutely curtained out the face from hia imaginings and slept. There was calmness and there was fever on the records of the dsy. There were histories begun to be hereafter mingled. There were new departures on new roads to be guided to their fatal ends, whatever they might be. The coming time might reaoh the actors full of happiness or blankly barren. The impotent blindness of the future would be made plain when the coursing present scanned it and learnt what it had held; but there were the traces of clouds rising, and distant sounds of sadness. Mrs. Barclay felt rather elated when in one day she received two letters, each respectively important. One waa written by Sir John Shea Holcombe, and the other by Messrs. Bruce, Bray, and Bray, of Melbourne; the latter inti mating that a friend of the firm, Captain Harold Wynde, who was travelling about Australia, would most likely visit them shortly. Captain Wynde was a gentleman who had seen much active service: and Messrs. Bryoe, Brsy, and Bray had selected Mr. Barclay's station as in every way offering the most attractive exampl e of Australian life. Captain Wynde belonged to one of the oldeat English families, and would be delighted to know that life of which he had heard much and aeen nothing. It waa difficult to aay exactly when Captain Wynde would reach the station, but Mesars. Bryce, Bray, and Bray thought poaaibly within a week. Meaara. Bryce, Bray, and Bray were acquainted with the elegant hospitality of Mr. Barclay's station, and therefore they felt oertain a visitor like Captain Wynde woald not at all embarraai Mrs. Bar clay. The note of the baronet waa a eourteona acceptance of Mr. Barclay's inritation to call upon them. The Frigglesaes, who got the highest prioe for wool lait season, and the Percy de Peroivato, who always considered themselres too aristooratio to assooiate on easy terms with the Barclays, should hear of this. Captain Wynde, of one of the oldest English families, and Sir John Shea Holoombe under one roof! This was something like life. It was a kind of importation of ton to the choice and exolu* sire circle of whioh Mrs. Barclay should in future be regarded as the ornament and oentre. Other Tiaitors to Barolay station were in the habit of learning whether Mr. and Mrs. Barolay were hospitably inolined by sending in their cards and waiting for such invitation as might be thereby called forth. Captain Wynde, who probably claimed the privilege of old English families, did nothing of the kind. When he arrived, a few days after the letter, driven up by a diminutive man in a nondesoript kind of livery, their flashing buggy made for the stables, and the groom had the horae unharnessed and inside by the time the captain and his little servitor, old and thin and keen, like a sort of condensed jockey, were at the front bearing the luggage. The visitor, with great graoiouaness, aent in his square of paateboard, bearing Captain Harold Wynde and a Latin conundrum on a quarter, inaide of whioh was a performing lion. Captain Harold Wynde wore a long brown moustache that drooped far below his shaved ohm, and an honorable scar, extending from between his eyebrows to the roots of his thiok hair. He was tall and gallant, as beoame at captain with an inexhaustable supply of suavity. Mrs. Barolay waa exceptionally gracious, Miss Barolay ex ceptionally radiant. In ten minutes he was partaking of wine, comparing Anstralia with India, and speaking in terms of neighbourly familiarity of the notabilities of the latter place. He told stories of General Sir Joseph Jinks, under whom be had served in the Boyal Dragoons, and of the many dashing skirmish ings in the history of that regiment of whioh the world knew so little. It was at the brash at Hydrakaheeb, where the natives had closed round six of them not a mile from their quarters, that they out their way out through an opposition that bristled with old muskets and rang with execrations. 'That, madam'—he held his hand out to show a huge emerald—* was where I won the gem. I knew that the dis affected Prince Waukeer who led the ambush party had singled me out, but his horse had not the weight of mine, and his reach was shorter. One stroke from the poisoned blade of his raior* edged weapon would have been certain death, but Balderkin, my horse, was an old campaigner, and he shook the Prince m his seat so badly that I aaw my way unguarded to a straight lunge. The Prince wore that on bis iadex finger, madam.' Here was a new addition to the family that might be almost looked at as a sensation. This tall gentleman, with his long moustache, appeared to have faced death and delivered it to others as a matter of everyday life. He had ridden against the levelled barrels and the bayonets among showers of balls and falling comrades. His experiences were full of adventure. The soar on his forehead, whioh he received in one of the paases when a tribe surprised them on a moonlight nigbt, was inflicted by the famous Takoob Khan, who was the toughest rebel the English ever knew. ' That scar, madam, was given by a peculiar backhanded sweep whieb this man alone knewi but I had time to discharge my pistol, and see him drag ging by the stirrup along the base of the rooks before I too fell and was pulled to the rear. This I understand to be the hottest season of your Australian year. It is spring compared to India, and I have felt English summer days more oppressive. Lord Ludicove would have been with me on this trip but that he feared the hot winds. Tbe hot winds, pooh! Get overtaken by the monsoon, get the moving waves of scorching sand falling round you! Talk of Australian hot winds compared to those, they are but the breath of spring.' The captain rattled oa with an eaay flow that any chance word set going. He had a pleaaant way of monopoliaing people that waa aa eourteona as it was impudent j but the antiquity of his family and the noble circles that he moved round and that moved round him had doubtleas inspired him with that free dom and gallantry which Mrs. Barclay thought so soldier-like. And yet Captain Wynde's eyes seemed to carry a double meaning. He was to the observer most assuredly dealing with other thoughts when dealing with hia descriptions and presenting tbe light literature of bis travel. His face appeared to want rest, and his stealing eyea, that seemed slowly seeing everything as taking notes for future reference. But if repose waa abaent from bia manner it waa mo c than made up for by the large reserve stock of assi duity and attention he had always on hand. Tbii, of oourie, only to his equals. When walking put those who wen not, Mn. Barclay could almost diitinguuh the clang of the sabre and the jangle of the heavy sport as he strode on to the call of the sudden bogle or to hia ohamping Balderkin. When he sang hia Toice was rich and round, bat that was the time when he studied faoes most. His songs seemed to be to him a kind of ambush from whence he looked out and scrutinised, and back into which he took and stored the result of his obserrations. Thui:—••' Booked in the cradle of the deep:" That story of the Indian maiden pleassd Miss Barclay. Memo.: the old lady's weakness is society and swells. "Joanita: 1 To find out what the old psrties are worth. This place is snug — Barclay* watch, Mrs. Barolay's brooch, Alice's rings proclaim snug* ness. " March of the Cameron men :" Alioe admires my soar—memo.: to wear the hair more off it.' Holcombe was not at all discomposed by the presenoe of the visitor. He regarded him at first with easy carelessness. His attention, greatly to the delight of Mrs. Barclay, was centered upon her daughter, and it was oertain that he had little observation for other things till he saw a sort of familiarity growing op be . tween the captain and Alioe. Then his swarthy faoe flushed often, and his quiok dark eyes took another meaning—the meaning of watohfulnest and of distrust. There was nothing otgauehtrie in Captain Wynde, at least nothing that Hoi* combe could detect, hit perception being dulled by the experiences of later years; but he felt that his suspicions were just. One day, when he rode across from Merton on Gipsy, OTer the stripes of light and shadow, without turning from fence or log, his dark faoe aglow, and his dark horse ashine, he saw what drove thought of farther happiness from him for the day. On the long still waterhole that lay shaded and clear from end to end of the garden he oaught the glancing of oars and the sounds of laughing ▼oiees. Captain Wynde used the light propel lers as dexterously as he must bare used his sabre when he won the Indian's emerald. His tones oame distinctly down the stream with pleasing intonation, next the laugh of Alice, and then the mingling of the voices. Panting, Gipsy stood behind a hedge of briar, and her rider listened as the boat moved gently to where he wast 11 cannot help thinking of the story yoo told me about the little girl being purchased and set apart to be sacrificed as a propitiation to one of their angry gods. Is it quite true P' ' I believe it is, but the English have now put down such rites. After all, thsrs is no oountry like England. That at least U what I thought a short time since.' ' Has your opinion changed P' ' I think now there is no plaoe like Australia. Look at the surroundings—look at the day. This would be better for Lord Ladioove than the sooth of Franoe. Decidedly, Miss Barclay, I can see many tempting reasons why I should make this country my home. I, who have sesn all oountries and all kinds of life, give my ver* diet in favor of this continent and its life. If I had my Brighton oottage oat here I should forthwith settle down, bay sheep, and try to win the hand of the fairest I ooold see—and I shouldn't have need to searoh very far, Miss Barclay.' Captain Wynde took off his hat that he might feel the breath of the water upon his forehead and show his sear and his ring. Miss Barclay laughed merrily at she asked whether he would include the emerald. Then the watcher saw that he put all his fascination, such as it was, into his face: he contrasted his teeth with his moustache, and smiled, as Mrs. Barclay had described it, in a military and dis* tinguished fashion; while he intimated that his hand could never go without something yet more precious—his heart, his soul, his honor. The hand of the lady hang over the boat's side, and her glittering fingers farrowed the glittering water. Captain Wynde had the rare gift of knowing when he had said enough. Without invitation or further speech he sang a verse from some plaintive song, and the rioh voice added life to the pretty picture. Holoombe had heard and seen enough, and in five minutes GKpsy and her rider were at the old house. An hour later the strong«minded Mrs. Barolay stood upon the verandah flashed and excited. She was beside her hosband, who appeared to represent bis wife's feelings in a look of grave anxiety. 1 Alice's own heart must ohoose for he/, wife. I shall never by word or aot interpose between her and the happiness of her life. Apart from his title and fortune, tho man is superior to most others in manly qualities. He is courageous, determined, and honorable, but he is secretive, that is the one quality of his Ido not like. He has our permission, but how Alice will reoeive him is quite another matter.' ' Alioe will reoeive him welL • You think so* and I am of quite a oontrary opinion. Neither title nor fortune will influence her. We shall see.* The aristocratic visitors of Mri. Barclay, with Harry and his liater, plotted the doings of the day each morning, and carried out the pro* gramme faithfully through the days that were beginning to shorten and to oloud and to leare the heat behind them j the weeks passed on showing no change. The scion of the old English family was becoming restless, the incident* did not travel fast enough for him, and his little serrant had of late been frequently absent from the station for days together. None but Miss Barolay knew the efforts he had made to win her favor. He had evinced in every way bat by speech what his hopes were, and the quiet ttte-atitet in the boat and the songs by the river gradually ceased. Holoombe waa as anxious, as thoughtful, and as fearfnl as a man must always be who stakes the priie of his life on one haiardous interriew, but it was for him to choose the occasion best suited, so he watched and waited, with the depth in his eyes and voice speaking always the unspoken words. All this Alice had seen. What her mother had not told her she had deteoted, and the girl with the noble carriage and regal face began to droop. She would not, perhaps the dared not, try to analyse the reason. She knew that some months before she listened to words that seemed to follow her. They were strong lusty words, breathing a freshness and a beauty that had not entered into her mind before. There was a vaoanoy in the bright days that were passing. There was a something in them that waa unspoken. There was a pathway through them that was otrange to her, and yet she knew that it was there. One night of fear and suspense, when tbe blackness was revealed by blades of light ning, tbe entrance wae faintly disclosed, and, again, on tbe last oalm Christmas she had a glimpse beyond of a brighter vista, where the language of all things spoke in happiness, where there was rest and faith, where life seemed better and aobler. She knew there was joy aroond her she could not see, and happiness within her reach she could not tonoh. Was she happier for this dim knowledge P She knew that she was not | she saw men as trees walking. But the clear sight that was to follow, could she hope for it P She was beginning to think there was monotony in the empty days not changed by the stirring tales related for her espeoial pleasure, or by the proud silent devotion of the man who had wrestled against those thoughts of her that had bound him when separated by poverty and obscurity but to come to her bear* ing honors when honors earns to him—still un changed. The prospect she longed for and oould not describe, the prospect she felt but oould not see, was not now part of her life. The feeling gave her mind a sense of want. The con tent that underlies all happiness was not hers. ' Harry, I have watched our visitors wander ing out in different directions. One is bnsily engaged over yonder in earnest conversation with that confidential Lilliputian with the paroh* meat face } the other is amongst the trees by tbe river there, deep in some book. Let us take a ride—a good tearing gallop across the plains. I want a passage through the wind swift enough to tear away the cob webs that are gathering about my brain. Let us have the pleasures of our own society and conversation for a change, without the rapier practioe of the baronet or the boot>and>saddle episodes of the gallant captain.' She spoke hastily but nervously. Harry looked at her faoe with surprise. 'Why, Alice, I thought you were enjoying yourself immensely, and leading these noble peers or scions, or whatever they are, captive V She was silent i she was looking away aoross the plains with tears in her eyes and a feverish flush on her faoe. She did not move from con* templation of tbe low horison beyond the trees that showed the sky between like a stretch of sea. ' Then you really wsnt a spin, and you are in earnest P' She turned her faoe away as she replied, *I am very much in earnest \ make haste, Harry, before we are disturbed. Those aristocrats might come back before we get away.' • The horses,' answered Harry,' will be at the door in ten minutes;' but his face was thought ful as he hurried to keep his promise. 'Gallop, Harry, gallop! I should like to move quicker than my thoughts.' And the horses strode on, overtaking dis tances and leaving them behind, away towards the land coming down from the shoulders of the mighty hills with its regular contour till it spread away below towards the west, where the summits of the oloud mountains were daily tipped with gold. Harry's horse took a familiar course direot for the vinejard and the farm of Edward Scolon. ' Captain knows this way, Alice. We come here twios a week, and this, by chance, is about our call time. Here is the plaoe for an hour's talk, eh captain ?' patting the chestnut's neck. •With whomP' Harry pulled up his horse in undisguised surprise. ' You ask me with whom I talk hen! What have your gallants been about that they have not taken you to this plaoe P And you of all others do not know who the owner is P Who could bring me so far two or three times a week but happy and merry and grave Ned Scolon P Why, I'd rather sit by Ned beside the plashing little stream that runs put his vineyard than beside your swells over there, with their hidden rivalry and hatred—all about you, too. They'll go in for a duel or something of the kind one of these days. If they do Holoombe will spoil the other chap. I thought you knew Ned's place. This is worth coming for.' Miss Barclay bit her lips to hide the vexation she felt at the knowledge that her face was burning, and that the composure and repose whioh her mother had been at such pains to instil had deserted her. As they rode on she wondered at herself for shrinking from the meeting. She was afraid and she was glad. The monotonous evenness had left her. What was it P There away were the reaped fields of Mr. Soolon, and there the crop of trembling vine leaves; there wu the cottage, aid there tbe muter hard at work and singing. At Harry's request they rode up quietly, disposed of the horses, and walked down upon the grass where Scolon wu digging. He looked up laughing to answer Harry's shout, but started and stopped when he saw his sister. His face wu brown nd moist, and there wu pioturesqueness in his strong misfitting clothes, where seemed lurking in the folds evidences of honest work and tonings of oontent and peace. The sun wu on his face v he removed his hat and showed the whiteness of his broad brow. In singular keep ing with him wu the manner in which he pluaged the spade to ita eye in the sod, and the warm smile of welooms he gave to Alice v he held out his broad soiled hand. llf he is oblivious of gloves, 1 she inwardly said,' his brow is that of a prince.' With woman thought is quick. She looked best in the tight-fitting habit she wore. Harry ssid he was always proudest of her when she had it on f she felt her face was flashed and bright, and, generally, she knew she was at her best. Bttss) we» lajaloa: his strong figure wu sjsaawif is the sa*| his sonorous voice wu v eaw/awiisMt with his hand resting om the spate handle a* whs* he spoke to her by the rfeav or looked at bar across the shine of the stow ihisjfs sal the glitter of glus al her ■wsbsr's table. He laughingly said— ' Here meet the oontruts. I am presented with the dignity of refinement and position, while I am supposed to represent the dignity of labor. What can Ido to prove myself worthy of the honor P What is the next step a person situated v I am should take P You hare ridden some distanoe i the sun is warm. There is the ceremony of the breaking of bread and the drinking of wine.' ' I vote for a glass of your wine, Ned,' Harry struok in, 'and I think wine tutes better when one has memories with it. It adds to its flavor when I remember it was grown among those vivid leaves and ripened among their shadows.' 'There is my vineyard, Miss Barclay, in which I take much pride. When I think what it was years ago, and remem ber how often I have borne the burden and heat of the day among my planting, watching them grow vigorous while I tended them, and see their promise of bounteous payment for my care, it is not to be wondered at if I think my wine the very best, and feel in its flavor many of the surroundings of my life. I vow that from this vintage shall be set apart a doien of Hermitage in honor of this visit. Let us see what the old lady who is my housekeeper can set before us.' They went to the cottage, and sat tn the 000 l room talking of matters removed from the every day of life, yet woven in its web with subtle beauty, and they ail sang in the short gloaming, and talked till the moon rose and the horses stood waiting. 'When are you coming over, NedP' Harry uked v he lifted his sister to the saddle. ' When you are alone. Baronets and captains are altogether out of my sphere j labor mixes badly with accoutrements and crests.' He laughed with a pleasant sense of superiority that he did not care to hide, and watched them moving away till the darkness of distanoe covered the faint light and the sounds of the hones' feet were lost. He stood long wondering what tbe future might bring forth, and vaguely feeling the remembered restlessness caused by the face and tones that had just filled his rooms for the first time. ' Ah,' he muttered with a sigh, ' what woman could resist a ooroatt or • gallant oastain P' I Ohaptib IV. i : oAVTAnr hawed wthdb quxii thi raoi. j Thb stabbing affair at Merton wu hashed up at the special request of Holcombe. Although a good deal of blood bad been lost, the wound !wu not dangerona, and the atopy village soon returned to ita normal itate of repose. The Ohristmu night brawl wai almoit forgotten, and the heat lay brooding on the straggling street, stilling the soands of life and industry. It wu not easy to tell the reason of Merton's txistenoe. The farms around it wen faw, and tho shops within it seemed always empty. Merton ironmongery was rusted, its drapery was moth-eaten, and ita groceries musty. Goods had lain in conservative quiet so long that they seemed to hare become insti tutions of the plaoe. The cabbage-tree hat which ocoupied the prominent position in the draper's window for an unconscionable number of months wu known and envied by every man and boy in the Tillage. An enterprising sta* tioaer, who kept the post-ofiioe and sold news papers, tried to awaken a taste for art and 'literature by displaying from month to month a fiymarked engraving of the Battle of Waterloo. Shopkeepers of other towns cleaned their win* dows and dusted their goods sometimes. Mertoa was above such flimsy artifices. Its trade was not made by catchpenny trioks. What there wss wu done by orders from the stations or the farms, mostly in shears and sacks and seed oats. It wu not, thank Heaven, dependent upon such chances v the traffio brought And so Merton looked oat on the solemn proosssion of Urn* moving put, not notioing it wu getting old and rioksty, or that the seasons marked time upon it in rheumatio twists, blsaohing its boards and its signs white v they bleach men's bair. The same school summons and the same blaoksmitb's hammer spoke to it day by day, and on Sundays the eraoksd bell, which the Wesleyans had bought a bargain, made frequent disturbances on behalf of the various oongrs* gations in an uuseotarian and impartial manner. The Bull and Mouth Hotel bad been erected by a Yankee speculator who foresaw • future for the plaoe no one else could discover, but he backed his opinion by investing and getting mortgages and dying of Bright* disease. There wu plenty of whisky at the funeral, but there were no hatbands t the deosased had always expressed an aversion to pomp, or v he expressed it, * frills.' Travellers of all kinds stayed there. The obsque of the shearer was v frequently knooked down in the bar v that of the squatter in the rooms above, so that be* tween the two Mr. Hunter wu prosperous, for Merton. The somnolency of the street stopped at his ooraer. There wu always the music of sound to be heard, whether in the cleaning of knives in the kitchen or in the ornate adjectives of argument in the bar. The sheep-shearing was not only over up*oountry but tbs fleecing of the shearers had almost been completed satis* faotorily. There were still a fsw stragglers who had been delayed from various causes, but these were busy and fsst overtaking time. They had been drunk for about a week, had ' shouted' for all wayfarers, and were now leaning over the counter on their elbows singing scraps of national sentiments, interspersed by abrupt ssmioolons caused by their knees giving way. One or two unwuhed men sat sleeping on the benches, with the stains of orgy on their clothes and imprecations on their breath. It wu on the whole, considering the season, a very peaceful and orderly pioture which Mr. Hunter's bar presented. Alcohol had proposed the postponement of the debates for the pre sent, and sleep wu ably seconding. The land* lord thought the opportunity • favorable one for retiring, but he had no sooner left the bar than the shadow of a man's head fell across the threshold, followed closely and hesitatingly by that of the rest of the body, till a low* siied traveller, carrying a ewag, stood in the doorway. It wu singular that he made no noise, but much more singular that he wu quite sober. The stranger looked round and stepped in quiokly. He walked before the aleepers on the bench, lifted their hats quietly and them t went to the ohorusers at the counter, who by this time had suocumbed, and inspected them, sfter whioh he also sat peacefully down and rested. When the host returned he eyed him curiously, bade him good*day, and waited. •A put of beer, mate.' Hunter pushed the frothing tankard towards the traveller, noting his keen face and his soft hands. • dome from the shearing •• •No; I'm in search of work. How far is it to Barclay's P' The landlord told him, and in answer to further queries carelessly put gave tbe information that they would likely be short-handed over there at thi* time; that there was a real baronet and a captain stopping there; the captain wu a tail man, who had been through the Indian wars, had a scar on his forehead, and a long moustache —a regular swell. He also had a little mao-wr* rant with him, not more than sft. nothing, quick m a lixard and sharp at a raior. When the traveller shonldered hit iwag again he walked oat almost v noiselessly as he had come in, and made briskly away with the red ■an on his baok and around him, pursuing him with an unreal tinge, and bestowing a blood* shaded light on the white bush traok. When half the distant*) was made he flung his roll of blankets to the ground and sat on it while he smoked, with hie elbows on his knees and his eyes steadily in the direction of the station orer beside the hills. Looking there, with his chin resting on his palms, he laughed silently, found a small new note-book, parohased at Merton; tried to make some notes with a hard metallio pencil j oursed the stationer who exhibited the battle of Waterloo, and proceeded on his journey. It was this man who was the subject of conversa* tion between Captain Wynde and his servant when Alice asked Harry to take her for a ride. ' I tell you, Tom, it is no nse,' urged the little man. 'I've seen him before i I know bis voice, and I caught him watching and listening when I spoke. He am* got eyes nor ears for no other man in the hot bat me; we've been here long enough. I don't deny that I like the quarters and the prospeots, bat that man brings danger with him.' The speaker absently moved his hat-leaf over his eyes to assist his thoughts; he put his hands into the square pockets of his livery coat, and flapped the little skirts higher up on his little legs, as an aid to study i then he leaned baok against the trunk of the tree that was dirging above him. 'He'd know me easy enough, not being up to the standard t but I can't think where I see him. Now that I have seen him with observation like, I'd know him anywhere. Front tooth gone, and a hare-lip that he tries to hide with his beard j bat I saw it soon enough. William Evans he oalls him self.' If the speaker had not been so immersed in his own thoughts and had returned his hat to its accustomed position, he could have seen that Captain Wynde't faoe was nearly bloodless, that here was a reddish gleam in his sloping eyes, and that somehow his teeth and his long moustache united to pat a new interpretation on hie faoe. It looked as though the faoe of the member of the old English family had been sur prised into an expression that was not at all strange to it. The servitor's attention had wandered to a doel he observed to be taking place between two ante, and, with a view of adding new and unexpected oomplioations to the oonfliot, wai trying to spit on the oombatante with a more than average display of skill. He felt Captain Wynde'e hand laid heavily on his shoulder, with a grasping motion of the fingers, and ho looked up, arranged his hat, and spoke in a whisper. 'So there is something in it. Come, get that devilish look oat of yoar face as soon as you oan. If you went home with that figure-head you'd soon be asked awkward questions | wear your Sunday face whatever you do. You must bring things to a head, I can see. Who is this, Evans P' The captain spoke in nervous hurry: * His beard is a reddish brown i the hair on his head is dark, nearly blaok, and there is a thiok false nail on one of his thumbs.' The little man took his hands from his pookets and let them hang by his side in sheer surprise. ' That's him whoever he is. I forgot the nail. You know him better than I do.' He paused and changed the tone of his voice into one of remonstrance. ' Whatever yon do put away that faoe—it's devilish bad'looking, and I don't want to think about the time I saw it last.' 'It won't ohange much, Joe, while he's near me, I can tell jou that. Why should it ?' He looked round, and his suppressed voioe became deeper and hotter. ' Here is the fairest chance that was ever presented to us, fairly managed, and, I might say, fairly won—all but won. I only wanted a few months more. We were getting on better of late, and would be all right only for that infernal baronet. They have plenty of money, Joe, and the old lady would give her consent to-morrow. Look here, I'll not throw up the sponge. He seeks me, I don't seek him | I shall play my own game.' 'If I aint to know what that game is I'm off sore as my name is Joe Halley. And, what's more, if you don't put that devil out of yonr face I'll go without asking more questions. Wake up, man; don't stand staring like a fool It's quite clear the little game is np. We must depart quietly and leave an elegant and aristo cratic apology, signed Captain Harold Wynde, Queen's Super Bojal Plungers.' The stillness was all round them. The swift sound of the parroqust's wing, the mellow calls of the bell-bird, were joined with the scattered notes coming np from the distance, and near at hand, adorning the silence without dispelling it. The evening seemed full of all that was beaatiful, holding sounds in the shadows and songs in the ion, with its broad peace and broad beauty. Away from them the glittering rirer and the smoke of distant homesteads, the soli* tary figures of workers, and the whupering tree dumps. The men were silent for a while Halley waiting for a reply, the captain looking across the garden, where was the broad verandah empty, to the setting tun gathering all the pageant of oloudland for his royal departure. 'I cannot.' There was suoh a brokenneai, such a sense of a resisted sob, in the words that tbe little man started. ' You hare advised me too late, Joe. lam in greater danger than you think, but I cannot leave.' Halley now looked upon a face he had not seen before. It was clouded and sad and despairing; it was vengeful and determined. It was pale as at first when the description of the new hand at the hut was given, and the soar, ordinarily white, traversed his forehead like a line of blood. ' It is impossible!' 'Having some interest in this matter,' Joe said slowly, ' I want to know why it is impos sible. I say it is not. You say it is. Let me know the reason.' ' Listen, then. Now that lam so near him, do you think I'll leave this till I've put an end to his hounding ?' • That's not the reason. But who is " he* P" 'The detective who brought me baok from Honolulu.' Joe uttered an expression not in aooordanoe with religious nurturing and looked at his com* panion. 'The devil is in your bad-looking face again; stay here till you get over the fit that's on you. I tell you the swells will not have a faoe like that near them; or go in now, spoil all, and we'll hook it at onoe. I've got horses that will be ready for • start in five minutes after I'm warned. Stay here, or go in—pleas* yourself. You're in a bad way, Captain Harold Wynde.' The gallant captain sat down almost where he was standing, and Joe walked thoughtfully back towards the home station. The expression of the sitting man's faoe showed little change. The sinister determination that was there seemed to be strengthening, and yet he had found an in* fluenoe stronger than his evil. He was for the time powerless before it. At any other period of his life of fraud and wrong doing the pursuit of the man who called himself Bvans would have but added test and energy to his actions. He would have laughed and ridden away m he often did before, carrying with him that alliance of prudence and daring which is so seldom found. Vow there was a ferocious sullenness in his face, and dangerous possibili ties underlying it. He was held in thrall by a girl, not because of the bounty nature had bestowed on form or faoe, but because of attrao* tions that seemed to be a blending of the qualities with whioh she was endowed and with the associations of their short past. With a man like Captain Wynde there was no looking baok. He enquired into the future a little way, and left the morrow therefrom proceeding to take thought for tbe things of itself. What ever the thoughts were which passed him, they brought his faoe back to calmness, and he wai about to rise and show himself again in his oompany faoe, when be sank back before the sound of a leisurely whistled air that had the effect of shrinking him into the smallest possible space below the screen of a withered bough* The man who had laughed silently from bit swag in the red*lighted/oad when he looked at the Barolay homestead paused within six feet of him. ' This here game,' spoke the detective aloud, 'is the highest that Swell Tom has played. If everybody was as cute as Bryce, Bray, and Bray, there would be no call for the likes of me. What did them cute fellows do t Not answer a gossip of a letter to say they did not know no Captain Wynde—not by no means. I'm the answer to the letter, regularly engaged and all { and nobody knows.* The communer looked slowly round. There was not a moving thing in sight, and scarce a sound to be heard. The tree before whioh he stood was a somewhat remarkable one. It was aged andliohened, and bore the writing of many scores of years upon its big trunk. The man pulled pome papers from the hollow of a rotten bough within his reach, perused them carefully, and replaced them, then walked away as briskly and as noiselessly as when he left the bar at Merton. Tbe captain's fsce had an eager look when a short time afterwards he took out the docu ments, carefully marking the order in which they lay before transferring them to his own pocket. Once more he sat down to think and te recover himself. Tbe moon was high, and the sousd of galloping horses and of laughter swept past him on the back track—the laughter and tones of Alice Barclay and her brother. Just for a moment ber fair face and abap?ly figure, aad then died out the sight of her, but remained with him the impression she gave, the picture it made, and its power to stir him. Captain Wynde's perusal of the papers made •vents to pass quiokly. From the time he read the memoranda taken from the bough, the warrant for his arrest, and the letter from Bryoe, Bray, and Bray, he had orosiei the threshold of hope, and stood in darkness. To listen to Alice, to answer her questions, to watch her incomings and her outgoings, was positive pain, and the absence of his strangely changing face from the table caused comment. The badness and the determination of the man, unohecked by a higher feeling, had taken a de finite purpose. That purpose led him to the tree evening after evening. It led him to wander about and furtively watch it from all ■ides. It was nsver from his thoughts. Its grim gnarled arms were always before him i the plaints in its old branches were like expressions of pain, and its slow bowings and solemn still* nesses took fanciful shapes in his dreams. It was always haunting him for evili •s the influence now for ever beyond him had rested above him for good, and gave him to see the happinesses he had passed by for the gloaming that was gathering and the night that was nearly upon him. Evening after evening the still figure of the oaptain stood shaded is a growth of shrub that was beside the tree i he waited there with the resolute patience of a beast of prey. From the time when, with slight rustle, he took his seat, there was neither move* ment nor noise till he cautiously rose and glided back to the station. The object of his waiting wu fulfilled one night when footsteps as light and almost as silent as his own came to the hollow bough, and a man stood with one arm in it, for the purpose of adding to or taking away the papers. The distance from the captain to the figure he saw was not more than two strides. The noise behind the form at the bough was so ■light as to cause it no disturbance and no change of position. There was a dark rapid motion and • sudden sound whioh oould be likened to none other among all the voices of the forest or the plain. Whether in the streets or in the silenoe it had the same meaning and the same response j the same in the lonea of deserts or in the strife o* battls—the meaning of death, the response of pain. The detective was down, convulsively beating the esrth with his feet, the upper part of the figure showing no motion, and the arms outspread. The other figure knelt above it as if in prayer, reading lightly with its hands from time to tine whether the stroke of the bullock-dray staunohion had been sufficient to still the pulses j waiting on its knees to make certain that the blood was chilling, and that the prone body would render search and servioe no more. Matters around the tree were as still now as on aoy other evening of the captain's watch. He heard the same wailings and whisperings in the moving boughs. They shouldered and nodded over the last secret given to their keeping, and mixed their voices together in sighings and lament. The murderer rose to his feet slowly •od seemed to look up into the branohes above him. There was searoe a part of them, cer tainly not a feature of them, that was not photo graphed on his memory. From the day when his determination became fixed and his watch ing began, the trse rode before his thoughts; he had no mind but for the time when murder would be committed at its base, and he the mur derer. He had, in thought and in sleep, struck the same blow many times; he had made cer tain of death, and; risen before in imagination as he had just now risen in reality. The finish of the tragedy was yet to be completed : where the hollow branoh joined the trunk it was de cayed, and the captain saw that a little pressure would bring it down. Where in all proba bility it would fall he had marked with a stone* and this he removed with his foot, while he placed the body with the head upon the spot the stone had marked. A slight effort crashed the bough to the earth asoaloulated. The sound travelled out, pieroed the distance a short way, and died. All was completed. He gathered the papers up, and with the staunchion in his hand crept away after the sound of the fallen branch. The man felt that he crouched as he harried on. He stopped, drew himself upright, and tried to walk ; in a minute the crouch was on him again. There was no sound but his own steps, yet he stopped and looked round, and listened, always orouohing. A gleam of light struok out of the distance j he dropped, kneel ing behind a log, and waited. When it moved away he rose, and ran on stooping and breath less, seeming to stalk some ghostly thing that flitUd on as fast as he. Thus stealing, as if the slight sounds he made gave back his tremor and his fright, as if the air all around him was still> and listening, and witnessing, and reoording every step, he made towards the bridge that crossed the river where he had so often sung— Bright o"er the mountain breaks the d»y too soon. At last he oould hear the gargling of the waters and see the white span that crossed them. He ran from the shade of the trees to it, and found himself struggling in the deep swift stream where it reflected a white rent in the oloads ■bore. The cry for help wu out away by the waters, and the splashinga and strug glinga were carried on patt where Holoombe had teen him so dexterous with boat and oars, gallant with compliment, and pleasant with song. The flow carried him on swiftly, as bear* ing off a priie. His criei had beoome bat gaspi, and they ioon oeased. Littlo Halley, who was waiting with the hones, saw some thing carried down below the bridge. There was a fragment of a voice from it, as it was drawn under and shot out beyond, that told him one of the two horses would hare no rider that night. He mounted swiftly and galloped with a led horse away into the darkness—away out on the plains, and away towards the hills, making for their defiles and byways. Long before the jockey got there the murderer's body was calmly floating, miles away from Barolay station, past sleepy Merton. It struok on snags, twisted and swayed a moment, and hurried on down the stream—turning. Where the strength of the ourrent oeased it lay resting on the bed, and after a long time it rose and travelled farther still. It was drawn out with its emerald ring which, like its meretricious owner, was a deoeption too. And when the history be came known, solved by the warrant for the man's arrest lying at the head of the dead detective, the story lived awhile and was for* gotten. Ohaftbb V. th« pnusnras of two. Ok the afternoon of the day when the detec tive and the visitor to Barclay station met their ate Alice wandered abiently about the garden walks, feeling inwardly the oppression and gloom that were gathering in the sky. If the truth were known, the longed for another ride with Harry to the vineyard and the farm, to hear the Toiee and gather the thought* of the itrong man out there upon the horiion below the •hadowa of the hill. Even her mother, with her pride of ton, showed evidences of weari ness. Live baronets and the fruit of ancestral trees are generally frauds. They are oondi ments to sooiety at proper intervals, but they are too muoh of a tonic for daily use. It was at this rather inauspioioua time that Holcombe, with the intention of accidentally meeting Miis Barclay, also left the verandah, and strolled down among botky dumps, over* hanging greenery and faded flowers. He had watohed his opportunity, and waited till his imperious disposition would brook delay no longer. He walked slowly and with hesitation, for he had feared and hoped for the result so long that he felt as nsrvous as a sohoolboy, notwithstanding his advantages and the dignity of position that were his to bestow. She saw his handtome face approach, his erect bearing, and the distinguished air that was un doubtedly his; and she felt for a moment that of such a husband any woman might feel proud. But there were somehow other echoes among the thoughts that were invading her. There were memories and words and tones far dif ferent from bis that were lingering with her. There were pleasures more real than those of positive enjoyment, more substantial and ster ling than tbose to be purchased by the com bined efforts of title and of wealth. His dark eyes were gracious, but troubled j there was a slight paleness behind the color of his face, and a perceptible quiver on his lips. He started with his purpose, strong to oarif it out and put away the thought of failure. But this required a different kind of bravery from the meeting of danger and risk and the fieroe pleasure it in* spires. Now were hazarded hopes in which daring or position had no place. The decision of the kind proud face he began to fear depended upon little he could offer. Holcombe was quick and keen, and before he had spoken he had left his property and his title behind him. Yet these were the considerations that bad given him exultation in the obsourity of the hut when he looked over at the house with the certainty of triumph in his heart and in the expression of his face and bearing. • Miss Barclay,' spoke the earnest nature of Holoombe,' I have just come from the verandah in the hope of holding a conversation with you in reference to a subjeot I have not jet ven tured to allude to. That subjeot is my self. You may remember that two years ago the new stockman, Jack Shea, broke in the pretty white Arab, Caliph. That was the first time I had the pleasure of seeing you. From then till within a few months agol fought des pairingly against the feeling with which you bad unoonsoiously inspired me with all the strength and determination I possessed. I recogoiied the difference separating us, but I lost in the daily struggle. I was the stockman, you the lady. When the intelligence came that changes at home bad made me the head of the Hoi combee of Burrej, the news gladdened me only because I feJt I was at last in a position to speak to 70a m an equal. There will be neither height nor hope for me in the world, I think, if 70a refute to ihure with me the feeling that has filled my heart daring the two yean that art part. It it perhaps stereotyped to aay that 70a are more to me than all the world betide; hot, indeed, thia ia trne in my case. I hare aiked the permisaion of your father and mother to apeak to you aa I now apeak. In the livea of all men there ia a turning that leada them to happinesa or poai* tion or wealth. All I seek ia your happineaa and mine. With youra in my keeping, there could not be a brighter world; without it, I ahould go into it beggared of hope.' She raiaed her burning face to anawer, but he want on— 1 Wait, Alioe, till you hear all I hate to aay. I hare never yet known what it waa to be loved or to lore. Till I aaw you I thought no moh thing oould enter into my world. There aeemed to me to await me only a dull blank aa life went on, with nothing of that purer and higher feeling that refinea and ennoblea men and women. I with I had language to deeoribe to you how the obaoure atookman tried to ride from hie tbougbta of you, thinking of only you in the hurry or the dangera of the ohaae, trying to find forgetfulneaa in reckleaa riik, with thoughta of you never away, with that faoe never from me. Believe me, I have auffered much, and when the advantagea which the world thinka ao muoh of came to me they were welcome only that I might aapire to your sharing them. I felt then aa I feel now, aa I ever ahaU feel, that a bark hut or a palace would be lonely without you. You do not know how 70a have grown with my life, how you are woven with every thought and with every hope in it. I aik you to give me peace and gladness, and the greateat happineaa the world can offer. For thia, the aervioe of my life end the whole de votion of my heart.' Hia handaome glowing face end burning eyea corroborated every word. The earnestness shook hia voioe aa it shook him, and Shea the fearless stood trembling and waiting for what hie words might bring. Alice Barclay waa deeply moved, aa plainly enough ahown by her attitude, that waa eloquent with sorrow. Pale* neaa sueoeeded the red blush in her face 1 the tremor about her mouth and the pain in her eyes were distinctly evidences of more than a common atruggle or ordinary suffering. 'Sir John Holoombe, you have paid me the highest compliment that man can pay to woman. You have offered me a position that fairer and nobler women in any part of the world would gladly accept, but the station ia beyond me. I could not—l dare not—enter upon the aphere that ia youra. I could not explain to you— hardly to myaelf—what are the feeliuga which cause me to refuse. There are promptings, not to be understood, that point to another direo* tion and another life where my happiness is to be found. I believe what I am saying will give you pain, for I know you are and have been as truthful and honorable aa though you had always worn the title and filled the position that ia youra now. I know you will credit me when I tell you that I feel aa muoh pain in giving thia my anawer as you will feel in listening to it. I know of no one of whom it can be ao truly said " the world ia at your fret." All it can offer ia within your grasp 1 choose one in your own position who is fitted to adorn it* You have been gracious and kind to me always, and I shall pray for and rejoice at your happiness.' He waited breathless and still till she had spoken the last word. He had scarcely realised the poasibility of refusal, and stood wondering and doubting if he had heard aright. He struggled to speak for a moment, and the words of bis question were hollow and indistinct. ' Alice, Alioe, have you refused me ?' There was a dreariness in the tones—a mean* ing of loss and of hopelessneaa, as if all the barrenness of life was before him, and he was afraid. The olouds were coming up, and gloom seemed tailing everywhere, darkened by the trees and the aoreena of leaves, and it waa upon the two earneat faces that bad met and were to part. Miss Barclay started at the expresaion of the question, and ahe hid her trembling hands to bide her pain. ' Oh, Sir John, you do not know how you pain me and the trial it gives me to refuse you a hope I never assisted in creating. Can you not ace that we are unsuited; doea not your heart tell you that we cannot wed ? My happi* ness can never be found in the direction of your life; yours ia far distant from the direction of mine.' He impetuously caught her hands in hia and knelt before her in the twilight 1 ahe could not but ace the beseeching that waa in hia eyea, and the fear for her losa. ' Will you Uke everything from me? What oare I for the world or title ot fortune without you, who only can make the complement and crown of my life ? Will you withdraw the sun* ■bine that wu breaking, and the sounds of re« joioing that were coming P Would you leare me bat the barren way to travel down through the empty yeari P If you will not have lore for me have mercy; loTe will come created by my devotion, and with lore there is always happi* neti.' ♦ There can be no happiness without love, and I cannot giro you love; do not pain me further. You hare pained me much.' He let her hands fall from hit, and stood np contemplating her withont further speech. The dimneie did not show hu suffering. It dropped iti uncertain ourtsin between them. Mia* Bar* day turned and walked unsteadily homewards. He watched hor silently till the sounds of her footsteps ceased and the outline of her figure was lost. He walked the garden wider a sense of bewilderment until there was no day any where upon the sky. The old fight had to be fought again, with its intenser struggle and hopelessness. He had been mocked of fortune. The only prise pointed to was beyond him, and he was more alone and less oapable of sustaining the conflict now than during the busy and dan* gerons life he had left. It appeared to him as if time oould not soften and drape the sharpness of his disappointment with its folds, but he did not think that, like any other ruin, the fallen hop* would be softly mossed and shadowed by the olouds and distanoe that were in the life before him. That night Sir John Shea Hoi* combe had a brief friendly interview with Mr. Barclay before he galloped back to Merton. Onoe he pulled up suddenly, thinking he heard a cry for help from the river that ran parallel with the road, but he only recognised splashing in the stream, and the sounds of its travelling to the sea. A horseman with a led horse galloped up to him and past him, hurrying into the darkness of the night t and when the storm began and the thunder shivered the brooding, a flash showed him the group dwindled into a moving speck at the end of the long straight road. It appeared at Barclay homestead as though the evening of nigh a year ago had returned to it. There were the same vividness and nearness of peal and flash, the illuminating of the room, and mockery of lamp and candle j the same patches of landscape sprung up before them, and dropped back into blackness. Below yonder was the lighted way where the wag* gonette had come, and up which they had borne their fear and terrible suspense behind the still figure. The family were all pre sent, thankful for the shielding mercies of thai night past, remembering the services of him who had saved them from sorrow. Mrs* Barclay was indignant at herself for doubting if the life of close patrician intercourse she had enjoyed, the seleotness of scions of English families, the parties she had given and attended, had made her life happier or advanoed her to be the oentre of the shining and favored oirole of the district. She asked where Captain Wjnde was. Harry shrugged his shoulders, and the thunder demanded silence > the memory of the former storm was strong upon the ladies All all once to Mrs. Barolsy there came back the soene that had been stamped upon her brain i—Alice crouched huddled and sobbing on the sofa. She was orouohsd there now her* self, occupying the seat she then occupied. The strong figure of Hall where her husband sat j the thought of their helplessness and grief. Had the fear that had then quailed through her come true, and her son lay drowned at the crossing beyond or broken unto death P The revealed garden and the rough road oauied her now an involuntsry prayer of thankfulneis, and showed, as plainly as the light* ning revealed the trees and the garden growths, overpoweringly the littleness of her life, the narrowness of her ambition—the world that was around her, the neglected happineas that was beside her and near her hands to reach. Long* suffering and love bad followed her, and the future world wu softly approaching with its mysteries and demands for the stewardship of the blessings the year had giren. What thankfulness had she shown P Where the poorness of heart that is blessed, the humility of spirit that is promised reward ? Seleotness of position, and all the rest of the fribbling things she had spent her life in aiming at, seemed so wretched and so worthless before what appeared to her to be the repeated storm, the returned picture, and the emotions through which it was printed upon her memory. What duties demanded of her position could she look back to as performed, and where the actions that solaced and lightened retrospect? At such times the human heart is true to itself. Could she have dismissed the past months from her memory and her life, how gladly she would have done so. How much greater would her shame and contrition have been had she known the character of the impostor and murderer she called Captain Wynde, whose body was then floating towards the sea. There had been many visits paid to Boolon's farm since the afternoon when first the melody of Mub Barclay*! voice and the grace of her presence left their remembrances. The history of the years that had paved so smoothly when the anxiety for suooess was over and the reward of plenty spread was entering upon a new chapter with Scolon. He bad felt the fascina tion and the danger of Mias Barolay once, and he had resolutely turned and put it from him and had gone back simply and happily to the harmony of bis quiet days and the charm which they held, when every blessed morning they swept down upon him over the hill.tops and unrolled their light upon the plain to the .welcoming! of songs and risen life. He realised the blastings that were around him. Every new day gave speeoh of them, every night held them gathered. His labor was pleasure. His life had the calm peaceful flow of strong contented manhood. But the trouble that threatened him once overtook him again, and found him unarmored. When Alice Barolay oame she filled the cottage with light and joy | when she left it seemed to have the silence of desertion. Soolon had gone out for a day's climb upon the hills, and he had wrestled and spoken with himself in the solitudes* He had laughed in soorn at the hopes he feared were growing. Ho pictured the disdain of the mother, and the contempt with which the proud Alice would hear him. There would be sorrow and pain on Harry's handsome faoe | so would there be grave and dignified rebuke and refusal in his father's words. It could never be* He who had fought so many fights—he, strong of purpose, to be thus humbled and unmanned to be driven back with derision 1 Whtre could his self-respect be that permitted snob a thought or such a possibility? Oould he make her happy under those brown rafters P oould he surround her with the surroundings of her home? Oould he show her and guide her to the happiness that each day bestowed upon him* self, gathered from ehadow and shine ? It was impossible. He spoke aloud among the rooks. He replied to hia thoughts with contemptuous words, and he found hia home again sorrowful, but victorious. He had determined upon the manly and simple course of telling his danger to Alioe Barolay herself. The withdrawal of her visits, now looked forward to with suoh plea* sure, would make a sad blank for a time f but the trial had oome, and it must be bravely met. The story of the deteotive, and of the impos ture and fate of the man they knew as Cap tain Wynde, had been known and discussed. Harry and Mi* Barolay had ridden over to tell the terrible tidings and relate how the shock seemed to have changed their mother, but Soolon had not spoken. How oould he but delay sending the bright faces from his thresh old ? No more the merry voices, the laughter, the songs, and the wondrous thoughts that oame with them upon the short gloaming. How could he but delay in dispelling all these things P The opportunity of speaking oame at last one afternoon when Soolon found himself alone with Alioe among the vines. He knew what his duty was, and, onoe performed, it would be the last he should see of the beautiful face. He sat silent for awhile, with a feeling of suoh sorrow that it seemed like inward weeping, and he said: • We are told, and I believe it to be true, that there are many dramas and tragedies of life that are never known. There are those who suffer years of wrong or give years of self-denial in silence. There are those who toil for others with the bravery and trust of heroes, only to be lost in the struggle. I think the hardest duty of any is that in which a man or woman is called upon to put aside the greatest happiness of life and travel away upon the pilgrimage without it, with the memories of it and their regrets always speaking of the sacrifice.' Alice looked anxiously at the faoe of the speaker while he spoke, and asked— •But why put the happiness away? It is God's gift, and why refuse it ?' • The happiness I allude to is indeed God's gift, but when its bestowal is dependent upon earthly reasons and influences duty may make refusal imperative.' ' Well, supposing this happiness were left ?' • Let me put my meaning plainer, Miss Bar* clay, by presuming I allude to myself. If I were to leave this happiness, it would be leaving what has opened to me a prospect tuoh as I have never known before. I cannot but say that I have been favored more than most. Na« tore seems to have revealed to me sources of joy that are denied to many. There is to me a lan guage in it tha f. is plain and beautiful. It is a constuut hymn that never ceases. See how it it singing now—by the shadows there coming down towards us—by the ponderous turreted peaks the clouds are showing and by yon sea of gold that lares the yellow islands above the sue. These are the pleasures of toil, and the pride and companionjhip of product. Look at the grapes grown by my hands, at the green fields beyond which I have so often helped to sow and reap and oare for j and when they give me of their abundanoe U it not * ioaroe of pride and joy P I loto the earth I till, and all the beautiful things she yield* me in retnrn.' He pawed, looking at the fluahed faoe of hia companion. And hia, that a moment ago waa lighted with the recital of anoh things at it had drawn happineufrom, seemsd to fall and gather ■adneM. ' It was my early education and my mother*■ temperament that aasiited me to these pleasures. My mother also taught me to be strong and brave like herself. It is in following that team ing I am here now sitting betide yon, and abont to tell you of the great happiness that I dare not hope for or farther contemplate. You will remember the last Christmas Day we ipent below the shades of trees beside the water. You had won me then, but I fought against the feeling successfully. I found strength to return to my pleasures, and they became my happiness once more. Sut of late I am as wesk before your pretence as a child } from the time when the songs in the twilight began I hare counted every hour till you came again, and grudged time the minutes while you stayed. Up among yon rocki I hare laughed at my presumption; I hare pic tured the disdain expressed in your faoe when I told you that I loved you j the contempt of your mother, the rebuke in the voioe of your good father.' Alice's face had grown pale, ani there was a tremulous fear in her startled eyes. He looked away, and continued— 'And I oame down from the hills determined to tell you that if jou continued your visits my lore for you would become so strong that I dare not contemplate it. Better the battle against the loneliness of the room where you have sat and sung, never to be more awakened by your voioe, than the despairing struggle against a love that would usurp my whole being and my whole future. It will be bleak and lonely here for many a month, Miss Barolay. It wffi be a fiery trial to know that I nay not see you or hear your voioe any more.' He put one hand upon hia faoe, while the other hung purposeless by hit aide. Into that purposeless hand he felt another stealing, and he looked and saw such truat and happiness on AHoe's faoe as he had not seen there before. Then his strong arms were round her and his lips touched her peerless free. Oairrn VI. 11l OHBBTXAI MOMHI. Said Mm. Barclay to her husband, wearing bluebet and tenderaeee in her eyee, * Oar Alice hat made her choioe of a husband | the baa re futed the baronet and escaped the impostor. I think we ihoold be thankful.' 4We hare maoh to be thankful for, Ellen,' Mr. Barclay answered; 'on whom haa her choice fallen ? I know of one,' he sighed, • who haa the nobility I admire, but he ia far remofed from the people we call frienda, and yet I feel more truly a friend of hie, more honored by hit presence than by all the popinjaya who, aa you delight to expreaa it, more in oar sphere. I hare listened to him and watched and envied him for many an hoar» bat how ooald she stoop from the select frivolity and empty pretentious* neaa of the dandy persons with which you hare surrounded her? How easily I could point out to her her happiest path, and how certainly my advice would be met with oontempt. I am sick of the apeinga at optimaoy by virtue of connections, and of seeing lives wasted in clinging to positions that are aa empty aa the aspirants. I do believe Shea waa the best of the lot. Who, then, is the irre* aistible spark upon whom our Alice haa de termined on beetowing herself P' Mr. Barolay looked at hia wife for an answer with some surprise. She had not replied. He had touched her dearest prejudices, but she had not attempted one of her sharp retorts. She waa standing sabmiieively beside him waiting to apeak. • We have lived very happily together, Henry; happier than if you had belonged to one of the fashionable people. What you say ia right j your earnestness, gentleness, and kindness through so many years will prove that. I know I have left much undone, and many dutiee un performed that might have oomforted me now.' There were teare in her eyes. Aa in the old timee far away, he put hie arm round her and looked down into eyee that were yet full of depth. ' Come, wife,' he enquired, careasingly; ' what is the name of this apark—l mean this young gentleman who haa captivated Alice ?' 1 One whom you have unthinkingly described.' Mr. Barolaj's brow* gathered. 'I suppose 10—whatelie was to be expected P But we cannot oppose the course in which Alice sees her happiness clearest. Who is he ?' Mrs. Barclay watched hi* face closely aa she laid, 'Mr. Ed ward Graham Scolon.' 1 What!' taking his wife hastily by the ami, and holding her from him. • Edward Soolon P* Bhe taw in bU face & tenie of relief and of joy the like of which rutted it bat seldom. She remembered when ihe flrit law the look there, and the picture came np:—They were below the wattle* on a spring morning when the told him the would go with him to hit home, and from that home all through life where* ever the path might lead. It wm in the fragranoe of thirty years ago that he fint held her out, as he did now in his glad* ness, and kissed her; and then the memory came of the sense that stirred her heart suoh long time sinoe, with the waft of the perfume that was round them then. 'Edward Soolon; the man of all others I could hare hoped to see Alioe's husband; he, the earnest man—the nobleman, so far abore the rest. lam proud of Alioe.and, wife, lam proud of you.' Of course society within the range and region of Morton felt humiliated at the fall from oaite —a fall deliberate and approved of by parents who li?ed in the money purple, and who had traditions of captains in the family, and rarious aristocrats of that sort—of handsome Alice Barclay, the representative of pride and purse and party, until it became known somehow that he was related to the Grahams of Graham, and that there were Tery old silver goblets in his possession bear* ing the family orest. This seoret was re* realed by Mr. Soonlon's old housekeeper one day OTer a wineglass of native Burgundy ; and it travelled as fast and as far as if the old lady had used a broomstick, and visited with consolation those who mourned the fall as a reflected disgrace upon their august selves. But there was a severer blow in store—one that was never to be forgiven, beoause of the bitterness of the disappointment it carried to many a fair and hoping girl, and an equally numerous number of refined and wrinkled mothers. The latter shivered with indignation to the ends of their imported ringlets when they knew that Harry Barclay—the joyful, brave, and obival* roue, with his face, that had crept into the dreams of of all their daughters—looked away from them. They privately oried with vexa tion, and publioly laughed soornfully, and had rather forgotten the sillj youth of late—that thoroughbred young fellow so fitted to embel lish and ornament their circle. Graceful, gsllant, sought after I Good Heavens! The hoiking fellows who had fought so long and so bitterly on the Ohristmas past learnt early that the struggle, like all suoh similar in* dalgences in prowess, would be barren of results. Holoombe heard the real reason of the fight, and in his imperious manner galloped over to the settlement on the fringe of the plain on behalf of Hall. Before Norah's violet eyes and her father's gentlemanly bearing he told the story with embarrassment; but his courage failed him to name the purpose that had brought him—the cause of Hall. He represented his object to be his anxiety that the details of the unfortunate % /Vaca# should not be bruited about. Mr. Boyle came to himself out of the training of his past life, as Shea had divested himself of his late experience, and two courtly gentle men spoke in the farmer's house. ♦ft is impossible, sir,'said Boyle, in reply, ' to forbid honest working men my house. They come to talk of plougbings and farm work, and the prospect of crops, and if, as I judge from you, my daughter was the oanse of their wild quarrel, no one will be more anxious to learn that the matter is hushed up and forgotten than mjself. Norah's name made a subject for public and vulgar gosaip would pain me beyond measure. In the troublous Irish times of a few years past I took part in the national agitatien, and I find myself in the position you see, com* pelled to give up a life of comparative affluence for one of labor, and to begin the building of a new home in a new land. Our position is a humble one, but it is none the less honorable. Norah was not aware of the feelings entertained by these men towards each other or towards her.' And when Bond and Hall learnt the true state of matters they betook themselves with their strength and their industry to places where rioh lands lay waiting on the plough and th-j seedtime to blossom with human homes. It was to steal away to Norah and wonder at her eyes and her voioe, that had grown to be so sweet to him, that Alice was left alone to admire the beauties of Mr. Soolon's vineyard beside the rugged hills and above the spreading plains. From her he first learned the traditions of Ire land, and the stories of its ancient literature and greatness. She could sing to him in the bubbling gutturals of her native Gaelic or in the melodies of the soft Italian. And while two sang and talked in the vineyard two sang and talksd beyond ingathering the same experiences and hopes, and weaving the same web, while looking joyfully out upon the future. A would bo interesting to detail North's introduction to Barclay station, and the victory the achieved there; to toll the wonderful rain of mnrio he fingers oaUed from the piano, and to deioribe the charm of her that waa more wonderful atill to tell how Mr. Boyle's intimacy with men whose names were famous won the respeot of Mrs. Barclay, who retained much of the old leaven, but who oame to see that height of purpose and exalted aims in the great work of beneTolenee and goodwill formed the true patent of nobility. To her another vista had opened, showing prospeots that brightened aa they stretched towards the golden shore. Alice sat betide Soolon by the ri?er, where she had sat with him a year ago. Where Cap tain Wynde flourished the paddles, and sparkled his ring, and told of sabre* thrusts, there sat Harry with Norah while she sang. Holoombe had taken Gipsy away with him to the old hall in Surrey, where the snow was lying thick, and the smoke came ahivering out en the bitter air i where was poverty and pride ; where distress and tribulation flitted ghostlike in rags, and wealth bejewelled passed on the other side. The day at Barolay was wide aad bright and lofty. It seemed as full of musio as of sun. There was a hum of gladness in every sound that rose, from the solemn hills to the plaoid sea. la the gleaming hurryings of brilliant wings there was gladness. The waters aa they rolled by below the boughs and past the shadows, and oame out upon the plain • shining band, chanted their oeaseleu anthem | benisons seemed spread abroad on earth and air and sky j and the whole patterned web that lay unrolled on every side, and woTen of hearen, showed peace on earth, and again repeated the angels' proclamation of goodwill. That was the announcement of a new life, and companioned to taste its blessings and its joys together were the sitters by the river's bank and the singers in the boat. The happiness of which hearts are capable at suoh times forma* memories that never fade; they shine over tht past, and they soften the hardships of many • pilgrimage. That day, with its glories and its hopes, was being framed by tht shades and tht tender blooms, by the soent of flowers oradled on the air, and by tht wholt song of praise that was rising to the sky from every living thing and every leaf and flower. Tht pieturt would remain to be carried with them Mid oherishtd past the marshalled years. 