I CLUB GOSSIP. I (FBOB ODE OWN OOESXSPONDKNX.) - - January ft There is nothing in the world at present B to excite astonishment. B A friend has told me a good story. There B was a large sweep at Andre's on tbe last B Melbonrne Cop, and when, it oame Ao be | drawn the holder of the" winning number-was B not known. The seoond . winner was a B gentleman in Lannceston ; and my friend B thought bis name mast be in", the diet,' and B iouod that he bad a winner in Wailook.-and- B so was entitled to £90, for.wlueh he at onoe leceiven a cneqne. I A new panorama is about -to be . brought I out at WilUametown by Mr. Rayner, whose I suctoaa with tirat class qf entertaipmepu'isso I very great. » I D'Arcy Bead's ghost - paotendme'-ait the": Atfaecaum Hall has been the attraction of I the week. He leaves for Ballarat, Geelong, I Ssndburst, and afterwards for New ZeslatiiL- I Tbe eigbt- boore a-day men have had a pic- I cession of great lengfh in defeoqe «f their, I rights, and ihe poor esilvra of the' porkhace. I been psradingthe streeu to obiain sympathy I with carrying a banner — "Onr rights aba I mote wages," I bate jnet been introduoad' to a press 1 cariosity of the first Mass— a deaf aod Amnh I member of tee press, who is retained on the MouotjlexaMier Mail, and in everything bat nir infirmity, he is a pafect geottanao. The Herald ' ia now working with the greatest activity, publishing three or four editions every afternoon, and tbev are sold in B the street most freely. B A curiosity hat been walking the streets B ?,ior 0,ne time. To-day he ia totally, B blind, bnt to-morrow he has bis night as well B u the best of us, and next time be is aeon dnmb"lWil,K 0 Pryer for the deaf ami, bs pantomimes have been si most impor- tot attraction for the week. fChe best waa- ?! the Academy of Mump, where it was gven under the title of ' AUrad tbe Great'' St tee Royal, "Jack the Gi»ot-kitier". "7 do means BO)good? A company of (fody Christy mlnetrels hu I rSl0 P8r'?fog with great ancdees to Sti; tJvoige's 0a'l ; andin an off- room cf that hall "ther hu been showing bmself as only, half ' 7,. wi"> ,bodyond abnst, but nolegi. tte manages tbe delusion is. not apps- tot to the spectator, however mnaii fae-may „Ko"e tlle Kelly gang are yet in castoffy tbongh there have been nnmerons reports to the contrary. The w ild wold of the oolony is therefore kept for the present in a: most. nni!«PPy.«tate. , i --- teaTasmaiua, at prteeA, there ia a .great deal of -fun -going dVtS- the volnntcer faiue, ' The red-coated men. are known aa lobsters. One of themwas foWffed by a stander-by, who was seired ana at onoe tiiown what was bhoxilawjof s lobster. 1 J This is the time for wild game of all kindsf- The atreete are throogingrith dealers, who offer geese,, dnck, tea, and snipe in any quantity. , It is a lesafmg time in home olr cles over tlifo -plenty. L Yon will remember the osse of Mr. Byron. Mqore, and how he turned the tables Ujfott1 his accusers. The papers this week are egalu -foil of. the subject, fold all in Mr. Moore's la-- vonr; He is a peyfeot gentleman, and. de- "urvea til the popular sympathy he reoeives. The heat at present in Melbonrne is pretty well intolerable. ' All edits of expedients are resorted toby "thp people to proteot them- selves against it, sun hats, ennooats, and (son umbrellas, bnt the great resort ia the bar' of the -Albion and the Clarence, where the hBat draws out a great desire for sympathy in I liquid form. 