THE CLOVEN FOOT Br ths Author ot Lady Audlbt's Secret, &o.;, &.O. Chapter IV. (continued). — La Chicot. When the Obioots had been man and wife for about four years — a long apprenticeship of bliss or woe — the lady's power of attract, lug an audience to tho little theatre in the students' quarter began visibly to wane. The parterre grew thin, the atudonts yawned or talked to eaoh othor in loud whispers while the dancer waa oxeaatinebcr most bril liant steps. Even her beauty had ceased to charm. The habitues of the theatre know that beauty by heart. "C'est cliche oommo une tartine do journal," said one, " C'est connu commo lo dome des Invalides," said another ; "ga fatigue ; on oommenoo de jQ desiUusioner cur la Chicot." La Chicot eaw the decline of her etar, and that lively tomper of hers, which had been growing more and mora impulsive during tho last four years, took reverse of fortune in no good Bpirit. Sho need to come home from the theatre in a diabolical humor, after hav ing danced to empty benches and a languid audience, and Jaok Ohioot had to puy tlio coat. She would quarrel with him about a atraw, a nothing; on these occasions. Sho abased the students who stayed away from the theatre in roundostand strongest phrase ology..- Sho was still moro angry with those who came and did not applaud. Sho up-i braided Jack for his helplossneBS. Was there over such a husband ? Ho could not advauoo her Interests in tbe Bmsllest degree. Had she matried anyone else — one of those little gentlemen who wrote for tho papers, for in. stance, sho would have been engaged at one of tho Boulevard theatres beforo low. Sho would bo tho rage among the best people in Paris. Sho would be oarning thousands. But her husband bad no influence with managers or newspapers, not onough to get a puff paragraph inserted in the loweob of tho little journals. It was desolating. This upbraiding was not without its offoct upon Jaok Chicot. He was a good-tempered fellow by naturo, prone to take life easily. In all their quarrels it was his wife who took tho leading part. When tho cups and saucers and empty bottles went flying she was tho Jove who hurled those thunderbolts. Jack waa too brave to strike a woman, too prond to lower himself to the level of his " wife's degradation. Ho suffered and was silent. Ho had found out his mistake long ngo. Tho delusion had been brief — the repentance waa loog. He know that he had bound himself to a low born, low brod fury. He knew that his only chance of escaping tmiciilo was to shut his eyes to his surroundings, nnd to take what pleasure ho could out of a dioreputsolo exist ence. His wife's roproachos stung him into activity. He wrote lialf-a. dozen letters to old friends in Londou — men moro or less con- nooted with tho press or tho thontres — ask ing them to get hie wife an ongngemont. He took caro to encloso onttings from tho Parisian jonrnals in which his wife's boauty nnd chic, lior talent and originality wore lauded. The result of this troublo on his part was a visit from Mr. Smolendo, the cntorprieing proprietor of tho Prince Frederick Music Ilall, who had conic to Paris in search of novelty, and tho cugngomont of Mademoiselle Chicot for that plaoo of enter tainment. Mr. Sraolendo had boon going in strongly for ballet of late. His scenery, his machinery, his lime light and dressoB wero amongst the best to ho seen in London. Everybody went to the Prinoc Frederick. There was a flavor of Bohoniianisin obout tho house, but it only gave a zest to the enter tainment. All tho most notorious Parisian Buoccsses iu the way of spectacular drama, nil the fairy extravaganzas and demon ballots ngjl oomie operettas were reproduced by Mr, Srfi'oiendo at the Prince Frederick. Ho knew where to find tho prettiest notrusseq, the beet dancers, the freshest voices. His chorus and his ballet wore tbo moat perfect in London. In a word, Mr. Smolendo had discovered the secret of dramatio success. He had found out that perfection alwavs pays. La Chicot's beauty was startling and in- oonteBtnble. There could not lie two opinions about that. Her dancing, was eccentrio and clever. Mr. Smolendo had seen better danoing from moro carefully trained dancorB, but what La Chicot wanted in training sho made up for with dash and audaoity. "She won't last many seasons," Mr. Smolendo said to himself, "but she'll tsko the town by storm, and she'll draw bettor for tbe first three seasons than any star I'va had since I began management." La Chicot was delighted at being engagod by to London manager, who offered her a bettor aDlary than she was getting at the students' theatre. Bho did not like the idea of London, which she imagined a oity given _ over to fog and lung disease, but sho was very glad to leave tho scene where nbo felt that her laurels wero fast withering. She gave lier husband uo thnnkB for his interven tion, and went <A railing at him for not -having got her an engagement at the Boule vard. "It is to bury myself to go to your dismal Loudon," she exclaimed, "but anything is better than to dance to an assembly of idiots and cretins. " "London is not half a bad place," answered Jack Chicot, with hiB listless air, as of a man long wearied of life, nnd needing a stimulant as strong as nqtia fortis to rotiso him to animation. "It is a big orowd in which one may lose onc'a identity. Nobody knows one, one knows nobody. A man's sense of shame geta comfortably deadened in London. Ho can walk tbo streets without feeling that fiugera are being pointed at him. It is all the same to tho herd whether he has juBt oome out of a penitentlnry or a palaoe. Nobody cares." Tho Chicota crossed the channel, and took lodgings in a street in the neighborhood of Leicester-square, near whioh, as overy one knows, tho Prinoo Fredorick Musio Hall is situated. It was a dingy etreot, offering scanty attractions to the stranger, but it was a street whioh, from the days of Garriok and Woffington, had been favored' by actors nnd aotresBes, and Mr. Smolendo recommended the Chicota to seek a lodging there. Ho gave them the name of three or four house holders who let lodgings to "tho profession," nnd among theso Madame Chicot made her choice. The apartments whioh pleased her best were two fair-sied rooms on a first floor, furnished with a tawdry pretentiousness which would hare been odious to a refined eye, and which was particularly offensivo to Jack's ertistio taste. Tho cheap velvet on the ohairs, the gnudy tapestry curtains, tho tarnished ormolu elock and candelabra de lighted la Chicot. It was almost Parisian, she told her husband. The drawingroom and bedroom coinmani- cated with folding doors. There was a little third room — a mere hole — with a windv.w looking northward, whioh would do for Jack to paint in. That convenience rooouoiiod Jaok to the shabby finery of tbe sittingronm, the doubtful purity of the bedroom, the ntter dingineas of the street. " How Jt is ugly, your London 1" ex- olaimod La Chicot. " Is it thut all the oity resembles this, by bxample ?" I " No," answered Jaok, with his cynical ,air. " Thorc are brighter looking streets where the respectable people live." " What do you call the respectable poople 7" , " The peoplo who pay income tax on two or threo thousand a year." Jaqk inquired as to the other lodgers. It waa as well to find out what kind of neigh bors they wero to havo. ''I am not particular," Baid Jack, iu French, to his Wife, "but I should not liko f Pabllshed by spodal arrangement with tbe author. ' AU rights reserved, to find myself . living oheek by jowl 'with n burglar." Or a spy," suggested Zaire. ; " Wo havo no spies in Loudon, That is a profession which has never found a footing on this side of the channel." The landlady was a lean-looking widow, with a false front of gingery onrls, and a cap that quivered nil over with artifioial flowers on corkscrew .wires. Hor long nose was tinted at tbe extremity, and her eyes h«d a luminous yet glassy look, snggestivo of ardent spirits. " I havo only one lady in the parlors," sho explained, " and a very oloNrer lady she is too, and quito ihe lady—Mrs. Bawbar, who always plays loading business at the ShakBpoare. You must havo heard of her. She's a great woman." Mr. Chioot apologised for. his ignorance, He had been living so long in Paris that ho knew nothing of Mra. Rawbcr. "Ah," sighed the landlady, "you don't know how much you've lost. Her Lady Mncboth is as fine aa Mra. Siddons's." " Did you over see Mrs. Siddons 7" "No, but I've heard my mother talk about hor. "Sho couldn't havo been greater in the part than Mrs. Rawbcr. You should go and sec her some night. SJie'd make your flesh oreop." "And a rcBpoctablo old party, I suppose, suggested Jack Chicot. " Aa regular as clockwork. ' Church every Sunday morning and evening. No hot sap pers. Crust of broad and cheese and glass of ale loft ready on lier table against sho oonioc home — lets herself in with hor key — no sitting up for her. Chop nnd imperial pint of Guinness at two o'clock, when there aint no rehoarsal, something plain and oimplo that can ho kopt hot on tho oven top, when tho rehearsal's lato. She's a model lodgor. No perquisites, but pay as regular aa the Saturday comes round, and nlwaya tho lady." "Ah," said Jack, "that's satisfactory. How about upstairs? I suppose you've another pattern of common- plaoo respect ability on your second floor 7" Tho landlady gavo a faiut cough, as if sho were troubled with a sudden cotobing of the breath, aud hor eyes , wnndorod absently to tho window, whore she seomed to ask counsel from tho grey Ootober eky. "Who are yonr upstairs lodgers 7" askod Jaok Chicot, repeating his iuquiry with a shndo of impatience. "Lodgers? No, sir. There's only ono gentleman on my second floor. I have novor laid myself out for families. Children aro so miochiovous, and always tramping up and down stairs, or endangoring th_eir lives lean ing out of windows, or leaving the street door open. And the damago they do tho furniture." Weil, nobody can understand thnt except them that havo passed through the ordeal. No, sir, for tho last six voarB I haven't had a ohild across my threshold." "I woBn't inquiring about ohildren," said Mr. Chicot. "I was asking about youc. up stairs lodger." "Bo's a singlo goutloman, air." "Young ?" "No, air; middle- aged." "An aotor?" "No, sir. Ho haa nothing to do with tho theatres." "What is bo 7" " Well, sir, he is a gentloaian — everyone can boo that— but a gentleman aa has run through his property. I should gathor from liia ways that lie must have had a great deal of property, and that he's run through most of it. Ho is not quito so regular in hia pay ments aa I could wish — but lio docs pay — nnd lie's very little trouble, for he's often away for a wock at a time, tho rent run ning on all the same, of course." " That would hardly matter to hlmif he dooan't pay it," said Chioot. - ' ' Oh, but lio does pay, sir. He's dilatory, bat I get my money. A poor widow like ma couldn't afford to lose by the best of lodgers." iff' What ia the gentleman's name?" "Mr. Doarolles." " That sounds like a foreign name." " It may, sir, but the gentleman's English. I haven't in a general waylaid myBelf out for foreigners," said the landlady, with a glance nt La Chicot, "though this is rather a foreign neighborhood." The lodgings were takon, and Jaok Chicot and his wife bogan a now phase of existence in London. Tho wife laokod much that had made their life in Paris tolerable — tbe eare- less gaiety, tho brighter skies, the Bohemian pleasures of the French city — and Jaok Chicot felt as if a dense curtain had been druwn across his youth and all its delusions, leaving him outsido in a cold commonplace world, a worn-out, disappointed man, old before his time. He missed tho gay happy-go-luoky com rades, who had helped him to forget hi3 troubles. Ho missed tbe drives in the leafy wood, the excursions to suburban dining houses, the riotous suppers after midnight, all tho merry dissipations of hisPnriBianlife. Lon don pleasures were duff and heavy. London Buppers meant no more than eating and drinking, too many oysters and too much wine. Mr. Smolendo's expectations were fully realised. La Chicot made n hit at the Prince Frederick. Thoso flaming posters under overy railway arch and on every hoarding iu London wero not in vain. The musio hall was crowded nightly, nnd La Chicot was applauded to the coho. She breathed anew tho intoxicating breath of success, and she grew daily more insolent and more reckless, spent more money, drank more champagne, and was moro eager for pleasure, flattery and fine dress. Tho hus band looked on with a gloomy face. They were no longer tho adoriugyoung couple who had walked away arm-in-arm from Uve Mairie, smiling nnd happy, to share their wedding dinner with the ohosen compar/iou3 of the moment. Tho wife was now/ only affectionate by fits and starts, the h/isband had a settled air of despondency, .which nothing but wine could banish, nv.d whioh, like tho Beven other spirits, returned with greater power after a temporaijy banishment. Tho wife loved the husband iitat well enough to lie desperately joaloue of, his least civility to another woman. The husband had long ceased to bo joaloue, except of his own honor. Among the frequenters of the Prinoe Frederick there vras one who at this time was to bo seen t>/ore almost nightly. He was a man of about five aud twenty, tall, broad shouldered, v/ith strongly markod features, and the eye 'of a hawk, a man whoso clothes were well 7,-orn, and whose whole appearance was slov/nly, yet who looked a gentleman ; evidently unoared for, possibly destitute, but however low bo might sink, a gentleman stilt. 'To was a medical student, and one of the hardest workers at St. Thomas's — a man who had chosen his profession beaauso he loved it, and whose love increased with his labor. Thoso who knew moat about him said that he was a man destined to make his mark upon tho ago in which he lived. Bnt ho was not a man to achieve rapid success, to dis tinguish himself by a happy aocident. He went slowly to work, aonnded the bottom of every well, took up every subject ns re solutely as if it were tho one subject he had chosen for his espocial siudy, flung himself into every scientific question with tho fever ish ardor of a lover, yet Worked with the steadiness and self-denial of a Greek athlete. For nil tho vulgar pleasures of life, for wine or play, for horse racing or riot of any kind, this young surgeon carecl not a jot. He was so little a haunter of theatres that those of his fellow students who recog nised bim night after night at the Prince Frederick were surprised nt his frequent pt .-wf.co in such a place. | " -.Vhat has come to Gerard 7" cried Joe I' Latimer, of Guys, to Harry Brown of St, Thomas's. I thought he despised ballet dancing. Yet this ia tbe third time I hffve ' " " "" 1 1 I Men him looking on at this rot, with his attention as fixed as if he were watching Paget using ths knife 1" "Can't yon gueas what it all means" w. olaimed Brown ; "Gerard is In love." "In love I" "Yes, over bead and ears in love with La Chicot — never saw suoh a well marked cm, — all tbe symptoms beautifully developed— ' aits in the front row of the pit and gus, the whole time ehe is on thov stage— never - takes his eyes off her — raves about her to oar fellows — tho loveliest woman that ever lived since the unknown yonng person who screed as a model for the Tonus that was dug up in a cave in the island of Milo. Fancy having known that young woman, and put yonr arm round her waist. Somebody did I daresay I Yes, George Geraid is gone— annihilnted. It's too pathetic." "And Mademoiselle Chicot is a married woman, I hear 7" said Latimer. "Very much married. The husband ii always iu attendance upon her; waits forhei nt tho atago-door ovory night, or stands st ths wing whilo she dances. La Chioot is , most correct person, though Bhe hardly looks it. Ah, hero oomesOornrd. Well, old fellow has the diseaso reached its crisis 7" " What disease,"- askod Gerard, curtlv "The fever called love-" "Do you suppose I'm in love with tho new dancer because I drop in hero pretty ofteu to look at her?" / " I don't seo any othor motivo for your prosenoo here. You're not a play.going man.n "I coma to boo La Chicot simply because oho ia quits the most beautiful woman in face I and form that I over remember seeing. I conte as a painter might to look nt the per fection of hitman lovoliness, or as an anato mist to contemplate the completncss of God's work, a oroature turned out of the divino workshop without a flaw." " Did you ever hear such a follow 7" cried Lntimer. " Ho cornea to look nt a ballet dancer, and talks about it a9 if it wcra.akiud of religion." " The worship of the boautifuP'ls tho religion of art," answered Gerard gravely, " I respoct La Chioot na mtioh as I admire, her. I have not an unworthy thought about her." Latimer touched his forehead lightly with two fingers, and looked at his friend Brown. "Gone I" said Latimer. " Very far gone," replied Brown. " Come and try the Dutch oysters, Gerard, and let ua make a nigiit of it," snid Latimer persuasively. . j. "Thanks, no, I must go home to my den and read." And so they parted, the idlers to their pleasure, the ''plodding student- the man who lovod \jork for its own sake— to his books. . Chapter V. — A Disappointed Lover. Laura Malcolm remained at the Manor House. Mr. Claro, tho vicar, had par- suadod her to relinquish lier idea of going into lodgings in the village. It would be a pity to abandon tho good old house, hi argued. A house left to the care of servants must always suffer somo decay ; and this house was full of art treasures, objects of interest and of pgice which hitherto had been in Lnura's charge. Why should she not stay in the homo of lior girlhood till it was decided whether sho was to rnle there as mistress, or to abandon it for ever 7 "Your remaining here will not com promise your freedom of choioe," said Mr. Clare, kindly ; "if yon find before the end of the year that you cannot make up your iniud to acoept John Traverton as a hus band." " Ho may not ask mo," intorjeotod Laura, with a carious smile. " Oh, yes, he will. Ho will oome to yon in good time to offer yon, bis heart and baud, you may bo auro, my dear. It cannot be a difHoult thing for any young man to fall ia love with such a girl as you, and it soemB to mo. that this J ohn Trererton is very worthy of any woman's regard, I see no reason , why yonr marriage should not be a lore raatoh on both sides, in spite of my old friend's ccoentrio will." " I'm afraid that can never be," answered Laura, with a sigh; "Mr. Treverton will never be able to think of me aa he might of , any other woman. I must always soom to / him an obataole to hia freedom and bis lisp piness. He is constrained to assume an affection for me, or to surrender a splendid fortune. If ho is mercenary he will not hesitate. He will take the fortune and me, and I shall despise htm for his readiness to accept a wife choBGQ for him by another. No, dear Mr, Clare, there is no possibility of happiness for John Trovorton and mo." "My dear ohild, if you are convinced that yon oannot be happy in this marriage, yon are free on your part to refuse him," said tbs Vicar. Laura's pale cheek crhnvoncd. " That would be to doom him to poverty, and to frustrate his cousin's wish," Bhe an swered, falteriugly. " I should hate myself, if I could he so selfish as to do that." 'Then, my dear girl, you muc& yourself to the alternative, and ii John TiV vorton and yon are not as passionately love as ths young peoplo who defy their parents ani't run away to Gretna Green to be marrhsd— or did when I was a young man — yor. may at least enjoy a sober kind of happineiis, and get on as well together as the princes and princesses whose' marriage) are arranged by Cabinot Councils and foreign powe/B." ".Do you know anything about Mr. Tre- ve/ton 7" asked Laura, thoughtfully. " Very little. He is an only son — an only child, I believe. His father and mother died while he was a boy, and he became a Nvard in Chancery. He had a nice little pro perty when he oame of age, and ran through it nicely, after the manner of idle young men without friends to advise and gnide them. He began hia oareor in thaarmy, bat sold out after he had spent his money. 1 have no idea what he has been doing since- living by his wits, I'm afraid." So it was settled that Laura was to remain at the Manor House, with so -many of the old servants as would suffice to keep things in good order— the servants to bs paid and fed at the expense of - the estate, Laura to maintain herself out cf her own modest in come. She was a young lady of partioularly independent temper, and npon this point she was resolute. " The money is nobody's money nt present," she said. " I will not touoh a penny of it." Sad as were the associations of ths house, dreary as was the blank left in the familiar rooms by ths absence of ono rovered figure, dismal as tho silence whioh that "voloe could never break again, Laura was better pleased to stay in' her old" home than she would, have been to leave it. Even the mate, lifeless things among which she had lived eo long had somo part of hor love, some hold upon her heart. She wonlij have felt herself a aif and stray in a stranger's house. Here sho felt always at home, t If the rooms wore haunted by, the shadow of the dead, the ghost was a friendly one, and looked upon her with loving eyes. She had never thwartod, or negleoted, or wronged her adopted father. There was no remorse . mingled with hor grief. She thought of htm with deepoat saddness, bnt without pain. A strange lueits natural was brought to light yesterday, says the Oippsland Mercury, on the farm ot Mr. Geo. Barker, near the Turf. One of that gentleman's cows being bad, ho sent for Mr. Lyndon, butcher, to kill her, whioh he did. On the benst being opened it was found to bo in calf, and a most singular youngster it was. It had ono head, but from the nock downwards tbere were two distinct and completo bodies, joined together at the breast, aud the forelegs ol eaoh being entwined round the body of the othiir. It is a pily that this monstrosity was slightly decomposed, whioh prevented its being preserved, or it would have been t, valnablo- acquisition ' o-» mutonni. 