ITEMS OF NEWS. The collector of the hospital acknowledges tho sum of £2 6s from the employes of the Nuggctty G.M. Co., por Mr Combe, manager. Mr G. P. Philpots was the successful ten- derer last evening for supplying the Castlomaine Hospital with drugs for tho ensuing six months. Manifold Bros, notify that they havo opened their new premises at the corner of Forest and Hargreave streets, where they will be glad to see their old friends in the smithy line. Boyd, the jockey who rodo Speculator in the Hurdle Race at Flemington yesterday, was thrown, and received such severe injuries, that although lie was at once taken to tho Melbourne hospital, he died before reaching there. Yesterday morning Mr Corbet was in danger of being mado a ghost of by a snake that was seen passing in at his door a3 ho wa3 walking out. A cabman, who likewise saw this unin vited visitor, gave it the happy despatch with a stone. Tho weather was warm and sultry yesterday till after one o'clock, when a few heavy drops of rain fell, but the rain-clouds were soon driven away before a strong south wind. The sky thereafter cleared up, and in the evening a cool breeze blew from the south. As showing the difference between purchasing by tender and at the counter, it is worthy of note that a contract for supplying meat at 2d a pound was accepted last evening by the hospital c'oinmittee. The successful tenderer will either be a loser by tho transaction, or tho profit in tho butchers' line must be excellent. Tho return match between tho Castlomaine and Maryborough clubs takes place to-morrow, on tho ground of the latter. Tho following are the names of the local team, who leave here by the 10.15 a. in. train : — Campbell, Cock, Conn, Grose, Henry, Jenkins, Kinlock, Laver (2), Muirhead, Matthews, Smith, Vick. A correspondent sends us some further parti culars about the accident to tho boy Moore noticed in our issue of Wednesday . The unfor tunate hoy and his brother were going to a pad dock for a load of wood. They had just got through the gates, when the home took fright and bolting, caught a stump, and capsized tho dray, tho guarcliron falling across the elder brother's neck. The horse began struggling to regain his feet, dragging the boy's head back wards and forwards on tho road. Some neigh bours who saw the occurence ran to his assis tance, and with tho help of his brother got him from under the cart. When taken out he was thought to bo quito dead. His sister who also saw the accident ran for some water, bathed his head and face, and in a few minutes lie began to show signs of life. He was taken to the hos pital, whero he is now progressing favourably. Tho younger brother was unhurt, though severely shaken. A telegram was received by the Melbourne Police from Wallan Wallau on Wednesday night to the effect that a man named John Hanon had been found dead in tho Plonty Ranges, and that ho had been killed by the fall of a tree. Tho Mining department have received from Messrs Severance and Holt, mechanical engi neers, of Sail Francisco, a diamond drill suitablo for working at the bottom of shafts or in a drive. Such a machine, if found to work successfully, must necessarily prove a great acquisition to tho gold mining portion of the community. Telegrams havo been received from the com missioner of police, at Brisbane, to tho effect that there is no official authority for the report in tho Cooktown Herald that 24 blacks wero shot for the Into outrage oil the north side of the En deavour River. Sub-inspector Connor made 110 official report on the subject. No white men ac companied him. It is beliovod that tho Herald's account is greatly exaggerated. We (Eagluhawk Leader) havo been favored with a " relic of the olden time" in tho shape of tho Becond number of tho " Melbourno Adver tiser," written for and published by Jno. P. Faivkner. Tho Journal is dated January 8th, 1838, and it is, consequently, forty-olio yeai-3 sinco the then meagre population uf Melbourne road tho information therein contained. Tlioro are sumo interesting items contained in tho issue, which is in ordinary handwriting. A week or two ago wo (Riverine Herald) un derstand that an attempt was being made to sink a well on the artesian principal upon an allot ment, tho propory of Mr Waylen, in High- street south. On Thursday afternoon water was struck in the boro at a depth of 60 feet, and in driving anothor 4 feet tho water rose 12 loot in tho pipes. This i3 considered, so far, very satisfactory, and is is believed that by putting down tho bore a little deeper, the water, which, we may add, is perfectly clear, will riso to tho surface. Tho escapees from Now Caledonia landed at Brisbane on Wednesday morning, nnd tho polico took temporary charge of them. Sub-inspector Armit has prepared a written description of each according to his own statements : — Four wero undergoing lengthened lenns of imprisonment for murder ; one refused to state his offence, but the other six gave their crimes as robbery and assault. They left Tonvnaba on the 15th Feb ruary in a boat used to land provisions for tho prisoners, and remained a day and a half iu sight of land, having escaped in tho night, and meet ing with a particulary unfavourable wind. A few days afterwards they experienced a calm, which lasted fivo days, during which they hailed tho British barque H. A. Rawlins, which sup plied them with provisions and water. The calm was succeeded by a galo, during which it was difficult to keep the boat free from water, and a quantity of provisions was spoilt. A farmer from tho country, named John Con way, was robbed of LD8 in Melbourne on Mon day night. Telegrams from Warialda, Yotman, Goodi- windi, Walgott, and other districts in tho north west report very heavy rains, and tho probability of floods. Grass is abundant. Tho prico of wheat in Horsham still remains at 3s 7(1 per bushel. Tho faoilitios for forward ing grain from tho railway station aro now moro satisfactory, and wo (Wimmora Star) now learn that the quantity sent away daily averages 1300 bags. Tho Minister of Lands rccontly decided to throw open for selection about 11,000 acres in Macedon State forest, reserving about 3500 acres for forest purposes. Tho survey of tho land to bo thrown open has now been nearly finished, but all the other necessary arrange ments prior to tho insertion of the 14 days' notice to intonding selectors in tho Government Gazotto, will probably prevent the Land Board being held beforo the middle of next month. The board will probably be hold at Melbourno, though an effort is being made by Mr D. Cameron, M.L. A., to havo it held at Riddoll's Creek. Tho London Daily Telegraph of January Gth, commenting on tho proceedings in tho Avoca gold robbery case, considers Mr Elliston to havo been hardly used, and mentions the following facts, which seem to tell very forcibly in favour of the accused. After referring to tho insuffi ciency and suspiciousness of tho evidence against him, and severely reflecting upon the action of the authorities, it says: — "In the meanwliilo Mr Elliston, ignorant of all these extraordinary proceedings, had, in consequence of ill-health, left tho sea, returned to his native town of Ips wich, and thore applied for the vacant office of chief constable of tho borough. His family and connexions were all persons of influence, being among the oldest and most respectable in that part of tho country. Had Mr Elliston been pos sessed of oven a part of tho sum which it was alleged he had taken ho would certainly not havo needed to go to Ipswich to live with his brother. Nor is it likely that ho would have been anxious to compete for tho position of head constable in a small provincial placo at a salary of some L250 a year. " The Commissioner of Public Works has for some time past been engaged in preparing the new Local Government Act, which will replace the present statute which expires at the end of this year. Tho drafting of tho new bill (says the Argus) is nearly completed, and it will be one of tho earliest measures submitted to Parliament next session. Since 1874 the local bodies have been rocoiving endowments amounting in tho ag gregate to £310,000 per amum, besides tho numer ous special grants for local works voted by Par liament each year ; and numerous cases have been brought under the notice of the Govern ment in which the endowments received have been absolutely wasted in utterly inefficient works, carried out under the direction of incom petent mon. The only guarantee tho state has hitherto had for the proper expenditure of the subsidies consists iu tbo. provision in the Local Government Act (section 175), by which local bodies are precluded from appointing any person as surveyor and engineer who has not received a certificate of competency. This section, however has been completely ignored by numerous councils which have appointed as their engineers and surveyors men whose qualification for the posts lias been tho ties existing between them and the members of the local council. One of the principal objects of the new act will be to pro vide for tho proper expenditure of tho public money voted to the local bodies, and a system of supervision will be attempted which, it is thought will prevent the recurrence of such scandals as have been witnessed in the case of the Jika and Oakleigh shires. A caution to local bodies who allow obstruc tions on the roads, in the shape of metal, boul ders, &c.;, will be found in the following cases: — Tho hearing of the action against the shire council of Barebin was concluded iu the Supreme Court on Wednesday, before his Honour the Chief Justice and a spoeial jury of six. Tho plaintiff, reports the Telegraph, Mrs Christina Burgnieier, a restaurant keeper in Bourke-street, sued to recover L100U damages for injuries she sustained through the alleged negligence of the defendants. On Sunday morning, the I2th of May last, Mrs Burgnieier was driven in her buggy by a mail named George to Thomastown, and returned to Melbourne in the evening. On the return journey the driver attempted to pass a milk cart on the road, and in doing so — it was dark at the time — the buggy went over a heap of road metal, and Mrs Burgnieier was thrown out, and seriously injured. For some timo after wards Bhe was unable to attend to her business, and the receipts fell oft' considerably. It was alleged that the heap of metal was toe near the metalled part of the road, and that the defen dants were guilty of negligence. The defence was that the council had followed the usual cus tom of placing road metal at a proper distanco from the highway, and that the driver of the buggy was responsible for the accident. Tho j ury /mind in favour of the plaintiff, and gave L108 damages. Mr Higinbotham and Mr Williams appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Webb, Mr M'Farlati, and Mr M'Cormaclc for the shire. Tho Shire of Broadford was also sued by Mr W. H. Munro to recover damages for injuries he had received through, tho defendants in re pairing a road allowing a dangerous cutting to be unguarded. The defendants alleged that the work was being done by contract, and that by the conditions of the contract the contractor was to take all due precautions, and they also contended that tho plaintiff ought to havo seen the cutting, and that it was his own fault ho fell into it. The jury found that tho plaintiff had not beon guilty of any contributory negligence, and gavo him a verdict forL50. 