Mr. A. Stewart raised a very interesting and. important question in the Legislative Council on Thursday night, and although wo cannot sav wo condemn the course adonted by Sir John Robertson in having it set aside, we should not have been sorry to see it carried. Mr. Stewart's motion was for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into and report upon the kind of instruction given in the Public schools, to see whether it deserved the charges made against it by Archbishop Vauglian. That intemperate prelate has stigmatised these schools as nurseries of immorality, infidelity, and lawless ness, and those who believe that these charges arc utterly unfounded and do a great injus tice to the educational system of the colony wish to have such an inquiry as will elicit the truth, and will vindicate our Public schools from the serious charges made against them. The general tone of the speaker was in strong deprecation of the charges that have been made ; hut it was considered unneces sary and inconvenient just now to have such an inquiry, as the new Education Rill was before Parliament, and the previous ques tion moved by Sir John Robertson was carried. The reasons given for the shelving of the question seem scarcely adeqnate. If there is any doubt as to the value of the present sys tem of teaching in our Public schools, this is certainly the time to ascertain the truth, when we are just about making an important change in tlie system. The truth is tlmt -honourable members felt thnt it would he attaching too much importance to the Archbishop's utterances to have any such inquiry instituted. Nobody pays attention to the abuse of a common scold, and eminent though his Lordship's position is in his Church, he has really come down to thnt very vulgar level. lie is dis turbing the peace bv his scurrilous and loud abuse of his neighbours, and lie should be put under restraint for a time by his friends. AVo can scarcely think tliat he believes in what ho says, but- are inclined to regard liis im passioned appeals to tho passions of his hearers, and his serious charges against Public schools, as so many oratorical figures of speech. lie revels in amplification nnd hyperbole, and is satisfied with nothing lint superlatives. His people have all the vir tues, and tlie rest are characterised by all the vices. On one side angels, and on the other demons. All this fustian, and turgid rant reminds one of the old melodramas that wore wont to attract large .audiences by their stilted phraseology, their loud-mouthed rant and bluster, and their caricature of human nature. With his Lordship the Catholic Church is the poor but virtuous meek and beauteous maiden, doomed to undergo perse cution at tho hands of the heavy Pro testant villain — scowling, ferocious, and un scrupulous ! We may ho amused or dis gusted or indignant nt tlie rhodomontnde, hut we do not condescend to ask for an in quiry into the falsehood of the charges. No doubt the Archbishop's- position gives im portance to his utterances, but then, if Church dignitaries descend to the level of brawling ranters — stirring up strife under the guise of religion— they must expect tho same contemptuous treatment. To appoint a select committee to inquire into the truth of charges which no one — not even the Archbishop him self — believes might appear to be ridiculous ; and this, we imagine, was really in the minds of honourable members when they voted l'or the previous question. For the most part tho remarks that were made on the subject were characterised by common sense and good taste. Mr. Stownrt was, moderate and dignified, though perhaps "looking at the matter in too serious a light. Mr. Dalley -complimented him on the good taste of. his remarks ; we are sorry we cannot compliment tlie honourable nud learned mem ber himself. There was a time when he would have denounced and ridiculed such in- ' finmmntory and bombastic tirades as those of which he ha.s now descended to be tlie- apolo- ' gist. He should know that it is an unworthy quibble to say that the Archbishop in his Pastorals addresses his own flock, and no one else!, and that'": he does not attack the Public .schools, but tlie secular system of public in struction. But" even if they are only ad dressed to his own people, lie is responsible for the. eilect of them. If they are cal culated to sow dissension nnd engender bitter feeling and strife ' between religions bodies, then is' lie morally responsible .for the consequences. Mr. Holt made a liappy contrast between the present head of the Romau Catholic Church here and the late Archbishop Polding, under whoso sway such unhappy efforts to stir up sectarian discord' and strife would never have been allowed. It is indeed to be regretted that the spirit of the late prelate does not influence his succes sors in ; promoting pence and goodwill ' among men ; and if differences of opinion arise as to matters of public policy, that these cannot he discussed in a spirit of moderation : and mutual respect. The Catholics, or the members of any denomina tion, are far more likely to have their claims fairly considered by the rest of the com munity when they are urged without excite ment nnd without attacking others. It is a misfortune that any public question should be dealt with when men's minds are inflamed upon it by the rancour and bitterness of party or sectarian feeling. We have snid that we almost regret Mr. Stewart's motion was lost. That motion would have involved a thorough examination of the system of teaching in our Public schools, and this would certainly be product ive of good. In the first place, it would have shown that tho school-books in use are full of the most valuable religious and moral teaching, nnd the charges of infidelity and immorality would have been shown to be utterly baseless — in fact, dinmetricnlly op posed to the truth. Tho National school- books in use have a number of pieces whose excellent effect upon the minds' of tlie young cannot be denied by thu most bigoted opponent of the system. An examination of tiiese hooks would, how ever, reveal something else not so satisfactory — that they are far behind the age, and utterly unsuited to these colonies. The National school-books in use in Ireland are ex cellent enough in their way for that country, but in Australia we require books thnt will teach us something about the land we live in, about its capabilities, productions, natural history, and chief characteristics. Why cannot a series of class books ' he compiled in the colony for Australian children which, while they afford information about other countries, will take special note of our own ? This is a matter we would commend to the attention of the Government while remodelling the system of public instruction. The remodelling must extend not merely to carrying out great principles of public policy with regard to general mannge- "ment, bnt must extend to tlie system of tencbing itself. Tlie recent improvements in the mother-country should' be introduced so far as desirable, aud it is worthy of considera- tion wlietlier a qualineit lieailmaster ior a training-school for teachers should not he obtained. These are questions which are bound to come up in debate, and their im portance must he admitted. Mr. Stewart's proposed inquiry would not probably have gone so far ; but the labours of a select committee with reference to sucli matters would be of great value, and it i3 worthy of consideration whether one should not be ap pointed. Sentimentality is an admirable quality in its legitimate way, hut there are circumstances under which it may be carried to excess, and wo submit that the influence which it exer cised in the Municipal Council yesterday was an outrage 011 public probity ami a scandalous repudiation of duty 011 the part of the six aldermen who voted ngninst the proposal to prosecute the late paymaster. It comes with " a strange, quick jar," upon tho feelings to challenge the appeal made by Mrs. Dent on behalf of herself and her eight children ; but if her plea for mercy for her defaulting husband is to be admitted and acted upon, then, in the name of common consistencey and justice, let tho doors of the gaols of the colony be opened, and let scores of less culpable criminals go free. It is a recognised principle iu criminal law that the receivers of stolen property are as bad as the thieves ; and in connection with crimes, accessories before or after the fact are held to be culpable. Weighed in either of these judicial balances, what position would the guardians of tho citizens' interests occupy who yesterday connived at the systematic' swindling wliich has been carried on 1 'From . the renort of tho nroceedinss.: which nppenrs elsewhere, it. will lie seen thnt the course of justice was .stayed " in the " meantime," pending the time when the full extent of the defalcations is ascertained. It has been proved, according to Mr. Durham's report, that tho late paymaster is a defaulter to the extent of o£l4", this amount being the deficiencies of a month or two out of four years' transactions, the accounts for the balance of the time'hnving still to be investi gated. Wlint the total result will be can only be imagined ; but it is probable that when tlie professional audit is completed tho deficiencies may have to be reckoned by thousands instead of hundreds. This is a possibility, however, which need not be urged in dealing witli the action of the Council yesterday. The question simply is — Are the aldermen who voted in favour of the motion to tiddlewink with tho matter disposed to compromise a felony ? The ratepayers have been robbed. This is undeniable, and the gentlemen who are en trusted with tho duties of attending to their interests practically say " Let tlie thief slide "jiro tern." There is a kind of conditional guarantee given thnt if further investigations prove greater dishonesty steps may.be taken to bring the delinquent to justice ; bin much faith cannot be placed in the intentions of those who thus decline to per- fom their duty to tho citizens on tlie ground that what is bad at present may bo worse in the future. Whoever reads tlie report of the proceedings yesterday will bo convinced tlmt the arguments were all on one. side and sentiment ou the other. Alderman Taylor, who is wont to be sensible, bnt who seconded the motion for tho suspension of proceedings nghinst Mr. Dent, did so on the ground that " there were many " people to blame for- these defalca- " tions, which occurred absolutely while " audits of the municipal accounts were "supposed to be going on." On this prin ciple a burglar who breaks into »: house should not be prosecuted or punished pro vided it could be proved that the policeman ' who should have been looking after the pre- j mises - was asleep on his beat. There is no doubt whatever that, as' Alderman Taylor said, "the annual audit was a mere farce but it is surely not to be held that, because the city auditors neglected their duty the city paymaster had a right to swindle the Corporation. When Alderman Taylor reflects upon the plea he set up he will no doubt perceive that he allowed his sympathy for Dent's family to supersede his responsibility as a representative of the ratepayers ; and the same may be said of the other aldermen who thought and voted with him. Alderman, Harris put the matter - in a much more practical way, for lie combined his duty to the citizens and his sympathy for the unfortunate family in a way which did him great credit. The defal cations of the late paymaster, lie said, "Was " a public matter, and must be regarded "purely as such," and he therefore "felt "that the. Council would not be doing " its duty to the public if proceedings were " stayed." He expressed his willingness, however, to subscribe substantially to a fund for the assistance of the family, and though his offer met with no response, it proved that he was prepared to temper public justice with private sympathy. As a mere question of pounds, shillings, and pence, it may not matter mueli. to the ratepayers whether 'their defaulting servant is proseeuted or not. 'There is an oner made to reiunu ibi'lv, tne amount of the deficiencies already ascertained — or -at least published as the extent of his defalcations ; but there iB more than the mere question of money involved. The in tegrity of the Municipal Council is at stake, for if justice is kidnapped in this case, what confidence enn there be placed in those who thus permit their duty to the public to be come subservient to personal feeling ? Our contemporary the Evening News seems to be somewhat sore because we have expressed some doubt as to the correctness of its tele gram in reference to the arrest of Yakoob Khan, the Ameer of Cnbul, for complicity in the mas sacre of Major Cavagnari and suite. In making the remarks we did we had no intention to cast any discredit upon the sources of its informa tion. Wo have, indeed, noticed more thnn once that, on Indian matters, our evening contempo rary has had news of importance earlier than Renter, and it may be that this is another in stance of the same kind. But having waited twenty-four hours for confirmation of the news, and finding none, we felt inclined to think thut the statement made was not correct, and we gave our reasons. Unhappily the news is by no means improbable, but if true it is of a very serious character, and it does seem strange that Renter should not have been ac quainted with it even by this time. We have now intelligence to the 14th, and yet no refer ence to a subject which is of profound import ance both in India and in England. Wo trust, therefore, wo shall be excused for our un belief. We have great respect for the enter prise of our contemporary, but have yet to learn that it has exclusive access to important Indian intelligence. Even a special wire laid on from Cabul to the Evening News office in Eitt-street would hardly account for this. The good faith of the Turkish authorities is evidently suspected by the British Government. A few days since the order issued to Admiral Hornby, to proceed with the Mediterranean squadron to Vourla, was countermanded on a pledge being given by the Porte to carry out the reforms in Asia ns stipulated in the Berlin treaty. This morning we have the news that another order has been issued, and that the British fleet will proceed to the East, probnbly to Vourla. This sudden and somewhat hostile movement could not have been induced without serious pro vocation, the particulars of which will Ire looked for with considerable interest. In the Transvaal, matters are nnnarentlv drawing to a crisis. The Poors arc forming themselves into armed com panies, until the express determination of resisting the trial of the offenders, and in order to still further complicate matters, they are refusing to pay taxes. In South Africa hostilities have been renewed, in consequence of the refusal of Jloirosi to submit to the British. The Legislative Assembly met yesterday, but only sat for' ten minutes. After the questions asked of ministers had been disposed of, the orders of the day were postponed, and the House ad journed until Tuesday next. Sir. JI'Elhone, who worked so arduously in the Assembly on Thursday, did not put in an appear ance there yesterday ; but the indefatigable mem ber nevertheless wrought by proxy. At his in stance Jlr. Bennett elicited from Mr. Watson the fact that the report of the commission appointed to inquire into certain charges made against cer tain officers in the Colonial stores department, and the management thereof, was under the considera tion of the Government, but that no decision with regard to it had yet been arrived at. Sir Henry Vnrkes, yesterday, stated, in reply to a question put by Mr. O'Connor, in the Assembly, that he had found that the Woollahra Borough Council had recently invited competitive designs for a bathing establishment at Double Bay ; that such designs wore expected to -be sent in, though none had as yet been received ; and that the con templated site would be opposite the reserve, During the brief meeting of the Legislative As sembly yesterday afternoon, Jlr. Lynch obtained from Mr. Lackey a promise that tenders for the erection of a new court-house at Carcoar would bo invited in an early issue of the Government Gazette, ' Ho hope was held out to Jlr. O'Connor in the Assembly, yesterday, that the Government would make any provision in the Public Instruction, or in any other bill, for the establishment of technical schools. Jlr. Watson, in replying to a question put by Jlr. Bennett (in the absence of Jlr. JFEllioiie), in the Assembly yesterday afternoon, said that the report of the commissioners appointed to inquire into the management of the Glebe Island abattoirs was being considered by the Government ; but that they had as yet arrived at no conclusion with regard to it. Mr. Hurley (of Hartley) was informed by Jlr. Lackey in the Assembly yesterday afternoon that a sum of £722 7s 2d had licen allowed as compen sation for the three roods and nineteen perches of the Church of England glebe land at Goulburn, resumed by the Government for railway purposes, and that the amount had been placed in the hands of the Master in Equity for the parties concerned. Jlr. Lackey yesterday informed Jlr. Teecc, JI.L.A., that as soon as the plans for the new gaol at Goulburn, which were about, to be . submitted, should have been approved of, tenders for its erec tion should be invited without delay. The Minister for Works was' waited on yester day by a deputation from Queanbeyan, consisting of Messrs. Thompson, JI.L.A., and several gentle men living in the district, who asked that when the extension of the Southern Railway was made to, C'oonm and the surrounding district the' line should be taken through Queanbeyan. It was stated that the town contained 1100 inhabitants, and that the neighbourhood was largely cultivated with wheat and other cereals. Jlr. Lackey said it would be the endeavour of the Government to serve the largest number of people, and when the line was under consideration he would take good care that the representations of the deputation should be laid before the Government. A deputation from Mnequnrio Plains, introduced by Jlr. Webb, JI.L.A,, waited on the Minister for J\ orks yesterday, for the purpose of asking that the line of railway to connect the .Southern and 1\ cstcrn lines should start from Newbridge, and go via Mount Mniquarie, instead .of starling from Blaney, and going via Cnrcour, There were pre sent: — Jlcssrs, Coombcs and J. Davies, JI.'sL.A., Cook, l'ascoe, Bcattic, Ilice, and Strong. It was urged that by taking the line in the direction asked by the deputation, a larger amount of popu lation would bo served, mid. that it would be more profitable to the Government from a revenue point of view. » Mr. Lackey said he would instruct a sur veyor to examine the line, nnd have a trial survey made if he reported favourably. A deputation from Gannon's Forest, consisting of Jlcssrs. P. Jl'JI.nhon, J.P., H. West, A. Jlellsopp, H. - Kiiisclla, G. Freddy, and Thos. Jlellsopp, waited on the Colonial Secretary yesterday for the purpose of asking that certain roads, lending from Rocky Point to "Peckhurst,; should be made, nnd that the road known, as the Broad Arrow and Stony Creek-road, should be put -in repair. They also made suggestions as to the route a railway should take to' Gcorgc'sTliver. Sir Henry Parkas promised to give the various matters considera tion. The Hon. F. B. Suttor, Jlinister of Justice and Education, will address his constituents at Bath- urst on Jfonday evening. A specially summoned committee meeting of the Sydney JIunieipal Council was held yesterday forenoon, at half-past 10 o'clock, when a letter was read from Jlrs. Dent, wife of the late paymaster, offering, if present proceedings against him were stayed, to make good his deficiencies so far as as ascertained. Alderman Green gave notice to rescind the resolution passed at a former meeting to prosecute Dent, and moved that, pending its discussion, proceedings against him be stayed. This, after a brief debate, was carried by six votes to four. In the Supreme Court yesterday, before Jlr Justice Windcyer, the jury returned a verdict for the defendants in the case of Verge v. Oakes. After the conclusion of this case Judge Windeycr proceeded to the Criminal Sessions at Dnrlinghursl, when liis seat on the bench was taken by his Honor Sir William JIanning. The trespass case of Oakes v. Verge was opened, and not concluded when the Court rose. In the Banco Court, before Jlr. Justice Faucott, the assault case of JIajor v. Bul lock was continued all day, and adjourned at I' o'clock until 10 o'clock on Jlonday morning. In the Equity Court, Jlr. Justice Hnrgraye heard several motions. The sittings of the Central Criminal Sessions were continued yesterday before their Honors Sir William JIanning and Jlr. Justice Windcyer. Mr. Docker and Jlr. Pitcairn prosecuted for the Grown. Andrew Ivelleher alias Cohen alias Jlycrs pleaded guilty to three charges of forgery and uttering, and was sentenced to two years imprisonment on each charge, the sentences to be concurrent. George Dean Watson was acquitted on a chaige of perjury. Jamas Thompson was found not guilty of forging and uttering a note for £5 on the New castle Branch of the Bank of Australasia, and dis charged. Joseph William Hutchinson pleaded guilty to two charges of embezzlement, and was remanded for sentence. John Davis and George Williams, arraigned on a charge of garotting and robbing, pleaded guilty on the first count, the Crown withdrawing the charge of garotting, and were also remanded for sentence. The Court then adjourned till Monday next at 10 o'clock. An extraordinary affiliation case was heard in the Summons Court at the Central Police Court yesterday, the defendant, Dr. Gentle, of Goulburn, being summoned by Ellen Thompson, stepdaughter of Jlr. Thompson, jeweller of, the same city, for the maintenance of his illegitimate child. The complainant's evidence reflected seriously upon the defendant's character, ns it showed that whilst attending her in a professional character lie had forcibly seduced her. The case was adjourned till next Friday. Jlr. Roberts appeared for the com plainant, Jlr. Pilcbcr for the defendant. At tiie Central Police Court yesterday, William Price, for disobeying an order of the court for support of liis wife, was sent to gaol till thc.order was complied with, the term of imprisonment not to exceed 12 months. The Presbyterian Synod 'of Eastern Australia being now in session, it was resolved to present His Excellency- Lord Augustus Loftus with an address, congratulating him on his appointment, and welcoming him as the Governor of New Soutli Wales. The following gentlemen waited on his Excellency yesterday with the address, at Govern ment House : — Bcv. George Sutherland, Isaac Jlac- kay, Duncan JPIuncs, William Grant, S. N. Stewart, I'eter JIncpherson, JI.A., Arnot Nicol, Jolm Darts, ministers, and- Messrs. E. A. Rennie, A. Cox Law. C. T. Belstard, and D. Campbell, elders. His Excellency expressed liis pleasure at rcceiving.the address, and made a suitable reply, in which lie expressed his satisfaction with the mani festations of loyalty and attachment of that body of Christians, in common with the rest of the peo ple of New South Wales to her, JIajesty and the British Crown. The interior of the Garden l'alaee has now assumed such an air of completeness that it requires a great deal of hyper-criticism to suggest anything wanting. But mankind is never satis fied, and it has been suggested that a few seats placed in positions other than under the dome wnnhl lie verv ueeentalile. esnoeiallv to Indies who may prefer the comparative privacy inside the courts to the general rendezvous which lias been established at the fountain. A few of the thousand chairs purchased for concert purposes could easily be utilised io supply the want referred to. There is one court ill the Palace which does not appear to receive that attention from visitors that the beauties of the exhibits in it entitle it to — it is the French Court. To-.day there are several musical entertainment? announced. As the weather pro mises to lie fair a large attendance will no doubt take place. The immigrant ship 1'cricle-, with about 300 immigrants on board, arrived in the harbour yes terday morning at 10 o'clock. The Pericles left Ply moil tli on the 3rd of August, and having gone ashore in the Channel shortly after her departure, she put hack and left again on the 2!)th of the same month. Her passage may therefore be con sidered one of the smartest of the season. During the voyage out, 10 deaths, including nine children under 12 years of age. and one adult occurred, but none of these were the result of in fectious disease. Upon arriving in harbour, Cap- tiun Largie, with praiseworthy caution, at once took liis ship to tiie quarantine station, without any special directions, as there were several cases of sickness on board. Soon after her arrival, Dr. Alieyne, the health officer for the port, boarded, and found that several of the immigrants were suffering from typhoid fever, although fortunntclv not of a verv malig- nant kind. Dr. Alieyne, while commending the captain's foresight, saw no reason why the ship should be detained in quarantine for more than two or three days at farthest.- It is his opinion that the majority of the deaths were the result of diseases ' contracted before the immigrants went on -board at Plymouth, and lie expresses himself perfectly satisfied with all the arrangements on board, as well as with the precautions taken by tlic captain, medical officer, and Iheirsubordinates. It will be seen from our advertising columns tlzat the immigration agent will give due notification when the immigrants can be hired. The French authorities are determined Hint the presence of deportees from New Caledonia shall not form the subject of any misunderstanding with New South Wales. Jt. Ballieu. the French consul, sent no less than Iff hack to France Yesterday by the steamship Northumberland. Jt. Ballieu pro vided the men with everything requisite for the voyage, and went on board in company with the Chancellor, Jl. de la Forest, and liis private secre tary to nttcml their departure. Only those who show by their energy and aptitude for business that will make good colonists are to be left here. The N.R.A.'s annual meeting was continued yesterday (the fourth day), j The principal event was thG.coiitcst for the association's silver medal, which was won hv .Serjeant Jshovring, of Goulburn, with a snore of 171 poiijfsjfipTo- day, the tinal one of the (fleeting, the JKte'eding.s will he most interesting, consisting;'; vis they will, of team matches itnlneipally. There are the " Company Represeintevo mid Walker Trophy JIaicli," at 8.40 a.m'. ffilll Schools' Matches, with Hay riiies and EiitieM carbines respectively, at 10.40 ; the Schools' Challenge Bugle Jfateh, and the Inter national JIntch. A luncheon will be given to the Queensland team by the executive council at 1 o'clock, at which the president, Sir William JIanning, willtako the chair. The first shipment of Victorian wool samples for the forthcoming wool exhibition at the Garden Palace have ji'tR been received from Jlelhournc by Jlr R. 1). Bannister, the secretary to the Executive Commissioner for Victoria at the Sydney Inter national Exhibition. A meeting of mayors of the suburban munici palities was held in the Exchange, yesterday, for the purpose of adopting such measures as might bo thought advisable to petition Parliament not to allow tramways to pass into the hands of private individuals or companies. There wore present : — The Mayors of Petersham, llandwick, Waterloo, Alexandria, .Victoria, St. Leonards, Balmain, Bur- wood, several aldermen, and other gentlemen in- terested in- object of the meeting. Jlr. W. H. Figott (JIayor of Petersham) was elected per manent chairman. The chairman apologised for the absence of Jlr. Triekett, tbo Mayor of Wool lahra, and expressed bis decided approval ;of the objects of theimeeting. He was of-opinion that tramways should be constructed wherever railways could not bo carried. At the same time ho was anxious to see the railway extended into the'city, and also into the suburbs/ Each of the other gen tlemen present also spoke strongly in favour of the movement, and Jlr. M'Pherson referred to an inter view by tue Mayors of Waverly, Woollahra, and Randwick with Mr. Lackey, at which that gentle man approved of their views on the. subject ; and had promised that the Government would en deavour to carry them out, admitting that it was impossible for a private company to do so effec tually. A sub-committee of four was appointed to prepare a petition, to be presented to Parliament, embodying the views of the meeting. The mayor and aldermen of Sydney, at the con clusion of the special committee meeting yester day, accompanied Mr. Trevor Jones, the city engi neer, to witness in actual operation the simple water-pipe cleaning machine, an adaptation of that in use in Jlelbourne, described in the- Daily Tele graph some weeks since. The machine was tried on the mains in Clarence- street, and was found to be admirably suited for the purposes for which it is intended. The- Sydney Juvenile Industrial Exhibition is progressing.quietly but surely. It will be scon -by reference to our advertising columns that the time for receiving entries has been extended to within -a: week of the time of opening, which is to take place on December 13. We have before referred to the great importance of the effort, and would again direct the attention of parents, teachers, and the young people for whose especial benefit the exhibi tion is to be held, to the advantages likely to accrue to those who compete. Apart from the pleasure of winning a prize, there is a spirit of emulation, a desire to excel in useful work, nnd habits of industry fostered and encouraged, as well as "the development, of bidden talents. The subjects offered for the display of energy arc so diverse In their character, that any article which can be produced by young people under the age of 21 is eligible for competition. Wo learn that up' to the present, some 500 competitors arc expected, but this number should be increased to 1500. We trust that no effort will be spared by those in terested, to make the first Sydney Juvenile Indus trial Exhibition a grand succass. Jlr. Jlceks, one of the candidates to represent Denison Ward in the City Council, held another public meeting inst night at Heyland's Friendship Hotel, Bathurst-street west. It was well attended, and Jlr. Mecks was again listened to with much interest nnd attention. He was credited with acting in a very laudable manner at the time the Chinese question caused so much commotion in Sydney. Altogether he appeared to have the support of his listeners, nnd principally Jlcssrs. Jfoldan, JI'Leau. Dixon, and Alderman Melville, of Newtown, who would contrive their utmost to ensure his return ns an alderman of the Council. By his own energy and industry he had organized an industry which had proved to be a success, and given a large amount or employment to the people, therefore his supporters considered hint to be worthy of the position he seeking. He informed Ihem if they re turned him, nnd afterwards discovered that he was at all negligent in fulfilling all ho had promised, lie would resign at once, when he saw the majority were in favour of his doing so. Jlr. Charles Kidman addressed another meeting of tiie electors of Gipps Ward last night, this time from the verandah of JIann's Hotel, Kent-street. The chair was occupied by Jlr. Colo, president of the Trades' and Labour Council, who briefly intro duced the candidate to his audience. Jlr. Kidman then explained his views pretty nearly as on the previous occasion. He said that he would like to see every one of the present officers of the Cor poration dismissed next day, after which he would re-engage those who were able to do their business in a proper manner. Ho denied having been op-, posed to the eight hours' movement. He said that the taxation under the new system would be 5s 2Ad instead of 4s 'Jd, its iie bad stated a few liights previously. He believed that before the present session of Parliament cnmc to an end the Transit Commission would cease to exist. He ex pressed himself as being opposed to the Council, employing persons who paid no rates, and were not residents of the city. He had no doubt that if he were now returned lie would .be re-elected after the expiration of his three years of office. Jlr. Lyall Scott moved the usual vote of confidence in the candidate. It was seconded by Jlr. Joseph Lowe, solicitor, supported by Jlr. Henry Clarke, JI.L.A. (who said lie had known Mr. Kidmnn ns an independent, straightforward gentleman during the past 30 years), and was carried unanimously. The synopsis of Professor Pepper's six scientific lectures, commencing at the Victoria Theatre on the IStli instant, appears in another column. The subjects will cmbrace|a popular illustration of every discovery in connection with light, and the ex periments will be conducted with an apparatus of lectures are delivered in such a popular style, devoid of pedaniic and ultra- scientitie terms, that tlicy are intelligible to the ordinaiy listener ; and, as the value of such an opportunity is too great to be wasted, it will be a reproach to our community if that gentleman's invitation to h really intel lectual entertainment is not largely availed of. The forty-eight hours' pedestrian contest at the old Ehibition Building is progressing favourably, the favourite competitors making good distances. The attendance yesterday and last night was some what limited, though, as the finish draws nearer and the -public interest' increases, a large assem blage may be looked for. Edwards completed his first thirty miles at ff.25 a.m.. Thomas five mimitis later, Lewis next, ten minutes behind the cham pion. The three then retired for a rest. Tiie other competitors were not far behind at a quarter to 4, Williams being fourth with 29 miles 12 laps to his credit, JI'Dermolt lowest on the board at 17 miles 10 laps. Campbell retired from the contest a little before 5 o'clock, having only travelled 31 miles 2 laps. The men kept on at a steady pace throughout the day, with the excep tion of Lewis, who pushed on for some time at a great pace. Edwards had 90 miles to liis credit at 9.19 p.m., and at ten minutes past 10 o'clock the board showed the following distances : — Edwards, 92 miles S laps ; C. Williams, 87 miles (i laps ; Lewis, 84 miius : J. C. Williams, 83 miles 3 laps j King, 81 miles 9 laps : Thomas (who had been absent for some time, and renewed work at nine minutes past i(J), 70 miles 9 laps j Rusliwortli, 08 miles ; Turner (substitute for Jt'Dermott, who did not start), 59 miles 2 laps; JPFaddcn,52 miles 1 lap. The champion and young Wiiliams were walking splendidly, and, bar accidents, seem safe for first and second places, Lewis and King being favourites for the .next, prize. A match lias been arranged between Edwards and Woodhonsc; the Victorian pedestrian, for a twenty-four hours' match for £230, the first deposit having been placed in the hands of Jlr Punch. A very interesting display is announced to lake place next Saturday afternoon in the sea outside Jlanly. The steamer Commodore lias been char tered for the purpose of affording Professor Hume an opportunity of testing his life-saving apparatus. The steamer will pass outside the Heads, and when about two miles off Jlanly Beach a man is to be thrown overboard along with one of the professor's patent .appliances. He will then make his way through the sen, whether it be rough or smooth, and land at Jlanly. It is stated that a man may travel at the rate of two miles an hour with the aid of one of Jlr. Hume's patent life- saving appliances. It must be admitted that cabmen, ns a rule, are not immaculate, and this is just the reason why any conspicuous cxnmplo of honesty oil the part of one of the individual members of file fraternity should he recorded. Last night, the driver of cab No. 143 discovered, after lie had been dismissed by liis fare, that a purse containing about £10 had been left in his vehicle, and, instead of quietly appropriating the money, and setting it down to the credit of profit and loss, as many, others would have done, he found the owner and restored the money intact. If virtue is its own reward, as an old proved says, No. 113 should have plenty of fares who are not too exacting ns to the legal regulations. The principal business which occupied Hie atten tion of the Jleuicui .Section of the Royal Society last night was the reading and adoption of a re port furnished by the sub-committee on the con tagious diseases, for wi»icli it was necessary to provide a Lock hospital in Sydney. Dr. Roberts thought tiie gentlemen of the committee deserved the thanks of the section for their report. He con sidered that a Contagions Diseases Act in this colony would he a boon, and in his opinion the one in force at Brisbane was the most complete in its entirety of any he had knowledge of existing in other places, and was worked with less dis turbance to .tiie public generally. It would certainly be a public benefit, and for. that reason he would be glad to see a deputation sent to the Colonial Secretary urging the inaugu ration of such, an Act. Dr.' Cecil Jlorgan said the matter of a Lock hospital had been before the House already ; but with regard to the Contagions Diseases - Act he was afraid the colony would not accept it. During the latter part of the discussion it was thought a portion of the Prince Alfred Hos pital might be set apart to receive patients suffer ing from those complaints. It was also recom mended by "the section that a meeting be called of the medical profession to discuss and consider what should be done in regard to urging Parlia ment to pass a Contagious Diseases Act. The races for third class yachts of the Sydney Royal Yacht Squadron, advertised to take plaeo to day, have, so we are informed, been postponed in consequence of there being only one entry for each division of the event. The entries were the Guinevere and Mabel respectively. The evensong at St. Andrew's Cathedral to morrow afternoon, at 3.15, will comprise : — Jlagni- ficat (Kempton) ; Nunc Dimittis (Kcmpton) ; Anthem, "Judge me, 0 God " (Mendelssohn). A monster meeting of iron trades will be held in the Temperance Hall to-night. Messrs. Mills and Pile's great sale of property at Petersham will be continued ' to-day. The first ordinary general meeting of the share holders of the Sydney Coffee Palace Company will be held on Tuesday, 26th instant, at 3.30 p.m., at the Temperance Hall. The Rev. JVarlow Davies, JI.A., will deliver the last of bis series of lectures on " The Prodigal Son," to-morrow evening, at the Congregational Church, Newtown. The annual picnic of the Primitive Jlethodist Sab bath schools, Kent-street and Pyrmont, will be held at Chowder Bay on Thursdav next. The Bev. J. A. Dowie .'will hold evangelistic ser vices to-morrow morning and evening at the Vic toria Theatre. Tue annual excursion of St, Jathias's Sunday school, Paddington, takes place at Chowder Bay to day. Mr. Chnrles Bright will deliver a lecture on the ' Holy Ghost," at the Theatre Royal to-morrow evening. A lecture on " Waste " will be delivered by Mr. Jas. Inglis, in the Technical and Working Men's College, School of Arts, on Wednesday evening next. The Snail's "Bay Regatta is to he held onSaturday, tne utn uecenioer. x-articuiars. win nppear 111 luiaire advertisements. ' ' Owners are reminded that the entries for fat stock close on Saturday, the 22nd. Entries of stud stock are finally closed, except for Victoria. The ordinary goncral meeting of shareholders in the Colonial JIutual Fire Insurance Company will bo held in the office, Collin's-3treot,'ou Friday, 28th in stant, at noon. A general meeting of the Psychological Society will be held at the Temperance Hall on Monday evening, Mr. Charles Bright in the chair. Jlr. Cavanagh will give an address on modem spiritual ism. 