PICKWICKIAN MEMORIES. r Tho haunts of old Waller, in London, hava not all disappeared. Ho speaks of himself in one place ns the " celebrated Mr Weller of the Belle Savage." In Belle Savage Yard you will not find the old tavern, tho court now b6ing oc cupied by . comparatively, new buildings, and ono whole side given up to the publishing houso of Carrel, Pettor, and Galpin. Neither does Lcadenhidl market contain any longer " The Blue Boar," in whose parlor old Weller assisted Sam in the Composition of his valentine. But the pnblichouse in which tho elder Wcllor waa first introduced to the acquaintance of a dflichtiul wo-.M, 1 run h-;;:py to any, still exists. Mr Pickwick wi s walking up Choapside after, his iiiinWaMeint-wview with Mes.rs Dodson . and Fogv, when he tnr, e;l to Sam and asked wffi ie lie _ could ;.;<t a vluss of -brandy and ' water. " S eimd -court 1 -n the l-igot hand sine.'' vomq t.'.y replied Sam ; "last houeo hut! vuu on tiiq riqht mile of the way,. Take the box us stands iu the first fire- place, 'coa thoroan'fc no log in the middle o' \- the table, which all the others has,' and it's wery inconveniont." Tho house was ap parently under the special.patronage of Btngc- coachmen ; and among a number of gentlemen belonging to that learned profession who wero drinking and smoking in the plainly furnished room, Sam recognised tho "aucient," oth-r- wiee bis respected father. With Sun's direction, of course, I had no difficulty in find ing the 8 pot. It Iff up Freeman's court, nearly opposite Bow Church. Choapride (aot to be confounded with the Court of the same name in Cornhill, where Dndson and Fogg had their offices), a dark little flagged passage, where a man may Btand in the middle and tnuoh the houses on both sides, and the last house but one is " The Burton Coffee Hous V to which the title of (<The Silver Grill " has been added as an appendix. It is a small and tidy establishment, no longer appropriated to coachmen — alas ! there are but few of those interesting persons lingering on this earth — but patronised, I should say, by the common run of clerics and shopkeepers. A respectable- looking woman was taking a drink at the bar when I passed — at half-past ten in the morn ing. I did not go in j oven tho privilege of "the box as stands in tlio first fire- place" would have been but & hollow mockery, since there was no chance of meeting Mr Waller. Another bouse frequented by Old Weller was "The Bull," in Whitcchapel. It was from this inn that he "worked the Ipswich coach." and in its yard he was presented to us in pleasant conversation with Sam, on tho morning when Air Pickwick and his faithful retainer jour neyed down to Ipswich for the purpose of ex posing the falsehoods of Jingle. I r sache-i "The Bull" by a stroll which led me through many famous localities without much deviation from the direct course. I looked in Laadenhall street for the Little Woodou MUlshipm\n, which so long marked tho shop of Sol Gills, tenanted for a time by Captain Cuttle, but, alas! that venerable image (which was really to be seen there only two years ago) has vanished along with nearly all othor features of thn atitiquo street. TJurning out of LeiulsnhaU street, on the left is St. Mary Axe. and here, on tho outskirts of the Jew quarter, I found several grimy houses, with nondescript shops on the ground floor, any one of whio'i may havo been the pattern of the es tablishment of "Pubsey and Co., where Old Itiah made a garden on the root for Jennie Wren and Little Hexam." A short and ding/ Btrcet called Bevis Mark3 crossed St. Mary's Axe. "I intended calling upon you this morning," wrote Dickens to Foster, during the progress of tho Old Curiosity Shop, won mv way back from Bsvis Marks, whither I went to . look at a houso for Sump?on Brass." There are some old houses at one end <»f -the stroet, crowded and put out of countenance by modern places of business, and past theso interesting habitations, haunted by the ghosts of SampBon and Sally, and Dick Swiveller and the Marchioness, I made my way to Aldgate, and so to Whitechapel. Thn broad unlovely thoroughfare begins about a half a mile north of the Tower aud stretching away northeastward cuts through one of tho most squalid quarters of London. As an old avenue of country travel it abounds with quaint taverns. "The Bull" has dentin been somewhat shorn of its ancient proportions. It shows to the street only a narrow front of dark smoke staines house, with a carriage-way to the rear monopo lising tto ground floor, a lamp and a signboard over the entrance, and a portrait of the bull just inside, where it is too dark to distinguish th> features of the eminent animal. But if new hnildings have encroached upon the front, the yards within present their old aspect. They form two complete quadrangles, one opening into the other. In the first are to be found 011 one side the main entrance to the inn, the ba<- and the coffee room ; on the other, the billiard- room and offices. The bed chambers run all around the upper stories. The inner quad rangle, approached like the first by a covered opening, is devoted principally to the stables. " Heads 1 " cried Mr Weller as the coach rat tled onfe of the yard of "The Bull," with Mr Pickwick and Sam aud Peter Mignus 03 out side passengers. They drove up Whitecimpeb .At the beginning ol the Mile End Road an old tavern stands between the sfcreafc and the side walk, the carriage way pi?aineou one side of it, the footway on tho other. This, no doubt, marks the site oi the old toll-gate, , which sug gested the elder Waller's philosophical remark to Mr Pickwick that turnpike keepers were always men who had been disappointed in life. "They shuts themselves up in pikes, partly to revenge themselves on mankind by taking toll." Beyond that point, in Mr Pickwick's day, it was, I suppose, a rustic road ; but far beyond it now ex', ends the crowded district wherein poverty and oysters, (to cite Sim's observation) prevail together "and the cih)b the same," added Weller tho elder, "with pickLd salmon ; of which dulicacy there speir-s to bo an enormous street consumntlon about Whitcchauel and Mile End to this day. — Siutf Corr. JV". Y. Tribune . Those are the best Christians who are more careful to xcform themselves than to censure others. 