pan. - ftliR LETTER HORSE. the month. The self-styled embassy, composed of Mr. Berry and Mr. Pearson, sailed for England by the last mail steamer to seek from- the Colonial-office certain alterations in our con 2 ution, which would enable the Assembly S nan unchecked such laws as the majority might determine. Before going, Mr. Berry indulged in a liberal display of his favourite Suster and braggadocio. Addressing agot uo banquet assemblage, largely composed of hfred deadheads, he talked loudly about "broken heads and houses in flames," the hPflds and houses being, of course, those of his opponents. Indeed, he went much further, and, finding it necessary to «av something toarouBethe rather flagging spirits of his party, he sketched an audacious nolicy of wholesale confiscation which is to he carried out by the help of the Secretary of cfote and at the coBt of the Victorian pro perty-owners. In order that there shaH be no mistake about the plan of Mr. Berry we quote his own words in which he put it before the meeting. He said:— "All my fellow colonists have a right to ask the latest revelation of our minds before ve take this new departure—this great step of going in the name of this great colony o Victoria to ask the Imperial Government to give the people of this colony what they only gave to a section of the colony—to carry out in its true Bpirit that wonderful gift, the grandest gift ever conferred by one people upon another-the land of this colony to be the heritage of the people of this colony. (Loud cheers.) We ask them to review the deed of gift. We do not ask them to give us anything more. We have no quarrel—we can have no quarrel—with the Imperial Government. We are part of the British Empire—(cheers)—and there is no portion of that vast pud wonderful empire more loyal to the traditions, more thoroughly loyal to the Crown, than the people of Victoria. We will ask them to give to the whole people wflat has been usurped by a section, to carry out the real spirit of the gift, and to let the lands of the colony come into the hands of the vast majority of the people." It is hardly necessary to point out to the English reader that the land which Mr. Berry seeks to dis tribute among the vast majority of the people has been regularly bought and paid for under laws passed and upon termB fixed by what is called the " Liberal" party, thatmuchofithas passed by purchase into second and third hands, and that at the present time there is a very large quantity of waste land unalien ated from the Crown, open to the selection of any one who chooses to go and utilise it. In these conditions the Premier of the colony ventures to broach this infamous scheme of confiscation and redistribution, and puts it forward as warrant and justification for the demand he is making on the Imperial Government to amend our constitution by making the Lower Honse, the offspring of universal suffrage, not only the supreme but the sole and absolute authority. The appeal thus made to the predatory in stincts of the populace has been cordially re sponded to by its organs. A Melbourne journal, in the interests of the Ministry, thus accepts and endorses the policy of confiscation put forward by Mr. Berry:—" No theorising is necessary to prove to the people that the large estates were swallowing up the Bmall, and that a country in which cattle and sheep displaced men and women could never reach beyond a certain stunted prosperity. The evidence was presented to them in a way that they could not help seeing it, and the re sult of this evidence is the land tax that was so laboriously wrung from the representatives of the territorial interest: That tax \yaa no toriously only a half-measure; it was the outcome of a compromise; and, in order to make it serve the purpose that it was intended to serve, it requires to be readjusted. A re adjustment of the kmd that is wanted is im possible, however, while the representatives of the territorial interest possess the power of rejecting taxing bills; and thus by a strictly logical process of reasoning we are brought face to face with the necessity of solving the problem of reform as a condition antecedent to dealing with the malignant cancer of land monopoly." The perusal of these extracts will do more to instructont English readers as to the causes of our difficulties than the most laborious study of the relations and powers of our two Houses of Legislature, theic privileges in regard to money bills, and so on. These are the mere pretexts of the party of revolution, but when the party unveils its real motive, as in the passages quoted, that motive is seen to be plunder, pure and simple. Mr. Berry in vites hiB party to back him up in the attempt to distribute the landed properties which the state haB once sold at its own price among the " great majority of the people," and the organ which professes to especially speak the mind and feeliug of the people applauds the enterprise, and pours abuse on all venturing to oppose it This object, Mr. Berry says, is to be realised by " broken heads aud houses in flames." Professor Pearson talkp in cold blooded, pedantic tones about martial law and military execution; and several of the Ministers, after their respective fashions, apeak in a similar strain of unscrupulous violence. And it is on behalf of a policy which iB undistinguishable from the bush ranger's demand, " Your money or your life," that the aid of the Imperial Government is invited to destroy the last remaining checks on the rule of mob law and communism. We have little to notice of more recent politics. Sinoe the departure of Mr. Berry the nonentities whom he has placed over the different departments have shown little activity, and mattere have been allowed to go on in comparative quiet The revenue returns recently published do not place 2® UB B v«ry encouraging picture. The revenue received during the first half of the year fell £122,801 below Mr. Beny's eati mate, and (he expenditure exceeded the revenue by £130,000. It is instructive to observe that although most of the heads of revenue are deficient, the chief deficiency accrues from the revenue from land sales, and is due to the fact that land has not been saleable save at very great sacrifice. The violent and revolutionary acts of the Govern ment in depreciating the value of all the property of the colony has also destroyed for the time the Baleability of the land on which the Government depends for revenue, and the falling off of this item of income is there fore in some Blight degree a measure of the blow the prosperity of the colony has re ceived at the hands of its reckless and un principled rulers. Passing by an easy transition from the Government to the bushrangers we have to report that the efforts of the police have, up to the present time, been ineffective in securing the apprehension of the murderers of the three police constables, who have ever since that deed been lurking in the ranges between Mansfield and Euroa. The only change in the position since last month iB that the police have arrested upwards of 20 persons who are suspected of aiding and harbouring the outlaws, and these now lie in prison awaiting examination. The man Weiberg, who was arrested on the charge of stealing 5,000 sovereigns from the steamship Avoca, and who, after making a confession implicating Mr. Elliston, the chief officer of the ship, succeeded in escaping from the hands of the police, has not since been heard of. We have since learned by tele graph that Elliston, who was arrested in London, has. been discharged. The number of untraced or unpunished crimes in Victoria is a formidable list, and a feeling of intense dissatisfaction with the condition and direc tion of the police force is growing in the mind of the public, and must soon lead to a change of a very radical character. A collision between the barque Seagull and the schooner St Kilda.near Wilson's Promon tory, on December 27, caused the loss of the barque end of one of her crew. Two young explorers, Messrs. Woolley andFarie, of Mel. bourne, have, it is believed, been lost in the bush while searching for new country for pastoral purposes near the boundary of South Australia and Western Australia. All hope of their safety has been abandoned. The marble statues of the Queen, the late Prince Consort, the Prince and Princess of Wales, executed by the late Mr. Summers, scnlptor, to the order of the Hon. W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., were, on January 8, pre sented by that gentleman to the trustees of the National Gallery, in the presence of a number of ladies and gentlemen. His Honour Sir Redmond Barry, chairman of the trustees, made a graceful speech in accepting the donation. Evidence is accumulating of the success of the introduction of the C-liforniau salmon to this colony at the cost and under the personal supervision of Sir Samuel Wilson, M.L.C. As the harvest progresses towards the close, it is becoming clear that the aggregate yield of wheat, oats, and barley Will be small in proportion to the area. Wheats have suf. fered more or less from red rust in nearly every district, and especially in the late dis tricts during the last fortnight. The yields show a wide variation in the same districts, the same farmer having good and bad crops. It is estimated that our wheat yield will be a third less than last year, but it has become evident that the crop of last year was much under-estimated. The shorthorn sales which are held annually in the beginning of Janu ary have shown a great decline in the value of that class of stock. At Messrs. Robert son's sale, at Colac, nine shorthorn stud bu'ls averaged £116 13s.; seven heifers averaged £198 15s. The station-bred stock sold pro portionately better, but still very much below former rates. The total sum rerlised at the sale was £5,481 10s. 6d. A week later (Jan. 10) the Hon. Neil Elack's sole was held at Mount Noorat. The stud stock of this herd has never commanded fancy prices ; the fall consequently has been proportionately less Six stud bu'ls made an average of £93 12a 6d.; nine stud heifers an average of £98; the total result of the sale was £5,733. The Ministerial elections in New South Wales, consequent on the coming in office of the Parkes-cum-Robertson coalition Ad ministration, have resulted in favour of the Government. A commission is ap pointed to superintend the Sydney Inter national Exhibition, and great demands for exhibition space have been received from Europe. Mr. Augustus Morris is appointed secretary. The strike of the seamen of the A.S.N. Company, which, while it lasted, kindled an anti- Chinese agitation throughout all the colonies, has been ended by a com promise, and the men have returned to their work. The company agrees not to employ more than a specified number of Chinese. Although this dispute is ended, it has left a train of labour difficulties which it called into existence. Thus the men of the Bulli Coal Company, who refused to load coal on the ships of the A.S.N. Company during the strike of the seamen, are now locked out by the owners, who will not re employ them unless they engage to quit the union they have lately formed. Sir Hercules Robinson has been qn a visit to Victoria, and has since returned to Sydney. A man namtd James Montgomery has been arrested for committing a very extensive robbery of jewellery from Government-house. The Queensland Parliament has assembled, and His Excellency Sir A. Kennedy read the vice regal speech. This, among other measures, promised a bill to more 'effectually deal ■with Chinese immigration, and intimated that notice to terminate the mail contract would be given to the Torres Struts Mail Com pany, as the rate of speed was insufficient for the requirements of the colony. The Opposition proposed a vote of want of confidence, which was carried by a majority of 32 to 20. Mr. King was unanimously re-elected Speaker. The Queentlander ex pedition across the interior to the trans continents telegraph line, has succeeded in striking Powell's Springs, after experiencing considerable hardships in thelatter days of the journey; all were well. While the volunteer garriBon artillery were firings salute at Bris bane at the opening of Parliament acharge ex ploded while being rammed home, and two gunners were killed. Considerable disap pointment was felt in South Australia at the low price obtained for the loan. An agent has been sent to California to procure dia mond drills for boring artesian wells in the north and north • western country. There is no news of note from Tasmania Bince the appointment of the Crowther Ministry and the adjournment for the holi days. The Main Line Railway Company has commenced an action against the Govern ment for £28,000 claimed as balance due for arrears of interest and damages. From New Zealand we learn that the late speech of the Premier, Sir George Grey, at Grahamstown, has occasioned great disappointment and dissatisfaction among his followers, owing to its deficiency of a sane and coherent policy. The Hon. T. H. Bartley, at one time Speaker of the Legislative Council, is dead, aged 81 years. An anti- Chinese outbreak, supported by roughs and larrikins, took place at Dunedin on New Year's Day. The charges preferred by Mr. Barton, barrister-at-law, against the judges of -the Supreme Court are declared by the Government, after due in vestigation, to be wholly destitute of founda tion. According to latest accounts we get from New Caledonia the rebellion is virtually over, the insurgents being starved out and crushed. Horrible acts of cannibalism took place during the hostilities. A large number of wounded rebels have perished in their caves, and whole tribes which surrendered have been transported across to the Isle of Pines. Effectual means are to be adopted to prevent any danger of insurrection in the future. Since the last mail left, the sporting world haS been busy indeed. In addition to nu merous meetings of a minor character, we have had important gatherings at Hawkes bury, Randwick, and Flemington. At the , first-named place, the Hawkesbury Racing | Club held its midsummer meeting, and it passed off very successfully, though, unfor tunately, in the principal race of the day, the Hawkesbury Handicap, Melbourne, who came in first, was disqualified in con sequence of having gone on the wrong side of a post. It was haru lines for his owner who had brought the fine old son of Panic all the way from Queensland to contest the race. Mr. A. Cornwell's Auckland, a very gay de ceiver, came.in second, and was awarded the stakes. Mr. A. Loder's The Abbess won the Maiden Plate, Mr. Trimble's Baronet the Sapling Stakes, Mr. T. Ivory's The Judge the Prince of Wales Stakes, and Mr. S. Knight's Linwood the Members' Purse. On the same day a very pleasant meeting took place at Williamstown, on a very pretty little course by the Bea, and, notwithstanding a great number of counter-attractions, there was a large attendance. At Pleasant Creek, too, there was an excellent country meeting, but the most interesting r6mion of the/ Christmas and New Year time was that! of the Victoria Racing Club, held at Fleming-} ton. There was a fairly numerous assemblage, and amongst the visitors was the English team of cricketers at present on a visit to this country. The Champion Stakes, to which the V.R.C. contributes 1,500 so vs., was the chief dish in the bill of hire, and it attracted a field of nine. Vulcan, in Mr. De Mestre's stable, was the favourite, but the w inner turned up in Mr. Johnson-Boe's colt Wellington, who won easily by eight or ten lengths—leading by six or seven lengths at the distance, and drawing still further away as they approached the post. Mr. James Peterson's Warlock beat Mr. E. JeMett's Bos. worth a head for second honours. The best race of the day was the Two-year-old Stakes) for which some seven or eight young ones finished heads and tails, the wirner, South Hamilton, just getting home in the last stride, and winning by a head. The winner is the property of Mr. James Wilson, by whom the colt was bred at St. Albau's. He is by King of the Ring from the famous old mare Musidora. Mr. J. Coughlin's Pioneer won the Hurdle Race. The £100 Plate fell an easy prey to Aconite, who came out directly afterwards and just as easily appro priated the Midsummer Handicap. Mr. M. Loughlin's champion Bteeplcchaser, Loue Hand, surpassed all his previous triumphs by carrying 13st. 61b. and cantering home for the Steeplechase, giving his opponents from Sat 21b. to tot. 61b. It was a great perform ance, and the grand grey was deservedly cheered when be returned to the enclosure. The last race of the day was the Three-year old Handicap, which fell to Tidal Wave, a son of that gallant Tim Whi flier who was the best cup horse of his time in old England. Tattersall'B Club, of Sydney, cele brated their annual meeting on New Year's Day also, the great event, Tattersall'a Cup, with 500 sovs. added, being won by Mr. S. Bradbury's Burwood, who won all the way, never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance. The winner is an aged son of Ynttendon, and carried but 6st. 2lb. Mr. T Ivory's Sweetmeat, also by Yattendon, woii the Maiden Plate, Mr. A. Forrester's Gipsy Cooper the Produce Stakes, and Mr. E. Terry's Fearnought the Steeplechase, the Free Handicap going to Hubert. Cricketera have been quite as busy as racing men during the month, several im portant matches haying been decided since the last mail left. Lord Harris's Eleven com. menced a mateh against Fifteen of Victoria, on the M.C.C. Ground, on Boxing Day. The local team was nothing like the strongest that could have been got together, B. B. Cooper and other good players being left out, and Woolf, Majof, Moule, and M'Crimmon, four Melbourne 'University' men, were away at Sydney playing against the University of the stater colony. Still, they put together 813 in their first venture, Mr. Donald Camp bell, who when quite a lad was -one of the Victorian Eleven, and subsequently when he went to Oxford was at once elected a member of the University Eleven, scoring 128 without giving a chance, and was unfortunately run out just before the close of the innings. Several other players got into double figures. The Englishmen topped their adversaries' score by 18 runs, the total reaching 33L Mr. A. P. Lucas played a fine innings for 90, when he was splendidly caught at point by Mr. C. • Allee. Mr. V. Royle was the next highest scorer with 78, though he should have been easily caught before he scored half the number. Ulyett (34) and Emmett (26) were the other most successful batsmen, Mr. Hornby scoring 21, Mr. C. Absolom 21, and Mr. A. J. Webbe 20. In the second innings of the Victorians, the wicket having become worn, Ulyett came off, bumping about, and securing eight wickets. The Fifteen, how ever, scored 214, and the Eleven would have had 197 to get to win, by no means a cer tainty on the wicket. While the Englishmen were playing in Melbourne, the Australian Eleven were opposing eighteen of South Aus tralia, and as the wicket was not a true one, "our boys" suffered a defeat. The totals were—for South Australia, 115 and 59; and for the Australians, 88 and 66\. This defeat gave the friends of Lord Harris's eleven confidence; and in the match England v. the Australian Eleven all the money at 6 to 4 on the latter was readily accepted, the takers evidently forgetting that the Englishmen had played twelve men when they defeated the South Australians. The ■match commenced on the 2nd January, in the presence of a large concourse of spec tators. The weather was hot and close during the morning, but a change took place, and a shower of rain fell. Lord Harris won the toss, and as the wicket was a good one he elected to go in first, sending in Mr, A P. Lucas to the bowling of Messrs. Spof forth and Allan. Never, perhaps, during their memorable career have the Australians displayed such wonderful command over the br'l, and for the first hour the bowling was such as has never been seen in these colonies. Ulyett was the first to go, being bowled by " the demon," then Messrs. Webbe and Lucas were clean bowled by Mr. Allan, and Mr. Hornby fe'l an easy victim to Mr. Spof forth, who shortly afterwards Becnred three wickets in three balls, Messrs. Royle and Mackinnon being slick bowled, and Emmett caught off him. Lord Harris and Mr. Absolom made a stand, the former playing perfect cricket, and the latter " pulling them all over the shop," Lord Harris scoring 33 be fore he was bowled by Garrett with a beauty, and Mr. Absolom 52 ere A Bannerman made an excellent catch off Boyle ; the total being 113 only. The Australians did not commence well, and as the rain commenced again it was thought the wicket would suit the Eng lish bowlers, and there would be a close match. Mr. Murdoch and C. Bannerman commenced operations for the Australians, and the former was easily caught off Ulyett whenUelwI/wivhedA. The professional got jl5r Tm Ifa-Mai/nr -nruliln^stTle. and seemed or at least a hnncHwid, when he tried a Ifliafck-hpnded gallery hi^ and was bowled by rSpUnett. Mr. Horan/waji caught at the he h«f«»*red 10; but then S^feannerman got to gether; pntWOjM-wrestumps were drawn for the day three of the Australian wickets were down for 95 runs, Mr. Spofforth (who gave an easy chance to Ulyett, who missed it) having scored 35 by dashing play, and Ban nerman 27 by perfect cricket. On the fol lowing day—a very fine one—Mr. Spofforth only increased his score by 4 runs. Then Mr. Garrett joined Caruermpu, who played steadily, while the former quickly rattled up 26 in most brilliant style, when he was given out as caught at the wickets—a very doubt ful decision. Mr. Allan was bowled by Mr. Hoinby with a "grubber," Mr. Boyle got 28 in good Btyle, Mr. Blackbam 6, Mr. Kelly (not in form* and a poor substitute' for Mr. Bailey) 10, and Mr. D. Gregory 12, when Mr. Scbultz bowled Bannerman off his pad, and the innings terminated for 256. The Eng lishmen were quickly at the wickets again, but Messrs. Spofforth and Allan were in grand form. The former bowled Ulyett when he had obtained 14, and Mr. Boyle splendidly caught Mr. Lucas at short- leg off Mr. Allan. Mr. Webbe got h is legbefore the wicket in trying to pull a straight one of Allan's to leg; and Mr. Hornby couldn't look at " the demon," whobowled him with a magnificent ball when he had scored but 2. Lord Harris and Mr. Royle made a stand, but the latter was caught when he had made 18, and Lord Harris was caught off the second ball of the last over of the day, six wickets being down for 103, and all interest in tbe match over. On the third day Mr. Spofiorth bowled Mr. Mackiunon with tbe second ball delivered, and got tbe re maining three wickets also; Mr. Schultz and Emmett, by excellent play, running the score to 160. The Australians were thus left with 18 runs to get to win, and Mr. Mur dock god C. Bannerman TCAffe Sttri iff to do so. They obtained them in three overs, Bannerman getting 15 by the most brilliant bit of batting seen durins the match, and Mr. Murdoch 4. The Australians thus won by ten wickets—a very decisive victory ; and there can be no doubt that the winners were I superior at all points. We must not forget to mention that Mr. J. Blackkam kept wicket in grand style. After a couple of days' rest Lord Harris and his merry men took steamer for Tasmania, where they met and defeated eighteen of Hobart Town by six wickets, Mr. Hornby 61 (not out), and Mr. Lucas 45 (not out) being the principal per formers in each innings. At Launceston they met eighteen of Northern Tasmania, but the latter were batsmen of the weakest descrip tion, and scored only 49 in their first innings and 33 (with six wickets down) in thesecond. the Englishmen getting 212 in their single innings, Mr. F. Perm 53, Lord Harris 33, and Mr. AbBolom 32, being the best scorers. A team of cricketers from New Zealand has also visited us. They defeated the Ballarat and East Melbourne clubs easily, but were most decisively beaten by the M.C.C., South Melbourne, and Bohemian clubs. 