oN - BUTLER'S CATECHISM. NO. III. The little children in Popish schools are taught as ", religion " that there are ; two kinds of sin — mortal and venial ; the one " depriving ;the soul of life ,and bringing to it everlasting death ;" and the other not depriving the soul, of life, but " hurt ing and lessening its love to God." This distinction -is ; supported by a "proof," quoted from the Apocrypha— which never was . inspired scripture— " He that con- temneth small; things shall fall little by iittle." . The quotation is paltry enough ; but . if cliildien can discover a proof in it of the' doctrine of mortal : and venial sin, it:is more than .their seniors are able ;to do. j But the , point which is made of chief importance is this— " The priest can forgive both mortal and venial, sin)" yes, the priest by confession is able to undo all the mischief which sin of the worst kind is ever able to do ! Hence the catechism teaches the children — ""When you fall into mortal or venial sin, go to .confession as fast as you can." What is the moral effect of such a lesson ? To fear the jrriest ; but not to fear sin. Another religious lesson which is taught the children is that " purgatory " — 'the place to which those who die in venial sin go — is a "place of punishment in the other life, where some souls suffer for a time before they can go to heaven." The pas sage to which the children are referred for this doctrine is this — Matt, xii. 32, "Who soever speaketh a word against the Son of Man, it shall be forgiven him ; but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, nor in the world to come." How, here is a striking in stance of how little children are cruelly deceived by wicked Butlers who pretend to give them "religious instruction" and scripture as the grounds of it. The form of the above expressions, seems to insinuate that, " in the world to come some sins are forgiven." What, then, would honest men do, ' in teaching children religion? Why, of course they would turn to Mark iii. 29, where the form of the expression is fully explained — " Hath never forgiveness ;" and to Luke xii. 10, where the expression is explained in the words, "Shall not be forgiven." , Is not: the fraud, then, perfectly plain ? If chil dren would draw from the, words of Matthew the possible thought of forgive ness of some sins in the world to come, is it possible to conceive that they could draw such a notion from .the "words of Mark and Luke " hath never forgive ness," " shall not be. forgiven ?" No ; but it is allowable for the Butlers to cheat the children into Popery, although the clear teaching of Scripture is dead against Popery 1 Well: when the. children are possessed with the notion that there is 'a purgatory, in spite of scripture, the question with the priests is, How to play upon this notion. Yes, and tlie' priests begin to play early upon it with the little children. They are asked, " Who go to purgatory ?" and the answer is taught them— " Those who die in venial sins j arid, those who die in debted to God's justice on account of mortal sin." The. little children are thus taught to believe that "good Christians and members of the Church " are sent to the fire of purgatory ; that they a.ie sent there to satisfy the justice of God ; to make atonement to his justice to "prevent us from relapsing into sin j arid, very often for our / correction !' Such a jumble of nonsense is palmed on the children as " religious education and yet they are told that the souls suffering in purgatory, are relieved by our prayers and good works ! It appears that purgatorial pains ; are necessary j that they satisfy justice ; yet that our good worJcs — that is our money bequests— and purchase of masses for money,— will get off the souls from their necessary pains, and be counted all the same as an atonement to God for his offended goodness! If the trick of all this is not quite apparent to little chil dren, it is surely plain enough to all who have the sense of riper years ! But children are assured that purgatory is true, and . that money masses are good for the suffering souls in it, with this proof taken from the Apocrypha — " It is a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they, may be loosed from their sins." Notice, the passage is apocryphal ' and not scripture ) but it is good enough with, which to impose upon the .children, the false teaching of money masses for the souls in purgatory. ; , Ah ! what . would Popery be without " purgatory 1". Yes, the " communion of saints " means that those who belong to the true Church help each other by their;" good deeds." Certainly. . If the; children have their parents dead ; how effectually .dotheybelpthose parents, if they induce their widowed mother to sell the cow, or part with the: last pound in the house, that -Father Mahoney might pray the soul of the, dead father; out of horrid flames j to buy; repose of soul for it; and to gain for it peace ? , Surely the little dust of this rYprW's money is not ;to be compared with the heavenly rest of the dead father ! . . .. j Such religious teaching is splendidly devised to make children Papists ; but it is plainly very ill-devised to make them "good citizens." The child that accepts it cannot but be devoted to the priest ; but as the priest must have work, and must have pay, there is just such an amount of con demnation of sin here as will take the child to the feet of the priest with his confession and his money ; but there is not that amount to induce the child to : hate sin in the sight of God and for its own sake. For example : " Mortal sin is said to kill the soul ; but the priest is able to forgive mortal sin and to make the soul live. This of course, brings the child to the priest. But then, as confession to a priest, and the endurance of the penances which a priest orders — two pater nosters and three ave niarias, with fasting from meat on Tuesdays, and the payment of one shilling as alms to the Church, are easily got over, while the priest is exalted, there is nothing here to make the child hate sin ; on the contrary, there is every thing here to make the child think little of sin, and even feel comfort in commitingit. And then if this be the effect as to mortal siin, how much more corrupting is the teaching with reference to "venial sins V It is easy to get these pardoned. Of course, the priest is necessary ; but it is easy to go to the priest and get things put straight. For a cart load of venial sins the priest may inflict the penance of six pater nosters and twelve ave marias, and no bacon on Wednesdays and- Sundays,: and half-a-crown as alms to the Church ; .but. what is there in all these inflictions, or in anyone of them, to make the child, have a hatred of sin? Is it not plain that if the venial sins; are very- nice ones, the child begins to learn how to manage them, that they1 may be countenanced and enjoyed with the least amount; of confes sional trouble ? What ample scope too has the child given him for such pleasant manipulation. The mortal sins, for. example, are said to bo "pride, covetousness, lust, anger, gluttony, envy, - and sloth." Truly the list is not very terrible. But there is no; list given of -venial sins..' Therefore all sins outside the above list are venial sins. To.8wear, to tell lies, to steal, to Mil, to profane the Sunday, to slander a heretic, to. burn a heretic's house, to shoot a land lord; to sow sedition, !>o keep: a country in perpetual strife, and :to kill or poison a heretical queen; is & venial sin, it indeed, in some instances, it be not a virtue. This probably is the reason why Popish children tell lies so readily, steal so readily, and with so many convenient excuses ; and why Popish people will take an oath to a falsehood with perfect /coolness, if the falsehood will serve either themselves or the Church. Tlie Popish child is taught that these venial sins are easily got over. The good old priest at St. Mary's is a " deaf priest;" he is a geod old soul ; and the girls and the boys like to go to him ; for he does not strictly ask; many quesa tions, and the penances which lie inflicts' are got over quickly, even in. the twink ling of a bed post ! But if all this religious teaching be bad and f also and practically . corrupting, what shall we say of the villa,ny: which we: next expose. The children are . asked ; in 'this catechism,/' What are: the/ten , command ments ?" and the /answer-.- which they are taught to say omits the "second command ment !" and; then, to make up the number ten, one of the others is divided into two ! The children; are cheated by this impiety. The priests hide away the second command ment. Is there any reason for this reli gious fraud? Oh yes. The reason is very plain; and it slio is the wickedness and conscious guilt of - the priests. The second commandment is — "Thou shalt not; make unto thee any graven image or like ness of anything in heaven, .or earth ;,thou shalt not bow down to them nor, servo, tbern, ic." Now, priests know;quite well ; that even children could not be taught! this commandment without being con-; scious /that : their Popery ; coatradicts it. Therefore tlie priests thought it best riot to trouble the children, with doubts; and .difficulties ! They; thought it safer to suppress; the commandment ! For when stiie children are bowing down , before ; the .graven image of the Virgin, adoring her with ; hyperdulian ..worship, ;and serving: her, how could they understand the second commandment ? Therefore they are not told about the second commandment ! The Church and even the school is full of pictures and images of saints ; and they bow down to every one of them; but if they had learned the second: command ment, how could they do so? Therefore, they are wisely kept from learning the second commandment ! Yes ; but lest at any time afterwards they should happen to see the second commandment and begin to wonder at its contradiction to their Popery, the children are cunningly fore stalled by the catechism, which gives them some instruction about bowing down to images and pictures and relics, — justifying it, while suppressing the commandment to which such instruction alone would apply ! Ah ! Dr. Vauglian, you are wise in your generation. Don't tell; the chil dren anything about the second command ment lest they think ; but tell them that it is light to kneel before images in order to honour the saints whom the images repre sent ! This will satisfy them and make them good Catholics in spite of tine " second commandment." But if this is right, what was the need for the second commandment at all? If the Jews had made a graven image of Moses and of David, and of Adam and of Eve, would it not have been right for them to have kneeled before the images to honour theml But the second commandment forbad them to do so. "Why then should not the second commandment forbid Catholics to kneel before saints to honour them? Dr. Vaughan knows very well that it does forbid them ; but he cares not for that. He wants to make the children good Catholics ; and in order to do this, he finds it necessary to take, away the com mandments of God and put in- their place the miserable orders of his apostate Church. ' - 