NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—D’Arcy Read’s Ghost at the Academy of Music; Geelong Races; meeting of St. Patrick’s Fete Committee, Brophy’s hotel, 8 p.m. The R.M.S.Siam arrived at Queenscliff at 8.40 p.m. yesterday; and startedup through the'Bputh., channel at 19 p.m. She was ;ekpected to Teaph - Hdbson’s'TJay i about'midnight,,/ ,' ,V r ' V ' : ;;J ■'■'The .Midsummer -Meeting, of :the!, Geelong Raping .Club. wiU ' and-be- xontinned' oni- Saturday..,'A: special train Jearing I .‘Ballarat .each'-day., at 10.30 a.m. wilL run ■■ to; the' course, returning jat 7.so‘p.mF 'i. : • !.i TiVA::-..ili;- Mr Thompson, P.M., held an enquiry at the Bird in Hand hotel, Victoria street, touching the death of Mr Hansen, who died suddenly in his own house on the previous day. Mr Hardy was ore- sent on behalf of the deceased gentleman's friends, and from the the evidence adduced it was shown that shortly before his death Mr Hansen, complained to a neighbor, Mrs Daly, of pains in his chest and abdomen, for which she recommended the application of hot fomenations. Discarding this advice, how= ever, as he thought his illness would pass away imme- diately, he declined to seek medical assistance, but soon afterwards, at 10 minutes past 6 o’clock, asked Mrs Daly to go for another neighbor, Mrs Brown. While Mrs Daly was gone on this errand the deceased expired, for on coming back to his house with Mrs Brown, she found him reclining on a sofa quite dead, his arms being crossed over his breast. Dr Marr, who made a post-mortem examination of the body, said that the liver was diseased and very much enlarged, the lungs were somewhat congested, and the heart was loaded with fat. Chiefly to fatty degeneration of the heart the doctor ascribed Mr Hansen’s sudden death, and a verdict was returned accordingly. Wednesday 1 was " the' hottest day f ,ex erienced in BaUafat ,l fqr ;mdre'‘thah a' year, the- maximum heat registered dn, ; ,the. shtide 1 at thej’. survey-office ; being 108;8 deg;; or nearly. 6 deg. more thah' thaV'ot 'Tues day.- ■; The: barometer, stood-.last-.evening ,at 28'420/ 'showing ’ a scarcely ■ perceptible alteration 1 from the reading of-the previous day; ' From- tha “ glais ” in-' -dications'j-a- change! for !tho .‘.better; .can scarcely hji looked for, but still the weather is so erratic' in; Bal-; larat that before this meets'-the ieyes of our readers? atmospheric conditions may be wholly altered.- What with' the sun; the hot wind from : N.N.W., and the smoke from- bush -fires) Wednesday’s weather was a,bout.aa trying and,'wret.ched,as can.bejmagined. ,V;- Another application haa been .tha Minister of Lands ■■ since: the- intended,.'sale'of' frontages to Lydiard street, on the Camp Reserve, was gazetted .to oppose the'sale, with’ the view of having the ground reserved for a museum, but we are not aware ,of the result.of the application. ... : About' mid-day ■; on; .Wednesday the - grass- in the 1 railway reserve at theback of Eml sitreet caught c fiFe)' -and -'burnt briskly ..close: up .to. f .‘tbe j ,ga.rdea / fences, which -were in imminent risk-of taking fire r but for , a passer-by,'jWhp, obtained 'bueketirof water and stayed the further progress of the flames; - ; . The electipn'bf directors' for the BaUaratj Woollen Comj»hj,to6k place j; ,on;,Wednes'day:-at f the'Alfred-.;; hall, uhder’tbe conduct of the scrutineere jappbinted at the "meeting on the.-previous • nigKt.V The polling was from 2‘p.m. to 1 9‘ p.m., and was married on, quietly throughput, the, result, beihg'aa James Kassel!,- ,11,489; ;Wm.; Irwin, I ';,lf, D..’ : Brophy,; 11,127; Joseph Mitchell, 10,477; !T.-!Rosselt'; .1040; Robertßell > ’ , 352; J. Wright, Ballarat; 75; T.’ Stanton, 50. Tbe; first fpuf'were dfeclared:,elected, the first c fwo- being re-elected.: .With regard; tci : the direc tors’., fees it ..was not. made so-cleari.-as. it-might have been in pur'fepbrt of the.half-ya'iriv-meeting on Tuesday - night, wthat the directors' fees' was-' left rin;abeyandei£pr, an indefinite period.— - -- - ... ‘ A very prudent step was taken by Sergeant Carden on Wednesdayjin his capacity of inspector of,nuisances tor the city, in' visiting all the butchering lestablish manta in Sturt street, and a large number df those to the north of the main thoroughfare. At this time of year it is essential! im the 'interests .bf’public health that such places should be carefully inspected, so that ■they shall' hot become a nniaance; : and it is gratifying to .know, that out of the many places visited by Sergeaht Carden; who-was accompanied in his tour by Mr R.-Wynne, one of the,,city,rate collectors, there was only one place used for slaughtering sheep which was found to be at all obnoxious. The stench in this butchery, situated in Dbveton street north, ;and be long: pg-toa person yarned Eltringham, is said I to have 'been abominable, and 'the inspector lost no time in taking out a summons against the man for not keeping his premises clean.' tu * J. An oil.painting by the well-known animal painter Mr F- Wood House, of Melbourne, is'how'on viewTh-Mr Flegeltaub’s window, Cobb's Corner, the subject being the winners of : the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase at the Geelong winter meeting in July last. Mr P. C.' Qoydar’s b c Sussex, the winner of the Hurdle Race,’ and Mr H, Orr’abrg.-Postboy, the-winner of tho : Steeplechase,; are drawn, and on one of the Horses the jockey‘Rowe; 5 who ,wonjthe double, is represented as being mounted. We under stand that a few of Mr Orr’s friends have subscribed-; fpr'the pamting'fof presentation to him. 7 1 A company : of aboriginals 1 fromthe Lake Condahi ■ ■ nusaion station, near Portland, will shortly give aeon cert in .Ballarat. ; V.■ fl . l {■? A very impudent theft was committed on Wednes-- day at Snmmerscales’ picture gallery, Sturt street.'; The attendant happened to leave the gallery tor a few moments,-and when he raturned , heffound 'that his silk coat, which he had left hanging oh a rail; was 'missing.' :;, ; ; , . • _;As a-, youth-.was driving''two. ladies r in Bishop, Thornton’s buggy to the railway-station"‘on Wednea day afternbbnj.the horse swerved round .through:; the gates leading into; the railway ’.station.yard too ’ sud-’ denly, and caused thedriver to be thrown from his seas oa to tha rbad.'a knock from a portinantean’ assisting to. deprive.him of his seat on the .box.' The ’horse then-' bolted;''but- was- ultimately stopped! in : the ir rail way,. yard .without, doing'any damage; J The ..driver only received a good-shaking, ■ " ; ; ... Mr 'Wollington.'. thp. proprietor of the' l ,onanibusea*. • Beems r tb ihave.achiaved i;hat!auooesi', in'‘his. enterprise which we prognosticated long ago'would follow such an undertaking; and he has now, we j four more vehicles o£ lighter construction i IS ' at present in use, and which will also have 1 * about them as they move along the street old ones. The latest extension o£ the cheT '“‘"M line is from the Post-office up to the Jim ' hotel, at the corner o£ Doveton and Howard The charge preferred agrinst Mr Acton a * I tary to the Bungareeshire Council, bv’ Mn M of having [ the, provisions o£ the bocal GoVErnmeat'Act'u?^ ! riot having produced certain books belomnn, shire when called upon. to do sofwill be heard ,to M "Burigarie Police Court this afternoon. Wai ttij In consequence of disagreements h.t» ; Constables’Riordm and Boyle, stationed aM) both.haya been removed, the former to the ‘ street, station, and the latter to Windermere ; An ’examihiitioh of. persons desirous oi a «.r« 'I themselves’to teach drawing in State school, aj SHte,-;schbolNt). 33 (Mr Armstrong's] 0 „ w’f s ' l day." Mr Shew, • of 1 Melbourne, conducted nation.and rfourteen.candidates presented the 66os *" thirteen of whom were ’ up for licenses aJ 8 certificate.'' -The result, of- the examination made known in the course of a week or two W r M proceedsto. Sandhuiat .from Ballarat, to hold f ■ examinations in drawing. wittej ‘‘Mi’' J- d l Macaw, ah ’ officer of the jy Department; here,. was Entertained by a Be friends at dinner at, the Adelphi hotel on dight,~ : prior to his leaving for Melbourne- xT Hariot, l ocqupied / the( chair, and with toast and \- pleasantVevenihg was spent. . “ James' Fowler, who is charged with cmW - *2OO while acting as manager of the LondonW 1 - tered. Bank; at'Talbot,-was ; brought before Claxtbh and J’s.P., at the City Court oaSr nesday, and remanded till: Friday for the ptodnrt ■ of;,evidence.' MrPinlayeoh appeared on behalf 2 prisoner, who was admitted to bail in twosur.fejf *200,-and his own recognisance of. the same ' young, girl-, living in Urquhart street died Wednesday from. 1 what .was supposed to be En*i cholera. Dr Holthousa will make a poit-mr' examination of the body this morning, after ’there will be an.inquest.-. ' One of the firm of Anderson Bros, interviewed rJ Minister ofLande this: week with a view to seairl - cbhld be done towards aettlingthe forest disputed* was informed that before; the department coed any further in the matter, an answer Bouldk^ ll to - be given to the Crown Solicitor’s letter cyS’ cqjnpensatiqn fof timber taken by Anderson Broi r blocE u t . Ah You,, a Chinese, was arrested on wamat i Wednesday bn a charge of, perjury alleged to bV been committed at the Eastern Police Court receif s In the aly-grog prosecution insKhw* by the revenue officer against a Chinese storekwru.-1’ BallaraVEastJ A large picnic party, composed principallv dt Wesleyan and other’*Sunday-school children feJ Sabasto£pl, ~apent’a ' pleasant day in the Bobtil Gardens on Wednesday]’though the weather trifle too-hot-’ for allowing indulgence in any enicjii of. a vigorous. nature] • -In consequence of the dm® upon the classes' caused by the picnic, tte’Se&tajc; -State school was closed for the day, .‘f : - iThSfirst regatta that has ever been held,on Li.l Colac will take-place on or- about the 22nd of : a .wpek after the, Melbourne regatta. | ’’A r GippBland:oqrrespondent states that last Sandit b ,whilst,diyinb service was being conducted in a rbom, near Mqtwell, Qippsladd,, a large snake was en ( t between: thefeet of .one of the ladies present {l, I aearph.being made two others were discovered slain,’ ’ail’d’ id: turning 6ver ; the rubbish twelve on were foundJ!JThis s'chbblhouse. must be a nice jbs to send ch'Hdfen to.',’ i ■ .; t. q itWednptogß.ffeejonff Times says“ We lean j 3 j; caS;WelweVe"g«WS.;^4 , P re3 , an extensive hnihh;- ■has been raging; fliia; morning’ near Drysdale, SOO'aores'bf- grass land- having been consumed. Tai 1 ara’those of Mr : Cutbbert and Http iSynnot;,about three miles this side of the townjhif. f. A few, days ago a young man named formerly ’ resided, at; Scarsdale, met with a shocti l accidental; this Irriwillipe saw-mills. It seems hari; ■pnshing i! a.‘log- of- wood;-, when.his hand slipped ci| .came in cpntact'.with tha saw, when two fingers ah f. thumb aiiSVmqfei .thad-hilf of 1 the palm’of tin lei | removed to Hospital. .. The Government has begun the distribution of Ee~ short-sentenced prisoners at Pentridge among c-h country gaols, and within the last two days two par of six men: each have, arrived at Ballarat, ona lot bdvK quartered here and the other sent on to PeiUcfl? where it is intended to Employ, them on the tuoik; works' which aretcontemplated there. •? dur' Smythesdale’correspondent writes:—“lid nesday was; the moat excruciatingly hot day o! i-; : season,-'so: far sis this district is concerned. With;.-, hot wind blowing, ns i£ from a furnace, and bnshfa-> .fiercely.raging arpund’EvErywhere, and sendinglcno ' thick- black columns ot.atnoke.,that almost ohiKS: : , the sun...and gave.it a dim lurid appearance, the is;- denta’in, tKe Smytheadala basin had a hard time cfh .’as they werE-surrounded with bush fires which materially to the.iateuse.heat. The most destmEo of commenced south of the road leadiejt; 5 Carnham,- 'in’; a gully; south-east of the M»r House, ,and- sweeping towards Smythesdale it cnSf* ‘away soma hayatqoks Belonging to Mr Basis" .fencing .belodging.tp.Mr.B. Bott and Mr J. M'feh aad,ibetweea. I and 2 o’clock its destructive be ; heard ;from: the’ township as it approachedttp .’slaughtering-yards of. Messrs Bang and FSeiderer.ct! sevEralhouses thefeaboutai- The fire-bell rang ■dread nbUs,\ and’the, brigade engine and dfofe( mqstored.in fbrcej and armed with bushes costas;-: the-fira between'.the road and a bosh track, vk v , formed a sort’bf triangle, and succeeded in masher its progress on,the eastern side. Westerly, it road directly for Haddon, and the evening', was roaring, rushing, and devastating t' i'bafore it.- -Bang’si slaughher-yarda were saved, ■’the'adjoinmgi premises, by superhuman beaters j presenting all the appearance of real manders. ; A’stackof hayj however, was coMp& but was Insured witk the local agent in theifcr,. ’OffiCe'lfer ’ *so]- the; fencing, too, was : chaned burnt,’'and ’ a ’considerable quantity of it dednpjv A a pig, _the’ property of Mr and a stable and shed belonging b*t • Kerry wera,destroyed.” We learn by telegram yesterday evening the fire was raging all roend -;,. .districtin' a. terrific 5 manner.’. The heat at 1 the ahaide] and-fulmre almanac makes chronicle as.another Black Wednesday. I-.,. . i- The inquest on .the'bp'dyi of Mrs Collins, ; so j mysteriously,; ,was continued on Wednesday,' nothing‘of special importance transpired. .•'it?eL 1 h*BPy. lb hear that marked .imprbvempnt in the health of Mr J. ” He passecLa:good.night,,and was better when left home on Wednesday morning than he has since his illness-commenced. . : : On Saturday evening last an ehtertaininect''-'., given at J tha Mechahics’lnstitute, Sorrento, in a>, - the funds pf’the local church of: St. John’s, , being taken ,by the: Esv. Mr Pearce. kindness of Mrs R S. Anderson and Mrs J. B. ladies;well known ; for, their liberality and fortbej-; ... rest they .take .in the welfare of.the place people, a -very recJeerchi tea was judging’fronXithe-.remarks of those who partook was highly appreciated. After tea, a series 01 _=v . readinge;t recitations, and instrumental gone..through.iby ; ladies and gentlemen ym . Sorrentp.ui A duet : on ;the pianoforte by H. Smith aud-Miss Wilson, and a solo by Jlissiy' -, were.-deserving of all the praise they reeeiw , . some songs by Mrs Pearce, Misses Croaker »»' elicited ;unbounded, applause. Miss Smith v coursed .music on ; the zither, which lence of tone-could not be"surpassed. Somes-- readings, by Messrs Coekburn and Pope, an “ s 'y . tion by 'Master’Prell, completed the • proceedings, terminated at an early hour, the c** departing to their respective homes delight™ auccess.of the evening's entertainment. Thsp i , amounted to‘£l3 0s Bd. . = The South Australian Advertiser^ says:— ■ . now for four'years-pursued an immigrate^. , upon a somewhat extensive scale. la .ported some shiploads of immigrants, of w • 1 adults all-found work; in .1876 thenumoer . into the colony was 7103; in 1877 n ’ t! , cautions, and added, at the expense ot - 5385 -jtp the population; last year there redaction, the Government immigrants 4638.’ 1, During the four years the State *• -. about 20,600.immigraats of. 'the working colony, and the complaint of the of some classes at any rate,-is almost as it was, and wages are higher than before. \ tion -‘of ‘ free immigration was conl ®® a j■ .1 Zealand furnishes similar experience, bn scale. -.That colony has imported four tim f ffl j o! ;t’ ’ vernment enugrants’as wehave, but wnr higher pay there than before this influx s young colony, rich in natural resources, , people with'enterprise to'develop theiih ; , make fresh work, and the’more that co are wanted. •• The command of labor ena cultural settleriand tha manufacturer . operations;., add • the, increase of P°P ~ an impetus; to the building and other tr - :t,vTha,wiU of William Henry Palmar. 0 England; better.known as Heller, the , w Been filed in the Surrogate’aloffioe, No . . !} j! O will-is (we JeariTfrom a Hew Tork_ P S P5 .y;v York; 12th 187,8..: Htf appwnts .n« - p.-- Fannie Gibbs,’of Seven;Oaks, Kant,„ , = taining Scatter his death. He leaves £125 benefit of his !* £125 a year to hie wife Annie while, » year to.Haidee £125 fo . th? e duoat.on ,he remains 8I “S ? BO n. The balance goes to his of £n t Bo ja £or *a» Australia. brother Ang . r n( j a pa id a visit to a rabbit dis- The Minister of hand P 0a the way trict on the buggy literally pursued its ,m Donald to Com* rc^lt i ng rabbits, . which. /« between “ rO J f Q( . h a M e 0 f the'track as ;£ar .aa covered the land o ofc Bly the grass 1 land is'; being the eye StL very .b^,-from eaten bare by the pe q£ tha an j ma ls could be seen the trees. ? r y ges miles .in length.; Cm the .way occupying Ba °“y_ - 5 U p p hed- with guns/had excel-- the party. narrowly escaped serious, lent sport, but > lga o£: hu gun blowing out , injury, ?“ 8 ° , a H e a Uo J complains 1 ;of a deaf-; aa dpaangbi3^it h 9 ofthe discharge, }}[_ ness m one Governor has forwarded to:hur His E *°- e “ of the Bland of ahad-, Majesty King uoog., q{ kindn and .^WBlBlanco.. d r ass of thank 9 £ distressed sailors, notably towards of the Victpnhn barqu^Keda^ the captem an afc cons iderable trduble and , whom ho. had as* . ~. ; , . . .. .. . ; expense to m .: o at' Kilmbre. recently,; A very n^ t ff^ed:B«*t.mtcta»ok,t by which 8 fin ®/jksf r3 Banks Brothers, Bell, and Coy in the employ of 11 *r_ _ , Tha lad was spending bur of Melbourne, 1'» “ g fl£ a £ r iehd, andan’company. holidays at the “ e he wen t out shooting, .and, withothers of i Qte ° t 8 0 £ o ne of bis companions’ by an front the effects of' which about three hours..; .... - T King, MX-A, on Taeaday evening Was pro- medical attendant;, to he m a tnost cdhcal condom gfitli, writes:-i“’lt a moot point whether the Murray .pod hw long bBB “ i; fob are endowed with; leaping “Itsach “ salmon and'other bid worldHe powers sucu triba poSB es9. .An incident oc- Bcnptiona of h J Echaca y,hich entirely clears curred las 88 the matter at rest, for a fish Lto leap several .'bit through ihW air. Xfthenew do kwas being pumped out prepara-, * ?o ita being deepened, a large cod of some 101 b orj v>\h ‘in was observed' to'swim;up;and ap-. 121 b m w § fcho j aner s ide ofthe embankment.! f luTd appear to have told the fish that he! .Instinct: w Pauddenly heleaptright out ofthe ZSS&SSSi;<f Ml; vw men river, where ho was; soon out , of sight, rni!” wmarkable leap was witnessed by, a good many Moole who were emprised no less at the sagacity of SftKt the length of the leap.". , ' | difference of government between* the two • Bi rr c£i- ° £ Victoria and New South the Herald remarks,, “ engender almost an mfi- Srf trouble, and sometimes this trouble assumes a moat ludicrous aspect. For instance, abouttwelve Months ago an attempt was made to arrest the master Tone of the river steamers, who frustrated .the designs of the New South Wales police by running Wsvessel to the Victorian shore and jumping put, reversing the operation when the Victorian . police ppea rSince then a dog either fell off pr.was tnocked from the floor of the new bridge, and m hw raniddescent and consequent violent opneusatonpn• reaching the ground was severely-injured. The. owner a lad who it ■ was alleged had caused the injuries to the canine property by kicking it off the bridge. The trial day came.;op,' and legal assistance was procured. Anent the juris*.. diction of the Moama bench on the matter, a; very knotty legal point was argued, ove* which resulted much hair- splitting. The 'solicitor argued .that,,the dog fell with his two feet in the Murray River, and two legs and his head on the Victorian - bank,'bo that the major portion fallinto Victoria; also'that the river was very high, and the water had; encroached upan Victorian territory, so that the dog actually fell wholly into Victoria, but fell into , a little New South Wales water. The set- off was that although; half ;of the dog might have fallen into Victoria, still the offence was the kicking of the dog, which occurred in New South Wales, and the . wind in the long descent drove the dog partially into Victoria. The evidence was so unsatisfactory that the case was dismissed. : A new phase of trouble about the border has arisen. A number of boys are in the habit el- bathing off the wharves in open daylight, and on Saturday an Echuca •Unstable wished to put a stop to the practice.. '.The n as usual, had procured an old dingyj into which a dozen or so had crowded themselves, and with the aid of a paling they ' paddled about the vicinity of the wharf like so many red Indians in.a, state of nudity. The- constable appearing, the boys went to the New South Wales side of the river, and there they sat, exasperating the constable by inform ing him that he was a Victorian ‘ trap,’.and cbuldjnot' tench them.” ■ It will be remembered (says the Argus I when the notorious Neville attacked in themoatsavaga manner Warder Sheebau, at the Pentridge Stockade, shine, time ago, Carroll, the ex-member of Parliament for Ararat, rendered material assistance.to the.officer, ;who was struggling desperately with his assailant. Carroll appears to have been actuated by no other desire {than to protect Warder Sheehan, and the act was done'in' the presence of a number of other prisoners, which' had a good effect in keeping down insubordination among the discontented. It is stated that; Carroll’s friends intend to bring his conduct under the notice of the Minister of Justice, with a view of getting a mitigation of some portion of his sentence. < The Argus states that the Postmaster-General was engaged until a very late hour on Tuesday night with the permanent officers of the Post and Telegraph de partments, in making arrangements for an important change in the telegraph system. The alterations will especially affect intercolonial telegraphing between Victoria and New South Wales, i T A one-sided match was played on the Eastern Oval on Tuesday last between a second eleven of the 8.C.C.. and an eleven chosen from the Gas Company. The B.C.C. proved themselves victors with -173 runs to spare. The scores were; —B.O.C., one” innings; 242; Qas Company, first innings .69, second innings 60. The highest scorers for the B.C.C. were :—W. Anstis,' 23; Ooode, 71; Conway, 10; Syer, sen., 42; Slater, 19; Ferguson (capt.), 40; and for the Gas Company —Bowman, 13; Laing, 15; Williams, 27; and Thurs ton, not out, 14. j A match will be played on the Eastern Oval on Saturday next, commencing at 11 o’clock, between the first eleven of the Smythesdale C.C. and the second eleven of the 8.C.C., who will be Messrs Bell, Berchervaise, Collins, Cooper, A. Dale, Franklin;' Johnston, Jackson, Garbutt, P. Lewis, and Heogb. D’Arcy Read’s ghost entertainment at the Academy of Music was better attended on Wednesday nigbt than on the previous evening, and this very amusing show promises to have a good run in Ballarat. 