' The Gentleman Upstairs.' r A TBUE STOEY. f WRITTEN' EXPEESBLT vntt. Ttltt nrivivn nunrE^ Once get omu accusea of a crime and people are ready to believe him euilty. Place the most honest and pleas ing face behind these raite and it beoomes a lace that en. jmsseBerew passion, . . « , in the history of tri liunals we often find deliberate false statements, made by umocent persons.' Speech of the Hon. W. B. Dalley, i,fi. m W^ H- Soott' who was hanged at Darlinghnrst, on 17th Match, 1867, for the ' SuBsex-street murder ' It was a cool summer morning, and it was festival time in a certain colonial city. It had been ordained that I should accompany some notabili ties, who were leaving for the country by train, at 5.45 a.m., and I o'clock came before my duties allowed me to quit the office of the jonrnal on which I was employed. I lodged a mile from the office. It was useless under the circumstances to think of going home, so I decided, as was my practice in such coses, to get a bed as near the railway station as possible. But. some of .the hotels were, I found, com pletely shut up, and the few in which light? were still burning and billiard-balls still clicking, were declared by the porters to have so full a complement of visitors that not another shake-down could be arranged. I loitered at the bars to pass the fame, and about 2 o'clock left a well-known hotel with the determination of walk ing until train-time, and making amends on the journey for my sleopless night In the course of my purposeless rambles, I sud aenly perceived a light in the bar of a little publichouse. I resolved to make one moro effort for abed, and accordingly knocked at the side door. The landlord opened it at once, and told me that I could have a bed if I ' didn't mind gharing a bod with a gentleman upstairs.' I was inexpressibly weary, and said, ' I did not mind.*' _ So after I had had a drink at the counter and paid for the accommodation, my obliging host, candle in hand, led the way and left me at the door of the apartment I was to occupy for the few hours following. The face of the gentleman upstairs was, I found, turned towards the wall, and ho seemed to be in a heavy slumber — to be, in bush phrase, ' de»d asleep.' I placed the candle on the little dross ing table under the window, between the beds, and proceeded to wind up my watch. Several Jetters and printed cards, apparently belonging to niy room mate, were at liis side, and inclined vie 'to the conclusion that he was a civil engineer, and that he lived at the place I was about to visit. I blew out the light, and after changing the pillows from the head to the foot of the bed, as is for obvious reasons expedient when one shares a room under such circumstances with an unknown personage in a third-rate public house, I lay down.' listening to the ticking of my watch, trying to count a million, and calling to my aid all the other potent soporifics I could think of. I was unable to hear the breathing of the man opposite, and thought it strange. At last I dozed off and was, seemingly, five minutes afterwards roused by the waiter thundering at the door to awaken one of the lightest of sleepers. ' All right,' said I. ' Train in 20 minutes, sir,' shouted my dis turber. I had only half undressed, and so was ready in -m instant or two. In locking my bag I dropped my keys. I ?stooped to pick them up, and at that moment noticed for the first time a heavy clot of congealed blood upon the bright-coloured drugget. I looked towards the sleeper, who was still in !hc same position— his face to the wall. There was blood oil the mattress — on the sheet — black blood. I put my hand on the forehead of tho man for whoso breathing I had listened. It was -.old. I leant over him, and slightly raised the 6heet _..l*;_l. i..,ir « ? ] i_* i ? i_ i. ? i ? ? i ? «±j*tii. lnni uuM/ifti ins «i;trji uuaru :inu «jis clutched ill his l«ft hand. His throat was cut. A Mack-handled razor, whose fellow lay on the dressing- table, was clasped in his right hand — was almost buried in his vertebra ! What, you ask, did I do? I will tell ' you. I was selfish enough to ' think of niy eelf at once and to forget the dead man, though I was but a foot from the body. Corpses, as corpses and nothing more, were not unfamiliar to me. . . Three years before I liad bought from a German liawkor in the country two tbick-bladed blnck handled razors of the kind employed by bnrbers. These I had used pretty constantly, but after living in the metropolis for a time, my work en iroached even on the minutes set apart for my toilette. I grew careless o£ appearances, like most reporters. I snatched up the razor from the dressing-table, opened it, and stood before the glass as though I were going to shave. If I had for any length of time smoked the game pipe, though it were a smooth clay, I could swear Ip it in the dark by my touch. The compositor's fingers, without the aid of his eyes, know the dif ference between an 'n' and a' c.' The woodcutter knows when h» has hold of the right graver, though his eyes are fixed on his work, and though 20 tools of a similar size may be lying just out of the line of vision circumscribed by his eye-glass. 1 knew I had hold of my razor. I flourished the blade again. Yes, it was my razor. I leant over the body once more, and looked at the instrument which was gripped by Ihe long bony fingers of tho dead man. There was no doubt that the razor in my hand was one of ipair. Then I looked for the maker's name — ' B. H. md Sons.' Great heaven, that was tho brand on uiy razors ! Where wore they ? to the best of my recollection T Vinrl lint cnon t.linm far mrmtlis. '? - I had slept near a corpse — a corpse for which I should have to account — a corpse for which I might — for which I should thereafter be led into tue aock. a corpse oy rea son of which some grinning caricature labelled with my name might one day stand in the waxworks after the fudge » had exhorted me to re pent; uftor my hand had been polluted by the hideous good-bye of the executioner — after my dead organism had been stripped of its clothes by that wild beast called the hangman. These were my first thoughts — thoughts of how the ghosts of men whom I in my heart had called liaj^s as they asked Heaven to witness their innocence would jeer at me during that last dreadful night. I was guilty, w»s I ? yes I was. Of what 'i I did not know, but still I did feel guilty. Once and only once before had great drops of fc cold perspiration run from my brow. I had lit a ? fuse in a 90-foot straight suatt, and on turning I round, found that the rope had boen drawn up. I & called, but my mate did not answer. Then I cut ^B the fuse with my knife close to the tamping, and V stood up in the corner with my face to the rock. W Had the powder burned past the tamping, or had I it not? I If it hod done so, I should not now be writing. ? Then came the clang of the train-bell. Bali ! I what a fool I was to stand looking at the corpse F of a mad man. What did it matter to me if a '.. thousand men cut their throats? I would tell the landlord, but I would nevertheless gp up country and do my work. If I missed the train, the sub editor would be so mad. *— I pulled down tho left sleeve of my jacket ana* held it tightly in my fingers while putting on my great coat. Ugh ! — What was that like jelly on the sleeve f It was blood ! Yes, there was blood on my sleeve; there was, too, a spot on my breast which the microscope might or might not show to be blood. I seized a towel, wet it at the basin, and rubbed the blood off my coat. Then the white towel be came tinted in the gore that my sleevo had taken up while I was leaning over the suicide's body. There was blood everywhere. What had I done ? Why had I touched tho corpse? Why had I not called the landlord? ' A wise man never found a dead man.' But I would still see the landlord and explain everything. I put on my overcoat, took my rug on my arm and went down stairs. ' There was no one in the bar. I stamped my foot and shouted out. Still no one came. I wouW knock at a door marked ' private.' It was, no doubt, the landlord's bedroom. I knocked again and again, but there was po answer, so I turned the handle and found myself in a small parlour, opposite a pier-glass. Oreat God ! What, was that on my white face ? Blood! The brand of Cain ! I was doomed to account for that man's blood. It haunted me. A thousand devile peltei me i$h My -first impulse was to. wet the table-cover and wipe my cheek. I turned round to do so, but the landlord stood before me, and said, ' Halloa! what are you up to ?' My story was a long one. It was an improba ble one. I could not begin it. I only said 1 was weak and ill, and stammered out something about a drink. Then he went with me to the bar and I drank brandy, while that cold body upstairs, which I had regarded ouietlv and at the. dtrht nf ^1,;^ the chambermaid would shriek and throw up her hands and faint, said to me, ' Yon will not speak. I will shout presently.' Ha ! the corpse would ' shout,' would it. How funny 1 Ha! ha! ha! Was I mad ? No. I was a newspaper writer and would go to my work. ' Good morning, land lord.' And I then took my rucr over my arm and went out. How my brain whirled ! The brandy whs bad it was poison. Thank my stars I had taken but one glass. ; ? (tobe concluded to-mobeow.) 