The Storyteller. Vixen.* CHAPTER XIII. BY MISS BRADDON, AUTHORESS OF "AURORA FLOYD," &c.;, &c.; "HE WAS WORTHY TO BE LOVED FOR A LIFETIME." CONRAD WINSTANLEY had come to the New Forest with his mind resolved upon one of two things. He meant to marry Violet Tempest, or her mother. If the case ma quite hopeless with the daughter, he would content himself with winning the lesser prize; and, though Vanity whispered that there was no woman living he might not win for himself if he chose to be suffi ciently patient and penervering, instinct told him that Violet frankly detested him. "After all," argued Worldly Wisdom, "the alternative is not to be despised. The widow is somewhat rococo; an old-fashioned jewel kept in cotton-wool, and brought out on occasions, to shine with a factitious brilliancy ; but she is still pretty. She is ductile, amiable, weak to a degree that promises a husband the sovereign dominion. Why break your heart for this fair devil of a daughter, who looks capable, if offended, of anything in the way. of revenge, from a hone whip to slow poison ? Are a pair of brown eyes and a coronal of red gold hair worth all this wasted passion ?" " But the daughter is the greater catch," urged Ambition. "The dowager's jointure is well enough, and she has the Abbey House and gardens for her life, but Violet will be mistress of the estate when she comes of age. As Violet's husband, your position would be infinitely better than it could be as her stepfather. Unhappily, the cantankerous minx has taken it into her head to dislike you." "Stay," interjected the bland voice of Vanity, " may not this dislike be only an assumption, a mask for some deeper feeling ? There are girls who show their love in that way. Do not be in a hurry to commit yourself to the mother until you have made yourself quite sure about the daughter." Mm. Tempest's dinner- party was a Buccess. It introduced Captain Wiastanley to all that was boat in the surrounding society ; for although in Switzerland he had seemed very familiar with the best people in the Forest, in Hampshire he appeared almost a stranger to them. It was generally admitted, however, that the captain was an acquisition, and a person to be cultivated. He sang a French comic song almost as well as Monsieur de Roseau, recited a short American poem, which nobody had ever read before, with telling force. He was at home upon every sub ject, from orchids to steam-ploughs, from ord nance to light literature. A man who sang so well, talked so well, looked so well, and behaved so well, could not be otherwise than welcome in county society. Before the evening was over, Captain Winstanley had been offered thiee hunters for the next day's run, and had been asked to write in four albums. Violet did not honor him with so much as a look, after the one cold recognition of his first appearance in the drawing- room. It was a party of more than twenty people, and she was able to keep out of his way without obvious avoidance of him. He was Btung, but had no right to be offended. He took Mrs. Scobel in to dinner, and Mrs. Scobel played the accompaniment of his song, being a clever little woman, able to turn her hand to anything. He would have preferred to be told off to some more important matron, but was not sorry to be taken under Mm. Scobel's wing. She would be useful to him, no doubt, in the future ; a social Iris, to fetch and carry for him between Beechdale and the Abbey House. "Do you know that I am quite in love with your Forest," he said to Mrs. Tempest, standing * The right of republiahiug " Vixtra" in Queensland has been puichaaed by the proprietors of tho Qnteiuila)ukr in front of the ottoman where that lady sat with two of her particular friends ; "bo much so that I am actually in treaty for Captain Hawbuck's cottage, and mean to stay here till the eDd of the hunting." Everybody knew Captain Hawbuck's cottage, a verandahed box of a house, on the slope of the bill above Beechdale. " I'm afraid you'll find the drawing-room chimney smoke," said a lady in sea-green ; "poor Mrs. Hawbuck was a martyr to that chimney." " What does a bachelor want with a drawing room ? If there is one sitting-room in which I can burn a good fire, I shall be satisfied. The stable is in very fair order." "The Hawbucks kept a pony-carriage," as sented the sea. green lady. "If Mrs. Hawbuck accepts my offer, 1 shall send for my horses next week," said the captain. Mrs. Tempest blushed. Her life had flowed in bo gentle and placid a current that the fresh ness of her soul had not worn off, and at nine and thirty she was able to blush. There was something bo significant in Captain Winstanley's desire to establish himself at Beechdale that she could not help feeling fluttered by the fact It might be on Violet's account, of course, that he came ; yet Violet and he had never got oa very well together. " Poor fellow 1" she thought blandly, "if he for a moment supposes that anything would tempt me to marry attain, he is egregiously mistaken.' And then she looked round the lovely old room, brightened by a crowd of well-dressed people, and thought that next to being Edward Tempest's wife the best thing in life was to be Edward Tempest's widow. " Dear Edward !" she mused, " how strange that we should miss him so little to-night/ It had been with everyone as if the squire had never lived. Politeness exacted this ignoring of the past, no doubt; but the thing had been so easily done. The noble presence, the jovial laugh, the friendly smiles were gone, and no one seemed conscious of the void—no one but Violet, who looked round the room once when conversa tion was liveliest, with a pale indignant face, re senting this forgetfulnew. " I wish papa's ghost would come in at that door and scare his hollow-hearted friends," she said to herself, and she felt as if it would hardly have been a surprise to her to see the door open slowly and that familiar figure appear. "Well, Violet," Mrs. Tempest said sweetly, when the guest* were gone, " how do you think it all went off?" "It," of course meant the dinner.party. " I suppose, according to the nature of such things, it was all right and proper," Vixen answered coldly ; " but I should think it must have been intensely painful to you, mamma." Mrs. Tempest sighed. She had always a large ■election of sighs in stock, suitable to every oc casion. " I should have felt it much worse if I had sat in my old place," she said, " but sitting at the middle of the table instead of at the end made it leu painful. And I really think it's better style. How did you like the new arrangement of the glasses?" " I didn't notice anything new." "My dear Violet, you are frightfully unobser- Tank" "No, I am not," answered Vixen, quickly. "My eyes are keen enough, believe me." Mrs. Tempest folt uncomfortable. She began to think that) after all, it might be a comfortable thing to have a companion—as a fender between, herself and Violet. A perpetually preseut Miss Jones or Smith would ward off these unpleasant nesses. There are occasions, however, on which a posi tion must be faced boldly—in proverbial phrase, the bull must be taken by the horns. And here, Mrs. Tempest felt, was a bull which must be bo encountered. She knew that her poor little hands were too feeble for the office; but she told herself that ehe must make the heroio attempt. . " Violet, why have you such a rooted dislike to Captain Winstanley ?" " Why is my hair the color it is, mamma, or why are my eyes brown instead of blue ? If you could answer my question, I might be able to answer yours. Nature made me what I am, and nature has implanted a hatred of Captain Win stanley in my mind." " Do you not think it wrong to hate anyone— the very word hate was considered unladylike when I was a girl—without cause ?" " I have cause to hate him, good cause, suffi cient cause. I hate all self-seekers and adven turers." " You have no right to call him one or the other." " Have I not ? What brings him here, but the pursuit of his own interest '( Why does he plant himßelf at our door as if he wcro come to besiege a town ? Do you mean to say, mamma, that you can be bo blind as not to see what he wants ?" " He has come for the hunting." " Yob, but not to hunt our foxos or our stags. He wants a rich wife, mamma. And he thinks that you or I will be foolish enough to marry him." " There would be nothing unnatural in his en tertaining some idea of that kind about you," replied Mrs. Tempeat, with a sudden assertion of matronly pride. " But for him to think of me in that light would be too absurd. I must be some years, perhaps four or five years, his senior, to begin with." " Oh, he would forgive you. that; he would not mind that." " And he ought to know that I should never dream of marrying again." " He ought, if he had any idea of what is right and noble in a woman," answered Vixen. " But he has not. He has no ideas that do not begin and end in himself and his own advantage. He sees you here with a handsome house, a good in come, and he thinks that he can persuade you to marry him." "Violet, you must know that I shall never marry." " 1 hope I <lo know it. But the world ought to know it too. People ought not to be allowed to whisper, and smile, and look significant; as I saw Bouie of thorn do to-night when Captain Winstanley waa hangiug over your chair. You oupht not to encourage him, mamma. It is a treason against my father to have that man here." Here was v bull that required prompt and severe handling, but Mrs. Tempest felt her powers inadequate to the effort. "I am surprised at you, Violet!" she ex claimed ; "as if I did nut know as well aB you, what is due to my poor Edward ; as if I should do anything to compromise my own dignity. Is it to encourage a man to ask him to a dinner party, when be happens to be visiting in the neighborhood ? Can I forbid Captain Winstanley to take the Hawbucks' cottage ?" "No, you have gone too far already. You gave him too much encouragement in Switzer land and at Brighton. He has attached himself to us like a limpet to a rock. You will not easily get rid of him ; unless you let him see that you understand and depise him." " I see nothing despicable in him, and I am not going to insult him at your bidding," answered the widow, tremulous with anger. " I do not believe him to bo a schemer or an adven turer. He is a gentleman by birth, education, and profession. It is a supreme insolence on your part to speak of him as you do. What can you know of the world? How can you judge and measure a man like Captain Win* Stanley, a girl like you, hardly out of the nursery ? It is too absurd. And understand at at once and for ever, Violet, that I will not be hectored or lectured in this manner, that I will not be dictated to, or taught what is good taste, in my own house. This is to be my own houße, you know, a» long as I live." " Yes, unless you give it a new master," said Violet gravely. " Forgive me if I have been too vehement, mamma. It is my love that is. bold. Whom have I in this world to love now, except you ? And when I Bee you in danger—when I see the softness of your nature Dear mother, there are some instincte that are stronger than reason. There are some antipathies which are implanted in us for warnings. Remember what a happy life you led with my dear father—hl» goodness, his overflowing generosity, his noble heart There is no man worthy to succeed him, to live in his house. Dear mother, for pity'B sake She was kneeling at her mother's feet, clinging to her hands, her voice half choked with sods. Mrs. Tempest began to cry too. " My dearest Violet, how can you be so foolish ? My love, don't ory. I tell you that I shall never marry again—never. Not if I were asked to be come a countess. My heart is true to your dear father; it always will be. lam almost sorry that I consented to these scarlet bows on my dr«ss, but the feather trimming looked so heavy without them, aud Theodore's eye for color is perfeot. My dear child, be assured I shall carry his image to my grave." " Dear mother, that is all I ask. Be as happy as you can; but be true to him. He was worthy to be loved for a lifetime ; not to be put off with half a life, half v heart" Chatter XIV. LADY SOUTHMINSTER'S BALL. Captain Winbtahle y closed with Mrs. Hawbuck for the pretty little verandah-surrounded cottage on the slope of the hill above Beechdale. Cap tain Hawbuck, a retired naval man, to whom the place had been very dear, was in his grave, and hit wife was anxiouß to try if she and her hungry children oould not live on less money in Belgium th»n they oould in England. The good old poßt oaptain had improved and beautified the place from a farm-laborer's cottage into a habitation which was the quintessence of pioturesque incon venience. Ceilings which you could touch with your hand ; funny little fire-places in angles of the rooms; a corkscrew staircase, which a stronger ascended or descended at peril of life or limb; no kitchen worth mentioning, and stuffy little bedrooms under the thatch. Seen from the outside the cottage was charming; and if the captain and his family could only have lived over the way, and looked at it, they would have had full value for the money invested in its improve ment. Small as the rooms were, and despite that dark slander which hung over the chimneys, Captain Winstanley declared that th« cottage would suit him admirably. " I like the situation," he said, discussing his bargain ia the coffee-room at the Crown, Lynd hurst " I should rather think you did !" cried Mr. Bell, the local surgeon. " Suits you down to the ground, doesn't it ?" Whereby it will be seen that there was already a certain opinion in the neighborhood as to the captain's motive for planting himself at Beech dale—so acute La a quiet little community of this kind in divining the intentions of a stranger. Captain Winstanley took up his quarters at Beechdale Cottage in less than a week after Mrs. Tempest's dinner- party. He sent for his rrorses, and began the business of hunting in real earnest. His two hunters were unanimously pronounced screws : but it is astonishing how woll a good rider can get across country on a horse which other people call a screw. Nobody could deny Captain Winstanloy's merits as a horseman. His costume and appointments had nil the finish of Melton Mowbray, and he was always in the first flight. Before he had occupied Captain Hawbuck's cottage a month the newcomer had made friends for himself in all directions. He was aa much at home in the Forest as if he had been native and to the manner born. His straight riding, his good looks, and agrocable mtiunera won him everybodj'B approval. There was nothing dis sipated or bohemiau about him. His clothes nevor smelt of stale tobacco. He was as punctual at church every Sunday morning as if he had been a family man, bound to set a good example. He subscribed liberally to the hounds, and was always ready with those stray florins and half crowns by which a man purchases a cheap popu larity among the horse-holding and ragged-fol lower clans. Having distinctly assorted her intention of re maining a widow to Violet, Mrs. Tempest allowed herself the privilege of being civil to Captain WiuHtauley. He dropped in at afternoon tea at least twice a week ; ho dined at the Abbey House whenever the Scobolß or any other intimate frieuda were there "in a quiet way." He gene rally escorted Mrs. Tempest and her daughter from church on a Sunday moruing, Violet persis tently loitering twenty yurdu or bo behind them on the narrow woodland path that led from Beechdale to the Abbey House. After walking home from church with Mrs. Tempest, it was only natural that the captain should stop to luncheon, and after luncheon— the Sabbath afternoon being, in a manner, a legitimate occasion for dawdling—it was natural enough for him to linger, looking at the gardens and greenhouses, or talking beside the drawing room fire, till the appearance of the spitfire Queen Anne teakettle and Mrs. Tempest's infusion of orange pekoe. Sometimes the Scobels were present at these Sunday luncheons, f>ometimes not. Violet was with her mother, of course, on these occasions, but, while bodily present, she contrived to main taiu an attitude of aloofness which would have driven a leas resolute man than Conrad Win stanley to absent himself. A man more sensitive to the opinions of others could hardly have existed in such an atmosphere of dislike; but Captain Winstanley meant to live down Miss Tempest's aversion, or to give her double cause for hating him. " Why hare you givan up hunting, Miss Tem pest ?" he asked one Sunday afternoon, when they had gone the round of the stables, and Arion had been fondled and admired—a horse as gentle as a dog in his stable, as fiery as a wild •at out of it ... " Because I have no one I care to hunt with, now papa is gone." "But here in ths Forest, where everybody knows you, where you might havo as many fathers as the Daughter of the Regiment " " Yes, I have many kind friends. But there is not one who could fill my father's place—for an hour." . 11 It is a pity," Baid the captain Bympatheti cally. " You were bo fond of hunting, were you not V " Passionately." " Then it is a shame you should forego the pleasure. And you must find it very dull, I should think, riding alone in the forest." " Alone ! I have my horse." •' Surely he does not count as a companion." " Indeed he does. I wish for no better com pany than Arion, now papa is gone." " Violet is so eccentric I" Mrs. Tempest mur. mured gently. Captain Winstanley had taken Mrs. Hawbuck's cottage till the Ist of May. The end of April would Bee the last of the hunting, so this arrange ment seemed natural enough. He hunted in good Mrnest There was no pretence about him. It was only the extra knowing ones, the little knot of choice spirits at the Crown, who saw some deeper motive than a mere love of sport for his residence at Beechdale. These advanced minds had contrived to find out all about Cap tain Winstanley by this time—the date of his selling out, hiß ostensible and hidden reasons for leaving the army, the amount of his debts, and the general complexion of his character. There was not much to be advanced against him. No dark stories ; only a leading notion that he was a man who wanted to improve his fortunes, and would not be over-scrupulous as to the means. But, as your over-scrupulous man it one in a thousand, this was ranking Captain Winstanley with the majority. The winter was over; there were primroses peeping out of the boobs and brambles, and a shy little violet shining like a blue eye here and there. The flaunting daffodils were yellow in every glade, and the gummy chestnut buds were beginning to swelL It was mid-March, and as yet there had been no announcement of home coming from Roderick Vawdrey orthe Dovedales. The duke was said to have taken a fanoy to the Roman style of fox-hunting; Lady Mabel was studying art; the duchess was suspected of a leaning to Romanism ; and Roderick was dancing attendance upon the family generally. " Why should he not stay there with them I" said Mr. Scobel, sipping his pekoe in a comfort able little circle of gossipera round Mrs. Tempest's gipßy-table. "He has very little else to do with his life. He is a young mnn utterly without views or purpose. He has no mission. I have sounded him, and found him full of a shallow good-nature. He would build a church if people asked him, and hardly know, when it whs finished, whether he meant it for Jews or Gentiles." Vixen sat in her corner and said nothing. It amused her rather—with a half bitter sense of amusement—to hear them talk about Roderick. He had quite gone out of her life. It interested her to know what people thought of him in hiß new world. " If the duke doesn't bring them all home very Boon the duchess will go over," said Mrs. Scobel, with conviction. " She has been drifting that way for ever so long. Ignatius isn't high enough for her." The Reverend Ignatius sighed. He hardly b*w his way to ascending any higher. It was in this month of March that an event impended which cauned a considerable flutter among the d&ucing; population of the Forest. Lady Almirn, ltingwood was to marry Sir Ponto Jones, the rich ironmaster—an alliance of ancient aristocracy and modem wealth which was con sidered one of the grandest achievements of the nge, like the discovery of steam or the electric telegraph ; and after the marriage, which was to be quietly performed in the presence of about a hundred and fifty blood relations, there was to be a ball, to which all the county families were bidden, with very little more distinction or favoritism than iv the good old fairy-tale times, when tho king's herald wenf through the Btreets of the city to invite everybody, and ouly somo stray Ciuderelln, cleaning boots and knives in a black kitchen, found herself unintentionally ex cluded. Lady Southminster drew the line at county families, naturally, but her kindly feelings allowed a wide rxargin for pardons, doctors, aud military men—and among these last Captain Winstanley received a card. Mrs. Scobel declared that this ball would be a grand thing for Violet. "You have never properly come out, you know, dear," uhe mud ; " but at Southminster you will be seen by every body, aud, its I daresay Lady Ellangowan will take you under her wing, you'll be seen to the best advantage." " Do you think Lady Ellangowan's wing will make any difference—iv me ?" enquired Vixeu. '• It will make a gTeat deal of difference iv the Soutuniiuatar bet," replied Mrs. Scobel, who considered herself an authority upon all social matters. She was a busy good-natured little woman, the chosen confidante of all her female friends. People were always appealing to her on small social questions, what they ought to do or to wear on such and such an occasion. She knew the wardrobe of her friends as well as she did her own. " I Buppoee you'll wear that lovely pink," she would say when discussing an im pending dinner-party. She gave judicious assist ance in the composition of a menu. "My love, everyone *has pheasants at this time of year. Ask your poulterer to send you guinea-fowls, they are more dittingua,'' Bhe would suggest. Or : " If you have dessert ices, let me recommend you coffecream. We had it last week at Ellan gowan Park." Vixen made no objection to the Southminster ball. She was young, and fond of waltzing. Whirling easily round to the awing of some German melody, in a great room garlanded with flowers, was a temporary cessation of all earthly care, which was in no wise unpleasant to her. She had enjoyed her waltzes even at that charity ball at the Pavilion, to which she had gone so unwillingly. The March night was fine, but blustery, when Mrs. Tempest and her daughter started for the Southminster balL The stars were shining in a windy Bky, the tall forest trees were tossing their heads, the brambles were shivering, and a Bhrill shriek came up out of the woodland every now and then, like a human cry for help. Mrs. Tempest had offered to take Mrs. Scobel and Captain Winstanley in her roomy carriage. Mr. Scobel was not going to the ball; all such entertainments were an abhorrence to him ; but this particular ball, being given in Lent, was more especially abhorrent. " I shouldn't think of going for my own amuse ment," Mrs. Scobel told her husband, " but I want to see Voilet Tempest at her first local ball. I want to see the impression she makes; I believe she will be the belle of the ball." " That would mean the belle of South Hants," said the parson. " She has a beautiful face fora painted window—there is such a glow of color." " She is absolutely lovely, when she likes," re plied his wife ; " but she has a curious temper ; and there is something very repellent about her when she does not like people. Strange, is it not, that she should not like Captain Winstanley ?" " She would be a very noble girl under more spiritual influences," sighed the Reverend Igna tius. " Her present surroundings are appallingly earthly. Hones, dogs, a table loaded with meat in Lent and Advent, a total ignoring of daily matins and evensong. It is sad to see those we like treading the broad path so blindly. I feel sorry, Juliana, that you should go to this ball." " It is only on Violet's account," repeated Mrs. Scobel. "•Mrs. Tempest will be thinking of nothing but her dress; there will be nobody in* tereated in that poor girl." " Urged thus, upon purely benevolent grounds, Mr. Scobel could not withhold his consent, more especially as he had acquired the habit of letting his wife do as she liked on most occasions—a marital custom not easily broken through. So Mrs. Scobel, who was an economical little woman, " did up " her silver-grey silk dinner-dress with ten shillings' worth of black tulle and pink rose buds, and felt she had made a success that Madame Elise might have approved. Her faith in the silver-gray and rosebuds was just a little shaken by her first view of Mrs. Tempest and Violet; the widow in black velvet, rose-point, and scarlet—Spanish as a portrait by Velasquez; Violet in black and gold, with white camellias in her hair. The drive was a long one, well over ten miles, along one of those splendid straight roads which distinguish the New Forest. Mrs. Tempest and Mrs. Scobel were in high spirits, and prattled agreeably all the way, only giving Captain Win stanley time to get a word in edgeways now and then. Violet looked out of the window and held her peace. There was always a charm for her in that dark silent forest, those waving branches and flitting clouds, stars gleaming like lights on a stormy sea. She was not much elated at the idea of the ball, and " that small, small, imper ceptibly small talk" of her mother's and Mrs. Scobel's was beyond measure wearisome to her. " I hope we shall get there after the Elian gowans," said Mrs. Scobel, when they had driven through the little town of Ringwood, and were entering a land of level pastures and fertilising streams, which seemed wonderfully tame after the undulating forest; "it would be so much nicer for Violet to be ia the Ellangowan set from the first." " I beg to state that Miss Tempest has promised me the first waltz," said Captain Winßtanley. " I am not going to be ousted by any offshoot of nobility in Lady Ellangowan's set." ''Oh, of course, if Violet has promised What a lot of carriages ! I'm afraid there'll be a block presently." There was every prospect of such a calamity. A confluence of vehicles had poured into a narrow lane bounded on one side by & treacherous water meadow, on the other by a garden-wall. They all came to a standstill, as Mrs. Scobel had prophe sied. For a quarter of an hour there was no pro greas whatever and a good deal of recrimination among coachmen, and then the rest of the journey had to be done at a walking pace. The reward was worth the labor, when at the end of a long winding drive the carriage drew up before the Italian front of Southminster House; a white marble portico, long rows of tall windows brilliantly lighted, a vista of flowers, and statues, and lamps, and pictures, and velvet hangings, seen through the open doorway. " Oh, it is beautiful!" cried Violet, fresh as a schoolgirl in this new delight; " first the dark forest and then a house like this—it is like Fairy land." " And you are to be the queen of it—my queen I" said Conrad Winstanley in a low voice. " 1 am to have the first waltz, remember that. If the Prince of Waleß were my rival I would not give way." He detained her hand in his as she alighted from the carriage. She snatched it from him angrily. " I havo a good mind not to dance at all," she Raid. " Why not ?" " It is paying too dearly for the pleaauro to be obliged to dance with you." " In what Bchool did you learn politeness, Miss Tempest ?" 41 If politeness means civility to people I des pise, I have never learnt it," answered Vixen. There was no time for further skirmishing. He had taken her cloak from her and handed it to the attendant nymph, and received a ticket; and now they were drifting into the tea-room, where a row of ministering footmen were looking at the guests across a barricade of urns and teapots, with countenances that seemed to say : " If you want anything, you must ask for it. We are here under protest, and we very much wonder how our people could ever have invited such rabble !" " I always feel small in a tea-room when there are only men in attendance," whispered Mrs. Scobel, " they are bo haughty. I would sooner ask Gladstone or Disraeli to pour me out a cap of tea than one of those supercilious creatures." Lady Southminster was stationed in the Teniers room—a small apartment at the begin ning of the Buite which ended in the picture gallery, or ball-room. She was what Joe Gargery called "a fine figure of a woman," in ruby velvet and diamonds, and received her guests with an indiscriminating cordiality which went far to heal the gaping wounds of county politics. The Ellangowans had arrived, and Lady Ellan gowan, who was full of good-nature, was quite ready to take Violet under her wing when Mrs. Scobel suggested that operation. " I can find her any.number of partners," she said. "Oh, there she goes—off already—with Captain Winstanley." The captain had lost no time in exacting his waltz. It was the third on the programme, and the band were beginning to warm to their work. They were playing a waltz by Offenbach —Leß Traineaux—with an accompaniment of jingling sleigh-bells —music that had an almost madden ing effect on spirits already exhilarated. The long lofty picture-gallery made a magnifi cent ball-room —a polished floor of dark wood, a narrow line of light under the projecting cornice, the famous Paul Veronese, the world-renowned Rubens, the adorable Titian—ideal beauty look ing down with art's eternal tranquillity upon the whisk and whirl of actual life—here a calm Madonna, contemplating, with deep unfathom able eyes, these brief ephemera of a night—there Judith with a white muscular arm holding the tyrant'B head aloft above the dancers—yonder Philip of Spain frowning on this Lenten festival. Violet and Captain Winstanley waltzed in a stern silence. She was vexed with herself for her loss of temper just now. In his breast there was a deeper anger. When would his day come ? he asked himßelf. When would he be able to bow this proud head, to bend this stubbon will ? It must be soon—he was tired of playing his sub missive part—tired of holding his cards hidden. They held on to the end of the waltz—the last clash of the sleigh-bells. " Who's that girl in black and gold ?" asked a guardsman of Lady Ellangowan ; "those two are the best dancers in the room—it's a thousand to nothing on them." That final clash of the bells brought the captain and his partner to anohor at the end of the gallery, which opened through an archway into a semi- circular palm-house. In the middle of this archway, looking at the dancers, stood a figure at sight of which Violet Tempest's heart gave a great leap, and th«n stood still. It was Roderick Vawdrey. He was standing alone, listlessly contemplating the ball-room, with much less life and expression in his face than there was in the pictured faces on the walls. " That was a very nice waltz ; thanks," said Vixen, giving the captain a little curtsey. "Shall I take you back to Mrs. Tempest I" Roderick had seen her by this time, and was coming towards her with a singularly grave and distant countenance, Bhe thought; not at all the Rorie of old times. But of course that was over and done with. 3he must never call him Rorie any more, not even in her own thoughts. A sharp sudden memory thrilled her, as they stood face to face in that brilliant gallery—the memory of their last meeting in the darkened room on the day of her father's funeral. "How do you do?" said Roderick, with a gush of originality. " Your mamma is here I suppose." " Haven't you seen her ?" " No ; we've only just come." "We," no doubt meant the Dovedale party, of which Mr. Vawdrey was henceforth a part. " I did not know you were to be here, or even that you were in England." "We only came home yesterday, or I should have called at the Abbey House. We have been coming home, or talking about it, for the last three weeks. A few days ago the duchess took it into her head that she ought to be at Lady Almira'B wedding—there's some kind of relation ship, you know, between the Ashbournes and the Southminstera—so we put on a spurt, and here we are." " I am very glad," Baid Vixen, not knowing very well what to say ; and then seeing Captain Winstanley standing stiffly at her side, with an aggrieved expression of countenance, Bhe faltered: " I beg your pardon, I dont think you have ever met Mr. Vawdrey. Captain Winstanley—Mr. Vawdrey." Both gentlemen acknowledged the introduction with the stiffest and chilliest of bowß ; and then the captain offered Violet his arm, and Bhe, having no excuse for refusing it, submitted quietly to be taken away from her old friend. Roderick made no attempt to detain her. The change in him could hardly have been more marked, Vixen thought. Yes, the old Rorie —playfellow, scapegoat, friend of the dear old childish days—was verily dead and gone. "Shall we go and look at the presents?" asked Captain Winstanley. " What presents ?" 11 Lady Almira'B wedding presents. They are all laid out in the library. I hear they are very splendid. Everybody is crowding to soe them." " I daresay mamma would like to go, and Mrs. Scobel," suggested Vixen. " Then we will all go together." They found the two matrons side by Bide on a settee, under a lovely girlish head by Grenze. They were both delighted at the idea of seeing the presents. It was something to do. Mrs. Tempest had made up her miud to abjure even square danceß this evening. There was some thing incongruous in widowhood and the Lancers: especially in one's own neighborhood. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 