MISSIONARY SACRIFICES. BY THE LATE DAVID LIVINGSTONE, D.C.L., LL.D. It is something to be a missionary. The morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy when they first saw the field which the first missionary was to fill. The great and terrible God, before whom angels veil their faces, had an only Son, and he was sent to the habitable parts of the earth as a Missionary Physician. It is something to be a follower, however feeble, in the wake of the Great Teacher and only Model Missionary that ever appeared among men; and now that He is Head over all things, King of kings and Lord of lords, what commission is equal to that which the missionary holds from Him ? May we venture to invite 1 young men of education, when laying down the plan 1 their lives, to take a glance at that of missionary P 1 rWo will magnify the office. The missionary is sent forth as a messenger of the churches, after undergoing the scrutiny and securing the approbation of a host of Christian ministers, who by their own talent and worth, have riBen to the pastorate over the most intelligent and influential churches in the land, and who, moreover, can have no motive to influence their selection but the desire to secure the most efficient instrumentality for the missionary work. So much care and independent investigation are bestowed on the selection as to make it plain that extraneous influences can have but small E ower. No pastor can imagine that any candidate as been accepted through his recommendations, however warm these may have been; and the missionary may go forth to the heathen, satisfied that in the confidence of the directors he has a testimonial infinitely superior to letters apostolic from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or even from the Vatican at Rome. A missionary, surely, cannot undervalue his commission, as soon as it is put into his bands. But what means the lugubrious wail that too often bursts from the circle of his friends P The tears shed might be excused if he were going to Norfolk Island at the Government expense. But sometimes the missionary note is pitched on the same key. The white cliffs of Dover become immensely dear to those wjio never cared for masses of chalk before. Pathetic ilaints are penned about laying their bones on a : 'oreign shore by those who never thought of making aught of their bones at home. (Bone-dust is dear nowhere, we think). And then there is the neverending talk and wringing of hands over missionary " sacrifices." The man is surely going to be hanged instead of going to serve in Christ's holy Gospel! Is this such service as He deserves, who, though rich, for our sakes became poor ? There is so much in the manner of giving; some bestow their favours so gracefully, their value to the recipient is doubled. From others a gift is as good as a blow in the face. Are we not guilty of treating our Lord somewhat more scurvily than we would treat our indigent fellow-men P We sterotype the word " charity" in our language as applicable to a contribution to His cause. "So many charities—we cannot afford them." Is not the word ungraciously applied to the Lord Jesus as if He were a poor beggar and an unworthy one too P His are the cattle on a thousand hills, the silver and the gold; and worthy is the Lamb that was slain. We treat Him ill. Bipeds of the masculine gender assume thepiping phraseology of poor old women in presence of Him before whom the Eastern Magi fell down and worshipped—aye, and opened their treasures, and presented unto Him gifts —gold, frankincense, and myrrh. They will give their " mites" as if what they do give were their "all." It is utterly unfair to magnify the little we do for Him by calling it a sacrifice, or pretend we are doing all we can by assuming the tones of poor widows. He asks a willing mind, cheerful obedience; and can we not give that to Him who made His Father's will in our salvation as His meat and His drink, till He bowed His head and gave up the ghost'( Hundreds of young men annually leave our shores as cadets. All their friends rejoice when they think of them bearing the commissions of our Queen. When any dangerous expedition is planned by Government, more volunteers apply than are necessary to man it. On the proposal to send a band of brave men in search of Sir John Franklin, a full complement for the ships could have been procured of officers alone, without any common sailors. And what thousands rushed to California, from different parts of America, on the discovery of the gold! How many husbands left their wives and families ! How many Christian men tore themselves away from all home endearments to suffer and toil and perish by cold and starvation on the Overland Route! How many 6ank from fever and exhaustion on the banks of Sacramento! Yet no word of sacrifices there. And why should we so regard all we give and do for the Well-beloved of our souls ? Our talk of sacrifices is ungenerous and heathenish, A white man, having the bone of his arm crushed by a lion, was crossing a small stream on his way home, and, feeling faint from loss of blood, tried to stoop down and drink; but he could not support the dangling limb with the other hand, and so bend himself to slake his thirst. A black man lifted up water in his hands repeatedly till he was satisfied. Now, had he done this to one of his own countrymen, he would have thought no more about it; but he had done it for a white man—he had made a sacrifice! A few days afterwards he made his appearance, and after inquiring for the arm, remarked, " It was I who helped you with the water;" and he repeated the observations on subsequent occasions with the addition, " As I helped you, I hope you will help me when you recover." The white man gave a present in order to wipe off the obligation. It is just so we are disposed to value highly what we do for Christ. We talk of " sacrifices " till, we fear, the word is nauseous to Him. We have no English female missionary biography worth reading, because it is all polluted by the black man's idea of sacrifice. It ought not so to be. Jesus became a Missionary, and gave his life for us. It is something to be a missionary. He is sometimes inclined, in seasons of despondency and trouble, to feel as if forgotten. But for whom do more prayers ascend? Prayers from the secret place, ana from those only who are known to God. Mr. Moffat met those in England who had made his mission the subject of special prayer for more than twenty years, though they had no personal knowledge of the missionary. Through the long fifteen years of no success, of toil and sorrow, these secret ones were holding up his hands. And who can tell how often his soul may have been refreshed through their intercessions 1 Then there are prayers for him in the family, in the monthly concert, and in the great congregation. Who has more cause for gratitude than the missionary 1 Who enjoys more of the special protection of God's providence than the messenger of mercy to the heathen I He can tell of providences, not because as the saying goes, he who seeks providences will not want providences to seek," but because God's care is more abundantly bestowed on those who are dedicated by His Churches to His work. Think of a missionary preparing his mind for the excitement of leaving a burning ship, by reading the tract on the loss of the Kent East Indiaman, and smelling fire iii his own ship just as he finished the perusal. Or of another lying sound asleep, with two natives behind a busli, their fire nearly out, and a lion approaching within four yards, and, instead of springing on his prey, commencing to roar, because held back by an invisible hand. Hungry enough he was, for he sat growling at them about two hundred yards off, all night afterwards. Or of another approaching a house at night, and seeing the powder flash in the pan and refuse flre a few yards off, the ownei of the gun thinking he was about to shoot a wolf. Ordinary Christians would seek long enough before they met with such providences. Who has more cause for gratitude than the missionary ? " Lo, I am with you." Is that presence a thing of nought 'I Surely His presence may supply the lack of all he leaves behind. What should we think, of the Israelites ignoring the presence of the Angei of the Covenant who went before them in the pillar of cloud ? " Everyone that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit life everlasting." No higher honour exists on earth than that of being " fellow-worlrers with God." No greater privilege than that of being messengers of mercy to the heathen. No greater glory than, after having our chains knocked off, to be Bent forth, to proclaim liberty'to the captives, the opening of -the prison to them that are,bound.— Cat/iolic Presbyteiian 