SPIRITUALISM AND ITS EXPOSERS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The tendency of some people who call themselves intelligent to rush to conclusions in the absence of data and without consideration commensurate with the gravity of the issues involved, finds frequent exemplification. Take a recent "illustration. An itinerant conjuror, professing to expose tee so-called trickeries of spiritualism, visits Adelaide, and we find that people whoprobablyseverbeforegavethesubject a moment's thought leave White's Booms with settled convictions as to the unreality of those most wonderful phenomena, to the genuineness of which millions of patient and earnest inves tigators have testified. The fact that the con juror himself sets np a claim to powers which barely fall short of what is called the miracu lous (vide Advertiser, April 13), and that this itself is but a reduction of former pre tensions on his part—at least so it is stated—and I leave Professor Bildwin to justify himself if necessary—does not appear to make the holiowness of the alleged exposure a whit more conspicuous. People who have notions as to what is a priori possible er impos sible readily accept any seeming endorsement of their " views," bat are far too lazy or insincere to trouble themselves with any experiment which might result in overthrowing same of their cherished ideas. The belief in an epoch of miracles tome eighteen centuries ago is still pretty general, but those who in this enlightened age say that what has occurred before will, under similar' conditions, occur again, and as a matter of fact hascooccurred, are extremely liable to be scouted as knave* or foole. Is this belief simply a pretty fancy, or does "distance lend enchantment to the view?" If the argument of a priori impossibility is tenable at all it must apply not only to Litter-day miracles, bat with equal force to the events of remote ages. The mode of reasoning I have referred to is, however, essentially absurd, and nothing sur prises me more than to find it to of tea resorted to in this age of inductive science. A man who says a certain thing did not take place**be caosc it could not," and persists in holding that opinion, however strong the evidence may be against'him, is guilty of tie moat, contemptible silliness. Professor Huxley says: — "With regard to the miracle question, I can only say ! that toe word' impossible* re not applicable to matters of philosophy. That the possibilities of feature are infinite is an aphorism with which I am wont to worry my friends." Spiritualism is after all, then, so far as its phenomena are eoncerned,,a mere question of evidence. It is easy to say that they conflict with received theories but theories mast be fitted to the facts acd not facts to the theories; and if the theories be true, and the phenomena genuine, there can be only an apparent dis crepancy, for Nature -newer eontraaicts herself. Fraud, too, may be discovered in connection with some phase of spiritualism, bat of what ; true thing may we not say the oune? Axe the truths of religion invalidated by the artful and fraudulent practices of some of those who pre tend to teach it ? If spiritualism furnishes one really good scientifically-conditioned " test," tiat test moot be dealt with by itself, and answered as such. One experiment of this ! kind is worth more tban a whole world of theories, and a perfect tempest of noisy objec tions. Does the reader ask for such a one? He can rind hundreds in the works of De Morgan, Alfred Knssell, Wallace, Crookes, Cromwell, Varley, Mspes, and other scientific authorities, all trained in the exact and carefol obser | ration of natural phenomena, and many of them ranking in reputation with each • men as Faraday and Darwin. But does tl? reader share in the prevailing uiis lrubt of science, and ask for the testimony of uitn who belong to the ordinary scale or intel ligence ': Let him consider the testimony of millious who have investigated the phenomena of modern spiritualism aaA become eonr'meod of their absolute genuiueaees. £ucb evidence, which in epite of it* vast mass is remarkably r.oja?istent with itself, and intensified ia value by the general good character of the witnesses, is simply irresistible. Its value is not in the le*st vitiated by a few shallow public " expo- Mirt*," hut becomes ereu greater when we-riud . th&t; spiritualists ate in general the very first to ' hunt out disbouest mediums, and to warn the I public against them. The manifestations I that are attested to )>y such va«t nuiuber* as genuine may or may not be caused by tbe epirita of the so-called dead, 1 otter no op:nion on that point—the facts first, the theories afterwards, to explain them—bat the genuineness of an exceedingly large proportion of the phenomena is, I submit, placed beyond a doubt. Even Professor Baldwin admits that there are some which cannot be explained by uiekeiy- such as clairvoyance, for example. { Au admission of this kind fey the great " ex j poser 1* is worth considering. | It is a mistake to think that the phenomena ] of spiritualism are new. They are not; they i have simply reached an amazing development j when subjected, in tius scientific age, to the j process of inductive investigation. The same ■ may l>e said of nearly all the great natural , forces. The sun-produced magnetism ?f the ! larth has existed potentially from all known I times; but it was Science, following tho Data i marked out for it by the great Bacon, who "first j discovered its laws; who taught the needle to . act sympathetically with another placed at a ', great off; who saw at last the absolute { identity of all force, and fiudiug that electricity j under certain conditions cha.uges into the form !of magnetism,aud ticeversa,ga.ve the world those marvellous products of scientific enquiry, the telephone and the electric light. Science will no doubt do the same for spiritualism. The follies and fancies which have collected around the manifestations of psychic force in past &"es will pass away like mist in the lightoi increased knowledge, but the fact which underlies them all will remain. It will simply be taken out of the realm of wonder and fear, anil placed oa the level of plain, easily-understood truth: and future Dr. Johnsons, writing of the belief in " ghost*," will not have to complain that those i who deny it with their tongues are as a rule the first to confess it with their fears. I am, &c; PHItILETHES.' 