CASQUE & COWL . A Tale of the French Revolution. By the author of ' The Lily and the Rose, or the Fruit of that Forbidden Tree ' Amateurs and ArtiBts.' ' Homeless and Friendless,' 'Hew Year's Chimes,' &c.; CHAPTER XIV,— (Gontinwd.) " POST EREBUS LUX." ; 'On the morning of that sad day, "that first dark day of nothingness," the monks left the castle, their task was done — their ministry to the departing spirit. They must obey even to the letter the rule of their Order, and let the aeaa nury sneir aeaa ; tney game lorcn uuui ouo chamber of death, and went back themselves to their living grave ; but not before the gentle maiden who had been the cause of all the woe — the patient passive sacrifice — herself unseen, had one short glimpse of the faint semblance of her early love. A chill came over her, as she gazed on the grave severity of that once mobile countenance, and felt as if she dared not break the awful calm in which ho seemed'to have en wrapped his soul. Poor Rosalie 1 her heart was breaking for love of him, whilst he had grown so far apart in that brief space. Ah ! : how would it be at life's journey's end. ' Immeasur able must be the gulf that would divide them long ere' that;1 how 'she felt that if she could' never clasp liands 'even' then over the', vast cleft that would separate them. "Set she enshrined that image in her heart, and - knelt-' day and night for ever before it, though that last memory came to her like that icy thing that lay above, dull and' unconscious" of the tall tapers that ! flared aloft, of the flowers, the incense, and the holy water and woman's tears that glittered all around. Her sad soul responded to the refrain of the solemn litany, chanted for the quiet dead. "Beali, beali, moriui," and she wished she were lying at peace among them, away from the fever and the strife,' the storm and contention that had desolated her young life, far away from upper air,- in the quiet and the cool and the shadow. And then Philibert came home at last, too late ; but broken down and penitent for his late desertion of the paternal home, and bringing all the musio of his rich young life, his chivalry, his unselfishness, and hiB manhood, relit the' sacred fire upon the domestic altar. " The' poor old king of the castle, so long dead to the world, and buried to all but himself, had died and was buried, and. the young brave king reigned in his stead, and pale Rosalie went back- to her mother's home, and ' felt more desolate than ever. . CHAPTER XV. ECOE HOMO. " Of man's first disobedience, and the fruit , Of that forbidden .tree, . whose mortal taste Brought death into the world, and all her woe, With loss of Eden. Till one greater Man Restore us, and regain the blissful seat." — Milton. The melancholy journey was not without its consequences ; the undisguised friendship of the Prior for Raimond, though most natural on account of their relationship, was offensive ' in the eyes of some who considered themselves more suitable for their Superior's regard, more worthy of his confidence, and- the unwonted in dulgence of the" journey fanned the spark of envy into a regular fiame of jealousy. . There was no open insubordination, but suppressed mutterings, and little meetings of the disaffected behind pillars ; and nods, and looks, and averted eyes. At first Raimond was too much absorbed by his sorrow and his own reflections to remark the ripple gathering on the calm surface of their peaceful community, and when it was forced upon his attention he wisely took no notice, but left the Prior to see for himself, little knowing the latter . had seen the storm brewing for months past, aiid was well aware of the probable consequences of hiB act when he singled out Raimond to attend him. He, too, took no notice, till coming one day on a little group of the disaffected, who, emboldened by the immunity they had hitherto enjoyed, were using an hour intended for, meditation in discussing their grievances in a louder, tone than usual, he asserted his authority in , the , old trenchant manner by ordering them to solitude and discipline for serious breach of rules. This, summary proceeding checked but. by no means mollified the discontented ; they were more guarded in their demeanour, and if they scowled they, did go covertly, and their silence boded no good..: . _ Still the new light which had sprung up within the convent' communicated itself to all around. The , monks were no longer content with trying to work out their own individual salvation,' and shunning contamination with the outer .world, but as far as was compatible with the rigid vows of their order, they interested themselves in the spiritual welfare of their poorer brethren. Whilst more, diligent than over .; in performing the accustomed round of devotions, they found time to minister to.the, wants of others. Their charities did not end with the liberal alms distributed every morning at the gates of the convent ; the brethren, when sharing their frugal meal, did not fail to tell their applicants of the living bread that came down from heaven, of the living water and the true vine, and crowds came from, afar, to hear the Prior's discourses, which he delivered: from the convent steps to the! monks snd, peasantry assembled on the grassy sward beneath to hear them. The brethren were often to be found in the hovels of the poor, teaching them to bear their trials patiently, with hope of a better world to come, and , relieving their present misery as far as human and limited help coujd do. They gathered the little children around them, and taught them to look up to the unseen Rather and the home awaiting them above. ... One summer evening the Prior took his stand as usual on. the broad steps at the greab.door of the. convent. v, How "well Raimond remembered the scene ' in . after days. It was a warm, still afternoon, '.partaking of the warm' glow of summer! and the pensive stillness of approaching autumn. . .The tall figure of the i Prior stood out in statelyRrace framed in the Gothic urchway, whose opened door produced, an 'artistic .'back- ground of the interior ; the slanting Bunbeams illumined his striking countenance, which was rather worn of late, paler, Raimond thought, almost spiritualised in his expression, with the dark luminous eyes shining beneath the massive brow. The brethren were grouped around ; some seated on the steps, with upturned faces, and eager, expectant eyes fixed on the speaker ; some standing with folded arms against the wall, or leaning on an adjacent buttress ; some few hovering on the outer edge, with evil eyes and sinister looks, as if watching to find some flaw in that finer nature, longing to drag it down to their own ignoble level. Raimond fancied he saw the Prior glance at them more than once, as if he divined their feelings, but was resolved to speak according to the dictates of his own conscience. There was a large assembly of people, mostly peasantry, many of whom came from great distances to hear ene of those dis courses for which the Prior was now so cele brated. Not a sound escaped the vast audience, who waited in breathless expectation the moment when the preacher came forth from the convent door, made the sacred sign, repeating reverently "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen and then launched forth with more than his usual elo quence. His very enemies could -not ' but marvel at bis magnificent oratory, rioh-in type and simile, with argument so subtle, the keenest ! miud seized. and- enjoyed>it,:or parable so simple, . the smallest child could understand ; his splendid peroration, and striking imagery -fired the enthusiastic, . whilst > his winning persuasions penetrated every heart. All these, added to the impressive delivery and striking attitudes of the' speaker, whether he raised his hands aloft in1 appealing gesture towards heaven, or stretched- them out in suppliant attitude, or anon folded- them in stately self-repression on his breast, combined to kindle the hearts of 'his hearers, and set them afire with some spark of his own enthusiasm. His theme wa3 the humanity of Jesus. He spoke much that was orthodox in every clime and Church and age, taking his stand on that broad ground, the love of Christ ; but after a time, kindling with his subject, ho launched out into opinions that were strikingly strange, novel, ahd at last heretical. The ' most ob noxious were in . this line, but spoken in his own beautiful language. . "Christ" he said, "hath carried His humanity into heaven. He is still the Man -Christ Jesus, with all our feelings intensified and perfected in His glorified body. Why do we not think of Him as such, as the one human and : divine, sympathising and omnipotent ? Why do we, in awful glory of His Godhend, forget his perfect manhood, by which He holds the key to all our weaknesses and shortcomings, our willingness to do well, and our continual proneness to do evil? Why are we as those who make to themselves gods many and lords many, when for us there is but 'one God, and we by Him, and one Lord Jesus Christ, and we in Him?' Why do we insert so many others between us. and Him, and say in deed, if not in- word, ' We will not have this man to reign over us?" On earth He was all compassion ; in heaven His mercy c»n know no bounds. He never turned away from any ; He drew near and laid His hands upon them, and healed them. Blessed" tender human hands ; holy, healing touch ! As one with the Creator, He breathed into man the breath of life, so He breathes into man's : dead heart, and he becomes a living soul. And he who ever liveth to make reconcili ation for us, to Whom all power has been given in heaven and in earth, He, who is able to save to-the uttermost those that come unto God by Him, is He so 'unmindful of His Church! below! that we require intercessors between . us and Him ? "When mothers, seeing the Divine benignity-, of his face, thought it must be good to be. near, and brought their little children to be blest by Him, these intercessors we use strove to pre vent them.' They would not have their august Master intruded on by such trifles as .infant: children ; possibly they did not choose to have His discourse interrupted, or His attention diverted from themselves. , 'Twas Jesus Himself rebuked them openly, and desired the little ones to approach. He took them into His holy arms, put His hand on them, and blessed.them. Again, two forlorn beggars, seated by the way side, blind and begging, hearing who passed by, , implored Him to have mercy on. their affliction. Did the beloved St. John use his influence with his Master, or do we hear that Peter used his intercession, as we hope he does by his numerous applicants now-a-days ? On the contrary, these saints and intercessors bade them hold their peace,, and trouble not the Master. It was the Son of Man Himself who heard their cry, and commanded that they should be brought to Him. He asked their will ; He granted their petition, and sent them- away rejoicing. Had those blind men depended oh the intercession of the blessed saints, I fear they would have remained blind forever. I speak not against the blessed saints,' the most extraordinary set of .men that ever lived ; the. best and: most! compassionate ; who afterwards; -spent their .lives in doing good to others, and were never wanting in the exercise of the: miraculous gifts : bestowed upon them : but -I wish , to prove how far more sympathetic.- .and compassionate is our Divine MaBter. It seometh like blasphemy to doubt His love and willingness to help us, by asking others-to in tercede for us with Him. "Yea, He. is ready to give before we ask ; more ready to hear than we t'o pray. 'Twas he alone-who thought of the hungry multitude in the wilderness, and would not allow the disciples1 to send them away till He had shared the few loaves and fishes with them. Thus prompted by His own human sympathy, He used His Divine power, supplying food for the body as well as the soul. " Who is He that came down t from heaven' but the same also that ascended into heaven ? Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever.!' -.' L - r He spoke - till : the sun drooped behind the distant hills, leaving a glorious though fleeting radiance in : the : limpid - sky, which glowed . and deepened and intensified till the atmosphere < seemed incandescent,'-ahd-ready to burst forth' \- into one ' sheet of fire.- - The sunset tone's 'em- ,-purpled the hazy - < hills ! and flamed in fiery , splendour through the neighbouring woods. A roseate glow trembled over the grassy turf in front of the convent, lighting up the faces and forms of those assembled thereon. A delicate green suffused the sky above, and cast a tremulous unearthly lustre on the vast building, and streamed through carved and pictured windows, filling the pillared cloisters with strange fantastic lights, and ruby tints filtered through the many coloured glass, and lit up the dim old passages with an evanescent glory. But the radiance faded quite away, and the silent stars came out in the blue depths of the cloudless sky, and the crescent moon rose slowly overhead, and the Prior's last words were spoken with the first fall of dew-drops. It was late, too late for many to reach their distant homes, but the Prior found ample accommoda tion for them in offices attached to the convent ; and, in imitation of his Divine Master, desired food to be distributed to all. His commands were fulfilled with alacrity by mi st of the brotherhood, whose chief pleasure lay in distributing the alms of the convent, and who gladly caught at some variation of their monotonous life. But there were others who cavilled at the revenues of the convent being ex pended in such a manner, and affected to be scandalised at the peasants being allowed the use of emptying granaries and stables. , It _ was never quite the same after that evening ; the smothered fire sought vent until- it burst out into a regular flame. It began in the warm interest the monks took in the subject : of the discourse ; they -were constantly to be seen gathered 'into little knots, discussing the question with greater or_less warmth. The Prior took no notice ; he did not care to stifle inquiries his own remarks had excited ; he eyen took an interest in them, and. gave his -opinion freely when solicited to do so. But presently the fraternity was split up into factions; on one side the shrine of the Madonna was deserted ; on the other,- more frequented than before. Party spirit ran high, —nowhere is it so bitter as in religious differences ; and while one sot boasted they had the Prior on their side, the other declared they had the Pope ! CHAPTER' XVI. MISERERE DOMINE. , "I have trusted him as a father and he will - .. ' . receive me as a son." . ... _ A great stillness reigned in the convent. The Master; had sent his summons for one of his servants, whose fellows had no power towith- hold from obeying the divine mandate, "Come'- up hither." The monks spoke in anxious whispers ; some assembled in the darkened church and chanted a doleful miserere; others engaged in secret prayers for the speed of the parting soul. The dying monk lay on his humble pallet ; his breathing was slow and laboured ; his hands' folded in silent prayer, and his lips moved from time to time. Friends stood around ministering the little that the truest, deepest love can offer in that solemn hour, when the individuality of each life asserts itself in all its stern isolation. Each minute widening the impassable gulf that severs the living from the dead. The Prior, Raimond, and tne sweet singer, Cyril, stood around his bed, and other forms, invisible to human sight, doubtless stood around and ministered also. The soft rays of the setting sun fell through the arched windows, . and gilded ; the last hours of the dying saint; -Bro ther Eustace. unclosed his eyes, and the Prior was immediately bending over him. "A little water." Raimond raised him tenderly, Cyril placed the cup id the Prior's liand, who administered the lust refreshment. They laid him gently baok; and then he turned his eyes on each of them in turn, a long wistful attentive glance, as if taking a' long farewell of friends he expected to; meet in some far future time, and wished to carry the remembrance of them into the land whither he was hastening. His gaze lingered on Raimond and wandered thence to Cyril. He sighed wearily, then whispered, "Sing me to sleep, brother, for I am weary and would fain be at rait." So closed his eyes and folded his hands like a tired child. There was a moment's silence, , and then a low, sweet, tremulous voice rose and filled the lofty cell, pierced upward to its groined and arching roof, lingered round its pillars, stole through the cloisters, and.. pene trated to the distant portions of the quiet convent, whence it came to the brothers' ears like the notes of an angel's song. And these were the words of the song which he had often sung to Eustace, . but never so sweetly and purely as now, when each word touched the hearer's heart and brought a smile to tho lips of the sleeper : !., !'. .., "Jerusalem, my happy home ! ; When shall I come to thee ? When shall my labours have an end? ' Thy joys; when shall I see ? Oh ! happy arbour of the Saints ! Oh ! sweet and pleasant soil ! In thee no sorrow may be found, - No grief, no core, no toil. ! ; In thee no sickness- may be seen, . No hurt, no ache,' no sore, ! ; There is no Death, no ugly deil, ; There's life for evermore. . No rain, no mist is seen' in thee, No:cold or' darksome night,1 ' There every soul shines as the sun, There God -Himself is light."- — ' The clear ringing voice, piercing iii; its sweet- ; ness,- penetrated into the ' depths of the 1 sUeiit convent ; it' came -floating down the deserted cloisters, floated softly up the lofty isles of the chapels, and -mingled-its pure strain with the doleful- Miserere. More than one' brother started from : his droning chant, and crossed himself in haste, fancying for the moment that the angels had. really- come to escort the de parting spirit. It penetrated to the Cell where Sigismond sat brooding over the mystery of life and ; death, strivingto unravel the web his sceptic brain was 'Over weaving.' 9 He had watched- his friend fading as the senseless- flowers,: ' decaying like'- a worn-out plant, dying slowly as one of the dumb animals.' -His hand losing its ancient ounning, his splendid, genius waning ; his work out off, his plans frustrated by the mighty hand of death. Was. this the end, the end of all earth's greatness, or was there a spirit, a Becond life in man, and if- so how ? and when did it leave ? and whither? The sweet train stole upon his musiDgs, and drew him like a spell along the deserted cloisters - to the door of Brother Eustace's cell, and there he leaned upon the wall without, feeling like a. pariah shut out from all sympathy or fellowship with his fellow men, as lie listened with dull,, stubborn ear to the sweet words as tbey floated past him. The door was a little ajar, he could see the group in the cell beyond, and|(Jyril as he-- stood with clasped hands and eyes turned, towards heaven. "Thy walls are made of precious stones, Thy bulwarks diamonds square, Thy gates are of right orient pearl, Exceeding rich and rare. Thy turrets and thy pinnacles With carbuncles do shine, Thy very1 streets are paved with gold Surpassing clear and fine. . ' Thy houses are of ivory, Thy windo ws "crystal clear, Thy. tiles are made of beaten gold, ,0 God, thatT were there !'' - V : "It is well for them thoy can think so,":' thought Sigismond, it is- all .very well for the-, ordinary run of monk's,' who are no better than grown-up children, and are ready to swallow ' any monstrosity, from winking pictures , to- weeping images ; but for such an exalted 'mind-, as our Prior, and a sensible clever man as our new brother, who even now is more fitted for the casque than the cowl, to cling to fablesas. silly to me as the superstitious and monkish: legends I see-them frown at, passes my compre hension. I know the hymn well ; they say it is. to be found in the missals or Apocrypha. Of course they allow it to be metaphorical' of" heavenly mysteries. Ah! me, I find our' existence the greatest mystery of all. " . ' So mused the unhappy Sigismond, longing to believe even the faith he held -. in> scorn ;.- and still Cyril sang on in those wondrous, heart-penetrating tones. "Cyril, Cyril," he groaned, " how wonder fully thou dost sing ! Almost thou persuadest. me to be a Christian." !" Ah !. my sweet homo, Jerusalem, (t : Would God I were iu thee ; ' ' - Would God my woes were at an end ! ' : Thy joys that I might see. We that are here in banishment, Continually do moan ; ' . We sigh, we sob, we weep, we wail, Perpetually we groan. Our sweet isjmixed with bitter gall, Our pleasure is but pain ; Our joys scarce last the looking on, Our sorrows still remain." Some one touched Sigismond on the arm ; he turned and saw the Prior standing beside? him in the doorway, motioning him to silence- and beckoning him in. - How he knew he _was there, was more than Sigismond could divine ; but it was not the first time ; the Prior seemed as if he had been gifted with second sight. He ledr. him up to the bedside of their brother who was dying fast. Ah ! who can stay the departing, spirit when its summons has - gone forth to re turn to God who gave it. His lips (still moved slightly as if folio wing the words hafe were sung, and a smile lit up his pale counte nance at the next verse. " But there they live in such delight, Such pleasure and such play, - As that to them a thousand years \- Doth seem like yesterday. Thy gardens and thy gallant walks Continually are green, \- They grow such sweet and pleasant flowers-,. 1 As nowhere else arc seeu. \- There's nectar and ambrosia,: < .: i-r. : ; : There's musk and civet sweet, ' There's many a fair and dainty drug . Are trodden under feet. , . ! Quite through the streets with silver sound,. : J The flood of life doth flow, ' Upon whoso banks on every side, " ' The wood of life doth grow. , i - ' : There .trees for evermore bear fruit, : And. evermore! do spring,, , There evermore the angels: sit, ; | And evermore do sing. There David stands with harp in hand, ; As master of the quire-; . ' Ten thousand times that man were bleat ! Who could that muBic hear. Our Lady siugs Magnificant, . With tune: surpassing sweet, : : And, all the virgins bear their part, Sitting above her feet. . \- ! TeDeum.doth St. Ambrose sing, ' ; St.- Austin doth the same ; ' Old Simeon and Zachary Have not their song to seek, v . , l 1 Hero Magdalen hath left her moan, . And'eheerfully doth sing; rlo.v. With blessed sainls whose harmony ; : In every street doth ring. ": Jerusalem, my happy homo, -r ' Would God I were in thee ! . , Would God my woes were at an end, Thy joys that I might see. " The last sweet note swelled through the arches.: of the lofty chamber, and died along the distant cloisters, . as the last bright beam of - the setting sun played halo-like around the: Read, of . the- . dying saint,- . as if , gathering liis ! life intoi its, : golden meshes, and drawing it up .its, golden stairs to heaven. The voice ceased, the ligh& 1 faded' away, . and the spirit winged its happy.. flight to that home In which it hadj long. ; dwelt By faith. To be Continued.' ; ' - 