MANNUM EACE8. The following are the nominations for the Mannnm Handicap and Handicap Hardies, to be run on Easter Monday, April 14:— M ANNUM HANDICAP. Mr. D. Stehn's b.m. Twilight, 6 yrs. Mr. H. Dobbin's b.g. Darkie, aged. Mr.W. H. Avliffe's ch.g. Hilton, 4 yrs. Mr. T. George's br.g. Darkie, 4 yrs. Mr. W. Smith's b.g. Prince, 3 yrs. HANDICAP HUEDLES. Mr. A. Paech's b.g. Lion, aged. Mr. D. C. Dashwood's gr.g. Ghost, aged. Mr. D. Thomson's br.g. Hopeless, 6 yrs. " Europe abounds just now m schools of music," says "Atlas" in the World," and in London alone we have a Eoyal Academy of Music, a National Training School of Music, a Schoolfor the." Higher" (though not, it would seem, absolutely the highest) Development of Pianoforte PlayiDg, with Mr. Dannreuther, Mr. Oscar Berringer, Mr. Franklin Tavlor, and Mr. Walter Bache as developers; a London Academy of Music, directed by Dr. Wylde; and a London School of Music, presided over by Mr. Baumer, with Sir Julius Benedict as ' principal examiner.' No instrumentalist of remarkable merit has yet come out of any of these institutions. The only instrumental artist of real eminence England seems hitherto to have given birth to, Madame Arabella Goddard, studied privately under pro fessors who, for a certain number of hours every week, could give their undivided attention to her. The most perfect pianist that the Conti nent has produced for many years past, Mdlle. Janotlia, was brought up at Warsaw in the family of the Countess Potocka, and was after wards placed under Madame Schumann for the piano, and under Herr Joachim for pianoforte playing in connection with the orchestra. Biilow, Rubinstein, and Madame Schumann herself all studied under private professors." 11A fire, which resulted in the destruc tion of a wooden house and in the death of a child, who was burned almost to a cinder, oc curred at Enmore last night," states the Sydney Mornina Herald of March 25. " The building was a recently-erected wooden one, with brick gables and galvanised iron roof. It was oc cupied and owned by Mr. Lance, plumber, who had been absent from home all day, and with his wife had been spending the evening in the city, leaving the children at home with their grandmother, aged 75, and a young man named George Jones, brother-in-law of Lance. The fire was first discovered between 7 and 8 o'clock. The three elder children were in bed in the attic, and the two younger ones, one of whom was a baby 13 months old, were downstairs in the room with their grandmother and uncle. Whilst Mr. Jones was engaged in reading to his mother-in-law his attention was drawn to the smell of something burning, and on going to the jfoot of the stairs he found the staircase on fire. To rush into the front room and carry the old lady and two chil dren out of the house was the work of a moment, and then, after giviug the alarm, the young man, with the aid of a ladder, mounted to the attic window and rescued two ef the children from the flames, which were by this time raging fiercely. Before the third child could be got out safely, however, the ladder broke, and so quickly did the flames spread in the wooden building that the poor child could not be saved. The structure was soon ablaze in every part, and burnt with the utmost fierce ness, shedding a glare that could be seen for miles, and which induced the belief among people at a distance that the fire was not con fined to one house, but that a very extensive conflagration was going on. Owing to the com bustible of which Lance's dwelling was.con structed it very soon burnt itself out, and search was at once instituted for the child. Its body was discovered among the debris, reduced to a cinder. The poor little fellow was only five years of age, and was named Henry. Nothing is known as to how the fire originated, as there was no light upstairs at the time it broke out." On Monday afternoon, March 31, the foundation-stone of a new Bible Christian Church at Findon was laid by the Rev. J. Way. For over 25 years the Bible Christian denomina tion has had a preaching-place at Findon, and although the march of progress has not been very rapid in that district, the inconveniences of the old chapel became year by year more appa rent, until it was at length determined to erect a new structure more in accordance with the appear ance of similar structures in the surrounding districts. As an introduction to the ceremony the Superintendent of tiie Circuit (the Rev. T. McNeil) read the following statement, a copy of which, in addition to other papers and docu ments, was enclosed in a bottle, and placed in a cavity in the stone:—" Bible Christian Church, Findon.—The foundation-stone of this church was laid by the Rev. J. Way this 31st day of March, 1879, being the 42nd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria.— His Excellency Sir William Jervois, K.C.M.G., &c.;, Governor of the colony ; the Rev. J. Trewin, President of the .South Australian Conference; the Rev. T. McNeil, Pastor of Bowden Circuit ; Trustees—L. Foord, H. Bellingham, — Holland, J. H. Risley, and H. J. Dunn; Mr. E. Gould, architect." The new church is to be 35 feet long by 23 feet wide, and will be built of Dry Creek stone with brick facings. It will provide accommodation for about 150 persons when finished. Arrange ments have also been made for the future en largement of the church by the erection of a transept at the rear 40 feet square. The Rev. J. Way then laid the stone in the usual manner, and after giving a brief sketch of the rise and development of the Bible Christian denomina tion referred more particularly to the Findon Church. In the year 1850 Findon first appeared on the books of the Society. Three years afterwards one contribution of 10s. 6"d. was received from a lady in the district now de ceased. After a short interval the returns gave'two Church members and five others on trial. The following quarter showed that the number of members had increased to seven, in addition to a large number on trial. From that time the Church had gone on working, and he trusted would continue to increase notwithstanding what had been done in the old church. He had been informed that the old chapel had never had a memorial-stone laid, but he well remembered the opening services. He earnestly hoped that the glory of the latter church would be greater than the glory of the former. Mr. Way con cluded his address to those present by calling on them to remember what had been done in the past, and the glorious possibilities whioh lay in the future if they were united and energetio in their work, remembering always that the new church was not merely a lecture-hall but a house of,prayer. In the evening tea and public meet ings were held in the old building, the latter meeting being presided over by the Rev. T. McNeil. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Way and R. Kelley. It is anticipated that the new erection will coat about £400, towards which the sum of £130 has been collected. Col lections in aid of the building fund were made at the laying of the foundation-stone and at ths pnblio meeting, 