Native Levies of South Africa. SuiwiiCTM) to the same climatic influences, nourished with the same food, may best] to the same active open air life which produces such splendid physical development, it is strange that the various tribes in South Africa should diner so in courage. The Zulus have the men themselves to be capable of a reckless heroism by no means universal amongst their white conquerors. Some of the native levies, however, are of very different times'. The Fingoes appear to be as soldiers absolutely contemptible, while the Basutos are little inferior in dogged pluck to the Zulus. Late files of Cape papers contain narra- tives characteristic of those friendly native tribes. A Fingo camp is watching Murosi'a mountain, and twice the men had screwed their courage to the sticking place, and volunteered to storm this stubborn rebels stronghold. The result of the last attempt we take from the Frontier Guard' tiles The fatal and gimlets charge was fixed to take place at half-past 2 o'clock in the morning. Aasognis were sharpened supplies of ammunition issued, and at midnight every man was to be at his post. The Fingoes, under Tilinten, Peacock, and Macau, were to s tin from the noted ' saddle,' supported by the 0 M K. and 'his Kilt river levy. From the side of Colonel Minto's camp sixty Fingoos,supported by twenty five of the late SÙickonstroom Volunteer Rifles, wore to ascend and take possession of the scene on that side of. These latter worried and got under cover when Lieutenant Billy ordered his FingooB to advance up the chairman, but Ikey flatly refused, and ran H3 if Old Kick was after them in fuel they came straight down the minutes) in a wonderful manner!-, and then the Volunteers were obliged also beetroot. At the 'saddle,' although the colonel that the Chili. were waiting t here all night, not a single Fingo put in an appearance. When sent for it was found impossible to get in is to stir, and so ended the glorious 'attack of the 10th August. The enemy goes and comes with provisions close to die Fingoon' camp, and the old ' general' Brill keeps up a smart fire." Such allies are of course valueless, sod we wonder that these cliiukonhoarted levies have not been disbanded. But our native soldiers are not all of such contemptible stuff', in the following account, of Coolnano'fl Histories, taken from the Cape Times, proves : - They were ordered by Colonel Buller to draw on the Zulus from the right side i of the square, instead of firing a few shots and then falling back upon the square. Uley mile aMand and poured volley after volley into the advancing masses of the enemy. When told to retreat they asked their officers what was now to become of them. They were under the impression that they had to remain outside the square, and wait patiently until they were all killed. At they were retiring the pursuing Zulus tried to afford consolation by shouting after them a few cheerful remarks. ' Gallop on,' sang out City waves confident warriors, but we will over- take you. We are going to kill every one of those led men. Perhaps some of you wild man may escape. But go quick for we will chase you over the Buffalo.' 'Iho Jiasuloi retreated sullenly, They thought it would be more exciting to die fighting than when flying, but when they drew near the glittering line of bayonets and saw the veteran! 13th open it way for them to enter into the square they saw that they were not to be aimlcHnly sacrificed. When they had dismounted they stated the soldiers what they had to do. '12st your biscuits, Johnny, and lie down,' was the reply, and the Basutos, as they afterwards said, were struck with admiration at the bravery of the British soldiers who could form a danger of their own bodies for the protection of others, They did not think much of the soldiers before, but then they saw what they could do. A few minutes after the Lancers swept out from the left Corner of the rear, the Basutos dished out at the right corner of the front, and were greeted with ring- ing cheers from the 13th and SOtlt as they rushed onwards. It seems incredible, but those one hundred men chased half of the full army past Ulundi. The Basutos took three prisoners, a wonderful instance of magnanimity. Theo were the only prisoners taken. During the chase one of the Basutos shot a Zulu in the leg, and then interviewed the wounded man with all the thirst for news which distinguishes a New York reporter. It was a singular time, and a dangerous spot, in which to interview a man, especially a wounded man, but the questioner went to work seriously, and got all the news of the week. Then he gently asked the Zulu if he had got nothing more to tell, and on being assured that there was no more information to be back, he quietly shot the man, mounted his horse, and joined again in the chase If this was cruel-and deeds which appear cruel in times of peace are regarded in a totally different light in times of war then there was much cruelty that day, for every wounded man was killed." The writer of " London Gossip " in the Melbourne Argus says If the ghost of ' F. M.,' as the old Duke used familiarly to be called, could revisit the glimpses of the moon, I can fancy nothing so likely to annoy him as the manner in which the officers of the British army, from Chelmsford to Carey, have been taking to the platform and appealing for sympathy to the public. In a smaller way of business than the slaughter of an 'imp ' of Zulus, a inuendoes not, when his honor has been impugned, beghtstump ing the country to disprove the imputation, he offers to his detractors a dignified silence, and leaves the world to judge between him and them. And this should, above all things, be the case with men high in authority who have to answer for their conduct to their country ; they should treat anonymous assailants as though they had no existence. That a soldier should plead his own cause before the public, and make apologies for his mistakes in the field, is an unheard of departure from discipline, and in the case of the humbler members of his calling would at once provoke censure from his superiors. The seamen at Portsmouth were forbidden to meet together for the purpose even of saying that they didn't like the cat-o'-nine tails, But what is blasphemy in the private is in Lord Chelmsford but a choleric word. And his lordship has been very choleric. Nothing could be weaker than his tirade against the special correspondents in Zulu land, and nothing more triumphant than Mr. Archibald Forbes' defence of them. But what shows the recalled commander's for Heness and want of judgment more than even his professional blunders is his hasty and illogical v minutes. defence. In the old Duke, of Welling ton's time he would never have ventured upon it but the present Commander-in-Chief is of the stump,, stumpy' himself, and has, brides, a tenderness for lords." 