GUN DAG- AI. (From our Correspondent.) Very satisfactory progress is being made at the gold workings on Mr. Donald M 'Lean's private land, Jones Creek. The shaft is now down upwards of 30 feet, and the adjacent land lias been partially prospected with most satisfactory results. The company working tbe claim intend to crush all material whether considered poor or rich, so that they will be enabled to say distinctly what the yield will be as per average. Two loads of crushing material was sent away to Willson's Mill, Adelong, for the purpose of being tested last Monday. Three loads more are to follow on Thursday; these five loads make about 20 tons altogether. The told is found in a kind oj spurious slaty asbestos. The only similar working to the above, I hear, is at Went- ' worth, where tbe gold is found in the same description of material. The wash or rubble, carrying gold is found in a channel, in some places 4 feet wide. The channel with the same quality of material has been traced 30 yards south of the shaft, and also 100 yards north of same. Tbe cost of transit to Adelong from here, together with crushing is estimated to be about £1 2s 3d to the ton. If this crushing proves satisfactory the for tunate owner of the property intends erect ing suitable machinery on the ground. A quartz reef carrying good gold has been discovered on Mr. Joint M'Leau's private property at Big Ben Creek, South Gundagai. Tbe quartz exhibited shows good gold well through the stone. Last week upwards of two tons of: dressed asbestos was forwarded from the Asbestns Company's claim to Sydney. Some of it being intended for the German market. This company is to be congratulated for its -energy and enterprise in endeavouring^ to foster the mining industries of the district. Already some 15 tons of prepared asbestos has been sent away to all parts of the world to find a suitable market. On Sunday afternoon last a lad, aged six, son of Mr. John Blake, Jones Creek, was walking through his father's paddock . bare footed when he accidently trod upon a brown snake lying coiled asleep. The snake imme diately fastened upon the child's }eg inflicting a severe wonud on the apkle from which the blood flowed freely. The father at once put a ligature round the boy's lee. and brought him into Gnndagai -for medical treatment. The ladi was placed under Dr. Marshall's care, and I am happy to say hay quite recovered from the effects of the bite. The spake was killed, it measured 5 feet iu length, ' and was considered one of the most poisonous species. ' ' In Mr. Fry's bar are'to beiseen 'two 'cases of birds, peculiar to the district, stuffed and set up in a most artistic manner I y Mr. iDe Reusy, who is to be complimented on the great taste and happy style displayed in rendering our feathered friends an ornament. One day last week : as Mr. Taylor's daughter was looking up the eggs inthe out buildings connected with her 'father's estab lishment, she was much . alarmed at finding ah opossum quietly coiled .upon' a clutch of 14 eggs, which had been put under a hen in an empty barrel for bringing out. 'The opossunl apparently had been in the habit of driving the hen from off the nest, and with great good nature had taken her place as incubator. Such kind offices not being con sidered 'desirable. Miss Opossum suffered for her temerity and singu'ar conduct by- losing \- ? her life, receiving the happy despatch at the hands of a stout waildic. Mr. Taylor's pre mises are situated in the centre of Gnndn^.'ii, n considerable distance from the bush. At the Police Court, on Monday,' J Mies ' Ivelly, for being drunk and disorderly waa lined 10s., aud 20s. for using obscene . language. Joseph Wolstenholmo for being, drunk and disorderly was fined 10s. Mining matters are certainly looking bright. A party a short time ago opened work in the Wheel' of Fortune .reef, Cooka maroo, and I am informed have struck some particularly rich stone, estimated to yield at least: lOOoz. to the' ton. 'If the crashing prove in realization what it is in anticipation Gundagai and its surroundings will gain a name, and find favour with .the practical miner aud capitalist. A solitary cow being caught by the flood on the flat opposite the town, and completely hemmed in by the water, brave'y stood her ground for two days and nights. Tho water was half-way up Uur hack, but as she had footing she resolved to maintain her ground, and as the flood subsided roamed about as if nothing was the .mattar. NuiuWs of per sons were watching her. feelint: interested aud glad of her escape. A stir is being made in land selection again. Last Thursday some 10 selectors took up laud. This tends to prove that all the money has not yet left the district. Two large flocks of sheep passed through ' here last week, the property of Mr. Frank Gardner. They were brought from Shaking Bog, aud were being taken to Mr. Gardner's station near Yass, to be shorn. The firm of Chang, Chong, Tiy, Chinese storekeepers, I ain informed have assigued their estate for the benefit of creditors. At present I do not hear of any differende being made in the management aud conduct of their business. Now the river bas returned within its banks the stencil from the flats that were submerged is unbearable If a boat had been obtainable a number of valuable horses and cattle could have been saved easily. The Government arc very much to be blamed for not providing the townspeople with a boat well equipped, so as to be ready for any emergency. Floods are certain to occur, and happen unexpected li' at all times to come. To be forewarned is to lie forearmed. In all towns liable to such visitations a proper and efficient boat should he stationed. If the Government refuse to provide one, the towns people, in their own defence, should have a subscription boat. It is with great regret I bear we are likely to lose the llev. Mr. Holt, Chtlrch of England minister. Mr. Holt has resided amongst us for five years. By bis kindness and unweary ing attention to his multifarious clerical duties he 'lias endeared himself with all sections of tbe community, even with those who differ with him ou points of doctrine. On Thursday last we were visited with the highest flood known for years. The heavy rainfall of the preceding week caused many persons to turn an anxious eye to the river, Beveral of tbe old residents feetin j assured we should have aflo'od. On Thursday morning the river commenced rising rapidly, and at night registered 33ft. Sin. above summer level. The flats were entirely covered, and the low-lying gardens completely destroyed. Some of the Chinese gardeners were heavy losers. Mr. John Ball, of Mingy, had all his last crop of wheat and oats swept away. The stack of wheat, estimated at 200 bushels, was seen stuck in the river opposite Gundagai town common. At last it yielded to the pressure of the water, broke up, and was washed away. Numbers of cattle drowned were seen floating down the flood. In several cases large quantities of fences have been totally swept away and destroyed. Since last week's report the question now is, have you seen the ghost? I have not seen it. Still rumour says it is there to be seen. Dairy produce is pow becoming quite a drug ill the market, lio doubt owing to the splendid season. IJggs, Gil. per dozen ; butter, 5d. per lb. ; hams and bacon, 5d. per lb., and difficult to sell at even those low prices. Some of our fair sellers seem quite dispirited at the prices obtainable. 