FREETHOUGHT LECTURES. TO TUB EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY DAILY TELEGRAPH Sir, — As the writer alluded to in the letter in to-day': Tiilft/rnjt/t, signed "Geo. Lacy," kindly allow me space to pull the same to pieces. I will 'answer the objections in the order in which they are stated. I. Mr. Lacy advises me to withdraw from Mr. Bright's lectures altogether if I do not approve of the maimer in which lie conduct!) them. Let mc tell Mr. Lacv that however much such a course might be pleasing to himself and other freethinkers, an a critic I have no intention of doing anything of the kind, and seeing that these lectures are open to the public, they are surely open to criticism. 2. Mr, Lacy considers my argument anent Mr. Bright's lecture on tho Holy Ghost illogical but considering that . I was reason ing from facts/ the deduction drawn from these was the only possible one. 3. Mr. Lacy asserts that I cannot give an example of Mr. Bright' inconsistency ; but let me offer him just one glaring instance in addition to what I have already adduced. I have frequently heard Mr. Bright say, that for himself he was fixed in his faith and his belief, and in the course of the same lecture he would lay down the broad principle that no one can have a fixity of belief, or one from which he might not swerve to morrow. I. Tho fact of Mr. Lacy not being able to follow me in my criticism is no proof of my being in the wrong, a. I did not affirm that the works of atheistic authors should never be read ; I merely implied that from the exclusive study of such writings the mind becomes biassed and a certain form of belief is apt to follow. If I were not strong-minded enough to be able to read such books as those of Tyndall, Huxley, and Darwin, without fear of having my faith shaken, I should not be found attending such infidel lectures as those of Mr. Bright. 6. I asserted that Mr. Bright never advanced his hearers nearer to tho truth or adduced a single rational con clusion from his lectures. But Mr. Lacy says the conclusion he always draws is " to do to others as we would have others do to us," We surely do not need either Mr. Bright or Sydney freethinkers to teach us such a common place maxim as this. 7. Mr. Lacy has no right to assume, that 'I am ignorant of what spiritualism is, merely because I write agaimit it, for have not many most talented men declared it to be a delusion and a snare, after having given it their most careful study and attention ? 8. I am heartily sorry for the tolerance of the lecturers of ail sects which Mr. Lacy says he has listened to, if it did not exceed iu moderation that of .Mr. Charles Bright. Ja not ridicule the worst kind of insult ? and that pervades every sentence Mr. Bright has ever uttered on sectarian subjects. Was it toleration that induced Mr. Bright to speak of the recent assemblage of reverend gentlemen in such insolent ami ungentle- lnauly language as he made use of the other evening? 9\. Is it toleration that lends Mr. Bright to take advantage of every side-wind to deal a blow at the morality of those who profess a different belief from himself ? Or is it toleration to seek to deprive those reverend gentlemen of their just and honest livelihood? No, it is the spirit of pure jealousy, and the arrogance and cant -of a secular lecturer, who sees nothing except through worldly spectacles, and who aims at the overthrow of others in order to further his own advancement. This opinion, I may say, is not my own alone, but is endorsed every Sunday evening by many who hear him lecture. In conclusion, I would give a few words of friendly advice, both to Mr. Lacy and to his mental instructor, Mr. Bright. I would recommend Mr. attend more closely in future to Mr. Bright's remarks, and he will not fail to detect many of the follies and absurdities of which I have written : and now that Mr. Bright's lectures are about to close in Sydney. J would advise him, when lecturing in any of the adjoining colonies, to have a little more respect for the feelings of reverend gentle men and others, whom he has more than once acknow ledged to be possessed of greater intelligence and more learning than himself. and then he may hope to meet with more lenient criticism than has attended ln'w idphiri'! hi Stvv — Willi-,) Ao " FREETHOUGHT BUT FAIRPLAY. Sytlnev. i'rid Decmlmr, 1H"U. AVo iiic informed on good iiutliority (rtnlcs tho Irish Times.') that a Roman Catholic priest in I ho west ot Ireland is, in consequence of liis expressed disapproval of the meetings held in connection with the land agitation, compelled, for the preser vation of his life, to carry. a loaded revolver, and to be guarded at night by an escort of constabu lary, 