THOMAS MOORE. On the 2Stli day of May a hundred years will have just elapsed since there was born to a Roman Catholic grocer of Dublin, named Jack Moore (who, far advanced in middle-aged bachelor hood, had taken to himself a young wife, Anastasia), a son destined to play a prominent par'; in the literary history of the succeeding half century. The boy was Thomas Moore. He grew up amiast surroundings wtucii were eminently fitted to quicken his precocious talent into activity. As a cent re of wit and eloquence the Irish capital was then unsurpassed in Europe ; and young Moore was almost from his cradle gifted with the qualities ' which insure social success. His gaiety was irrepressible and con tagious. He sang agreeably ; he played on the pianoforte with exquisite skill; and among his more select friends, it was privately' whispered that Tom was an accomplished classical scholar also, of whom the world would one day hear more. It soon became known that he was a poet too,- and the success whbh attended his juvenile song, 'Fly from the world, O Bessie, with me,'' .when warbled in his own. inimitable manner, presaged the triumphs which ho subsequently achieved amidst the brilliant gatherings at ' Bowood ' and Holland House. His mother idolized him ; his friends were proud of him ; and even elderly ' true, blue ' gentlemen, ' who' drank with exomplary regularity 'the glorious, .pious, and immortal memory ' felt towards him little of the contempt with .which they regarded his tellow ' Papists , and regretted that so clever a young dog was not found up'-n the 'right side.' Of his early friend ship with poor Robert Emmet he has himself left an affecting record— of their long walks and conversations together, of which Ireland was generally the theme. How the generous soul of Emmet would kindle into wondrous eloquence as he related some heroic record of ancient story, and drew from it an inspiring hope for the future of ' his own loved island of sorrow ;' — how he started up one day when Moore was playing to him the spirited air, ' Let Erin remember the days of old,' exclaiming, with passionate fervour, '' 'Would that I were marching to that music with fifty thousand men !' — these and many similar -anecdotes are familiar to most readers, and there is no necessity for dwelling upan them. In addition to his classical attainments, Moore early acquired a competent knowledge of Italian and French ; the latter language he spoke in after life with considerable fluency. German was not then considered essential to a polite education, con sequently he remained ignorant of the noble tongue of Goethe and Schiller. But he managed to pick' lip an amount of ' odd out of the way learning,' to use his own phrase, extraordinary in so young a man. He had the entire Greek ethnology at his fingers' ends, and knew besides all that the French and Italian commentators had to say upon the subject. After some hesitation he chose the- law. for his profession, and accordingly in his twentieth year proceeded to London, and was' entered at the Middle Temple. Though his personal acquaint ance at first appears to hare been limited to a few old Dublin friends who had migrated to 'the great capital, he soon became known to a wider circle — his introduction to Earl Moira no doubt facilitating his admission within the magic precincts of what is distinctively known as 'society.' Fortunately for himself, if not for the world, his lines were early cast in pleasant .places. Unlike his countryman, Goldsmith, he did not ' Learn in suffering what he taught in song.' Oxford-street was not to him the ' stony hearted stepmother' of De Quincey's ' ' most musical, most melancholy' apostrophe. He became known to the Prince' Regent, and was graciously permitted to dedicate his translations from Anacrcon to. that august personage. Little did ' the first gentleman in Europe' imagine that the young Irishman on whom he was bestowing his royal patronage would after wai'ds become one of the most tormenting of his In 1S01 Moore published ' Little's Poems,' and in 1803 was appointed ' Admiralty Regis trar ' at Bermuda, whither he went in the . Phæton frigate. How he endeavoured to pass his time during his residence there we learn from the poetical epistle addressed to his friend, Joseph Atkinson. ' 'Twas there in the shade of a calabnsh treo, With a few who could feel and remember like . me, The charm that to sweeten my goblet I threw Was a sigh for the past and a blessing on you. . Do you sometimes remember and hidlow the brim Of your cup with a sigh, as you crown it to him . Who is lonely and sad in these valleys so fair, And would pine in Elysium if friends were not there?' Finding the duties of his new position irksome and unsuitable, he made 'arrangements to have, them discharged by a deputy, and returned to England by way of the United 'States. ' Odes and Epistles ' appeared in 1806. With some objectionable matter, since expunged' from the collected edition of his works, the volume con tained much that fully equalled in sweetness and graceful expression anything — the Melodies not execpted — which he subsequently- produced. Take this — to some fair Bermudian, of whose real- name we are left in ignorance — ,' ' Well, peace to thy heart, though another's it be, And health to that cheek though' it blooms not for me ; ' To-morrow I sail for those cinnamon groves, Where nightly the ghost of the Carribee roves ; And far from the light of those eyes, I may yet Their allurements forgive and. 'their splendour forget. Fare well to Bermuda, and long may the bloom Of the lemon and myrtle its valleys perfume, May spring to eternity hallow the shade, - Where Ariel has warbled and Waller lias strayed ! And thon, when at dawn thou shalt happen to roam By the lime-coloured alleys which lead to thy home, Where oft when the dance and the revels had done, And the stai s were baginning to fade in the sun, I have led thee along and have told by the way What my heart all the night had been burning to say ; — Oh think of the past ! give a sigh to those times, And a blessing for me to chat alley of limes !' One of the characteristic beauties of- Moore's ? THOMAS MOORE. early poetry is the half melancholy note which pervades it. It is never, it is true, of a very deep or emotional character, and is more suggestive of pleasing than mournful associations. Always graceful, and sometimes even touching,. albeit it was inspired by griefs no deeper than those of the young gentleman whom Prince Arthur knew in France1, and who ' Wo\ild be as sad as night ' ? ' Only for wantonness.' ? Indeed about this period of his life, judging from the many effusions to Julias, Fannys, Marys and classical Neas, ouv poet's heart must have been in a constant state of agitation. There is not much of real wavnth or passion in these amatory verses ; but even such lines as the following, from a little poem called the ' Snow Spirit,' ? were scarcely deserving of the ridiculo with which Jeffrey assailed them in the Edinburgh Review : — ' The down from his wing is us Vhito as the pearl That shines from thy lips when they part, And it falls on the green earth as moiling, my gi1'1 1 As a murmur of thine to the heart ; Then ily to that clime where he pillows the death As he cradles the birth of the year ; Oh, bright arc your bowers and balmy their breath, But the Snow Spirit never comes hero !' Overstrained as the metaphors are, there is something about the words which reminds us of those quaint little snatches of melody, scattered among the works of the elder dramatist 9. The Edinburgh Hevieio was then the great authority, on all qitestions of literary merit. Its severe condemnation of Moore led. him to send a letter to the Editor (Jeff icy), in which, in very unqualified language, he called him a liar. A chal lenge was the immediate answer to this communi cation. A meeting was accordingly arranged to take place at ' Chalk Farm,' but as the combatants were about to bo placed in position, some 'Bow- slifct officers' appealed upon tin; scene and ar rested them. On being examined, one of the pi&lols; was found to contain powder only, pro bably the result of carelessness or accident. The affair exeitcel much mirth at the time; Byron's allusion to it in his famous satire is well known — ' Can none remember the eventful day, That ever glorious, almost fatal fray, When Little's leadless pistol met his eye, And Bow-street myrmidons stood laughing bye ?' ' These remarks were very nigh leading to another duel between Moore and the author, of ' Childe Harold,' but fortunately a correspondence which commenced half-angrily, led to a friendship which only terminated with the death of Byron in 1824. Moore and Jeffrey, too, after the abortive duel, became fast friends ; the poet con tributing occasional articles to the Edinburgh. At a subsequent period, indeed, he was offered the editorship of that periodical, a fact which proves the high estimate formed of his general literary ability by the most competent of con temporary judges. In 1811, he married Mis Bessy Dyke, a young lady connected with the theatrical profession, and who made him a most loving and exemplary wife. The first number of the Irish Melodies appeared as early as 1807, and, often interrupted by other labours, they were finally completed in 1834. At last the poet found a theme to inspire him, and devoted him self to it with enthusiastic ardour. He appears to have been conscious from the first that upon this work would finally rest his claims as a literary man, and as the poet par excellence of Ireland. Surpassed by many of his contemporaries in whom, within certain limits, the high poetic faculty was marvellously developed, he already occupied among lyric poets a supreme place. He had not the fire and passion of Byron ; the lofty, philosophic musings of Wordsworth were beyond his reach ; the weird imagination of Coleridge and the ethereal grace of Shelley were wanting to his muse ; but in moulding our in tractable tongue, ' the harsh northern guttural,' as it has been somewhat too contemptuously called, into a softness of cadence which rivalled the liquid sweetness of the Italian, the Irishman stood alone. At least so thought the men and women of his generation, and their opinion was endorsed by the testimony of critics like Jeffrey and Christopher Worth (Professor Wilson); Mais nous avous change tout cela, and some of- the fastidious arbiters of literary taste in our day, have made the discovery that Moore was no poet ! These ultra admirers of the ' spasmodic ' and 'prose gone mad' school of poetry affect a supreme contempt for what they are pleased to term the 'tinsel verse of the author of ' Lallah Rookh.' ' His sparkling fancy, his exquisite melody, are regarded only as tawdry ornaments by a clique who delight in Swinburne, and by whom idiotic ravings which ' never deviate into sense' are considered certain passports to im~ mortality. A writer of some authority not long since asserted, that in the whole of Moore's works he could only find a few- isolated lines that wore really true to nature, or inspired by genuine poetic feeling ! Even Irishmen have taken up this parrot cry, and, when the ' Melodies' are mentioned, pooh, pooh ! the idea of their writer being honoured as tho National poet. That Moore did not write of his native land with a full knowledge of its people, of their loves and hatreds, of their traditions and hopes that he did not interpret the Irish as Burns did the Scottish, and Beranger the French heart, is unquestionably true. But if, as a distinguished Scotchman has acutely remarked, a Minister village, instead of Dublin, had been his birthplace, if he had had less Greek and a little more Irish lore, the resiilt might have been very different. Had his cradle been rocked to the music which, embalming the memories of the past, still at the close of the eighteenth century lingered round many a cottage hearth in Ireland ; had he heard in his youth chaunted, in the sweet old language of the Gael, the grey legends of mountain and glen, we might indeed have fonnd in him a poet whose song would have awakened a l'esponsive echo wherever throughout the world, from the Mississippi to the Murray, Irishmen or their descendants have found a home. Yet, the services which he rendered to his country were neither unimportant nor few. His genius, albeit that it sometimes found utter ance in too artificial a form, won the ear ef the outside world. Even among the unsym pathetic aristocracy of England the ' story of Ireland ' began to arouse a, new interest from the moment that he applied himself to the task of rescuing her beautiful music from the oblivion into which it was rapidly falling, and '' wedding it to immortal verse.' For, despite of hostile and captious criticism, much of Moore's writings will endure, and, like the glorious lyrics of Robert Burns, be inseparably associated with the land whose history inspired them. What says Byron ? ' To me some of his (Moore's) last Erin' sparks — ' Oh, breathe not his name,' 'As a beam o'er the face of the waters,' ' Remember thee,' &c.; — are worth all the epics which ever were penned !' High praise indeeel ! We freely admit, however, that Moore's poetry, beautiful as it is, has never taken hold of the ' masses.' No, it is too learned, too polished for them. But it was, perhaps, its very cosmo politan character, and its want of a distinctively local, or Irish colouring, which gained for it so ready an acceptance on the continent of Europe, and made the name of its author more familiar in Paris, Madrid, Rome, and even St. Peters burgh, than that of any English writer of his time, with the single exception of Lord Byron. ' The. stranger shall hear the lament on thy plains, The sigh of thy harp shall be heard o'er the deep, Till thy masters themselves, as they rivet thy r»li nine - Shall pausj at the song of their captives, and weep.' And his poetic prophecy proved a true one. His pathetic strains, be it for ever recorded to his honour, had a potent influence in sustaining that struggle against bigotry and oppression, which, under the leadership of O'Connell, culminated in Catholic emancipation. The ' Irish Melodies ' inspired the genius of the French Historian Thierry, and the following extract from a letter addressed by that distin guished writer to Moore in 1839, shows how pro found his admiration was for the Irish Poet : — ' Monsieur, — Nothing could give mo greater pleasure than your letter, and the present with which you have been kind enough to accompany it. I am happy to receive from your own hand a work (the Irish Melodies) which I admire so much, and by which, I may say, my own writings have been inspired. It is many years since I learned to regard your patriotic poetry as the wail (cri de douleur) not only of Ireland, but of every other oppressed nation. It is from the strong impression which it made on me, after our dis asters in 1815, that I date the origin of the sentiment which predominates in my Hisloire de la Conquete d? An{/leterre.' Moore on two occasions tried his hand at the drama, but unsuccessfully. The ' Gipsy Prince,' a comic opera, for which Michael Kelly — the importer of music and composer of wines, as Sheridan called him — furnished the music. The other was ' M.P., or the Blue Stocking,' now only remembered by the pretty song — . ' Young Love lived once in a humble shed.' He also produced ;an astonishing numbex* of ?miscellaneous songs and ballads, and above all, i1 some pieces of sacred poetry, which hare taken a ft permanent place in English literature. 'This jn ?world is all a fleeting show,' ' Oh thou who ^ driest the mourner's tears,' are productions which t- seem, to breathe the very spirit of devotional and genuine poetic feeling. ^ In 1817 'Lallah Rookh' was published, Moore sc receiving 'for it the largo sum of 3000 guineas. ni Its success was immediate and complete. The extraordinary fidelity with which Eastern rc manners and scenery are depicted in that work has been admitted even by critics who dispute its merits as a poem. Many of the brilliant word painters who described the pageants which dis tinguished the Prince of Wales' progress though ' India embellished .their articles with quotations *s from ' Lallah Rookh.' It is even said to have ° been translated into the Persian language. To s* this rumour Moore's friend, Luttrel, pleasantly alluded — 'I'm told, dear Moore, your lays are sung (Can it be true, you lucky man?) . By moonlight in the Persian tongue Along the streets of Ispahan.' Beckford's ',Vathek ' has been described as .. the best Oriental romance out of the ' Arabian -r Nights,' yet we very much question if it reflects the colours of the ' Gorgeous East ' as vividly and as naturally as they are reflected in.' Lallah Rookh.' But Moore, whilst picturing Asiatic scenes, had Ireland in his mind's eye. The ?'? Ghebers in their last mountain stronghold resist- t ing their Moslem invaders, recalled to the memory of the poet the history of many a gallant struggle made by an Irish chieftain against the oppressors f of his country. 'Just Allah ; what must be thy look, When such a wretch before thee stands, *~ Unblushing with thy sacred book, 0 Turning the leaves with blood- stained hands, b And 'wresting from its page sublime, £ His creed of lust and hate and crime ?' — d are lines which less accurately describe an Arabian satrap than they do the psalm-singing hypocrite, who, after slaughtering the entire garrison of Drogheda when they had surrendered t on promise of quarter, concluded his letter to the English Parliament describing the event, with I the pious hope ' that all honest hearts may give ^ the glory of this to God alone, to whom indeed j the praise of this mere// belongs.' *] We are by no means of opinion that ' Lallah I Bookh ' has any pretentions to rank as a great poem, but there are passages in it, we contend, of infinite beauty, and which sometimes veiy nearly ] approach the sublime. The albatross flapping his ?wings against the ruined tower, which stands ^ upon ' The Gheber's lonely cliff,' startled n ?. ' To find man's dwelling there, In her own silent fields of air !' A is an image of loneliness and desolation which the a lines of Milton — * ' Mountains on whose barren breast c The lab'ring clouds do often rest' — j scarcely excel. Ear be it from our intention, c nevertheless, to compare Tom Moore with the £ author of ' Paradise Lost ;' it would be as un just as to compare Anacreon with Homer, or ^ Beranger with Eacine. But that our estimate ^ of him is not, as some may suppose, an extrava gant one, we can prove by the testimony of the l most searching and impartial critics. Take, for ^ instance, that of the American Edgar Allan j Poe, whose poetic powers, great as they were undoubtedly (and who that has read ' The f Raven,' or ' Annabel Lee,' can deny that he had a the divine afflatus), must be considered inferior to the fine critical faculty with which he was \ .gifted. His appreciation of the beautiful in art and literature amounted to a passion. isTone had a keener instinct in discerning mere pre tenders to greatness. Yet here is his verdict on , Moore, which we think will be somewhat of a surprise to those avIio, taking their opinions at secondhand, look upon our poet as a mere but terfly bard — a sort of superior ' Haynes Bayley.' ' It has been the fashion of late days to deny Moore imagination while granting him fancy, a distinction originating with Coleridge — than whom no man more fully comprehended the great powers of Moore. The fact is that the fancy of this poet so far predominated over all his other faculties, and over the fancy of all other men, as to have induced, very naturally, the idea that he is fanciful only. Never was a grosser . wrong done the fame of a true poet. In the compass of the English language, I can call to mind no poem more weirdly imaginative in the best sense, than the lines commencing 'I would I were by that dim lake.' ' As a ?writer of humorous and satirical verso Moore has never been surpassed. Swift in some respects was his superior in that species of com position ; but the ' bitter indignation ' of the terrible Dean was foreign to the temperament of the author of the ' Fudge Family.' Swift, not content with prostrating and crushing his foes, dragged their mangled bodies through the dust, as . Hector's was drawn by the chariot of Aclxillos9 ?*'?;? he satire of Pope, like a glittering rapier, some mes merely grazes an opponent's skin, but of toner iflicts a mortal Avound, for ib is steeped in venom ; at Moore — Never carries a heart-stain away on his blade,' nd his raillery in his most ill-natured mood lias -mething so droll about it, that even those jainst whom it was directed could hardly refrain ?om joining in the general laugh. ' Don't you member Tom Moore's description of me at reakfast, Walter,' said George the Fourth to ir Walter Scott, surrounded with — ' ' Plans of saddles, tea and toast, Death- warrants, and the Morning Post.' The first gentleman in Europe ' did not alwaJ9 ike Moore's banter so' good- humouredly. Some f the hits in the Twopenny Post Bag must have ;ung the elderly Adonis to the quick. ' Last night a concert vastly gay Given by Lady Oastlereagh. My Lord loves music, and, we know, Has two strings alwaysto his bow. In choosing songs the Regent named ' Had I a heart for falsehood framed.' ' )r take this from an Ode of Horace, freely ranslated by G. R., and addressed to the Earl of Yarmouth : — ? Come Yarmouth, my boy, never bother .your brains , . . About what your old croney, The Emperor Boncy,. s doing or brewing on Muscovy's plains ; Jrisk let us revel, while revel we may, i^or the gay bloom of fifty soon passes away, And then people get fat' And infirm, and all that ; Lnd a wig, I confess, so clumsily sits, ?hat it frightens tho little loves out of their wits.' iuch verses are laughable still to us, for whom Steorge IV. is only a name ; what must they have -een to a generation in which he 'was a familiar igure. The following description of the Regent Revising new costumes for his .ministers reminds ls of Prior's happiest manner. : ' Let's see,' said the . Regent (like Titus per plexed iVith the duties of Empire), 'whom shall I dress next?' . - ? ? Ie looks in the glass — but perfection is there, Vig, whiskers, and chin tufts all right to a hair ; fot a single ex-curl on his forehead he traces — . ror 'curls are like Ministers, strange as the case is, ?he falser they are, the more firm in their places. lis coat he next views — but the coat who could doubt, ?or his Yarmouth's own Frenchified hand cut it out; Hvery pucker and seam were made matters of state, bid a grand household council wa3 held on each plate !' Chore is a lightness of touch in Moore's, which ve certainly do not find in the productions of my political satirist who has come after him. Compare the voiy best verses which you can see )f this description in any of the leading comic ournals, Punch for instance, with those of Moore m similar subjects, and his superiority is at once ipparent. ' The Loves of the Angels,' published in 1822 ;vas scarcely a success. Though musical and lowing, the inferiority of the poem to Byron's ' Heaven and Earth,' which appeared sinuilta leously with it, was generally admitted. Another production sketched about this time, though not *iven to the world for many years after, was the 'Epicurean,' a romance of the early Christian iges, in poetical prose. It has never in our opinion ?eceived its just meed of praise. There are pas sages in it which, for fine imagination and beauty. 3f description, it would be difficult to surpass. The subterranean garden and temples, and the ilazzling illusions with which the Egyptian priests 3ndeavoivr to win to their expiring cause the aid af tho Athenian; Philosopher, are pictured with the fancy of a poet and the fidelity of an xntiquary. The cold and barren scepticism which the young Epicurean learned in the ' twilight proves of the Academy,' is finely contrasted with the pure light of faith which finally illu mines his soul. We have said that Moore occasionally con tributed articles to the Edinburgh Review. They have lately been re-published with some others of his hitherto uncollected writings, and will well repay perusal, blending, as they do, the wit of a Sydney Smith with the solid learning of a Hallam. The more ambitious prose essays of Moore, 'The Life of Sheridan,' 'The Life, Letters, and Journals of Byron,' ' The Travels of an Irish Gentleman in search of a Religion,' ' The Life and Death of Lord Edward Fitz gerald,' and finally ' The History of Ireland,'; woro all written when be was beginning to fall or had long fallen, into ' the sore and yellow leaf.' We cannot say conscientiously that we over, in his longer works, -admired his prose style much (always excepting tho inimitable articles above referred to, contributed to tho JUdinburgJ. lieview, and which are gems of their kind) ; it ii too ornamental and too laboured; and. seldom ha; the easy grace of his poetry. He was verging 6;h b sixty when he undertook the ' History of Ireland.' t His original intention was to have confined him- v self to a condensed narrative which would perhaps t have been a masterpiece, but the work grew in t his hands, and the labour he expended upon it — . ' for he was always a conscientious workman — ii undermined his health, and so the 'History v of Ireland,' of which so much was ex- v pocted, though full of valuable information, t remains to all intents and purposes a dead -v failure. , . t Iu 1835 a pension of £300 a year was granted c to Moore from the'Civil List, chiefly owing to the s exertions of his friend, Lord John Russell. It i' barely came in time. His capacity for mental --' exertion was now decidedly on the 'wane. His 1 close of his life was darkened by domestic afflic tion. His daughters died early. His eldest 1 son, 'a wild youth,' fell a victim to con- 1 sumption in Algiers,' where he was serving as I an officer in the French ' Foreign Legion.' The i second son died before he reached manhood. ' The poet's favourite sister, Ellen, to whom he 1 was tenderly attached, preceded him to the i grave. One by one he saw ] ' From love's shining circle ] The gems drop away,' i and thus a life which began with such bright | auspices closed, in gloom and sorrow.' A severe ' illness prostrated him. When he recovered ho 1 was an. altered man. His old gaiety was all gone, ( and ? if he occasionally appeared in society, the saddened face and abstracted manner of tho old '. poet contrasted painfully with the spirits of ' his brighter days. His memory began to fail. He made engagements to meet old friends, and forgot them the next moment. The calamity that fell upon Swift, Southey, Scott, and O'Connell darkened the remaining years of Moore. Softness of the brain set in. Tho flame of his brilliant intellect went out, and so he, lingered till finally, in February, 1852, he quietly passed away, watched over to the last by his faithful Bessy. There, is a touching anecdote related of Moore in his latter days, when his helplessness had become almost childish. Somebody — his wife probably— sang ' The Harp that once through Tara's Hall' to him, for his old love of music still survived. The air and the words, ho remarked, were beautiful, and he eagerly inquired ' who was the author ?' There was one song an especial favourite of his, to which he had also composed the music, and' which, whilst his faculties remained, he 'was fond of singing, never without deep emotion. It is so exquisite a specimen of Moore's best style, one of those strains flowing directly from' tho heart, that we quote it here : — ' There's a song of the olden time Falling sad o'er the ear, Like the dream of some village chime, Which in youth we loved to hear. And even amidst the grand and gay, Where music tries her gentlest art, I never hear so sweet a lay, Nor one that hangs so round my heart, As that song of the olden time,' &c.; ' When all of this life is gone, Even the hope of ling'ring now, Like tho last of the leaves left on Autumn's sere and faded bow, 'Twill seem as still those friends we're near, Who loved me in youth's early day, -If in that parting hour I hear The same sweet notes, and die away To that songof the olden time, Breathed like hope's farewell strain, To say that in some brighter clime Life and youth will shine again !' Bowles, famous for his controversy with Byron concerning Pope, used to say of this song, that the music was equal to Purcell, and the words equal to Shakespeare. Mrs. Moore survived her husband many years, and at her death, in 1868, bequeathed the poet's library, his portrait, and a view of Sloperton Cottage, 'to the Royal Irish Acadamy. A letter recently appeared in the London Tablet, in which the writer stated his belief that Moore seceded from the Roman Catholic Church, in proof of which he alludes to the well-known fact that the funeral service was read over the poet's grave by a Protestant clergyman. Though we think the introduction of such a subject on the eve of his centenary is in the very worst taste, yet we feel it our duty to answer it. Moore at the time of his death was in a state of com plete imbecility. It would be folly, therefore, to lay any particular stress upon a matter over which he, in all probability, exercised no control. With regard to his religious convictions, here is his own emphatic statement at the ripe age of fifty-six : — ' Seeing thus the judgment pro nounced in Scripture and in tho writings of the Fathers, respecting the utter unfitness of reason to be the judge of faith, confirmed by the opinions of men so accomplished in all the wisdom of this world,_and finding still further a but too convincing corroboration of the same truth in the ruin brought upon Christianity wherever reason has been allowed to career through its mysteries, I could not hesitate as to the conclusion to which my mind should come.' 'Either Catholic or Deist,' said Fenelon,'/ there is no other alternative ; ' and the appearance which the Christian world wears at this moment fully justifies his assertion. Hail, then, to thee, thou one and only true Church which art alone tho way of life, and in whoso tabernacle alone there is shelter for all this confusion of tongues. In the shadow of thy acred mysteries let my soul henceforth repose, remote alike from tho infidel, who scoffs at their darkness, and the rash believer, who vainly would pry into its recesses.' To this wo may add the testimony of tho late Earl Russell, who, as the literary executor of Moore, enjoyed his perfect confidence, and who, besides, was the most unlikely person to conceal from the world the fact of his friend having em braced Protestantism, if it were really a fact. In his preface to Moore's ' Diary and Letters' the Whig statesman says : — ' Yet he always ad hered to tho Roman Catholic Church, and when in London attended tho Roman Catholic Chapel in Wardour-street. His answer to ja person who tried to convert him to Protestantism was nearly in these terms : — ' I wns born and bred in the 'aith of my fathers, and in that faith I intend to die.' In that intention he persevered to the end. Of two things all who knew him must have beon * persuaded — tho one, his strong feelings of devo tion, his aspirations, his longings for life and im mortality, and his submission to the will of God ; bhe other, his love of his neighbour, his charity, his Samaritan kindness for the distressed, his good will to all men. In the last days of his life, he frequently repeated to his wife—1 Lean upon God, Bessy; leanupon God.' ' A few final words with regard to Moore as a poet. A reaction has certainly set in against the extraordinary popularity which his works enjoyed during his lifetime. A great portion of what was once admired in thorn is already ' fading into distance and dimness.' The ' Loves of tho Angels ' seem as insipid now as the loves of ordinary mortals when they have become things of the past. Sentimental young ladies are better acquainted with ' Locksley Hall,' and the ' Dream of Fair Women,' than they are with the 'Fire Worshippers,' or the 'Veiled Prophet ;' and the Days are gone, though wo hope not for ever, when ' The Harp that onco through Tara's Hall ' was in every drawing room, ' as classical as the hymn to Harmodius.' Yet, however unsparingly posterity may use tho pruning-knif e to his productions — however large a percentage of them may hereafter go to furnish ' alms for oblivion,' enough will remain to per petuate his memory as one of the great lyric poets of all time. Genius has no country. Its empire is not circumscribed by the narrow limits of creed. or race; and though, ag Irishmen, wo may remember with pride that he was our fellow countryman, not to Ireland alone, but to tho world, belongs the fame of Thomas Moore. 