SPECIALITIES. ITS end was peace, and so calm were the last hours that it was difficult to fix the exact moment when its existence ceased. Leigh Hunt, speaking of a dead child, says "Death arrested it with kindly harshness," and by the substitution of M'llwraith for the dread tyrant the remark holds good of the session's decease. Not a sound was heard, not a funeral note; even the pro clamation which was to have been its knell had not been seen or heard of on that last fatal Tues day morning. And yet it is all over, and the hall that but yesterday resounded to the phrenried eloquence of Price, the wild incoherence of Hen* dren, or the dulcet bleatings of the member for Mitchell, is now left to the tenantcy of the motes and flies and winged nothings that warm them selves in the slanting sunbeams glinting across the empty chamber. We would, in our large chanty, that it were otherwise with deceased sessions than with departed men. The evil that men do lives after them ; the good is oft interred with their bones. So let it not be with the ses sion of 1879. In our large heartedness—result ing probably from our intense secret joy that the darned old nuisance is dead and buried, with no heir to trouble us till May next—we mag nanimously drop all heartburning and bitter ness into its grave, and salute with a beaming tenderness of farewell the legislators who have contributed' their wisdom, their folly, and their frothy denunciations to fill our pages. They have kept us from our rest full many a night till our endurance became a surprise and a marvel to us. We have realised the troubles of poor old Titho nus as their Strong hour* indignant Beat us down and marred and wasted ua, And, though thay could not end ua, left ua maimed to recover at our leisure through the recess. In our joy at having escaped from the galling yoke of " Hansard," we can offer a kindly farewell greet ing to every hon. member who can lay his hand upon bia heart and acquit himself of the cowar dice of having profited by his privilege to utter peevish slanders for the gratification of personal malice. We believe happily there are few of our legislators who cannot do this, and should there be auy ignoble exception we have no more hostile sentiment for him at our disposal than a pitying and profound contempt. The yoke of custom is not easily broken, and we have heard of one bel ligerent furiously seeking the arena after the dust and din of battle had ceased in the perfect calm of the deserted field. Hendren was asleep in the smoking-room, his head pillowed on a spittoon, when the member for Mackay, with that volatile exuberance that is one of the characteristics of his harmless nature, bethought him of the division bell. Amhurst is the child of impulse. The thought is the instant parent of the deed, so that in three minutes the galvanic current was violently agitating every bell in the House. Then Hendren rose and stretched himself. The bell continued ringing, and instinctively obeying its clamor the member for Bundanba hurried into the Chamber, where for twenty minutes he implored with wildest gesticulations the empty chair to inform him what was the question before the House. This was the final act of the session. A report that the junior member for Wide Bay is about 1o be despatched to England as the ambassador of the Opposition and to keep an eye on the doings of the Premier has obtained some currency. We are not so much in the confidence of the gentlemen who sit on the left hand of the Speaker as to be able to say whether Price has really been appointed to a similar office to that intended for Henderson Africanus by the Victorian Opposition. If he has been, we must say that in their choice of a detective the Opposition have made a mistake. M'llwraith requires watching, we will admit, only he is so very artful that it ia ecarcely easier to catch him nappiugthantlie proverbial weiim-l.and aguardiaD, therefore, who ia likel) to yield to the attraction of cheap drinks will be no match whatever for him. It is possible, however, that the emissary of the Opposition may require watching even more than the Treasurer. Unless we are mis* taken, it was he who strongly advised the Premier to borrow six millions instead of three, and divide it fairly betwetn the two sides of the House. Perhaps he goes home with an idea of carrying out this partition by book or by crook. Since he can't get three millions for his share, he may be content with one and a-half. We strongly recommend the Treasurer to keep as sharp a look-out on Price as Price is going to keep on him ; and, above all, when he has placed the loan not to carry the proceeds about with him loose in his pockets. But if he does carry on any foolery of tbe kind we would »«k as a {■ersonal favor t!:at. tbe husinee* may be timed bo ,i« to \h- t.l.yn.j b><\ t.) lift in tiui«! f"i tiiv ('hij-tt maa nuuib.-r ot the Queenatander. A good stwiy might be got out of it, with lots of uensational incidents—attempt to steal the portmanteau con taining the debentures from the train crossing the Rocky Mountains ; destruction of an hotel in New York in an attempt to blow open tbe safe where they were kept; and, finally, the garrot ing of the Premier aa he came out of the Bank of England with three millions in gold in his pockets. That Welsh is the language spoken in heaven we have always been given to understand; but we must confess that our religious seal has not been much stimulated on that account, or was not until the other day, when we happened to chance upon an account of the " Machynlleth Eistedd fod." This would seem to be a sort of dress rehearsal for the heavenly sphere. Burning with a desire to get some insight into the celestial tongue, we devoted our time, whether success fully or not we can't say, to practising pronoun cing it, and having—to our own satisfaction and the utter dispersion of all the neighbors, the silencing of the bells of St. John's, and the spread ing of a report that murder was being committed in George-street—succeeded, we went gaily on until we came to the following, and it pulled us up uncommonly short; so short that we have not got our tongue untied yet, and several ambi tious friends who pooh-poohed the difficulty, and volunteered to read it the first shot, are now being brought to with "smiles and soap." Try it, 0! daring reader, try it yourself; read it aloud in Queen-street and see if you are not "run in" for abusive language ; recite it to the loved one of your affections and tee if she does not go away in tears to tell her mamma you swore at her. Here it is verbatim from the report in the Otwttry Advertiser ; take a good long breath, a •tiff glass of grog, and abut your eyes :— The morning opened fins, and a large number of people entered Machynlleth from all direction!. At 9 o'clock tbe gonedd m opened in the park, according to the ancient ritee and curtoms of the Welsh bards, by Llew Llwyfo. The prayer wu read by Mr. Richard Ree* (Maldwyn), and the following engljnlon wu recited by Alwenydd and Maldwyn :— Heddyw mwyniant ddymuuwn— a'ndeflon Difvra fawrygwn, A nodwedd hofr em dydd hwn, Yw gonedd plant y Oarsiwn. Gonedd vac urdd na gwersi—nl waa fyth, Neb jn fardd o yni, O anian rhald ci eni, A'r ddawa ynddo'n llawn fel lli. In the interests of the public we did not confess ourselves vanquished at the first attempt; wa tried it phonetically (aa well as we could), and this is what we made of it, dropping the H at the commencement:— " Eddy man ain't the moon—a deaf 'un, Thefore four gim, A ' nodwedd's' off eye did harm, The cussed plant of Gar's shin." This was the only translation we could make of it, but it seemed to us very much like sheer non sense ; we were not sufficiently satisfied with it to attempt the second verse, or "englyn," or whatever the right name of it is. However, we were not to be done ; if we could not translate it we would at least get through the report some how ; sometimes as we blundered on we got a gleam of light, as when we read that Mr. Ceiiiog Hughes rose on the maen Hog, or the central stone of the gonedd. This was so evidently meant for "main log," although for some reason they chose to call it a stone, that we felt ever so much better after it But our worst trouble was yet to come : w<\- learnt that the judges were justified in awarding the prize of 10s. for the best epigram (englyn), " V llogell.' 1 Best, William Jones, Curria, who sent in the following :— " Gwniedig agen ydyw—y llogell Egyr hael heb ystryw; Cod astrns gwanc a diitryw, A bedd i aur y eybydd yw." Now this epigram fascinated us ; we felt that it had a colonial bearing in some way—an inward voice told us that it was something about Grif fith, but we failed utterly in our endeavors to render it into English. Still we are determined not to be outdone by an Eisteddfodd or any other man. We herewith offer a prize of ten shil lings for the best translation of tbe above epigram; every candidate to enclose one shil ling's worth of stamps with his answer, and no prize will be awarded unless ten answers are forthcoming. In order to give candidates a start we append a few translations of titles of pieces of music from the oratorio of Jeremiah. This is for the candidate, after reading the epigram once through, he'll render it " Achub, Arglwydd." "My heart is pained !" When he wants to utter this exclamation he'll be kind euough to sing out "Gofiduß Wyf." When in despair be criea, " Cull this nothing I" he'll put it " Onid gwaeth genych chwi!" But all competitors are cautioned not to practise the above within hear ing of their fellow-men. We do not wish to bring on bloodshed in Brisbane. We unhesitatingly aay—though we must beg the reader to pardon our enigmatic speech for the sake of the moral it conveys—that it is a bad thing for any man to steep his legs in alcohol. Morover, as man is prone to weak-mindedti<si, ai d too often allows others to do fur him that from which his owd good f-etifp revolt*, we must lay dowi » m. re cumprthrn.-ivr prop, rifnij \>\ affirm ing it to be not only reprehensible fur a inrnx to steep his legß in alcohol but to allow others to do it for him. Leaving moral dangers out of the question there ia always the possibility of sacrific ing personal possessions by bucu a vicious prac tice. We have heard of many instances of gentlemen whose exuberant conviviality induced a suspicion as to whether their legs belonged to them, and we are not aware of any precedent that determines the exact point at whioh an in dividual loses the legal possession of his nether limbs. " A jar of alcohol," however, would, we Bhould have thought, have put the stoutest limbs beyond their original owner's possession. Knowing the disruptive effect of family jars we can not imagine any man having the impudence, after being divorced from his limbs by such rude in fluences, to attempt to regain possession of them by a legal process. Yet the Pall it all gives such a case in the following terms: — A point of great delicacy is involved in a lawsuit which haa been commenced in the Bupreme Coutt of the District of Columbia in the United Bute*. It seems that the applicant for the writ waa some time ago lelzed with a malignant malady which rendered the amputation of hia legi necessary to save his life. The surgeon who attended the afflicted plaintiff took the amputated limb* to the Medical Museum, where they were placed in a jar of alcohoL Their owner imagined that they had been buried, but lately, to his diigußt, learned that they were on exhibition at the Army Museum, with hia name written on a card placed at the top of the jar. He at once put the matter in the hands of hia legal advisers, who recommended him to recover possession of his limbs. It i* expected that, in the event of hia succeed ing in obtaining hia legs again, other actions will be brought by various persons having amputated limbs in the museum. Should the claimant succeed in this nuit for the recovery of his limbs, what doctor will be safe ? Legal processes and damages being added to the many anxieties of the profession th .• healing art will be handicapped out of existence. Patients, with vague yearnings for the ghosts of nearly forgotten limbs, will be stimulated into such litigious activity as will make a surgeon's exist ence an unprofitable nightmare. 