THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Expebeekges oe as Edeetbubgh Detective.—No. CXII. [Published by special arrangement with the ' Author.] ' BURIED ALIVE. I have often been struck with the amount of ingenuity displayed by some swindlers in the execution of their schemes, one half of which, expended on an honest project, would certainly have brought a greater re ward. The real secret of this is that crime is but a series of steps, artfully concealed in their descent by flowers, each step ap pearing for the moment the last. It is only the first glimpse of a crime which makes it appear easy; but after the first few steps are taken, then and then alone does the infatuated wretch become aware of the terrible struggle and exertion before iim. These thoughts have been prompted by conning over my notes of the following case; but I do not give them as anything wonderful or new. The same fact was laid down some thousands of years ago—" the way of transgressors" was "hard" then, and, however slow deluded humanity may be to believe it, it will be hard to the end of time. Dejwia McCarthy wag one of the laziest men in Edinburgh. He was a skilled worker—if we can concede skill to mixing lime and carrying bricks—and so strong as to put every laborer beside him. to shame ; yet, having ingeniously got himself enrolled as a member of three different sick and burial societies, he suddenly took the idea into his head that to earn eighteen shillings a-week by being sick was a great deal better than earning fifteen by hard work. For the larger sum he had only to lie in his bed and smoke, and pull on a long face and sickly aspect when the doctor appeared, while for the smaller sum he had to sweat from six in the morning till six at night, wet or dry, foul or fine. Dennis chuckled hugely over the idea, and thought himself clever and smart in being able to carry it j out successfully whenever the lazy fit came on him. But one fact never crossed his cunning brain—that by doing so he was to spit himself up to all time as a Cheat and a Swindler. Besides, Dennis was ignorant as the pigs, and would probably have thought such terms synonymous with cleverness and greatness. Ignorance is the parent of crime—the deadener of the con science—the dark cloud which keeps back sunshine and purity from so great a part of I the earth—and till it is rolled away it is hopeless to expect low cunning, rascality, and felony to cease. But there was another view of the matter still which neyer crossed Dennis's cunning brain—namely, that crime being a series of downward steps, there was no saying where it might land him before he was done with it. Dennis was not singular in the over sight. Nearly every criminal blunders in the same way, and if you were to point out that many a one from stealing eggs has come to the gallows, they would indig nantly raise their eyes and say, "That's true; but you don't suppose for a moment that I would be such a fool ?" It is always some one else in this world who is the fool —never ourselves. It chanced, however, that Dennis, in his attempt to keep up the deception, was bitten at last. As he professed to be so dreadfully ill that to get out of bed even for five minutes made him suffer for a week after, it followed that any open air exercise that he indulged in had to be taken stealthily and at night—at the very hour, indeed, which the rules of the societies expressly forbade him to be abroad in. Lying steamed up in his bed all day, and rising and slipping out for a spree on a wet misty night in March gave him such a shock that for three weeks he was really laid up with bronchitis, a trouble he had never known before. His crime was actually bringing its own punishment; for the confinement was enervating a robust system, which all the hard work before had only seemed to build up and make stronger. But did this real attack — which the doctor actually for a time looked grave over—pull up Dennis and make him think better of his ways ? Not a bit of it. It only sent his thoughts wandering after a still better stroke of business; and it hap pened that his wife Molly, in consoling him on his recovery between the puffs at her pipe by his bedside, was the first to suggest the idea to his fertile brain. "Ochoue! but it's meself would have been the rich widdy if ye had died," she feelingly remarked, "for I'd get seven pounds from each society, and niver a neighbor be the wiser. Three times seven is twenty-wan—and yer father, like as not, would pay for the berryin' of ye. Twenty wan pounds! Couldn't I toss me head then and turn up me nose at the pore paiple, an' go off to Americay, an' be com fortable ever after ?" " Yes, but ye forget that I would be lyin' dead and cowld in the ground," grimly re marked Dennis, turning over in bed to light his pipe from her own. " Ye wouldn't have yer husband wid ye." "Faith, I don't know," gravely remarked Molly, forgetting that she was forty and excessively ugly; "a widdy with money need never go long idle." "Och, ye Jezebel!" was Dennis's only remark; but he puffed harder after it, a? if her words had set him thinking. "But there's no need to spake of it now, for ye're nearly well, an' may live a long time yet," pursued Molly, with a thought ful look and a faint sigh. DenniB said nothing, but raked up the tobacco in his pipe, with a kindling in his eye almost as bright and lurid as the glow ing tobaceo. "Twenty-wan pounds!" he slowly re marked, stopping to spit. "Sure, it's a mightv fine sum; we could do a lot wid that." " Not we," said Molly, in gentle correc tion, "for you would be dead, ye know." "But I mane if I wasn't dead," said Dennis—"if I was livin'." "Livin'P y9 Conauch donkey," echoed Molly, with supreme contempt. "IIow could ye get the money then ?" "Ay, how?—that's it," said Dennis, scratching his head vigorously. " 'Twould be worth tryin' a lot for—twenty-wan pounds!" and as he relapsed into silence he seemed to see the money, all iu bright golden sovereigns, resting heavily in the palm of his hand. Dennis thought and thought, and scratched his head and smoked more pipes of tobacco than he had done for many a night before. More—he and Molly con versed lone and eagerly on one subject—a rare occurrence with both—and before they had finished had come to a most amicable agreement—which was a more uncommon circumstance than all the others put to gether. Perhaps it was the excessive smoking or thinking that did the mischief, but Dennis next day certainly appeared to the doctor to have had a relapse. He was asleep, and the room carefully darkened, so that he might enjoy undis turbed " the only rest he had had for three days;" hut his breathing as the doctor stooped noiselessly over him to listen seemed ominously heavy and slow. Molly, as might he expected, was in tears, and most voluble in her grief, but appeared to stifle all to enquire if the doctor " thought Dennis was any better." "Does bis appetite continue good?" gravely asked the doctor, speaking low, that poor Dennis might not be awakened. " Good ?" cried Molly, in a heart-broken tone; the poor cratur' hasn't ate a bite this week an' more. Sure I duuno bow be lives; an' he's that weak that a puff ov wind 'ud blow him over if he was to venture out of bed." " Ob, that will never do," said the doctor, who, beiDg paid for such patients by con tract, was rather pressed for time, and not the most knowing in the profession. " We must keep up the strength of the system at whatever cost. There is nothing, to he alarmed at in the symptoms," he formally added, convinced that Dennis was sinking rapidly, "but I wonldrecommendyou to pro cure some brandy and administer it to kiifi. every hour or so, mixed with the white of an egg" " Oh, doctor! dear doctor!" cried Molly, in a howl of grief that quite teok the heart of the young medical attendant, "ye don't mane to tell me I'm to live to he a widdy, after all ? Ochone. ochone! to he left with out ever a man to protect me, and all my friends in Americay " " Ilush, hush!" put in the doctor, seiz ing his hat and hastily making for the door to escape the storm of grief; " do as I have directed, and hope for the best;" and bidding her good day, he hurried off to his next patient, feeling almost certain that he would soon have one less in the absence of Dennis McCarthy. Perhaps if bis ears had been sharper be might have heard Molly's howl ofgriefmergeintoafitof laugh terwhich thieatened to choke her a3 he got beyond 1 hearing; but such occasions are luckily not often made the subject of merriment, so he departed unsuspicious. The home of the McCarthys, I may here explain consisted of two miserable apart ments in the Cowgate. The rooms were not connected but situated at the end of a dark passage with two doors facing each other. One room sufficed for Dennis and his wife, and the other was generally let out to a couple of poor lodgers. At the time of Dennis's illness, however, this room had only a single occupant, and he was not a little surprised to find himself sud dentlv turned out for a trifling debt, and with a gruff intimation from Molly that she needed the room to herself. On the following day when the doctor called as amatterof formhe was not surprised to be met by Molly with a flood of tears, eye-moppings, and inarticulate " whirra whirras. At first Molly could only point to the bed where Dennis had Iain, which the doctor saw now was empty, but by-and bye she managed to gurgle out— " Ok, doctor, why didn't you tell me the end was so near. Poor Dennis never came round again after I gave him the brandy ye ordered; and however it came about I dunno, for he was the strongest man in the Cowgate, and used to say that he could lift | a mountain on his head " ! " What P is the poor fellow really gone ?" said the young doctor, rather staggered in spite of his forebodings. "Yes, and mebbe if it hadn't been for you and your kindness he wouldn't have lived so long," artfully suggested Molly, with fresh moppings at her eyes. " Mebbe ye would like to see the corpse, doctor, which I have laid out beautiful in the room opposite " "Oh, no, it is not necessary—perhaps it will only distress you needlessly ?" kindly replied the doctor. Nevertheless he allowed her to lead the way to- the door of j the room in question, which she unlocked | with some difficulty, as if the key had become rusty in the wards and refused to turn quickly in the lock. The room was almost dark, but on a bed in the corner the doctor could see a stiff white .outline, which, inexperienced as he was, he had already become familiar with. Molly lifted back the top of the sheet for a brief second, giving him a glimpse of a white face beneath, and talking volubly all the time, and then she dropped it hurriedly and re sumed her passionate outcry in a way that made the young doctor retreat quickly without once touching the body or examining it in any way. At the door Molly's howls increased, "and hastily mut tering some words of consolation, ths doctor slipped five shillings into her hand and departed—perhaps to feel depressed for the remainder of the day, after being witness to such a scene of woe. The same day he reported, at the Registrar's request, that he had attended Dennis McCarthy, now deceased, had seen the body after death, and assigned the cause of death to bronchitis. The same day the dis consolate Molly reported the circumstance to the Secretary of the three burial societies, and had the satisfaction of learning that in a day or two she would be the happy possessor of the longed-for twenty-one pounds. Now thus far everything had seemed to flow easily and smoothly to the desired end; but here, through the fears, or per haps greed, of the principal characters con cerned, there was to come the first slight check. Molly had flattered herself that her prospects of wealth would be quite un known to her neighbors; but in this she was completely mistaken. Her neighbors were not different from other people's neighbors, and they knew her affairs just as well as she did herself, and, as a natural consequence, prepared themselves for grand entertainment when poor Dennis was "waked." Sympathy of the most touching and appropriate kind was showered on the lonely widow, the very singularity of her conduct in not showing the body to one was forgiven and overlooked, for were they not one and all to look on Dennis's face when making their "k«en" at his wake ? And would there not be whisky and pipes and 'baccy enough to make • amends for all the poor widow's short comings ? Alas, for the short-lived hopes of selfish humanity! The eventful night came, and the dire news spread from one end of the Cowgate to the other—Dennis was to have no wake! Then, indeed, the rumors and stories which had only floated dimly and vaguely from one to another assumed form and shape; and wild and in coherent and wide of the truth though they were, they were destined to rouse more than one into activity and curiosity. The very night that the wake ought to have taken place brought the Secretary of one of the burial societies up to the Head Office—just as McSweeny and myself were about to leave for the night. " I want to see if you can help me in a quiet way in a matter which may be a great swindle or only a very ordinary occurrence," the man said, after he had given me his name and occupation; and he there and then proceeded to put before us an outline of the facts I have here de scribed, so far as they were known to him self. " Now this Dennis McCarthy is one of the most cunning rascals we have ever had on our books," he continued, after describing the formal announcement of the death. " He is one of those, I am convinced, who make it a business to get on a few societies, and then live off them by shamming sick ness. Now, I don't place much reliance on reports and idle stories, but nothing would surprise me less than if you were to dis cover that the man is really playing a double game." " You mean not dead ?" I said, while my chum emitted a long and expressive whistle. " I do mean that, and nothing else." " Then how do you account for the doctor being deceived ?" I asked. " Do you con sider him an incompetent man—a knave— or a liar ?" "Neither," was the ready, reply. "I simply think that the man he saw might have been really dead; but how are we to know that that man was Dennis McCarthy ? "What is to hinder a rogue from putting j another dead person in his place, and then keeping out of sight till he has robbed a few Societies of their funeral moneys r" I was staggered by the thought, and for a moment silenced; but the ready wit of my chum dissipated my faith in the in genious suggestion. " Sure, then, the doctor must have bin as blind as a bat not to know the difference in the two faces," he remarked. • "Besides, there would be others always droppin' in, and they wouldn't be so easily chated." " That is just what I wish to be con vinced of," acutely returned the Secretary. " So far as I have learned all his acquaintances have had only the merest glimpse of the body—some have even been refused blankly. If I could be convinced that the body really is that of Dennis McCarthyH would trouble no more in the matter—I would be rather glad than other wise that he would torment and cheat us no more." "Then why not go down and look [at the body yourself ?" " Because it would damage the reputation of the Society to appear too suspicious. If one of you would undertake the task, as an entire stranger, and find from the description which I will give you of his features that it is really he, then no. harm will be done, and the money will be paid without demur. But to raise a row might lose us not seven pounds but seven hundred." " Then give me that job," said McSweeny with energy; " I'll soon tell ye whether he's the man or not; andif so he as the two happen to he as like as peas in a plate, why, I'll find out the chatin' tliaves some other way. Go on wid yer description." Quite delighted at having shifted a dis agreeable task off his own shoulders on to ours, the Secretary proceeded to describe Dennis minutely, giving, among other things, three distinct peculiarities by which he might he unmistakeahly identified— namely, a couple of teeth out in the front, a twist in the nose, and a long spade mark across the forehead, caused by a gash re ceived accidentally years before. It was now too late for action; besides which McSweeny wished to have as good a light as possible for the inspection of the suspected body; so, after arrauging for a meeting at the funeral next day, we left the Office together and separated to our several homes. The funeral, which all the disappointed " wakers" said had been hurried on with indecent haste, was appointed for 4 o'clock in the afternoon, but long before that hour McSweeny, suit ably attired for an Irish funeral, ascended the stair in the Cowgate and knocked gently at Molly's door. After a long delay the door was unlocked and opened about an inch, to show a narrow strip of Molly's ugly face — quite enough to convince McSweeny that she was in a bad temper and would require delicate handling. McSweeny, however, was ready for the occasion; and, putting on his most sooth ing smile, he slowly produced and held up under her nose a bottle of whisky, saying, in a doleful tone— " Mrs. McCarthy, I couldn't do widout a last look at Dennis, poor boy, before he is shoved in the cowld earth, an' I made so bowld as to come up before the rest of the paiple and have a drop for better luck to you in your next husband." Molly scowled, and at first tried to ex cuse herself on the ground that she was both busy and distressed; but McSweeny, gradually making sure that he had struck her weak point, kept at her till she craned up her scraggy neck and turned the eye that didn't squint affectionately on the neck of the bottle in his hand, and then his simple enquiry as to whether she had | a corkscrew did the rest, and he was ad- I mitted. " But, sure now, I don't remember hear- I ing Dennis ever spake of ye," she remarked, after drinking McSweeny's very good health, and receiving his name simply as "Barney." "Let's see, now—Barney? Barney?—what's yer other name now ?" "Just Barney and nothing else," said McSweeny, cautiously. " Ye wouldn't know me by the other—neither did Dennis, poor sowl. But I'll have to be goin', though to be sure I'll come along to the funeral: only I wouldn't rest in me bed if I didn't see him afore he's screwed down. I'll just lave the bottle wid ye—ye'll need it all, poor woman, to keep up yer strength; and if ye'll let me have a look at the corpse I'll never forget ye," and McSweeny put on one of his sweetest and most irresistible looks, but was astonished to find for once that there was a widow in the world that was not particularly anxious to hook him. It required much persuasion and wheedling on his part to gain his point; but at last she did, get down the key and cross the passage to rattle it noisily in the lock. So hard, indeed, did the task of turning the key appear that at last McSweeny politely took the job in hand, and turning'the key without difficulty, found himself in a very dark room—with a coffin at the darkest end, resting on a bed, with the lid at the side. Now came the tug of war—and it did not take many moments watching to con vince McSweeny that Molly was only acting a part, and that her grief was no more real than his own professed sympathy. McSweeny was hurried up to the coffin, where he got a hasty glimpse of the white face of a man; but as there was a white band across the brow, he could not tell whether it covered a scar, and as the lips were closed he could not tell whether two teeth were awanting. The nose, indeed, had a twist, but McSweeny had seen that peculiarity at many a " wake," where it had never been seen before, and remained both unsatisfied and unconvinced. The artful Molly hurried him away from the side of the coffin, saying in her wild de monstrations of grief that it always upset her to be near it; but confused as McSweeny was with her noisy chatter he yet had sense enough to do one business like feat. The key had. remained in the lock since their entrance; and seeing Molly overpowered with grief he took upon himself the office of locking up the room, which he did in a way of his own—noisily locking and unlocking it, trying it by the handle and apparently finding it secure, and then gravely handing the key to the distracted widow as if all was right. "The sly chate of the world wouldn't give me a right look at him. Begorra, there's something at the bottom of it, and I'll come back an' see him in spite of her. Good-by, Mrs. McCarthy. Ochone, don't ax me to spake to ye, for I can't—good-by, good-by. Poor" Dennis! poor Dennis!" and, shaking her impressively by the hand, and mopping his eyes with considerable dramatic skill, he left the passage and went noisily clamping down the stairs. He was not long down—in fact, he was never once out of the stair. After waiting for a minute or two below, he crept up on tip-toe, and, while Molly perhaps wa3 suck ing hard at the bottle he had left, slipped along the passage and softly opened the door he had pretended to lock, and as gently closed it behind him. And now. comes the strangest miracle that I have ever had to record. The moment his soft footfall sounded on the floor, the corpse in the coffin rose to a sitting position, saying aloud— "Molly, ye blasted Oh!" and as the last sound was emitted from the dead lips the body popped down again into the coffin, and appeared dead as before. McSweeny seeing a dead man open his eyes and use his tongue, gave a cry of terror, which Molly, had she been on the alert, could not have missed hearing, and instantly started for the door. He did not even wait to close it after him, but flew as if a troop of goblins were at his heels. At the first landing, however, he stopped, a little ashamed of himself for fearing a ghost ' in broad daylight. "I must have been mistaken—sure, the dead can't move," he whispered to himself. , " If they could, they wouldn't bury them, and if I was to tell it to Jamie he'd only laugh at me, and tell everybody else. I'll go back an' finish me work." This was easily said; but though the sun was shining brightly on his pallid face it took some time to get enough firmness in his shaking legs to convey him back to the room he had flown. Listening breathlessly to make sure that Molly had not been alarmed, he again softly closed the door, and this time walked boldly to the window, and threw open the shutters to their widest. The room was still dark, as the window faced a dead wall, but not neearly so bad as before; and McSweeney gradually crept closer and closer to the coffin, ready to fly at a moment's notice should it again make the slightest move ment. Three different times McSweeney advanced his hand to raise the white flap covering tbe still face, and as often did he bring it back with a shrinking shudder. The third time he chanced to drop his fingers on the coffin lid in front; and as he gripped it hard to support or steady him self he was astonished to feel the cloth with which it was covered sink under his fingers as if covering not a solid board but a rough hole knocked in the wood. At first McSweeny started, then he lifted the coffin lid, and Mew through the miserable coffin cloth to convince himself, and then paused—winked knowingly, with the point of his finger raised to his nose, and emitted a dumb whistle; while the roguish twinkle in his eyes would instantly have told any one who could have seen it that at last he had grasped the secret. Now, McSweeny had been frightened— had shown that he was frightened, and nothing piqued his professional vanity more than the discovery of this weakness. Be fore the grin mantling his face had sub sided, he had determined to be revenged. " If any one had seen me run, they would have thought I wasf rightened," lie said aloud, " but I wasn't: for, of course, I knew 'twas only the nerves made the thing move, which I'va heard tell are mighty strong in some corpses. I've a good mind to screw it down with this owld carpenter's chisel, to keep it from frightening any of the other paiple and McSweeny roguishly listened at the coffin, as he noisily placed the perforated lid on the top of it, to hear what effect the threat would produce. But there was no sound or movement; and, true to his word, he very coolly put the lid in its place and screwed it down. This done, he softly stooped and examined a sack in a corner of the room, and was not surprised to find it filled to the top with stones and earth, such as might be used to weight a coffin when there was no body to go into it. Again McSweeny winked, and again the finger went expressively up to touch his nose; and then, seating himself beside the coffin, he thrust his finger through the cloth wherever he could feel a hole in the wood, saying aloud— "Och, Dennis, my jewel, but yeVe got more air in yer cofim than ye have in yer poor body. Ochone, ochone! to think that ye'il never walk the street again except wid yer feet first and the paiple carryin' ye! Oh, whirra, wliirra! to think that paiple should be living one day and dead the next!" Here there was a perceptible motion within the coffin, and McSweeny had some difficulty in forcing back a laugh and con tinuing his " keen." » Poor Dennis! poor soul!" pathetically continued McSweeny: "somebody else'il carry his hod of lime and whistle just the same when carrvin' it as he did himself. Another man '11 eat his praties and marry his widdy, and then get all the benefit of his funeral money. Och, ye poor sinner, ve'll be buried in the cowld earth while we're all drinkin' your very good health in a noggin pf potheen. Och, Dennis, me jewel, why did ye die ?" An ordinary mourner would soon have tired and gone off; but not so McSweeny. It still wanted two hours of the time appointed for the funeral, and for nearly the whole of that time did he patiently sit there "keening" over Dennis and satiri rically heaping up his virtues to the skies. Then some of the people invited to the funeral began to arrive; and, after showing them in, McSweeny began to get anxious as to the non-appearance of Molly. Step ping into the opposite room, he found her in a helpless condition on the floor, but at last roused her sufficiently to make her aware that the people were beginning to assemble for the funeral. After several ineffectual attempts to rise, Molly gripped McSweeny hard by the arm, and drew him down till bis ear was in full range of her whisky-laden breath— " Whist, ve devil—listen,"she thickly got out. "When the coffin's screwed down, bring them all in here—the undertaker and the rest—to get a drop o' drink; while I o-o in the room, all by meself, to see that it's all right. Faith, that whisky's taken mv head, an' I dunno how I'm to howld the screw- driver. Whisht, what am I sayin' ? I said the cork screw, darliu the cork screw. I'll get a batin' for tasting, I know I will; Bedad, I've a moind—a good moind—to go to sleep an' let thmas teclcc theii own course.'" "But sure now the coffin's screwed down all right,"'said McSweeny, with twinkling eyes T " and whisht!—whisper a moment— it feels heavy—just as if there was stones and earth in it, instead of poor Dennis." "Och then Dennis is all right," gasped the drunk woman, with a sign of satisfac tion, taking a pull at the bottle. " He's screwed it down himself without waitxn for the undertaker." " How could a dead man screw down his coffin, and himself in the inside of it ?" cried McSweeny, beginning to wish that I would arrive and put an end to his thicken ing difficulties. "Och, Molly, ye've been ! drinkin', that's plain, or ye would never spake like that." A few sleepy grunts was the only answer he received, and after lifting her into a more comfortable position he left the room, and was horrified to find on returning to the place opposite that the undertaker had arrived, made fast the screws which McSweeny had hastily driven home, and was now impatiently asking if they would proceed to the churchyard. A few words explained the helpless condition of the only person who had any say in the matter, and the nearest relative thereupon ordered the coffin to be borne downstairs. McSweeny followed with a palpitating heart and all his fun gone, faintly hoping that he might find me and the Secre tary at the bottom of the stair according ing to arrangement. It happened, ^ how ever, that we were both late, and did jnot make up to the procession until it had entered the Canongate burying-ground, where I was astonished to find McSweeny looking as pale as death itself, and so alarmed as hardly to be able to gasp out the words at his tongue's end— "By all the holy saints, Jamie, don't let them put that coffin in the ground!" he cried, with chattering teeth. "There's a livin' man in it! Begorra, there is, for I heard him spake!" "While he was forcing the words out the coffin was being lowered into the ground, and though no sound was to be heard issuing from the inside, the unwonted terror of my chum instantly roused me to action. In spite of the cries and threats of the mourners I forced them to draw up the coffin and make the undertaker draw the screws. With a wrench and a tear I then pulled back the flap of the shroud and dis closed the white features of Dennis McCarthy—not dead, but insensible and cold with the horrible terror he had en dured by the threatened burial alive. For a time McSweeny was afraid that the fright had killed the man, and discreetly held his tongue regarding the hand he had 'had in the affair; but when he at last was brou°ht round, and said that "since his death he had felt as if he was in a trance like," McSweeny grinned, and exchanged with him a knowing wink, the meaning of ■which I was only to learn long after. The papers were allowed to publish their account of a "Narrow Escape from Premature Burial" unquestioned; but^ I had my suspicions that, though the burial societies saved their moneys, McS weeny could have given us a case against Dennis, had he only been able to let his tongue wag without betraying his own indiscretion. McCarthy got an effectual fright, and never sought to go on a society's books again, and for a time when they met McSweeny used to say, £ Och, Dennis, my jewel, why did ye die ?" but after Dennis removed to the far west McSweeny took courage to tell me how the rogue chanced to be buried alive. 