Brevities. BY Amies. • The Lus t r.iia From England A i hicl's aman£ ye takin' notes, Au.l, faith, he'll preut 'em. Arlived at Luc Port on Saturday. Oue of the Adelaide letter- carriers is a Suckling. The po t-oiLce at Minlacowle has been <?fr>sed. Last year there were 1G.2IS bottles of olive oil imported into South Australia. There were ghosts aud apparitions in Gawler on Monday night, and a line flare up. A new lydraulic lift lias been erected at the Adelaide Railway Station. General Garibaldi has finaBy taken up his residence iu Rome. The Foochnw r oo tea market, has been opened by Australian buyers. William Barker, of Mount Barker, and formerly of Gawler, has resigned his J. P.- ship. Some people profess more religion in 50 minutes than they can practice in 50 years. A correspondent to the Register represents Adelaide "as a lake of mud by day, and an inferno of mud by night." The P. & O. Steaui Navigation Company have declared a dividend of 3 per cent, for the year ended March 31. A canoe containing 25 natives has been capsized iu Fiji, m J.'i of whom were immedi ately devoured by sharks. The female Blondin, ascending a ladder at Newcastle (N.S.W.) on Saturday, fella distance of 3l) feet. Seriously shaken. Mr. Riguold has achieved a success as "Henry V." in tlie Theatre Royal, Adelaide. A man named Scamerden has committed suicide at Sandhurst (Victoria) by cutting his throat. Sno-.v fell three days last week at Kiandre (X S. W.), and the ground was covered to a depth of 5 feet. The mean temperature of last month in Melbourne was lower than it had been for 20 years. The E. & A. Mail Steamship Company claim £7,500 salvage for towing the steamer Ocean off tae reef iu Torres bU'aits. The drought continues in Slieuesi (China), and a famine is expected, as the farmers cannot sow their grain. The total revenue of Queensland for the year is shown by the returns to have been £1,501,091). People that play with phosphorus, should order suits in advauce from Allen ; opposite this office. The masons, and some of the silk weavers, are out on strike at Lyons (Fia c ), and serious troubles are apprehended. Tlie German Emperor has been completely restored to health by the air of Wiesbaden. Mrs. Charles Dickens, widow of the novelist, is s^r,oasly ill, and considered to be in groat-danger. The Pope has received 500 French pilgrims, headed by V scount D ima-=, who presented him with an address. Russia has demanded satisfaction from China for excluding her traders from the frontier towns. Iu Eugland, 30,000 gallons of lavender wat«r are made each year. In Surrey 3oU acres are put under lavender plants. The amount of coals exported from Newcastle (N.S.W.) during the year IS7S was S71.0S5 tons, valued ai £0<j2,557. It is said John Jones is very busy just now, and has enough harrows and ploughs to stock the colony. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Sydney is enjoining his flock not to send tlicir children to schools other than those recognised by the church. The proposal to re-establish capital punishment in Switzerland has been decided in tlie affirmative by a majority of nearly 20,000 votes by the people. Thirty cases of cattle plague have occurred in St. I'etershu g, and active measures are being adopted to prevent it spreading. Several fires have occurred in various parts of Russia, causing great distress; 70 persons have been arrested at Orenburg suspected of incendiarism. Owing to the depression of trade, and paucity o c crime, the town conn :il of Inverkeithinz (Fiteshirel has dispensed with the boiough police force. We no longer question the propriety of considering vessels in the feminine gender. They run each other down almost every day. Mr. F. J. Sanderson, secretary to the Attorney-Geueral, has been appointed collector of customs, in place of the late Mr. J. W. Lewis. In N.S.W. 4,2S7 acres of land are planted with orange trees, aud the yield this season is expected to be 3,39S,445 dozens. The Lass of Gawler, arrived at the Port from Natal on Monday. This is the only lass of Gawler who is allowed out late at night. Mr. William Marshall, merchant of Glasgow, has left a legacy of £200,000 to found an institution bearing his name in Glasgow. That's the way to do it ! Lord Bacon s i 1, " He tl at r'e'ers his charity unc.il he is dead is rather liberal of another man's property than his own." There is no sreueroiity iu disposing of what canuot be kept. J. W. Stone, is spoken of as a good liairdre. ser, and has a capital assortment of toys and fancy goo Is. Br-the-bj'e, is it true h<» is a distant relation of "John Wesley !" For the year ended March, 1870, the wheat crop in N. S. Wales yielded au average of 14j£ to the acre, maize 33J bushels, barley 21 i, oats 20£, potatoes JJJ tons, and hay li tons per acre. Dr. Reuleux, whose strong criticisms of German wares at the Philadelphia Exhibition created a great sensation, has been appointed German Commissioner to the .Sydney Exhibition. During the hot weather, W. Summerton used to quote Shaksjieare, " Now is the winter of our discontent;" now he ad'ls, made glorious summeriton) bv"'—having gone into business and started for himself. 