A FOREST ENEMY. Professor M'Coy, in his " Natural His r*""itory of Victoria,?* just" issued from the Go ',TTernmenirpress"giv&"jtike following, inter esting particulars of a. dangerous enemy ' to more than one of our valuable forest trees :—" The moths of the family Hejria fftfffi are popularly known as " Swifts " or " Swift-moths," -from the great quickness of their direct flight in the dusky twilight. ' The group is'divided into three sections, typified by, 1st, the Hepialus, the true 3; • Swifts or Ghost-moth3 ; 2nd, by Cossus, "or the Goat-moths ; and, 3rd, by Zcuzera, ; "or'the Wood-leopard ninths, as they are popularly called, respectively. They all have a complex neuration of the wings, which are deflexed when at rest. The larv:e of all are thick fleshy naked grubs, with a few hairs ; they have C pectoral S Ventral, and 2 anal feet ; and have the prothorax protected by a broad horny shield ; often spending threeyears in the larva state : those of the first greup in \- habltingsubterranean burrows and feeding on the roots of grasses ; those ef the other two feeding on the interior of the wood of timber trees, to which'they prove very de , structive from boring great vertical canals, so weakening the tree that it either dies or is blown over. In most forest bearing countries the natural enemy of these larrie and protector of the trees from their des ... ..tractive action is the group ofbirds of the family Picids or Woodpeckers, who by instinct know where the larvaj are, and by the powerful strokes of their suitable bills cut down quickly on the larvje through the sound wood, and transfixing the grub with their long worm-like barbed tongue, draw it out, and devour it. In Australia alone the Woodpeckers have not been pro vided ; and the consequence is that every \- tree cut up for firewood is seen to be tra versed with large cylindrical canals made by these or allied larv;e, which ;ire the greatest' destroyers of our forests—so abounding in the wood of almost every forest tree that, in a storm, it isdangerous to go near a large tree, as one apparently sound will snap.across unexpectedly with a moderate wind from the number of these larvre tracks. The classical reader will remember the praises lavished by the Ro man epicures of old oil the Cosmos as a de licacy for the table ; being a thick, pink, fleshy caterpillar, as large asa man's finger, extracted from the wood of the Willow trees, and produced by a Goat-moth be longing io this family : it is curious to find that the very similar larv;e of the present insect, abounding in the Wattle trees, or Acucue, of Australia, are highly prized for food by the natives. When properly cooked, I am told by all bushman, that they are delicious, but circumstances over which I have no control have prevented me from trying them, to test the fact my self. Considering the great importance attached lately by the Government to the preservation and cultivation of the Wattle or Aciicia trees, and the great and increas ing annual money v:due of the bark, it is important for bark-strippers and the per sons employed by the Government to fos ter the growth of the "Wattles to know- the appearance of the insect represented on our plate, as the greatest destroyer of these trees, so that attention may be .given to lolling the perfect moth ; the huge abdo men of the female of which is distended with millions of eggs, each of which will produce a voracious grub as thick as the thumb and five or six inches long, eating the timber for years. It is unfortunate that the specific mime Eucalypti should have been given to this species, as it never frequents any species of Euculyptux or Gum-tree, but feeds exclusively on the wood of the different species of the Acacia or Wattle trees. The larva, hatched from cggslaidincrevicesof barkoit thebranches. works steadily into the interior of the treel proceeding head, downwards, enlarging the cylindrical burrow as it gradually grows larger and eats its way downwards, often Teaching io the roots. When about to as sume the pupa state itforms a slight cylin drical cocoon, from four inches-to a foot long, of silkand saw-dust-like small grains of wood, as a lining to the end of its bur row. When the burrow terminates in a root a few iuehes below the surface of the ground, the cocoon is continued from the hole in the wood upwards as far as close to the surface of the ground ; but when the burrow ends in the surface of th e trunk of the tree above the ground level there is no prolongation of the cocoon. - In either case the pnpa works itself forward by ^ means of tbe little, deflected spines on ibe ring3, pushing for half an inch or so v' through the end of the cocoon before it bursts to allow ihe imago to escape. The ovipositor of the females is of extraordi nary length and rigidity, equalling hidf the length of the abdomen when exserted, hut capable of being entirely retracted out of sight ; with this the eggs are deposited \- - deep in the crevices of fissures of the bark of the trees, en the inner timber of which the larva feeds. Common in the whmed stateabout February, flying inthetwilight, in all parts of the colony .where Wattle ire® abound." 