ST. JOHN'S COLLEGE. On Saturday morning a meeting of tho friends and sup- porters of St. "John's Collojjo was held for tho purpose of j receiving tho annual . report, and for the distribution of .scholarships and prizes to tho successful competitors at the recent College examinations. Archbishop "Vaughan pre- sided, and among the gentlemen present were Dr. Oillet,. .rector ; Mr. P. A. Jennings, C.M.G. ;. Monsignor Lynch,: Rev. G. F. Dillon, Mr. T. M. Slattery, Rev. T. S.: ^Leonard, Mr- W. H. Duncan, Mr. C. Coghlan, Mr. ^V. H. Archer, Mr. Curtis, ' Mr. D. M'Donagh, Mr. J.iG. .'O'Connor, Mr. Thomas Butler, Major Murphy, Mr-J.T. .Flynn, Mr. E. J. Raper. Mr. J. F. Mullins, Mr-"W-C. Hounihs,n, Mr. J. II,. Skinner, Mr. M. Higgins, nnd.Mr. ,J. Walkin. . . The proceedings .were begun by the Rev. Dr. GILLET., rector, who road the following report : " Your Grace and gentlemen,-Another year has passed.; since I had the pleasure of addressing you, und-presenting to' iyou those amongst our undorgraduates who have distin .guished themselves during the scholastic year. It isa satisfaction to mo to bo ublo to say that this affiliated. : College, since I havo had the honour of being associated, with its interests, has boen steadily gaming ground in the! estimation of the'Catholic body, and that the students ure ' 'increasing in number, anti- munifost a strang desire 'to take advantage of tho facilities for study' 'which the University holds out whilst they ap- preciate the opportunities, which are afforded- them in this institution for being thoroughly grounded in the Catholic faith. Here, whilst the rising Catholic youth aro under Catholic disciplino and training- are living :in fact, in a thoroughly Catholic college-they have at the University the immense advantage of the best professors in itho classics and .sciences, so that it will bo their own fault "if they bo not turned out polished gentlemen in heart und head with what is.highest and noblest in Christian teach- ing. We, here, aro constantly keeping tho double aim before us, that of eliciting all that is best in nature, and remov- ing whatever may stand in tho way of grace. To teach young men to bo honourable and humble, truthful and .devout, courageous and yet self-restrained, and whilst | thoy keep all tho faculties in highest exercise-to combino qualities which are the outcomo of Christianity with natural gifts and grace which spring from natuio itself this is one of the main aims which, though imperfectly yet most earnestly, we propose to ourselves to realize in the . training at St. John's. I say we, for I think I may tell I you that the students aro equally anxious with-myself for . success in this honorablo aim. If I teach thom, they, by mutual good example, teach each other : and I behove that I the good spirit which animates tho students aá a body is as effectual in producing good results in newcomers, \- as the mero oral instruction of a master, or the .'theoretical enforcing of prinoiplo. Both combined exercise a great influence; and I havo reason to hope that the good account which I am able to givo you to-day will be some encouragement to tho students themselves, whilst it cannot fail to be pleasing to all who may feel interest in them. In conclusion I may -remark that the allusion mado by the Chancellor, Sir William Manning, at the late annual Commemoration, and by Sir Alfred Stephen, the Licutcnant-Governor, to the affiliated colleges-tho kind interest which thoy expressed in their welfare was not thrown away so far as we aro concerned ; and I hope 1 may venture to say, us rector of tbis institution, that on our part woshull spare no poins, by the way in which wo strive to carry out tho object for which this college was established, to show our deep appreciation of' the wisdom of thoso great men-alas ! most of them no more amongst us,-who, as far as tho University scheme is concerned; placed this college on a perfect equality with kindred institutions. The recent loss sustained in the death of Sir Edward Deas Thompson is a public calamity, whilst tho sudden demise of Mr. Edward Butler, who" was not only a strength but an orna mont to this college, has cast over us a gloom which has not vet wholly passed away. '.But I am detaining you too* long, and so without further delay I will proceed to give you the result, of the recent college examinations. " Before doing so, however, I will give you the result as far as our students are concerned, of the University Ex- aminations of last Juno. "Tho degree of Bachelor of Arts was conferred on Mr. Michael Aloysius Higgin?, Mr. William Mackintosh Mayne, and Mr. Joseph A. Flynn. Mr. F. J. Butler obtained a University Scholarship for general proficiency, in the Martriculation Examination, and a first-class in Honour Classics. Mr. Francis Patrick Brennan obtuined first-closs in Honour Mathematics. Mr. Michael Aloysius Higgins, first-class in Pass, Practical ChomistrJ', and Geology. Mr. William M. Mayne, first-class in Geology. Mr. Gerald T. A. Dalton, first-class in Pass Mathematics." "At the recent College Examinations the following honouts and distinctions vvero obtained : " The Dejo-gho Belgian Scholarship (value £15) .was awarded to Mr. Michael Aloysius Higgins. Tho Jen- nings Scholarship (value £50) has not yet been competed for. The O'connell Scholarship (value £50) was awarded to Mr. Francics Joseph Butler. The Leonard Prize (value .£25) was awarded to Mr. Francis Patrick Brennan. The Fawcett Gold Medal will bo competed for next term. " The following prizes were also awarded :- Sacred Scripture prize (value £5), to Mr. Joseph A. Flynn ; ditto (value £3), to Mr. Michael Aloysius Higgins ; religious instruction prize (value £5), to Mr. Joseph A. Flynn ; mental philosophy prize (value £5), to Mr. Joseph A. Flynn; modern history prizo (valuo £5), to Mr. George Coleman ; classics prize (value £5), to Mr. Francis Patrick Brennan; mathematics (value £5), to Mr. Francis Patrick Brennan. Mr. Dari-a's Ecclesiastical History was given as an extra prizo, by Mr, W. A. Duncan, to Mr. M. A. Higgins. During tho course of the year Mr. Charles Louis Gabriel was admitted a member of the Royal Society. ; " The donor of the Sacred Scripture Prize was T."Butler, Esq. The donor of the Religious Instruction Prize, his Grace tho Archbishop. Tho donor of the Mental Philosophy Prize, Monsignor Lynch. The donor of the Modern History Prize, T. M. Slattery, Esq. Tho donor of tho Classics Prize, J. Donovan, Esq., LL.D. The donor of the Mathematics Prizo, Daniel O'Connor, Esq., M.L.A." Archbishop VAUGHAN then rose and said,-Mr. Rector and Gentlemen-It has so far been my practice, a praclice, I hope, not altogother disapproved of, to say some few wordj ut theso annual reunions, bearing upon academical subjects, or on the higher educalioa of Catholic youth. One of the principal objects aimed at in a university curriculum is, ovidoutly, to enlarge the mind, and to free it as much as possible from ignorance and superstion. A merely pro- fessional or technical training tends rather towards narrow- ness thaa to bieadth or versatility of mind : while ignorance and superstition are best set to flight by broad surveys of large subjects in many fields of knlwledge. Now 1. somewhow, feel drawn this morning to throw a small gleam of light upon ono piece of superstition, which if we may believe tho public prints, appears still to hold, its own in not a few kind and friendly minds. Tho fact is, we are apt to bo so highly satisfied with the age in which we live that we are tempted to depreciate tho ages that went before it. We are occasionally reminded of "those dark ages," when ignorance and superstition went hand in hand, and when narrowness and cruelty were the constant associates of arrogance and vice. From being often repeated, an error, after a time, is taken by the world at large for truth. It is by means of uniTei sities that theso errors-these pieces of real ignorance and superstition-are broken up and dissipated. We, doubt- less, surpass tho middle ages in many things, in steam, electricity, natural sicience, in discoveries affecting the material world, and which minister to the arts of life. This is self-evident. But the main end of existence, after nil, is not fo enjoy oneself exclusively in creature comforts. And though the middle ages were not so well furnished with material enjoyments, in many ways, ns we ure, still thoy can scarcely bo looked upon as"wholly "dark." I think I cm show this without much difficulty. Let mo explain myself. Allow me to read you simply ono pago out of a mediaeval book, just as I might show you tho frontispiece of an illuminated Missal. This book, of mine was not written with a pon, but with tho pencil and tho brush ; not on paper, but on tho four walls, and on the arched vaults of an Italian chapel. Lot us imagino ourselves in Florence, in the " dark ages," vvbon Popes ruled, and the Church was mistress of civilized. society, and when saints walked the earth, or had dono so not long hinco. I transport you to tho Church of Santa Maria Novella, alivo with Dominican monks. I lead you to the chapter-room, tho Spanish Chapel, as it is called, where tho monks pray and confess their faults. Here wo aro in the " dark ages " with a vengeance, with men who in these days with some are types of ignorance and supersti- tion. But never mind the Dominicans at present ; just look before you. This chapter-room, you will see, is of a peculiar shape. I havo measured it ; it is 32 feet, as you look down it ; and 57 feet across. Look at tho arched vault. See that boss with the lamb carved on it ; it seems an ¡inmenso height up : tho»e chamfered beams, which spring from thoso strong side pillars, seem to fly up, away into the air, till they rest together, and centro in that bossin the middle of the vault above. Well: you soo at once that this vault is divided into four compartments by the supporting beanm, and correspond to tho four walls. Now the pago of my mediiuval bool:, which 1 vvaut to road to j-ou,"consists of "a painting on one of the sides of this Spanish Chapel. Look opposite you ; soo the vault above ; there you perceive, represented by mediaeval art, the Resurrection of our Lord. Iii all good middle-ago art the miraculous fact is generally painted on the roof or vault, the consequences below, "on tho wall. Now tho wholo vault and all tho walls of this room aro painted with pictures ; a disciple of Giotto, tho shepherd- painter, named Taddeo Gaddi, a great decorativo artist, did nio=t of these pictures. Ho painted the whole of the vault ; but when ho was beginning the south wall he invited Simon Memmi a disciplo of Giotto, loo, and a native of Siena, and his friend, to help him. Memmi was a more powerful and skilful painter than Gaddi, as you may sen by comparing their work ; but never mind that now. I ¡.aid the Resurrection is on the vault in front of you ; at your bade is the Ascension ; on the right hand Christ walking on the watet s ; and, on the loft, a representation of the descent of the Holy Ghost. I havo not time to ex- plain the pictures on all the walls. I shall confine my6olf to this loft-hand wal!-to my one pago of this beautiful mcditoval book. Look again ût tho vault. There you seo tho Madonna and the disciples in the upper room ; below them the Modes, Partitions and Elamites aro represented ; and thoso three_ dogs aro there to signify that tho coming of the spirit brought gentleness even towards dumb animals. Now, for ono moment, look at tho centre of tho wall. You soo a representation by Simon Mommi of St. Thomas Aquinas, seated on a throne, holding a scroll in his hand, with three vfirsos watten on it. Those three verses, as you will presently seo, illuminate the wholo conception of the artist, and give an idea of what mediaeval thought was. Now leave St. Thomas for a while, and carry your eye up to the bottom of the vault, just under the picture opf the Descent of the Holy Ghost. You seo a female figuro with flames springing from her head »nd hands-that represents Charity; below aro two other, figures, the one with a cross in one hand, and a shield, protecting her from fiery darts in tho other-that _ is Faith ; tho next ono holds in her hand a bunch of lilies !-that is Hope ; below, again, in a line, you seo fonr other figures, tho first is a woman standing on a block fish and holding it as with a bridle-she is Temperance ; next, a woman with a book, Prudence ; next, one with a crown and a baton, that is Justice; and, then, there is Fortitude, with a tower and sword. And what does all this mean ? It means that it was an axiom in the " dark ages " that true science and intelligence were impossible without God's Spirit,.and apart from the theological and cardinal virtues; that you could not have any true, deep education, apart from religion—a terrible superstition, now gradually disappear-' ing! Please, for a moment, fix your eye on the figure of St. Thomas ; you see a row "of figures on each side -f him. What are those on the left? Look at them from left to right. There is, first, Joromios,. then David, and St. Paul, and St. Mark and St. John. Look on the other side,, to the right, from right to left: the first one is Solomon, next in order comes Isaias, Moses, St. Luke, and St. Matthew. So far so good. Now look below these ; you see no less than fourteeen figures, seven on each side of the Saint ; indeed twice fourteen, ex- cluding fourteen medallions. Look' at the rays of light coming down from tho prophets and evangelists on these figui-03 ! thoy quito illuminate them. What aro they ? They represent the knowledge of divine things, and of human things, each emblematic, and under each emblem tho great leading master of tho respective art or 'science, as acknowledged in those days. Then over each emblem is a medallion, which I have not time to notice. Now tako them from loft to right. Let me explain the first more fully, and then you will understand the cha- racter of tho others. Well, there is Grammatice or '_' Lite- rature " represented by a female figure with a rod in one hand pointing out the " narrow way " to three children, two boys and a girl, and in her other hand she holds a fruit, as ii reward for them; the medallion aboye represents a figure looking into a fountain ; below, the great Master of Grammar, Priscion, is depicted ; next comes Rhetoric, below Cicero ; then Logic, below Aristotle ; music, below Tubal-Cain ; Astronomy, Zoroaster; Geometry, Euclid; and Arithmetic, Pytha- goras. Now look "on the other side of St. Thomas ; ' that first figure is Justinian, and abovo him Civil Law is represented; then Pope Clement V., and abovo, Canon Law ; next to him comes Peter Lombard, the great Muster of the Sentences, who. summed up in his great work the wholo theological science of Western Christendom in his day ; above is Dogmatic Theology ; then comes Denis the Areopagito, whoso De Divinis JSominibus was a text-book, and a very hard one too, of high speculation concering God, and above, Mystic Theology ; then Boethius the great philosopher and lover of Aristotle, and above, Philosophy ; next, St.'John .of Damascus, who did for the East what the'Lombard did for the West, for he formed a sum of all previous knowledge of Divine things, and above is Oriental Theology; and lastly, there is the great pillar of the Western Church, St. Augustine, and above Polemical Theology. _ Each of theso pictures is a study in itself, each medallion, each typical figure, each Master of each branch. Look below there aro Arius, A verrous, Sabellius, stricken with the darts of light shooting from the figures above ; showing how heresy is transfixed by the power of truth. Now raiso your eyes from those prostrate heresiarchs up to the fire ut the top of the vault hovering over the Madonna and Disciples, and take in tho whole conception, if you can ; now road the scroll in the hand of St. Thomas ; it runs thus: Optavi, et elatus est mihi sensus. Invocavi, ct veuit in me Spiritus Sapientio, Et preposui ¡Hain réunis et sedibus. " I willed and sense was given mo. I prayed, and the ? Spirit of Wisdom carno upon me. And I preferred her to .kingdoms and thrones." This expresses the spirit of the schools in tho "dark ages." I wished for it, and a sense,a feeling, a tendency towards the good and beautiful was given nie. I prayed, I went on my knees, and be- sought my Maker, for he alone could give that, 'to bestow on me tho Spirit of Wisdom ; and it cp.mo upon me; and when my sense had yearned towards''theso high -things, and Wisdom had possessed mo, then it was that I cared not for kingdoms and thrones; I did not make cieaturo comforts my one end in life; but an intimacy with a refining and elevating spirit. Now look at the depth, breadth, and spirituality expressed in this page of my medinsval book : its breadth-tbo immense world ?of knowledge it embraces ; its depth, tho root of it Love, with the flaming hoad and hands, and God's own Spirit above : and its spirituality-the wholo pervaded, interpenetrated with other of another world. I leave this pago of my book printed, ¡gentlemen, on your imaginations and if you will ponder on its menning, and on the wealth of knowledge it points to, you will agree with [me that tho"middlo ages" in some mutters, of no secondary importance, aro able to teach a'salutary lesson to us, living in the glare of the nineteenth century. Take an example of the .spirit of thoso ages. ' As Michael Angelo, with one or two strokes of his pencil, could represent a living figure : so with one or two rough strokes let mo represent bim. Y'ou know he was a* giant and a king, of the highest form of art. What was the character of his spirit? He was educated by such a page as I havo been displaying before you. His mind was filled with high conceptions of God, as love ; and of beauty, as love's effulg- ence ; and he lived in a world of supernatural thought. With senses purified by the refiner's fire, ho soared above this world. His cult was the cult of beauty, the most, vivid imago of truth. Beauty, with him, did not debaso, ' but it elevated. The grace of God was, with him, ever, identified with the soaring of the mind after truo beauti f ulness. He speaks, in one of his exquisite sonnets, of La balta chemuove E porta al cielo ogní intelcttq sauo, of " Beauty which moves and carries every sound intellect towards Heaven." Still, he says, that is not done without the grace of God : " Ascender sanza grazii ù pensior vano." " Itis a vain thought to think of ascending with- out the aid of Grace." Then, when the wholo world was at his feet, ho writes to his father theso touching words : " It is enough," he says, "to havo bread, and to live in tho faith of Christ, oven as I do here, for I, li ve humbly, nor do I caro for the lifo nor tho honour of the world." He energized in a purer and higher sphere than that of kings and courts. Ho speaks of death very differently from what most men do in our age. Ile calls tho re- membrance ot it "the only thought which makes us know ourselves, and saves us from becoming a prey to kindred, or friends, or masters, to ambition, avarice, and other vices and sins which rob a man himself." And when ho had to moot death himself, true to his high nature, he turned to his friends, it being just about sun-down, and fixing, his gaze upon them, and said," Whon you come to die, remember the passioai of Jesus Christ.' His David and Moses, his awful Prophets and Sibyls, his severe' Madonnas, his Captives, indeed, all his great works, speak of an intellect possessed by the majesty and beauty of God and of God's creatures'. His mind is typical of thoso ages so lightly spoken of, full of the presence of the other world; and whilst u master, surpassing all, humble as a child, and as simple; fearing God and absorbed in spiritual thoughts, and leaving works behind him which make tho nineteenth century despair. Would it bo con- sidered blameworthy were we to gather a lesson from tho-e ages, when painters wore saints, and knowledge was broad, deep, and spiritual? To do so, it seems to mc, would bo much moro in keeping with tho spirit of a seat of univor-ml knowledge, such as a university is, than to visit them willi a sweeping condemnation, or to pass them by as unfit for tho study of a moro enlightened age. Gentlemen, I have read you my pago in support of this view, and I now leave 'it to you, to decide for yourselves, bow far you think I am justified in holding it. (Applause.) The presentation of scholarships and other prizes was then proceeded with, and the successful candidates wore warmly applauded us they received the honours from the hands of the donors or gentlemen present. Mr. JENNINGS, in presenting the O'connell scholarship, said ho could not but remember the momorablo occasion which transDired in this city some throo or four years ago, when a fund was formed, tho interest of which was un nuaily.to be given to thoso who passed the necessary exami- nation. That, he was satisfied, had dono more practically to signalise tho memory of O'connell than was dono at any other placo at which o celebration was held. (Applause). Mr. W. II. AttCiirm, in handing over tho prize tor sacred Scripture, said that ho had great pleasuro in doing so for this reason-that it would havo a tendency to do away with a prejudice that existed to a very wide extent among non Catholics in regard to tho Christian Scripture«. It was an opinion extraordinarily diffused that the Catholics vvcro afraid of the Bible, and di.-countenaccd tho reading of that Eacrc-d boole. He remembered many years ago rcudintr a very popular book written by a Protestant, and cir- culated amongst Piotostant«, namely " D'Aubigne'sHistoiy of the Reformation." That author g.ivo a mo«t romantic I and extraordinary account of how Luther became con- verted to the truth. Luther was not nv.are of the Gospel ; he did not know what the Bible was ; ho found that every- thing he had bedn taught was untrue-(laughter)-und that this book, buried for ages, was ro-illy the source und light of all Christianity. Ile must do non-Catholicity tho justice to state that there was another book, of an opposite touching, written by a Protestant, entitled "The Dark Ages," the author of which, in a most ablo and pleasing manner, gave an account of a Catholic named St. Eloi, and showed that that preacher, although, ho existed so many years beforo Luther, actually in the course of a sermon quoted moro of the scriptures "than the most eminent of evangelical non-Catholics would do now in . their sermons. Monsignor LYNCH in handing tho prize for mental philosophy to Mr. Joseph A. Flynn, spoke on the advant- ages of u right courso of thinking. Tho great object of lit'o was not the gratification of the ronses, but a much higher and better ono ; and to enable man to realise it thoy must cultivate, elovate. and purify tho mind by education. That education must bo pormoated with religious principles to make tho human mind rpiiliso all tho objects which the Almighty hud in creating them. Such was his idea ; and ho did think that, if mon thought as they ought to think, thoy would realise this truth, that tho Church hud herfunctious, and that sbo had duties to porform to thoso committed to her caro, and that it was only just and proper that she should perform thoso duties. Ho thought, that many of the attacks that had been mado upon his Grace tho Archbishop on account of his efforts to placo education upon a nropor basis would cease if mon vvonld but recogniso that this"world was much inferior to fho world to como, and that all wo had hero was only given to us to usu to secure for ourselves a more noble destiny. (Applauso.) ' Tho nrocecdirurs then terminated. 