PUBMC MEfcTING~ This was held yesterday evening, at half-past seven In the absence ot tbe bev. Thomas Jones (the chair man) the chairman elect (the Bev. Joseph King) presided. After devotional exercises, and a few opesing remarks by the chairman, the pattor called d t. who had to follow, the Bev. W. Allen folh He said that one of the dangers which beset C01 gregataondism was, be thought, the exaggeration of the principle cf personal liberty—individualism run to seed. To obviate this he advocated the cultivation cf a more expansive denominational spirit Be did no ' believe in putting the im firstand the Christ b for wards ; but, while not falling into this error, we mig legitimately seek to cultivate a congregational 6pirit He expressed the conviction ibat if the members of th churches would take a personal interest in as well as something for the various institutions of the body,and more largely attend the yearly and hail-yearly meetings, r something would be done to encourage s e denominational spirit Be next referred to the cnlci e vation of a pairiotio feeling. He believed in ar enthubitsm for tbe grand country aud tbe grand colon se we lived in- He c winded by eaying that we should never forget that we stood for the principle of a spiritual n life-the gift of Christ; and he believed that we should best adrance the interests of CongregationaUsm by seeing to bring men to Christ, the Author of spiritual life. r Bev. J. J. H&llet; recounted verbally some of the particulars given in the written report, and then gav some particulars of the denominational interests. Js ten yean tbe contributions to the union and misrion had risen from about £300 to about £1400 There was now £3314 invested in the chapel building a< ciation, and in this and the college and ministerial e provident fnnd, upwards of £12,200. , A collection was taken up. The Bev. J. LLOYD (of South Australia) said that he had come to Victoria to preach the gospel iu Welsh to his own oountrymeu. He refsrred to tbe cbligations under which Victoria had placed Fouth Australia, by the gift of men like (he Uev. W. 3. Fletcher and O. Oopsland He expressed his great pleasure at the harmonious spirit shown by ihe presence of the various l ministers at the Congregational Union dinner. This was y set forth in a very happy way by an illustration borrowed from a pool in the Welsh mountains. Agai illustrating his remarks—this time by an extremely humorous anecdote, he urged the necessity of doing the best we could for the interests of the Kingdom c God, whether those for whom we labored were satisfied or dissatisfied with our exertions. He concluded by quoting an incident relating to & WelBh ed, g beaver, aud imprestiug the obligatioa resting upon bis audience to hold up Christ as the great hope of humanity. This gives a vary imperfect idea of a capital speech, filledwith Welsh fireand humor. The Bev J. Barber then addressed tbe meeting. e- He recapitulated s< me of the information con rained the executive committee's report in regard to the diff cutties of the Gunbower mission. He saw promise o spiritual good in the mission. He believed in the ministry of the Holy Ghost, and that this was tbe d pensation of the Spirit; and was oonscious that he was sustained by the praters of God's people. He trusted that, in answer to such prayer, he and hi 4 work might be divinely blessed Mr Jambs Port was the next speaker. He hoped that the remarks of the Bev. W. Allen would bear fruit. -He had seen some of tin dfScul ies of countr ministers and thought that if some of tbeir critics could change places for a short time tbey wou'd alter thei opinion. > e then spoke of (he extraordicary benefi which had been conferred, and would yet be conferre t by the Victorian Chapel Building Association, and of the debt of gratitude owing to the Bev Mr Day for his arduous and protrAc'ed labors in esab'ishing and s promoting that institution. He concluded by a refer ence to the importance of ha vug a c ol-- i.tally-traine -ministry, and believed th&t; it would do credit to thos engaged in tbe tutorial work. 'i he Bev-J. u alkbr proposed.and Mr Bibtchnsll seconded, a vote of thanks to the chairman and the speakers, which the chairman acknowledged for himself and the o'.her gentlemen. It U proper to m«nttou that at a sorial g*th«r!ni» i the aftei nocn there was a formal—as also often dur the course of the meetings, an icformal- ex?:ession r- heartiest thanks for the generous hospitality extended t 