SCraMIer. SKETCIIES IN THE HIMALAYA. — Chambcrt' Journal. It ie commonly understood thai there ia a considerable mortality ? nmoojj tho children of the whito population of India- but of lato years thiH evil has been groatly reduced by the establishment of Sanatoria and " Chil dren's Horn*!?," in the Himalaya Mountains. To tbo formor regularly resort, at tho comuiPn'bemont of tho hot season, whon tho plains axo no longer enjoyablo, thoao who can command the means of a residence in that vast mountain-chain familiarly called " tho Hills," where civil and military etations aro now numerous, and life iv epont in a temporary round of amusomonte, unknown, to the people of England. Access to these sublime and beautiful regions is easy ; and betwoen the mountain tops and tbo picturesque valleys, perpetual summer may be found. Thoeo uiountain homes of our countrymen aro not only thoroughly enjoyablo to tho lovers of Nature's beauties, but they also enable them to reproduce the domestic lifo of the mother country with all ite homely joya; and in bo genial ft clime, a sound mind in a healthy body ilndu abundant opportunities of following the pursuit* 6f science and of literature in comparatively froah CcMh. Leaving Umballa early ono morning at tbo commencement of tho hot. scasou, wo rodo across country to Lalroo, a small vil lage, where we changed horses. Thcnoo wo cantured nine miles through a rich conntry, diversified by many pleasing biln of soonery, to tho link or staging bungalow of Buni, where wo again mounted frosh horsos, and gellopod forward to tho village of Munu majra, at tho entranco to tho pans eft thu Sowalio or outer Himalayan rouge, which towards its eastern extromity presents a sharply eerratod outline, with an average height of about thirteen hundred feet. Next morning wo piesod through tbia range—a dislanco of several milos—by tortuous wator-ooursos and fragmentary roade, and entered tho Valley of Pinjoro, near tho village of which aro tho splended torraood gardens of tho Maharajah of Put teals, a ohieftain ol tho Ois-Sutloj States, whose unutvorving fidelity to tho British Go vernmont during our wars with hid country, mon tho Sikhs has been rewarded with oxtcn?ivo additions to bis territorial posses iiciul oaecadea, sparkling "with tho pure waters of tho mouutain-Btreams which feed thorn ? jett-d'eau shoot aloft and adown the marble canals ; whilst olegaut pavilionH of the name material afford tho most charming retreats, whoro.luUod by tho murmursarouud, in an atraonphoro filled with tho porf umo of tho rose, jiittinino, olcunucr, and omujjo, tho oriental Hvbnrito, -with his hookah and pomegranate sherbet, may eonjuro up waking dreams suoh as may havo inspired tho '* Ara bian Nights." Now confronting tho traveller riso tho bold bluffs of the outer range of the Himalaya propor, to an elevation of about fioven thon?und feot; und putting spurs to our horses, a five-milo ride along an oxoellent road brought us to the email villago and Knglish hotol of Kalka, at tho base of tho mountain on which stands tho military Ktation of KuHsowlio. Tho uncont is by'a eteop and tortuous road about eight miles long. As we continue to ascend, the Sowalic range no longer obstructs the view of the plains beyond ; and in tho far distance may bo seen thu winding Sutlej, pursuing ite way liko a. nilvcry python along the boundary of tho Punjab. A sudden turn of tho road carries us to the northern side of the mountain, and tho station of ICus aowlio breaks at onco on tho view; first tho parade- ground, abont an aero in extent, around whioh aro tho low, flat-roofod bar racks ; and gradually tho various bunga lows of tho residents, perched here and thoro upon every α-vailable ecarpod spur or ledgo of rock, and nurrounded by dark fir troea (Pimu Inngifolia) and various shrubs, of whiok moro presently. A stranger ar riving during tho dry soauon would not be awaro of tho splendid panorama, which a dusky hazo obscures; but after a day's rain tho magnificent Bcena is revealed in all iU wondrous feature*. This station, one of tho earlier established .sana toria, is named after tho small hamlet of Kusaowlio, which ia situ ated in a vulley below. From the roads whioh wind along tho spurs of tho mountain, tho vierr looking north embraces seven dietiuct ranges, including tho Sublime Snowy Rango, whoso sharply serrated peaks riso to an altitude nearly twice that of Mont Blanc. In tbo middle distance Ho tho military stations of Subathoo, Dugahai (and tho Laurence Asylum) ; whilo farther off may bo distinctly seen the deodar (Him alayan oedar, often a hundred feot high) crowned heights of Simla, From about tho Ist o! May nntil the rains oommeuce on tho 10th or lUth of June, the aspect of these mountains in barron and parohed, reminding one of sheets of orumpled brown paper; the foliage of the fir-trees is reduoed to Bounty brown tufts ; the Incessant hum of inaeot-lifo beoomos tiresoinu ; while oooaeionally tho sun breaks forth with great fervour through tho reddish haze. At night, thousands of nro-Qies cover the stations ne it wore with glittering eparks, and not nnfre qnently ono may hear the distant rumbling of thunder. But in the valloyH tho aspoot of Naturo, oven at this season, is very different. Here, instead of flr-trtefl and tho wild pear, wo find mngnlfloont walnut end apricot trt-ea; and wborever a spring o< wator gu?hos from the oleft rock, one ia generally Euro to find tho dolioats Himalayan primroso, tho dark ecentod and palo violet, strawberries, and at certain periods of the year, yellow and white jessamine, St. John's wort, wild-roses, azure rocket, flowering foras, thickets of the crim son rhododondrou, and gnarlod oaki; besides a great variety of other flowering shrubs and plants. One of theso romantio Httlo streams at Koesowlio has its sourco in a forny cleft, shaded by willow and walnut boughs, whilo along its courso tho narcissus and iris, marvel of Peru, blue pimpernel, eglantine tuid muak roecs, grow in abundance ; but although tho spot seems to bo in a state of naturo, it may be questionable whether somo of tho plants just mentioned axe really indigenous. Thecurious " loaf- ineeot,"as well as tho "walking-stick," or twig-inaeet, may be secnat Kusaowlio, but more rarely than at the stations of Mussoorie and Landour, at certain timos of tho year. Thero is also a singular treo beotle,??which, attaching a crooked instru ment with which Nature has provided ib to my twig which it wishes to ent off from the tree, spins ite body round on this ourious axis, until, after a loud buzzing sound, it falls,' with the twig whioh it ha. lawn off, to the ground. These booties, at certain eeasons, nto bo numerous and active ax to become a positive nuisance. The north-eastern extremity of Kussowlie is bounded by a finely stratifled pouk, which rises sharply at tho furthest turn of tho road, and Iβ understood to bo the highest point of this ridge. Iγ is called by tho i'uharriea or hill-mon, K?ma Dova, or the Mountain of tho Hindu god of Lovo, Kama ; but by tho English residents, " Tapp'a Nose." On tho summit U a rudo shrmo of unhuwn stones about two und a half foot high ; and on tho horizontal stono uvor tho relief of tho Rod Uudra. (This deity or idol is sufficiently rare to bo worthy of spoolal remark.) Bolug interested by tbo disoovery of a comparatively raro image, wo made some slight exoavatione, and wuro able to trace tho foundation of a more extonsivo building, and also the remains of a will ; but in suoh a aitmtion, for what purpose it was used, exoept as a tank, it would bo difficult to say. This fine rook ooramands a magniftoont view of the plains on tho ono hand, and of the inner Himalaya an the other. It i> Bametirnoa ?l<o celled Monkey Hill, bom the vast nnmbern <i small brown rco'jkc-ys thai frequently resort to it; although is dons not bear any herbage whatever but grass, and does not pre?eot any epecial altraotions to tho lowur animals, unless we Assume that monkoj? are capable of appreciating tho pictureeque. Europeans after bat a ehort residence in the Himalaya, acquire a facility in oven cantcriug down load* ea their hare-footed mules and ponies which at first might have appeared only suited to tbpcaroful pedestrian. Tho widest o[ the roads connecting the stations ar? floldom more than übout six feot broad, with rocks on tho ono hau-.J. and a precipitins de?cent on tho other. In some places however, tho roads are so etcep that precautions ore necoseary, at the slowest pace, to provent tho eaddlu slipping over the pony'e ncok. Occasionally, and especially after heavy rain, aecidentu occur to those who try " nbort-ctl'.s " by the pugtlundii or narrow footpaths tiled by the natives. How tho colebratod Mnhnmniedan invader of yore, otter tho sack of Delhi, managed with hin wild hordes, laden with plundor, eatcly and rapidly to poflotratu tliees mountains, and to tinie which history records, ia still a prob Icin. They came and wont like a flight of loca-iti; aud tho difficulty cf thoir retreat can only bo realised by one who bae aotually travelled in tho few and torturous paeeos of tho treinendonn barrier fntorposud between India and Central A&ia.; Leaving Kuesowlio at five o'olpok, wo used to consider it a fair average ride to reuch Hubathoo by tovon, although the actual riixtanco cannot bo more than*uino Two-thirds of the way aro occupiod iv the descent of tho Kassowlie range, at tho bssu of which a stream mniit be crossed ; aud altor that tlisre is a gradual aecout (o Subathoo, whiob lioa about three thousand fuot lowar than tho other station. The etation of Subathoo in; lor a bill-station, com paratively ilat; yet it has boon found neces sary to build many of tho houses on the lofty 'eminences enrrounding it; while a square native fort, fluukoi at the ungles by ronnd towrrv, has a picturesque aspoct beside the low flat-roofed hnrrauUe. Beyond Subathoo, tho road again descend*. Tho bare rooks, on which ouly ouphorbiaceous plants soexn to grow, preseot a forbidding appoaranco, whjah is incroast-d by tho groteiquo forms of this genus of plants. At tho bottom of the next valley, about five miles on tho road to Simla, thoro is a beautiful and rapid river, whioh id Imposing rocks rlee on oaoh eldo of the stream, along the. face of whioh, by blasting, a road has boon made. About a quarter of a mile beyond this river is tho uninterestiog dilk bungalow of Hurrrpore ; and bsyoni it the road is tirosomo and monotonona. On ono occasion, although during 'tho dry üb'-mt four o'clock in the aftornoou. Wo had observed henvy olouda gatherings in tho north-wost, accompanied by tho distant mut tering of thunder. Tho darkness rapidly lDcrctfJscd. nnd in lmlf &v; lioor moro t)io fltorm buret ororhoad with aetounding , furj. Peal upon poal of thunder.roverborated from valley* in rapid fluccGEwioiij' liccornpaiiied by incessant flashes of lightning and wild squalls of sleet. Urging on our pony to its utmost speed, wo coon reachod tho noxt staging; bun galow ut Synio thoroughly drenched, and glad of a rofroshmout of milk and excellent wild raspborrios. Tho storm had now died away. It was about six o'clock when tho setting Hun burat forth from a canopy of goldon clouds tvith a startling olfulgenco. Thoro was something eolomn in tho nuddou and profound repoHO of Naturo J aud tho grandeur of this effect was . much heightened by a magnificent and porfect rain- ' bow comply U-ly spanning tho volley beforo us, and dyeiug tho rocks at each extremity with its iridosoont huos. Leaving Bynio at dusk on government mules, alter a most fatinalng rido, wo arrived at Simla about ton o'olock, and proceeded at onco to tho Pavilion Hotol, whon, having had supper, conducted by a gnido, wo soon fotmd tho bungalow whioh wo had rontod for tho season. On awaking noxt morning wo wore chaimud with tho / situation of our new residence, which wee porohed on tho top of a spur of the mountain, and commanded a flno view. The gardon in front of the verandah was not moro than twolvo feot from tho brink—not indeed of a precipice, but of a tteop descent, the anglo of which was so sharp, that anyone falling over must have rolled down at loast a thousand feet. In this small garden plot there was a profusion of the loveliest pink oabbago-roecs in fall bloom. Over tho Bmpuithoatro of mountains dirootly in front ono might see, through a gap, Subathoo and Kueeowlio; and in the oxtromo distanao, the caipot-like plains stretching far beyond Umballa to the horizon's vorge. Our bungalow was shut in at the sides by gigantic pines end deodars. Beyond theso, to tbo eastward, at a higher olevaiion, might be soon tbo bazaar; and still forthor off, tho picturesque Jocko, dotted over with Swiss cottages and bungalows. Tho station of Simla rose at tho back of our houso, and occupied the remainder of the soeno. The grandest feature in tho scenery is, of course, the majestic Snowy Rango, which risea from the valleye and lower ranges to the north of Simla in a stupen dous mass, that at the first view . i<' almost overpowering in its effect on tho mind even of tboso who havo travelled in the Alps. It is with difficulty that tho mind realises such vast aliitudoe. Far above the region of animal life, theso Btainlesa peaks rise into the bluo empyrean, so little of the earth earthly, that in the early .morning, ? when first struck by the beams of the' ripinfj eun, boforo tho latter havo illumined their bases, which aro lost in tho grey bluo of distanco, they seem, cut off by the limit of perpetual snow, like a magic oanopy, midway between heaven and earth. times at suneet, for a fow minute*, the Snowy Kango assumes a roaeato hue, which I Buddonly vanishes, as it were, in tho twinkling of an eye, and presents them in a silvery groy aspect— ?? distinct but dis tant; cloar, yet, ob, how cold 1" But it is" iv tho moonlight that those awful solitudes seem most ghost- like, for at Bnch-an eleva tion there aro no' clouds ; ? and. when the lower atmosphere is aleo clear, tho effect is m tho highest degree sublituc. But from tho stations to tho eastward, such as Mussoorio and Landour, tho Snowy Kango appears even grander than from Kuesowlia and Simla, for from tho former tho peaka above tho sources of the Qangea and Jumna, beautiful in form, aro conspicuous ; while farther to tho eait may bo perceivod, overtopping tho range, the extreme point of Kunchinohunda, one of tho highest elovationa on tho face of tho globe. The aspect of those hill stations, as thoy aro called, varies considerably. Thus while tho noble cedars aud pines of Simla and its eiitors give a oold character to tho scenery, tho noblo caks of Muonoorio and Landour.goruiahedwith beautiful ferna and epidendrons on their inoeny trunks and branches, clotho the mountain-sides with tho boauty of almost tropical vegetation. During tie rainy season the atmospheric euVcla aro quite mngical. Thus when ono is enveloped in rolling clouds whioh chut out tho tun3hino, n sudden break in the former will disclose Borao sunny spot, bright and green like a landscape painted enough to be quitu distinot. ' i One of tho earlioet harbingers of the rainy I eoa?on ia the gi R autio adjuunt bird; and about the beginning of Jnno tue?e solitary Btorks may be observed standing like sen tiuola on promotions of rocks faoing tho plains, at an oltvallon of between six and soven thousand feet. At this eoaaon the sudden ohangoi from light to duknesa and from darkness to li?bt, the roar ol water falls looping a thousand feet and moro in somo placos into tho ravines below, and the boauty of tho floral world, present com binations on so grand a Boole that it would bo impossible tor tho beat ot artieU to giro 1 ..von tbe faintett idea of the wbo!e. Thao [ effeots in epring aro even Biore remarkable, ' when amid the lingering enow?, the crimuon rhododendron riaee like a pyre of flame, to the heieht of thirty feut and oven more; while the wild-vines and tue wbita wild-roses, on white-like sterne, entirely er.vMop thojarueet pcar-troea with v. profueion of blossoms. But it i< in winter that those mountain* are grandest, for it is thoa—in January— that tho most terrific thunderstorms pre vail, and the lightning illuminate tho pathWa soows away in tbo far die Uno . In the inky bhtelinud3 of night, from L?n donr for instance, tho whole of tho eietcr fetation of Mussoorie will euddrnly bo revealed by one brilliant fU?h ; and tho next moment, darkness the mont profound shuta out even tho nearest objects a few paces off, while tho thunder rolla not only above and around but below. In winter, however, tbera aro genurally but few Euro peans resident in theso mountains; for thoso who are not required to return to the ptniiis sect oummor again in tho enchanting Valloy of Dehra Dhoon, which may bo reached in an hour and ft half ; nnd whence, amid flowers and mmny gardenn, thero ia a pleasure, with the aid of aa opera-glues, in eurveying ono's late homo buried in snow, and exposed to th? fury of thu elements, while we are eojoyinff tho temperature of Italy, iv tho late uprinff ; and picnica and ?portinjj exenreions in the neighbourhood with their ondlcsa round of During " the ae'i3on'' in the Himalaya, the gaieties aro. ince"B*vnt, and tho enter tainments given by the wcalthior visitors are generally on a princely scale. Balls, parties, pionics, shooting matchos, archery, and other game-- , , rapidly succood cadfc othur, and at those) uattierings many marriags3 aro annually " arranged." But although one might suppose that the English in these charming summor re treuts were tho moat frivolous people on ihofaco"of the earth, there aro always a fow who " lovo not mau the roae, but Nature more," and who profit by tho op portunities afforded of making many v?lu ablo additions to .our store of knowledge. Indeed, amongst tho offioera of tho Indian army aro many excellent naturalists, un known to fame, and also others whose scionttiio acquirements generally have not always been sufficiently brought to public notice.- 