PASTORAL LETTER OF TEE ARCH- BISHOP AND BISHOPS OF THE COLONY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. To our Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, the Clergy Secular and Regular, and the Faithful under our jurisdiction. Health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ. Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers toCatholicEducation are steadily increasing so as to become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice, we, the Archbishop and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are responsible to God for the BOUIS of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regarding the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, {instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. The erection of costly Public Schools in every direction, which is continually going on; the steady, systematic way in which our Denominational Schools are being weakened and extinguished; the treatment of Catholics at Randwick and the Benevolent Asylum ; the prospect of secularist Grammar Schools springing up at the public, expense in Maitland, Goulbura, and Bathurst; of a secularist High School for girls being established in Sydney, and partially endowed by the Government; of £1500 a year being spent for five years on the education at Grammar Schools of boys exclusively from Public Schools: this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of others who cannot in conscience avail themselves of it, is, in a free community like our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. And more than this: this expenditure on godless education, this studding the colony with schools which the Chnrch knows from experience will, in course of time, fill the country with indifferentists, not to speak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funda^-of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets—for establishing a system' of education Tthioughout the land, which not merely CaEhdlica cannot safely make use of, but ^ which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity—is an act so galling to every feeling of fair-play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged. Not merely as Bisb6ps of the Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even- handed justice is dealt out to all its tax-payers, we emphatically lay claim to our share of that same even-handed justice; and believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists. We, CatholicB, who represent one-third of the population, do not aBk for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow tax-payers receive; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. Let it be borne in mind that this is distinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parties, But when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position ; when the question of education is in point of fact the great religions question of the day; we should be prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for oar trust, were we to hold our peace? did we not, at the present juncture, set forth the teaching of the Church with great distinctness, §nd point out to you, Dearly Beloved, with unmistakable clearness, your duties as interpreted by that teaching. Christ came on earth to renew the world by the graces of His ' Spirit, <by His perfect law of life, and by the Supernatural revelation of His will to man. What the highest paganism aimedat, and failed to accomplish, that He did, in all its fulness and perfection. Thta 'first chapter : of St. - Paul's • Epistle to the! Romans gives us an outline of the^degradation to whitman can fall under a civilisation trhioh ia jM^d^ npoo the passions; whilst of Plato, Socrates, Cato, ~ provedtons.hbwimpotehi .. nd philosophy andintolloritjjaT coltiva-: tion, whe n they ibt ' j the ispirit of the^Q^i^^^ j^r-r.-- theheart, instruct the c&ttBeieil;|£ direct the will, apart from the influences of true religion. And what the history of the past has proved to be the base, the history of the present is ever more and more confirming. We find, on all sides, that where philanthropists have attempted to educato the inner life of man by philosophy, legislation, or intellectual culture, the cffect has always been the same. Every civilisation which has not had Christianity for its basis haa been dwai fed, stunted, and deformed ; and every effort, from that of the nioBt remote paganism to that of the modern infidelity, to deal with the conscience, the will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in the of the philosophy which corrupted him The reason may have been exercised, and the intellect may have been informed; but, apart from Christianity, the moral nature, on which man's worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor his powers, passions, and motiveselevated or refiued. What paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into the world. What legislation cannot touch, or philosophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came to legislate for, to purify aud to ennoble, through the gifts and guidances of the Christian dispensation. He, and He alone, was ablo to convert and regenerate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that He was man's maker. It required the power of holy Baptism, with its interior and supernatural effects ; the light of faith illuminating the intellect and informing the conscience ; and the grace of the Sacramcnts, especially of Penance and the Altar, together with a supernatural life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, before man could gain any adequate notion of what Christian civilization really mcaut, and of the effects on the entire man of Christian education. These things, it is plain, are especial gifts of God to fallen nature; they are graciously bestowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him In withdrawing himself from the tyranny of 'passion and the thraldom of pride; away from that brutality which is produced by an enslavement to the world, the devil aud the flesh. Besides these gifts, Christianity brought knowledge of a perfect kind, compared with the obscurity of the past. It taught man that in comparison with the next world, this world, and all its wealth and knowledge, are as dross; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can offer; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul, before all things else; and whatever he gain, if ho lose God, all is loBt ; and whatever he lose, if he gain God, all is gained. Christianity brought into the world, also, three invaluable gifts: a true knowledge of God, a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towards God and man. On these teachings, all civilisation and legislation, all morality, public, social and private, are founded. Without these man falls back into paganism and barbarism ; his moral nature corrupts, and he' gravitates towards the condition of the savage. Whilst, on the other hand, with Christianity thus acting as a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the efficacy of the sacraments, and the teachings of Revelation, man is lifted up; his reason energises in its fullest freedom, his conscience is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness, and ripeness which are never to be found under less favourable conditions. Now we are bound both by the natural and the revealed law to educate children in the knowledge of God, in His love, And in His commandments. As Christians we are bound to educate them in the fall revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings Jand gifts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their children; and by the law of Christianity the Church is bound to see that the parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thuB to rear their children—from the dawning of their reason—the Churoh is bound, on' the other hand, to complete the work -which the parents have begun. " Go ye therefore and teach," or make disciples of '' all nations, bap tisingthem in the name ! of the father,- And of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe; all thjLng«<jyhatever I have commanded you," is her- iooinmiBsion. Here the duty — —-'— J -'iijiiher, and she receives the ivtodpowers. Thus.both ItfJIte vOhWoh • inculcate ^jthe iiiUlf ^Jleadilngj they are, in of the litito mother's lme>e is not undone, be Christian sehooli,hut developed and completed. Throngh the whole period tbe graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner lifo of the Christian child ; the heart, the conscience, and the' will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete personality becomes saturated by a civilisation of which Christianity alone can be the origin. Thus is it self-evident that Education without Christianity is impossible. You may call it instruction, filling the mind with a certain quantity of secular knowledge, font you cannot dignify it with the name Education ; for religion ss-T-JEL* divorce religion or '•Safii.-iJ: Christianity from Education is to return to paganism, and to reject, the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method of teaching in which [the religious element is divorced from the secular. She knowB that instruction is not education ; and that a system of national training from which Christianity banished, is a system of practical paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss of faith to national effeminancy and to national dishonour. It is not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius IX. should have issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestaut Statesmen would do well to ponder on. In it they will find no new doctrine, but the old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. "The greatest injury is inflicted on society," says the Supreme Pontiff, when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilisation, and give man those helps which are necesBary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And, in truth, a system of teach ing which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and untruth ; and education which, without the aid of Christian Doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions ana wild conceits, and which will be a source of greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families. Who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introducod into primary schools ? for it is in these schools, above all, that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and • precepts of our holy religioD, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilisation, In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading' a place, in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it.« The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people i religious education aud to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves, in a greater degree than other educational institutions, all the care, solicitude and vigilance of the Cnurch. The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect are'therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her,-and by the desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of our holy faith. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control schools, In reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God-—of guiding all men to salvation. ^ And in whatever country .this pernicious design of removing the schools from 'eccle8iaatical authority 6hould be entertained and carried into execution, and the yonng thereby .ejeposedto Jfche danger. o£ losing their iaifch, there .the Church wouldfoein duty houndnotenly jfermpioy ^ ^ the hecessaryGhristiali^tt^ 6bn> I r a t 3 h e : MttM^tad id 5emr^' ; |Mt ? no;oiiS<atn' ,incbn9Cien^ frequentsuchschopls as -being; ,ad~o the mfttoiie dressed by Pope Pius IX. to the Archbishop of Freiburg, 14th July, 1864.) Wherever the question of Secularist Schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Churoh have preached the same doctrine, and have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warnings. How the Bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all of you. The English hierarchy has more than once considered it its duty to address the Roman Catholic people of England to the same effect. In one of their recent Joint Pastoral Letters they say—"We have already declared that education without Christianity iB impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and religious elements of education are inseparable ; that education is essentially religious, and therefore that where religion is excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without reli- gion may give instruction, but education they cannot give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, let it not be called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, but instruction without religion is instruction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught cannot be moral; but Christian morals cannot be taught without religion ; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour ? And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist ? But to know this—unless men are going to reduce a Christian people to the level of Deists—Christianity must be taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the knowledge of Christ, and that again, by necessity, involves tbe knowledge of His bietory, His teaching, His commandments, His incarnation, His Divine personality. And what is this but dogma ? for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught; and where morality is not taught, the heart, the conscience, and the will of children are not educated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this education." (Given, 21st April, 1871. Signed by the Archbishop" of Westminster and his twelve Suffragans.) Such, then, being the emphatic teaching of the Catholic Church, we, Archbishop and bishopB of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn the principle of secularist education, and those schools which are founded that principle. (See appendix.) We condemn them, first, because they contravene the first principles of the Christian religion ; and secondly, because they are seed- plots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realises the true position of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the tenable calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let then^, moreover, warn parents, who, through a spirit of indifference or worldhness, are exposing their children to proximate dan- ger of perversion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Almighty God j and that they are jeopardising the faith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to. such schools, for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember what their fathers of old suffered or the faith, and. let -, thepi not show hemselves unworthyof their own flesh and blood—desh. iwhich was freely woundesL fcnd blooi which waB freely •jtfilfc-wfcw fi twi ' Christian p^ppjgde or eompr{>inisd Ohnstian Faith, ^ei we profoundly conscious that a it sense of jfeir-play exists in the Let all Catholics nfM^g before the minds of w felloy^jEtootors, and their wprpi eentativea lin" Parliament these two facts, first: that Catholics have to dm, for schools which they cannot aafelv use, and which they consider an evil to the country; and, «*••» secondly, that - whilst they are thus made to pay no equal provision has been made for them. Let the country fully comp rehend our grievances, and a senBe of common, even- handed justice assist us in working out will Would secularists hold their" peace^tf without equal provision being made' for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and' Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7600 were spent on the training of boys exclusively from Catholic institutions! Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordinary injustice and unfairness"? And would not the whole world agree with them? It will be urged that the State leavea religion to parents and prieBts, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. True, the State does net and cannot claim a commission to educate. It is the bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp the moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by the natural and divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State has no power or commission to usurp the parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is taught. To do so would be to indulge in the most cruel form of . religious persecution. The State has no rights higher or more sacred than those of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the natural rights and duties of parents : its commission is to see that those rights are not invaded, and that those duties are performed. The Catholic Church condemns godless schools and secularist education because they are solvents of Christianity, and tend towards depriving Christian children of a priceless treasure. And no man can be a sound Catholic and support that which the Church condemns. The State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church? Does not the Church know her own true interests best ? Has not she had experience of centuries, in point of time; and all over the world, in point of space ? Are not her professed opponents on the side of secularist education; and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has one, fostered and developed a Christian pirit P Has not the Catholic episcopate, n various quarters of the world, found hat its direct tendency is to quench Buch a spirit? What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony ? To their shame, it must be said, some of our people do send their children to public schools. What is the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such children? That there is a marked difference between them and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality; their manners are rough and irreverent; they have little sense of respect and they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacraments; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in number. Oar clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. If in any country in the world signs are being held out on every side of tbe necessity of an especial school of selfcontrol, reverence, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any country Catholic children require a strong Catholic education, it is here. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other external helpt, assist in the training up of the young in a Christian spirit; but here, , where itQ is new, the clergy few, ,the population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with the best efforts of the bestOatholic training, to rear up the ohildren to Christian piety, and with thorough Oathollp instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is: it not, to cast' Christianity out of the schools, and to confine It to . a Sunday catechism class, under such circnfn stances The only fair chance for Catholic children tubbing but Catholic men «n4 women in this colony is fot them to te most carefully and conSoientiouslytanght their religion by their parents feom:•thai* earliest years*rid then for them to. ^ the home teaching is continfaed, »ad the mind aud he^rt and conscience and aenatf of the children are impregnated i with unhappy as to be sending their children at the present moment to public schools, withdraw them as soon as possible. Let them examine their children's religious instincts snd moral condition ; and if, as is to be expected, they find faith and morals weakened, and the germs of lawlessness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Let them especially prepare such children for the Sacraments, teach them to hear Mass devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to be obedient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed over them. V.—Fifthly, let the clergy make such instructions as these the frequent subject of their sermons^ and their private exhortations; and let them not weary till godless and non-Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children; and until all the Catholic children in the district are receiving a sound Catholic education. VI.—Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way M possible; so as to be equal in- secular instruction to non-Catholic' schools, whilst they surpass them in the genuine education of the will, the conscience, and the Benses. VII.—Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they have, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pressure, in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellowtaxpayers. What is (be present position of .affairs ? Catholics are paying for/the support of ohoqls which -they can neither approve of nor make-use of, whilst;no analagouB provisionhas beenmade.forthem. Vfenmy.bemel^i&ijie; cry of thB 'religions difficulty." We admit the religious difficulty ; but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a large section of the community. The "religious difficulty" exists . in Ireland, and still more in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education and even-handed justice, we, here, are retrograding, and are aggravating that one-Bidedness and unfairness from which the broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of even-handedness ? Why should not we walk in the broad footpath of her legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesman how to solve " the religious difficulty" by the British panacea of fair play 1 And how can this principle of fair play be applied? The answer is simple. "Introduce Payments by Results" in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each section of the community receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results (by Government inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed, would bo deprived of a monopoly; but, then, a wide-spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace throughout the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn ; nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair play and no favouring, for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated. Is not this a broad, an intelligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If there be a widespread sense of justice in the laud—as we believe there is—is there not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? We recommend those interested in this subject to study the Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland; the Elementary Education Act for EDgland and Wales, with the New Code of Regulations ; and Sir John O'Shanassy's Bill to Further Amend the Law relating ' to Education. In matters of vital importance and common justice half measures generally turn out miserable and cowardly failures. If it be worth while for the Catholic body to assert its rights at all, it is worth while for it to assert its full and entire rights. Let us all realise this fact; and then we shall not be content till our present humiliating position is exchanged for -one of fairness and equality. It is a great cause which we have in hand, nothing less than ^keeping alive, in its integrity, in our adopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far securing the salvation of souls, as well as the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter; and never cease, in their persevering, their organised importunity, until they have obtained those rights which no man can refuse them without Belf-evident injustice. Dearly Beloved, "Watch ye, stand fast in faith, do manfully, and be strengthened." (1 Cor., xvi., 13.) "Keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace; one body, one Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism; one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all." (Ephes. iv., 3-6.) May the God of peace Himself sanctify yon in all thingB; that your whole Bpirit and soul, and body, may be preserved blameless'in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. (Thess., v., 23.) Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 1879, and ordered to be read in all the Churches and 'ft Chapels on Sunday. Catholic instincts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. It may be interjected that some Catholics do not disapprove of public schools, for a certain number • of Catholic children are going to them. We reply : Because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong, and teach them what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we are inclined to fear that Catholics aie beginning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics; but by the successor of St. Peter, and the Bishops of the Church who are in communion with him. So long as CatholicB obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe ; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith. What, then, are our practical recommendations ?— I.—First, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of God with regard to the Catholic education of their children. Let parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray; and, until they are fit for school, exercise them in Catholic practices, and fill them -with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic instincts, and, by example as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these dutieB as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. II.—Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for their children, who have to learn, before everything else, to save their souls ; and who should be sedulously prepared by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually be thrown. III.—Thirdly, let all Catholic gajrtfnts know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Chnrch is the judge, no Confessor can absolve such parents as are willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting influences of an alien creed or a secularist system. IV.—Fourthly, let those who are so »J< ROGER BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. tfr MATTHEW, Bishop of Bathurst. tfr JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. t{< WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulburn. 