THE TELEGRAPH. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1879. IPSWICH EDITION. . . Branch Office, This Dav. Cricket. — A spirited oontest was commenced on the North Ipswich ground on Saturday afternoon, between the West End and Ipswich Clubs. Tho West Enders went first to tho wickets, and after a well-fought battlo retired for a modest 39, W. Martin carrying ont his hat at a total of 10. The fielding of tho Ips wich men was good, but when thoy in turn appeared upon the defensive, that of tho West Endors was hotter, and minus Fisher, who scored 10. tho Toswiohians wonld hnvo benn 'nowhore;' their total in tho first innings was 33. A second innings was commonced by tho West Enders, and by this time it was evident that thoy had well warmed to their work, for whon stumps wcro drawn their total stood at 30 for two wickets. The match attracted a consider able number of visitors. It is to bo resumed on Saturday next. Biiiths and Dbaths. — Tho registrar's re turns for the past month show the following figures, viz. :— Ipswich : BirthB, male, 12; female, 15 ; total, 27. Deaths, male, 7 ; female,' 2 ; total, 9. West Moretou : Births, male, 16 ; female, 13 ; total, 29. Deaths, male, 3 ; female, 1 ; total, 4. Those figures, as compared with these of tho preceding month, Bhow a decrease of twenty births in West Moreton, and of two in Ipswich proper, but it must be borno in mind that from some unexplained nause the month of Septemhc-r was exceedingly prolific ; in point of faot, babies were almost as plentiful as ' J. P.'s.' Tho deaths were also less, by five, in the month of October. On referring to the records of the corresponding month in last year, it appears that Ipswich haB fallen off in the matter of births to the extent of nine, and West Moreton four; tho number of dcuthB has also been much reduced, namely, in Ipswich eighteen, and in West Moroton six, from that of October, 1878. The Mammoth Minstrels. — The application of the Fire Brigade Board for passenger accom modation to bo provided with the late goods train, to the metropolis on Friday next fqr tho oonvonience of tlieso gentlemen and other Brisbane friends after the entertainment of that evening, has been granted by the Com missioner for Railways, a letter having been received from Mr. Herbert to that effect on Saturday last. His courteous consideration of tho request is greatly appreciated in Tpswioh, especially by the friends of our brigado movo ment. ' ? Publio Lectrre. — Tho Rev. P. Robertson hiis promised to give, a lecture under the auspices of jtho Young Men's Christian Society this evening. Subject : ' John Wycliffe, his life and times.' This can. scarcely fail to be attractive, as it is au interesting subject in ablo hands. Nobth Australian Jcokry Club. — The adjourned meeting of . members takes place in* the North Australian Hotel this.evcniug. Tho business on hand is in connection with the Christmas race-meeting, and all interested are invited to attend. The reports of those gentle men who kindly engaged to canvas for sub scriptions -will lit. received, aud it iB encourag ing to learn that the result has exceeded the roost sanguine anticipations, so far. Pastoral Society. — The monthly meeting of the committee of tho Queensland Pastoral and Agricultural Society takes place at tho Town Hall, this evening, at half-past 7. Rosewood Gate. — A meeting is announced for to-morrow afternoon in the Schoolhouse for the purposo of considering the Divisional Boards Act and other matters connected there with. Marsutial Destruction. — This work goes on apace. No less than £460 has been paid away during the month of October for scalps, abont 16,000 of which were received. University Examinations. — These impor tant and l-ibouriou3 operations commence to day, in the Lands Office. Weekly Half-holiday Association. — A pnhlic meeting is announced to be hold in the Council Chamber this evening. The weather continues fine, but appears still rather unsettled. 'Bohemian' in The Week writes:— It is a remarkable, but undeniable fact, that whenever the statesmen of one. leading colony of this group .wish to obtain au advantage for their colony over all the rest in a matter of intercolonial interest, or having obtained it, are anxious to maintain it— they immediately pro pose that an intercolonial conference he called. I cannot count up just now the number of these conferences whioh have been held wlth'n tho last fifteen years, hut it is considerable, and they have all had their origin in a desire on the part of one or two colonies to get tho best of all the rest while committing them to the expenso and responsibility of carrying out whatever is undertaken. Neithor do I remem ber any good that these conferences have done. Nothing has ever been arranged at thom and subsequently carried into effect which could not have been better dono without a conference. After three or four such meetings to ugree upon a mail service between Australia and Europe, it all ended in Victoria and South Australia adopting one service, New SouthW ales and New Zealand another, and Queensland a third. The conferences about telegraphic communication with the rest of tho civilised world resulted in South Australia stepping in at the last moment and snatobing from Queens land the advantage of oable communication which she had constructed a line across Cape York peninsula at enormous cost to seoure. That Gulf line of ours has been a white ele phant to us ever since, and South Australia did not make muoh by her sharp, practioe after all. Now Victoria has entered into a fresh contraot with the P. aud O. Company for a fortnightly mail service via Gallo without consulting South Australia, and means to make that colony pay woll for her mails. The Government and Par liament of South Australia do not like this, so they propose to have another intercolonial con ference at Sydney to discuss the question of a .Customs Union, of conneoting South Australia, Victoria', New South Wales, and Queensland by rail, and other mutters of common interest. The 'other matters' is the real objeot the South Australians have in view without doubt. ?Thoy want to get better terms from Victoria for tho. carrying of their mails by the P. and O. boats and : the onlling at Glenelg. Our Colonial Secretary, acting for the Premier during his' absence, does not seem to see the- force of Queensland becoming a party to this little scheme. Neither do I. The idoa of a Customs Union between the colonios named is as praotically impossible under present cir cumstances, as that of a lino of telegraph to the moon. Nobody knows this batter than the Parliament of South Australia. Thoy have tried this thing with Queensland several times, and it', all ended in nothing, simply because South Australia will not enter into any bargain of the kind unless she can secure a clour and decided udvantage on her own sido at the expenso of tho other. Tho proposal for con necting all theso colonies by railway may also he left very satVly to the next gonoratinn, and as for tho ' other matters of common iuterest, this colony would not stand tho ghost of a ohunco of securing fair play at a conference if eho oould not ouforoo it without going thero at all. I am docidedly of opinion that Queensland has had about enough of Intercolonial Conferenoea for tho present—thank you all tho samo. How curiously, oxolaims ' Atlas,' dooilo femulo France is becoming in the followiug of English fashions ! A short month ago a Parisian friend swore to mo that no poke bonnets would over thatoh tho graceful heads of his countrywomen ; his mirth nt tho droit d'effet of pokes iu the London streets could hardly ho restrained. Yet Dieppo and Trou viUC and Ostend now bristle with them in their extiemest forms. 