Maeleod of Dare. (From Harper's magazine). CEIAPrEB XXXVI. THE SEW TEAGEDT. She managed to l?ad up to her announce ment skillfully enough. Bv the time they reached theViore an extraordinarily beautiful sunset was shinine over the *ea and land— something so bewildering and wonderful that they all four stopped to look at it. The Atlantic vraa a broad r xoanse of the palest and most hrilliant grren, with the pathway of the nun a flushing line of cold coming right across until it met the rock', aad these wero a jet blaek against tho glow. Then the distant islands of Coloncay, and Staffs, and Langa, and Fla-3da, lying on this chining green sea, appeared to be of a perfectly transparent . bronz ? ; while nearer at hand the long ranges of cliffs were becoming a pale rose red under the darkening blue-gray sky. It wag s blaze of color *uch as she had never even dreamed of bb being possible in nature ; nothing she had sp yet eeen in these northern latitudes bad at nil uppnaehed it. And as she stood there, and looked at those transparent inlands of bronze on the green sea. ihe enid to him. ' Di you know, Keith, this is not at all like the plac? I had imagined as the scene of the gloomy atones you used to tell me about the revenges of the clans. I have been frightened once or twice since I came hen*, no doubt — by the wild sea and the dvrkncsf rf tho cathedral, and bo forth ; but the longer I stay, the lesB I ?ee to suggest those awful stories. How could you associate such an evening as this with a frightful tragedy ? Do you think tbjse -people over exVed who were supposed to hare ffuif -cated, or slaughterer!, or starved to death any one who opposed their wfohee ?' 'And I do cot suppose they troubled them selves much about fine sunsets,' said he. ' That was not what they had (o think about in those days.' g|' Perhaps not,' said she, lightly; 'bat, ynu kaow, I had expected to find a place from which I could gain some inspiration for traeedr ; for T should like to try, once for all — if I should have t.. give up the stage — whether I had the stun? of a tragic actress in m»». A*1 d, you know, in that case, I on&ht; to ?^ress in black velvet, and carry a taper through dHPgmni, and get accustomed to etorms and gloom, and thnnder and lightening.' 11 We have no appliances here for the education of an actress — I am very sorry,' B iid ho ' l$ow, Keith, that is hardly fair,' said the, with a smile. 'You know it ig onlv a trial. And vdu S9W what they said of my Juliet. Ob, did I tell yrni about the new tragedy txat is coming out P' ' No, I do not think you did,' eaid Ve. ' Ah, well, it i? a great st orct as yet ; but there is no reason why you should cot hear of it.' ' I em not anxious to bear ol it, said he, without any rndenes*. ' But it concerns me,' she said, ' and so I must tell yon. It is written by a brother of ?Mr. Lemuel, the artist I have often SDotcn to you abont. He is by profession aa architect ; but if this play should (urn out to be a* fire bs some prople say it is, he ought to take to dramatio writing. In fact, all the Lemuels (ihere ar«- three brothers of thrm, you know) ^ are like Michael Angrlo and Leonardo, artists to tl-e finger-tipe, in every direction — pootp, ?-iinters, sculptors, and all the rest of i'. And I do think I ought to feel flittered by tbe:r chnloe in eckine me to pley the heroine; for so much depends on the choice of the actress — ' ' And you are still to act F' said he, quickly, though he spoke in a low voice, so that thnme behind should not hear. 'Surely I explained to you P' snid she, in a ]ileasant manner. ' After all. life-long habiis are not so easily cast aside ; and I knew you ?would be gnncrous, and bear with me a tetle bit, Keith.' He tnmed to her, The glow of the sunset caught his face. Thcic was a strange, hopeless sadness in his eyes. 11 Generous to you P said he. ' You know I would cive you my lifr, if that woul j serve you. But this is worse than taking my life 'from me.' ' Keith ! K eith !' said she, in gentle pro test, *'I don't know what you mean. You should not take tilings so seriously. What is it, after all ? It was as an aetrws that you knew me first. Whtt is the difference of a few months more or less ? If I had not been an actress, you would never have known me — do you recollect that ? By-tl e-way, has Major Stuart's wife got a piano ?' He turned and stared at her for a second, in a bewildered way. 'Oh yes,' said he, with a l»ugh, 'Mrs. Stuart baa got a piano. She has sot a very good piano. And what i« the song ynu would sing now, sweetl oirt ? Shall we finish up and Tiave done with it, with a fong at the end P That is the way in the theatre, you know — a dance and a song as the peonle go. And what ?hall our song be now ? There was one that Norman Ogilrie used to sing.' 'I don't know why you should talk to we like that, Keith,' said she, though she seemed somewhat frightened by this fierce gayety. ' I was going to tell you that, if Mrs. Stuart had a piano, I would very gladly sing one or two songs for your Bother end Miss Maeleod when we went over there to-morrow. You hare fre quently asked me. Indeed, I have brought with me the very sorgs I eueg to you the first time I raw yon — at Mrs. Ttosa's.' Instantly his memory flew bars to that, day — to tbe hnt e4 little room over the sunlit g» - gardens, to the beautiful, gentle, sensitive girl who seemed to have so stranse an interest i i the Highlands, to the wonderful thrill that went throogh him when she tw-gsi, to sine wi«h an exquisite pathos *' A wee bird cam* to our ha' door.' and to tbe prouder enthusiasm that stirred him when she sang 'I'll to Locbiel, and Appin, and knrel to them.' These were, fiie, and tender, and proud song*. There was no gloom about them — nothing about a grave, nnd tbe dsrk-winter, and a faithless lost love. This song of Fortran Oeilrie's that he had gjyly proposed they should sing now ? What had M*j---r Stuart, or his wi'e, or anv oi.e in Mull to do with ' Deatl-'« black wine ?' ' I meant to tell you, Keitii,'.' said she, some what nervoncly, ' that I had siened an engage ment to remain at the Piccidilly Theatre till Christ mas next. T knew you wouldn't mind — I mean, yon would be considerate, and you would understand )-ow difficult it is for one to break awxy ell at once from one's old associa tions. And then, you know, Keith,' said she, shyly, 'though you may not like the ti-eatre, you ought to be proud of my success, as even my friends and arquain'anefs are. And as tie/ are all anxious to see me make another pppesraaee in tra&ady;, I really should like to try it ; so that when my portrait appear* in the Academy next year, people may not be raying, 4 Look at the impertiner.ee of that girl appear ing as a tragic actrfss, when she can do nothing beyond tbe f-miliar modern eomcdv f I should have told you all about it before, Keith, but I know yon hate to hear any to talk about the theatre; end I shan't bore you again, you may drpend on that. Isn't i time to go back row ? See ! the rose color is away from TJlve now ; it is quite a dark purple.' He turned in a silence aod led the waybatk Behind them he could faintly hear Mr. White discoursing to Jane* Mat-leod about the »«nttr in which the old artist* mixed their p-'pnents. a ben Maclaod said, with a great gentleness and restraint : 'And when yon go away from here, Ger trude, I morose I n ust say good-ty to you ; and no one kn. ws w! en we shall see eech othei again. You are returning to the theatre. If that is you wish, I would not try to thwart it. You know best what is the highest jprize the world can give you. And how can I warn you against failure and disappointment? I know you will be successful. I know the people will applaud you, and your bead will be filled with their jiraisss. You are going forward to a new triumph, Gerty ; and the first -step you will take — will be on my heart.' CHAPTEE XXXV 11. AX r/RDEEBTAIDIHG. ' Pappy dear,' eaid Miss Wkite to her father, in a playful way, although it was a eeri ous sort of playfulness, ' I hare a vague feel ing that there is a JittJe-too much electricity in the atmosphere of this place just at present. I am afraid there may be an explosion, and you kno** my nerves can't stand much of a shock. I should be glad to get aw«y.' By this time she had quite made up that little difference with her father — she did not choose to be left alone at a somewhat awkward crisis. S!ie had told him sho was- sure be bad not meant what he said abont hert and she had expressed her sorrow for having srovoked him ; and there an end. And if Mr. White had been driven by his anger to be for tbe mo ment the ally of Mocleod, he was not disin clined to take the other side now and let Miss White have her own wilL Tbe vast amount of training be had bestowed on her through many long years wbs not to be throws away, after all. 'I told him last night,*' said she, 'of my having signed an engagement till Christmas next.' ' Oh, indeed,' said bet rather, quickly, look ing at her over his spectacles. *? Yes,' said she, thoughtfully, *? and he was not so disturbed or angry as I had expected. Not at all. He was very kind about it. Bat I don't understand him.' ' What do you not understand f* ' He has grown to strange of late— *o som* bre. Once, you know, be. was the lightest* hearted young man — enjoying every minute of his life, you tknow| and really, pappy, I think — ' And here Hiss White stopped. ' At all events,' said she, quickly, ' I want I to be in a less dangerously excited atmosphere, I where I can sit down and consider matters calmly. It was muoh better when he and I corresponded ; then we could fairly learn what each other thought. Now I am almost afraid of him — I mean, I am' afraid to ask him B question. I have to keep ont of his way. And if it comes to that, pappy, you know, I feel now as if I was called on to act a part Irons morning till night, whereas I was alwaye assured that if I left the stage and married him, it was to be my natural self, and 1 should have no more need to pose and sham. How ever, that ig an old quarrel between yon and me. naonv. and we will put it aside. What's more to the purpose is this — it was .bair under stood Ui at when we left Castle Dare he was to come with us through at least a part of the rfighlandf,' ' There wbs a talk of it.' ' Don't you think,' eaid Mies White, with some little hesitation, and with her eyes cast down— 'don't yon think that woald be— a little inconvenient ?' ' I should say that was for yon to decide,' he answered, somewhat coldly ; for it was too bad that slie should be continually asking his advice and then openly disregarding it. ' I should think it would be a little uncem 1 Kable,*' she said, demurely. ?* I fancy he has taken that er.gagement till .Christmas a little more to heart than be chooses to KTeaU That is natural ; I knew it would 'be a auappoint mentt but then, you know, pappy, the tempta tion was very great, and I had almost i-romised th? Lemuels to do what I could for the piece. And if I am to give up the stage, wouldn't it I e fine to wind up with a blaze of fire-works to astoniah the public?' 'Are you so certain you wiQ astonish the public?'' her father said. ' I have the courage to try,' she answered, resdilr. 'And you are not going to throw co'd water on my endeavors, are you, pappy f Well, as I was saying, it is perhaps natural for Sir Keith Maeleod to feel a bit annoyed; and I am afraid, if be went travelling with us, we should be continually skating on the edge of a quarrel. - Hesirfes, to tell you the truth, pappy, with all his kindness aud gentleness, there is sometimes about him a sort of intensity that I scarcely like ; it makes me afraid of him* If it were on the stage, I should say it was a splendid piece of acting — of the suppressed vehement kind, you know ; but really, during a holiday-time, when one naturally wishes to erjoy the fine weather and gather strength for one's work — well, I do think he ought not to coma with us, pappy.' 'Very well, you can bint as much without being rude.' ' . . 'I was thinking,' eaid she, 'of tbe Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin who were in that New caBtle company, and who went to Aberdeen. Do you remember them, pappy t'. ' The low comedian, you mean P' ? ' Yes. Well, at all events, they would be glad to see us. And so — don't you think ?' — we could let Maeleod understand that w« were going to see some friends in the North ?, Then he would not think of coming with us,' ' Tbe representation would scarcely be justi fiable,,' observed Mr. White, with a profound air, ' in ordinary circumstances. But as you say, it would be neither for his comfort nor for yours that he should go with us.' ' Comfort !' she exclaimed. ' Much com fort I have bad since I came here I Comfort 1 call quitt^asd being let alone. Another fort night in this place would give me brain-fever: yonr life continually in danger either on the eea or by the cliffs ; your feelings supposed to be always up at. passion puch — it is all a whirl of secret or derhrrd emotions that don't give you a moment's rest. Ofvpappy, .won't it be nice to have a day or two's quiet in our home, with Carry and Marie ! And you know Mr. Lemuel will be in town all all tbe summer and material' for hit work he finds within himself. He doesn't need to scamper off like the rest of them to hunt rut p:cturpsque peasants and studies of water-falls — trotting about the coun try with a note-book in hand — ' 'Gerty, G:rty,' eaid her father, with a STile, 'your notions are unformed on that subjpc*. What have. I told you often? — that thp artist ia only a reporter. Whether he uses th* pencil, or-ihe pen, or bis own face and voice to express the highest thoughts and emotions of which he is conscious, he' is only a reporter— a penny-a-'iner whose words are written in fire. And yon — don't you carry your note-book tooP' *' I was not comparing myself with en artist like Mr. Xemuel, pappy. No, no. Of course I have to-keep my eyes open, and pick up things thft may be useful. His work is the work of intense spiritual contemplation — it is inspira tion—' ' No doubt,' the father said, ' the inspiration of Botticelli.' «Pap,!' M-. White chuckled to himself. He was not given to joking : an epigram was not in consonance with his high sententiousness. But instantly be resumed his solemn deport ment. ' A picture is as much a part of the world as a human face : why should I not take my inspiration from a picture as well as from a human face?' ?* You mean to s»y he i* only a copyist — a plagiarist !' she said with some indigna tion- 'Not at all,' said he. 'All artists have their methods founded more or less on the methods of those who have gone bef- re them. You don't expect an artist to discover for himself an entirely new principle of art, any trore than you expect him to paint in pigments of his owe inveiitiar. Mr. Lemuel has been a diligent student of Botticelli — that is all.' This strange talk amid the awful lonelinesB and grandeur of Glen Sloicb ! They were idly walking along the rough road : far above them rose the giant elopes of tbe mountains retreat* ing into heavy masses of dead that were moved by the currents of the morning wind. It was a gray day ; and the fresh-water lake here was of a leaden hue, and the browns and greens of the mountain-eide were da^k and intense. There was no sign of human life or habitation; there was no bird singing ; the deer were far away in the unknown valleys above them, hidden by tbe mystic cloud phantoms. There was an odor of sweetgele in the air. The only sound was the murmuring of the etreaoiB that were pouring down through these vast solitudes to the sea. And now they reached a spot from whence, on turning, they caught sight of the broad plain of the Atlantic— all wind-Bwept and white. And tee eky was dark and low down j though at one place the clouds had parted, and there waas a ilimmer of blue as narrow and keen as the edge of a knife. But there were showers about ; for Iona was invisible, and Stafia wan faintly gray through the passing rain, and Ulva was almost black as the storm approached ia its gloom. B-.ttieelli ! Those men now in that small lug-sail boat, far away off the point of Qometra — a tiny dark thing apparently lost every second or so amid the white Atlantic surge, and wrestling bard with the driving wind and sea to reach the thunder ing and foam-filled caverns of Staff* — they wen not thinking much of Botticelli. Keith Maeleod was in that boat. The evening before Miss White had expressed some light wish about some trifle or other i but had laughingly said that she must wait till she got baok to the region of ehops. Unknown to her, MacLeod had set off to intercept the steamer : and he would go on board and get hold of the steward; and would the steward be so kind as to hunt abont in Oban to see if that trifle could not be fonndP Maeleod wouldnot intrust eo important a message to any one eke : he would himself go oat to meet the Pioneer. 'The cky is becoming very dark,' Mr. White eaid ; ' we had belter gs back, Gerty.' Put before they had gone far the first heavy drops were beginning to tell, and they were glad to run for refuge to some great gray builders which lay in the moist moorland ot the foot of the mountain slopes. In the la* of these rooks they were in comparative safety, and they waited patiently until tbe gale of wind and rain should pass over. And what were these strange objects that appeared in the gray mists far along the valley P She touched her father's arm— she did not speak ; it was her first sight of a herd of red deer, and as tbe deer had doubtless been startled by a ehep'ierd or his dog, they were making across tho glen at a good speed. First came the hinds, running almost in Indian file, and then wiih a longer stride came one or two stags... their an tiered beads mgn in tne air, as tnougn taey were listening for sounds behind them and sniffing the wind in front of them at the same time. But so far away were they that they were only blurred objects passing through the rain mists j they passed across like swift ghosts j there was no sosind heard .at all. And then the rain oeased, and the air grew warm around them. They came out from tho shadow of the rock — behold ! a blaze of hot sun on the moist moors, with a sudden odor of bracken, end young heather, and sweet-gale all about them. And the sandy road quickly grew dry again, and the heavens opened, and there was a flood of sun light falling on that rushing and breezy Atlantic They walkad back to Dare. ' .Tuesday, then, shall we say, pappy ?' ahe remarked, junt before entering. ? 'Very well.' . ' Ana we are going to see some friends in Aberdeen.' 'Very well.' After this Miss White became a great deal more cheerful, and she was very complaisant to them all at lnncheon. And quite by acci dent she asked Macleod, who had returned by this' time, whether they taked Scotch in Aber deen. 'Becausp, you 'know,' said ahe, 'one should always be leaning on one's troveb ; aud many a time I have heard oeonle disput ing about the pronunciation of tbe Scotch ; and one ought to be able to read Burns with a proper accent. Now yoa have no Scotch at all here ; you don't cay 'my dawtie,' and ' ben the hoose,' and ' twixt the gloaming and the mirk.' ' w0h no,' said he, 'we nave none of the Scotch at all, except among those who have been for a time to Glasgow or Greenock ; and our own language, the Gaelic, is unknown to strangers ; and our way of speaking English that is only made a tiling to laugh at. And And yet I do not lough at all at tbe blunders of our poor people ia a strange tongue. Yon may laugh at us for our way of epeaking English— the accent of it ; but it is tiot fuir .to laugh at the poor neople when they will be making mistakes' among the verbs. Did you ever hear of the poor Highlander who was asked how he bad been employing himself, and, after a long time, he said, ' I wass for tree years a herring- fish, and I wass for four months or tree months a broke stone tin the road ?' Perhaps the Highlanders are not very clever at picking up another language j but all the same that did not prevent their going to all parts of the world and fighting 'the battles of other people. And do you know that in Canada there are descendant of the High landers who went there in the last century — and they are proud of their name and their history, and they have swords that were used at Falkirk and Colloden — out these Mac nabs and Markiys and Csmerone, th»y s|-eak only french ! But I think, if they have High land blood in them, and if they were to bear tbe 'FaQte PbrionaaF played on the pipes, they would recog-iize that language. And why were yon askmg abont Aberdeen ?' 'That is not a Highland but a Scotch way of answering my question,' aaid she, smiling. f ' Oh, I beg yonr pardon,' eaid he, hastily , 'but indeed I have never bem to Aberdeen and I do not know what it is they speak there, but I should say it was likely to. be a mixture of Scotch and iinglish such as all the big towns have. I do not think it is a Highland place, like Inverness.' 'Now I will answer your question,' eaid she. ' I asked you because papa and I pro pose to go there before returning to England ti How qn:ckly the light fell from his face ! ' — The fact is, we have some friends there.' There was silence. They all felt that it was for Macleod to speak ; and they may have been guessing as to what was passing in bis mind. But to their eupprise he said, in almost a gay fashion, ' Ah, well, you know they accuse us High land folk of being rather too import uiate as hosts ; but we will try not to harass you ; end if you have friends in Aberdeen, it would not be fair to b g of you to leave them aside this time. But surely you are not thinking of going to Aberdeen yet, when it is many a place you have yet to see about here. I was to take yen in the Umpire to Skye; and we had many a talk about the Lewis too.' ** Thank you very much,' said she, demurely, ' I am sure you have been most kind to us ; but — the fact is— I think we must leave on Tuesday.' (To he costumed J 