THE ZULU WAR, Tho news published to-day favours the proba- bility that, as in Afghanistan, so in Znluland-the matters in disputo may bo settled without further bloodshed. Cctewayo, it is said, has asked for a suspension of hostilities, and a resumption of negotiations, declaring that ho never intended to fight, and attributing the fighting at Isandula to tho British attack ; whilo his brother and numbers of ZultiB havo surrendered. Wo aro not disposed to raooivp Cetowayo's declarations with much confi- dence. The character for speaking tho truth whioh he bears is far from good, and we know that four months ago ha was very bold, and did not hesi- tate to announce that ho would fight, and would "gobble up" tho English. Wo shall not bo sur- prised to find that tho arrival of reinforcements has convinced him that tho British aro determined to wipe out tho disaster at Isandula, and has frightened him so much that, with his characteristic oowardico, lie socks to nome to terms with tho invaders of lug country. This is ono view of tho subject ; but it does not oxonerato tho High Commissioner and Lord Chelmsford from some blamo regarding the war. Tbore has evidently been blundering on the part of both those officials. That this is the view which obtained support in England some weeks' ago is shown by tho following extract from the London letter of the South Australian Eegistcr, dated tho Uth February. Tho writer, after alluding to the Isandula affair says:-"One painful reflection is that this war has not been forced upon tis; that it has been délit er .toly planned by Sir Bartlo Frcro ; and that ho and Lord Chelmsford, tho Commander-in-Chicf of Her Majesty's foroes in South Africa, chose their own timo for making it. It cannot bo alleged that our troops were surprised into a-disastor. Cotewayo, who did not want to fight, sont embassy alter embassy to Natal begging for peaco ; but the British authorities were obdurate, uoiug apparently resolved to break the military power of the Zulu nation, »nd to reduco their country to tho con dition of a subject State. I speak of ' the British authorities,' although I think that if Sir Henry Bulwer had been allowed to exercise any real voico in the matter, the difficulty with the Zulus would have been amicably sottled. Tho despatches pub bushed yesterday show that Sir Michael Hicks Bcach rogarded war as unnecessary and inex- pedient, and believed that Sir Bartle Frero had embarked upon a dangerous course ; but unfortunately his despatches were written too lato to accomplish his pacific object. On November 21 the Colonial Secretary wrote to the Governor deprecating a warlike policy ; but as it occupies exactly a calendar month for a letter to reach Pietermaritzburg from England, and as Sir B. Frere despatched his ulti- matum to Cetewayo on December 11, the fatal step had been taken before Sir Michael could make his iniluence felt in the Councils of the Governor. Sir B. Frere is endeavouring to carry out to the very letter the samo policy which Lord Lytton has adopted in Afghanistan. I have spoken of Sir Bartle Frere as the author of this war. Professed philanthropist though he be, I do not think'that he would venture to challenge the truth of this allega- tion, especially as the evidence by which it is proved has been supplied by himself. The only serious dispute between the British Government and Cote wayo had reference to the subject df the disputed boundary between Zululand and the Transvaal Ter- ritory. The Licutenant-Governor of Natal, with the concurrence of Cetewayo, proposed that there should be an impartial inquiry into tho ownership of the disputed tract, and the Home Government consented to this arrangement on tho understanding that the Governor of the Capo Colony, in his capa- city of High Commissioner, made the award. The three Commissioners who were appointed by Sir Henry Bulwer, investigated the subject at Korke's Drift, and in an elaborate report, dated June 20, decided substantially in favour of the Zulu claims. Sir H. Bulwer Btrongly recommended that the award should bo made known to tho Zulu King as soon as possible, and that wa should then wait for some indication of his future intentions before taking any new step. Instead of acting upon this good advice, Sir. B. Frere kept the Commissioner's report in his pocket for nearly six months, and then, when he dispatched his award to Cetewayo, sent with itan ultimatum requiring the Chief to disband his anny and to chango his entire military system in a month-a thing which, as Lord Glanville said in the House of Lords last night, it was manifestly impossible for him to do in the time. Moreover, while prof easing to give back to the Zulus the territory which tho British Commissioners had decided was their property, ho issued a separate memorandum informing tho King that British titles would be given to the Dutch farmers, who, I may add, had taken care to occupy the best land in the dispnted tract. Theso facts are established on Sir B Frere's own testimony, and they prove beyond all cavil that he had deliberately made up his mind to fight the Zulus. A strong suspicion is entertained here that the broad lines of his policy were concerted between him and Lord Carnarvon, who astonished everybody last night by his defence of the war. The supporters of tho Government allege .that the war is a legacy which they inherited from Lord Carnarvon, and no doubt the deplorable events now transpiring in South Africa may bo distinctly traced to the annexation of the Transvaal. It is alleged that the Government did not send to Lord Chelmsford all the reinforcements for which he asked, but this thoy deny, and they also declare that both Sir Bartle Frere and Lord Chelmsford have written private letters expressing their entire satisfaction at the promptitude with which their call for troops had been responded to, as well as with the manner in which all the arrangements had been carried out. If this be true, an uncommonly heavy responsibility rests upon Lord Chelmsford, who, I although one of the best clarionet playors in Knglaud, has not yet shone as a General." THE OUTGOINO ENGLISH MAIL.-By the ordinary time table tho next mail for England is appointed to leave on Monday next. That day being Easter Monday and a general holiday, a mail closing would be an anomaly. Accordingly the mail will close on Saturday, and a supplemental mail be made up on Monday, a public convenience no doubt. But still the question remains. As the Tanjoro does not leave Melbourne till 2 p.m. on Thursday, why not postpone the sailing of tho Tasmanian steamer, Southern Cross, from Tuesday till Wednesday. Had this been done, and tho mail that would have thus closed hero on Tuesday evening not been subjected to the preposterous detention of four horns at Antill Ponds, there could have been no doubt of tho steamer Southern Cross catching tho Tanjore. But this would have beeu too much for Tasmanian energy, which is content with the Hobart Town mail closing on ordinary occasions, G8 hours or two days and 20 hours before tho sailing of the mail steamer from Melbourne. The distance can bo done by express train and steamer in 32 hours. JOURNALISTIC.-Yestorday a veteran journalist voluntarily laid down his pen that he might, in the evening ot his days, enjoy the otium cum dignitate' which he has so well merited. Few who aro now taking part in public business, or in the activo duties of professional or commercial life, can carry their thoughts so far back as to remember the period when the portly figure of Mr. H. J. C. Cox was not familiar in the reporter's box. For upwards of a quarter of a century Mr. Cox has maintained an uninterrupted position on the press, cMcfly in Hobart Town. His connection with tho press of Tasmania was almost coeval with tho introduction of responsible Government into tho colony, and few Ímblic epochs havo passed in tho rcoording of which io did not take a part. Of his qualifications ns a reporter it is hardly necessary to speak. His ability and his independence were universally recognised. But it was chiefly iii Parliament and in tho law courts that his faithfulness and ability were brought out, and it is some consolation to know that though ho has thus retired from tho activo duties of his profession ho will, for a time, at least, continuo to represent The Mercury, as ho has so often and so well done in the reporter's box in Parliament and* also during any important law case in the Suprome Court, whore it will bo difficult to find a substitute for him. By the proprietors of ï'/ie Mercury and by his fellow-workers on tho literary staff of the paper, Mr. Cox was much respected ; and wo believe that it is intended to get up some suitable testi- monial to present to him on his retirement, to which object we havo little doubt many of the lawyers, merchants, members of Parliament, and leading pnblic men of Taamauia will cheerfully contributo. VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY CORPS.-Tho members of this corps marched yesterday evening to Sandy Bay with their guns, the proceedings taking, tho form of a sham- fight. A detachment with two field guns under Captain Evans, with a small arm party, were supposed to have landed as au invading party opposite the houso of Mr. I!. J. Lucas, and were opposed by the rest of the body under Captain Crowther. The invading force kept on advancing into town until all their ammunition was expended, when the manouvres were stopped, and refreshment was then obtained for the whole forco at tho adja- cent hotels. Tho men numbered 157 all told, The corps, under the full command of Captain Crowther, then marched back to town, headed by their band, and wero dismissed at the drill- yard. VOLUNTEER RIFLE RIXHJII.NT.-What was in- tended to have been a moonlight parado of the Rille Regiment was arranged to take placo last ovening at Rosny, but the thick state of the atmos- phere, together with a misty rain that foil during tho early part of the evening, both obscured tho moon, and seriously interfered with the proposal. About 250 rank and file, however, assembled at tho barracks, under the command of Lieut.-Colonel St. Hill, who was assisted by Captain Boddam, staff, officer. The Volunteers wero foimcd into four companies, and inarched to the twin-steamer Kan- garoo, which was lying alongsido tho Kangaroo, Pier, Thence they wore convoyed to Rosnoy and on arrival there, tho regiment was put through various military ovolutions, mid fired a fen dr. jaie. Tho order to " pile arina " was thou given, and the men wsro ajjowpd to break off. Tho hand thon played some dance music very creditably, and numbers of volunteers, togcthor with civilians-whohad also been transported thither by the steamer-tripped the " light fantastic) too," while thoso who wero not such enthusiastic devotees of Terpsichore followed the bent of their inclina- tions by roaming about the placo. Meanwhile tho rain, which had proved anything but agreeable, ceased to fall, and the atmosphere became compara- tively clear. Tho volunteers wero again formed into marching order, and embarked on board tho steamer. Tho city was reached shortly beforo 11 o'clock, and en route the members of tho Regiment wero supplied with rofreshnjepts, which had been provided at tho cost of tho captains, all of whqm wero accorded phecra for thejr gcnprqsjty. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN RIFIX ASSOCIATION.-On Monday morning Captain Hull t]ie Secretary at- tended at tho Butts, and formally handed over to Master Gunner Chisholm of tho Military Depart, mont, the several targets etc., etc., lent in 1870 to tho Association, which ara now required, in order that the Musketry Instruction of the Rifle Regiment may bo immediately carried out to its completion nt tho Butts. On examining tho rango which was in uso in tho formor volunteer times 1800-4 the 500 yards rango has been found to ho destroyed by the orection of buildings) fences and other pnçroachinonts ; whilst the riglit-of-way has ljeeii roduqod hy now fencing to so narrow a compass that a Btout Rifleman would ho stiiicesjcd in passing through to tho targets. These clearly should ho removed, BO that tho 300 Riflemen and 200 Artillerymen may go through their eourso of musketry instruction whilst tho fine weather lasts. If this is put off until lato in the season, tho officers and mon will be exposed to tho biting wind from the sea, and unslioltered from the rain ; and will tend to deter all but zealous Voluuteors from performing this most essential part of their duty. CORRECTION.-Owing to a similarity in tho manies an error oropt into our columns yostordny, whioh made it appear that Mr. G. H. Bailey would ho un ablo to play in tho fprthcominß Ijorth p. South match. It is Mr, II. V. Bayly who will bo unahlo to play, owing to inability to obtain loavo of ah. spneo, and ho will bo replaced by Mr. E. Whitosidos. Tho absoneo of Mr, Bayly will probably mako tho match a moro even one, by weakening tho bowling strength of tho South, BARLEY.-Wo havo rocoived a sample of ¡J00 bushels of English barloy, grown by tho Mossrs. Keating, Broadmarsh, and threshed by James's machine. The barley is of good quality and very clean, and free (rom brui»ing in threshing, UNIVERSITY BOAT 'HACE.-Our telegram from London to-day informs us that tho University Boat Itacc was won by Cambridge easily. Out of the 30 races rowed siuce 1S29, Oxford has won IS and Cambridge 17, the dead heat of 1877 making up the reckoning. CIVIL SITTINGS.-There was only ono case for trial at the Civil Sittings hold yesterday beforo His Honor the Chief Justice Stafford v Koerbln, au action in trespass (/mire rlausumfrrgit. The plain- tiff alleged that defendant took possession ni and pulled downhishouse in Campbell-street; defendant had given him notice to quit as a weekly tenant, but he claimed to be a yearly tenant, having 14 years ago made an arrangement with Mr. Champion that he should remain in possession so long as he paid the rent, two shillings a week, and he claimed £100 damages for the valuo of some smoko pans used in his trade of a iish-curer, the cost of having to get otherjpremises, and losses sustainod, owing to his being unable to find suitable premises to carry on his business. Evidence of value was given, but tho main defence was that tli'e premises were not his, but had passed to the defendant under a certifi- cate of title from the Real Property Department. A curious argument took place as to the effect of the 40th section of tho Act, and the completo operation of titles derived thereunder. The jury found for the .defendant, His Honor reserving to the plaintiff .leave to move1 the full Couit to set it aside, and enter a verdict for tho plaintiff. CITY POLICE COURT.-There was a full sheet of i police charges at the City Police Court yesterday. 'Liwlcss'iess and drunkenness had been rife in the city from Saturday night to the closing hours of Sunday.; The prisoners were mostly youu? men, whose blear-eyed and debauched appearance bo tokened a' familiar acquaintance with drink and degrading vice. With the exception of two all i pleaded guilty, and the remaining charges were ¡proved. Fines were inflicted as follow ¡-John i Tracy, George Murray, and William Snow disturb ling the peace in company, 20a. Gd., or one month's ' imprisonment. Johanna Parker and Margaret Hal- loran for the s'.me offence were each lined 10s. Gd., I or 14 days' imprisonment. Williams Burns was ¡hied 20s. Gd,, or a month's detention for UBÎng ob 1 scene language ; and Thomas Kirwan for similarly i offending was fined 10s. Gd., or 14 days. Michael Carroll and James Evans were each lined 10s. 6d. for insulting behaviour. Four persons were fined 1 for being drunk and incapable. John Carrier, aged 14, and Adyo Spencer, aged 11, were charged with sleeping in an unoccupied building, and having no 'visible means of support. They pleaded guilty. Carrier had boen beforo the Court before, but Spencer was the son of respoctablo parents who . had promised the constable to chastise him, if the Bench would treat him leniently. Carrier was sent, to gaol for 14 days, and Spencer for 7, the Bench expressing regret that there was no reformatory to which they might be sent. The Chairman hoped tlie boys would be kept separate from the other prisoners. His Worship the Mayor and Alderman Daly presided. 1 POLIOE MANAGEMENT (?).-The man John Palmer, who was arrested in March last at New Norfolk, by the local police, ou a charge of unlawfully wounding in 1870, and was forwarded to Hobart Town, in order that proceedings might he taken against him, was again arrested on Saturday at Bellerive, and was yesterday forwarded to town to the House of Correction. It will bo remembered that when Palmer was brought up at the Police Court last month, Mr. Superintendent Propsting applied for his discharge, alleging that it was acaso of mistaken identity. A good deal of sympathy was expressed for tho man, and a subscription was got up, enabling him to return to the hop-picking at Now Norfolk. There ho has remained since, and on Thursday he returned by the Monarch with tlio other hop pickers. Crossing over to Bcllerivo, ho was again recognised and re-arrestcd, tho Clarenco police being sure of thoir man, it having been in conséquence of previous recognition of him by one of their number, that the first arrest was offectcd. Either, however, thoy are wrong, or the Superintendent at Now Norfolk sent down the wrong man, or Superinten- dent Propsting erred very strangely in asking for his discharge. That someone has blundered is very certain, and to-morroiv's proceedings will, no doubt, inform the public who it is. Palmer's long lease of liberty is owing to his having wounded himself also, on the occasion that he injured tho woman, and waa sent to the Hospital. When nearly well he escaped thence, and has since been working in the counti y districts, until he was recognised at Now Norfolk, as already stated. ANOTHER ESCAFE FROM GAOL.-The fact of another prisoner having managed to escape yesterday 1 morning from custody, under still moro Btrango conditions than the other cases of recent occurrence, will force the conviction that it is of little use that severe sentences aro passed on offenders, unless at tho same time such steps are taken as will prevent thoir evading their punishment. The new escapee is a mau named Walter Collins, a sailor, who was sentenced in April 1S77, at the Supremo Couit, Launceston, to seven yeais' imprisonment for assault I and highway robbery. About this time last year ho succeeded in getting away with another man named Winters from tho night cells at the House, of Correction, but was shortly afterwards recaptured ' and received mi additional torm of fiftoeen months' for the offence. Ho was employed sinco in tho i Domain quarry wheeling thestono from one portion to tho other for breaking, and was dressed in tho yellow and black parti- colourodclothing worn by nb , scoudcrs, being tho only ono of the prisoners so attired. There were three men watching the prisoners, two 1 armed guards and an overseer, so that under all conditions it will not bo too much to say that oither .connivance or gross nogligenco is at tho bottom of the affair. The overseer s name is M'Carthy, and tho two armed guards M'Cormack and Cogland ; the former, with one of the guards being inside with the prisoners, and the latter (Cogland) walking up and down outsido the fence. All three have been suspended by Mr. Atkins, the Governor of tho gaol, pending the result of an inquiry. The , circumstances of tho escapo arc, as far as wo can learn, as follows ¡-Senior Constable Smith enquired nt the quarry at twenty minutes piat cloven o'clock if all were right, and was told tliat such wa3 the caso. Ho then went on to the Domain, continuing his inspection, and before ho returned the escape was reported. Cogland, the outside man, had oc- casion to go insido for n few minutes, during which he was relieved outsido by M'Carthy, who took his loaded weapon, and walked outside, locking, as ho says, the gate after him. When Cogland carno baok after a fow miuutes M 'Carthy almost immediately found Collins' clothing on the ground, the man having got clear off, attired, it is supposed, in clothing that had been planted for lum. It is conjectured, that early in the morning ho got this clothing on in private under the canary Btripes, and when opportunity offered, toro the latter down, appearing in mufti at once. How ho got through the gate, if it were locked, passed the armed guard, etc., is the mystery to bo solved. Both Coglan and McCarthy are old Imperial Pensioners, and would bo hardly likely tq risk their reputation in such a way for a bribe. Gross nogligenco is the other alternative to which the facts narrated point. Collins was still at largo at a late hour last night. THE ASSAULT CASE -The man Wilson, for whoso .apprehension a warrant was issued more than a week ago for an aggravated assault upon McsBrs. Hill and Taylor, was still at largo up to a lato hour last evening, tho polioo having failed to affect his arrest. We aro sorry for it, aa sorious rumours aro afloat as to tho way thoy have been induced to treat the affair. If police supervision proceeds in thia stylo, Hobart Town will boalivelyplaco of rcsidonco. VISITING JUSTICES AT THE GAOL.-At a Court of Quarter Sessions hold yesterday morning at the Town Hall, His Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. H. Burgess) and Mr. W. P. Green were duly olocted for tlie ensuing year as visiting justices at tho Gaol, the former taking tho place of Mr. G. Crisp, who as acted with Mr. Green during tho past year. GRADUATING IN CRIMC-The Police Court in largo centres daily exhibits a dark and unhappy phase of human nature. It is the focus of criminal and yicious life. Its habitués aro the lowest orders of society who batten on tl)0 details of infamy and shame with keenest appetite-, Even young girls, just entoring upon a career of immorality, find a congenial relish in tho turbid stream of Police Court oxperiencos. A whole crowd of those graco less creatures assomblod at tho City Court yesterday to revel in a full feast of feculent profligacy, but thoir depraved enjoyment was of Bhort duration, as His Worship tho Mayor, who presided, ordered tho Court to bo cleared of all these females, SUNDAY AMUSEMENT*-Last week wo hoard of Sunday School children lunusing themselves by throwing stones on tho roof of tho building in ?whick they njoot for instruction. Now wo hoar of children of n larger growth, asqonding Mount AVol lington last Sunday, making a uro on tho eijgo of tho cliffs, or, as they aro coinniqiily called, organ pipes ; then collecting largo stones and rolling them over the cliffs, not knowing whero thoy may roll to, or if thoro wore any adventurers Uko themselves taking a walk on tho mountain, but bolow tho cliffs instead of abovo. Whon theso young mon had finished their work of nmusemant, did tho thought enter their minds, how slow and arduous was tho uphill work thoy had undertaken, and thon, whon tho stones wont over the edgd, how rapid was tho downward conrso'i CAPITAL PIWWMKNT.-Somo interesting figures bearing upon tho subject of capital punishment, and with special rqforonco to tlia frequency of tho crimo of murder in the Canton of Fnbourg, bcfqro and since tho abolition of tho death penalty, have just beon published. lu this canton, M'hich has 110,000 inhabitants, thoro woio only soven oases of murder in tho ton years botweon 18G1 and 1874. In tho lattor year tho pmiislimont of death was abolished throughout tho Confederation. During tho three years immediately following that ovent, no fowor than fifteen murders wore committed in tho canton, whilo this yearalone thoro have boon fivo oases of homieido, making altogether twenty in four years. Thus, whon capital punishment prevailed, tho murders woro at tho rato of loas than ono a year ; iiQw they occur at the ratp of livp a year.- Sumlay School Chronicle. ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY.-A man namod Patriak Donnolly, 5U years of ago, who is employed on tho Maiu Lino Ballway unloading coal, fell ovor ono of the rails yosterday and rcoolvod wounds on the lioso and under tho right oyo, He was taken to the Gener»lv,Hoipi)«l, where .his injuries were nttendedto. " ' ..","'""n ,;,1.1',, ,,. CITY COUNCIL.-The City Council, at its meeting yesterday, dealt with Alderman Maker's resolution affecting the proposed municipal loan of £20,000, all the members being present. Tho mover, in an earnest advocacy for improving the sewage of tho city, went fully into his scheme for ameliorating tho sanitary condition of tho city in this and other directions, and dwelt upon the auxiliary advantages Ho did not desire to plunge at onco into a heavy ex- penditure, hut \\\ ¡shed to have tho work commenced, and the cost extended over sevoral years. His idea was to devote tho incresing revenue of the past few years, amounting to nearly £700 to the payment of the interest on the loan. The resolution was opposed on the ground that au additional rato would be necessary to meei the loan, and before it was im- posed, the question Bhould go before tho ratepayers. The Mayor, in giving his casting vote against the proposition, however, expresaed himself in favour of a Bowago rato, and would havo supported the motion, had it indicated this mode of raising the interest. TASMANIAN RACINCCLUB.-Thehalfyearlygencral meeting of the mombers of the Tasmanian Racing Club, called in accordance with the terms of rule 5, yesterday aftoruoon, lapsed for want of a quorum. Tho Hon. Secretary, Mr. George Brown, waa absent iu Launceston, but it was understood that thcro was no business of importance to bo brought forward. PROFESSOR PEPPER. - It has been long rumoured by London correspondents of different papers that Professor Pepper, of London Polytechnic fame, was about to pay a visit to the colonies bringing with him all his ghost and other scientific apparatus with a series of lectures on all the most recent modern discoveries. The visit will be looked upon as highly important by colonial scientists. Professor Pepper's visit to Australia is due to the enterprise of a resident of Hobart Town, Mr. J. T. Cole, who received a Reuter's Telegram last evening stating that in all probability the Professor would leave by the next mail steamer via Brindi-i, the apparatus for the lecture illustrations having been already despatched. The engagement is for 200 nights and the lectures will be delivered in all the principal colonial towns. FIR» AT SANDY BAY.-About halfpast two o'clock yesterday afternoon the alarm was received in town of a fire at Sandy Bay and both reels were at onco despatched to the spot, the Tasmanian under Mr- Maher, arriving first, and the Derwent and Tamar, under Mr. Hedherg, shortly after- wards. It was then found that a cottage in King street, tho property of Mr. Backhouse, in the occu- pation of a shepherd named Gibaon,wa8 one mass of flames, and was too far gone to be saved, so atten- tion was paid to the surrounding premises, which were succosBfulIy saved. A large quantity of property in the other houses was however destroyed in courso of removal from them. Gibson's cottage, which was two Etoried and of wood and brick, was entirely destroyed neither he nor tho owner wero insured, so the loss is a severe one. Great credit is due to the neighbours and members of both hrigades for their oxertions in preventing the spread of tho fire. It is supposed that it originated in a shed at the back where somo hay was stored. ArrLEs,-There was yesterday exhibited on the counter of the Mercury office, a basket of very fine eating and cooking apples, including specimens of the Blue Permain, the Scarlet Permain, the Alexan- der, the Alphenstcin, the Stone Pippin, tho American Crows Egg and tho French Crab. They wero grown by Mr. John Calvert, South Arm, and considering how very dry tho season has been, tho sb.es of tho several specimens speak volumes for Mr. Calverts care and tho soil ho has had to work. MR. WELD-BLTJNDELL.-Tho Peak Downs Tele- gram has the following respecting the now election for Claremont :-" Wo are sure, so far, of only ono local candidate-namely, Mr. Wold Blundell. This gentleman, as is well known, has a personal interest in the progress and prosperity of Peak Downs, and it may be taken for granted that ho knows what is wanted. Moreover, his position is Buch that Govern- ment "billets," however plentiful they may be, would ho no temptation to him, whichever party were in power, and the electorate would run no risk of losing its representativo during pel haps the most important part of tho session. Then ho would support the present Ministry, who, by tho way, aro likely to be in ollico for somo years at least ; and the electors would scarcely consult their own interests by sending down an Oppositionist. " AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH.-A telegram in the Examiner from George Town on Sunday Bays : Yesterday afternoon whilo playing cricket a man named Murdock Beeton, a roaidont of George Town, fell down and expired in a few minutes. Medical aid was procured, but too lato to bo of any servico. Deceased had only obtained special license yestor day, and was to havo been married to-morrow morning at S o'clock. CUSTOMS DUTIES.- The Cuatom House annual roturn, dated tho (ith inst., status that tho gross amount produced bv Customs duties in tho year 1878 at £20,191,52G, being moro hy £331,203 than in tlio preceding year. Tobacco, the largest item, ia returned as producing £8,470,G30, showing £389,809 increase ; spirits brought in £5,414,019, a ! docreaso of £90,089 ; tea, £3,942,315, an increase of £100,421 ; wine, £1,523,231, a decrease of £134,926; dried fruits, £510,414, an iucreaso of £31,401 ; coffee, £208,7S9, an inoroaso of £3,517. The net produce of the year's Customs duties, after deduct- ing drawbacks and allowances for damage, otc, was £20,087,581, and the increase £331,350. "I don't soo how thero over came to be so many words in the world !" exclaimed a girl who was studying her spelling lesson, "why, sis said her brother. " thoy come through folks quarrelling. Then, you know, one word always brings on another. ' On Easter Monday the steamer Monarch is to make an excursion to and from Now Norfolk, leaving the Franklin Wharf at 9 a.m., and Now Norfolk to return at 3 p.m. Meetings of landholders aro to bo hold as follows : Hamilton District, at tho New Inn, Hamilton," on Tuesday, 20th hist., at 1 p.m ; Woodstock District, at Woodstock, on Tuesday, 22nd hist., at 1 p.m' A meeting of persons interested in forming a racin" club is to bo held at the Epsom Hotel, Brighton, on Saturday, April 12, at 2'30 p.m, The quarterly meeting of the general oommltteo of the Benevolent Society is to bo held this ovening at the depOt, Bathurst-strect. Messrs. Jeffrey and Priest, ear proprietors, have leased from the Main Line Railway Co. the right of ontranco to the yard at tho Hobart Town terminus. 