Lost in the Winning." By "Dbaminoo." Chapter XXVII. magpie's secret. I NEVER thought I could' have felt anything but a deep feeling of relief at James' departure ; but strange to say, now he is gone, I miss him. If the Bouncer were to die, to slow music, of a broken heart, I think I should find myself recall- ing her good points, and forgetting her bad ones, I wonder whether she'd think the same of me, if I died first ; I'm afraid not I have an idea she'd execute a war-dance over my lifeless body, and otherwise insult my remains. However there's one thing certain this last little affair has led up to a sort of understanding between Clara and Nevil. Not that he's all I should like him to be, but still he's an improvement upon what he was. He gets moody fits on him, seem like a man who did not know his own mind : wonder if any men do? A good deal of my old energy has departed. I am not the bird I was ; cats have become a burden and a source of trouble to me, and even in the butcher's dog affords no consolation. The very servants bully me now, and I don't think I could fly a mile to save my neck. They have all gone out to a party to-night, and I am alone. I went to sleep just now and had a horrid dream : I thought I was still in this room, and that in the corner I saw a white object moving towards me. I could not stir ; I had to sit still and watch this horrid thing growing bigger and more gigantic, looming through the darkness, and still v-approaching me. I never knew what fright was before ; my heart stood still, and nearer and nearer came this awful thing, till with a skirt k it rushed at me crying, "Pretty cocky pretty cocky I" and I awoke, to I tried to Bay in prayer. I wonder if murderers feel like this-There ! it's coming again. Keep off. It was a fair fight. Help ! mercy, help 11 ! When Clara came home from the party, she found me lying in a fit on the floor ; so I heard afterwards. But it was two days before I got at all well, and even now I'm as shaky as possible. Clara goes about the house singing like a bird at present. I'm rather disgusted ; I should have thought that she would have had a little more consideration for me in my weak state ; but there it's all alike ; if I was in my grave, the world would go on the some as over. We've got a new acquaintance ; his name as Bantam-Robert Bantam, but everybody calls him Bob. He's a good little fellow, and is gone on the Bouncer, whom be met at that party the night I had the fit. He's taught me to say a lot of nice things, though some of them get me into rows ; but what's the fun of life without rows 1 I wonder how poor James is getting on when I think that I was the author of his banishment I feel a little melancholy at times, but I believe it will do him good, and that thought consoles me ; I was born to do good, I think. What a conscious little monkey Clara Ira got this last day or two who talks to me sometimes, just because she's so happy, and it has to brim over. Well, I'm out of all this one time I could have entered into the feelings and rejoiced with her, but now I am old, and embittered, and well, I believe I'm jealous. You See Clara has been my girl always; I've brought her up from a child, so now when I see that even my ill-health does not prevent her being abominably happy I feel just a little sore. I suppose it's jealousy, the green-eyed monster. I really believe e Agatha's going to make a success of it this time ; Bob's fairly caught. I think he'll improve the Bouncer bring out what good points She has, and not let her make such a stupid of herself as she does at times. Bob keeps everybody laughing when he's here ; Agatha nearly emulates me, and goes into a fit. He imitated Bloomington making a speech in the House the other night, and I nearly cried he made me chuckle be. But Jack and Nell, who were there, did not seem to enjoy it so much ; why, I am sure I don't know, for they have no sympathy with the man caricatured. However the Bouncer's an appreciative audience at all times, and the only one Bob cares for at present, and so long as they are happy it's all right. 0, what a long time it seems since we used to live upon the station and I went out with Jack in the morning to count sheep and what great fun I used to have at shearing time when there were any amount of strangers about the place. I didn't have fits in those days, or dream of cockatoos' ghosts ; I was strong and active, not a broken-down old bird, with a cracked voice, and a droop in one eyelid, The postman brought a letter just now for Jack, in a woman's handwriting ; it's lying on the table ; Shall I play any tricks with it ! got a Melbourne post mark on wonder what feminine correspondent he has down there No, I don't think I'll play any more pranks with letters, but it's tempting. The Bouncers very curious too ; pre looked at it all round, and weighed it, and criticised the envelope and the handwriting and all the outside of it : evidently she wondered, like me, what business Jack had with lady correspondents in Melbourne. By the way, this big blow-up of the Government has been postponed, but only for a short time, and then we shall see what we shall see. I'm getting interested in politics ; people always take to them as life advances ; either that or eat- ing and drinking ; I have take to politics, but they're hard. The only time I went to the House I experienced great difficulty in understanding first Was going oil. One man was speaking that was evident-but nobody appeared to be listening ; still he kept on talking, as though he had been wound up by machinery, and must get through a certain number of words before he sat down. I caught a few phrases here and there, but they were not enough to enable me to get at r- Cihe drift of his speech. The whole thing was lame in the extreme, and I came away. But, though I was disgusted at what I saw, I am interested in the questions of the day ; particularly the Native Birds Protection Bill ; bless you I could speak on that subject for hours. They protect laughing jackasses ! ! Did you ever have to live in the same tree with one 6 I did, That wretch used to wake me up every morning, that I nearly went mad, Gobble gobble gobble before the stars were put out ; but I revenged myself. I went up and roasted above him, and took a small stone up with me. Of course he commenced his insane laugh the first thing in the morning, and threw his head back and opened his mouth as though she'd made a joke. I looked down at him, took a good aim, and dropped the pebble right into his open mouth. He died of apoplexy at least he choked ; but he did not awaken me the next morning. .... Well if that was not cool ! Nevil came here, and there was nobody in the room just at the time excepting me. Jack's letter was on the table, and he happened to catch sight of it. He picked it up eagerly, and opened it at once. Now what do you call that Opened it, read it, put it in his pocket, and took his hat and went away. Clara came down in a few seconds, and he had vanished, gone, without leaving an apology with me, or saying anything. I could see Clara was astonished, and a little bit hurt ; just enough to make her point, and look pro jokingly nice. Not content with this strange and unceremonious proceeding, Master Never came back in about half-an-hour's time, and it just served him right, he rushed right into Mrs. Maclure's arms metaphorically of course and she had him for two guineas for the Asylum for Sick Dogs at once. However he had the satisfaction of explaining matters to Clara and being forgiven, and seeing her smile instead of post. He had forgotten an important telegram, he said, but that does not account for his opening Jack's letter. Mrs. Maclure tackled Bob the other day, but he was too many for her. He feigned the deepest interest in the Asylum for Sick Dogs : got the names of the patrons, the committee, and the member of dogs that had been cured ; kept her talking for nearly an hour; and then said that it was a most praiseworthy institution, and if he had a friend who had a sick dog he should certainly recommend him to send it there he would only be too glad to subscribe a < couple of guineas-here the dear old girl got her list out-ax soon as he owned a dog at present it might have his best wishes for its success, and he would speak about it highly, everywhere. I feel better to-night, not quite so stagger about the legs, and not so many specks floating in front of my eyes. I'm in great hopes of being able to peck somebody soon. * Bight of re-publication reserved by the Author Chapter XXVIII. "The question is, reflected Never as he tied a white tie and admired himself in the glass at the same time, "whether the game is worth the candle." He sat down and looked at his dress boots as though they night solve a mystery that no man yet solved ; then proceeded to pull one on, with an air of infinite disgust. " I suppose" he thought, most games are not worth the amount of candle expended in playing them ; but probably I am at this moment indulging in a more prodigal amount of illumination than general. I'm a conceited ass, that is certain, or I would not have got it into my head that a certain dame is so infatuated with me that I'm bound to he her devoted attendant, and allow her to entertain the notion that for the victim of a hopeless passion, found out only too late. A modern edition of Sir Launcelot and Queen Guinevere ; Bloomington in the character of the BtainleBa king ; not bad idea that last. In addition to this I find I am falling head over ears in love-the real genuine thing-with Clara Danten and I have neglected that ancient and highly.to-bo-commended maxim, 'be off with the old love before you are on with the new. Considering all things, Master David, you've acted in about the most careless, stupid, almost dishonor- able manner that you well could do : I'm beginning to be proud of you. Supposing I don't show up to-night, won't that has good beginning to make ? disobey Queen Jane's sovereign orders, indicate my intention to regain my freedom. Who's this ?" he exclaimed aloud, as the door opened and the man he called Bob entered in evening dress. " Aren't you dressed, you lazy beggar !" he demanded. " No ; I've changed my mind I shan't go to this hope too much trouble." " You'll throw me over like that will you ? Not if I know it you'll have to come whether you like it or not, be put your coat on immediately, if not sooner." " No, Bob, I'm not going ; I've got a headache, or a toothache, or something, I don't know which, but you can apologise for me." " I'll do nothing of the sort ; don't be such an old idiot as to dress yourself and then change your mind. Come on !" " I suppose you'll give me no peace if I don't ; it's useless trying to keep the narrow path when such evil angels as you are fooling around. " Ingratitude ; beastly ingratitude I I was a good angel to you the other night, when in reality I should have greatly enjoyed seeing the old woman having a row with you from a high moral stand-point. But I sacrificed my own pleasure for the sake of my friend, and this is how he in pays me." " Is there a cab outside I" said Nevil, who had got his coat on by this time and was looking the picture of resignation. " Yes I been waiting for the last half-hour, so I trust you will remember to pay the fare." A short drive brought them to the scene of festivity. Never looked curiously round as he entered the room, and the first glance told him that no sweet little cherub had looked after his interests ; both the old love and the new were there. After being reprimanded by the lady of the house for his late arrival, he thought he saw a good opening for escaped by plunging into a small knot of skulkers from their duties as dancing men, who were discussing the coming want-of-confidence vote. Although not in the least interested he joined the conversation with ostensibly great animation. But this could not last forever ; the force of circumstances, and the flight of time, compelled him at last to find his way to the side of Queen Guinevere, unless he wished his avoidance to become marked. "Not dancing to night?" he enquired, rather hoping such was the case. " My first partner seemed to think that dancing consisted in coming into collision with everybody you possibly could, no matter if you went out of your way to do it. My next had been drinking sherry ; so I have refused the last two." " What's this a waltz! will you tempt fate even more ?" She rose without answering. The music happened to be exceptionally good for a wonder, and the air adapted from an old German melody full of the strange sweetness that seems to belong exclusively to waltz music. As it rose and fell in regular measure, and they kept time to its rhythm, Nevil began to fact that the chains were tightening instead of loosing. What was tightening the bonds ? The hand that he held, small, slender with a glove like a second skin on it the hand that never touched his without his first feeling regarding it's latent strength coming over him Was it that ? or the glance from those deep eyes, that, like the fabled Lamia's, scorned ready to weep over the mischief they were bound to cause The close-fitting ball dress of the present day, so fatal to the appearance of most women, was worn by his companion with unconscious grace in every curve of her figure there was the feet sweep that stands the test of clinging folds and classic display of outline. in every movement and attitude there was the inborn artistic perception of a beautiful woman. When nature does give a woman the rare gift of a perfect form she gives her with it that almost unconscious knowledge of effect that would prevent her doing anything awkwardly even in a desert uninhabited land where there was nobody to pose for. As Never passed Clara Danten he could not help being struck with the difference in the two women and yet-although Elaine could not have worn Guinevere's robes with impunity-was not she the more alluring of the two ? One was pre- eminently womanly ; the other was a woman almost faultless in form and in face, but wanting the chief charm of womanhood softness and tenderness. And therein was the fatal fascina- tion that kept Nevil prisoner against hid calmer judgment for he felt intuitively, or rather a thousand little words and looks had told him, that he was the one man who could make these missing flowerets spring up and blossom into life and sweetness. The music ceased and he was standing on the broad verandah, the soft southern night wind whispering through the shrubs and flowers that were sleeping under the dim light of a dying moon ; his partner, with her hand resting on his arm, silent beside him. When that ancient and conceited old Arab first started the notion that speech was silver and silence golden, he had probably just passed through the critical stage of a desperate flirtation and had found how much more expressive it is at times to say nothing than to preach a sermon. Certainly the five minutes' silence in the shadowy half-light of the verandah did more mischief than an hour's talking would have done, Then, as their solitude was disturbed, they sauntered back to the light and bustle of the crowded room. " How pretty the youngest Miss Danten looks to-night," said Mrs. Bloomington, after Never had taken her to a seat, and was yet in attendance, alone. The look that he had cast towards the young lady in question had not been unnoticed. "Very pretty, and she's as good as pretty ;" returned he heartily and warmly. " I wonder how Sisters can be be different ; she is so genuine, and lovable altogether, compared to the elder one, went on the lady, who was the last woman to do such a commonplace thing as disparage a possible rival. "The eldest Miss Danten is a very nice girl, but not remarkable for anything out of the common that is all I think." "Exactly; nothing out of the common; and the common is, as a rule, be very common that I'd rather anybody I liked distinguished themselves in the wrong direction than not at all." " Mr. Bloomington seems about to rise to distinction in a lawful and commendable manner, said Never carelessly. She looked up at him reproachfully : " Et la, Bruce," that glance seemed to say : then with the shadow of a sneer on her lip replied, "Yes, he's likely to become a man of importance ; is not that the right phrase ? I'm thinking of getting him to send home to Herald's College for a coat of arms ; what motto could you advise ?" "Liberty, quality, cf fraternity, returned he thoughtlessly ; but just as he was thinking it would make matters worse to apologise Jack Danten joined them. There was a look of strange pity in Danten's eyes, Mrs. Bloomington thought, as he made the commonplace request for the favor of a dance. She liked him, and wanted him to like her,' because he was Nevil's friend and had great influence over him but beyond that had no desire to have him at her chariot wheels ; therefore she was unable to account for it, except that he felt sorry for her, in a general sort of way, for being married to Bloomington and like any other woman she objected to sympathy on that account, although beating her husband. Never being released gravitated naturally towards Clara Danten, and was properly served by finding himself rather late in the field. However he managed to secure her for supper, and was allowed to discover that the first and only round dance she intended dancing after supper had been kept open. A discovery of which he promptly availed himself. It was again a waltz and the same Bad old melody that had been played before. Novel could scarcely analyse his own feelings as he looked at the round girlish cheek close to his shoulder, and caught a shy glance from the bright eyes that belonged to it. He was be lost in his dreaming that he nearly came to grief against his friend Bob and the eldest Miss Banter, who were trying to dance a galop to waltz music just by way of infusing a little change into the proceedings, Bob said. Escaping this danger by dexterous pilotage, they found the room getting be full by reason of so many more men gaining courage to dance after supper that Novel proposed an adjournment on to the verandah ; carrying out which idea they came upon Jack and Mrs. Mortmain. This formed a partie care that was not broken up till Jack went in search of his other sister, who was still keeping the floor. It was nearly 2 o'clock as Never turned away from watching his friends drive off, recalling the look and smile Clara had given him as she waved him a last playful adieu, " I feel mean, as the Americans are supposed to say," he thought as he re- entered the house to got his overcoat, and met Guinevere and Arthur coming out. Arthur looked his worst in festal garments. How Nevil avoided his proffered hand with politeness he could not afterwards remember, but he felt glad that he had d mean. " The want of confidence vote is postponed," said the stainless king ; "Government are trying to push the Sugar Duty Bill through, and I'm going back to the House now : we're talking against time." " What a fearful bore you must find it can't you send a dummy in your place ?" returned Nevil, who had felt bound to turn and walk with them down to the carriage. " Ah I but if they passed this bill I should lose a good deal, for I own some property that would deteriorate in value considerably." " In that case, my dear sir," said Nevil, as he put Mrs. Bloomington into the carriage and her husband dutifully settled the train of her dress, "don't come home again till you've tired them out," I expect we shall be at it all night," said the legislator, " Good night ;" and Guinevere put out her hand and pressed into Nevil's-her ball programme. Nevil inspected it after he had once more, and successfully, attempted to get his overcoat and leave. Then he tore it into minute fra ments, and proceeded on his way. In due time hungrier before a large house, standing by itself in a good garden, he passed up the Silent walk and hurled at the edge of the verandah. The house was in darkness. A woman was waiting for him : Queen Guinevere, still in her ball dress, her neck and arms gleaming white in the semi-darkness, "It's turning a little cold, he said as he stepped up beside her; had you not better put a shawl on!" For answer, she took his hand and put it against her cheek, which was burning hot. " You are the more likely to got chilled," he remarked in reply to this route response. Get me a shawl then," she said. "I threw mine down close by the window." Novel stepped to the open French light and picked up a soft woollen cloud that was visible by reason of its white color. He wrapped it round his companion, who nestled to his side and leant on his shoulder. "I'm tired of talk; I can't stand it much longer;" she said. "And I came to tell! you that this will, and must, and shall be our last meeting." " Why, what do you mean?" " That this is only weakness that will lead to nothing but bitterness in the end ; if end it can be called that I see looming in front : rather the beginning of fresh folly and trouble." " Are you afraid ?" she asked with a touch of scorn. "Yes, of lifelong remorse, of unavailing regret that the past had not been different." "Don't leave me," she pleaded ; take me away ; let us go back to South America you have been there as well as and there, as you know, we shall be safe and happy." He listened to her without answering ; sore thing he know, and that had made Dautun's eyes soften to her that night-was making him tient her more patiently and tenderly than ever. " Don't say this is to be our last meeting," she went on. " I can't lose you ! Do you know that I never liked or loved a single thing in my life before that when a gill I never had a friend or a pet ? That I grew up -as I often wondered to think without understanding what affection meant? Do you know that in South America, when I went there with my father to visit the silver mine that I ruined our fortunes, I saw my only brother drowned before my eyes, and never shed a single tear ? Fancy what I feel now that I have at last found out the meaning of the word love." "If you had to undergo torture as of old, what would you do ?" he said at length. "Bite my tongue through ere they not a groan or a cry for mercy from me." "Then will you allow loss courage at having to undergo the mental rack than you would if stretched on the physical one ?" She drew herself away from his arms, proudly and defiantly. He had touched the key-note of her nature. " Courage !" she repented, " Yes I you shall see what courage I possess. Only "-and she came close to him again and put her hands in his as she lifted her face" let me tell you : I know that you never really cared for me, but by a thread have I kept you by me so long. That thread is broken, and I know by whom. Don't start I I am not jealous of Clara Danteu, She has no idea how she wrings my heart when she wins yours from me. To-night, when I heard your step and knew you had come at my bidding, I thought I had won ; but now, now, I have done. Good-bye not for ever, for we shall meet again, and that is the worst of all. But good-bye to this and she clung to Nevil in one last passionate embrace. " We won't part," he whispered to her " I will do as you say. In some other country we can, and will rectify the mistakes of the past year, and be happy," "It is pleasant to think so," she replied, in a voice so sweet and tender that he scarcely recognised it " but my dream is over. I know that you would be mine in all outward show and affection ; but-in that only I am glad you have spoken as you did for in the future it will be well to think that I had it in my power-that in fact I won. Butland she freed her hands, and drew his face down to hers and kissed him almost solemnly-" in that winning I have lost. Goodbye again, and again." . ... The stars were paling in the sky as Never left the house. In the east was the first flush of the coming day. And there, too, still shining with unquenched Splendor, was the bright and beautiful morning star. Through the quiet streets lifeless and deserted, by the houses full of sleep- ing inmates, he passed, until he came to the restless river, that rolled on, on, ever passionless and indifferent, no matter what human tragedies fretted their poor hour on its banks on either band and there he watched, as often he had watched, the change that creeps over the face of nature as she wakes from the death sleep of darkness to the resurrection of light, .... " Why, Nevil," said Bob, as he met that gentleman desoeocb'ng the stairs, humming one of last night's waltzes, "if parties make you look d8 seedy as this, take my advice and don't go to any more." 1 Good advice, considering you dragged me there." " The great fault of you, Nevil, is that you try to do too much. Go and get a tub, and after breakfast you'll be as fit as I am." [TO BE. CONTINUED.] The young man from the city now goes hunt- ing in the woods and loses his way. In this dilemma he determines to trust to the instincts of his dog, and follows the sagacious animal at a mad pace though undergrowth and across gullies and finally brings up at a woodchuck's hole in the heart of the forest, and as much lost as ever. conjugal felicity, Says the Albany Argus, depends largely upon mutual confidence. " I make it a rule, said a wiseacre to his friend, " to tell my wife everything that happens. In that way we manage to avoid any misunderstanding." Not to be outdone in generosity the friend replied : " Well, sir, you are not as open and frank as I am, for I tell my wife a great many things that never happen." 