- THE -WHISPERED STORY. They told me that the house was haunted Nothing had been seen in the shape of an apparition by those who resided there ; there was no terrific disturbance, no bright, mysterious light, but there was a general belief that the house was haunted. The ghost was a well-behaved ghost, and modest. On inquiring of ons who had slept there, I learned that he had heard nothing except a confused murmur, a sound of low, indistinct speech, ae of some one trying to speak while suffering under aph my. It was a laborious whisper, of which a word now and then was audiole. I asked him what words, and he told me that two he remembered-—" falls" and " boat," but no others. The only thing remarkable about that was that others who had slept thero had heard the satne words. That gave me, I was sure, a key to the matter, and 1 smiled. I concluded the purchase of the house that very day. It was cheap enough. Nobody would live in it, and it was rotting through disuse. The owner, who needed ready cash, was glad t® get rid of his profitless property. The house itself was a comfortable mansion, that cose lO.OOOdol to build, and the ground rather more than three acres, and had been hand somely laid out in tress and shrubbery, though now overgrown with brambles. The architect assured me that ISOOiol. would put the house and grounds in order and add modern conveniences. So I bought it for 2000dol. down, and had the necessary repairs made, their cost overrunning the estimate nearly 200 iol. So that for 4000dol. I obtained a handsome and convenient dwell ing on the banks of a noble river, with the tiny demesne sloping to the south-we3t, having picturesque views on either hand, and in a good neighbourhood. The night before my family were to remove to it I took up my lodging in the house alone, having had a pallet laid down in the library. I suppose the stories I had heard, though I had laughed at them, mado their impression on ray mind. Such thiDgs always do, ia spite of reason. A vgue feeling of uneasi ness fills us in the presence of mystery even though our curiosity or our pride gets the better of our terror, and we probe the thing to the bottom, or try to. That may account for my restlessness, for I wa3 restless and wakeful. I had been busy all day in ar ranging furniture, and iu directing the men at work on the grounds, in the latter case handling the spade and mattock myself quite often, and was thoroughly tired. Yet I could not sleep. It was ten o'clock when I turned down the light so that it only gave a faint glimmer, and lay down. Eleven o'clock came, and twelve, and I still tossed on my couch with open eyes. When the echo of the last stroke of the bell of the church in the neighbouring town of B died away, I felt there was something or someone in the room. I sprang up, turned the light on full, and grasped the loaded revolver which lay on the library-table. There was do one there certainly that I could see, and the door was locked, and I laughed at my alarm. The next moment, as I threw myself iu the great arm-chair, I felt there was someone close to me. Juso then there was a low and laboured whisper at my right ear. The word's were distinct, though faintly uttered : "Let me tell you my story." I sprang up and looked around. Nothing there. It appeared to be imagination, and yet I felt terror. Was I a ako ? I was, undoubtedly. The whisper came again : "You must listen." I felt that to be true. The thin, icy, forced whisper held me by a spell. I could not have moved had A mies burst out around me. Body and mind seemed atricken with palsy. I could hear, but nothing more. Tiaan the whisper returned, and I can remember all that followed, word for word, and can write it out, again and again, without varying a word or letter. " It was three miles above the cataract. As I stood upon the river bank I could see, even at that point, with what swiftness the I Niagara was hurrying toward the fatal plunge. There was a skiff tied to a root on the bank, and as it afforded me a seat 1 stepped in aucl safe down in the stern-sheets. I Taere I played with my hands in the 3tream and listened to the distant, incessant roar of the boiling waters. As I sat there I thought of my young wife hundreds of miles away, whom I had left a few days before to attend to some business in Canada, aud whom I was to rejoin the next day, having taken this point on my way homeward. I sab there with my eyes half closed, and then, throwing myself backward, was lulled to sleep by the monotonous noise. How long I slept I do not know, but a piercing shriek, rising above the dull roar of the falls, awaSonsd me. I looked around. The boas had broken loos and I was far out in the stream and drifting rapidly toward the falls. I sprang up to seize the oars and pull to shore. There ware no oara in tho boat. " I glanced toward the shore. It seemed the bank was lined with men, women and children, who may have called to me, but I could hear nothing. My first impulse was to leap overboard, bub then I could not Bwim. "A man on the bank threw a laaso. I waited the corning of the loop, and reached my hand coward it, but it fell short. Ic was drawn in, and the man, running swiftly to a point further down, triad agtin. He apparently cast it with greater force, but it fell further off than before. I was being drawn nearer to the cautreoc the horsa-shoe. " Aud now there came the lethargy of despair. I sat there without hope and wittiout fear. My doom was inevitable. The motion of the boat grew faster and faster, the distant banks whirled past me, and then my spirit rose iu a kind of ecstasy. I gav8 a sharp glance around me and laughed. As the boat struck the edge of the abyss and rose for the final plunge, I caught sight of a dense mist ; I heard above the roar the rush of a thousand wings ; I felt as though struck with a numbing blow, and breath and consciousness left me together. " It seemed to be a dream, for when I recovered I was here in my own house. Yonder sat my wife, clad in black, her head buried in her hands. Yosl it seemed to be a dream, for though I tried to speak to her my lips made no sounds, and I heard nothing. I touched her, but she did not heed it. I looked around the room be wildered. " It was this library. There on a long table, which did nob belong here, lay some- thiug like a human form, covered by a sheet. Wnafc was it doing here ? Whose body lay- there? Anew aud more unspeakable terror seized me. I would like to have cried out. 1 could not. I was dumb. "My wite arose aud weui to the table. ' Now,' I said to myself, ' I shall know all.' She raised the cover from her head, and, stooping down, kissed the tace of the corpse. Could it be that my t'ather-iu-law, Colonel Bairnsleigh, had died while I was away ? I did not walk, but I was moved by some unseen power until I stood by my wife and over the dead body and looked down. I knew it all then. I recognised the cold, lifeless face. It was my own." Then the whisper ceased, and I fell in a deep sleep in the chair. It was daylight I when I awoke. I looked around. Had I I dreamed it all ? On the table was the fragment of a newspaper. Picking it up, my glance caught the name of a former owner of the house, and I read as follows : "Melancholy Casualty A terrible event occurred on Friday laso. Robert Grant, of this village, ou his return to Toronto, I where he had been on business, stopped at Niagara, Ha took a walk above the falis after breakfast. He must have got in a boat and lost or broken the oars — though it is said no oars were in the boat. He was seen afloat by a large crowd of people juat above the fall. Every attempt was made to rescue him, but unsuccessfully, and he was carried to his death. His body was recovered oa Sunday, aud is now on its way here. He leaves a widow." I had certainly never seen that paragraph before. I am quite sure of that. From I that time out there have been no noises in the house, except Buch 83 could be easily explained, and the whispered voioe never came again. Yet, if it were no dream, or no imaginary whisper, why should the ghost have told his story to ma, and way should he tell it at all. » 