COPELAND NORTH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, December 17. Times are slowly mending with us at last, and a, comparison of the present state of things with that of two months back reveals the fact that more claims are working and a greater number of men employed than only that short time ago. We have three local machines and one at the Bowman, the latter having just finished almost its first crushing of 150 tons, concerning which general satisfaction is reported on the result. Of the other three, Driscoll's — the Rainbow — is having a budan fixed, and other improvements have been lately taken in hand. The Right-hand, or Prince Edward, ma- chine, besides having a thorough overhaul some six weeks back, resulting in quite a new state of things on the branch generally, is now undergoing further alterations and additions, that will render it as good as any on the field. I may mention that the blankets have been repeatedly washed lately without having discovered a trace of silver in them. The drawback of the mud in the dam getting into the boiler will be remedied by a thorough clearance of the dam in question, so that in the yet hotter days to come the question of water supply may not come up again. It is, so far, fortunate that the clerk of the weather has condescended to fall in with these arrangements by turning on the tap very heavily to-day , and it is to be hoped the dam will be in order to receive, and store the precious fluid. The Left-hand, or Burley's machine, ranks Iast, and least. Absentee proprietors, and a penny wise and pound foolish system of doing matters, has made crushing an ordeal, that none but the tried and proved claims care or dare to submit to ; and, with a minimum charge of £1,0, it is nothing wonderful that anything like speculation on this branch is paralysed. With the present order of things there must be a change, and the sooner the better when ever it is. As I write I hear that the Prince Charlie intend crushing again, the Mountain Maid having suddenly determined to postpone crushing for another month or so. The Prince Charlie is anything-but a "young pretender it is not say- ing too much that the results of the last crushing were an agreeable surprise to nearly everyone, and for the future the owners are sanguine enough, and to tell the truth they have appearances with them. It is quite time that we found " balm in Gilead," as the Mechanics Branch had, formerly, comparatively little to say for themselves. There is a tremendous lot of dead work in the shape of tunnelling lately got through on this branch, of which we hope to see the results "in the sweet by-and-bye." On the Right- hand the Bengal Tiger claims are going on steadily, No. 2 having just got over its crushing. An account in the Mail erroneously places the reef at 2ft. wide— this it has never been ; it varies from 4½ to 18 inches wide, and the four "tributors" deserve credit for the labour they have bestowed on the claim. The manager of the machine (Captain Richards) is ready to crush for 12s 6d per ton for this claim, provided a sufficient quantity be got up regularly. May and party are going on just about the same, sinking deeper on the line of reef, the quality of the stone in no- wise deteriorating. Cripps and party have had a trouble with the water, but by this time they expect to be at work again. Their crushing of 2oz to the ton, although not so good as their neighbours, is still very satisfactory, and what is better, has every likelihood of being permanent. Close by is Kelly, Bailey and Murphy's claim, just having "struck ile," and not a moment too soon, considering the amount of capital already sunk in it. I telegraphed striking the quartz, and I am now happy to report that gold has been found as they have gone deeper, showing in many places. If the promise of a 4-foot reef can be fulfilled the shareholders will have nothing to grumble about in a twelvemonth's time. I notice that Christ- mas has already cast its glamour about the Barrington. On many of the claims on each Branch there are absentees enjoying the good things of the metropolis, notably the Exhibition. One or two claims hitherto working have stayed awhile till the festive season is over. That may, perhaps, explain why my letter is rather bare of news. On the Left-hand, the Hidden Treasure has just crushed for 4¾oz to the ton, considered by the shareholders as very satisfactory. It is, however, a nuisance that in a contemporary various "esti- mates," ranging from 6 to 15 oz, have appeared in connection with the news from this claim. If the estimable estimator could only know the esteem in which his estimates are placed, he might possibly discontinue them till he can make them within a shadow of the mark. As a minernlogi- cal Zadkiel he is a failure. The public are apt to be misled by sensational telegrams in connection with this place altogether, and when the results appear in due course the transparency of the "bunkum" is painfully mani- fest. Perhaps the fact that the reports in question come from a claim within a stone's-throw of the Hidden Treasure may partially account for this— and a rather imaginative temperament may supply the rest. Certain it is that I am only doing a duty to state that neither of the proprietors of the claim in question have had anything to do with the "estimates" I have mentioned. On the Mountnfti Maid line of reef, the No. 1 East is doing well, the stone brought up being in appearance as good as any produced lately, and a good result is confidently predicted for the crushing. At the Bowman Falls things are looking well. In the words of one of the best authorities that has visited the field— a disinte- rested one, remember — the two leading claims (the Bank and Mint Reefs) promise as much as any on the Barrington, and there is every reason to sup- pose that they will take their places as first rate reefs when the advent of another machine will bring out the capabilities of this undoubtedly rich district. I believe the estimators have been at work here again valuing the reefs at something under a million ; but we are beginning to take such statements cum grano salis, and are con- tent to wait for the future till our chickens are hatched. There is every reason to suppose that the hatching will progress with greater force than ever after Christmas. It is almost a pity that the distance from Copeland should preclude more than an occasional visit ; the same remark applies to the Cobark, which is still further away, and on which several good reefs have been unearthed, and where we badly want a machine. Cannot some of our Sydney machine speculators take pity on us, and give us a look round in the neighbourhood of the Cobark? There is plenty of water, plenty of quartz, and the battery is the only one thing needful. As I see you have notified the receipt of a letter questioning the correctness of my telegram of a fortnight since, re the Mountain Maid stoppage, and also as there has been some little comment on the fact both in and out of the Press, I should fail in my duty as a correspondent were I to omit to send particulars of this event in extenso, espe- cially at a time when I am more in a position to corroborate the telegram in question. Last Satur- day fortnight the men working in the mine, 12 in number, received a most unexpected intimation that their services would not be required till further notice, and a written proclamation to that effect was posted close to the pay-office. The car- penters and blacksmiths on the whim, four in number were kept on, and also a couple of men for carting the quartz to Driscoll's machine, where notice had been given of an intended crush- ing. No cause of any sort was assigned, and it was currently reported in the township the same evening that the stoppage might last till Christmas. Not wishing to emu- late the estimating propensities of our con- temporary, I merely telegraphed the fact down, as soon as I had satisfied myself as to the truth, beyond any question. It would have been a hard thing for the gentleman who questioned the tele- gram to have to account for the fact that either several of the Mountain Maid men or their ghosts were seen on the following Monday morning, in the neighbourhood of the Centennial, seeking employment ; and it is stated that the manage- ment did not know after dinner-time on Monday when work would be resumed — when I say work I do not allude to the car- penters or blacksmiths, but to bona fide miners' work — but by tea-time a messenger was sent round summoning all the men to work as heretofore ; and on Tuesday morning the same I2 men went on again that were discharged on the previous Saturday. Our rather weakly contem- porary states that 15 or 16 more men were put on "this grand claim," and assigns the cause to non- completion of the poppet-heads! Now, is it pos- sible, or even probable, that in one day everything could be put straight with the aforesaid heads, or that they could affect the work at the bottom of the shaft? As a matter of fact, the carpenters and blacksmiths did not finish their work till nearly the end of the week ; and the buckets, respecting which the cause of the stoppage was also assigned to, did not arrive till the Saturday following the men's discharge. Now, I have hitherto stated plain facts without comment, but as I am aware that the telegram, although perfectly true in every way, was excessively distasteful to gentlemen of the "estimating" class, who believe in reporting nothing but honey and rosewater intelligence, I must add a word or two. On the mine in ques- tion there has almost been a quantum suff, of such intelligence, and it is nearly time that facts are told about it. They can do the mine no harm, if its affairs are genuine and aboveboard, and it is necessary in the interests of the field generally, and of the Press in particular, that the attempts lately made; both here and in Sydney, to prevent and stifle independent and disinterested criticism should meet with a sure and sudden rebuke. Matters have not improved since Captain Reynolds was summarily discharged, some two months or more ago, in much the same style as the men were dismissed on Saturday. It was gen- erally felt, as much by the miners themselves as by the general opinion of Copeland, that a great blunder had been committed, and the services of a man who best understood the mine were dis- pensed for those of a stranger. A memorial, full of good wishes and kindly sentiments, together with a purse of money, was presented to Captain Reynolds soon after his retirement. There has not only been no crushing since that time, but the present one has been unaccountably deferred. We must judge of things not by estimates, but by results, and when the machine has passed its verdict on the stone, and not till then, shall we see whether or not the change in the management has been for the better. Of the men I must say a word. A finer and more skilled class of miners will not be found in Australia, and, if properly directed, will produce whatever gold there is in the claim ; and we all believe that there in a great deal left, notwithstanding the enormous quantity already taken out; but from recent occurrences there would seem to have been a something wrong somewhere. Perhaps Messrs. Gill and Irwin, after favouring us with an "angel visit," may have set the matter right, but it is not feasible to imagine that two such distinguished gen- tlemen would have come up so suddenly to merely supervise the fixing of the poppet-heads. However, I am bound to state that the Maid has behaved herself all right since, and it is sincerely hoped that such a contretemps will not be repeated again. I had almost forgotten the Lady Belmore, whose directors held a meeting on Saturday week last, at which the secretary, B. Benjamin, Esq., sub- mitted the balance-sheet and report, unanimously expressed to be very satisfactory. May they live long and prosper. The sports programme for Christmas is issued, of which I will report in my next. Till then, adieu. 