A few months ngo the South Australian Government,- — which has -150 miles of railway open for traffic, and many more in course of construction — anxious to know whether the work which had been done had been as cfteap anu as excellent as mignt ue f j.iso, wnciner the railways were as well managed and as re productive as ability and experience would permit, called on Mr. Thomas Higinbothnm, G.E., to report upon them ; and his report,, which is dated September 18, was published on the 25th. Mr. Higinbothnm, who en joys a splendid reputation, had been a victim of the Victorian Black "Wednesday. He had condemned Mr. Woods, the present Minister for lfnilways, for tarring some pipes to con ceal their ' defects ; and the lion, gentle-' man has since boasted that lie had the satisfaction of taking his revenge. Mr. Higinbotham's instructions from the South Australian Government were to " inspect and " report upon the lines of railway lately com- "pleted, and those iii course of construc- " tion also, to " look into the cost ofinain- " tennnce and general management of the " Government Railways, with a view of ascer taining whether you could suggest any " means .of making them more reproductive " than they are at present." It is not to be concluded that the South Australian Go vernment was in any way dissatisfied with its own able Engineer-in-Chief, Mr. Mais, nor with its Traffic-Superintendent ; it was only- taking what was considered to be a wise method of insurance. Nor is it here con tended that Mr. Higinbotham's report could have any comparative value in this colony, unless due consideration could be given to- all the circumstances of the case, which ..few of us are in a position to give. South Australian rail ways are constructed under very different circumstances , to those in this colony. Mr. Higinbothnm savs the former have cost on an average £0105 per mile, including rolling stock. Even this, we may explain, scarcely shows the true state of the case. The Port and Adelaide line was built by day work, in the early part of the colony's history, and cost a frightful sum of money. The present average is a little over £3000 per mile. In New South Wales the average cost has been £10,570 per mile. The difference seems enormous, and the more so when it is considered that South_ Australia gets live miles of railway for the same price that we get one. But, then, Mr. Higinbo thnm points out a slavish regard to first cost is not necessarily1 true economy. In South Australia the construction was found to be thoroughly sound and good, and economy had been most carefully studied ; but the defects that had to be noted arose from a desire to keep down the first cost. There were steep gradients, very sharp curves ; and the mistake had been made of using -10lb iron rails instead of 501b steel ones. What dragging traffic over steep gradients moans any one may conceive ; it is clear that the tractive power of an engine that has to make heavy curves is reduced, and more trains must- be run ; and there can hardly he a question that a 50 lb. steel rail will last much longer than a 40 lb. iron one. When Mr. Higin bothnm arrived at the point, whether the rail ways could lie made more reproductive, he had to point to many; little facts that the public too often overlooks. The railways constructed had been charged with the interest of the money being expended in constructing others ; when several connections being effected should be completed there would be an increase of traffic, and the cost of working the additional miles of railway would not be much greater ; and there were the Parlia mentary lines of railway, which members had had sufficient influence to cause the con struction of, although there was not the ghost of a chance that they would be reproductive for at least many years to come, if ever. There was also in South Australia the heavy cost of coal to be con sidered. Mr. Higinbothnm recommends that for the fiouth Australian light lines the Ameri can type of engine, made by a first-class Ameri can firm, would bo found most economical. He summed up his opinion : — " The cheapness " with which the lines of railway linvc been con- " structed is a most important element in their " favour ; and I cannot see any reason to doubt " that, if unprofitable extensions of thepresent " system are not undertaken, the railways of " South Australia will within a few years be " entirely self- supporting. That they are suc- " cessful, in the great benefits they have con- ' lorred on the country and a.s engineering " works,, is beyond question." "What was virtually the great Coal Ring of Australia has been broken up, primarily in consequence of the sagacious and firm action of Mr. Morehead, of the old Lambton mine, and of the Messrs. Bibbs, of the new ; but there were other circumstances in operation that contributed to its collapse. The Govern ment lent very important assistance, by a prompt despatch of the military to quell peremptorily any disturbance that might take place. But the miners themselves, who wished to uphold the agreement and the Vend scheme — which permitted them to labour four working days per week, and eat the bread of idleness .during the two others — also contributed thpir quota. They ought to have known that the ground beneath their feet re turned a very hollow sound, and have been proportionately guarded against taking uny step which should tend to bring things to a crisis, in which nearly every one in the colony would be against them. But they acted under a sense of false security, forgetting that every one who burned coal would have to pay for their laziness, and only waited an oppor tunity to give force to his ideas respecting the extortion practised. The rise and fall of the ring supplies a very apt illustration of the old and oft-quoted saying that — " Though " the mills of the Gods grind slowly, they grind " extremely surely." There was the agreement whereby the Associated Masters bound them selves not to sell coal at less than 14s. per ton, and to pay the men a certain price for hewing. Certainly there was a slidingrsc'ale clause, but it had been merely inserted to save appear ances. It neither, came into operation nor was it intended to do so. Under this agree ment certain colliery proprietors, who could supply the best coal in the market, found f.lmmtiol mirtlilo frt iifisli f.limr fritilrv But then they held to the agreement, whereas other proprietors, who had acquired their trade, though not supplying so good an article, did not. There was plain evidence of underselling, although the trick could not be sheeted home. The fact was, certain proprietors who had conspired to fleece the public also fleeced their associates. To provide against this, the Vend scheme was established. No doubt the same people who- had taken tho benefit of the agree ment thought they could also work the Vend' oracle; Some one did, for the .oldest and richest colliery in tho district, supplying tho very best article, lost its trade. Ob viously, in order to give the Vend a chance, it was necessary tothave the co-operation of the miners, which, -of course, was easily obtained. Also obviously, in order to keep the King entire, the Vend must be limited to tho Non- associated Masters. For the Associated Mas ters to fix a Vend for tho outsiders would have been easy ; but, then, citi bmiu ? The miners must do it, and they were ' in spired to sit in high conclave, 'and fix how much coal Mr. Morehead and tho Messrs. Bibbs might sell. Mr. Morehead acted promptly. Ho told his men that if they would stick to him, and put out as much coal as lie could , sell, he would pay even higher wages than lie. had done. The conse quence was that, for a timo, the Asso ciated Masters saw hiin taking their trade, and the ' Associated Miners saw their brethren at Lambton makihg. three I times flic wages they could. "Was it likely such a state of things could last? The agree ment and the Vend were in constant danger of falling to pieces from their own inherent rottenness, from their infringement of the general laws of trade, and from the spirit of dishonesty which they generated. But if the Government had not supported the masters in their right to do their own business in their own way, it might have dragged nloim for a time." Nominally the Vend scheme is binding until Christmas. Practically it will be broken' every day by parties to it. As long as the Government will protect men who may come from the mining districts or South Australia, there is no use in keeping up -what has become an empty and unprofit able farce. Hails containing letters, packets, and news papers will be made tip at the General I'ost-ofHce, Sydney, and forwarded per Avoea, str., to Jfol- bourne for despatch to Great Britain ' and Europe, via Suez, this day (Wednesday). Mails will close as follows: — Kegistered letters, at 10.30 a.m. ; un registered letters, at U a.m. ; newspapers and packets, at 11 a.m. T.atc letters for the United Kingdom, via Brindisi only, will be received at the General Post-office up to 12 noon. I.ate fees, (id. The captain and officers of H.I.M.S. Bismarck were entertained yesterday at luncheon, in the Town Hall, by the Mayor of Sydney. The visit of Captain Deinhardt and liis officers was in return for one paid by the Mayor and aldermen of the city to the Bismarck, and the proceedings were characterised by an informality which rendered them nil the more enjoyable. It was a pleasant conversational party, though, as a matter of course, the healths of- the visitors were proposed by the' Mayor, and responded to. In doing the hitter, Captain Deinhardt expressed a hope that he would be able to return to Sydney before the "Exhibition closed. .. The mails received via San Francisco, per It.M.S. Australia, yesterday, consisted of lot bags and packets, exclusive of 7(! sealed mails for other colonies : — From Honolulu there were lot) letters from San Francisco, 215(1 letters and- (1715 news papers;, from other parts of America, 41 letters and 11 newspapers ; From London, 20,70(1 letters, 3017 books, 15,015 newspapers ; from New Zealand) 05!) letters, -IS books. 813 newspapers: makiii" a total of 24,021 letters, 30115 books, 22,582 news papers. Joseph William Hutchinssh, 'late soerclary of the AuAralian Club, (Sydney, was brought before the magistrates at the Water Police Court vester- day, on a charge of embezzling the sum of"£55s the property of Sir "William Montagu Mannim' and others, as trustees of .the Australian Club. Prisoner, who is well known in the city, was arrested by Detective Lyons at the Bcdforn ter minus on Monday night, just as he was about to leave by the train for Wagga. Wngga. When tho detective arrested him he replied, "All rHit." and handed Lyons his railway ticket, for which the ticket clerk subsequently refunded 412 18s (id. When the prisoner was searched there was onlv £ 2 l!)s 9Id found upon him. Oil the application of Detective Lyons, the ease was remanded for seven days. Bail was allowed, himself in £l>uo ami two sureties of £100 each. The ilag which lias hitherto been hoisted on the General Post Office to show when the mails re ceived by the routes via San Francisco, Suez, and Torres Straits are ready for distribution to the public, is a white one bearing simply the letter " D." As it was doubtful to the public bv what route the mails were ready, the Post Office depart ment has had three Hags made, which bear, in ad dition to the letter " D," the distinguishing Ilag of the route, (and these lings, wo learn, will lor the future lie used in place of the previous one. The magistrates of Sydney are evidently deter mined to put down the dastardly offence of stone- throwing, which is alike dangerous to life and property. In the Central Police Court yesterday there were two cases of peculiar atrocity, which, it is pleasing to add, were dealt with in the most, exemplary manner. The evidence disclosed tho facts that two young men, named .John Davison and James Thomas respectively, indulged yester day . morning', between 1 " and 2 o'clock, in tlic vicious amusement of throwing stones at everything, animate and inanimate. They smashed a pane of glass at Cohen's Inn, in George-street, of the value of £5, and also a lamp at M'Mnstcrs' Inn, The Swan with Two Necks. Kinilhtfr thninsnlvna rdisnrvrwl ftv n named Brix, they courageously stoned him, which act lie -properly resented by seeking a constable ami depriving them of the power of doing further mischief. The defendant Davison was ordered to pay £5, tlic value of the properly he bad des troyed, or go to gaol for a month ; ami Thomas was fined IDs, with the alternative of 14 dnvs in gaol for throwing stones at the witness Brix) and ordered to pay 7s, the value of the lam), or re main in gaol for another fortnight. These sen tences should do something towards alhiyiii" a growing evil in the city. A very pleasant gathering took place last week on board the Bhin. At the invitation of Captain Matliieu, the officers in command of (he various war ships in the harbour met at dinner on board the lthin. Amongst those present were Commo dore Wilson and Captain Bridges," of the Wolverene ; the captain and first officer of the Austrian war ship Heligoland : the captain and lirst officer of the German war ship Bismarck ; the commander of the French gun boat Beantemps Meaupre, the Consul of France, Mr. Cave, .second in command on the Bhin, and M. Sundry, one of tho French commissioners for the Sydney Exhibition. Captain Mnlhiou, in a few well-chosen words, pro posed the health of tho various sovereigns repre sented by the navy in Port Jackson, Commodore ' Wilson, in acknowledging the toast on behalf of her Majesty, spoke of the fraterililv existing be tween the sailors of the different countries, and referred in warm terms to the French admirals. He concluded by expressing his wishes for the prosperity of the French uavj-. The representa tives of the other powers responded in suitable terms, and a very enjoyable afternoon was brought to a satisfactory close. The Unfortunate woman Jane Lacy, tho victim to her Chinese husband's jealousy, is still laying in a dangerous state at the Sydney "infirmary, and the bearing of the charge of attempt to murder pre ferred against Moy Sucy was again postponed, at the Water Police Court yesterday, for a further period of seven days. The prisoner seemed xir- fectly cool and unconcerned, imd did nor appela te bo at all effected by bis incarceration. lvato Miggins, n young married woman 20 years of ago, was brought before tho bench of magis trates at the Water Police Court yesterday, she being deemed to lie insane. The poor creature bad lately lost her child, and when attending the fpneral of a licigliliout- she suddenly -became most violent, and hail since, on several occasions, at- IL1I1 jjbbtl tv tiuotltij llljl Ill ( I' llbill lj( y o (ti tnw station yesterday morning, her condition was most pitiful, tlic noise made by her resembling the barking of a dog. The bench remanded her to Gladcsvillc for medical treatment. At, the Water Police Court yesterday a young Svoman named Annie Lambert was brought up unller a writ of habeas corpus on a charge of stealing tlic sum of'dH lis, a gold watch, chain, and' locket, and a quantity of wearing apparel the property of Mr. James Frost. Prisoner is at present a conduce in Dnvlinghursfc gaol, scrriug a sentence of nine mouths for stealing. Some time back she was met on the Bnlmain steamer by a newly married couplo who were proceeding home. Prisoner was crying bitterly, and poured a piteous talc into the sympathetic cam of her listener. She was the victim of a brutal stepfather, and had determined not to return home any more, and was consequently houseless ami destitute. The result was that she was taken by tliem to their house, clothed and fed, and for u few days received every attention, until one after noon tlic young wife went out, leaving prisoner in charge of the house mid, what was still more im portant, the baby. Upon her return a few hours .aftenvardsshe board tbeinfant shrieking lustily, and found the house deserted by prisoner, who had taken wifh her all the lady's jewellery, » quantity of wearing apparel, uijd a sum of money out of the work- box. Information was given to the police, but nothing further was beard of the ungrateful creature till some after, when she got into the clutches of the law at Maitlund, and upon her being searched in the Maitlnndgaol the jewellery was found upon her. She was committed to take her trial atthc Court of 'Quarter Sessions to ha held on the 3rd November next. "When those .who rent cabs find themselves un able, through want of employment, to pay at once the rental of their vehicles, it would, judging by a ease initiated in tho Central Police Court yester day, he as well for them to ascertain in v/hnl temper their lessor is before detailing to him their impecuniosilv. The e.r/iartc case of Benjamin Bushcll was tliat lie rented a night cab from William Charles ami, on returning it last Sunday morning, at about 8' o'clock, explained that, through 'non-employment, he could not pay the rental until the following week ; whereupon the defendant, using some terrible threats, knocked itim down, and struck him violently with an iron bar, inflicting a serious wound under one of com plainant's eves. Mr. T. Hastie, physician at the Sydney Infirmary, gave evidence as to the nature of the' wound, which, he said, while being severe, was not immediately dangerous. The defendant was, upon his own application, remanded until 'Tuesday next, bail being allowed — himself in £40, with two sureties of £20. . In the case of Honorah Sullivan, at the Quarter Sessions yesterday, his Honour. Mr. District Court judge Wilkinson" commented strongly upon the practice of magistrates sending, cases for trial ' which could bo "well disposed of f>v themselves summarily, thus putting the Crown to unnecessary expense, and occupying the time of tlie court, tlie jurors and witnesses. The prisoner had been accused of stealing a purse and 8.0s, the property of a neighbour, Mary Ann Jiahcr, in June last, and all this time she had been awaiting her trial. The case was a very simple one, and could have been, as his Honour "remarked, readily disposed of at the Police Court hearing. An ex-member of the police force, named I-Ieii- rich Petersen, still retains .such an ardent love for his old profession that lie cannot prevent himself Erom now and again giving the oncc-fnniilinr tap on the shoulder, and attempting to convey those upon whom his fancy alights to durance vile. Strange to say, unoffending citizens object to receive his attentions, and the result of a late pro ceeding on his part led to JH. .Petersen's appear ance at the Water Police Court yesterday, where a jlr. Jones gave evidence that his liberty had been interfered with mid money attempted to te ex torted from him by the prisoner, who claimed to be a detective. One possessing a little more authority, in the shape of detective Lyons, turned .the tables, and arrested the fellow on the charge of impersonation. It was shown that two years since he hud been a member of the police force, since when he bad been convicted of obtaiuing goods under false pretences. The tench showed their appreciation of the prisoner's conduct br fining him £10, with the alternative of two months' imprisonment. At the Central Police Court yesterday, John Bolton and Emily Marshall, both alias Windsor, and Thomas l'apoluri, all on remand, charged witli breaking into the dwelling-house of T. C. Blunt, andstealing one silk dress, value £8, and 18s in silver : and also with breaking into the house of Henry Ralph, and stealing Ills Gd in silver, were .again remanded, in consequence of the absence of jlr. Smart, tlie magistrate seised with the case, tail being allowed as before. The annual picnic of the St. Andrew's Presby terian Sabbath-school took place yesterday, in the Gem, to Chowder Bay, accompanied by the minister of the church, the Rev. Jloore Whyte, and about HIU visitors, all of whom, with "the children, who numbered' about 2U0, enjoyed them selves to their heart's content, everything calcu lated to render the day enjoyable having been provided. The last of the excursionists arrived at the Circular Quay at (i o'clock in the evening, well pleased with the pleasures of the day. Two well- known offenders of the light-lingered class received a severe but well-merited punish ment at the Court of Quarter Sessions yesterday. Their names were Jtichnel Quinn and James Whclnn, and thov were charged with stealing a pair of boots and a coat from the person of a man named Lloyd. It appeared tliat prisoners were observed by a young man named Smith to go tip to Lloyd, who was very drunk in Sussex-street, throw him down, search his pockets, and finally take off his boots. .Smith procured a policeman, and when they went to where Lloyd was lying tliey found him minus his coat also. Both boots and coat were found in Quiim's possession upon his arrest a few minutes afterwards. Quinn yes terday p!eadod_ guilty to the charge, and Wlielan was convicted. Against the latter there was an astounding array of no fewer than 88 convictions during the past eight, years, while Quimi had also served a number of sentences. His Honour sen tenced eaeli prisoner to live years' hard labour on the roads, and endorsed the jury's conimcmlntion of Smith's uetioii in bringing the offenders to justice. The following casualties were attended to at the Infirmary yesterday : — JIatiida Brown, large lacerated wound of eyebrow, caused by falling down a tlight of steps while drunk : " William Carroll, injury to back, caused by a fall: Joseph Dickson, cut hand, caused by knife while peeling an orange : 1'ulcr Poole, injury to head, ribs, and thigh, received through falling down a quarry at Printout ; Joseph It. Cook, contusion of back, no U«lUaV .IliAVH . -1111111 18J.UUI IIHI1U, UVCUMUliCU Ojf a chisel ; John Alexander, scalp wound, caused bv . n piece of timber falling upon him frombuild- iug'at Ualmain. It is satisfactory to learn that the prospects of Hawkins Hill turning a permanent aud prosperous mining district are improving every- day. On Thursday last Jlr. Alfred Fairfax received a tele gram from i lie Star of Peace mine, stating that a nice box of specimens had been picked out of the reef.at the 77(1 feet level. On the following day -advices from the mine slated that the gold con tinued to go down in the reef, and that it appeared as rich as on tlie previous day. On Saturday 184 oz. of specimens, estimated to contain 35oz"of gold, were lodged in the bank, and will te forwarded to Sydney for exhibition at the Garden Palace. On Monday, 8i)7oz'of additional specimens, estimated to contain 80oz of gold, were lodged in the bunk, and there are wholesome indications of abundance oE the same rich stone. In addition to the -above, a cradling was finished on Saturday, from which a yield of 171oz was obtained. Nearly the whole of the gold was obtained for about- 11) tons of stone, the remainder of the crushing being poor. The depth at which the stone w;fs obtained is a .significant and satisfactory feature, . for it proves the existence of payable gold in the lower makes of quartz; We may now look not only for a continuance, but a substantial increase in tlie yield of gold, as the prosperity of one mine must inevitably attract capital for' the -development of others. On next Friday night that very deserving body, tUo City Fire Brigade, will take 'a benefit" at the Victoria Theatre ; aiul, on tlie following night, Jlr. :Sam. Emery, altera long rest, will make his re appearance at the same place of amusement. On both occasions there will probably be a large attendance. By the San Francisco mail steamer Australia, which arrived this morning, several additions were made to the already long list of talented musicians sojourning in the colonies. Jlndnme Camilla Urso. Miss Jennie Sargent, and Jlr. Angaste Sauret. ao companied by I lore Benno Seliei-ek, musical director, and Jlr. Frederick Kiicr. manager of Jladame Urso's concerts, were among the passon- -gcrs, and tliey proceed to Melbourne iii a few days to give a series of classical concerts, after which the company purpose returning to Sydney to pre sent a series of similar concerts. It 'is stated that Jladame Urso is uot u talented violinist, hut a violinist of no mean order, ntul that the artistes accompanying her have established reputations of a high character. The regular monthly meeting of the New SoiTth Wales Zoological Society was held at the society's rooms on Jt.onday afternoon, when tlie monthly report read indicated that its operations were progressing in a most favourable manner. A num ber of song birds bail teen distributed among members, and set loose in various suitable parts of .the colony, and some pheasants from Auckland had also been released near n suitable habitat. The honorary treasurer has placed a sum of £800 of the society's funds at interest, and more than half that amount is to the credit of tlie general account at the Bank of Australasia, Occasion was taken of the meeting to present to JL\ Walter Hrndly a handsome gold pendant for the watclicliain, si'ib- scribed for by the officials of the society, and tearing a suitable inscription, referring in eulogis tic terms to that gentleman's services as the founder of the society. The sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions -were continued at Darlinghurst vesterday. before Mr. District Court Judge Wilkinson, Jlr,' K. Lee acting as crown prosecutor. Iii the case of tamuel Israel, charged with stealing jewellery, his Honour directed an acquittal after one or two wit nesses hail been examined, and prisoner was accordingly discharged. William Glceson, who was awaiting sentence upon another charge, pleaded guilty to stealing a horse, van, and harness, and was remanded for sen tence. Thomas Irvine was found guilty of stealing front a dwelling-house, and was senteiitc l to 1 8 months' in Darliilghurst gaol. Honorah .SuRivun was convicted of having stolen a purse and 80s in -money, and was sentenced to three months' hard labour in Dnrlingluirst thiol. His Honour afterwards, at the recommendation of the jury, reduced the reutcfico to two months. James AVhclnn mid Jlichncl Quinn were charged with stealing n pair of boots and a coat, from tlie person of a drunken man, and, the latter pleading guilty, the hearing resulted in the former's convic tion. I'risoncrs were sentenced to five years' hard labour on the roads. George Harrington was acquitted upon a charge of unlawfully and mali ciously wounding his wife. Ellen Harrington, by throwing a cup at her. William Henry Smithcrs, charged with stealing a watch and chain, was found not guijty and discharged. A list of the cases to be heard to-day will te found appended to tlie report in chief. ' Whenever any great attraction, such as the pre 'sent Exhibition is, causes an influx of young and old men " from the country" to the metropolis, a peculiar offence, that of "stealing from the per son," is sure to assume an unusual prominence in the police courts. The old proverb, " more money than wit," is invariably the text Of the proceedings, and a ea.-c in point at the Central Police Court yesterday afforded a good illustration of the truth of the adage. A labourer named James Conway, on a visit from Wngga Waggn, after taking so many drinks that he could not swear to a dozen or so fell into company with two .females, indulged in more drink with them, and found himself bereft of his senses, and a purse containing £G. lie caused a young woman, named JIary JFCarthy, to bo arrested, and swore posi tively to her identity, but his evidence was very hazy, especially regarding her dress. Some money was found upon the prisoner, but. it. did not cor respond with that stolen, excepting that the defendant swore positively to a Chinese coin, of which he admitted there might te thousands similar. Tlie prisoner produced three witnesses who gave apparently elcur evidence proving an nlibi ; but the magistrates, Jlessrs. Noal and Harden, disagreed, and tbe latter magistrate, upon bis own responsibility, committed tbe prisoner for trial at the next Quarter .Sessions, fixing the hail, on the application p £ Jlr. Carroll, the prisoner in £20, with two sureties of £10 each. JVith regard to a statement made by a "Law yer's Clerk" in a recent issue, charging the oiiieials of the Equity and Insolvency departments with unpnnetuality, it has been found, upon enquiry, that such is not the case. Both ollices arc in variably open, and the clerks at their posts, at tlie time fixed by the rales of the court. The issue oL that deservedly popular magazine the Australian for the current month has been unavoidably delayed. The October number will te published on the 3rd instant. A social soiree or tea meeting was held, in the School Hull of the Congregational Church, l'otcr- sham, last night, to celebrate tlie opening of their new and handsome church. Tea was laid in a veir enticing and complete manner, and a large liumber of ladies aud gentlemen sat down to the wcll-lillcd tables, and did every justice to their contents. After tea 1111 adjournment was made to the new church, where a public meeting was held, at which Jtr. F. II. Fairfax presided. " The building was tilled with a large and attentive audience, who were addressed by a number of gentlemen 011 church matters generally. During the evening some very excellent selections of sacred music were rendered by the choir; A vote of thanks to the chairman and the benediction brought a very pleasant evening to a close. In the course of the introductory remarks to bis " Jletcmpsychosis " last night, lTofc.-sor Pepper referred to the great success of his far-famed "ghost illusion" at the Polytechnic, London, ami stated that several attempts had teen made to levy " black mail " upon him bv persons who professed to have discovered the secret of the illusion. The latter remarks were made in a tone of bitterness quite unnatural to the genial lecturer, as those who are acquainted with him will ad mit. But it would appear tliat there was ample reason for the feeling displayed by the worthy professor, who has discovered that would-be " black mailers" arc not confined to the old country. Yestorday afternoon, a gentleman (?) waited upon .Jlr. Pepper nt his hotel, and having 'introduced himself, stated that, having penetrated the mys teries of the new production he required a sum of £100 to be paid to him, or lie would bring out a second " Jletempsycliosis " in opposition to that of tlie l'rofcs-siir. The Professor calmly informed the intruder that hu was perfectly at liberty to do so if he chose, merely reminding him that the in vention bad already been secured by patent in England. At the magisterial inquiry held to inquire into the circumstances connected witfi the deatli of Jtr. John Simpson Gordon, who was drowned 011 last Sunday morning in George's River, the finding of the magistrate (Jtr. JV. 'i'. Finhey, J.I'.) was that the deceased was accidentally drowned. The evi dence given at the inquiry was quite in accordance with the facts already published by lis. Some important addiiions and alterations have teen made to the formerly old-fashioned Royal Exchange Hotel, corner of King and George streets. I11 tlic first place, tlie old graveyard gates that were hung at the King-street entrance have teen done away with, and handsome wooden gates of a gotliie character have been substituted. Two very handsome porticos to the gentlemen's dining- room, and a covered entrance to the Indies' ordi nary have been provided. The approaches to these apartments were formerly exposed to rain and sun. The new tar and fittings, with tlie ex tensive system of advertising 011 glass, are most attractive. Jlr. Perkins, the owner, of the hotel, comes lately from Auckland, New Zealand, with an excellent aud well- earned repu tation for tlie conduct, of his premises. _ 1 1 is house there, the Occidental, was raised by him into one of the institutions of the place, which citizens and strangers alike visited ; and if energy and perse verance can procure for him and his "hotel here a .similar position they are not likely to te wanting 011 his part. Last evening the following gentlemen were elected as a selection committee to choose the team to represent this colony in the next inter colonial cricket match : — Messrs. Gibson, O. Bannernian, anil V. Muriloek. The latter gentle man was also elected to represent the New South Wales Association, to act with one appointed by the Victorian body, and they, together with a referee, will decide upon those players who are to compose the proposed Australian eleven. The burlesque of " Lalla Rookli " was repeated at the Theatre Royal Inst night. The actors are now thoroughly well up ill their parts, and the performance goes without a hitch. Jladame Seasi's singing is a great feature, and Jlr. South sings a capital local song, tho hits of which are eagerly taken up, and vociferously applauded. Jliss Alice Doerwyn and Jlr. Douglas make Iliu little farce of "The Day After the Wedding," which precedes the burlesque, very entertaining. Jlr. Walter Cooper's colonial drama " Foiled " was repeated last night, at the Victoria Theatre. This play abounds with sensational incidents, and as a picture of eoldnial life it is singularly true. Jlr. Clint lias painted some now scenery for tlie piece, one of which, showing a wool-shod with tlie home station in the distance, must strike anyone who has travelled in the bust; as being very real istic. The new drama " The Cut Glove," now being played at the Queen's Theatre, is engaging a large share of popularity ; the plot is very interesting, and is worked out with considerable ability. Jlessrs. Baker and Farron sing, some new songs, which' tend, to make the piece "additionally attrac tive. Tlie "Modern Jletempsycliosis" oE Professor VfitH »I»1V lit. fll«» Sf»lwinl of A I'lu 5t nviMitnlli; t.. one of tlio greatest .successes that lias been seen here for many years, and last night the various illusions evoked the wonder and admiration of tlie nndicnce. Jliss Octavia Lane, of Melbourne, who plays a part in tlic wonderful transformation, sings a charming little ballad during tho evening. Her voice is a pleasing contralto, and alio uses it to advantage. Owing to tlie non- arrival of tlie s.s. Wakntipu, Jlessrs. Cook and Kilkenny's Exhibition billiard match, nt the Jfnsouie Hall, bad again to be post poned last night. The recent heavy weather on the Now Zealand coast is accountable for tlie vessel's detention, for Hie li.JL.S. Australia, which arrived yesterday morning, was exposed to heavy south-west gales, and during one of them she could only make 30 miles in as many hours. The Froliques entertainment, at tlie Guild Hall, last evening was ns successful as heretofore, tlie new programme being well received. The Vaidis continue to te a leading attraction, and the company has lost none of its freshness. The daring feats of horsemanship, ami tlie comi calities of the clowns make Hie performance at Burton's circus a most enjoyable one. A capital night's amusement is provided at tlie English eirous, and tlie public by their 'patronage continue to show how it is appreciated. The new quarter for the various classes in con nection with tlie Sydney School of Arts coift.uencml on .Saturday last. Notices to students appear in another column.. '('lie quarterly meeting Of the JLustcr Butchers' Association will beheld, in the Temperance Hall, this evening. 