ZBB AT colx- ,1'. J-"- 'aAjanKt : : Yesterday afternoon one of the largest and most inflnential gatherings ever held in Cole-.; raine, took dIoob Jua oonoeodonwitb tbe rail-! way movement. "The huge room at Dram-- mond's hotel was completely filled, and the! attendance overflowed into-rtbe Bent-weiM- dah and back passages. The chair waa oc-1 enpiedby Mr. Tnrnbull, the President of the-; Shire Council, and there were present Mr.j Sergeant, M.L.A., Mr. Tytherleigh, M.L.A., . ana- delegates reprreenbjig the Jpoal leagues; formed at T array oukya'n ,-N art- eu, Chetwynd, , andjHarrojr. jAn olqgy w tendered on behalf of the Hon. .Thos. Bromell, M.L.C,, who regretted his inability to attend In con- . sequeooe.of illness, J)ut .expreesed'bis Jieorty sympathy wifii the objkefoof Shfe Meeting, A telegram was also read from Mr. J. H. Jackton, President cFtb'e Hjasterton Railway nUtbbf The Chairman expressed his gratification at seeing eo large an attendance; and accepted it as a oonclnsive proof that -thejtor alfleep Interest m'tUe qoestion"bf railway extension from Hamiltpn-to Coieraine, hkd the country beyond. He hoppd on the. present nooasion jt0!find.a littii inore unity vbmr'had been Been at former meetings, for he remembered that atthe'lan-meeting he attended they were so eyeoly divided that the propositiooe were car ried by a, majority of two only. He noticed 'that' within the' last 'few weeks railway meetings Had been held all around them, at Kartell, Tarrayoukyan, -Harrow- ahd-.iGheb -wyod, these meetings being all perfectly onanimoaa, auff adopting mthout one dis sentient voice, "resofaQoos Yo favor of a line comingjtiirongh cpleraine. ;,If thu were tbe case, why ehonld not the people bf Coieraine them. ask what would, be their position sou posing Abe Woods Jinb Irom" Brapkholfoe ho Casterton were fo be carried oat I What traffiooanld they expect i Why the farthest place from whichasvagon.wbnld be dentin to Coieraine would be Mr. Payne's farm on jthe, OHiur viuv ut a iad tuwusuip, , u line were made from Branxholfhe to Merino, there wonld be atatToa temewberer&Kthri; Wan- coo, and the farmers wonld all take their goods there and bring jbapk their aqpplief the same route. ' Coieraine,' npght tbeu Shut np shop ; one bank wonld be. able to do all their bntiness, and balf tbe, ppjdio-bonses wonld have to oloee. ' ' If they, stadied ;fheir true interests they wonld appoint ajgood committee and send an influential, deputation down to the"MiniBter' of fiaHwqys, j , jH .they did this, Mr. Woode wonld Yierdjy have the conscience to say to thtei "I «n ro weddyd to tbe scheme I draw upon, die map bpre inspecting the coimtiy,.thatI <unnot altor it to suit the reqniremen'iB of the", population interested. " If Mr. Woods did, nay thjs, they had tiis Assembly to go tb. aiuj if they conld get ho satisfaction there, the Tfeper House still remained. The proposed; railway to Apsley, as marked " op the Government map jnow produced, before them, , passed throngh thirty or forty miles of desert ,and, no man in that town brhn was troe to bispwh ihterests oonldaappbrt.it. (Cheeis.) '., Mr. Shannon moved |he first resolution :— . That this meeting expresses its cudahw ihptthe. proper route for a railway to the border Is by way of Hamilton, Coieraine, fibetwyndXareayoakyan, Nareen, 'ana Edenhope to 'Apsley,' with branch fiom Ooleralne to Casterton. making Coieraine a junction. He remarked on the quantity of good soil evHuHng in - the- district ..andieataA. pod said the land Could W improived frt6ir £6 an acre to the value of £20 and even £40 per acre,, whereat the thirdclsulmid along "the WcMds' rente conld never be improved to the extent of five thiilin-peT-acr&\--'Tbere wasm large settlement of population to the northward of Coieraine, all -of which wonld be ignored by the Woods route, which . passed .(hzongh uothing-hnt aorob after' leaving M3teterton. With fair treatment! -Coieraine wonld be second to no other the district, for the natural advantages it possessed must place it in the trout rank. ' (Cheem!) .,,. . Mr. Mmtirite'fleenan seconded titebtqilbn.' Mr. A:' Lesser said he-was n'otin'fatetir of railway extoimon at aff btit'ae'the Govern ment were determlned3o makeh'iline to the itordei; it wgs jire|erable tiiatitJilwildnfiFi throngh the town, uwtead, pf a piping within nine miles of it -prnddinpt Pte N?hat object Mr. Wood eould haye .-tp bridging Ai nulway frqm.JBranibnlmaito- Ateey, orwhte, traffic he oxpeotedJogftjpRm:£1fcjai«ei etaUou-owoBrs arajtteeirj oolbyfi, tha Imp wonld wt-jffi iorfhe fftetee jtimTyhjdta,; and daring ten montiist of tte; year U prould. be doing nothing, Most of the traffic from, Colereine went to Hamiltnn,"and throoe to Melbosra'e j'.ocatcy ahy gcAagto Podlahd. Trsveilers did not want to waste time in bepr;, carried by tee, nor dirthey%ant to be don-:' veyed a number of miles but. of their way to go ronnd by Branxholme. . Goods were con veyed at a cheaper tete from'Coleraine over land to Melbourne than bjy'-ks tsiid V)ie always patronised the Hamilton rontelrfget ting his goods op. - Eren-peopler livipg- ati Branxbelme aeirt tiieir Wobl 'via TTarnHtor,''' And tbat was the "best teats for tbe- country at large.1 -;(HieetB.,7 : i : d ». -<\--& ' -Mr. Baifiy (auctione«), apeteSng :from A Coieraine point at view, wteinhlineditb Itevet AieI, iato.hopti tuBa ite6 Iptiter '-plaoea to. 'paddtetitrfrownoanoe/'-HeTWeiitinfoi;' carryit -farther. well be boiled down themselves. Laughter). Portland conld never com pete with Melbourne for the trade of the interior, and wonld soon have to give up the ghost. If it was fonad that the line to Melbourne oonld not com mand 24rf»d per ton freight, tbe department .tteold accept lbs, and Htlaonme wasbonnd to have the trade. He thonght Coletsioe was entitled to.-a line from Hamilton, and Caster- ton wa slao.entitied to a line, bnt each plaoe mnet lookvoot for itself. What goods be had toaend aay or -to receive were forwarded direct, as he fonnd that it ooet quite ss mnch to send them throngh Portland. When the goods got to Portland they had still to be sent on to Melbourne, and what with the exorbi tant charges for cartage, lighterage, ft a, the Hamilton route wae the cheaper in the long run, whilst there was far greater despatch. Let them onoe get the-raili down, and then egUate for e ayrtemof way-rates such as pre vailed in Amerioa, whereby the charges for. different distances were equalised. TCEeSi). -f Mr. C. E. Payne observed that over 10,000 bales of Victorian wool went over tha border to Narraooorte, to be shipped st Kingston, and facilities should be . given for sending It tiuongh out own colony. Although the conn- -try totvsrds Apsley was'level, there were no means of making metal, roade. which were mceriugently required- there thananywhere. He shonid like to see a railway go to Caster- ton, bnt where bonld it be taken after that t. Fifty miles of the oounfry, beyond Casterton Was not fit to fted a bandicoot. And the tmok waa nothing but aand, throngh which It re1 quired four horses to draw a ton. : The wheat;, bark, salt, and other products lot the Chetwynd dietriot wonld cause a line, iff made in- that direction, to pay better -than tbe Ararat line, bnt the Mallee scrub line proposed by Mr.. Woods, wonld .never pay. If the Branxholme and Merino line were made they would want neither batchers nor bakers in Casterton, and he for one wotdd clear out: - Cheers. ) - - Mr. Bayley said he too, like Mr. Payne,' would have to clear out if the Branxholme xohte'were selected. Mr. Watte said it was better for every business man, that the lite shonid : come through the town instead of within nine miles of it. He oonld not approve of the Ellerslie and Byaduk line whioh appeared to find such favor at Belfast, bat which would most as suredly ruin the town of Belfast if made. He should like to see a line taken from Coie raine towards Harrow instead of throngh a howling wilderness, and it was manifest to anyone who knew the district' that the best land waa Along the Coieraine route. (Cheers.) Mr. JSlay suggested that possibly a line from Branxholme instead of from Hamilton might be made to Coieraine, bnt the idea .fonnd no favour with the meeting, and Mr. Blay'e attention was called to the map. Mr. Caldow (Tarrayonkyan) said that the people in his district were all going in for a line from Hamilton, as that was the best line foe stock, and wss as good as the Port land rente for heavy traffic. So long aa they got a line, they did not care mash where it oamei&om.; (Cheers). . Mr. Hayman, President of the Kowtee Shire Conneil, remarked that they were all pratty sure that the border Waa to be tapped somewhere, and the interests of the greatest hnmber of people shonid be cohabited. A line from Casterton to Apsley would benefit ecaroely any ratepayers in his shire, bat if it cams from Coieraine it wonld aaoommodate the ratepayers in the proportion of 100 to 1, It was not for them to trouble their heads as to whether a line to Apeley wonld pay or not, for if tbe Government were determined to make it, their business -waa simply to get It laid down where it wonld benefit the most people. He bad Been aamnoh as 2000 tone of salt taken off tbe lakes in one year, til of which went to Hamilton, Warrnembool, or Belfast, and not a ponud of it wonld go via Branxholme. (Cheefo). Mr. Mackenzie said he had acted as chair man at. the meeting in Harrow, when the league waa formed there, and the people were onanimoua that if the wants of the population were consulted, the line must come through Colerame. Moet of the 10,000 bales of wool spoken of wonld still go to Narraooorte if tbey midh the line from Casterton to Apsley, for that line wonld not pass throngh the country where the wool wob produced. The only reason 'one conld assign for Mr. Woods plaring the line in such an awkward petition ; was a political reason ; and instead of skirting! the border throngh the Mallee scrub, tbe line Bhould draw traffic for twenty miles on each side ot it There were 960,000 acres of land in the Kowree Shire; of whioh 160,000 acres were pnrohased. The families of 324 selectors would be benefited by the Coie raine route, but there were only four eeleotors whb' -wtelA derive any advantage from the Woods route. There were 140,000 bnahela of wheat raised at the Salt Lakes aloue, aod 280.000 bsshela in the remainder -of the ebir .tytt-the Woods line ignored that country altogether. Lest year the salt raised was 1200 tone, bat this wonld be bnt aa a drop of water in a backet compared with the quantity, to begot.- It waa an annual deposit, and' the Atit was of the best quality, eo that it would of itself constitute an- important industry.- '' If. thV Melbourne people wanted tocatchthe border, traffic A line from Coie raine would do it, but the Woode line never oonld.-' Tne Coieraine people were only asked to get the line to Coieraine, and tbe people of the border wonld do the rest. (Cheers:) Mr. Tytherleigh, 1LL.A, said he wanted to see the best done for the Western District as a whole. The ehire of Glenelg had far mora to do with the matter of rmilwav ex- tension than the shire of Wannon (Dissent, aid cries of " How ! "). He wished, to pro pose an amendment to the effeot that the scheme of Mr. Woods be not interfered with. '-The Chairman said this was no amend ment. The meeting was oonvened to consider the best means of bringing a railway to Coie raine, bnt; tbe scheme of Mr. Woods provided , no railway st all . for that town, and was ! altogether foreign to the object of the meet ing. (Cheers). Idr. Blay thonght Mr. Tytherleigh shonid withdraw hie propoeition. As to tbe Glenelg Shire, it onght to have sent delegates to that meeting if the claims of its people were so superior to those of the Wannon Shire. Mr. Tytherleigh -differed -from" the chair - man's ruling, but satdown, Mr. SergeanCM.ItA., who was reoeived with cheers, eaid b'e'hAd no wish to influence the minda .either of his oonetitneota at Hamil ton," dr. those .pf Nareen and the Chetwynd. He enquired; what were the purposes of a railway, and next if a private oompany were Ito cous tract A line;: in -what direction would :they(teke it? He/prooeeded to argue that a 'railway waa the direct civiliser designed to. afford facilities for traffift and lor the de- . velopmeht of , the resources of the dis trict, "and that ' a', private company wonld .take it .tiuongh, a populated distriot, ltetead df torongh an uninhabited, watte, ' Nothing but political considerations conld have pot tbie .fine. Into Mr. Woods's head: "His object most be either to rolo a ; distriot that was MpoBKl;to him ui politics, or to benefit a few interested parties whom jhe den iv plaotiie.. In extenuation of what he Wbold call Mr. Woode'e " proposed Crime," he wonld grant that the Minister of Rtiiwayi -"might haveTEeen'misIea, having nevte teen tob distriotthtmseff. Had Mb Woods carried put te.Frinniee he had mads to bim (Mr. Stegeant) andothers, lto visit the distriot and see for himself, he conld have home to ym othnrewm olpsioa toau that tneet- Mai failure. 4ffG£tilway'%tBti%»'aervo the iamtetjiepnlatioa. go throngh Abe best laoff \ andBUnjtbsJewest enpneering<iiffiraltieB.t UO aim jessmu'7' y- ""-r . ""Juan - who "knew toe country,- ho -said the lino an- ewMd.iMmehtheMDonditiona. H Abe 3&o-; veroment made the direct line instead of the'. Wvjwntefeout,,ti»y-wonld «nnoh mileage as wiO)ild..pay;for a branah from ' <MtgrK tP Oartertoa. , Ths iina proposed in the resolution would make Colsrtine a grand junction wnd a centre, which was a very dif- fortetthiog to a mere wayside station, as it wncldgirethe .town more ptettige,-a larger triabb ana other advantages. Coieraine was hot like a diggings town where the abstrao- tion of every ounoorff gold made ihe plaoe! poorer by £317ai0|ffforaoloegasriiesan and tteaqll remsined. their. agricultural're. Aouroes wotild not attar; The etatistlos he had collected ako wed there was no oomparison betweteyti'n 'tjvp. routes, that by , Coieraine havihgnn immtese, advantage, and lie bad attffiiedtiu sabjeot oarefaUy beeahse'ha -ex- perted to havs Aevere battle over it infar- aassenh<Q'j!Wljly:->: 'J The rarolahon was then pnt and carried s-.v- y.£i v. - "i Propoied byMh Watte -teconded kg. Mr. Xtegff r. , . . ; - That the parties aaw psesehl fijrjn ihenualves ! represent the opinions of this meeting, end generally to carry out the objects stated. Tht the following gentiemen form the Committee of the League, viz. : — MseSre. Lester, Seller, M-Conochle, Timibtill, Merit. Wade-Oonnlnghsm, Watts, Shannon, Bayne, Maxwell, Robertson, HarriBon, Thomson, Maths- son, and James. Carried snammotisly. - Votes of thanks were passed to the dele gates for attending, and to the Chairman for presiding, and this oonolnded the prooeed- 1- S.e TV > Cs The Committee then met to elect offioem, to arrange for a deputetion to the metropolis/ and to transact other business. 