ONE MORE UNFORTUNATE. WE had just cast down the weary pen, upon whose fragile point the destinies of nations hung, when a rap came at the floor, causing us to sigh the sigh of the never-resting slave of the public. " Come in," was our editorial note. He came in. He sat down. He saw us, and he tried to conquer. In vain. We were used to eagle glances of disappointed genius. We were impervious to the lofty scorn of unappreciated artists. We had smiled at the tears of talented poetesses who only "wanted a show" in print lo make themselves famous, and we bad killed men who had ventured upon our premises with "good things" said by their four-year old children. Finding that the look in which fierce denunciation struggled with a desire to give us the benefit of the doubt wouldn't work, he turned upon us a glance in which a mute appeal for compassion stood out as large as the letters on a blind man's sign-board. Now then," we said, as dead to pity as we were callous of contempt, "out with it! We know the answer beforehand. Because one is'a blighted berry and the other is Berry-blighted." "Sir," replied the visitor haughtily, "I am no low punster who condescends to play upon the names of creatures drest in a little brief authority. 1 am a satirical poet, whose mission it is to reform some of the leading social vices of the age. Last week you will probably remember that 1 forwarded you a poem of seventeen cantos entitled, 1 The Ladies' Fringe', a Panegyric upon Her Majesty Queen Victoria for objecting to it, with reasons why marriage with a deceased wife's sister should not be legalised.' The argument was—" "Yes," we interposed, " we remember reading it. It was written upon perfumed note paper, had a crest upon it, was written on one side of the paper only, and contained your name and address upon each sheet." " Just so—not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faitli," said, our visitor. "That poem, sir, has been rejected. Whether you have been actuated by envious malice or supreme ignorance—whether your action was prompted by political expediency or religious scruples, I know not. I only know that poem did iwt appear in your paper." " It was not up to standard," we answered briefly. " Not up to standard !! !" he almost screamed. He half rose fro 11 his chair—a convulsive shudder passed through his intellectual frame and he relapsed into forced calmness. Then he continued " Perchance you have a wife and family dependent upon you for their daily bread. Why should I kill you. Live!' We thanked him for his magnanimity, and promised that we would live as long as we possibly could, just to oblige him. "I have called to obtain my manuscript back," said the poet after a short pause. We drew his attention to the notice to correspondents, that manuscripts could not be returned. "Sir," cried the poet, starting up, "not'content with insulting genius in my individuality, you would rob posterity of the priceless boon of a work of art. I must have my manuscript returned." We knew only too well what the end of his obstinacy would be. We had seen fools rushing into our angel-shunned sanctum before. We had drawh. the attention of many to the inscription over our portals, " All hope abandon, ye who enter here." "Madman," we exclaimed, "you rush upon your fate. You would have your copy back. Follow us." We led hini to our catacombs wherein were buried ages and ages of declined contributions. Piled one above the other, the huge masses of. pap.er.:wer.e hidden _away.Jii.our. subterranean. story,.and. were slowly mingling with the dust and crumbling into "nothingness, like the hopes and ambitions that had inspired, and the fingers that had penned them. There they stood, the monuments of unborn genius, the ghosts of abortive conceptions. The soul of the poet quailed within him. " Are these all—all rejected poems?" " All !" we replied. " Yours is amongst them. You may search for it if you will. We close the office at five o'clock." We shut the door upon him and left him. At five he made his appearance, dirty and dejected. " I have got pretty well on with them" he said, " but I have not come across the Ladies' Fringe yet: At what hour do you open the office in the morning ?" "At nine," " Thank you. I'll come again to-morrow." He came to-morrow, and brought his lunch in a small carpet bag. He came the next day, and the next, and the next. We met him cheerfully each morning as he arrived with hope in every line of his countenance, and we shook his hand warmly every afternoon as he went away with the drooping gait of limp despair. He had hot found his manuscript yet. The monotony of coming up smiling every morning, and going away dusty and sad at evening, began to tell upon his once hale constitution. His eyes grew sunken, and his face haggard. He brought his lunch as usual, but he did not now take it away with him. His appetite was failing. One day he did not come out when we called him. We went into the catacombs and found him dead. He had not found his manuscript. We called our Pearson, and told him gently, he was dead, and spoke of the furnace and smiled. •'There was nothing in the pockets," said our baldheaded boiler- man as he proceeded with the cremation and sighed regretfully, "and his clothes weren't worth taking. How long will poets continue to be poor, and to dress shabbily ? I ask again, how long; oh, how long ?" - He shut down his damper, and yet another poet had joined the great majority, passing through the furnace into eternity. 