PacetisB. A "journeyman grammar-smasher" is what ono St. Louis editor torms another. A Brooklyn paper's advioo to wivos, is to bo kind and gontlo, as it is thoir opinion that a kind word will always go farther than a flat-iron. " Sho has a magnificent voico for a <cg-whistlo," is the ungallant oritioism of a now candidate for vocal honour*. Naturo should borrow from art.. So thought tho Yankee poet when oomposing his last effusion on the sun, beginning-" Thou glorious orb, bright as a now tin pan." \ Jollyboy remarks that he has often heard tho pro verb, "Afriond in need is a friend indeod," but ho can't see tho point of it. Ho has a friondin need who is alway s borrowing money of him. A Springfield man recently took a bath in tho dark. He managed woll onongh, only he got hold of a piece of stove-blacking instead of Boap, with marked results. . A Virginia city butoher told a painter to mako him a sign which would read, "Multutn in Parvo Sausage.". When he got it great flaming letters showed him " Mutton in Porko Sausage." It took threo. mon to got tho cleaver ont of his hands. "Twelvo pounds for a threshing maohine I" ex claimed a boy when ho saw tho card on ono for salo. " Why, mother only pays five shillings a pair for her slippers, and ' they are tho best throshing machines that I know of!" A man in a New York rural settlement, who has been an inveterate smoker for twenty years, has sud denly and. permanently, gi ven up tho practico. Ho knocked tho ashes of his pipe into a keg of blasting powder. " How many rods mako a furlong?" asked a father of his son, à "fast" urchin, as he came home one evening from sohool. " Well, I don't know," was the reply bf young Hopeful, " but I fancy you'd think ono rod made an aoher if you got such a tanning as I did from old Scroggins this afternoon." Tho parent stood aghast. " Why, Jimmy," said one professional beggar to another, ''areyon going to knock off already? It's only 2 o'oloek." " No, you mutton-head," responded tho other, who was engaged in unbuokling his crutch, "I'm only'going to pnt it on the other kneo. You don't suppose a fellow can beg all day on the same log, do you ? " A devoted father purchased a tool-ohost for his son, a lad of eight, who seemed to have considérable mechanical.genius. Bp to tho latost aooonnts the boy has sawed off bnt two table-logs and six nobs ' from the bureau, borod only aoven holes through tho doors and throe through the piano-case, and by tho aid of the glue-pot stuok tho family supply of napkins firmly to tho parlour carpet. ? A man saw a ghost while walking along a lonely highway at midnight. The ghost stood exaotly in tho middle of tho road, and tke wayfarer, dooiding to invostigato, poked at it with his umbrella. The next instant he was knocked twenty:fcet into a mud-holo. Moral : Never poko an umbrella at a largo white mulo when its back is turned. Thero was once a mayor of an anoiont borough who was a staunch teetotaler, and well known to bo so. Ho attended the festivities promoted by a neighbour ing borough, and somebody who knew the mayor well put a glass of milk-punch oloso to his plate. Tho mayor saw tho glass ; he oould not resist it ; ho took it np and quaffed it off, and set it down Baying, "Lord, what a cow!" . A well-dressed man entered a jeweller's shop, and asked if he could see " those oups in the window," pointing, as ho spoke, to some silver oups lined with gold in tho window. " Theso," said tho joweller, handing him one, "aro race-cups." " Race-cups-what are race-cups?" "Why," replied tho jowollor, " they are cups I had ordered to bo mado for prizes to tho best racer." " Well, if that's so, supposo you and I raco for ono," and with oup in hand he startodj andtho jowollor after him. " How would you fool, my dear, if wo were to meet a wolf?" asked an old lady of hor little grandchild, with whom sho was walking along a lovely country road. " Oh, grandmamma, I should bo BO frightened ! was tho reply. '' But I should stand in frontof you, and protect you," said tho old lady. " Would you, grannie?" cried the child, dapping her hands with delight. ", That would be nico ! Whilo the wolf was eating you<I should have timo to run away." Horaco Groeloy once wrote a noto to a brother oditor in Now York, whoso writing was equally illegible with his own. Tho recipient of tho note, not being able to read it, sont itbaokby tho «amo messon I ger to Mr. Greeley for elucidation. Supposing it to bo tho answer to his own noto, Mr. Groeley looked over it, but was likewise unable to read it, and said to tho boy, " Go-take it back. What does tho fool moan?" "Yes, sir," said tho boy-"that is just what ho says." Scent : Tho Oxford Schools. Undergraduate under going his sovereign's worth of divinity. Rhadainan thus, from under his spectacles: "Can you toll me, sir, anything about the apostles ?" A prolonged and gawky silence. Rhadomanthus, testily : " Well, sir, have you nothing to say?" Victim, in despair, and with considerable hesitation : " They wero ra-ther a r-rowdy lot." "Indeed? How so, if yon please?" Victim, gilby: "Because the lot fell upon Matthias." Rhadamanthus, with cutting politeness: "Thank you, sir j that will do." A SIMPLE TALE. The boy stood near a sunken sbaft, And bitter tears ho shed ; Wo oyed tho youngster fore and aft His bair and noao were rod. Ho lookod tho pioturo of distress, The very typo of woo ; Wo asked why his unhappiness His voice came sad and low. And whilo the lad in tears relates the story, We are awed ; Said he, " I bought a pair of skates, .And how its gone and thawed." 