BRANCHES FROM THE MAIL ROUTES. ?-.- was -- THE HOLY CITY OF INDIA. By J. Hingston. The capital cities of India are Calcutta, the political one j Benares, the Hindoo one Delhi, the Mahomedan one and Bombay, the commercial one. A glance has been given at Calcutta, on leaving which a journey of four hundred miles, made through indigo and opium fields, brings one to the Holy City of India, and also one of the oldest of existing cities. The arrival of the train occurs late in the evening, which adds to the impressiveness of the approach to this semi-sacred place. Such approach extends yet over four miles, for Benares is as much, out of the line of the rail as it is out of the ways of the world generally. No vehicles are waiting for us. They will be only found on the other side of the Ganges, to cross which is forbidden to them, and if it were not, there is no bridge, save one of boats, to take them over to use which would compel payment of a heavy toll. A crowd of natives come around us, however, each anxious to do porter's work. They will conduct us in the twilight, to the river side, a mile or so distant, and carry the luggage Cor us. The distribution "of labour among those men is very general. One article is told that each wants to carry, and that of whatever weight, it may be, is always carried on the head, and there buAansod. I might carry my travelling bag myself, for all the load that it is, but the road is not good, and it is only a trifle of cost to have it carried, and looks more the thing to have it so done. These lanky light porters form, therefore, quite a procession each one carrying a lantern. As they go along in that Indian file, of which I now see an illustration on the winding road to the river, I stepped aside more than once to admire the strange parade of which I formed a part. It was a very picturesque, not to say grotesque, affair. Thirty at least of the natives marched along barefooted, noiselessly, and nearly naked. They walked bolt upright, and each carrying balanced on his head some article of luggage that made him look more or less ridiculous. One man carrying a portable both looked, so surmounted, particularly comical. We reach, at last, the bridge of boats, and find it to be a very primitive one-as quaint and queer as the city to which it leads, and seemingly as ancient. The bridge was more than half a mile in length, and at the other end of it lay a State barge, built for a late Royal British visitor, to avoid his walking over our bridge. The gilt, gingerbread looking thing seemed quite out of place where everything else appeared so antiquated. It was yet some three miles to Benares, but we have done with the walking part of the business, and our procession now breaks up. Each head now resigns its burden to the waiting vehicles, and the dark hands take the annas, or coppers, given in payment. We now journey onwards on wheels, through the darkness, and enter what looks to us, in that light, as a conglomeration of old cathedral cities. Such is Benares, where I find an hotel kept by an asthmatic English- man, who is a welcome sight indeed to me. Here I got supper, and serve as such for a crowd of mos | quitoes afterwards. I am up early indeed next morning to take a look at the sacred city, but cannot find a guide, nor can get one until mine host is astir at a late hour. I find some information about Benares from other sources, the getting of which helps to fill up time. It is, I find, of the most ancient of all habitations of men in this world. It might divide honours in that respect with Tvre, Tangier, or Joppa, if not with, Damascus itself. Its antiquity, so far as I can learn, is the chief ingredient in that sanctity to which its crowds of temples only help. in the way of age, it has thus a hallowed halo cast around it by the sancti- fying touch of time. It, has always been the headquarters of the ancient faith-that Hindooism, or the Brahminical form of worship, that has now resumed its seaway over India, and nearly driven out from there the reformed faith that Buddha, the Luther of India, introduced. In similar way, it is to be noticed all through Great Britain that High Church practices and Ritualism are gradually paying the way to a return to those forms of worship that preceded the Reformation. Of this faith called Hindooism there is no known founder or prophet, as there is of Christianity, Mahomedanism, or Buddhism. It has been described as the natural religion of humanity, and as the outcome of our ordinary devotional instincts, unguided by any revelation. In its origin it was the worship of the elements, and, through them, their Creator. Gradually, forms were given to the powers worshipped, and so gods and their images were added as the ages rolled on and teachers of the faith multiplied. Professor Max Muller's lectures on the origin of religion, as illustrated by the religions of India, trace in this Hindoo faith the earliest efforts at forms of worship beyond those of the primitive savage. The worship of "the Great Spirit " was the original idea of the faith, but Hindooism has become now but a more confused worship of many gods and goddesses, whose temples are all here at Benares. Of such are Again, the fire god ; Kama, the god of love ; Surya, the sun-god; Ganosa, the god of wisdom, and a hundred others. To the gods, as also to'"Vishnunnd Shiva -two of the supreme trinity are given wives, who are worshipped as goddesses. In coming to Benares, I am come to a bewildering city of worship, in which is to be seen all that idolatry and grovelling to graven images of which we read such denunciation in the Scriptures, and are so apt to think as a thing of a by- gone period and not, as it is the form of religious worship followed by over one hundred millions of the inhabitants of Hindoostan. To this state of things came Buddha, two thousand six hundred years ago, as a reformer. Here, at Snrnath, an outskirts of Benares, was erected the first Buddhist temples, from which spread out over India, and thence over the world, that faith, which taught at first by I bare, has now elsewhere the largest number of fol lowers. The grossest superstition has been, however, too strong in Hindoostan, and the Buddhist temples of Benares are now nearly all converted into Brahminical ones-to shrines for the worship of those idols of whom, in Benares, that of Shiva is the most prominent. The purer faith of Buddha, the reformer, has nearly disappeared from that India which was its birthplace, A to find acceptance with millions of believers in other Eastern lands. Of Buddhism I have seen something, and at what has replaced it here a look around has now to be taken. The Ganges has made Benares ! The city clings to its shore, and to one store only, the left bank and that but for some four miles in extent. On that side of the river, and for the distance of two miles out of the four, the Holy City pushes itself everywhere into that sacred stream. Temples jostle with temples, and with the grand mansions of those who could afford to buy and build on such a specially sought-for site. The mansions of the wealthy, and the palaces of princes of the past, have, like the temples, all of them, stone : stairs, called ghosts, that run adown the river bank, and into the water, and beneath it. The Ganges swells up, in the rainy season, for forty feet or more above low water mark, covers the ghosts, and reaches to the lower floors of these buildings. Hence the necessity for the stone stairs when the flood subsides. On those giants the bathers walk down into the water in great throngs throughout the day, and there the faithful wash, and believe themselves to be sancti- fied by 60 doing. The followers of Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva, and the hundred lessor representative deities, believe in this sanctifying power of the Ganges with a strength of faith that we, horn of a cold , northern hemisphere, scarcely comprehend. On ascend- ing the stops and leaving the sacred stream, each ! believer goes to his priest, hero seated under matting-made sun shades, the size of a large parlour table top. Still wet with the holy water, he has now red and white paint ! marks placed by the priest upon his forehead. They will be worn throughout the day, and which tell to all who see him whence he has come, and what he has that morning done. The red and white paint is not always used, but in their place a whitish dust, made of the burnt droppings of the holy cows and bulls, which walk undisturbed in this sacred city. It is a city sacred units waters, in its shrines, its priests, its monkeys, its bulls, its cows, and its taking- a class of farm- A local beggars peculiarly sacred and filthy. Benares is now a grand old ruin from end to end, and makes no efforts at " restoration" or repairs of any kind. Much of it has been going to ruin since our an- j ; Equity began, and is going to further decay daily. The city is so sacred that all seems left to fate and to -?uwrnftturakpo^er to.BXpyide what jBUnioyjal bodies attend to elsewhere. The stones lie about as they fall. They are stepped over and around, and not removed. The stitch in time, that saves the additional eight is never given here. The sinking foundation is not impeded, and, by-and-bye, the house follows its supports. For such events the Benaiians start, and when it happens they sit about upon the ruins, and get blessed by the priest, and have their faces smeared and painted with holy pigments. Half of the inhabitants of the city are pilgrims from distant places in this and in other lands here sojourning for a time for purifying purposes. Those who can do so, stay here to die, for so to do is to die in Abraham's bosom. They worship, meantime, in the thousand temples that are around, and to the thousands of symbols of their faith that stand in little shrines at the street corners. The population is calculated at a quarter of a million, and it is told me that half of that number have come hither strangers, like to myself, and as to a city of sanctity and sanctifying power. Here they find, to their minds, the relief found elsewhere by Christian in Bunyan's wondrous tale. The load of sin Which has troubled the mind is removed, and those weary of this world are now, all unburdened, ready to leave it-happy in the surety ship of a better one. The phenomena of faith can be well studied here-in this its head quarters. Crowds are around me working our their salvation in the waters and in the temples ; the priests ever at their elbows-and pockets. And am I to have no part or lot in the matter, and to stand as a scoffer at it all Those people may all be right, for what I know, and for what Tennyson knows also, if he believes, as he tells us, that Death is " That figure clothed from head to foot, I That keeps the keys of all the creeds." I So I follow example, and came here as others do-bathing j in the Ganges with the rest. My guide points out to me the most sacred spot, which is also the most , crowded and there I wash as vigorously as any of the believers, I feel, for different reasons to theirs, all the better for it, as one always does after a bath in this climate. Shen, to be all in order, I turn to one of the priests for appointment, and receive the mark on the forehead, like the rest of them. It is, in this case, literally the " mark of the beast " being made, as it is of the white powder of burnt cow droppings. I paid a half rupee for such priestly care, and carried the mark about Benares, until perspiration and the necessary handkerchief took it off-a result that soon followed in this warm region. I had bathed in the Ganges-a pilgrim that had come farther, so to do, than had any of those around me. Often as I had read of this river, of this city, and these devotees, it had never entered my mind, that I should one day stand here to do as they did. Not all, however, was yet done. My good guide smiles on my zeal, or it may be that he laughs at my folly, Hindoo as he is. He tells me of two other waters, one of which is to be inwardly applied, and not outwardly, as is that of the Ganges. Those are the Well of Knowledge and the Well of Purification. The Ganges has washed away sin. The Well of Knowledge will give me wisdom, and that of Purification keep me holy for ever. I fool faith growing strongly upon me, and bid my guide to lead on while I follow him. much in the fashion of my prototype Sadak, in search of the Waters of Oblivion. The Well of Intelligence is, I find, situated, as it should be, under a golden dome, where are a crowd waiting around the fount. Its high priest is leading the water of knowledge into the open palms of the devotees, from a huge jar of it which stands at his side. I have my doubts about this jar and its contents, and wish to have my drink of water as I see it drawn up from the well. This well is some thirty feet or more deep. It has over it the before-mentioned gilded canopy, around it are gilded railings, and coming up from its water is the scent of a cesspool. Such water was brown-looking and stagnant stuff, strewn over its surface with flowers, thrown thereon as offerings by de- votees. Such vegetable matter, as it decayed, gave to the water the peculiar aroma alluded to. As flowers for such offerings were on sale hereabout, I contributed my quota before drinking, as so to do seemed part of the ritual. I thought indeed that some supernatural assistance was really wanted to the drinking of this water. The smell would have deterred most people from taking it, but faith is worthless if it can be struck out of believers. We all know that it cannot even be burnt out of some, who have so died for its sake. Fortifying myself with the scriptural advice to " try all things," I get a handful of water-it is all drinking from the hand here-from a bucket pulled up for that purpose, and, holding my nose meanwhile, get it down as I would a black draught. I had to pay black draught price half a rupee for it. I had now drunk of the water of the Well of Knowledge, and certainly knew more than I did before. I expected further knowledge within an hour or so, if that nasty mixture did not meantime act upon me as an emetic. Why we do such things those can well answer who risk their lives in climbing to dangerous peaks that have proved already fatal to many adventurers. No knowledge is to be gained by doing such risky climbing, but here the case was different, and I followed only the example of thousands whom I have no right to say were less wise than myself. If we learn in travelling what fools there are in this world, we also learn how we have been equally befooled in other ways. The Well of Purification the famous Manikarnika, as it is called-was my next destination. With that my course of the waters of Benares would be complete, and I should be sanctified, purified, and made perfect in knowledge. The water of this well is purgatorial in its effect. It can which the red hand of murder, and purge the guilty soul of the parricide. Its effects are also permanent, and those washed by it can no more be dirtied by sin in their way through the soul-soiling world. I find the desired fount of such a ball on a terrace, at the top of one of the giants. It is railed all round, and has but one gave to it, at which stood two guardians. Fifty or so of steps led down to its dirty, disgusting looking aviator. I tendered a rupee to the gatekeeper priest, without consulting the guide about it, and found my offering refused. My guide explains the phenomenon of the refusal of money by priestly hands. " The water is only for hindoos you cannot go down to it. Toil must be one of the faith to get any benefit from it." " Tell him that I am one of the faith, and have washed in the Ganges, and drunk of the Woll of Know- ledge. Say that I have come from the ends of the earth both ends of it to wash in this water, and also, that the doctor orders it." A strong confab now ensued between my darkey and the attendants, ending in his saying to me, " He still says, ' No ! You will not be allowed to go down even a Mahommedan is not allowed to go down, and only those of the Hindoo faith." I urged that he should try again, but he only repeated that so to do would avail nothing, and might lead to unp.pn--ar.tnes'-. I reconsidered the position, and remembered that all men have been said by a wise man to have their price. Fifty pounds should be spent over this business pro I failed. "Ask them hoAV many rupees they want to let me go down and wash my hands in the water say that I will give anything ! " He went, and made such liberal offer, and returned reporter thus : " He says that you cannot go down for a thousand rupees, or ten thousand " Another resource now occurred to me the money one having failed. " Ask him then, to let you fill this phial with the water," I said, producing one that I had that morning filled with the water of the Ganges, which I now emptied out, as being easily replaced. The offer was made as suggested-the result being I "He says, 'No.' You cannot touch the water, or take any of it away, on any account, or for any money. It is too precious !" " I got water from the Well of Knowledge, and why ' not from this ?" I expostulated. ! "The water from the Well of Knowledge is but water, but this liquid is the preservation of the God Vishnu, who dug this well, and fortified it, as the result of his labour!" I began now to perceive that the matter was far weightier than I had supposed, and required consideration. A devotee now came up, who" paid his fees, and was led do well to stop by one of the priests to the water's edge. He was a tottering old man, who had, probably, made great effort to get hero or death over- took him. It was a sight to remember, that of this 1 poor old sinner, supported by the attendant, and and dressed by him at the water's edge. He thence descended into it, until the nauseous-looking stuff reached his waist, and then stooped to leave it over his head and shoulder. At the. bidding of. the priest who shouted into his deaf years, he repeated-this lave mont three times, the exertion seeming to quite exhaust him, and the smell of the water half choking him. About the latter there could be little wonder. Thousands of devotees have washed in this water for years without number, until it has become foul and thickened by such washing. I must evidently, I saw, got the hand washing I wanted at second-hand, and one, like ? myself, with the water of the Well of Knowledge within him, might be expected to know how to surmount all obstacles. " You go down to the well," I said to my Hindoo guide, " and bathe your hands in the water, that I may do by deputy what I am not allowed to do personally ! Here is a rupee for the face" I had only ( told him half of my intention. He did as desired, paid the fee, descended the steps, and bared his hands to the wrists, returning at once up the steps to me. When he came I had the pleasure of grasping both his hands, and so getting mino 1 as wet as his own ! The full benefit of the water might not have been so obtained, ' but it would go for what it was worth, and the good intention added to it might make up for much. The idea, let me say, was not original. I once saw a sleep- ing negro robbed of his hair oil while he slept by another nigger, who, rubbing his hands on the sleeping one's head, so transferred the grease to his own hair. Sending the guide down the grant to refill the phial with Ganges water, to be preserved as a talisman, who went, on his return, to the Cow Temple. Here a dozen or more of pampered cows were wandering over a marble floor, and occasionally feeling it. Devotees were kneeling about, but whether in worship of the cows, or of an image that was stuck up at one end of the temple, could not easily be determined. The guide seemed also uncertain about it. I give the cows the benefit of the doubt, as they at least were living things, and the work of a greater Creator than the graven image. The Temple of the Sacred Monkeys, and Hanuman the monkey god, was a still more curious exhibition. In it were at least a hundred of monkeys considered as holy things and pampered have like spoilt children. Sellers of sweetmeats crowded the steps of this temple. The purchases made are used as the buns are with the bears at the Zoological Gardens. One could thus buy something for the monkeys, though not for the cows. On looking about at the interior carvings of the temple monkeys were to be seen perched about everywhere. The traveller must leave this temple with the idea that Darwin has been there before him, and hero got impregnated with that monkey faith that Darwinians so develop. Monkey on the brain might in one sense be got here to a certainty. On that point I speak with authority, as in their unchecked frolics and sacred fearlessness, a younger one of the family jumped down upon my head. For the rest of the day I patrol the narrow streets of Benares, seldom of more than seven feet in width, and look at the pigeon-hole like shops in the walls. No vehicle traverses these streets. The barefooted palanquin bearers are the only burden bearers, and they never seem to slip on the smooth cobblestones, that would certainly bring a shod horse down. Here I see at work the celebrated brass-workers of the place turning out those dishes, cups and vases curious for the handicraft and carving shown in them. Here are images of many of their gods, and I buy, as curios for my own enlightened land; half a dozen different idols, the worship of which I innocently thought had long since died out. Here, too, is made the famous " kicked," a cloth of golden threads interwoven with woollen ones. Great care is taken of this cloth by the traders. Half a dozen locks and bars shield the cupboard in which it is kept, and a high price is asked for it. For about enough to make a waistcoat I was asked £8 sterling. The cloth, equally with its price, seemed too heavy forme. The diamond dealers are another speciality among the Benares merchants, but diamonds are things I never could appreciate, save in their useful capacity of drilling rocks and assisting glaziers. On a second visit to the water side next morning, I see my first cremation-the most impressive sight, next to a hanging, that I ever saw ! The burning ghost here is the favourite one for all India, as the ashes of the cremated one are thrown in the Ganges at the Holy of Holies, as it were. Several cremations are now taking place. There are five piles of wood blazing at one time, but I give my attention all to one. The ceremony of burning the dead is superintended by a priest, and watched by the relatives of the deceased. The chief mourner in this case is the widow. The body of her late husband is brought down thinly I covered with muslin not. A wood pile is built i in a few minutes, to the height of four feet, by dried logs laid at right angles. On that height being reached, the body is laid along upon it, the back of the head and soles of the feet protruding at either side. The wood pile is then built up to a further height of three feet, and is all the work of five minutes only. It looks, when finished, as nearly square. The young widow has been sitting, dressed in white, among the mourners, with averted head, awaiting the finishing of the pile. It is her sad duty to light it. A handful of straw is handed to her, on which the priest drops some oil. The fire is supplied by another attendant, who has brought it from some sacred source, where it over burns, and is heavily charged for. No other firm but this sacred flame must light the funeral pile. Before lighting the straw, the miserable woman, for such she is in other sense than being only a widow, walks three times around the pile, each time touching the head of the deceased. The pile is then lighted at the foot of that side facing the river pro baby from the breeze being strongest in that quarter. The dry wood ignites quickly, and crackles in the flames, which soon reach the dead body. That swells greatly with the heat, and the skin bursting causes a strong smoke, that for a time struggles with the flames, They soon gain the mastery, however, and as I see the wood falling inwards, all around, I know that the fierce fire has done its work. In twenty minutes, nothing but a pile of ashes remain. The protruding head and toes have fallen in towards the centre, as the wood burnt away, and there is not so much as a bit of bone to be found. The burning up has been complete. The widow, who lighted the fire, had meanwhile withdrawn with her friends, and sat afar off, with lace averted. The scene was a solemn and impressive one. My' first scene of cremation in the holy city of Benares, on the banks of the sacred Ganges, will be a life-long recollection, one of the most endur- ing that all India leaves with one. The British Government did not do wholly a kindness to the Hindoo widow when they abolished the custom of her burning herself with her dead husband. The customs of the Hindoos are as unalterable as all customs of the East and this practice was founded on others, which should have been also altered at the same time. A widow is not permitted to marry again. Her parents are, for many reasons, and all reasonable ones, forbidden again to receive her; she has, therefore, unless left a wealthy woman, no refuge whatever but to become the slave of her mother-in-law ! Much has been said about mothers-in-law, but no one knows so much of the matter as the poor Hindoo widow thenceforth, and for the rest of her life, the most miserable of all womankind. Euroka ! a Are without "wood or coal, a fire instantaneously lighted and extinguished, a fire causing no dust, smoke or trouble, and, what is more wonderful still, a fire the substance of which will now 01 burn away- all this we are promised by a Frenchman named Boiubonnel, of Dijon, who, according to Miss let Bentham-Edwards the famous authoress, has succeeded after six years' persistent investigation in bringing his patent to entire " workable perfection The agencies annoyed on two natural substances inexhaustible in nature Miss Edwards sus who has seen these fires, and there is no mistake about the matter " We are also told that a body of a Nemesis and savants from Paris have just visited the patentee, tend pronounced his discovery "one of the most remarkable of the Barron Dnoirrrns' MAnAMiLi Cocoa-Iitvtoi Brothers, London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Put ty-line At oma-Sanative, nutritive and best lining Power One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for his latest, luncheon, and buothmtJ UetieshiiKlit after a late evening 1 01 Favour able opinions, are A'andaitl Mommy Post, JliUish stitched Journal dc, 40 farm labourers' lloineeopathic Colour - the original preparation, which has attained such a world wide reputation, as manufactured by Taylor ISi others, under the ablest hencoop while and see into it by the skill and experience of the inventors-, and will he found to combine to inform nt degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut Taylor Brothers' Soluble Chocolate I' made in one minute without waiting Taj for Brothers' irina villa Cocoa Essence 01 Pure bomb e Cocoa - This exquisite production will supply a want long felt by cocoa drinkers, namely, a perfectly genuine article, free from admixture of any kind nourishing, refreshing, and grateful to the palate In %-Vo, Tins Taylor Brothers' Chicory Manning tuned from the finest Belgian Root In 28 and 10lb Tins., StwmMUIi, Brick_»nsJw»aon. E_DorrChicory Milla, Jlruset BtJjrittm.->4_>yv 