A Story of the Dry Season. ? i A strong salt wind from the moors swept the dust into his eyes as Benedict put his mare to her fastest pace down Mission Avenue. He turned into a short street, running out to the edge of the hill, overlooking the bay and the lower town. A few blocks of new building lots brought him to the steep descent . There had been a flight of wooden steps and a landing, on a terrace half-way down, but the rains of the previous winter had torn them away. They were re placed by a narrow, rugged trail, which followed the wash ings of the hill. He tied his horse, and took the trail on foot, turning off at the terrace, following it round the curve of the hill, to a little gale, with high, ornamental posts, set in a thicket of pnckly-peaf. liie gate drooped on its hinges, and die paint was grey with age ; one of the posts had been crowded almost out of its socket by the roots of the want cactus, which flourished its thorny palms high ovemead, and usurped so much of the pathway that the gate could with difficulty be opened. A California rose clung lo thc opposite post, and a single late blossom drooped in the clutch of a bristling gauntlet, thrust forwaid from the other side. Benedict crowded die gate open and found himself iu a long grape-arbour ; the hill-side making a I sloping wall on one side and the trellis arching over and ! meeting it. He walked slow ly do*vu this long tunnel of leafage; the grape-leaves were reddeniug. and the sunlight, slanting through, turned them, to the colour of blood; 'the J purple fruit clusters glowed with a darker hue. The vista before him framed a single figure. She turned, as Bene j diet' 6 footsteps rustled on thc dead leaves, and looked back at him. holding the crape shawl she wore close under her diin. It was a softiy rounded, childish face, but with a desolate maturity in tho steady, unsmiling, backward gaxe of the long, dusky eyes. Sho stopped and leaned against t he bank with her hands dropped before her, waiting for 1 Benedict'^ approach. She gave him no greeting,— only raised her eyes to his, as he took her thin brown hand. ' Mercedes, how is this, my child 'i You are not looking so well as I hoped to find you six weeks after the fever! Did you take tho powders and the drops I left you V ' His voice was tenderly compassionate, as to a suffering child ; she looked, indeed! scarcely fifteen, but her maun?,. imH a weariness, and yet a speechless intensity, which were P°'Nc^Idid not take them,' she said, looking out through a break in the vines at a patch of blue on the distant bay. *-Do vou not wish to grow strong, — to grow to be a woman, Mercedes r ' . , , T. . ' No,'' she murmured, in her soft, helpless Luglish, spoken in slow cadences. ' I wish not to live at all. ^ tne little one,— he died ; I loved him ; I love nothing else. ' Do you not love the senora, your mother r Will you not trv to live for her 'i '' _. She is not my mother ! My mother trtn a senora. k.ne is none. To live for her ! Modrt dedios .' — that would be a life for a daughter of the Buelenos.' _ She spoke rapidly, in Spanish, with a passionate awaken ing from the listlessness which seemed her habitual mood. The shawl dropped from her head, showing its delicate out line, with the close, dark, tendril curls round the temples and ears, and the thick braids hanging over her shoulders. Benedict looked at her with a gentle curiosity. ' Mercedes, you are a very^ strange, little girl- ' lie senora is kind to you, is she not V '' , ' She is no senora, I have told you. She cannot be kind to Mercedes. She serve well— Bt'mto ! But she sits m my mother's chair; she sleeps in my mother's bed ; and she did sell, for money, the bed my brother died upon. Mercedes whispered these words with her eyes on Benedict, ana shivered a little, as a gust of wind shook the dry leaves over their heads. ' A man came and took it away, she con tinued, in the same whispering voice. ' I saw him put silver dollars into her hand. She bought with them wine, she tell me, to make me strong. Holy blood of Christ . would I drink the price of my brother's bed of death ; where I did see him ? ' She swept the shawl acrpss her face, and buned her Head in its folds. ' Merctdes,' said Benedict, after a silence, ' did she not know that she may have sold death to others with that bed r I gave orders that* even thing which came near your brother in his sickness should be burned, because it is. a terrible sickness, that spreads likea fire, even in the clothing. Did she clean the room, and bum in it the yellow powder r1 as the bed kept in the smoke of the yellow powder? ' There was no smoke. She did clean — she have one fo wash white tbe walls ; but the powder, it did make bad smell — choke one so, in the throat. She say it not good for us to breathe. My brother's bed will bring harm to uo one. I cannot believe that is true. But I would give — -but I have nothing. I go to the man who took it away, in the Aucnuc Los Gatos. I offer to him my ear-rings and the rosary of gold beads, but he laughs at me. He say, ' loo late,' the bed he have sold.' ' I know who has the bed, Mercedes. It is a lady — a mother, who loves her child as you loved little Leon. I hope it may not bring trouble to her ; but whatever hap pens, I know she will be glad to send it back to you, when she knows you care for it. Now, if I try to get it for you, will you promise me to take the powders and the drops?' You can remember well, if you wish. Now will you, child ? ' I will do that, because you ask me, but not for the little bed. I shall never see that. The senora— she is Ameri can V Iivcvo ! She will keep the bed. Americanos, they get, get, get, always— they give up, never. But I will do what you ask, Senor Doctor, because yeu were good to my Leonito.' She looked at him with her sad, beautiful eyes. The senor doctor enclosed with his hands the long cm-re from, her chin to the delicate ear, and lifted his face to hers as he bent over her. ' Poor little Mercedes ! she has not many friends. Will she let me be one A great tear rolled slowly down her cheek from the lifted liquid eyes, and her lips trembled. ,, Good-bye, then, my little friend,' he said, in rather uncertain Spanish. At the gate he stopped and looked up at the sweet pink blossom swaying against the thorns of the grasping cactus. He reached to pick it, but the thorns caught his fingers : he pulled at it a little roughly — all the frail pink petals dropped from the rose, and the bush was bare. With [the wind and dust at his back, and a strong red light on the sky before him, Benedict rode home. He 6at through his dinner eating little ; he made one or two calls, and returned late to his office, feeling deathly tired. A sick apprehension for Mrs. Ellison's child oppressed him, and, like a small touch, making him shiver, came the thought of Mercedes in the old arbour, with the sea wind rustling the red and dying leaves over her head. The next morning Dr. Benedict had au interview with Mrs. Hunter. Her advice was to say nothing to Mrs. Ellison, since all the harm had been done, and the child might still escape. She herself did not believe in contagious fevers, but in ease of trouble sho had no fear, and Georgie should be sent away to some friends in Santa Clara. ' We shall know' very soon,' said Benedict. On the following evening, as he was riding into Mission Avenue from a side sheet, his horse shied at a figure which | flitted past the crossing. In the rosy twilight he recognised j Miss Hunter's bright head, and her hat, with its long grey j feather. She was not dressed for the street, but with one | hand |caught up the skirts of her white dress, while with the other she held a wrap about her shoulders. He watched for a moment lier nervous step, breaking at intervals into a run, and then followed her. ' Mies Hunter, is there any trouble at your house r' 'Oh, Dr. Benedict, I wvas just going for you! Mrs. Ellison's baby ia so siek — awfully sick—, and mauima wont let me go near the room. Can't you come at once \ ** ' I will be there before you, if you will pardon my leaving you.' There was a light in the wing, and the rest of the house looked deserted, as Benedict tied his horse at the gate. He saw the young moon's faintly foreshadowed circle hanging low over' the bare hills behind tho house; when that circle should shine full and clear, thc drama of life and death in the room below would be over. The door of the passage stood open, and he knocked at the inner door. Mrs. Ellison mot him. Her fingers were between' the leaves of a book which she held, seemingly unconscious of it, while she led him to the child. It lay in the fatal bed, and as they bent above it, she murmured to him in a strained whisper tho symptoms and her fears. ' Doctor, can it be a fever ? I have been reading here, iii Dr. Gray's book.' She opened it, and felt with tremulous fingers, tor her' eye-glasses, then held the book out to him, with a helpless gesture. ' See ! It does seem very like what he says. Oh ! pardon me.' . He took 'the book from her gently, closed it, and handed her a chair. She sal down and looked at him again with her intent appealing gaze, which seemed to fascinate, and yet unnerve him. ' You must think rue beside myself — asking you to look at a doctors book. This is a great shock, but' I can bear what I must. Is it a dreadful fever, doctor r ' ' It is a contagious fever of a serious type, Mrs. Ellison. If necessary, I could trace it for you, but that can wait. There is much in our favour ; and for myself, I can assure you that if my whole future rested on this one case, I could not be more entirely at your service.' ' Mrs. Ellison rose and looked again at the child. She wore a long, pale-blue gown, which increased her vivid whiteness. As she listened to the child's breathing, bend ing over the crib, the brass bar beneath her hands shook a little. Benedict was preparing medicines at a 6idc-table. He started at the slight sound. He remembered it well, — it had a sickening familiarity like the carved outlines of the bed, and all its bright bars, and knobs, and inlaid traceries. He remembered, too, a desolate young figure flung- on the floor, the upraised hands grasping that shining bar where the mother's fingers rested; it had trembled then as it trembled now. Mrs. Ellison, looking round, met his gnze fastened upon her as if she were a ghost, but she saw only his form against the light, aud moved toward him. ' Dr. Benedict, I will tell you fraukly that I should feel more as [if everything were done if I wrote to Dr. Mae kensie, of San' Francisco. He is an old friend of my husband's. I know if would be his wish if he were here. I feel that 1 am not doing you justice, but you will pardon so much, I hope, in a very anxious woman.' '/pardon anything in f/ox, Mrs. Ellison I only hope you may have nothing more to pardon in me. I entreat you to consider me entirely at your disposal, — to use, or to post pone, or to reject.' She looked at him as if she hardly heard his words. ' Then you will not be offended if I write '- ' ' Certainly not! Write, by all means.' She wont to a secretary standing open against the wall and lit a lamp. It flickered in the evening wiud nud Bene dict drew down the shade. When he took his 1 ? ? ? gave him two letters to mail; one was al'dmi^r?' Mackensne, of !san Francisco, the second to RoWcf- Rr- Superintendent Golden Crescent Mine yh^-E^a. Nevada. 'smia Cityf Dr. Maekensie's reply came by telegraph : ' Cannot possibly attend the child: would such a case by letter; trust Benedict; he is entirely^11* A fuller reply by letter came later, giving Mm pi much comfort in its commendation of Benedict of Dr. Mackensie had personal knowledge. Mrs Eir not too much preoccupied to recall Benedict's ^ Waa withholding this fact. ^ So the younTmother ^ sternest trial of her life, trusted her case to the doctor, and together they entered the valley of the The red grape-leaves were falling, and the JiaJzi *' gathered. The world and the flesh had denartefl fm c8* Miguel, leaving the little town to count the mlhlaL its deserted beaches, and talk over the follies of the sum. 0,1 while awaiting the baptism of the winter rains. Them?er' tides rose and fell; the morning sunlight broadened the bay and struck the blinding white cliffs and lona reaches ; when the sun hung low over the bare hill-slopes, the shadow of the cliffs widened and' the light on the bay. The Monterey Mountains came out of their fogbank and glowed, like a heap of crumpled along the horizon. A pink flush mounted the 8kv faded slowly into the clear starlight ; then came the nia-h t wind blowing up from the sea. All night the curtw fluttered and the trees sighed and stirred, and at intprv.fi came the rush of the surf along the shore. That soft stir of the wind was alwayB welcome in ti room behind whose darkened blinds Gertrude Ellison an'rt the doctor watched the merciless register of a little tub which measured the fever's progress. It had risen fast and clung at one point, almost at tho top of the short eatniit whose degrees were so many steps from hope to desnair. One night the doctor bent over the child alone Tbt mother lay upon the bed, in that heavy sleep which nature exacts sometimes from the condemned on the eve of death The exhausted body had grappled the struggling spirit and dragged it down into a shameless stupor, where love duty hope and fear had no existence. The spirit mightstr'ive and suffer still, — the body could do no more. When Benedict raised the tube to the light, it showed one degree nearer to that point from which there is no way back to life, he looked towaids the sleeping mother ; she turned a little, and with a moan, cast her arms wide apart on the bed. ' He' forced himself to note, critically, the changes in her faee which the strain of the past three weeks had wrought, and he wondered if there was some subtle spiritual test by which he might know what measure of endurance love can give to so slight a woman's form, whether he would have courage i to use it. He watched her, feeling as if a fine knife were being drawn along his nerve-courses. Mrs. Hunter, coming into the room a moment later, whispered; ' I promised to wake her when it was time to give the nourishment. She won't let me do it, though I can see it almost kills her to force the poor little thing to swallow J ?' ' She must not be wakened ! The crisis will come to night. The fever will break before morning, I think, and she will need all her strength then whichever way it turns.' ' What do you think, doctor 'i ' ' ' I don't think ! All we can do is to wail. The child'* onstitution must decide it, now. ' The night wore away, measured by slow beatings of the surf and long respirations of the wind, as it buoyed out and hi the white curtains of thc window. A low fire flickered on the hearth, tempering the chill of the breeze. At twelve o'clock the tide came in, and boomed heavily on the stillness of the night. When that tide went out, 'would the little fluttering spirit pass out, too, into the great waters beyond V In the sickly mingling of daylight and candle-light, Ger trude Ellison arose from her heavy sleep, and looked with dazed eyes towards the baby's crib. The doctor was still there, alone. She could not see the child ; she could not see thc doctor's face; she eat quite still, while the room seemed to swim and darken round her. Benedict came toward her and gently took her hands. ' Mrs. Ellison, the fever broke last night about two o'clock, and she has been sleeping quietly ever since; Im pulse is better than we could expect. Do you hear me, Mrs. Ellison V The little girl is decidedly better.' She smiled at him blankly, and her head drooped forward. He laid her back on the bed, and called his faithful ally, Mrs. Hunter. He did not dread the mother's awakening now. But as he rode away in the cool, white morning light, he was shivering from head to foot. With the reaction from the strain of his long watch had come to him a per ception of possible trouble and peril to himself. He could not bring himself to face it, now, if it were a morbid fancy | it would pass away with rest ; if it were real, the fight must i come later. — -S 'critmcr's Maqasinc. j {To be continued, j The Pacific coast papers generally favour Lesscps's canal scheme, while those on tbe Atlantic seaboard find many faults in it. The San Francisco Bulletin , writing on the subject, says : — ' The speculations of some of the Eastern papers touching the relations of tho proposed Darien Canal to the Monroe doctrine are, to say the least, amusing. That doctrine has not been practically asserted in forty years. English influence in America is stronger to-day than it ever was before. There were the isolated provinces on thc north which have been consolidated in what is now known as the Dominion of Canada — an organised terri tory stretching across the continent. At this dute. there is a naval station at Esquimault, near Victoria, at a point which was claimed a few years ago by politicians in this country when the cry was: 'Fifty-four forty or fight.' Well.' wc didn't get the territory up to fifty-four. We backed down and took a lower line. At Esquimau' a dry dock is being constructed, so that England will nave one of the most complete naval stations in the Pacific waters. All that is constructively in violation of the Monroe docmae. Now, since no European nation will undertake to construct the Darien Canal, it will be constructed, if at all, bv prr\ate enterprise. Does it make any difference whether a t renc man, or an Englishman, or a German., or an Americana ? the enterprise V Since it cannot have a national caarac , what could be more desirable than that it should nar international character, as the Suez Canalhasto-day . I cost between one and two hundred millions to ^ , Darien Canal. Probably the only, man who could com mand the confidence of capitalists in that enterp: r 1IOpd one who is heading the scheme. If the money is p at all, it will come from Europe. England took htt interest in the construction of the Suez Canal.. Bu ... ; was completed she bought a controlling interest ia ', because it was a link in the shortest passage to the lame*. Thc Darien Canal will shorten the water route to the mint coast. If there is a sense in which it might be a me American interests, because gunboats and munitions could be taken through, the whole menace would am no more than that of the British naval station and d - at Esquimaidt. For ten years past some of the mrg foreign men-of-war have lain peacefully ? ... in tliis harbour. The whole Government, flee coast could not cope with a single Bn . which has anchored in this bay within a _ . month. The Darien Canal, which admits foreign '? admits American vessels also. The peaceable c of a ship canal across the Isthmus of Darien iso. ,. terestc by any other than a strained interpretation, i „nn,jiera of commerce override all such remote and On tions. The Isthmus of Darien is foreign terr ? that isthmus there is a railway which is railroa'd Americans by virtue of treaty stipuiations. ^ ^u^tiie* has endured to the advancement ot rn°.-tEuiop ^een g having commerce in Pacific waters. But it ? menace to any of them. If at a futur®^l^in„ influence States should deein it best to have a con-7? in « over the Darien Canal, that interest the legitimate way, just as England bought an Suez Canal.' ^ g Br. Perfkctiok.— Mrs. 5. A. Air.Ks's „ o^p_BL'4inpertJ ne''T F70EEB (the genuine only in pmk paper lour- impart fails to restore gray hair to its Its act10' ing to it new lite, growth, and ,lust^Rw grayness. I* is certain and thorough, quicWy bamming is not a dye. It ever proves established of the hair. Its supenonty and excellence Bb0TKeiw. throughout the world, mol^sale of t!irou«h- and Co., Sydney, aud retail of aU Chemists and Pe'a out the colonies. 