The l»ulpit In Teeivooinhn, (as viewed from the l'ew.) We purpose in the course of the next few weeks to furulsh in these columns a brief sketch of our various churches in Toowoomba, Public board meetings, such, for instance, ns tho Town Council, are invariably reported, nnd every now nnd again the sayings nnd doings of our public men crop tip in tho columns of a ncwspn>cr. And yet tho doings of onr various ministers of the Gospel have received no prominence whatever, Sunday after Sunday sermons are delivered of more or less merit ; they reach the cars of thu congregation, but in many instauccs pass from recollection, In consequence of on inability to commit to memory a sermon which occupies, perhaps, over half-an-liour in delivery. It strikes us, too, ns rather hard upon those residing n little way off in the bush, and nro uunblo to ntlcud places of worship, that these Sabbath utterances should be allowed to pass unrecorded. Wc therefore trust tlmt tho notes of our special reporter from time to time mny provo edifying nnd acceptable, not only to our readers iu Too woomba, but to those nt a distnuco. ST. JAMES. I visited St, James on Suuday morning. It was a cold and chilly morning, nnd by no means the klml of weather which would in duce a willing visit to Uint sacred edifice— St. James. Furthermore, the incumbent had been described to mu a few minutes previous to cntcriug tho church ns a humdrum kiud of preacher, who hnd a wearisome sing song tone of delivery. Subsequent experience, however, disappointed me in this respect, for I lmvc certainly beard inouy a worse voice thau that possessed by the priest at St. James. ' The church is substantially built of briuk, ami is cross-shaped, but there is nothing in its appearance cither on tho outside or iu- tcrnally to call for special notice. / In the same plot of ground on which the church stands there Is n snug parsonage house, upon i, which I shall prcscutty have something to j say. It may hero bo stated, that there is no f. lower to tho church ; but a raised timber J structure docs temporary duty,- and holds a .k nr bell of weighty proportion, which is ruugdvery three times at intervals before' each service/if ro- 1 had taken my scat by tho time tho first be j bad finished riugiog,and wns at that momc tho ouly occupant of tho church, excepting) „ somewhnt theatrical-looking personage wf did duty as verger, and walked about: fro; ono door to another with a somewhat oQlci, and anxious air, peering Jhroagh 'tlio mai; cutraucc, eagerly anticipating tho congrcgrsCi tion. By olovcn o'ciock th(avcrago ntiem' anco nt this church;Was, I am assured, - fully represented. There was room s for ma if : more. I enjoyed ODC.of the side aisles all y myself, nud of the people present more tlin? 'nic- a half I should say were children and youtlis,nt0IJ and the other half adulLs the women out numbering tbo 6tomor sex ; but perhaps this represents the average proportion of other congregations in Toowoomba. .This church was built about twelve years ago,' and was raised by local subscriptions. There was a heavy debt on tho bu(hlingo£ about£700, but this wns speedily paid off. Tho Hon; James Taylor handsomely took tho initiative by offering to reduce the amount by £350, provided tho con gregation found tho remniudcr. The neces sary balnnco wns soon forthcoming, and, so far as tbo church itself Is concerned, tho debt is wiped off. Now comes an item of informa tion given me, which furnishes n somewhat puzzling exception. Tho parsonage house, which stands iu the samo plot of ground, is still under mortgage, but to whom nobody ' can tell, and its position is shrouded in mystery. The church itself is under tho con trol of the Dloccsau Synod, but the mort gaged parsonage is uudcr nobody's control iu particular, unless it bo the iucumbcut himself, who would seem to rcgulato matters much after his own will, Tcgardlcss of the desires of others. Tho attitude on tho part of tbo Rev. Mr. Abrahams has undoubtedly had the effect of alicnaliug from his church some of its stoutest adhcreuts. Consequently, ho must find tho prcsout a somewhat up-liill cxpcricucc, and not a little precarious in a fiuancial sense. But St. James' is advantage ously situated, being near two or three of the lcadiug hotels aud bonrding'kouscs, so that stray sheep of the fold, who happen to be passing a Sunday at Toowoomba, most cer tainly fiud their way thither, and as ccrtamly drop their mito iu the alms dishes. Tho fuuds sometimes run short, nnd on such occa sions tho iucumbcnt Is not too modest to publish tho fact from his pulpit, but with what effect I am not prepared to say. St. James', it shoutd be stated, owes it existence to the indefatigable exertions of the Rev. O, F. Jagg — now in England— who bestowed many months of nnxioux toil aud labor in raising the necessary funds for its commence ment. The foundation stono urns laid by tho late Governor Blackall, the religious services on the occasion being performed by Bishop Tuffncll; nnd upon its subsequent release from debt, it was consecrated by tlio present Bishop of Brisbauo, Dr. Hale. The Rev. Mr. Abrahams, who, from liis very high-church proclivities, has gained tho notinupt sohrhpict of "Father Abrahams," has been here, I bcliovc, about sue years. To say thnt bis appointment is acceptable to the pcoplo would, 1 fenr, be stating the re verse of truth ; for I enquired, aiul enquired agaiu, ami nowhere could 1 find a kind word for tho incumbent. Surelv ha friomia and supporters somewhere ; but I suppose it was ray ill-luck to enquire at tho wrong side of tho street. At tho tima of Mr. Abrahams' translation from Mclbourno to Toowoomba there was Bitch a dearth of miuislcrs that local ckurcbpcoplo hail no cboico in tho mutter, and were compelled to remain con tent with what was sent to tbem. Mr. Abra hams has au iron will of liis own, and has the reputation of being fond of new faces in au official sense ; and however faithful an officer mny have been in the discharge of duty, his previous fidelity is of no account at tho hour of disngrecmcut with the incumbent of St. James. One tbhig is certain, tlint tho rich man who is prepared to shell out hand somely will not be neglected spiritually by Mr. Abrahams, whilst the llodgcs of our community may not receive the same degree of solicitation. It cannot be said tlmt thu Church of Kuglnud Ims an encouraging re presentative at Toowoomba nt this moment, nml it is a subject for wide regret muong local churchmen that tlic Rev. Mr. Abraham Is callous ujion the propriety of his voluntary removal to a district which affords nil unre- - striclcd Held for the operations of u Christian minister. He is a gentleman who can bo strongly recommended as not devoid of talent or tuct, nud iu the event of little church disagreements his iugcuuity reveals jtaolf by a stmsivo interpretation oE tho rcgu- jftftjiions passed by tho Synod to meet Ids own SJJarticiilnr case. I have said that he U not jjso sing song in his stylo oE delivery ns I was dftlod to auticipatc ; nevertheless, liis moaoto- tf&inoits; stureoty pod arguments would suffice, but $.£for tlic vivacity ot the Queensland climate, prto keep his audience in happy somnolence. append an nbstract of a discourso which :wiwns ' short and sweet," nnd took fifteen :-.-'minutcs in reading. This text was taken yfroin St. John XXX, v. 8 — " And when lie is L-&jr;.oomo, lie will reprove tho work of sin oE 'righteousness and oE judgment." Year after "j year did tho Holy Clmrch throughout all the ;iy. world set before us those mysterious words of Jesus on tiii.s fourth Sunday after Easter, and gjjfin tho most solemn service of Holy Com |jp munlon. The Saviour in this, whilst record ijSf ing 1 lis course, directed His Apostles to tho kj&neccssity; of IUs departure from the world Eg: and of llioso inestimable blessings His church rag should realise throughout all time ou earth Hj∧ in eternity in heaven. 21c had taught jjra tbom the necessity of regarding Him ns tho jSjfrking who should rule over all temporal kings iS-in tho earth. Ho warned them that they gjail'muBt look for little happiness upon earth, tfpthab the chief priests ami learned rulers of tho church would excommunicate them, and, A worse than that, " tho tiinocomctli that who soever killcth you shall think he docth God's services" Aud amid these. sufferings thoy »;: were about to endure, they would lose tho Wt comfort of Christ's visible presence, llo was rafoboutto depart for IUs own way— todictipon -fS'tho cross— and all His disciples must prepare !;to follow him, each one through God's ap- pointed way of sorrow. Those were hard truths, and the Apostles could not understand v'Vthc necessity for IUs dcj>nrlurc, nnd therefore WHe sorely filled tlioir hearts at tho thongbU of 'losing Him whom they regarded as their v&Saviour; and comforter. They began to rca- 'jyqiliso the V:.cly feeling of orphans, but Jesus '$i.:prom's;d to send them another comforter, by vaoni lie jmusuu wuiuu uumuiuu to uu prestnt with them. "I will not Icavo you ' 'i orphans ; I will come fo you every day," :v; ii Have faith in Mo the Lord Jesus Christ, I ' will come to you in the power of My eternal Godhead and llo would be a strong tower to all who' "put their trusL in Him. llo was ' the ndv:cntc with His Father in heaven, and when Ke shall Uavo thrown aside His weak- ness forever He would provd tho Father a L more p'lwcrful nnd effectual advocnto both in V i heaven and upon earth; " For by My spirit K : will ho with you always, and with nil I : pcopl ;, members of My body aud church, fl even unto the end of tho world. And cs- pcci'. lly will I cnablq you to realise My pre B''8cn(su willi that commemorative sricriflco of i-mv .dlatoning death," wherein I will make you to be partakers of that perfect 6acri Bailee of My: body atul blood, of which nil' faithful communicants, shall freely, nnd in- flN. deed tako and rcccivd'in so spiritual a man I ncr that while I am one in them on earth, fl they shall bo ono iu me before my Father's B throuo in heaven. The very fact that by tho /powerful pleading of tho promised advocate,' m their faiili was transmitted through their sue- B CCgcov«j to the cud of time " even though I PT' nm no longer visibly present among yon. V This fact will establish my rightcousuess in '- 'tho earth so that the claims , of my pcopto ' shall bo acknowledged as tho standard of i<\- salvation iu Use sight of all nations." So far "V ..they could understand how the Holy Ghost had convicted nnd would continue to couvict ? tho world nf its ownsui, nnd its llcdccmcrs \- righteousness. This promised advocate hv" would also convict the world of judgment bccnusa all tho world is judged. In order to Wsco tho meaning of this mysterious saying wo must endeavor to rcnliso to ourselves what B&i; a crushing blow tho power of tho Devil re- K ccived by the establishment of tho Church of n'Christ" throughout the civilised world. They k' were accustomed to regard tho condcmnnliou ' of Satan as being inscpnratcly connected witUthatfinaUloomwbiehthcAhnigbtyJudgo V will pronounce ou nil, at the day of judg \ ment, whoso former lives have been dovotcd to tho Devil. IIo that belicveth ju the son of God is not condemn' ! ; but bo that boliovctli not is already condemned, oven upon enrtU before tho judgment day, . because ho belicveth not in tho only begot ten son of God. And in a similar manner Jesus who spoke there words, nnd, to whom all nil things arc open, saw tho judgment of Satan actually being executed, ns tho no cossnry consequence of His dying for sinners upon tho cross. Henceforth should tho king dom of heaven bu open to all believers, but shut to all who wilfully neglect tho saving truths of salvation. Henceforth the power of Satan as ruler of this world is so cast down aud destroyed that bo shall never bo hblc to keep back ono single believer from entering the kingdom of Christ, . AU tho. members of the Catholio Church shall lenrn to Imitate the spirit of their living head " Ilim that comcth unto mo I will in no wise cast out." If thcliftlug up of Christ upon the cross was the moans whereby tho world should he restored to its proper conscience tho church of Christ upon earth should bo tho conscience of tho world so tlmt with tho coming of tho promised comforter, the holy religion of Christ, ought to become tho standard of tho world's conscience, Not that every professing christian will act iu strict accordance with tho exhortation, hut in so far as ho falls short of it tho holy spirit will convict him. Each ono who desired to be taught God's spirit would be convinced of His own rightcousuess nnd judgment, and would lenrn to love that which God com manded. llo would be convince! tlmt it was his liigbcst wisdom to obey the loving invita £ tion of his Lord, " Come unto mo yothat labor and are heavy laden, aud 1 wilt givo ip you rest," or " I will refresh you." Ami If & thoy were being led by the spirit of God, .? by tbo onViomfortcr, thoy would no longer : trust in any imaginary goodness, thoy would Be gain heaven by their own rightcousuess, and ft would lenrn to look for righteousness where g: .alono it could be found, and they would lenrn to use tbo-c gifts of salvation which God in & his mercy had provided. Amongst manifold P changes of tho world may their hearts be fixed where true joys were to bo found. 5\. I had looked for a long discourse from the f.-. rev. gcntlcmnn and took a spell occasionally, X awaiting somo brilliant peroration. Imagine one's disappointment when tho rev. gcutlc man prematurely collnjwcd before he seemed gfpjlo have got fairly into his subject. But per &£haps ju what he had said, with this nnd that £»$Cput together, Mr, Abraham may consider ho had cxplir %do»o so. If so, I dif surfer from him, witu nil duo respect for tho cloth. As soon ns tho rev. gentleman ceased '-aud was moving away from tho pulpit, I simultaneously seized my lmt and stole off -quietly, hut not sufficiently so to cvado tho £tucsitrical .looking personage, whose long '"/ strides were being directed to pass the kind ;.' :: vihtimatiori that it was not all over yet. But 01 knew the rest ns well as nuyouo could tell te-ixne. c'il Visited tho Congregational Ciiurch in tho &£& evening, and enjoyed an intellectual treat. "On Saturday next 1 propose to give a sketch ivf in the columns of tho Chronicle bearing on ;'V ,tho Rev. J. T. Wnmkcr nnd his littlo church. ;v to which will bo appended a full report of | his discourse. 5 GOVERNMENT SAVINGS BANK.— llctum of operations for tho month of April, 187U New accounts ojxmcd, 1-1-1 ; accounts closed, ii 4G0 ; ' decrease in number of accounts, "> ; i number of dc|H>sits, ; numl>cr of with drawals, 1,017 ; total sum Uepo-itetl, i Oh. 1U1. total sum withdrawn, 10h. M. ; amount to tho credit of ir»t5i(lf» «lc podtors on the tfOth April. 1S70, £i»73,'Jiij 7s. 2d.; amount to the credit of tie positors on the JUs! Mareh. lS7t>. 19s. 4d. ; ileorcaM' for tho .month of April. £12,011 12-. 2d. 