IJiteater & ^dmm THE CLOjfEN FOOT. ; BY SHS3 BRAJODON, ! AtTTEOB OF ** IiAJDY AqDXJBT'S SaCSHT,' &C.;, &C.; ?Published by special arraogemeut with the Author. ? All iijhts reserved.] Chapter XLL— Mrs. Evitt Makes . a i Hevelation — (continued). . \ Gerard went down to his books and his iranquil solitude, pondering upon Mrs. Evittfs speech and manner. No, it was not delirium. The woman's words were too Consecutive for delirium ; her manner was . ?excited, but not wild. There was evi dently something on her mind — something Connected with La Chicot's murder. Great heaven, could this feeble old woman be the assassin r (Jould those 'withered old hands have inflicted that mortal gash ? No, the idea was not to be , entertained for a moment. Yet, strange things have been since the world began. Crime, like madness, might give a fictitious strength to feeble hands. La Chicot might have had money — jewels — hidden wealth of some kind, of -which the secret was known . to her landlady, and, tempted by direct ; poverty, this wretched woman might ? -'? The thought was too horrible. It took pos session of George Gerard's brain like a nightmare. Vainly did he endeavor to be guile his mind by the study of an interest- ? ing treatise on dry-rot in the metatarsal bone. His thoughts were with that feeble old woman upstairs, whose skinny hand, just now, had set him thinking of the witches in Macbeth. He listened for Jemima's clumping foot- ; fall going downstairs. It came at last, and he knew that the girl was gone to her meagre supper, and the coast was clear for Mia. Evitt's revelation. He shut his book and went quietly up3tairs. Never until aiow had George Gerard known the meaning of fear; but it was with actual fear that he entered Mrs. Evitt'3 room, dreading the discovery he was going to make. He was startled at finding the invalid .arisen, and with her dingy black stuff gown drawn on over her night gear. ' Why in heaven's name did yougetup P' he asked. ' If you were to take cold you 'would be ever so much worse than you have been yet.' 'I know it,' answered Mrs. Evitt, with her teeth chattering, ' but I can't help that, I've got to go up-stairs to the second floor ?fcack, and you must go with me.' 'What for?' *' I'll tell you that presently. I want you to tell me something first.' Gerard took a blanket off the bed, and wrapped it round the old woman's shoulders. She was sitting in front of the fire, just where Jemima had sat darning her stocking. : . ?- ' ' Til tell youanythingyou like,' answered -Gerard, ' but I shall be very savage if you -catch cold.' ' If an innocent person was suspected of .a murder, and the evidence was strong .against him, and another person knew he hadn't done it and said nothing, and let the law take its course, would the other ; person be guilty 1' u Of murder !' cried Gerard, ' of nothing leas than murder. Having the power to save an innocent life, and not saving it ! ^What could that be but murder !' *f Are you sure Jemima isn't, outside on ihe listen'?' asked Mrs. Evitt, suspiciously. *' Just go to the door and look.' Gerard obeyed. ?: *l There's not a mortal within earshot,' he said. ' Now, my good soul, don't waste. any more time. It's evident you know all about this murder.' ' I believe I know who did it,' said the; old woman. 'Who?' I can remember that awful night as well as if it was yesterday,' began Mrs. Evitt, making strange ewallowingnoises, as. if to keep down her agitation. ** There we all, stood on the landing outside this door^— Mrs. Eawber, Mr. Desrolles, me, and' .Mr.. ?Chicot. Mrs. Kawber and me was all of , a twitter; Mr. Chicot looked as white as a ghost; Mr. Desrolles was the coolest among. us. He took it all quiet enough, and I felt It was a comfort to have somebody there that had his wits about him. It was him ihat proposed sending for a policeman.' il Sensible enough,' said Gerard. . (l Nothing was further from my thoughts than to suspect him,' pursued Mrs. Evitt. « He had been with me off and on for five years, and he'd been a quiet lodger, coming in at his own time with his own fcey, and giving very little trouble. He had only one fault, and that was his liking for the Iwttle. He and Madame Chicot had been \- Tery friendly. He seemed to take quite a fatherly care of her, and had brought her home from the theatre many a night, when her husband was at his club.' 'Yes, yes,' cried Gerard, impatiently, ' You've told me that often before to-night, . Go on, for goodness sake. Do you mean to c gay that Desrolles had anything*to do with the murder ?» ' He did it,' said Mrs. Evitt, 'whispering onto the surgeon's ear. i3--;'***!|i 'How do you know? What ground have you for accusing him ?' : 'The best of grounds. There was a struggle between that poor creature and her murderer. When I went in to look at her as she lay there, before the doctor had touched her, one of her hands was clenched tight— as if she clutched at something in her last gasp. In that clenched hand I found a tuft of iron-grey hair— just the color of Desrolles' hair. I could swear to it.' ';??' ; : 'Is that all your evidence against Des Tolles ? The fact is strongly in favor of 3poor Treverton, and you were a wicked -woman not to reveal it at the inquest ; but you cannot condemn Desrolles upon the evidence of a few gray hairs, unless you inow of other evidence against him.' 'I do,' said Mrs. Evitt. 'Dreadful -^evidence. But don't say that I was a wicked woman because I didn't tell it at the inquest. There was nobody's life in danger. Mr. Chicot had got safe off. Why should I up and tell that which would hang Mr. Desrolles. He had always been a good lodger to me ; and though I could never look at Mm after that time without feeling every drop of blood turned to ice, and though I was thankful to Providence when he left me, it wasn't in me to tell that which would be his death.' i fctfGo on,' urged Gerard. ' Whaijwas it you discovered ?' vr.--. a When the policeman came in and looked about him, Mr. Desrolles says, * I ehall gjo ???.-' i to bed ; I' ain't wanted no more nere,' atfd ~he goes back to his room, as quiet and as cool as if nothing had happened; When the sergeant came back an hour afterwards, with a gentleman in plain felothes, which was neither morenorless than a detective, } them two went into every room in the house. I went with them to show the way, and to open cupboards and such like. They went up into Mr. Deerolles's room, and he was sleeping like a lamb. He grumbled a Ht at us for disturbing him. * Look about as much as you like,' he said, *^as long' as you don't worry me. Open all the drawers. You won't find any of 'em locked. I haven't a very extensive wardrobe. I can keep count of my clothes without an inven- \ tory.' * A very pleasant gentleman,' said ' the detective, afterwards. ' Did they find nothing?' asked Gerard. 'Nothing, yet they looked and pryed alout very careful. There's only ona closet in the second-floor back, and that's . beLind the head of the bed. The bed's a ttnt with chintz curtains all round. They locked under the bed, and they went so far as to move the chimney board and look up the cMmney ; but they didn't move the bad, I suppose they didn't want to disturb Mr. Desrolles, who had curled himself up in the bedclothes and gone off to sleep again, '* I suppose there ain't no cupboards in this room ?' says the detective. I was that tired of dancing attendance upon them that I just gave my head a shake that might mean anything, and they went down stairs to the parlors to worrit Mrs. Rawber.' ? Here Mrs. Evitt paused, as if exhausted by much speech. ' Come, old lady,' said Gerard kindly, 1 *' take a little of this barley water and then go on. You are keeping me on tenter- ; fcC0k8.' ,-i£5g g^ Mrs. Evitt drank, gasped two or three times, and continued — ' I don't know what put it in my head but after the two men was gone I couldn't Lelp thinking about that cupboard, and wLetker there mightn't be something in it that the detective would like to have found. Mr. Desrolles came downstairs at eleven o'clock and went out to get his breakfast — as he called it— -but I knew pretty well when he went out of doors for his breakfast he breakfasted upon brandy. ; If he wanted a cup of tea or a bloater I got it for him, but there was mornings when he , hadn't appetite to pick a bit of bloater with a slice of bread and butter, and then he went out of doors.' ' Yes, yes,' assented Gerard, ' pray go on.' ' When he was gone I put up the chain : of the front door, so as to make sure of not being disturbed, and I went straight up to : 4iis room. I moved the bedstead and opened the cupboard door. Mr. Desrolles had no key to the cupboard, for the key '? was lost when he first came to me, and j though it had turned up afterwards, I ? hadn't troubled to give it him. What did he want with keys, when all the property he had in the world wasn't worth a five pound note?' *' Go on, there's a good souL' ' I opened the cupboard. It was a queer, old- fashioned closet in the wall, ana t^ door was papered over just the same as the room. It was so dark inside that i had. to . light a candle before I could see anything there. There was not much to see at first, , even with the candle, but I went down ou my knees, and hunted in the dark corne . aid at last I found Mr. Dearolles' old chintz dressing-gown, rolled up. small, and stuffed into the darkest corner of the cup board, under a lot of rubbish. He'd bBen wearing it only a day or two before, and I knew it as well as I knew him. I took it over to the window and unfolded it, and there was the evidence that told who had murdered that poor creature lying cold on i her bed in the room below. The front of; the dressing-gown and one of the sleeves, were soaked in blood. It must have flowed in torrents. The stains were hardly dry. 'Good Lord,' says I to myself, * this would hang him,' and I takes and rolls the j gown up tight and puts it back in the j corner, and covers it over with other thing, old newspapers and old clothes,: and such like, just as it was before* And then I runs downstairs and routs out the key of the closet, and takes ? 1 and locks it. I was all of a tremble while I did it, but I felt there was a power within me to do it. I had but just put the key in my pocket, when there came a loud knocking downstairs. From the time Mr. Desrolles had gone out it wasn't quite a quarter of an hour, but I felt pretty sure this was him come back again. I pushed back the bed, and ran down to the door, still trembling inwardly.; * What the ? ' (wicked word) — ' did; you put the chain up for?' he asked, angrily, for it was hinu I told him that I felt that nervous after last night that t was obliged to do it. He smelt strong of brandy, and I thought that he was looking strange, like a man that feels all queer in; his inside, and struggles not to show iti * I suppose I must put myself into a clean shirt for this inquest,' he says, and then he goes upstairs, and I wonders within mya If bow he feels as he goes by the door wnere that poor thing lies.' ' Did he never ask you for the key of the closet P' ? ; ' Never. Whether he guessed what had happened., and knew that I suspected hitn- I can't tell — but he never asked no ques tions, and the closet has been locked up to this day, and I've got the key, and if you will come upstairs with me I'll show you what I saw that dreadful morning.' ' No, no ; there's no need for that. The police are the people who must see the inside of that closet. It's a strange busi ness,' said Gerard, 'but Fm more glad than I can say for Trcverton's sake, and for the sake of his lovely young wife. What motive could this Desrolles have had for such a brutal murder?' Mrs. Evitt shook her head solemnly. 'That's what I never could make out,' she said, 'though 3' vs lain awake many a night puzzling myself over it. 1^ know she hadn't no money — I know that him and her was always friendly up to the last day of her life. But I've got my idea about it.' ' What is your idea ?' asked Gerard. ' That it was done when he was out of his mind with ddirius trendngs.' 'But have you ever seen him mad from the effects of drink ?' ' No, never. But how can we tell that it didn't come upon him sudden in the dead of the night, and worked upon him until he got up and rushed down stairs , in Ms madness, and cut that poor thing's throat?' \ I ' That's too wild an idea. That a man *?' ^ V \ ;! '~- .i ':;?? t ? '::. ? ? '? ' should be raging mad with deUriumtremehs between twelve and one o'clock, and per fectly sane at half-past two, is hardly within the range of possibility. No. There rmist have been a motive, though we can not fathom it. Well, I thank God that conscience has impelled you to tell the truth at last, late as it is. I shall get you to repeat this statement to Mr. Leopold to morrow. And now get back . to bed, and I'll send Jemima up to you with a cup of good beef tea. Go'd grant that this fellow Desrolles may be found !' ' I hope not,' said Mrs. Evitt. ' If they find him they'll hang him, and he was always a good lodger to me. I'm bound to speak of him as I found him.' ' You wouldn't speak very well of him if you had found him at your throat with a- razor.' ' ! 'Ab,' replied the landlady, *'I live! in 1'ear snd dread of him ever after that horrid time. I've woke up in a cold per spiration many a time, fancying that I heard his breathing close beside my bed, though I always slept with my door locked and the kitchen table pushed against it. I was right down thankful when he went awfiy, though it was hard upon me to have ray second floor empty — and Queen's taxes, and all my rates coming in just as regular as when my house was full.' Gerard insisted on his patient going to bed without further delay. She was flushed and excited by her own revelations, and would have willingly gone on talking till midnight if her doctor had allowed it. But he wished her good night, and went down stairs to summons the well-meaning Jemima, who was a very good sick nurse, having ministered to a large family of step brothers and stepsisters through teething, measles, chicken-pox, mumps, and all the ills that infant flesh is heir to. George Gerard communicated early next day with Mr. Leopold, and that gentleman came at once to Mrs. Evitt's bedside, where he had a long and friendly conversation with that lady, who was well enough to be inordinately loquacious. She was quite faccinated by the famous lawyer, whose manners seemed to her the perfection of courtesy, and she remarked afterwards that if her own neck had been in peril she could hardly have refused to answer any question he asked her. Once master of his facts, at first hand, Mr. Leopold chartered a hansom and drove to the shady retreat where his client was languishing in durance. Laura was with her husband when the Lawyer came. She started up, pale and agitated, at his entrance, looking to him as the one man who was to save an innocent life. ' Good news,' said Mr. Leopold, cheerily. ' Thank God,' murmured Laura, sinking back in her chair. ' We have found the murderer.' ' Found him,' eried Treverton; how, and where?' ' When I say found, I go rather too far,' said Leopold, *' but we know who he is. It's the man I suspected from the be ginning — your second floor lodger, Des rolles.' Laura gave a cry of horror. *? You need not pity himr Mrs. Trever ton,' said Mr. Leopold. ' He's a thorough paced scoundrel. I happen to be ac quainted with circumstances that throw a light upon his motive for the murder. He is quite unworthy of your compassion. I doubt if hanging — in the gentlemanly way in which it's done now — is bad enough for him. He ought to have lived in a less refined age, when he would have had his last moments enlivened by tlie yells and profanity of the populace.3 ' How do you know that Desrolles was the murderer ?' asked John Treverton. ; Mr. Leopold told his client the gist of Mrs. Evitt's statement. .. ; Treverton listened in silence. Laura sat quietly by, white as marble. 'The young surgeon in Cibber-street tells me that Mrs. Evitt will be well enough to appear in court next Tuesday,' said Mr. Leopold, in conclusion. ' If she isn't, we must ask for another adjourn ment. I think you may consider that you're out of it. It would he impossible for any magistrate to commit you, in the face of this woman's evidence ; but Mr. Desrolles will have to be found all the same, and the sooner he's found the better. I shall set the police on his track immediately. Don't look so frightened, Mrs. Treverton. The only way to prove your husband's inno cence is to show that some one else is guilty. I wish you could help me with any information that would put the police on the right scent,' he added, turning to John Treverton. 'I told you yesterday that I could not help you.' ' Yes, but your manner gave me the idea that you were keeping back something. That you could — and if you would — have given me a clue.' 'Your imagination— despite the grim realism of police courts — must be very lively.' ' Ah, I see,' said Mr. Leopold, ' you mean to stick to your text. Well, this fellow must be found somehow, whether you like it or not. Your good name depends upon our getting somebody convicted,' x'Yes,' cried Laura, starting up, and speaking with sudden energy, 'my hus fcand's good name must be saved at any cost. What is this man to us, John, that we should spare him ? What is he to me that his safety should be considered before yours?' 'Bush, dearest!' said John, soothingly. 'Let Mr. Leopold fand me manage this lousiness between us.' .(To be continued.) A neat ' sell' is described in Mr. Barnum'c autobiography. He was staying at a certain hotel, when one of the group of men who were chattering together proposed tbat they should have a race to a fence some hundred yards away, and that the last man who touched it should undergo a penalty not wholly uncon nected with the purchase of champagne. Barnum declared that he could not run, he carried too much weight, and was not in train ing ; but a much more ponderous -old gentleman declared that he would try, and Barnum there fore consented also, thinking that at any rate he could beat the ** nineteen stunner.' They made a fair start, and Barnum was astonished to find himself leading, in spite of weight and bad condition. He continued to make play & length ahead, and suddenly the peculiarity of the fact that he should be beating young and active men flashed upon him. There mu9t, he felt, be a trick somewhere ; so, on reaching the rail, instead of touching it, he turned round and watched his various rivals in the race. No one else, however, touched the rail, and then the wily showman saw through the catch. If he had touched it he would have been ' the last man' to do to, as none of the rest would have put a hand upon it on any account. 