GUNNíEB>AH. Bain, rain, nothing but rain. It is coming' down as if it were never going to stop ; and we are in such a mess here as I fancy was never seen but once before, and that after the Deluge. Our road superintendent some time since commenced metalling some of our streets, and I should not wonder, after th^ mess he has made of them, if he had hot goner" mad through being haunted by the ghost of Macadam. We oan't hear anything about him-in fact he appears to have disappeared during the last fortnight, as the contractor has spent, he says, something like £2 for telegrams to him, and cannot get any replies. The last two issues of our local paper spoke very strongly upon the state of affairs, and. to-day I was shown a petition going ronnd for signature, asking Mr. Abbott, the police magistrate, to call a meeting as early as possible, " to con- sider the action of the Road Superintendent and the state of the streets." At the corner of Chandos-street and Conadilly-street there is a hole that has been left for some (at present) inconceivable purpose, which nearly swallowed up acoach andf our horses yesterday. I have been shown the copy of a letter sent to Mr. Dangar, from the Works Department, in reference to the metalling of Chandos street, which says that the street " will be metalled when the bridge is built." This is simply enough to make the petitioners swear. Passengers sink nearly to their knees in their progress up and down this street, and still we must wait perhaps a couple of years be- fore anything will be done hythe Department to improve it; while at the same time metal and labour have been thrown away on parts of the town where the streets were always good, and which have been ruined, because this model road maker has made no provision for drain- age ; and there are on each side of the metal immense quagmires and waterholes. God help us,-I am afraid the department won't. I Gunnedah, May 28th, 1879._ , KISSING -An American correspondant describes the au"e thus : The duke of Connaught, when he went _ down-«*, the yacht to meet his Prussian br'.Ji: - "~ her a frank kiss, which was loudly applaud bvtbl plebeian crowd onshore. The he kisàed hS nrn« pective mother-in-law, and there weft m0ïe cÎÏÏÏ The all young princess with herC3Ty winsonîe face, her hazel eyes and nur-bEOWfl hair misht weil it removes wrinkles and softens the skin. The regular use of MUBBAT AND LANMAN'S FJUOBXDA WATBB at the toilet tends to prevent »nd remove wrinkles, the softness of the skin produced by it taking away the natural inclination of the cuticle to. form into ridges and furrows. 9777 HOLLOW *Y'S OINTMENT AN» PILLS,-Chest and Stomach Complaints,-The source and centre of almost erery ailment is impurity of the blood; die lodge this poison, and disease departs, Holloway'i Pills exercise the inestimable power of thoroughly cleansing each component of the blood, and rendering that fluid fit to perform its important functions. They cope mest successfully with chest diseuses, stomach complaints, liver disorders, and many other maladies, which are at certain seasons the besetting' dangers of mankind in town and country. The directions for use entibie every one to regulate the - operation of these Pills with the greatest nicety. Chronic invalids, nervous sufferer;», and all whom other treatment has f Ailed to relieve, are re»p<3Ctfplly invited to Uy Holloway's ceiabrated medicine, which will strengthen and cure thsm.-Advt. No pent-up utica contracts our powere, iaiy be truly enid of one of the most invaluable peep« Uions of modern times, for ita sales ara not confinée to any particular sphere, but extend all over the quarters of the globe. Orders are constantly received from re- mote sections, and ita export constitutes one of the staples of our trade. Circulars and pamphlets expla- natory of its curative properties have been translated into all languages, and there is no portion of the werld where ÜDOLPHO WOIFS'S SCHIEDAM ARO- MATIC SCHNAPPS is not kDown and appreciated. 1997 In consequence of the immonee increase in the con- sumption often, the ctil'ure of the tea piantis rapidly extending to the moro northern districts of India and Chini, whilst Japan and J*va are also in the neld as rival producers. Although the same plant may be cultivated, the difference of soil and climate is so great as to materially change its attributes-where one district produces a distinctive flavour another produces strength ; and it is only by great discrimina« tion and judicious blending that teas combining these leading qualities are prodaced by the Oriental Tea Company, whose well- known brands are daily gain- ing favour with consumers. 1696 A PUKE SMOOTH SKIN IS A WOMANLY Charm which every individual of the gentler sex appreciates, and may, if she chooses, possess. Every variety of pimple, blotch, sore, pustule and exfoliation-and their name is legion-which disfigures the face, or arro«, or neck, may be removed by a course of BRISTOL'S SABSAPABILLA ; the most agreeable and harmless, yet the most potent of all vegetable dis- infectants, 9776 CBOSSIKG AND COX'S MUDÖHE AND GULGON» STOCK REPORT.-Pat Cattle.-Full supplies continue to come forward, and there is no prospect of improve- ment in pricas for some weeks. Best quality, 13s to 14s ; medium, 10s to 12s. We "sold-Mein's culls at £3 3s. Woods and Wild's ditto at £S 6s, Smith's at £i 4s,_Fat Sheep : Good heavy wethers are scarce, and worth 8a to 9s; medium, 0s to 6e Gd. We sold 200 (Robertson's) at 8J.-Store Stock : Very little business doing. Several enquiries for young Iwee and wethers, but cauld place « few thousand of each description at fair prices. Our sales were-68 Bradford's bullocks at £2 16s, 94 (Smith and Co» at £3, Kirk's bullocks at £3, -May 20, 