MISS DARGON AND MELBOURNE -l SOCIETY.' The following eloquent and appreciative article is taken from tho Melbourne Punch, and ib is only one of a number almost equally eloquent and appreciative which appeared in all tho Mel bourne papers : — ? 'When Miv and Mrs. Kcan came, late iu the evening of their histrionic day, to sIioav us some fading gleams of . its by gonelustre, 'society,' so soon as it had found out that our visitors had brought letters of introduction from Lord Car narvon, and other persons of distinction, flocked to tho dress-circle of the Haymarket, andgrcAV enthusiastic over even the venerable mannerisms of the inheritor of one of the greatest name3 upon the English stage- ' Society' also croAvded to witness the performance of the admirable Ristori company, although these were given in a language with which ' society' has only a nodding acquaintance. But then the successor of Rachel is a Marchesa, and her genius has extorted the homage of'crowned hcads,*and of the still higher regalities of art, literature, and science. ? 'So- ciety,' in Melbourne, is fearfully circumspect. Tho nouoeaux riclies constitute so large a per centage of it, that it is always in dread of com promising its position ; and of admiring some thing or somebody, whom or which it would be improper to admire. It doesn't know much about tho lyric or acting drama ; for its early education was somewhat neglected ; and the taste, judgment, and discrimination, which spring from innate discernment, refined culture, and habitual contact Avith persons of elegant and well-stored minds, are somewhat rare in the first generation of Victorians. Therefore it is timorous in respect to fresh candidates for its patronage ; unit, vviiuii *llij ouuii jyiuauiio uiiuiiiauiv ua, ljiu Misses Grundy exclaim to tho old lady : — ' Do you think it Avould be the correct tiling to go and see So-and-so, mania ? Are you sure it Avould be quito comma it faut, and altogether scion les regies ?' (for the Grundys rather affect French.) And Mrs. Grundy majestically replies, ' No, my dears ; not at present. Wait and see. It would be quite too aAvful if wo were to «o and be very muck pleased Avith So-and-so, and it; Avere to turn out afterwards that all tho people in our set; disapproved of that artiste.' And accordingly the Grundys refrain from visiting the theatre or the opera-house until they feel that they can do so without the risk of making a, critical faux pcs. This, avo take it, is the ex planation of the generally deserted appearance presented by the Theatre Royal dress-circle, during tho three weeks' engagement; of Miss Dargon, except on the night Avhen the Governor Avas present. Every other part of the house Avas Avell filled, and its occupants testified by their hushed attention, their vivid emotions, their vehement plaudits, and their silent tears, their sympathetic appreciation of the genius of the actress. For she is a Avoman of genius, endowed by nature Avith that nervous and sensitive tem perament, Avhicli is at once the prerogative- and tho penalty of the nobilities c£ intellect ; quick to ff-p]. Irnnu to nm-eeive. and awifl; to internvet tho infinite varieties of human passion. It; Avas of such natures that the poet of all time Avrote that pregnant passage : — Spirits arc not finely touched But to iiuo issues ; nor nature never lends The smallest scruple of her excellence ; But, like (i thrifty goddess she dotei'inhiCN Herself tho jjlory of a creditor Both thanks' iind use.| And, deriving her inspiration from Nature, Miss Dargon is leal and faithful to tho bona dea. Here is the acting of impulse, but of impulse controlled, regulated and restrained by a severe judgment. Her conception of five out of the six characters she played during her short engagement is her OAvn. It OAves nothing to other actresses. She seems, in Queen Mary and in Queen Katherine, for example, to obliterate her oavh identity, and \ o take on that of the personage she represents. Tho emotions, of Avhich she is tho exponent, are not pourtrayed ; they arc undergone. It is not a play ; but a reality. The struggle, the suffering, ancl the endurance are, for the time lining, her own. ' Do you,' asked Lady Morgan of the grandest Norma that ever trod tho boards, 'transport yourself into your part?' ' Oui,' was the reply of Pasta, ' apres les 2--'cmieres I if/ lies. Je commence toujours en G-iudilla Cmon nom) mats je finis toujours en Medea on Norma.' Miss Dargon begins as Avell as ends in the characters of Deborah, Mary, Katherine, and Isabel Vane. And tho intensity of her acting is not less remarkable than its originality. Like Mrs. Siddons, she seems never to be thinking of her audience ; and they gratefully repay her, as Avas said of that lady's admirers, ' by thinking, Avhero she is, of nothing but herself.' This is, perhaps, one of tho most conclusvie tests of an actor or actress's poAver — to absorb attention, to make you regret Avhen the character depicted is absent from the scene, and to cause you to be impatient for his or her return. After Avitness ing Miss Dargon'o performances in Q.uecn Mary and in Henry the Eighth, the spectator feels that the two unhappy queens have ceased to bo his torical names, and.haAro become living realities ; just as the generation that is passing away Avero brought face to face with Predro by Rachel, and Avith Desdomona by Malibran ; and just as avo seem to know Elizabeth of England and Marie Antoinette so well, through tho instrumentality of llistori. The magnanimity, the simple dignity, the saintly resignation, the patient forti tude, the Avronged affection, the sincere piety, tho mental suffering, and tho mournful self-compassion of Katherine of Arragon, are e:-:-. lribite.d, not with consummate art, but with feminine insight and apprehensive sympathy. A woman's feelings are analysed by the aid of a woman's intuitions ; and these reveal to us traits of character, nuances of feeling, and shades of emotion, such as would elude the scalpel of mas culine dissection. And so with Mary Tudor. Froudc's description of the ' folorn hours Avhen sho would sit on the ground with her knees draAvn to her face ;' and of ' the restless days and nights Avhen, like a ghost, she Avould Avander about tho palace galleries, rousing herself only to write tear- blotted letters to her husband j' re quires to bo illustrated, as it was by Miss Dargon, 6n the. stage, in order to enable us to affirm the justice of his remark, that; these things leave little room for other feelings than those of pity towards the wretched queen. To have Been this gifted actress in the two characters avo have just named is to extend our knowledge of history, and to place two portraits in the picture gallery of our memory which will remain there while remembrance lasts. 