Polie Court.— Thoro werenp eases for trial: on Saturday last, tbe chargo shoot boing a' blank. i Hot and Cold. — It is not, perhaps, very: singular, that tho Viotorian" papers blow: hot ' and cold, and say to-day exaotly contrary, to what tlioy earn yesterday. Tho political position is so strange ; tho Legislative firma. mont varies so muoh; popular opinion has so many phases and is bo kaloidiseopic, that it is perfectly impossible for a journalist. who lives by his paper to bo consistent. An oxamplo of this any-sido principle was exhibited latooy in tho Leader (which by-the-bye hasn't Berry on tho brain, so strong bb> it had). Wo quote tho following from its columns : — " Mr. Graham Borry,- tho Premier of Viotoria,. speaking at a dinner given tho other oveniug by tho Speot- ' ado-makers' Company, said that he wns on a miBsion to this ooun try (England) for the purpose of ob taining an alteration in the colonial Consti tution whioh would prevent tho recurrence of tho rooent finanoial doadlook, consequent upon tho aotion of tho Uppor Chamber. Ha com plained that colonial questions, howevor im portant, did nor reooiva adequate attention on i tho part of tho homo authorities ; but ex- picssod his opinion, founded npon his sound ings of public opiuiou in this oountry, that the domande of tho colonists would be aonoodod aliko by Conservatives and Liberals." This romark is, of aourse, endorsed by tho Leader — and yot no paper has over exprcasod so muoh indignation when tho English Government or auy portion of it lias interfered with Vio torian affairs. When the Soorotary of tho Colonics oven hinted at disappobation ; mad suggestious or pointod to misohovions inno vations, tho bristles of tho Leader sprang up liko " qnills npon tho fretful poroupino," Tlia_ intorforonco ; was importiuout and offonsivo The Victorians knew how to toko euro of thomsolves and wonld not bo dictated to even by Father Potcr himsolf. And now tho oom- plaint iB that " colonial questions howevor important, do not roooivo adequate attention on tho part of the homo authorities." Wo may fairly conolude that tbo opinion was ar rived at, because Sir Miohaol Hloks-Dcaoli would not listen to Mr. Berry, but, civilly dis missed him ; advising him to bo a good boy for tho futnro, and promising him that if' Littlo Pcddliugton could not sottlo its paroohial business, ho would aot the part of mediator. Wo uro no admirors of Mr. Berry, but wo roally pity his position, whon ho was patted ou- tho head, and told to go . homo, with a " pen. north of lollies in his pooket," Beatrr Royal.— On Saturday ovoning, the onrlin drew up on a good house to weloomc Mis Stephenson, in bor ohoraotor of Lady Aulov. 'VVo have so often had oooaslon to spek of ' tho admiMbli manner iu whioh tlffi oxceodlugly Jiffloult part is sustained thr aghout, by »n aotross, who is a porfeotmis troa of her prt, and who is ablo, without ap- pnrmt offurt, to pourtrny tho vorious passionr whiih agitato -by turns, aud with extreme rapitity, n woman bo plaood as Lady Audly— that it is not nooossary to say more than thai Miss (Utephenson cquallod, if sho did not sur. pima.j, hor former representations, and was wa'rmlv annlauded throughout. Miss Fanny Kegois.. as Alioia Audloy, and Miss Patty. Holt, ns Pioobo Marks, acquitted themselves very orodi'ubly; and Mr, J. A. Patterson (Sir MiclUol Audloy), Mr. T. O. Mortyno (Robert Audliy), Mr. A. R; Clinton (George Talboys), playol well aud oarofally; while Mr. F. Wills surprised us by tho lifo-Uke piotureho gave of Luke Marks— a charaoter which re- quirosgroat taot and judgmont to oonoeivo and to sutuin. Tho uftor pieoo, " Blaok Eyed Susau" required tho wholo strength of the oompmy ; und tho . favorito drama wbb very ably ilayod throughout. Miss Clara Stephen eon wis Susan to tho lifo — tho simplo minded, warmhearted heroino, of humblo lifo, wbb truo b nature, and her pathos touohing in the extrono. Sho sans " Blaok Evod Buean" with gioat Wta and feeling, and was oheero 1 to the ooho. Mr, J. Hoaford was an exoellent William, and/lr. T. O. Mortyno's Captain Oroastreo, olover and spirited. Mr. J. -J. Kennedy, as Guattrain, and Mr. T. O'Btion, as Jaoob Twig, kept tho hoaso; in ,a roar of laughter ; while the scenery and mcohanioal arrange. montB, by Mr. K. Douglass, wore magnifioent, and balled forth repeated aoolamations. No drama haB I eon bottor played, hotter pluood on tho stBgo, or moro onthusiastioally reoeived, this season than " Blaok Eyed Susan," and tho management should reproduce it. To-night Dion Bouoioault's play, " Uotoroon," witn an entirely new 5th not, introdnoiug tho Jubilee OhoruB, School of Arts. — Tho " Ghost," or rather the " Ghosts,'' uttruoted a good houso on Saturday aftornoon, und a orowdod ono in tho evening. In both iustanoes, the andianoo appearing to bo as muoh startled —and amused as was Tarn Q'Shantor, whon lio saw tho witohos danae in tho. kirk yard— thoir bravos being as spon taneous and loud as was Tain's applause at the woudorful porformunaoB of " Cuttio Sark," Tho ballad, " Wo Partod by tho River," was oharmingly warblod by Miss Rosa; and Mr. Dowub' '! Good Jija Sweetheart" was pleas ingly rondared. Tho cntortainmodt oontinues to ho'ioxiremoly attraotiva, and has takon, if wo may asy, the Rookbamptonitos on tho hop. : The Imjoorants. — Tho stonm tonder Fiizroy, whioh loft tho wharf on)Friduy night for the purposo of bringing up tho passengors from tho Scottish LaBsia, returnod . about 3 o'olock on Snturday afternoon, with tho Health Officer and tho representative of tho agoots (Mossrs, Walter Rold and Co.). It apponrs that rilore hud boon a aaso of typhoid fovor on board abont a fortnight before tho arrival of tliq vosboI, hut all traaos of tho disoaso had die. appeared before sho reached Keppol Bay. However, tho Health'Offioo doomed it advisable undor tho ciroamstuneeB tp .ordor. the vessel into qaarantino, and thoyBaocordingly romaia in tho Bay for the presont. CnioKET, — Tho match between tho Rook hampton . and Fitzroy Criokot Clubs was rosumod and oouoludod on Saturday last, and resulted in a victory for the former olnb by 104, Tho following aro tho scores;— Rookhampton Club, first iuuings, 86 ; 'second innings : M. noi.?f1lX-iVAS9Jg; dPouRieiB, fO-'a? J. Haswell, c Maync, b Crow, 2; F. Milford, b Crow, 1 ; G. Boldeman, b Crow, 14 ; 0. Bowman o Maync, b Smallwood, 34 ; F. Boldeman, b . Crow 0 ; H. Boldeman, o Smallwood, b Bart- lcm, 4 ; T. S. Hall (Captain), o Cheshire, b Smallwood, '12 ;';W. J. Anthony, not oat, 8; sundries, 18; grand totnl, 183. Fitzroy Club, first innings, 3G ; second innings ; J. Yates, b H. Boldeman, 2 ; D. Mayne (captain) o Anthony, b G. Boldouan, 22 ; J. Bartlem, b F. Boldeman, 0 ; A. Crow, b F. Boldeman 7 ; H. Fitzmauriao, lbw, b F. Boldoman, 0; F, Cheshire, o Faunoo, b F. Boldoman, 0 ; J. B, Mills, run out, 0 ; G. B. Jones, b G. Boldoman, 6 ; J. Kelly, b. F. Boldeman, 1 ; F. Smith, o and b G. Boldeman, 1 ; J. Smallwood, not out, 0 ; sundrios, 5 ; grand total, 79, New Stook. — We have . . to report the arirval of a nnmbor of yoang bullp lately purchased by Messrs. Button and Christian for their Canal Crook station. The animals, : eight in number, wore ahoeen front aoraoof'tho'boststudsiu'N.'S. Wales by'Mri W. Ohriatian, aud speak woll for his' taste and judgemnt. It is enoouraging ' to find in thoeo . dull timos, wheu tho oUtlo market is so depressed, that amongst our graziers we have men with enterprise and pluak, who continue tho improvomont of their herds undor suoh disadvantageous airoametan. cos. Wo give tho pedigrees of three of the bulls. The hull first on tho list, Viscount, has not yet arrived ; it is to be hoped ho will bo here in time for our show. Ho took first prize in the yearling olusa at the last Sydnoy Exhibition.' Visoonnt, Horoford bull, bred by J. T. Junor, Esq., Morpeth ; got by Birthday, dam JeSBio by Sir Heroulos, g. dam by Garabaldi, (imp.), JosBio bred by G. Loder, Esq. Rod Rover, Devon bull, two years old, bred by R, Wyand- hnm, Esq., Dalwood ; got by Prinoo of Wales (imp.), darn Miss Nellie by Duke of Flitton, g. dam Lady Queen, imp, from Tasmania. This bull took second prizo in his olass last Synoy Exhibition. Pro tender, Devon bull, 11 months old, bred by J. T. Junor, Esq., Morpeth ; got by Selector, dam Nina by Emigrant, g. dam Beauty by Duko of Flitton. The podigrees of :tho other' five are not yet to hand, but wo understand thoy aro all equally well-bred. New Stock for the West. — To no olass of men is the colony so muoh indebted for its program us tho pionoor squatter, and few have shown moro energy and cntorpriso than Mr. Willium Tozer, who pushed ou to the Thompson some Boven yeurs sineo with sheep and oaitlo, and in fnet was the first to opon that eouutry. Ho is now looated at Delta station, Alioo Downs, and is importing a large number of choice' thoroughbred und draught entires and maros, a» woll as pure bulls, oows, and sheopi seleotcd, wo understand, chiefly from his futber'e studs, which stand 41 in Viotoria. . By tbo Keiluwnrru urrivod a magnifioent thorough bred ahostnut colt, bred by Samuol Gardnor Esq., of Cholswortli, Viotoria. Ho was got by Tho Peer (imp.), own brother to MurohionoBs, out of Minnie Warron, by Stookownor (imp.) out of Tricolor, by Tho Prmuiur (Imp.) out o1 Nora Croinn, by 'ir Edward Oodringtou, &o; (boo Viotoria stud book). King of tho North is a grand, two year old, with grout propelling powers, woll ribbod up, an immonsoly strong in tho loins and baok. Whon ho arrives at his primo ho will ho ono of the finost horses in the colony. Also a draugh two yoar old by Drayman (imp.)— a good stamp of horse, whose stock will bo just tho thing for farm purposes, Aisd'tho Duka.of Bariwidgoo, a whito short-horn tml(, two' yonrs old, an'1 brod by Joseph W aro, Etq,,v df 'Minjoh''E«iltc ,:5 Viotoria, ' .He was got by PugAhini '(linp.j .oul ; of Jessie, ' by)' Jason (imp,) , Also;' sixty-tWi' pure morlnoewes and rains ; the former breb) tbo Carnmnt -Estato, Viotoria, and tbo latto; bred by ThomaB Bowling and Sons, of thi Jellnlabad Estate, Yiotoflh...: Thite shoep'havc . bscu osrefully solootod to suit tho Quoonslanc! ollmate. Tho 'faot of thoir being from tho aboye fiooks. 1s a sufficient, guaronteo for their quality ; nnd as thoy are .olosely relatod to Sir Thomas, tho urent Taainnnisn rum, thov ought to produoe something good, with the aid, of our fine Western oountry. The sheep are now in quarantine, .nud will be roloaBed in a woek. The horses may be' seen in the Mossrs. Rutber: ford's well-appointed yards, East street. Mr. Tozer/has also oomiog over-land from yiotorid ten' thoroughbred maros, ' 'got"' liy the well-knowa horses'' Paulo, Fatriaroh, Argns Soandal, Vagabond, King Colo,' Kingdom! Betbnal Green, Ao. Also forty purebred, oowai from ohoioa Viotorian stud's. All the above are for stud purposes; We are glad to find thut Mr, Tozer is wiser in. his generation than most of onr breeders, forho is importing mares and oows, of the very bosl stamp; 'and not confinini;' his attention, as'hss hitherto hben tho fashion hero to male stock ; a mistake we have frequently pointed ont. The introduction of tbe above- mentioned imports will bo a great and valuable addition to our West oountry studs, and is an example of tho forethought and spirit of Mr. Tozer, npon whioh wo have highly tooongratu- ' late him. , ,-1 Dismissals. — There is also another phaso of this question ; tho majority of tho men wore workman who oamo to the colony with the higboBt testimonials. Aocording to Mr. Mao- rossan's statomont thoy were " loafers and in vvuiyvtuuvi auu ia luujf tv IUU vuuvt oolonios to apply for cmploymont, and say thoy oamo from Queensland, what will bo tho answor?, "Oh! you aro .the loufors dis charged from tho Queensland Railway Work shops." Wo have said that tho men oamo to tho oolony wiih a ohoraotor, and this cannot bo doniod, and to disohargo thorn in tbo way thoy have boon discharged, as " loafors and incompetent," when, on tho oontrary, thoy huvo always been oflloient and oompct nt work men, never having hnd any complaint made against them, is an net of the grossost in- justioo. This is an additional reason why, for the credit of thoso men, (tho papers in - con neotion with their discharge should be placed before Parliament, - „ Mb. .Pring, — Commencing from Mr. Fringe' Speech tho Ipswich Observer says ;— Wo ore foroijily romindod of - tho priuoiplos of Pen dloton, tho. Vioar of Bray, " And this is law, I will maintain ) Unto my dying day, sir ; That whatsoever King shall roign " , I'll bo Vioar of Bray, sir," Mr. Pring would simply alter tho last two linos to— ' ' " Whatsovor eido's in powor I'll bo Attornoy-Gonoral," It would bo preposterous nonsense to eredit him with any political' prinoiplos, or being aotunted by any regard for his own or any other electorate, or by any ..higher purpose than that to his own personal aggrandiBomont. He has beon alternately Liboral nnd Con servative, all things for all purposes, and now haB the unblushing audaoity 1 to talk to tho V alloy electors as if thoy wore fools and ohildron, and toll them tho presont Ministry is tho ablost ho has over sat bobind, and tho truo friends of tho workro'ou and tho country. If tho otlior sido of the llonse had offered him fairer prospects, ho would have been In opposi tion,. .and fioroely denouncing tho Ministry GunreS ZOi \Varli as uie mombor of a Ministry who havo proved themselves as unreliable as he is, a Ministry who, while in opposition wore load in their professions of the bonoflts thoy would confer on tho oolony if only afforded tho opportunity, Thoy were going to undertake a aomplote Bystom of publio works, aud thus afford employment to thousands of workmen, to introduco bills to stop Kanaka labour and restrain Chinese ; in'faot, there was to he no end to the glories of their polioy and1 the magnificenoe of their intentions. But lo ! thoy were transferred to the Treasury bonohi'S with a eompaot aud obediont majority uud lo I the wholo Bceno ohanges. . ' A Famous Oardm, ayer.— A lady of rank in Paris died recently, in tho fnskionabld ' quarter of the Aro do Tnomphc; of whom an interest ing etory is' told. Sho was a famous card- player, and was credited with knowiug every game thorb was to know. When travelling in a foreign land she mot, ono' day in an hotol, a Russian lady with that passion for gambling said to he inherent iu tho 'Russian nation. Anxious to play with the lady from. Paris, sho wrote .requesting a few gomes, Hor request was granted, and tho ladies . played all night) the Russian losing at ovary hand until her opponent had won from hor moro money than the mines in tho Ural had produced for her revenuo in twonty-fivo years. At last tho Russiau lady mndo n 'despairing offort to re gain her fort u no but without avail. Risiug from tho table, sho told tho Fronok lady how she had lost more than she possessed, but that jn her desire to pay ii debt of honor she wonld instraot hor stuwm' l. to' convey to hor tho- title doeds of nil (hi! mines uud estates that she owned. At this the victorious antagonist smiled nnd requested that she might havo her own way in tho mutter siuco she had won. A priest and a'lawyar wero sent for. When thoy arrived, tho Russian lady was- asked to bind herself by a solemn oath nevor again to touoh a card or risk monoy at any gamo of chanco. She did so, and then signed an engagement to pay her antagonist tho annual, sum of 2000dol. The vow never to play cards for monoy again sho faithfully kept, und tho 2000dol. was puid punatunlly evory year, tho Frenoh lady giving it tho namo of the " Queou of Spades bounty," aud invariably giving it to the poor of Paris.— New York Herald. Christian Russia.— A dreadful revelation' bos been mndo at Kharkoff. Tho ohaplain of the Control ,1'rison, in whioh Fomineer, tho Nihilist leador, wob roeontly confined, has made on assertion that out of 600 prisoners in the cells, 200 diud daring tho lust four months, of "disease." Tho correspondent who sends me this intelligence says there in . .not tho faintest duubc as to its uoeuraoy, as tho chaplain ib a very pious man, and his word whtlly reliable. It was ho who— maddoned at tho sight of prisoners dying ef " disease" at tho rate of 60 a month— conveyed a petition to tho Emperor on the matter, and caused thereby tho appointment of a Special Com mission. Tho ohupluiu plaooa - tho -word " diBoaso" in italics, but it is generally believed that lnuiiy havo beon starved or beaten to death. Tho Nihilist eoinmitteo, as is. woll known, oondomnod Kraykino. to doatli for his savage troutmhnt towards tho inmutcs of this prison, and thoro is no doubt but that for his \- assassination the sumo state of tilings might havo gouo on for years. As an illustration of tho manner in which somo' of tho gaols aro boing oouduoied in Russia, I may mention that tho oily prison ut Moscow, which was con structed for only 1,000 orimiuuls, oontuincd no fowor than 2,136 on tho 1st of March. Tho iinmonso number of arrests that havo takou placo all over Rusaiu of lato have ovarorowded ovory plaoo of detention, uud both ut. Kharkoff and Odessa tho authorities havo had . to hiro prison buildings aud convort them into uuxil- I lary, gaols. r | The Poon Blacks.— Wo loam that a detach i 'iRMif MelWUvo troopers un lor Buh- Iuspootor I Cart ) is ordered to patrol this portion of tlm I distriot uutil tho blanks roraovo from it. Thi order, emanating from Inspcotor Stnnrt;:iii4 boon as compared with tho absurd flying visits formerly mndo, and will certainly bo ' tlr moans of giving oonfidonoo to tbo many partie working in the scrub nud othor parts of th ' irasii, and". Monro to them rationa and'property which undor existing oiroumHtnncos aro hobb- to bo takon nway at any moment, 'i'ravollor- will also be purtinlly guaranteed for a safe journoy, within a certain limit. -Wo holiovo n similar corps will patrol tho Port Douglas road. A small mob Of Hovou or eight blacks woro nn- .Ifetnn/visirnrl tlinlt Klinflflv'l: UUrUlUUlilUUnlj uini»|jpuiiituii a/ vuun dirinor on tho 13th Inst. Robort Gordon nnd his mnto aro engaged just at tho roar of thi Chiuamon's gardens, and tho luttor wob sur prised at seeing ono of tho homos rush madly into tlio camp. It nns. soon discovered that tho poor animal had bton speared and the blaoks quito oloso. Thoy had sneaked up to the loonlity, aud had tho horse boon ouught or taken another routo, it is not improbable that Gordon's' mnto would have beon attacked and tho plaoo robbed. Fortunately' howover, ho wbb timoly .warned by tlio horso, and managed to get rid of tho darkios iu tho ubuoI '"and only ' offootl vo ' porsuaBivo mannor. Tho blaoks loft behind thom a spear, five inehosi of whioh woro oxtrnoted from (ho homo's ribs. MrE. Rhode, lato of this offioo, loft town on Monday tnornihg, en route for Port Douglas, riding a maro nocompnnlod by hor fonl Whilo nrnaiiinu thn Rnrrnn nfc Qallowav's ho hnnncnod to henr a whiz nonr him, and on looking round peroeived that tho blaoks wore throwing epoars at tho fonl which hod driftod with tho ourrent a short distnnoo down tho stroam. Mr. Rhode nlso saw a' darkoy npon an nsoent opposito him, ho fired, and tho blacks — somo throe or four — wont 'off. Mr Rhodo prudently returned to town, proforring tho steamor to nnothor ren- contre with tho Bavagos .—Cairns Advertiser. Amerioan Tea, — Ovor fifty thousand ton plants havo (says tho fkientific American) boon distributed lately in the middlo and Southorn States, by tho Bureau of Agriculture. Iu throe or fonr years those plants will bo largo enough to permit a fall picking of tho Ieavos. Experi ments havo been made with tea leavoB grown in tho grouuds of tho- department and in tho South, after Jnnan methods, the nroduct being pronouncod an oxoollont Oolong by denlors and exports, Tho only presont obstaolo to the proront cultivation of tea in this country on a large sonlo is tho amount of hand labor required in curing tbe luuvos. Tho Goinmis- sioncr is confident that Amorioan ingenuity can produoe mackinory by moans of whioh tire preparation of tho lonvos inay bo effcoted bottor and ohonper than is possiblo ovon with " Chinese ohoap labor." Thoro is no good reason why any family having a garden plot in the Southern and middlo portions of the United States should not produce with littlo trouble all tho ton noeded for homo consump tion. rWlinro could tho ten nlnnt bo moro profitably grown than in Queensland. — Ed. N. A. 1 i A Queer Team. — A traveller iti tho Western Distriot was atrnok by tho absonco of tho usual tosselated languago of a bullook driver, in tbo oasa 'of a man on tho road with a small team, whioh bo thus apostrophised : " Coma hither, Baptist I Wlin-o-a Presbyterian." Tho modo of address soomed so strange to tbo travollor that ho naked him how tlioBc titlos wero applioablo to a bullook toum. " Wall, sir, you soo," said ho, " I calls this the 'olosinstioal team. You sco thut bullock on tbo off aide loading ? I oall him Baptist, We'll bo crossing tho oreok presently, nnd lio'll bo bound to make for tlio wnter. Tbat ono on tho noar sido, ho'b 'Pisoopalian, 'ouubo he holds his head bo worry high. That bullook on tho elf Bide of tho polo, tho ono with tho orumplod horn, I calls him Presbyterian, lie is tho most out- aud-out knowing bullook of tbo lot. Tbe briudld in tho same yoko with him, he's Was- loyan. He's always u grauting and a groan ing as if ho wns drugging tho wbolo load. BIosh your lifo, sir, he's not pulling an ouueo."— -Ale- aminer. 