THE GAWLER STRIKE. MEETING AT THE TOWN HALL. A public meeting convened "by the Mayor in wyly to a requisition was held at the Titwn Sail on Monday evening, March 10, " So consider the question of lengthening the hoars of labour as attempted at Gawler."- There was a -crowded attendance, principally of working men, both in the body of the tall and the gallery, a large number not being able to obtain ^The Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. W. C. Buik, having been voted to the chair-, Mr. J. M. STACY asked if the 139 signatuxes to the requisition were tl .ose of legitimate ratepayers. The CHAIRMAN said he had handed the signatures to the Town Clerk for verification and be believed he was perfectly satisfied thvt they were genuine signatures. (Applause.) He then west oh to express his pleasure at seeing so many present, and his' hope that order would be maintained. _ He had been at some meetings where a fair hearing was not accorded to all the speakers ; but they were not composed entirely of working men. 'He had never had to call in a policeman. He looked upon the working men, who were so desirous 01 fair play, as being the true gentlemen in these cases, and they seldom or ever had to complain of unfairness at their meetings. (Hear hear.) When he was elected Mayor he stated that he was and always had been -in favour of the eight-hours system, and it was a matter of great regret to him to find that a jarring had taken place between the employers and the employed. He trusted that this state of things would soon end, for strikes&lways; involved a large amount of suffering to both employers and employed. In the old country a great deal of difficulty and trouble had resulted from strikes. On the abstract principle, he thought strikes were wrong; but on all great questions all persons who were engaged in labour must show which side they were on, and endeavour as far as possible with calmness and without any attempt at persecution to carry out what they believed to be right. (Hear, hear.) He then called on Mr. Summerton to give an account of the Gawler strike. Councillor JONES said he would like to know whether Mr. Summerton was a ratepayer of Adelaide or not. (Cries of "What's that to do with it?" "Sit down," " Public meeting," " Shut up," anil uproar.) The CHAIRMAN said the wording of the requisition was " all interested," and therefore any one could speak. (Applause.) Mr. STJMMEETON, who was received with much applause, then detailed the circumstances which had led to the strike of the men at Messrs. Martin & Co.'s establishment. He mentioned the suggestions which the men had made to avoid it, amongst others offering to work nine hours, one to be considered as overtime, and to be paid the same as they had received for eight hours. They wanted to work nine hours foeight hours' pay, but their employers were not agreeable to that, which showed that their determination was to break down the eight-hours system. The men determined to maintain it at any cost, and the principle on which they struck was the eight hours pure and simple without any proviso as to wages. (Applause.) Messrs. Martk. and Co. had got the other employers, with one exception, to join them, and now there were the employes of four different shops oat of work, and he thought likely to be so for some time to come. Since the strike the men had sent in other suggestions, one of which was considered a piece of impudence on their part. But it was done by the men on strike in goad faith, avoiding in every respect anything not respectful to their employers. (Hear, hear.) Every man who was out on strike deemed it his duty to treat his employers as gentlemen in every way according to the letter of the law. He felt just as much justified in raising his hat to Mr. Martin or any member of the firm now as ever he did. He had no ill-feeling towards them. They believed that they were fighting for their rights, and the working men believed that they were fighting for their rights, and they intended to stand to the eight hours whether they gained it or no. (Cries of " We will win.") As the matter stood in Gawler now he believed that the crisis was as far distant now as it was the day they struck work for he did not tee any movement yet which was likely to bring about an amicable settlement between the employers and the employed. H- wonld be .very glad to see a settlement tomorrow. He was tired of it. He never believed in strikes. He had been in one or two, and he had aiways found both sides had had to suffeieeverely; but there was never a battle fought on this earth but both sides were bound to lost some of their men. (Applause.) This was a battle between employers and employes—between capital and labour; the question whether the working men would give way or stand their ground. If they gavj way their liberty was lost, the eight-hours system was gone. (Cheers.) He believed every working man felt that his honour would be gone if the eight hours was plucked oat of his hands, and he would say to their fellow working men in the city who had so kindly helped them in their struggle, and had provided means for carrying on the struggle, "We are prepared in your hands to fight the battle." (Great cheering and one dissentient voice, the owner of which was greeted with cries of " Pat him oat.") There were some, he believed, under a great mistake as to the meaning and object of their placing pickets in Gawler. of course they considered amongst themselves that while the employers of Gawler were seeking to get men from other parts of the colony to work for them the men on strike were justified in using all fair means to keep them from succeeding, and they had a perfect light to do so. (Hear, hear.) he was sure there had never been one case since the strike where any threat had been used, or force of any description. They told men, "If you do not like to accept our terms go to work;" but they did not threaten or intimidate them in any way—they left them to themselves. He did not think any man they bad persuaded yet but was perfectly satisfied with the terms he had received at the hands of the Gawler men. The pickets simply asked men if they were seeking employment, and if they said they were they were sent to the Committee, who dealt with them. They made their offers, and if they could get them employment elsewhere they paid their fares, but they never treated them in an ungentlemanly manner, and he'did not think a single charge could be made of anything discreditable having been done by a man on picket duty at Gawler. Whatever might be done or said they felt at Gawler that it was their daty to protect the interests of the working men, and that if they gave way they would very possibly lose the great object for which they were now fighting. (Mash applause.) Mr. Leaks proposed the first resolution a- follows:— That this meeting is of opinion tha ; the attempt 41 of Messrs. Martin & Co. to infringe 1 the eight-hours system is injudicious, and has a tendency to injure the well-being of the community." He said he was pleased to see the Matfir fccupying the chair, and for his ex- ,— -r- " - towards the working men 1 g y s w o m a ^ y ? if a collision between Messrs. Martin & Co. «uu their men could have been avoided. Every provision was made in the rules of the Trades Societies to avoid collisions of the kind; but in the present instance the men in their own interests had to take the stand they had done. He thought it probable that Messrs. Martin and Co. before long would find out that their action was injudicious. The weakest party would, of course, have to go to the wall, but he believed that the working men were strong enough to stand out for a long time, and he had no fear if they stood ont bat that the issue would he favourable to themselves. (Hear, hear.) He looked upon the action of Martin & Co. as injudicious because as yet they had offered no reasonable solution of the difficulty. Their only desire had bees to break through the eighthours system. The working men had already made concessions to them, and he knew that there were many who thought that the Gawler Committee had made too many concessions. The men had worked down to the bone of the matter, and therefore Martia & Co. could not expect any farther concessions from them. His opinion was that if the working men had taken universal action to prevent the injudicious stream of immigration to the colony Martin and Co. would not have taken the action they had done. (Loud applause.) He was glad to notice that the Government had opened their eyes to the fact that this overflow of immigrants was acting to the injury of the working classes. It was satisfactory to the men to know that they had abundant sympathy throughout the colony, and he felt sore if other employers followed Martin & Co.'s action there would still be suffisient practical sympathy shown to the men to meet the emergency. (Hear, hear.) The working men of South Australia had recently assisted the workmen of other colonies; and he was sure that if the men here wanted any assistance in return all they b*d to do was to send a telegram to that effect and it would be given freely. (Hear, hear) The eight-hours system had worked very well tip to the present time. It, seemed quite inconsistent to say that it had not douc so. The colony was never in a more prosperous condition than it had been since the system came into eration, apd masters and men had never worked so amicably together before. It had been sard that men were coming to the colony who woeid willingly work sine hoars,-but he questioned whether aDy of them would be found to do FO, much- less the majority of them. (Hear, hear.) He had found that the tew chums were the readiest to stick out for the rights of labour. (Hear, hear.) Immigrants with whom he had conversed had told him that they had been induced to come to the colony through the circulation of glittering statements as to the easiness with which money could be made here ; they were almost told, in fact, that they could make fortunes without working for them. (Laughter.) They said they could do better at home. He advocated the stopping of the overtime system, which was injurious to the working men. There were times when it was essentially necessary that the men should work overtime, but, as a system, they should not encourage it. He thought it unfair for Messrs. Martin & Co. to go to the men and say because they had lost through speculations the men should suffer in consequence. It was said—and unfortunately it was only too true—that men were in the habit of working at home after they left their masters' employ. He had heard of men who had taken contracts to the injury of their employers. This was not right and should be avoided. Then the men would obtain the sympathies of their employers and they would uphold the system they so dearly loved and so tenaciously hung-to. (Applause.) To make a retrograde movement upon a question of this kind was against all reason, and he did not think employers would expect them to do so. Let them rather give to their children a better state of things than they had found. (Applause.) It had even been admitted by Messrs. Martin & Co. that eight hours' work per day was sufficient to supply the wants of the colony. It so let them stick to it. He felt proud of the way the men on strike had conducted themselves, and he hoped that the working men of the colony would go into the matter in a thorough way, so that on this occasion, they would end this great struggle. (Applause). He moved the resolution. Mr. H. FBAEEB, M.P., rose to second the resolution amid loud applause. He did so because he believed that the eight-hours system was a good system and had done an infinite amount of good to the working man, to the employer, and to the general public. (Cheers.) He could not follow the last speaker in 'all his details, as the last speaker spoke as a working man, bat he spoke as a man of Parliament; bat there was no person to whom he would give way in the sympathy which he entertained for the system. (Cheers.) There were many false impressions about the old system and the new, and he thought it well that he should say something about them. Some years ago he was one of those who met for the purpose of shortening the hours of labour and raising the rate of wages. Under the system that then obtained a man who lived two miles from his work had to rise at half-past 5 o'clock, and did not get home again till 7 o'clock at night, being barely time to get into the bosem of his family and glance at the Express or the Journal before he had to go to bed. (Cheers.) That system obtained for eight months of the year, and during four winter months the system was the same as at present; but the employers, he noticed, paid the same wages for the forty-eight hours per week that they did for the fifty-three and a half hours. The concession from the longer hours to the present was not a great one, and not nearly what many people thought it, as it just amounted to half 5 an hour and seven minutes per day, or three hours and forty minutes per week. (Cheers.) And he maintained that the man who worked eight hours per day all the week had done as much ss God ever intended him to do. (Loud cheers.) While he did not wish to refer to the Gawler employers at all, he thought every one who looked into the matter would see that the system conferred great benefits on the community, and was a very small concession on the old system. Its effect was not so much to shorten the hours of labour as to rearrange them in such a way that the man who before was all his time engaged had every evening to himself to improve his mind or attend to the educatien of his family. la this matter he considered that he had a perfect right to speak from both points of view, because he was there both as a member of Parliament and ag an employer of labour. He would say, then, that a great number of working man did not work forty-eight hours per week for their employers, and he thought it was tbe duty of every man under the system to do that except in case of emergency, when he would be prevented. (Cheers.) He knew that a great many of tbe working men were careless in this respect, and that many of his men had not worked six months in the year for some years. (Cheers.) Fair play was bonnie play, and many persons had to pay large rents for' places of business, and had only a certain number of anvils and other things for the men to use, and when these were idle the employer lost by it. (Cheers.) It was a man's duty to supply himself with fair working tools, to keep himself sober—while he would not deny him his occasional pint of beer—to feed himself well, to clothe himself decently, and to work for his employer for forty-eight hours in the week, and when he had done that he could go to him on Saturday night and fairly demand his wages. (Applause.) Then if he might be allowed to give them a hint, he would suggest that the best means of spending their evenings was uot to go to the Parade Ground to carry abaut a rifle, because those who had eight hoars' work had plenty of muscular exertion for one day •—(Cheers.)—but the best recreation a man could have who worked bard during the day was in a book or a game of drafts, or some other such game in a well-organized Club. And it was quite possible for the working men to have such Clubs. (Cheers.) There were plenty of philanthropists about to help them, and the Govewiment of the country, he was sure, would be only too glad to meet them half-way if there appeared to be a movement for their establishment. He looked upon this strike at Gawler as a great joke, for surely no one expected that tbey would get back to things as they were. He had pointed out what all the difference was between the hoars of the new and the old systems ; and was it to be supposed that the people of South Australia would not sympathize with the working men in retaining the concession which had been of such a benefit to wives and fellow-workmen and neighbours and to the whole community ? (Cheers.) The enemies of the eight-hours system, whoever they might be, might as well arm themselves with picks and shovels and endeavour to shift Mount Lofty iuto St. Vincent's Gulf as to think of overturning the eight-hours system. (Loud applause.) He would wind up his speech with a few lines from one of the poets, who said:— Stand up erect, thou hast the form And likeness of thy God. What more ? A soul as dauntless 'mid the storm . Of daily life, a heart as warm And pure as breast e'er wore. What then ? Thou art as true a man As moves the human mass among— As much a part of that great plan That at Creation's dawn began As any of the throng. Who is thine enemy ? 5?Le high In station or in wealth, the chief, The great, who coldly pass thee by With proud steps and averted eye ? Nay, nurse not such belief. If true unto thyself thou wast What were the rich one's scorn to thee ? A feather which thou mightest cast Aside as lightly as the blast The light leaf from the tree. No! Uncurbed passions, low desires, Absence of noble self- respect, Death in the breath's consuming fires To that high nature which aspires For ever till thus checked. These are thine enemies—thy worst. They chain thee to thy lowly lot, Thy labour and thy life accurst. Oh! stand erect, and from them burst, And longer suffer not. True wealth thou hast not—'tis but dast, 'Thy place uncertain as the wind; But that thou hast which, with thy crust And water, may despise the best Of both—a noble mind. This and thy passions nnder ban, True faith and holy trust in God, Thoa art the peer of any man! Look up, then, that thy little span Of life may be well trod. (Load applause.) Councillor KING stated that he warmly sympathized with the movement. Some years ago he had spoken at tbe inauguration of the eighthours movement; and at that time, which was favourable for the men obtaining the concession, they could be very little blamed for doing their best to obtain it. It was a very ill-judged aud most inopportune time for Messrs. Martia & Co. to attempt to do something which, to his mind, was not at all clear: at any rate it was apparently an attempt to upset the eight hours movement. If they attempted to upset the eight-hours movement it was a piece of presumption on the part of a small firm— (cheers)—a movement which has done so much good to tbe colony. He had been an employer of as much labour as Messrs. Martin & Co. (Ap- plause.) He bad paid hundreds and thousands in- wages, and though at times he had been dissatisfied with many of his men, he dare not brand the whole working community on account of these few men. He failed to see what good their action could do, or what they expected to gain from it. It had been said a large credit had been given, and that large proceeds from the sale of those machines had not come in; but, as it had been put that night, it was most unfair to let this fall on the working men. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He himself had had losses to contend with, but he never dared to put them on his workmen. (Cheers.) Any man who knew what work was must admit that eight hours per day was quite long enough. (Cheers.) Nothing pleased him better than to have about him an honest, intelligent, industriouis set of men— (Hear, hear)—and nothing annoyed him more than to see men waste their -time. With men of the latter stamp his mode of dealing was first to remonstrate with them, and if after a time he failed to convince them of their misconduct he discharged them—(Hear, hear)— and this was the proper course for any employer to adopt. (Applause.) There was. one thing that Messrs. Martin had said in reference to the eight-hours system, but he did not think it applied to their case, that there was not so much work done pro portionately under the eight- hoai'3 system as there was under the old system. (A Voice— He's a liar!" Great laughter, followed bysome interruption, proceeding from the body of the ball.) In many instances employers had too much cause to complain in this respect when they had a little batch of men here and a little batch there, some on the loaf and some skulking behind the timber, and in thiB manner robbing tbeir masters, to their own disgrace. He would say where such men were found they should be immediately discharged. (Hc-ar, hear, and cheers.) But in this dispute with Messrs. Martin & Co. it did not apply. He would say for himself that whenever he could remain with his men in the yard or about buildings on which they were engaged he did so, anjd he never had cause to complain of them; and 80>with a firm, when one or more, of the partners were constantly about the establishment thiere should not be any cause for complaint against the men. If any such cause did exist he could not understand what interest the employers could take in their business when they did not come forward and see it rectified. (Hear, hear, and applause.) It was neither manly nor right to seek to lengthen the hours of labour in the manner this firm was doing. And it must not be lost sight of that it was not that plucky little town of Gawler which was alone concerned in this stoppage. (Cheers.) It was not a question which affected the Gawler men only, but it was a question which affected the interests of the colony itself. (Renewed cheers.) As to what had been said with regard to immigration, he would say we wanted more of it, and it was a mistake to think otherwise. He knew for himself that he would have been able to take more work this month if he could only have got more men. This affair would go home, and it might have a prejudicial effect on the minds of intending emigrants and affect the very life's blood of the country. Working men came here to improve their condition, and if the men here yielded to any attempt to infringe on their rights in this matter they would lose the advantages they had hitherto enjoyed by coming here and prevent others from coming. He was speaking for himself that night, but he believed he was only giving expression to the views of the majority of the employers in the colony (Cheers.) He did not believe and he had not heard any expression favourable to the employers in this case. (Loud cheers.) He should like to offer if possible some suggestion that might bring about an amicable arrangement — (Hear, hear)—aud he would say as to the guestion of overtime that the principle was right to set their faces against working overtime, but there were circumstances under which they should not set themselves against the interests of their employers in refusing to work for an hour or so overtime. (Hear, hear.) The question had now come to this, that Martin and Co. wished to pay by the hour, and he did not see any objection to that, but they should not be compelled to work for any length of time on these terms simply to please their employers. (Hear, hear, and applause.) If any further difficulry was encountered in arranging a settlement he believed there would belittle trouble in getting the House of Assembly to legalize the eight-hours system. (Great cheering. He thought there was very little necessity for him to say another word, but he would say this: that he did think those men at Gawler Town should be supported in a proper manner. (Applause.) He did not wish to say anything be did not believe, for it was a serious thing to see men going about out of employ. He would urge the men not to go on the intimidation tack, for he thought, as Mr. Fraser had put it. that they had not a ghost of a chance of losing their position. (Applause.) He firmly believed the matter would be brought to a satisfactsry conclusion, and meanwhile he felt sure there would be nothing found wanting on the part of employers assisting their ciuss in a tangible manner. (Prolonged cheering, and cries of " Bravo, King.") Mr. MATHEB, one of the Gawler men on strike, supported the resolution. He said he was very proud to hear the remarks which had fallen from the speakers that evening, for they showed they entertained a strong sympathy for tbem in this struggle. It affected every working man, not only in Modern Athens, but throughout the colony—(Hear, hear)—for if the. Gawler men had not taken the stand they had done the consequences might have been felt everywhere. Ever since the eight-hours system had comc into force they had advanced in education and bettered themselves socially. They had been better able to look after the interests of their families, and to study and read the papers and watch the doings of Parliament; and on this he would say they should remember that they were" the law-makers, and remembering this they should not look too much to the Parliament to protect their interests, but bestir themselveB and see that their representatives truly represented tbem. (Hear, hear.) As to coercion, he did not think the Gawler 'men could be justly charged with using it towards the men who had gone there. They had dealt with them in a mauly, straightforward way, and the Committee ss a whole had put their foot on anything like intimidation. (Hear, hear.) Their anxiety was to show every one that they were contecding for a cause which they believed was a right one, and for which they bad in the past fought long and severely. This action on the part ofMessrs. Martin & Co. was to do away with the eighthours system, and it behoved every working man in the colony to stand by their Gawler brethren. They were determined to fight it out to the end—it was a cause which lay near and dear to their hearts—and in doiug this they were not selfish, bat were " really studying the interests of every .working man in the colony. So long as they found for then) at Gawler the pj^er s^ ghot thej\w£Sl4 It oEt'tG t«e end. (Hear, They must fi£bt be determined and yet careful how they acted, for the eyes of the public were on them, and there were hostile writers' to the Press who were ready to bring disrepute on them. He then proceeded to detail the interview which a deputation representing the men had had with Messrs. Martin & Co. respecting a proposal made by the firm for working by the hour. They endeavoured to ascertain from the firm definitely what their proposition was, but they received no .tangible statement on which they conld act. It appeared that they wanted to do away with the eight-hoars system altogether, but they would not succeed, supported as the men were both at Adelaide and the Port. He hoped tbat some philanthropist would come forward and solve the difficulty in some way. A Committee in Adelaide had taken up the matter and were using their influence to bring the vexed matter to an issue. He had eveiy confidence in those gentlemen and believed they would succeed. He also thought that that meeting would have some weight on the employers at Gawler, and would result in an amicable settlement. (Applause.) The resolution was then pat and carried unanimously amidBt great cheering. Mr. PAIAIHR, Secretary of the labour League, moved the second resolution as follows:—'"That this meeting, approving of the manly action and the steady determination of the men on strike in Gawler to maintain the eight-hoars system, pledges itself to continue the support well merited by them." He said that, from enquiries he had made, he believed the men of Gawler •had been acting in a manly, sober, and thoughtful manner with an honest endeavour t« bring the strike to a close. It had been stated by some writers in the Press that the eight-hoars system was an evil to the working classes. It was stated that it was the means of driving men to drunkenness and debauchery. These statements were undoubtedly false. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that they would all agree with him that the system had been the means of elevating the men to a high degree. He thought that men who worked after they left their masters' shops ought to be ashamed of themselves. If the leagues and employers were to make the names of these men known he felt sure that they would soon be pat down. (Hear, | bear.) Mr. W.QCTN, M.P.,who was received with cheers on rising to second tbe resolution, said that he was proud to be present at the meeting, and he was also proud to see such a large assemblage of working men. He fully believed that Martin & Co.'s men had taken a just and proper stand. He took a sincere interest in the matter, and he would do all he could to assist the men in their troubles and tribulations. He also wished to express his sympathy with Mr. Summerton in the position'in which he had been placed, especially after the personal letter from Mr. Martin which had bsen published in the papers. • Mr. Summerton was doing nothing but -his duty to his class, and he believed -that he would be honoured by eveiy working man in the colony. The men had shown every desire to avert the strike. They agreed to a reduction of wages last year, and were willing to submit to a furtherrednction this year, but they insisted on tbe maintenance of the eight-hours system. The working men of the colony would be wanting in their duty if they did not do their utmost to support the men for the strong and firm stand they had taken. They would remember that a statement' had appeared in the daily papers to the effect that the Government intended to prevent men on strike being employed in the workshops. When he saw that announcement he took on himself to write to the Commissioner of Public Works, because he thought he had'a strong-claim on the Government, having been one of their best supporters during the last session of Parliament, and also because he represented a district in which there were a large number of labouring men. He thought it his duty to ascertain the truth of the question. He was happy to say 'that the Government had taken a manly part in the matter, as he had received a reply to the effect that no such action as that mentioned had been or would be taken. (Cheers.) He trusted that the men on strike would stand firm, and that fellow-workmen wohld assist them monetarily. (Applause.) A vast amount of intelligence was being spread respecting the question of capital and labour, and his opinion - was that it was unreasonable to think that men were going to submit to drudgery from morning to night for the sole benefit of the employers. The largest employers of labour were men who had sprung from the ranks, and it was disgraceful for any of them to assist Martin & Co. by advice or in any other way. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt but that in what were called fashionable circles the working classes were sneered at somewhat, but for the last few days he had been mixed up with men of intellect who had stadied the question, and he had been pleased to hear them say that labour had not yet taken its proper position in the world. (Applause.) Those who sneered at the man who worked his eight hours a day had better try it themselves, and they would soon think eight hoars enough for a day's work. From his experience of the new and the old system he could say that he had made more money as an employer of labour under the eight-hoars system than he had under the old system. Mr. Martin pleaded loss from his machinery being stopped; but if he wished to have the machinery worked constantly he could do so, as the mines were worked by relays of men. (Cheers.) Ho fully sympathized with the movement, and would do all that be could to assist those who were in it. Mr. E. H. DEEETNGTOK said he was present at the request of the representatives of three hundred working men of Port Adelaide, who had sympathized practically with the men on strike at Gawler. The working men of Port Adelaide looked upon the eight-hoars system as a good one, and were determined to do all in their power to retain it intact. It was asked how this meeting woald affect the settlement of the difficulty. He had heard reference made to men who worked in the e venings some up tili 12 o'clock, when they would not give their employer more than eight hours This he thought most unfair. But such men when found out had been dismissed; and if this were sustained by the men it would have a good result. Loyalty to each other and to the system and their employers should be a mast important principle with them. He thought it would be well that an Eight Hours' League should be established, with branches throughout the colony, so as to keep up the movement. (Cheers.) He had been urged to touch upon a question that Mr. Quin's letter had raised, and he had had from men of position here a very different tale; but he thought it better not to touch npon the subject now. Some had said tbat the working men wasted their time in vicious amusements, but it was unfair to brand all working men with such a charge because some might be guilty. There was no time in the history of the colony when more working men had their own freeholds than the present, and the faces of those who were in the meeting were the best answer to such charges. (Applause.) Mr. A. GRAINGER said the last speaker had overlooked the fact that there was a League in Adelaide, that had worked hard; 'and pointed out tbat Government servants, who worked only six hours a day, and objected to the labourer earning money by working in the evenings, made up books and wrote for the Press themselves in their off hours la the present juncture, when people were walking abont unable to get .anything to do, he warned the working man against working overtime, and thns taking half a loaf out of the months of their fellows. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously, three cheers being given. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for his conduct in the chair brought the meeting to a close. jgsir Testimonials are a prolific source of Scepticism. The world has been so often humbugged by unautbenticated certificates that it is hard for it to attach credence to what it reads. The true merit of any article is self-affirmative, and its highest endorsement its own self-asserting virtues. The cures consummated by UDOI.PHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM ABO- MATic ScnNAprs tell their own story, and plead their own cause. G2L CS°THHOAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.— All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarsenesa wlll be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded toy the use of " Brown's Bronchia] Troches." These famous " lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is. lid. per box. People troubled with a "hackingcough, a "slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try •hem too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in .serious Tulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's'Bronchial Troches" are on the Government Stamp around each box.—Manufactured by JOHN I. BROWN & SONS, Boston, United States. Depot, 493, Oxford-street, London. 281tt273v» CST PERFECTION.—Mrs. S. A. AIXBX'S World's Hair Restorer (the Genuine Only in Pink Paper Wrappers) never fails to restore grey hair to its youthful colour, imparting to it new life, growth, and lustrous beauty. Its. action is certain and thorough, quickly banishing greyness. It is not a dye. It ever proves itself the natural strengthener of the hair. Its superiority and excellence are established throughout the world. Wholesale of FELTOW, GBIM- WABE & Co., Melbourne and retail, of ali Chemists and Perfumers throughout tfee Colonies. 85tstl02v207 We have seen at Mr. H. Steiner's, Watchmaker .and Jeweller,-.of Bundle-street, Letters of Congratulation from the principal houses in the Trade, both English and Continental, on his splendid exhibit of Jewellery and Silversmith's work at the Paris Exhibiting; ^Bipjfet tjj^m are letters from the Smment £rms of T.JluSseU & SpD, ghrnsonjetefmakers. to Her .Imperial - Majesty the Queen of England; James Dixon & Son: Goldsmith Alliance Company, Limited; and Martin Hall & Co. We also learn that Mr. -Steiners goods were largely purchased by the august personages visiting the Exhibition. Tbe Duchess de Magenta (wife of the President of the French) and the Prince of Saxe- Coburg Gotha betli purcliased largely, saying that as works of art the exhibits were worthy souvenirs of the World's Great Pair. Mr. Steiner has now on view a splendid assortment of Diamond and other jewellery of the latest and most fashionable designs. Also. Gold and Silver Watches, just arrived from the Best English and Continental makers. lltsc ADYICB TO MOTHBBB!—Are you broken In your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a ohemist and get a bottle of MBS. Wts-sLow's SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softeas the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhcea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow'a Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine-dealers everywhere at Is. lid. per bottle. Manufactured at 493 Oxford-street, London 281tt273vz 0 " EFPS'S COCOA.—GRATEFUL ANB OOMroRTiNG.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion ana nutrition, and by a careful • application of the fine properties of well- selected cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided onr breakfast tables with a delicately- flavoured beverage which may save as many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency' to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us, ready to attask wherever there Is a weak point. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly-nourished frame."—The Civil Service Gazette.— Sold only in Packets labelled—" JAMES EPPS & Co.. HomcpoMtUc Chemists London. 190twhtX14vst FLOEILIKE .—FOB THH TEETH AND BREATH.—A few drops of the liquid "JTloriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2a. 6d., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Prepared by HXNRY C. GAIAVF, 483, Oxferd-gtoeet, Loudon. 2Sltt273va 