The address of Mr Munro to his consti- tuents at Carlton on Monday night is de- serving of attention in several particulars, and it is especially serviceably the present time in showing the value which may be placed upon the wisdom and discrimination of the Liberal followers of Mr Berry during the last session. It would appear, accord- ing to Mr Munro, that he and other Liberal members gave no consideration to the measures introduced, and did not trouble themselves to have any ideas whatever about them, but considered that their whole duty as legislators, to themselves, their constituencies, and the country, was performed if they followed Mr Berry and voted as he told them to vote. Speaking of the muddle made in deciding the route of the Goulburn Valley railway, he says :— "They voted for a line now on the east side of the Goulburn River, then on the west side ; for a line across the Goulburn, up the Goulburn, and down the Goulburn. Wherever the Government led the way, their majority went straight after them, never asking any questions." After a con- fession of this kind in respect to a matter of so much importance and involving so much cost as the construction of an important railway line we are not surprised to hear from Mr Munro, in respect to Constitu- tional Reform, that "in the bill of the Government he saw several things of which he did not personally approve, but he was not going to split straws," and "as in the case of the Goulburn railway he religiously and honestly voted with the Government, right or wrong." With such obedient fol- lowers as these it is no wonder that Mr Berry had the courage to commit the Black Wednesday outrage, or to act generally in a high-handed manner, and the greater credit is therefore due to the Opposition and the Council for temporarily placing a check upon his mad career. According to Mr Munro, Mr Berry had said "Give me fifty supporters in the Legislative Assembly and I will reform the Constitution," but with sixty supporters he was unable to carry through his proposition, and his ill success was evidently fortunate for the country, for it is openly stated on good authority that neither Mr Berry nor his supporters approved the measure, and that it was actually forced upon the Ministry by the influence of a radical newspaper. With all his docility, however, it appears that Mr Munro could not swallow the embassy pro- posal, believing that the difficulty could have been arranged in the colony, and he now deplores the ridicule brought upon his party by the failure of Mr Berry's ill- advised mission. Later in the evening the Hon. R. D. Reid, M.L.C., addressed the meeting, aud gave an outline of a measure which he intends to propose in the Council, on the re-assembling of Parliament, for the reform of the Constitution, and which is based on the resolutions submitted as a compromise to Mr Berry before he started for England. This measure provides that the Council shall not reject an annual Appropriation Bill unless it seeks to deter- mine some question of policy ; that in the event of the Assembly being dissolved on account of any veto exercised by the Coun- cil, the Council shall be dissolved at the same time, and if the bill be not then accepted by the Council after being passed by the Assembly the two Houses shall sit and vote together with power to alter, reject, or pass the bill ; and that the qualifica- tion of members and voters for the Council should be reduced. It may be added that Mr Reid is a Liberal member of the Coun- cil, and that his proposition has already been approved by a large proportion of the Liberals in the Assembly ; further that the proposition has been favorably received by members of the Opposition and the Council, and that in several particulars it is in ac- cordance with the views expressed by Sir Michael Hicks-Beach in his recent despatch. It has many features to recommend it to the general bulk of the electors, and in passing through the two Houses it could be further improved. It therefore seems certain that a compromise on the basis sug- gested could be easily arranged without regard to the extremists of either party, and when Mr Berry arrives he will find a settlement ready made for him if he has only the sense to take advantage of his opportunity. The rain which fell on Monday and Tuesday nights has done a great deal of good, but the hopes entertained of a further downpour have not been realised. The supply already received, however, will be found of great service to farmers, and as the weather still remains unsettled addi- tional showers may be expected. There was only one ease at the police court on Monday, a female, well known as "The Bushranger," being charged with drunkenness and using obscene language. For the first offence prisoner was sentenced to three days' and for the second to four- teen days' imprisonment in the Marybo- rough gaol. Persons who have not yet secured their electors' rights have an opportunity of doing so before the 1st of next month, on which date the supplementary roll will be made up. A notification issued by the Shire Coun- cil intimates that a poll of ratepayers who object to the proposed water supply for the South Riding will be taken on Thursday next, the 22nd inst. The polling places appointed are :— The Shire Hall, Avoca ; Mr Robarts' store, Bung Bung ; the Post- Office, Lamplough ; and Mr Henry Marsh's residence, Junction, Amphitheatre Road. As those in favour of the proposition are not required to vote it is understood that the names attached to the petition will be accepted as the "ayes" in the question. In this case the proceeding seems to be un- necessary, as the petition is already sup- ported by a majority of the ratepayers, and if the poll is taken merely to give an opportunity and an inducement to a few to change their opinion on the subject it must be regarded as involving useless trouble and expense. Mr Baume, photographer, who has been on a professional visit to the town during the past few weeks, has been very success- ful in pleasing the numerous residents who have secured his services to obtain portraits. We have been shown several of these, and can speak highly of the skill and artistic finish displayed. One piece of work per- formed by Mr Baume is deserving of special mention. A resident of the town desired a fac simile of a printed document, and to be so much reduced that it could be inserted in a locket for the watch- chain. Mr Baume was applied to, and by photography pro- duced a copy no larger than a shilling, the print at the same time being so clear that it is perfectly legible. We understand that Mr Baume will remain in the township for a few weeks longer, and we would suggest that persons requiring portraits should pay him a visit before he leaves. The following particulars have reached us respecting the fire at Landsborough on Monday night last on the premises of Mr Hayes It appears that about twelve o'clock Mrs Hayes had occasion to get out of bed to give one of the children a drink, and she then observed a light in the store. On looking, she found some cases of matches and kerosene on fire in the middle of the floor. Mrs Hayes immediately roused the servant, and sent her to procure aid to put the fire out. The girl seeing a light about a hundred yards down the street, at White's public house, ran there and gave the alarm. All the people in the house immediately rushed to the place, which they found locked up. However, the front door was soon burst open and the burning cases thrown outside into the street. By this, time the alarm had spread, and plenty of willing hands soon had it completely ex- tinguished, the damage up to this time being very small. As Mr Hayes was away from home, it was suggested that someone had better stop on the premises till morning, and Mrs Hayes' father and another person offered to do so. H owever, they thought there was no further damage to be apprehended, and about three o'clock they had both left and gone home. About five o'clock Mrs Appelt, residing close by, observed flames again. She immediately woke her husband and father who rushed to the place and found it enveloped in flames. Thinking Mrs Hayes and the family were inside they both rushed to where they expected to find them, but fortunately they had got out in time. By this time the greatest excite- ment prevailed amongst tlie townspeople, who came to the scene from all directions in an almost nude state. There was now no show of saving anything, and the adja- cent houses stood in imminent danger. It was raining pretty heavily about this time, and this no doubt saved the adjoining places. As it was Mr Hayes' stock, store, dwelling house were reduced to ashes in a very short time. The property is insured in four companies for the sum of £1800, and no doubt an inquiry will be held re- specting this most mysterious affair. Parliament has been further prorogued until the 24th June, but is not called to- gether for that date. It is generally under stood, however, that the two Houses will assemble shortly after the date named. We remind our readers that to-morrow will he the last day for issuing summonses for the county court to be held on the 6th of next month. The last day for serving summonses will be Wednesday, the 21st instant, and filing must be completed on or before Monday, the. 26th. Mr J. F. Paten will hold his monthly sale of cattle, etc., at Natte Yallock to- morrow. Melbourne Punch has a plate this week showing "What Mr Berry brought back for his party in the Legislative Assembly." Mr Berry is represented as introducing a ghost labelled " Dissolution;" much to the consternation of his supporters. Statistics have been published showing the good results of the prohibition of pub- lichouses on the Aloonta mines, South Australia. Although there is a very large population there, scarcely any drunkeuess exists. A most distressing gun accident occurred at Alordialioc on Sunday afternoon. It ap pears that two parties of boys, who were going out shooting, had arranged to meet in a certain paddock. As the parties ap proached each other a boy named Murdoch pointed his guu at the other party and fired, when a boy- mimed Ha wkes fell and died in a few minutes. The . coroner's jury in the ease brought in a verdict of accidental .death, and Alurdoclc, who had' been in custody, was then liberated by the coroner. A Wellington telegram dated Tuesday says :— Sir George Grey and Air Slieelian left the native meeting to-day, but nothing was settled. . Before leaving, Sir George Grey informed the Kingites that as his for mer off crfe of a pension to the King and large land gifts to the Kingites had not been accepted, those offers were now with drawn, and future negotiations must be made on a new basis. He would be pre pared to receive fresh proposals. ; The Alinister of Education has received' from Air 'G. C. Lovey a consignment of ; nine boxes of books and articles which he thinks will be of - use in the department. With the exception of some reports on edu cation in the state of Ontario, the books and explanations ' of models, &e.;, arc all in French. There is an elementary set ; of chemicals and chemical apparatus, plaster casts of portions of the human frame, showing the veins, muscles &c.; ; specimens of wood used for industrial -purposes ; il- , lustrations of the growth , of cotton and other products ; drawings of plants used by manufacturers for various purposes ; illustrations of natural- history : maps in. relief, ,:&c..; There are also some globes and a set of Miider- garlcn toys. Some of tlie articles, sent out will 'serve admirably for object lessons in the schools. A man named Perkins, who has "been knocking about Wilcannia for some time, has received intelligence that ho has been left a fortune of £30,000. . ' > v The Provincial and Suburban Bank was compelled to close its doors on Alonday, and the. event has caused some excitement in commercial circles. The bank named had only about two branches out of Melbourne., Its authorised . capital was £500,000, paid- up capital £47,127 : the shares are of £5 each, on which £2 10 has been .paid. It is expected that the creditors will he paid in full. A forged letter, in the names of three "aboriginals, has been sent to the Govern ment complaining of the mismanagement of the Coranderrk aboriginal station. Franclc, proprietor of the totalisator, has been committed for trial on the recent charge of promoting gambling. . The Alelbourne rowing crew have arrived at Sydney, and are now practising on the Paramatta River. Captain Dent, of the schooner Aloonta. shot himself on board his vessel al Adelaide on Alonday. There are now 110 less than 125 telegraph stations and 5000 miles of wire in operation in Japan, 1000 miles more in course of con struction, and still further extensions are contemplated. The Wagga Wagga Advertiser learns from private sources that the -Kelly gang are expected in the Bourke district en route for the Queensland border. A '-posse of police, with black trackers, have been des patched specially to intercept them should they make their appearance in that district. The case of David Henry was again con sidered b7 the Executive Council on Tues day, when it was decided that the petition praying for his release should not be com plied with. The Hon. W. C. Smith has sufficiently recovered from his illness to be able to attend to some of his departmental duties. The new lighthouse at King's Island is nearly completed. A man named Brown complained to the Alelbourne Court that his wife thrashed liim and kept him in bodily fear. The police told the Court that complainant was a drunkard, and the -case was therefore dis missed. Auother rich body of stone has been found in the Alountain Alaid claim, Barrington. Four French refugees have been sen tenced to three years' imprisonment for stealing from a dwelling. The mission steamer Ellangowan has arrived at Cooktown from New Guinea. The Government Resident at Port Dar win is employing 500 Chinese on relief works. . American coals are being sold in Switzer land at 40s per ton. Two young men in Sydney have received the heavy sentence of seven years on the roads for assault and robbery. The rainfall has been very heavy in New Guinea this season, and the climate very fatal to new arrivals. There is no news of the gold prospecting party. It is stated that Messrs Thompson aud Gavlick.'of Sydney, have invented a method of printing bank notes which photographers cannot copy. The Donald Times learns 011 good autho rity that it is the intention of Alessrs Hodgetts Bros., of the Laudsborough Flour Alill. to erect a flour-mill by next season at Avon Plains, somewhere in the vicinity of Stratford's Lakes. The first number of a new journal, en titled the JLiberal JSTews, was published at Bairnsdale, Gippsland, last Saturday. The quarrymcn and contractors at Bal larat have entered into a combination with a view to raise the price of stone. A man named Robert Francis, employed in the telegraph office at Ballarat, attempted to commit suicide on Sun lay morning, by swallowing two ounces of muriatic and sulphuric acid. One of the Gippsland trains had a narrow escape of being run. off the line a few days ago, through the body of a dead bullock having by some means been placed upon the line. The train went over the carcase, and the break gear was carried away from one of the cai'riages. No other damage was done. Miss Devlin, of Hamilton, died a few days ago from the effects of a wound in the thumb received from the prick of a rusty needle. The new satirical journal to be published in Alelbourne will be named Sam Slick, and will appear on the 5th of next month. Alessrs Aloney Wigram and Sons are building another large steamer expressly for tlie Australian trade. A little gii'l, two and a half years old, strayed from her . home at Rokewood on Alonday, and was not found until next day. The opening of the Queenscliff railway has been fixed for the 21st instant. A lusus naturcB in the form of a her maphrodite horse is in the possession of Air W. -Aloore, of North Adelaide. The animal is a sturdy well-shaped two-year- old cob, and has been broken in to harness. The lion. W. J. Clarke declines to pre sent himself for electiou as a member of the City Corporation, giving as his reason the fact that he requires all his time to do jus tice to his office as President of the Inter national Exhibition. The Daylesford Mercury is informed that a young lady, lately a milliner at one of the drapeiy establishments in Daylcs- ford, has come in for a fortune of £5000. The Queensland Parliament was opened on Tuesday. Tlie Governor's speech indi cated the probability of a new loan being raised for railway and harbour works. The racehorse Leviticus, stolen 011 Satur day from a house teu miles from Grafton, has been recovered, and the police are close on the trail of the robber. Several scabby sheep were found on the Californian mail steamer at Sydney on Wednesday. They were destroyed. Two prisoners, named John Cleverly and John Gostick, escaped from the Emerald Hill batteries on Tuesday evening. John Bear, engineer of tjlie Albatross, who rescued a ho.v from drowning a few days ago, again distinguished himself on Tuesday by saving a passenger of the Chimborazo who had fallen into the water. Sir John Coode's report on the improve ment of the Yarra was considered by the Harbour Trust Commissioners on Wednes day, ami was adopted subject to such mo difications as may be found necessary. On the arrival of the steamer Katooniba from Sydney on Alonday, a man named Wilson jumped overboard and attempted to drown himself. He was rescued with dif ficulty. _ The water-auger has been very successful iu the Darling district, one well having been opened which is capable of supplying tlie requirements of 20,000 sheep. Au impostor named Thompson has been sent to gaol at Geelong for collecting sub scriptions ostensibly for a starving- family. A successful trial was" made on Wednes day of a new tauk engine recently imported by the Government. . : : In a cyclone at Tonga; a valuable collec- tiou of instruments, books, &c..-in; the Wes- leyan College was destroyed by fire. The loss is £600. The. Portland Guardian chronicles a laiige haul of fish made in Portland- Bay oil tlio 12th instant. A large haul of Sal omon trout; sufficient to fill -over eighty baskets averaging 501b each, was caught, the net being drawn only twice. 1" It is slated that a baby show lyill be held at Ballarat on an early date, . Alany business people in the co.lony vill regret to hear that on account of the recent failure of a financial firm in Alelbourne the affairs of Mr Zox, AI.L.A., have become " embarrassed," and lie has. been obliged to call a meeting of bis creditors. The meet ing was lield on Tuesday, and op acco,unt of the confidence felt in Air Zox's integrity, and a desire that he should uot he compelled to resign his scat in the Asserobl37, the creditors shewed every desire to assist him. Air Zox has b.een requested to continue his business under, the advice of two of his largest creditors, Alessrs Stevenson and Alorrow, and to retain his seat in the As sembly. Air Zox has taken time to con sider his position before accepting the advice tendered. Air Alunro, AI.L.A., had a very good re ception from the large meeting that he ad dressed in Carlton on Alonday night. In the course of his remarks ho mentioned that the Governor told him on Black Wed nesday that he had au understanding with the -Alinistry that the public servants then dismissed would be reinstated for the period provided for in the Appropriation Bill for that year. Air Alunro alluded to the manner in which the Government had been supported by the majority in the Legislative Assembly, and candidly con fessed that the party, himself included, bad determined to vote with the Government, " right or wrong," on several matters, in cluding their Reform Bill. The proposi tion, however, to ask the Imperial Parlia ment for legislation on our own concerns had been " the last straw" that had alien ated him from the Government. In this connection he quoted several extracts to show that Air Berry had all along intended to ask the Imperial Parliament for an ena bling act, although it now suited a section of the Liberal party to deny that such an intention was ever entertained. With re gard to reform, Mr Alunro stated that he was not bound to any particular scheme, hut that ho would support any measure which would settle the question. The Hon. R. D. Reid, AI.L.C., delivered a brief speech, in which he gave an outline of a Reform Bill which he has prepared, and intends to introduce early next session. This bill makes £10 freeholders and £20 householders electors of the Legislative Council, and provides that in the event of dissolution of the Assembly being rendered necessary by the rejection of a measure by the Council, the latter body shall also be dissolved, both Houses, when re-elected, to sit together on such measure if the disagree ment continue. Air Reid met with a highly favourable reception. Private advices state that the visit of H.AI.S. Cormorant to Brother Island lias been a total failure. Two native interpre ters taken were landed on the beach, but the islanders sent them back to the Cor morant with a message that they would shoot any white man who landed. No at tempt to land was made by any of the crew. After throwing a few shells and rockets into the villages the Cormorant left, without bringing any of the Ingham's murderers to justice. The friends of the murdered man are indignant at the treatment, and a volun teer expedition is proposed, for the purpose of visiting the island and capturing those concerned in the murders. A fatal accident under painful circum stances occurred atEuroa on Saturday even ing, by which a young lady lost her life. It appears the deceased. Miss Yidler, was driving nfear Castle Creek with her sister- in-law and two young children when the horse bolted, and running against a tree, the trap was upset aud the side fell on de ceased's breast, suffocating her bejore assis tance arrived. The others escaped with ; slight bruises. The charge against the men Hicken and Foley, the principals in the late prize fight, John Thompson and James Alace, their abettors, for conspiring to commit a breach of the peace, was continued in the City Court, on Tuesday, before Air Call. P.AI., and a bench of magistrates, consisting of thirteen justices. The case apparently, to any mind excepting a legal one, was clearly proved ; hut Mr Call, after consulting with his fellow magistrates, announced that the majority of the Bench were in favour of an acquittal, and he therefore discharged the accused. The decision was greeted with applause by some of the persons pre sent in court, which, however, was speedily suppressed by the police. At- Tongatabu dysentry has been fearfully prevalent, and both the natives and Euro peans are alike suffering, while many of the former have died. The Government -directing their own affairs, without a single European in their employ. They are build ing a large wharf under the personal super vision of the King with coral. It is to be faced with dressed stone, which was brought at an immense cost from Sydney five years ago. The prisoners are working at it, and the way they manage is this : — Thieves, burglars, and criminals of the worst class who have long sentences are put at work. They have so many fathoms of coral to pile up, and when they have done so much they are free.' . A correspondent of the Gipps Land Mercury states that coal has been fouud by Air John Buntine, at Hen Yenue, near Toougahbie. He states: — " The samples from the bore were sent to Mr J. Cosmo Newbery. One came from a depth of about 22ft. 3in. from the surface, mostly through a blue clay, and was about 4ft. in thickness, the other was found after passing through a seam of pipeclay 6ft. thick, and tlie de posit was found to he about 12ft. 6in. through. Of these two samples Mr New bery says : — " They are worth an exami nation, aud they give, upon distillation, paraffin, aud oils like kerosene, and if found in quantity (of which, from the thickness of the seams, there appears little doubt), they would be of value for tlio manufacture of gas.' " Air Berry, the Prime Minister of Victoria (says tlie London JEchoJ, has bad a trying time of it iu this country on the subject of free-trade. Being one of tlie most uncom promising protectionists of the Australian colonies, he has been attacked right and left by men to whom the most hardened states men of Australia arc but amateur politicians. He has mentioned especially the conversa tions he has had on this subject with Earl Granville and Lord Derby, both of whom have driven him very hard in argument. Lord Granville, by his thorough mastery of the whole question, both theoretical and practical, by the fertility of his resources in argument, and his readiness with an answer to every consideration that could be urged in favor of colonial protection, seems to have had his advorsary at his mercy. Air Berry appears to have been under the impression that Air Wise, of Queen's Col lege, Oxford, who has just won the Oobden Club prizc-for the best essay on the " Policy of protection in young communities, '' is a Victorian, and .on being told of Mr Wise's success he observed that it was a si cm of remarkable originality of mind for a young man of that colony to adopt free-trade views. The reply Air Berry received was, . , :-lt\ surely would 'betoken much greater originality of mind in any man at tins time or day to attempt to uphold protection on economic grounds." - The Alinister of Lands - will require the uew selectors at Alount AKcedon to pre serve a certain immber of .trees -on their selections, .with a view to climatic influ ences, " v 1 » > 