THE SECRET OF THE WHITE 1 CHEST. . IT waa jost the Lonee I wanted. . In size and situation it salted me exaotly, as tbe phrase goes, literally down to tbs gronnd. Faoing Hyde-park, and plaoed back from the high-road, with nothiog in front of it bat the broad strip of s>r<inn belonging to tho lertBue m whian it stood, and tbs opon stretah of tart and trees, it was the very abode for a London season. It's rent, too, WSB extremely moderate ; it was in Bound repair ; drainage without a flaw ; fixtures, furniture, and décorations in the best taste ; the owner only desiring to let it occasionally, because he went away from town each spring. Why, then, did I hesitate to take it? Why did everybody hesitate to take it ? . For the last seven years and more it.had never been lot. AU the house-agents at the West-End had had it in band one after, another. The terms had been redaeed eaob season that it came Into the market, and. still there was no finding a tenant for it. Everybody who went over the house was oharmed with. it. The éntranos being in tho rear, all tho boat rooms had a delightful southern aspeot ; and going up from floor to floor on their first visit of inspection, everybody grew more delighted the higher they got. The apartments in creased'in cheerfulness, if not in size, the outlook from tho windows became more extensive and airy, whilst, when one reaohed tho top storey, and ascended by a narrow stair on,to tbo leadod flat roof, with a high balus trade running round it, the view was, as the house- agents expressed it, "quito unique." Nevertheless, everybody having roaohed the roof, and having looked round for a. minute or two, descended with a firm deter mination not to take tko house. Now what was the reason ?: It was not haunted, no ghosts had ever been seen, or ' mysterious noises beard-saoh things were hover hintod at. lhere was nothing about it in appear anoe.liko the gloomy, forbidding manBion in .Severn Square, concerning which so many queer stories are told; and whioh, Uko the houao in question, no one will take. No, it waa the very reverse, in all respects, of that long (and still) untenanted abode. I bad hoard the rumours about the'Hyde'Park house often,, when I bad been in London, and my oariosity had always been piqued, BO that now, whoo I wantsd jost such a house for the season,' I determined to go and look at it for myself. _ '-' Finding all satisfactory and just as I expeoted from bottom to top, I was stepping out on to the roof with Ur. Grumble, the agent, and waB Baying to him- . " Well,. I can't perceive why people won't live here,", when my eye fell upon a curious object created upon tho leads at tho rear, and surrounded by a high' railing. It looked like à huge skylight or glass lantern, about ten feet long, three high, and throe broad. But ins toad of forming a light for a stairoaso or room beneath, it seemed to have been built for tho purpose of covering another. curious ' objoct, wbicb, ocoupying nearly the whola of tho space under the glass, was plainly visible through it. This was à long white box, resembling a sea man's . chest . more than anything, only much larger. It rested upon the four legs or feet, which raised it about a foot from tho flat surface of tho roof. It was painted a creamy white and varnlsbod, and, apparently not being intended to open, any moro than its glass covering, had no hinges or look to its top or lld. "What' the deuce is'that?" said I to Mr. Crumble. " ' " Ah 1 replied-that functionary, with an odd expression in hlB faos, " that's it, sir 1" " What's it, pray f" '.' Why, tho seorot, sir." "Tho secret I1How is ita soorotf" What do voii móañ'P" ' J i: . * ' - Well; Bir, -what it is; what it'« meant for ; - what's insldo of it P" ! '.".Don't you know f" ? , . VNo; sir."' " .1 > : : ' "'Doesn't'onyono know ?"" .'"Z'snppbsè somebody doe», bat wo don't ; wo aro forbidden to inquire or to attempt to find out ; if wo know wo - should bo i ablo to lot thehouse, perhaps." , " How; long has lt boen thoro f" . !- " A'^long whlloj 'I bolioTO, sir-ten or twelve years.'? Before .my timo." ? . . , " BmVwno put it np r*. ' I »¡.'-'l.\l CU.' '..'.' ;. ?*, .- .. :. ?; ? . M . " 'Well, Mr. Grayling, we suppose ; nobody seems to know oxastly when it first appeared there." "But the serrant*,'* I protested, "they must know." " Ohl I hare heard there were none in the house at tho time; they were all dis missed just before it was pnt up. Mr. Gay ling Derer keeps many servants; some times he has only one, sometimes none. Nobody lives in the house when he's away, but he always leaves the keys with us. He is always changing- his servants. Mr. Gayling is; I have often heard him say that he likes new brooms." ** What is he, or what was he ?" "A gentleman in the naval line, I believe, sir; they are rather rum 'uns, I'm told." " Humph !" I said, " very odd. But do you mean to tell me that nobody will live here because they don't know what's in that box?" " That is partly the reason, sir," " Absurd," I was going on, when the man continued " But there's a clause in the agreement abont it ; that's what does it, sir." " Explain," I said. "Well, [sir, here is ¿tho 'clause, and he produced tho document; "perhaps you would Uko to read it yourself^?" Thus it ran "And in taking the house at the rental, and for the term specified as above, I hereby solemnly pledge my oath never, directly,. or indirectly, through my own agency, or that of others, to attempt to meddle with or disturb tho white chest under tho glass ease on the roof, or to seek in any way to discover for what purpose it has been placed there, or what it contains ; and I further guarantee that no person in my employ, or anyone entering the" house during my tonancy thereof Bhall make any auoh attempt, and I hereby undortako that in tho event of their being detected in doing so, or of my doing so, to forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, and in accordance with this agreement have, in proper legal form, lodged tho said sum with the hankers of Thoa. Gayling, Esq., the lessee, os a guarantee of my good faith.' ' " But for that oíanse," went on the agent, SB I finished reading it with some surprise, " we should have no difficulty in letting the house." " Fray, is the owner ont of his mind ?" I asked, in a minute. " Not that I am aware of, sir ; he is a very pleasant, affable gentleman, Mr. Gayling is, only, as I'^Bay, a little ram on some points ; nothing will induce him to strike out that olauso, for instanoe. Lor' bless you, sir, partieB never entertain it for a moment when tbey oome to that part of the business ; thiy drop it like a hot potato." "Humph !" said I, again, "it's queer, certainly, but I don't see why one shouldn't acquiesce; it doesn't matter a rap to mc what's inside the chest ; I should never want to meddle with or disturb it, and I'd take very good oare no one ehe did'; I would pad look the trap-door on the roof, and thal would settle that. Ahl" I continued, af toi walking round thostruotare and lookingabóul me a bit-" ah'! I seo ; precautions have been taken to prevent any aooess to thii roof from tho others on either side, by thii iron ehevaax- de-fris ; yes, no one can gel over this. Well, it's au odd freak, but \ am not nure that I am going tn bo nanlkec by it ; I'll think About lt, Mr. Crumble." And tho result of my thinking was, thal T BIB nd the agreement two days after, wards, having oonformcd to the peouliai stipulation regarding the deposit. I hac no fear of losing the thousand pounds, thc interest on it was a more addition to thi rent, and the house was so exaotly what I wanted, that it would even then be okeaj to me, with my large family of motherlos children. Nevertheless, I do not ' dony, thal after all was signed, sealed, ant settled, I' was conscious of a lurking curiosity and suspicion regarding tha mysterious ereotion. What could i be ? What . could it contain ? I. wai constantly saying to myself. What strang! freak could possess the man to take suol strong measures- to guard against .anj penetration into the secret-measures, by the- bye, which 'in themselves were rathei calculated to provoke investigation, t< draw attention to the very thing that ht wished one to overlook ? Was Mr. Gaylin; a miser, hoarding up some unknown trea sures in this strange fashion ? : Probabl; that was it. Wei), if it was, i was no business of mine after all. M; Parliamentary duties would be too urgent I hoped, to let me dwell upon muon else, si I would dismiss it, and so beyond puttini the padlock on tho trap- door of the roof - ai threatened, I took no measnroB to proven any of my household indulging in specula tiona. lat least would not direot attentioi to the matter, as Mr. Gayling did, and eon tented my family and domestics by sayini that I didn't consider it safe for people to gi on to the roof. Now, in spite of my resolution, I foam myself perpetually reourring to the strang ohest. . For the sake of quiet and air, I ha, appropriated the two large back and. fron rooms at the top of the houae for my bed room and study, and thus slept every nigh just beneath the white chest. . Before I had beon in the house a month it began to act as a nightmare on me, a; inoubUB I oould not shake off. I wa oppressed aud depressed by it, in a way quit unaccountable. I was puzzled at myself, oould Dot have believed four weeks balor that I should over have bsoome BO aSeote by snob contemptible restlessness, disquie and distrust. These feelings at las^roaoha suoh a pitoh thatjl finally changed my be; room ; I would not sleep any longer direotl underneath this accursed, mysterious fabril Another month paisod, during which, ino) than onco, I was tempted to go secretly c to tho roof and look at tho thing again thoro was no harm in that, that was n< forbidden in the bond, and I need hardly sa; I saw nothing to provoke any now oommon -.'? About a weok after my last visit to tl roof, a lengthy debato kept mo lato at tl House of Commons, and walking homo fi tho soko of frosh air, I found the midsumme: dawn breaking, as I struck into Park- Ian Roaching.,Oxford-stroot I was startlod 1 observing in tho western sky a strong ligl not duo to roflootod sunrise. At tho momo: I saw lt, a' flro- ohglno passed mo at fu speed, and'prcsontly tho-first signs of t' commotion which a conflagration causes tho streets beoamo ovidont. No man unde goes ? this ' éxperionoe, when ho has be away many hours, and saes tho red gio rising in tho' direction of his own hom without a pang of anxioty, if not of terri How woll-foundod was this sensation in t present oaso was rando ovidont ero I h wálkod anothor . 200 yards ; yos, moroii powbrs ! it was my houso that was on fir ' I oan soarooly record what followed ; 101 ? know that somehow I found mvself in I midst of tho police and firamon. That I explained to the superintendent who I was, and that nader his asoort I soon ascertained that all the inmates of my house, my ohildren, their . governoBB, and tho soivants, woro in safety, and had boen tabon in to a neighbour's at the rear ; that', BS soon as I found this to I be the case, I, accompanied still by the superintendent, mounted to the top of an I adjaoont residence, whonco the firemen were I dlreotlng the hose upon the flames. Oase on thia yantase point, my| mino! revetted to the white «heit. Was it still there ? Tes ; the flames, though bursting ' oat from all the windows of the .griper itorieB, back and front, had not jet donejjpre than wrenoh and crank portions of tbJBHaBS case. For a time it seemed as if thiiSJmld be the most that might happen. The water seemed to be getting the upper hand, and as it fell in torrents on the hot roof, such [clouds of steam wore thrown up with the smoke as would have completely hidden everything from view, but that our position had been skilfully selected, and waa well to wind ward of the burning mass. But presently, amid the roar of the flames, there came a dull, heavy rumble for * moment, and then with a tremendous crash the roof fell in. With it of course went tho fragments and framework of the glass-case, "and the now charred and blaekened chest itself. I had my eyes upon it at tho moment, and down it went deep into the utter obscurity of tho dense smoke and steam, which always succeeds to this climax of a -con flagration. For several minutes noth ing was to be discerned through. ? the overwhelming wreaths of black-grey fumes. But presently, though the light from the fire had been clenched, there began to be visible, by tho aid of tho. increasing light of the morning, the depths of this pit of. Acheron.. Tet.it was not so very deep after all, for the fire having orignated od the second floor, the . falling roof had only crashed down as yet as for as tho drawing room, and there, when my eyes had become accustomed to the spectacle - of the'in-' describable dibris, I plainly beheld, rest ing slantwoys across a stubborn remnant of wall, what had boen tho Whito Chest; it was now split and smashed, ? and its contents were revealed. . . " Good heavens ! What was it that:I looked down upon ? I turned. away my face for a moinonfc with a shudder, for there, protruding through the splintered , fragments of its once creamy-white wooden case, was a huge leaden coffin, which, in its turn melting ? and .burst ing with the hoot, displayed within the unmistakable form of a shrouded corpse ! I was in the sot of drawing my companion's attention to it in horror, when soddenly there flow np around it with redoubled fury, Buoh a muss of flame and . smoke,* that it was entirely hidden, and soon the.fire had so spread and burst out again, that the'horrible speotaolo of this uninten tional incremation was shut from sight, and the house was finally burned to tho ground ! I paBS over what immediately followed that I had made my way baok to tho friendly abode where the members of my family wero sheltered. . In a few days they were snugly settled again in another homo, fortunately not very mnoh tho worse for the terrible scare. Indue oourse the time arrived for looking into my losses, and while I was doing so I reoeived a lotter from Mr. Gayling, who had come to town requesting an interview. I was glad of this, forT foresaw it must lead to some explanation of the strange circumstances surrounding tho : agreement I had signed. Oily curiosity as to the contents of the white chest had been rudely satisfied, it was true, but what had been tho roason for placing -BUOII an objeot ia\Buoh'- a-place P and this I'was dotormined cb find out« TTnoxpeotedly Mr. Gay ling dlscIoaed.it to me M immediately we met. ' . .[I have-,.asked-for this interview, sir," he said, abruptly, "because I am a rained mah'." , ., " But," I interposed,'," ! am told you wore fully insured." . "That has nothing to do with it," ho answered; "no insurance oan restore the three thousand a year whioh I lose by .what baa happened. I am simply going to tell you certain foots ; because, when you have heard them, I shall put it to you whether you will not, out of your ample means, feel that some compensation is duo tome. The fact is, that it has been during your tenancy of my house, and through acoident, or negligence on tho part of some ono for whom you are responsible, that my rain has been brought about." " I don't understand you." " Liston; sir," ho went on, 'iand you will I was brought np to tho sea and followed it till mid-life, for I was'entirely'dopendeht on my own earnings. My only relative at this time was an old uncle, also a sailor, and a most eccentric man, as you. will - . presently seo. Fiftoon years . ago ho suddenly came into a large sum of money -I never knew how-but ho retired and took that house. He had only boen in-it threo|yeors when a mortal sickness overtook him." Ho sent for mo. " ? Tom," said ho, * I am dying, and I don't liko it. I am terrified, not so much at the thought of death os at tho thought of burial. A sailor's gravo I would not mind, but to be boxed up'and thrust: into tho earth; no, Tom, I won't stand it. > I look to you to seo that it doesn't happen; and I have taken measures to make sure that you do see it doesn't happon. I've made my will, Tom ; I'vo lof ti you all I possess, but on one condition, and it is, that you aro my heir so long as I am woll abovo ground, and no longer-mark tho words, " well ; abovo ground." Directly I am buried,' or my remains are allowed to mingle with mother earth, as she ia called-she was no mother to me, tho sea was my mother, . for I was born at soo-all my money, mind, goes straight to tho Scallion's Hospital, every pouny of it.* - " ' But what am I to'do P" I asked of my uncle; 'how shall I bo able to carry out such o' strange condition P Havo you so oxprcssod it in your will P' '" Yes, indeed I have,' he answered, ' and logal and binding you'll find it, as expressed in the words, "so long as I'am woll abovo ground." ' ''. "'But what am I to do with you?' I again asked. "'Oh, run mo up aloft, masthead mo, - anything you like,' but don't bury mo.* - " Woll," wont on Mr. Gayling, " to make)/ a.'¿long story short, I found that tho obnaj^V ditions>of tho old mon's will woro binding^Y and his executors and mysolf hit upon tho plan of .hoisting tho coffin oa-to tho roof of his house. Under certain conditions -wo found that it was possiblo for us legally ? to do this. So I dismissed my three servants, employed o country undertaker, my old ship's carpontor, and a, foreign glazier, in order that thc matter should not ' bo talked of in the neighbourhood, and personally BOW tho. arrangomoats carried out You can'now understand my reasons for not having it moddled with: yes, sir, and you can npw undorBtand that tho con ditions of tho will must take effect. No 1 sign of tho coffin or the body even was to be ' discovered in_ tho ruins of that ? houso. . I have had a rigid search. ; made, to no pur- . , pose; tho old gentleman's romains have | boon consumed, have mingled with mother earth, and tho niönoy passes as a matter of course to tho Soamen's Hospital. I havo J not a ponny in the world. What can yon do for mo ?". , . r It ia not neoossary for mo to say what I did for Mr. Gayling ¡ hat finding- hy a visit to Dootor's Commons, and" by othor ovidanoo, that his-story waa substantially corroot, I felt his casó was n, hard.: ono, certainly ? a . strange on«, '' and ; I 'actedj I hone, sot unginorouily towards him. ' ' ' 