THE PAGAN MASS AND THE ROMAN CATHOLIC MASS. BY GIOVANNI FERRERO, B.B.L. The Council of Trent in the xxii. Session, and Bellarminus—De Missa, lib. i. cap. 5, fulminate their anathema against whosoever denies that their priests in the mass offer to God the body and the blood of Jesus Christ as a real atoning sacrifice for the remission of the sins of the living as well as of those of the dead, and this dogma is grounded on the words of our Lord Himself, viz., " This do in remembrance of Me." The ordinary exposition that Romanist theologians give to the words of the Lord just quoted is the following theoretically and practically :—Sacrifice my body and my blood in all their reality under the species of bread and wine, as an atoning sacrifice for the living and for the dead. Such exposition implies that the mass is a sacrifice as real as that of the cross, and consequently the Lord Jesus Christ is crucified afresh (Heb. vi. G) as often as the sacrifice of the mass is performed by the priests. And if the mass is a real sacrifice it is not a remembrancer of the absent Lord, for if the real body, soul, humanity, and divinity of Christ are sacrificed, and the whole Christ is present in the wafer and in the wine, then the Lord's body is not absent, and wo need not to remember what is present! But let us read what the Apostle Paul taught the Corinthians on this subject. We do not read that he told them to sacrifice the Lord's body, but he taught them that the eating of the bread and the drinking of the wine was the true way to remember the Lord, in "showing the Lord's death till He come." Showing the Lord's death is not performing a sacrifice, but showing forth a past and offered sacrifice, and the words "till He come," are not pointing to any fact of the real presence of the Lord, but rather, if read well and understood well, to the Lord's absence and coming again, because He has gone to the Father. The Apostle Paul's teaching the Lord's coming again, supposes His personal absence and as one Scripture is the proof of another we find that the Lord Jesus Himself clears the minds of the disciples as to His real presence in the bread and in the wine, and teaches them to form a right conception of His words in the 6th chapter of John, in which we read that the Lord Jesus told the Jews—" The bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." This was not the bread and wine consecrated by papal Rome, for the Jews strove among themselves, saying, " How can this man give us His flesh to eat?" (Johnvi., 52.) " And many, therefore^ of His disciples, when they heard this, said—" This is an hard saying : who can hear it ?" The thbughts of the Jews and of many of His disciples, ignoring the spirit of His words, were exactly as those of Romanists who believe that they eat and drink the very body and blood of Christ. But let the conscientious Romanist be taught by Jesus about the •words "flesh" and "blood," and Jesus will soon clear his mind and rectify his conscience by telling him or her what He told the offended and astonished disciples. " He said unto them,' Doth thiB offend you ? What and if ye shall see the Son of Man ascend up where he was before P It is the Spirit that quickeneth. The flesh profiteth nothing. The wordB that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life." (John vi., 61-63.) Has this chapter anything like propitiatory or atoning rite of sacrifice ? Is not the Lord telling them that if the Son of Man ascends up where He was before it is not possible to eat his flesh and drink his blood ? Is He telling them to consecrate bread and wine to bring Him down ? Is he not telling them in the 15th chapter of John 7th verse, " If I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you, but if I depart I will send him Unto you." Are these words speaking of His presence on earth or of the presence of the Holy Spirit in his absence ? Or is the Holy Spirit in the wafer and in the cup ? Certainly not according to papal Rome.- Hence, if the Holy Spirit is come down from heaven after Christ's ascension, Christ lets the Spirit act for Him in His absence, teaching according His words, testifying of Him, ** He shall take of mine, And shall show it unto you.!' (John xvi., 15). He did not say, " I shall come to abide in the sacrament, to dwell in the wafer and in the cup," but He said; " I will pray the Father, and He ohall give you another Comforter that He may abide with you for ever, even the Spirit of Trutn (not water, flour, and wine), for He dwelleth with you (the Holy GhoBt, not Christ officially), and shall be in you, not through any rites or ceremonies, but by authority of the words of Christ, (John xiv., 16-17-) Where, then, is the least insinuation of the papal mass in the quoted words Where ckn Vou find a single part of 4>he ritual ofRome/and/alas !. of the ritualistic mimicry of Rome in PufifeyUna ? Where the elevation of the wafer P Where ihe immolation? Where the adoration? In times when an appeal to Sferiptdre waB seldom heard of there was hardly a possibility that the errors into which the waiters of the second, century had fallen should be corrected by the authority "of God's Word, and equally remote was the probability when the errors had no check, and were not confuted and and still growing, so that no wonder that the entire divinity of the Church went to the extraction of the ritual of a religion, whose benefits were conditional on the observance of a ceremonial, earthly, Platonic, pagan, Jewish, and having lost little by little the authority of God's WordMI toto, except a few fragments of it, as in the fathers, the"" unearthly and spiritual rules, precepts, and doctrines of the Gospel, were supplanted by the , traditions of the fathers. Under these 'circumstances can we wonder that the errors on the Eucharistic Sacrifice of the mass should speedily attain to its utmost aggravation? and that by declaring the materials of bread and wine to be actually transubstantiated into human flesh and tblood, the foully erring church debased the Lord's 'Supper, that blessed remembrance of ^lis death; the purity and loveliness of that institution was lowered into a Thyestean banquet, a spiritual cannibalism, more loathsome and revolting than had ever polluted the most impure orgies of paganism! There is an impudence of absurdity in this dogma, which rouses one's indignation to think that it should ever have been propounded as an article of faith! A change at once substantial yet indiscernible ; at once miraculous and non-miraculous. A miracle is always a visible sign of some changes of natural laws, but where is tbe visibility in the change of the flour into Christ's body, and of the wine into Christ's blood ? But Thomas of Aquinas says, "Prcestet fides stip}>le mentum sensuum defectui." (Let faith supply the defect of the senses.) But we do not require faith to see a miracle; the senses judge of the fact. -1 believe the record of a miracle because the fact took place, and I have moral evidence from history that a change once was made in the laws of Nature. But we have never been told by the Apostles and writers of the Gospels and Epistles that such a change took place in the Mass as to have flour:and wine converted into flesh and blood. The species remain species; but are not the species the components of the substance? And if color, taste, palpability, corruption are still visible, the flour is still flour and the wine is still wine, unchanged, the same, unaltered. When the Lord Jesus changed the water into wine the change was visible. The eye could see the colour, the nose could smell the odor, and the palate could taste the savour of it. There was a real transubstantiation. The Bubstance of water was changed into the substance of the juice of the vine. There was no need of faith to believe what the senses could see, Bmell, and taste. But in the Sacrament one sees a white wafer of flour, tastes the baked flour, smells the flour, and feels the flour. The same as to wine. Let the change into flesh be flesh, and into blood be blood, and I will believe my Benses. but as long as th bread is bread and the wine is wine, I believe thi symbols pointing to the Lord's death, but no more! Scripturally and therefore logically. I knowTradition, not Scripture, has many aprocryphal miracles, invented to confirm the dogma of transubstantia- tion. I shall quote one for thousands, and let the conscientious reader judge of its probability. I tell it to my readers as it is told in the ApopMeg^ mataPatrum, edited by Cotelerius.—Eccl. Grcec.,. Mon., vol. 1, p. 421, and from the Theban-Coptic original. Now to the pious story:— "There was a recluse of the desert who was mighty in works, but weak in faith. So he fell into error, because he was but a simple person, and said, i The bread that we receive is not the body really, but only figuratively. And two old men heard him say so; and they came to him and said—' Oh, father, believe according to the tradition of the Church." And he said—" I cannot believe it unless I see the thing itself. Let us, therefore, pray God that it may be shown unto me. So they all retired to their cells to pray. God heard their prayers. The next day the unbelieving recluse was in the midst of them. His eyes and theirs were open. When the bread was put upon the holy table (mind it was not an altar as yet) it appeared to them like a little boy. (Mind, not like a man thirty-three years old.) And when the presbyter—the elder, not a priest—put forth his' hand to break the bread (mind, not to consecrate it) behold! the angel of the Lord (not a priest) came down from heaven with a knife (I did not know there were cutlers in heaven and murderers), and stabbed the little . boy, and let his' blood run into the cup. (Horrible!) And when the preabyter broke the bread into little pieces (the wafers are not broken, but given unbroken) the angel also cut little pieces from the body of the child! and when they came to take of the holy elements, the recluse's portion was a gobbet of bloody flesh. .Then he cried, Lord, I believe, and immediately the flesh returned bread." That the rational mind, as well as the spiritual, was not insensible to the monstrous doctrine of transubstantiation, even in the darkest ages, is proved by the scepticism of the recluse abput it. That the miraciiltm in miracvlo was invented as an argument to prove thQ; dogma ; every one with little common sense w»U perceive its absurdity, that that miracle is a production or the eighth century; yet one is not sorry to find that there were sturdy thinkers, even at such a pBriod, and in the very heart of the Lybian Desert. Let m see now what of pagan hadpapal Rome in the sacrifice of the mass. JPolidore Virgil.—This good popish writer, 12th chap. lib. 5—gives me this pretty information concerning iSie mass. It is from the worship of Isis, as it was practised in Egypt and Rome, that we have adopted the practice to dismiss the people as soon as the mass is over, with these words, 4i Ite missa est," which means, Go, the service is over. After the sacrifices to Isis, the Egyptian priest cried aloud, "Lavis Aphesis," which means, " Y6u are free to leave. The Romans borrowed the same custom from Egypt' (ApulejUs 1.. 11., as. ftur.), ending their services by shouting exactly as the Romish deacons at high'mass, " Ite mi*sa estJ' oT y .Licet, ri :> which means, L&tVe; to go. Maes vi' Latin taeaneMwsa, so that from its etymology the word at least is altogether Jut the AbW Marolles with the approval of Louis XIV. has published a book in which he proves from passages quoted from Egyptian, Roman, and Greek classics, that the Holy Mass is altogether a pagan rite. "The Pagans," says, he, "propitiated their God with meat offerings, according to Plautus, who says, " Farre pio placant," and in his Amphitrium Losia tells Alcina that he should offer to Jupiter bread with salt with spices and incense. The Romish Church calls the Sacrifice of the Mass an unbloody sacrifice. Quite so: for frctai bread we cannot get flesh and blood, and in this case she tells the truth against herself. Numa Pompilius, the second King of Rome, has been the first to introduce the unbloody sacrifices; and Pythagoras taught the Latin to offer to gods wafers of pure flour—as the Romish Church does to this day. The Pagan priests washed their hands, according to Homer, Hesiodand Virgil, and made a confession of their sins to the gods before going to sacrifice. TheRoman Catholic priests do the same before celebrating the mass. Accordine to Duchoul, page 270, it was the custom with the "Romans before their sacrifices, that the pontiffs or priests confessed their Bins. In the Romish Church the priest says—" Gonjiieor Deo omnipotenti, beaten Maria, semper Virgini.. omnibus sanctis. . .mea culpa, viea culpa, meet maxima culpa." Numa commanded that the priests should turn themselves from West to East and from North to South to worship by such acts all the Gods .known and miknown. " There is no doubt," says Polidore Virgil, "that tharpajjy ^rnir^ of the priests at mass are borrowed'from paganism. The mass cannot be celebrated except in the course of the morning, from midnight to noon. The Egyptians offered their sacrifices in the morning.—Livius 20., chap. 23. \- Vigilantius writes with indignation to St. Jerome, reproaching to him certain superstitious practices adopted by the Romish Church. We see, he says, that under pretext of piety, they introduce idolatrous usages in the Christian Church ! Shame, to light in the face of the sun, lamps and candles in honor of martyrs! Indeed, is it a great honor to them who are in the fulness of the light of God to offer to them the pale and dimmed light of our candles! It is the same of the incense offered to gods. Arnobius enquired of the pagans from whom they learnt to offer incense to idols, and whether they knew if it was agreeable to their senses ? for they are dumb as well as senseless pieces of metal or wood! If Arnobius had lived a few years later, he would have addressed the same words to popish idolaters—(Lib. 7). One may ask the Roman Catholics, as Arnobius asked the pagans, Why do you take so much care of your gods that you shut them in boxes and coffers ? Can't they take care of themselves ? Let the same remark be addressed to popery, who shuts the Sacrament lest it should be stolen according to the Decree of Innocent HI. I should exceed the limits of this article were I to quote all authorities to prove the similarity of Papal Rome with pa^an Rome. But it is-time to close the subject with a few remarks as to the contrast and little parallelism with the Israelitic service. The Aaronic service of the Old Testament was but a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things. This emblematic service is past, as having the substance we have to look to the shadow as passed and obsolete—blessed memo- rials of what was to come—but having Christ who is come, we look to Him instead of looking retrospectively to what has prefigured Him. But supposing that the Aaronic service should be still in force and commanded by God, what analogy is there between the sacrifices of the law and the mass ? None. The Israelitic priest never dreamt to offer a god to God in the cake of fine flour—never intended to offer to God anything but what expressed a thanksgiving offering, and no more. Truly, all the sacrifices of the law had a simile with that of Christ, and their imperfection was supplied by their multiplicity, in order to point out to Christ's perfect and finished sacrifice, either as a sin-offering, a burnt offering, or a meat offering, &c.; But when the Lord gave up the Ghost all was over. .God's will was done. Divine righteousness was satisfied—God's justice reconciled; and having offered by the sacrifice of Himself a sufficient atonement for our Bins, we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ, ONCE FOR ALL. What need, therefore, of an unbloody sacrifice ? We are told to offer sacrifices, but they are; "the fruit of our lips," not the flour and the wine. We have to offer " spiritual sacrifices" in communicating to the needs of the saints. (Heb. xiiii, 15-16.) We have to present our bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is our reasonable service. What is more than the doctrine of the Apostles and Prophets is not of God; and what is not of God is a strange fire in a profane censer that shall consume the selfwill of the deluded worshippers. 