? D'AHCY HEAD'S GHOBT EN TEETAIKMEIRR.—On Saturday evening, July 26, Mr. D'Arcy Bead opened at White's Booms with his ghost entertainment. There WPS a fair attsndance, and the performances were of a varied character. There were a few slight hitches in the arrangements, but these, it is eipccted, will be Bet right tonight. The programme opens with a spectral historical romance, entitled : "The £night "Watching his Armour," and in the coarse of the act a variety of songs and duets "are .sung. The Phantom 'Chrislys, "a protean opti&l; illusion " invented by Mr. Bead, gives a series of musical performances, breakdowns, &c;„. and a spectral monologue, known as "The Ghost's Bevels,'' brings the programme to a close. The entertainment will be repeated to-night. ACADEMY OF MUSIC.—An entertainment is to be given at this place of amusement to-night to aid the ; original members of the company lately playing there in leaving Adelaide for their homes in tbe other colonies. They will themselves perform " Aurora Floyd," after which Mr. W. J. Holloway -and -Miaa Carry George, of the Theatre Eoyal Company, will appear in "The Happy Pair."- The Diorama War Band,will play a eelectien, and Lieutenant Herman, the ventriloquist, will give an exhibition of his powers.' THEATRE BoTAt.—There was a large attendance at the Theatre Koyal on Saturday evening, when " Alone" andBlack-eyed Susan" were repeated. Mr. Eignold's acting in bath pieces was very effective, and he was well supported by all the members of the company. This evening an historical drama entitle! "AMO3 Chrke" is to be presented. FOOTBAIX.—The matches played on Saturday resulted in wins for the Norwoods against the Kensingtons by seven goals to nil, and the Ports against tbe Adelaides by two goals to nil. The South Parks claim to be the victors in the ma+ch against the South Adelaides by one goal to nil. The latter club kicked a goal as time was called, and the Parks objected to the Souths counting it. The South Adelaides, on the other hand, claim the goal, and say the game respited in a draw. THB BATES BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT.—The entertainment given at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday afternoon for the benefit ofllrs. Bates and family was not largely attended. The total receipts -were only about £40, but donations from professional sympathizers have been made which will enable Mr. Allison 4®'send £50 to the Melbourne committee. Several scenes bom "-Henry V." were presented, and Mr. Bignold and the members of the company were heartily received by. the audience. Miss .Watt-Tanner delivered an. addresf written by Mr. Paul W. Ward, which, however, possessed no particular interest to justify its pnblibatibn. %ha Tolnnteer Band played some selections.in jbagitp}'style. •Mr. J. P. CNeil pleased a certain sootion of thp house "with a comic song," The Policeman," and Mr. Buckley's and Miss Vivian's efforts'in thb dancing linejelicited a large amount of applause. - Professor Herman, a ventriloquist travelling in conjunction with Thompson's panorama, made his first • appearance, in Adelaide. possesses good ventriloquial powers, but performance would have been ; more apporepi&ble; if spme wit were .infused - into the sayjngs jef «• Johnny and Sarah." The archestra, under - the ffit^ctpm qf Mr. John Hall, played the ovprtqrQ to " Srani. raxnide" and a selection from " Bobert le Diable" with precision and effect. 