HOLIDAY SCRAPS. (Contributed. ) I am rather of on inquisitive.train, and quietly draw peoplo out for information and amuse ment. Tho man who related the following littlo yarn is one who may be relied on for truth, and he assures me that there aro people now living, who, besides himself, witnessed tho following story of The Old Man and His Son. Tho discovery of gold at Ophir in 1851 created an extraordinary panic iu Sydney, and for a timo bereft tho greater part of the population of its senses. Times bad been Tory bud,, and prospect of rapidly made fortunes produced a most absurd effect upon I tho citizens. Doctors, lawyers, parsons, I schoolmasters, clerks, tinkers, tailors, under takers, sailors, and tag-rag and bob-tail, after buying up, borrowing, or stealing all the iwailablo picks, shovels, crowbars, buckets, sieves, quart pots, and blankets, rushed of pell-mell to the Bluo' Mountains, bound for the new El Dorado. Some got only as far as the old "Pilgrim," on top of Lnpstonc, where their legs and their hearts failed them, and considering that they had had enough of 'going up-hill, threw, away their traps and returned-to their homes, for the nonconcured !o£ the gold fovcr. Many and remarkable jwere the incidents, merry as well as melan choly that arose out of the first rushes to tho 'now gold country. Amongst tho latter class, Itlio following is ono of sevoral that came junder ijiy own observation :— It was an* evehing'iu January of 18G2. I was returning from tho canvas capital of the Turon gold-fields—Sofala—to ray (or I should say our) tent upon famous Shcepstation Point, whistling merrily as I went—not for want of thought, lot mo hero, obsorve, for my mind just then was busily engaged in tho construe* Ition of a magnificent terial castle on the [precious metal we expected to get out of our | claim—whistling as 1 said, simply as a sort of i'inroluntary reut to buoyant spirits ; and had arriyed ; at. tho foot>.of the steep ridge that dividod, and perhaps still divides, the town from Sbeopstation, when my reverie and its musical accompanyment were suddenly and rudoly interrupted by a voice from the road side near the rivor. Dusk was now rapidly merging into.darkness with,slight clouda over head, so that .objects'even at a short distanco wore scarcely distinguishable. I stood for some time peering about, unable to discover the owner of tho aforesaid voice, until I was politely enlightened to the following effect. " Now, then, young 'un! wot air ye stearin' at? Show us the crossin', like a good chap." ;I followed tho. sound.and found a tall and apparently tough old man sitting upoii a largo swag. X bade him good evening, and after somo ordinary conversation informed hiin I would show him. tho way with pleasure, and tlwt I was at that moment at his service. "Young 'nn, ycr a brick—a downrite brick," said he, jerking out each word as he hoisted tho load over his shoulders, staggoring onoetep forward and two back. "Your swag appears to rather a weighty one," I observed. " Yor rite there," said he, and throwing tho thing down lie continued : " Strike me lucky, if I don't think it's bewitched. It's gained about throe stun sinco I loft tho Flat. I can't mako it out nohow; I can't." Ho now balanced himself on his toes, and appeared to bo medi tating. " I don't think them blolcea at Cap'in Bloomtield's play'd no tricks on mo ; no. It's rum, though,; aint it ?" I did not mako any reply, but when I took into consideration the faot that tho worthy "Cap'inV1 alluded to was a celebrated public house in the town, I thought possibly it was " rum." " No, I'll on'y keep ycr a minit or two, if yo am't in a nurry," said the old man. " I've come all the way from Newcastle to find a boy o'.mino as I was told, was workin' at Hand* 'bottlo's Pint. ' My other boys and gals is all grown up an' married an' dono for ; and as I on'y lately buryed the ole woman, I means to end mo days in peaco an' quito like, wi' my youngest son, and I must get to Handbottle's to-night; so 'ere goes." With this, ho mado preparations for a starts . It .was not difficult to see, dark as it was, that tho old fellow's extra " three stun" wero •' not in his pace. After assisting him to put his load to rights, 1 took his hand, and *yith some troublo and not a littlo 'danger pilotted him safely across tho frail rude bridgo over tho stream and along a sinuous track through a labyrinth of holes arid hillocks on to the road near the forehead of tho Point. A slight breeze had sprung up in tho meantime, clearing away tho clouds and disclosing a beautiful starlit night. Still tho path tho old man desired to tako was a perilous one, oven to a person, in a measure, accustomed to the locality, as it wound in and out amongst deserted claims, whilst the fires outside tho numerous tents and the lights within wore calculated to puzzlo and mislead tho wayfarer. I triod with all the earnestness I could commaud to prevail upou him to camp at our tent, but without the slightest effect. Ho would go on. 1 warned him to keep the road, aud bade him a good night. " I'll find him to-night—I must." Ho said this apparently to liimsdlf ; then to mo ho continued: "Yor a good 'artcd sort o'chap, young'un, yo air. Good night; God bless yor!" I lookod after him for a moment or two with certain vague misgivings and doubts as to his safety; but ho was stubborn, and I could not control him. I turned into our tent, which stood but a few yards from tho road, and my mate and self commenced supper, I relating tho littlo adveuturo while wo discussed our beefsteaks and onions and a couple of pots of strong tea. My , mate's name was Bill Emery, afterwards pretty well known from Ration Hill to the Wallaby Hocks. " Well," Bays Bill, " Any word of Joe ?" "None," said I. "I saw Pennyweight i Jack and Dick Speck at Threlkold's selling a>; I bit of gold. They told mo they'd been to 1 Big Lucas's and to tho CaptaiVs, but had learnt no tidings of .him." " Well, it is rarth'er strange of him," said he, " to clear out in that way. I can't bottom it. Blest if I can. Any alteration in gold ?" "No. Long Forbes still gives a shilling moro than tho others. It's my belief, Bill, that the diggers are robbed by a combination amongst the buyers, and we get ten shillings an ounce less than the real value of the stuff. No letters, and the only paper I could get is Bell's Life. Oh, that reminds me that I saw its old Sydney editor to-day, Dr. Revel Johnson, who looked as if he'd been putting ing to his Christian name last night. He's a queer stick, that." " Hand over the paper," says Bill, " and let's see who won tho fight—old Paddy Sin* clair and tho Parramatta Pup." Bill was soon deep in a graphic description of tho mill between Paddy and tho Pup, while I lit my pipe, and, full stretch on my back, turned to work at that, grand castle of mine, ever so many stories high, high up in tho clouds. " Ah! What's that ?" "Round 7," said Bill, reading aloud. " Both men carao up smiling, and after a littlo sparring the Pup led off with his loft; Paddy returned with his right—a smasher on tho conk— ..Eh!- What that?" "Didn't you hear that dull, smothered Vthoiig ' ? I hope tho old ohap hasn't got off tho* track and tumbled into one of those sincere." "Oh,1* aays. Bill, "it's an old drivo givo way, moat likely,*' and again rushed into the middle of tho fight. "There's something wrong," said I, getting up. Cries of " A ropo - A ropo, hereJ Fetch a light," &c.;, wore now heard in different voices. Wo hurried out and saw lights moving about, amidst bustlo and confusion, some distance down the road. Wo found the crowd round a deserted shaft that had been put down in tho usual inexperienced way, and which I knew to be some forty feet deep. A rope was lowered, but as no secure footing could be hud on tho brink of tho dark yawn ing pit, after somo slight dolay slabs were procured and laid across it. A man on his knees on the slabs, with a stout rope in his hands, now shouted: "Hallo, below there! Here's a rope; if you can, make fast." A sound between a grunt and a groan came up, and a strain appeared on the rope. " Take your time and make quite taut," shouted the satno man, "and we'll have.you up in a jiffy." A feeble " sight." floatod upwards. Two men now pnllcd away hand over hand, while some held candles and others took in the slack, and others again peered auxiously down the shaft. " He's uncommon light," snid tho foremost man at tho rope. " Hah, horo ho comes!" A dead silence of eoino dozon soconds here followed, as a shapeless mnss slowly grow out of tho darkness. " Why, I blest," exclaimed ho of the rope, " if he ain't tied hissolf round tho middle and is comin1 up liko a sack!" " He's lost iiis head," says one, seriously. " But ho ain't got no legs," returned another. A few moro feet of ropo were taken in, when there was a pauso, broken by the first speaker : " May I be biled down in a quart pot if it ain't his swag!" The painful pont-up feelings of tho crowd of eager men around the hole now found -relief in a general bur3t of laughter as the bundle was hauled out. " It is tho old man," said I to Bill. " Thank God, he's not seriously hurt." "Who is ho? What is ho? Do you know him ?" was demanded of mo from all sides. I briefly told all I knew, and wo set to work to get him up. A loop was made on the end of the ropo, which was again lowered, and in a short timo " All right" was heard "faintly from below ; and in a few minutes afterwards the old man—for it was ho—was safely do* positod upon the grass, when ho fainted, i An examination of his body and limbs told | us, as far as wo were able to judge, that no bones were broken ; and somo brandy and i water assisted very considerably to revive him. After a while he sat upright, and motioned with his hand towards the hole with eager looks, and tried to speak, but failed. " Well," says Bill, "he's a queer old blado ; don't you ece he's askin' for his hat as plain's a post. It's all right old boy, never mind that 5 we'll soon find you another. Give him a drop o' hard tack. Perhaps he'll find his tongue directly. Bill's suggestion was acted upon, and again pointing towards tho shaft, ho suid, Tory faintly : M A man—at—the bottom." " Oh, tho shock has upset tlie poor fellow's brain," romarked a bystander. The old man continued: "I felt—his face an'hands—dead." Bill earao over to where X stood and whis pered : " 1'vo a strange notion j p'raps the old man's right. I trust in hcaron ho's not tho1." Tlicu aloud : "Lct'dhave a stiff nip and a lautern, and X'll go down." A second rope arid a lantern wore soon ready, and Bill was slowly lowered into tho shaft. A solemn silence prevailed, until a husky voice from below was heard to say: "My God! Dead ! dead! Pull .me up ! Pull mo up!" Ho was hastily drawn to tho top and car ried a few yards from tho holo by two men and myself. Uo was as'pale .as^ a ghost and trembled. "It's Joe," said ho. The body was hauled, and it's face turnod towards the light of tho candles, while the diggers in silenco crowded round and gazed upon tho well-known features of " Har'bottlo's Joe." A weird and torriblo cry of anguish' burst upon tho stillness of the night, and cehocs from the hills replied : " My boy 1 My boy) Boy."., The old inan lay stretched upon the corpse. Ho had found his son. Tho stalwart and hardy forms who made part of this melancholy scene turned aside their heads to hide their tears—the hard, strong tears of men. The Commissioner held an inquest next day, and at nightfall a little pile of stones marked the last earthly rcsting-placo of father and son. 