ITJEMS OF NEWS. Mr D'Arcy Read has all his apparatus put into position at the Orderly-room for his exhibition of ghosts to-night. These sensational spectres of his have been the occasion of much diversion alike in India as in Australia, and they will no doubt greatly amuse the audience that assembles to-night. All attempts at acclimatising ghosts in the colony have hitherto failed, but although what is regarded as the genuine article has not frozen the blood of young Australia, yet he Avill see spectres in abundance such as have obtained credit for terrifying people out of their Avits in tho old country. There is this difference, how ever, that Mr Read's ghosts are full of fun, as playful as a kitten and as serial as a balloon. Sometimes they aro to be seen floating in mid air, Avalking up a Avail, having a break doAA'n, or vanishing aAvay noiselossly. In the programme of to-night there will bo perplexing confusion be- tAveen the ghosts and the Christy Minstrels, sometimes the one Avill sing the refrain, some times the other, and they Avill change places in a Avay bettor known to themselves than the specta tors. In the Haunted House or the ghost's reA-els, in aa-hich the principal flesh and blood part is taken by Mr D'Arcy Read, there will be : a multiplicity of these spectral illusions such as readers may bo familiar Avith Avho have indulged in-gliost stories. Science in spirit thus presented Avill convey instruction mingled with tho lightest of fantastic amusoment, so that laughter and learning may go hand in hand together. The Orderly Room has been fitted up like a theatre, Avith a stage and scenery together, Avith seats for the comfort of the audience, and a crowded house may be expected to hold converse aa'ith the un canny spirits. The Ladies' Committee acknowledges the re- coipt Of £1 from Mr R. Mitchell, in aid of their funds. Wo are requested to notice that the Austra lian Felix Insurance Company has removed thoir office to Collins-street Avest, two doors from Elizabeth-street. After the meeting of tho Mount Alexander- sliire Council on Tuesday, the representatives of the Fryers and Vaughan Riding visited the Avorks in progress at the Vaughan bridge, and expressed themselves Avell satisfied Avith the pro gress made by the contractor, Mr Goodrope. A magisterial inquiry was held at tho hospital yesterday, before Mr Peavce, J.P., on the body of Toon Wen. The deceased, who had been sick for about three months, was brought in from Vaughan in a moribund state. His death Avas attributed by Dr. M'Grath to a Avasting of the body (marasmus), and a verdict was found in ac cordance with the medical testimony. A meeting Avas called by the Mayor at the Town-hall last night of burgesses avIio were willing to form themselves into a committee for the purpose of collecting subscriptions in aid of the suffering shareholders in the Glasgow Bank, but after waiting half an hour there were but the Mayor and Crs Greenhill and Mitchell pre sent, so the mooting lapsed. One of the inebriates brought up at the police court yesterday Avill, no doubt, profit by tho advice lie received from the arresting oonstable, Senior-Constable NoAvlan. He was found lying at the railway station drunk and asleep, Avitli fifteen sovereigns, a £5-note, and eight half- crowns in his coat pocket. He left tho town yes terday, and thanked the constable for taking caro of himself and monoy. The Loyal Chewton Lodge hold their anniver sary yostorday at tho recreation ground, Avhen the juvenile lodge turned out in good number and indulged in various amusomonts to their hoarts' content. They had the customary pic nic, aa'ith tea and the concomitants that go to make up a plentiful repast. After tho rejoicing of the day, an adjournment was mado to the OddfelloAvs' Hall, Avhero dancing Avas kept up to a late hour. At the Police Court yesterday, before Dr. Malcolm and Mr Pearco, J.P.'s, the following cases wero dealt AA'ith William Thompson, alias Scully, and Mary Thompson, for using obscene language Avithin the hearing of persons passing in a public place, Avore each fined £10, iii default 3 months' imprisonment. A drunkard Avas fined Is and 2s Gd costs. Wm. M'Laron Avas sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment for vagrancy. The screams of a drunken Avoman aroused a number of sleepers in Mostyn-streot from their bods yesterday morniug. Sho was found near the Chinese lane, and had evidently Bpeut the night in that questionable locality. Although Constables Gilligan and Locke did their level best to take her to tho lockup quietly, she re sisted to such an extent that it Avas not until Senior Constable Wilkinson and another member of tho force arrived that she could be corn-eyed to safe quarters. On being placed in the cell, she Avas vory violont. At tho last meeting of the NeAvsteadshire Council it aa-as agreed to rocommond as an indoor patient to the Hospital a man named Brown, suffering from paralysis. He was a fit patient for the Benevolent Asylum, but the Council were unable to recommend him.' BroAvn, avIio is over sixty years of a'-e, came to Castlemaino on Tuesday evening, and proceeded to the Hos pital ; liOAvever, as nothing could be clone for him there, lie aa'as not admitted. After Avan- dering through the toAvn the invalid and his Avifo Avero directed to Mr Baker's Temperance hotel. Thore they aa-ere housed, fed and caved for, until yesterday morning, tho unfortunato couple being penniless. Mr Baker spent somo time in seeing the house committee, and eventually obtained an order for tho old man's admission to tho Be nevolent Asylum, Avhero ho Avill doubtless spend thojemaindcr of his days. 1 Several cases wero adjudicated at tho Police- Court yesterday that might have with propriety been adjourned till the regular court clay, inas much as three persons Avere each sentonced to fines of L10, or in default of payment to be im prisoned for three months. When charges aro of a gravity to entail such a punishmont as this, they should surely be .heard on tho recognised days for the court being open to the public. To deal aa'ith them Avhen no person may bo presont but the accused and the magistrates may lead to serious doubts as to the equity Avith aa-hich offenders are punished. Except on Tuesday and Friday there is no regular hour for clearing tho charge sheet, nor is it of much importance aa'hen it is done, generally speaking, but yester day was exceptional. Fortunately there is no occasion to impugn tho justice of the sentences, severe though they ho, of the magistrates. For some time past two exceedingly Ioay and dissi pated characters havo been living in the neigh borhood of tho gas works, and have by acts of. gross indecency, and by using language of tho foulest and filthiest description become a nui sance to tho neighborhood. Senior Constable Wilkinson hearing of this, took tho matter in haAid, and had the offendei'3 arrested on Avar- rant. His ovidencc, together Avith that of Con stable Gilligan and tAVo neighbours, sheeted home the offence to the accused. An old cul prit, a female, Avas properly ranked in the same category as the preceding. Over lOin of rain have fallen in the Tarmvorth district since February 1st. The season there promises to be the best for six years. From fourteen tons of stone, taken from tho No. 2 North Lady Reef, Gympie, on 4th March, the splendid yield of 771oz. 4dAvt of gold Avas ob tained. Tho Railway department has resolved to accept Messrs NeAA'ton and Borland's tender for the con struction of a brick railway station at Geelong, the price being £8758 14s 10d.. A man, unknown, Avas killed oil the line near Redfern terminus, Noav South Wales, on Tuos- day. He Avas seen lying across the rails as the luggage train came up, and made no effect to escape, though the whistle was sounded and the brake put on. The Geelong Advertiser states that on Sunday afternoon Messrs Eicke and Hunter visited the North Shore, and whon there they aroused a couple of foxes, and a dog they had with them was started after the largest of the vermin. After a hot run of two miles the fox Avas caught and killed, and it is the intention of the gentlemen named to have the animal stuffed. _ The folloAving is the return of traffic 011 the Victorian Raih\'ays for the week ending 27th February, 1879 : — No. of passengers, 56,020 ; corresponding date in 1878, 49,436 ; passen gers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, £9,605 6s 6d ; merchandise, minerals and cattle, £13,767 0s Od ; total for the Aveek, £23,372 6s od. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £830,326 10s Id. Weekly aA'erage 35 weeks, £23,723 12s 3d. At one of tho late sitting of the Wesleyan Me thodist Conference for these colonies tho subject' Avas discussed of taking into their ovm hands the insurance of their churches, and so saving to the revenues of the society the £300 or £400 aa-hich is annually expended on that object. The plan has been adopted by the Wesleyan body at home and Avith great success, insurances having been' effected since its introduction on no less than 75 per cent, of their churches. Dealing aa'ith the West Bourke election the Presbyterian RevieAV Avrites : — " We do not be lieve much in the ballot-box and in the possibil ity of getting our best and wisest to have the command of us merely by the counting of votes the majority of Avhich have no wisdom and no sense of rectitude in them. But Avhen the very ballot-box is prostituted to such ignoble uses and is handled in such a scandalous manner as Ave have seen in the case of West Bourke, then the very devil— the father of lies — is in it, and. hoAV to get him out of it no man can tell. Mr J. G. Beauey continues in Great Britain the practice of free banquets in his own honour aa-hich was initiated here. At an entertainment of this class at Dublin somo singular statements were made. According to the report ' of the Home NeAvs, the Rev. Dr Haugliton aa'as in the chair, and he stated that Mr Beaney had been introduced to him "as the representative of the colony of Victoria. " And Mr Beaney him self remarked, " When I was about to" leave Australia I Avas honoured by our Premier Avith a commission to visit and inspect the hospitals and schools in these countries, and to report on mv return on all I have seen." No one here, says the Argus, is aAvare of any authority for Mr Beaney assuming to be a representative of the colony. If any commission has been issued to him, as his remarks aa-ould indicate, it has not been gazetted, and the circumstance has been kept a profound secret in the colony. An ex planation is called for. There are evidently some mean thieves in the habit of frequenting the railway station on the arrival and departure of the trains. On Tuesday forenoon, says the Star, a Avoman, accompanied by tAVO little children, entered a carriage of the StaAA-oll line, intending to travel to that toAvn. The mother, being rather busy Avith tho little ones, and the modest luggage of her family, laid her purse on tho seat in readiness to take it to the ticket office. While her back was turned for a moment, some one appropriated the purse. The poor Avoman's distress at her loss can be imagined. There Avas not much money — pro-; bably a pound — in tho purse, but to the loser it Avas everything, as she had no other resources, and her visit to StaAvell could not he delayed. HoAvever, there were some gentlemen on tho platform of the right stamp, and a subscription, headed by Mr O'Malley, stationmaster, aa-as got up at once, and the Avoman was enabled to pur chase tickets for the journey, and had a feAV shillings in her pocket besido. Her thanks Avere very feelingly expressed, to those Avho assisted her in her distress, Avhilo Ave suppose tho skulk ing rascal who robbed a poor Avoman and her children crept aAA-ay to spend his ill gotten gains amongst other blackguards of his oavii class. The negotiations for the inclusion of Mullagh, the aboriginal cricketer, in the Victorian team aa-ho aro to meet the English cricketers in a return match, have been successful. He (says the Herald has finally agreed to play, and is ex pected in Melbourno this afternoon. This will, no doubt, increase tho interest in the match, for many hundreds will attend to see a blackfelloAV playing scientific cricket, as Mullagh can. Tho final selection of tho Victorian team has been made, and it is as follows: — Allan, Alexander, Blackliam, Boyle, Baker, D. Campbell, W. H.' Cooper, Horan, Moulo, Mullagh, and J. Slight. The absence of Majors name aa'ill, no doubt, be noticod with surprise by all avIio rivitnessed his sturdy defence and fino all-round batting, which did much to Avin the last matoh. It is therefore necessary to explain that he is too umvell'to play just noAr, or ho Avould, undoubtedly, have been included to tho exclusion probably of Moule. As it stands, hoAvover, tho Victorian team is a strong one nearly all round. Should Allan, Alexander, Boyle and Cooper boAvl in anything iiko their best form Victoria will Avin. Mullagh is also said to be in fiue boAvling form; but seeing that neither Allan nor Boyle has done anything par ticular of late with the ball, and Cooper after all is a bowler aa-Iio if once collared must bo terribly punished, avo cannot but regard the Victorians as rather weak in this department. The English men, anxious to avert a repetition of their pre vious defeat, will no doubt put their strongest team in the field ; and if Mr Penn's leg is suffi ciently well he aa'ill probably replace Mackinnon, who is about tho aa'oakost all round among the visitors. There are those who incline to tho be lief that the Victorians aa'ith an undoubtedly strengthened team must win ; but although aa-o expect a closo finish, Ave should take tho English men for choice. Play Avill commence at eleven o'olock on Friday, and that day has boen pro claimed a holiday from noon. Our (Bendigo Independent) Kangaroo Flat correspondent Avrites The Avife of Mr Angus Rose, a long and much respected resident of LaAiecoorie, Avas burnt to death on Friday last. ! Mrs Rose was in tho act of gathering some chips of AVood near a fire outsido of her dwelling usod for domestic purposes, aa'hen her dress caught fire. EA'ory moans aa'as takon to relievo the un fortunate Avoman, but she succumbed to horrible injuries within four hours after tho accident. Her age was 70 years. Tho value of the imports at the .port of Mel bourne during the week ending 1st inst. amounted to £263,328. Of apparel aAid slops the amount Avas £6414; cotton prico goods, £17,364 ; haberdashery, £5171 ; shirtings, £11,369 ; coals, £4923 ; refined sugar, £18,484 ; tea, £5000; tobacco, £6018; gold (specie), £30,000. The value of exports for the same period amounted to £232, 736, tho principivl items being — Boots and shoos, £2050 ; flour, £4014 ; wheat, £12,869 ; leather, £8330 ; preserved meats, £7,586 ; kerosene, £4426 ; tal Ioay, £24,519 ; tea £3,631. The statement of territorial revenue from 1st July, 1878, to 21st February, 1879, furnished by tho Lands department, shoAA-sa satisfactory con dition of things in regard to the progress of pay ments for licences and leases, considering the badness of the season and the consequent general stagnation in farming business. Tho estimated amount from licence and lease progress payments for the year aa'as £637,350, and up to 21st Feb ruary of last £371 ,028 had been received. The proportionate amount receivable to that date aa-as £410,120, so that tho apparont deficiency to that date aa-as only £39,092. The mysterious disappearance of a Avoman named Catherine Edwards has beon reported to the police. Sho lived in Cremorne-streot, Rich mond, and has been missing, along Avith a little boy her son, since tho 23rd of last month. Sho is described as folloAvs : — 28 years of age, 6ft. 6in. in height, fair comploxion, dark eyos, slender build, dressed in a aa'hite Princess robe, and light straAV hat trimmed Avith black velvet .and - Avhite feather. Tho boy is six years of age, of fair complexion, and dressed in light holland overall, trimmed aa'ith turkey red cotton. The Riverine Herald has the folloAving :— The latest freak of Mr Edward.Kelly is a very ric h one, and fully maintains his character of being possessed of the very largest amount of impu dence. In a mining centre aa'ithin the boun daries of the electorate of Rodney, a grand fete i3 to be held 011 St. Patrick's Day next. In this toAvn resides one who is said to be acquainted Avith the Kelly and Quinn families, and last aa'eek he received a letter from Ned Kelly, enclosing a Lo-note toAA-ards the funds for tho demonstra tion on St. Patrick's Day, the recipient averring that Kelly naively states that tho banknote was u portion of the plunder annexed at Jorilderie. The receiver of the money says it is not impossi ble that tho Kellys will form a portion of the concourse at the fete. A coav, Avhen endeavouring to escape from one of the Corporation yards, at Geelong, pushed her head through a narroAV aperture betAveen the gate and a post, the opening being there for the pur pose of alloAving 0110 man to squeeze into the yard to turn the beasts round. The coav says the Ad\\-ertiser, was unable to extri cate her head, and for half an hour she plunged about in a frantic manner, injuring one of her horns, tearing off one of her ears and bursting the ball of one of her eyes. Ulti mately the post had to be sawn off" near the ground, and then the spectators had to make for places of safety, as the cow, belloAving aa'ith rage made a 3udden plunge, got clear, and ran madly around for some time. Referring to the result of tho "West Bourko election, the Ballarat Courier says : — " The Opposition are beaten on their laAv and thrashed 011 their facts. They are, indeed, completely Avorsted on both counts. The course Avhich the Acting Premier has pursued is shown by one of the ablest lawyers in the colony to havo been the only course he could have legally taken ; and the return of Mr Deakin, even if 110 hitch had occurred, is shoAvn to have been certain. Under all the circumstances pf the ease, the Opposition would do Avell, as aa'e have said, to drop this NeAA'ham case without delay, because the more they Avrite about it the more they sIioav their ignorance of tho subject. o11 general grounds there otn be 110 doubt that no man should lose his vote aa'hen he goes to the poll ing-booth to record it. On this point avo are quite as strong as any other part in the land. But the Government in tho West Bourke case have complied Avith the terms of the act, and Mr Harper has sustained 110 loss by the blunder of the returning officer. There is not a scintilla of ground, therefore, for the Opposition to raise a cry of foul play in this case, or for the Govern ment to be blamed for their conduct at this con test." The Ballarat Star of the 4th inst. Avrites : — " We looked into one of tho cells of the Eastern lock-up on Monday morning, tho Avatch- house- keeper having intimated that he had a strange lodger. On a pile of rags which had once formed a coat sat, or rather crouched, one of Dean Swift's yahoos. The dirty, unkempt thing presented about as loathsome a spectacle as can be imagined. It rose as the door aa'os opened, and our first impression was that the mass of foul humanity had been half-roasted on a bush fire, and then rolled in a mud hole to cool duAvn. Shoeless, scarred all over the head, arms, and legs, eyebroAvs burnt off, and eyes in a fear ful condition, the horrid- looking creature ad dressed the sergeant of police, and stated that ho had " bceu burnt aa'ith wild camomile flowers out at Warrenheip aa'hile engaged harvesting. " The story, of course, aa'as Avild and untruthful, but it formed tho only reason tho man could as- sigh for his Avretched condition. The proba bility is that Avhilo under tho influence of bush brandy the felloAV had rolled into a fire, and he narrowly escaped being roasted. He had got into Ballarat by some means or other on Mon day, and had given himself up to the police, ask ing to bo sent to gaol for medioal treatment. The Bench complied Avith his request. " The border Post of tho 1st inst. records an extensive and fatal bush fire : — " Last Wednes day, February 26, tho second ''Blaok Wednesday' Ave have had this season, will long bo remembered as one of tho most disastrous day, for the district that it has ever soon. It commoneod bright and sunny, but not hot, a cool north-Avesterly breezo considerably modifying the intensity of tho sun's rays. The appearance of things j ustified the pre diction Avhieh, howovor, proved fallacious, that there Avould be a heavy fall of rain at or before eA-ening. At about half-past 9 o'clock the wind increased to tremendous force, and denso clonrlq of dust SAvept over the toAvn and country. The storm continued unabated until 12 noon when the wind veered to tho Avestward, and then al though it had not much diminished in force the dust ceased to fly. It was iioav seen from toAvn that several extensive bush fires woro burn ing to tho Avest, north-Avest, and north-east ; and muoh anxiety Avas feltastothedamagethey iniriit do. Tho most disastrous firo was that aa-Iioso smoko Avasseen to the north-eastward, and aa'hich SAvept a.large tract of country from Worrolow to several miles boyond tho border of tho colony" The reflection on the dark banks of clouds that threatened rain but brought none, as seon from Mount Gambier, Avas very fino. The Avind con tinued strong until about 11 p.m., and tho fire continued its progress until then uninterrupedly. The scene of desolation that presented itself on Messrs Kilsky's and Renfrey's properties 011 Thursday morning, when our reporter visited Red Camp, aa-as most melancholy. Tho hiriiest gum trees were scorohod beyond reoovery, ruins of fences and huts shoAvod themselves around and the bare sandhills 011 Mr ICilsby's property deprived of all their scant vegetation, looked as white and. shifting as hummoeks on tho sea-shore Dead and wounded sheep wore lying in groups in every direction, and scorcB of brush kangaroo, stupefied or wounded by the fire, wero jumping about, and in many cases would hardly move out of the way. It h hard to estimate the total loss by the fire, but the damage is probably close on £6000. An old man named Wm. Oak,shephord- ing jor Mr R. D. Ronfry, Avhile hastening with his sheep out of danger, was overtaken by the firo and literally roasted. He was brought into tho hospital, but died soon aftor." Writing on the Chief Secretary's mission to England, the Sydney Evening News says : — Judging from the telegraphic report, Mr Berry ha3 been received by Sir Michael Hicks-Boach in a manner worthy of the high position of both those gentlemen. The Secretary for the Colo nies is. an English gentleman, and could not treat the chief Victorian adviser to his Sovereign othei'Avise than Avith courtesy and honor. If the rabid opponents of Mr Berry in Victoria expect English statesmen to behave to him as they do, they ore grievously mistaken. As the Premier of an Australian colony, commanding the great est Parliamentary majority ever known in colonial annals, Mr Berry deserves a most re spectful attentioninDowning'street, and it would be a great' slight to all the colonies if ho did not receive it. Mr Henry Jefferson, Avho occupied tho posi tion of post and telegraph master at Jerilderie. Avhen the township Avas visited by the Kelly gang, has been removed to Deniliquin. When Mr Jefferson Avas liberated from the confinement imposed upon him by Ned Kelly, ho with tho aid of volunteers had the line immediately re paired, Avhon the neAVS of the depredations of tho Kellys at Jorilderie Avas despatched to all parts of the colony, notAvithstanding that Nod Kelly told him (Mr Jefferson) that if any messages Avere' sent until tho folloAA'ing day he Avould return and shoot those who took part in repairing the line. Upon this information reaching Sir Henry Parkes and the Postmaster- General, they thought it prudent to remove Mr Jefferson at once to Deniliquin, in case the gang should return and carry out their threat. Mr Jefferson, states, the Gazette, earnestly protested against being removed, and informed Sir Henry Parkes that he would much sooner stay at his post and risk the consequences than go to Deniliquin. According to the Pall Mall Gazette of Decem ber 31, the conditions of life in Mexico are not improving." " Tho massacre which took place at Guadalajara, in Mexico, 011 the evening of the 3rd inst. seems to havo been singularly at- trocious, even when judged by tho Mexican standard. According to the account given by a correspondent of the NeAv York Herald, Avriting from the city of Mexico on the 7th of December, the newly-elccted Governor of the State of Jalisco, Senor Reistra, a firm partisan of Vallartc, lately decreed an extraordinary tax of 1 per cent, on all real estate and capital. The merchants of Guadalajara and other toAA'ns in the state telegraphed to President Diaz a protest, against the imposition of this tax, and asked for protection. No ansAver to this appeal aa'as received, but the merchants aa-Iio signed tho telegram to the President were imprisoned Avithout delay, as Avere also all avIio, Aviien the tax aa-as being collected, murmured against it. Disgusted at these proceedings, the people of' Guadalajara held a mass meeting in the public square of that city 011 the oa- ening of the 3rd inst. to protest against the arbitrary conduct of the authorities. Tlio GoA'ernor, indignant at this expression of public opinion, ordered a de tachment of troopers out of the Government Palace ; the troops dreAv up in line, and without the slightest Avarning fired 011 the croAvd, killing - five principal merchants of Guadalajara, one of Avliom, it is stated Avas an English subject. : In the meantime, the Mexican Minister, Zamacara; has been assuring the merchants of Chicago tliat that lioAvhere is life and property more secure than in Mexico. " 