Thk. Case of Gkok'.je PtciutiiKJE. Our uiorniug contemporary is labouring under some Btrange delusion. He seems to imagine that the fact of his taking the opposite side to us in the matter of the 1 himndge prosecution has caused us annoyance. Nothing could be further from the truth. We confess that the cfr cu instance of his adopting an indepen dent rule haa excited in us some astonish* ment, but the novelty of this procedure on hispart is rather refreshing than otherwise.,; Imitation may be the aineerest form^of ' flattery, but it becomes monotonous when, as in the case of bur contemporary, it is pertistently practised, and even an Iowa-, sxcnal diiplay of' professional jealousy, if ifc takes -the 'shape of opposition,' cornea as a relief.; ? Our sole ground of regret ia that our contemporary has not awaited some more fitting opportunity for trying the experiment of going alone. The com plaint brought forward by Plumridgein his exceedingly temperate letter was one which was calculated to enlist public sym pathy, and nothing that haabeen advanced has tended to show that that sympathy was in the slightest degree misplaced. Our contemporary— proceeding upon a state ment of the caae which, whatever may have been its source, was the very reverso of friendly to the complainant— main- tained that no fault was to be found either with the system under which the inanities detailed by Plumridge had been heaped upo.i Him nor with tho manner of its administration. Against this criticism, purporting as it did to give tho police view of tho matter, both riunnidgo and ourselves protested, aa adding insult to injury. Our con temporary, in his replication, con veniently omitted to notice that tho grounds upon which he had seen lit to allege untruthfulness against Plumridge had been cut from under him, and applied himself mainly to abusing the Jiemster. To this abuse we wcro not careful t« reply, but reiterated our reasons for asserting that our correspondent had been cruelly treated, ;md mentioned two new acts which gave additional emphasis to he allegation. One of these was that his house had been searched without a warrant, in defiance of tho rule that a man is held to be innocent until proved guilty, and the other that bail had been formally asked for on the day after the remand and had been re fused, the police apparently having lent no assistance in eudeavouring to secure his release. This fresh evidenoo ia not only ignored by our contemporary, but the statement is made that no new facts were brought forward by us. Having respect to his claim to a monopoly of strong epithets we refrain from UBing the word which best charac teiizes this assertion. We may say fuither that inasmuch as an investigation into the case has been ordered, we feel it useless at this stage to maintain the utterly improiitable controveay into which the discussien of this matter has resolved itself. We cheerfully renounce all claim to the privilege of having the last word. The C&nriHix; Sittihos. — The«e sittings will be resumed this morning, at 10 o'clock, under the presidency of His Honor the Chief Justice. Pro bath axd Succession Duties.— From * return laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday, we learn that the amooats which have been collected from estates under £500 under the Probate and Succession Duties Act of 1876 are m follows.— In 1816 (two months), £32 ; 1877, £067 8a. 100.: 1878, £773 9s. 6d.; and 1879 (to tbe end of June), £468 3b. 10d.-total, £1,939 2s. M. Thb Hiutabt Spobt8.— The |»port» got up nnder the auspices cf the volunteer force on tho Adelaide Oval on the Duke of Edinburgh' birthday were eminently successful. There wm a large number of spectators, who showed the greatest interest in the various contests of skill, strength, and endurance, and the weather wan of a character calculated to add to tbe enjoyment of the holiday, although it threatened rain near the close of the day. CiTT Mission Hall.— An entertainment will be given this evening by the Black Diamond Minstrels in the City Mission Hall. OPEMWa MT7SBCM8 ON SrWDlTB.— A public meeting will be held at the Town Hall this evening to consider Mr. Fraser's motion in reference to tbe opeuiDg of institutes and museums on Sundays. Pbttt Thbft.— The box in wliicb contribu tions to the Children's Hospital are put was stolen from the bar of the Eirl of Aberdeen Hotel, Hurtle Square, on tbe evening of Tuesday, August 5. The landlord (Mr. Walker) says that the thief must have been pretty smart , aa the bar is not recolk :ted to have been lef for a minute during the whole evening. Gawleb Musical Usiom. — A geueral meeting of this Association was held at the Gawlcr Insti tute on Tuesday evening, August 5, wbun Mr. £L Catre, in a neat little speech on behalf of the members of the Society, presented Miss Lucy Nott and Mr. E. Wright with a purse of money each, not in recompense for their services but as a slight token of the respect in which, they are held by the members of the club ; and the interest they have taken in the Union since its formatiou. They each suitably returned thanks. Post Wobiumq Meh's Association Aim Seamen's Ukion. — These bodies .united in holding a demonstration at the Alberton Gas works ground on Wednesday, August 0. The Association gave a dinuer ia the,- Town Hall, Fort, in the evening, at which Mr. J. C Bray, MJ\, presided, and the Attorney-GeiiersJ was present. , j Axxivehsaet Skkvices. — The anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, Monarto, was cele brated on Sunday and Monday, July 27 and 26 On Sunday the Rev. J. Lyal], of Adelaide, preached two most instructive and impressive sermons to full ami attentive congregations On Monday afternoon about 130 persons sat down to an excellent tea, and the public meeting that followed was much larger thau the church could accommodate. The pastor (Kev. A. Law) presided, and replied the potiitiouoi the con gregation. The Rev. Mr. Lyall cave .a most interesting address, and a number oTsucred songs were sung in good taste by tbe cljoir, Mi«s Law presiding at tho harmonium. Tlw usual votes of thanks were moved by Messrs. Tilbrook and Downing. The proceeds of the anniversary amounted to £10 13h. Akchebt Ci.ru.— The annual meetipg takes place August 18. Death fbom Eatimq Bitter Almoudb. — An inquest was held by Mr. W. B. RaDdell, J.P., and a Jury of thirteen at the residence of Mr. Day, Kenton Valley, on Tuesday, August 5, on the body of a cnild named Elisa Jaggard. Mr. Cornish was chosen foreman of the Jury. Augusta Day said that deceased came to her house on tbe previous afternoon about 1 o'clock, and went into the garden witb her sister. She came in again about 4 o'clock, when she com aierjcfcd crying, but shortly afterwards dropped off to sleep. Tried to awaken her about fifteen minutes after, when olio began to scream out. She seemed to be in a kind of fit. Witness then sent for Mrs. Edwaids, who gave her »omn ►alt-and-water, ilw mustard-and- water. They then sent for Dr. Holthouse, but he was not at home. Telegraphed for the child's father and mother. Tbe child kept getting worse, and died about 7 o'clock; the parents arrive! about 12 the same night. Annie Jag^&rd; sa;d deceased was her sister, aud they Hvnl with Mrs. Day. She went into the gwlf iv with her sister on Monday, when she saw hex' -«', some almonds— abo.n a tiv/.^n or two. Deceased began to cry nfttr eating them, mi she took her up to the iiotse. wbero she went to sleep, but woVe up screaming and ia a kind of fit, seemingly in great puin. Her broth, r eat soino almonds, but wan nick and threw them up again. Did not know hitter almonds were jioi&onous; or she would nut have let them eat any. Her M»ter dird shout 7 o'clock. Catherine Krrma Kdwards said Mm. Day sent for her, acd when sbe arrived she fonud the child in a kind of fit and quite un/'onscioUK. Mrs. Day said the was afraid she hud been eat ing bitter almonda. Her tetith were tight together, and her mouth was closed. Tried to lurcesomeiuUHtard-and-water and salt-and-water -3owu her throat, -iut did not think she swal? lowed any. Distinctly smelt bitter almonds from her breath. She died about 7 o'clock. Dr. Hermann Esau said he had carefully examined tbe body of tbe decc&aed; child. From tbe evi dence which he had ' heard he had no doubt whatever but the child died of very acuto poisoning caused by eating a quantity of bitter almondt*. The bitter almonds wepe fall of the essential cil of. bitter almondsf which .oil con tained a large quantity of prussio acid— & vary deadly vegetable poison. He wm perfectly satUfied from tbe quantity that the child bad taken that that was the cause of death. The following verdict was returned !^-'.TJut Eliza Jane Jaggard died from the effects of eating some bitter almonds. The Jury with to add . that greater care uliould be taken by those who grow bitter almonds, and it should bo made known widely that they are & deadly poison. ' , TvUT ASBLAU» XIOHT-HOCBS JUS3OCIAT10N.— A * full attendance* of rtlie! P.P.&H.; Committee was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, St. Vincent- street, Port ^Adelaide. It was fully determined by tfce .committee to use every rndeavour to malre tbe picnic at the Pinery as attractive as possible to please all parti**. Tbe Cnsirmm (Mr; i& Websler) explained to the meeting that up to the present time he had Jtoeived every enoourogemect from paities in -Port Adelaide, abd if each of the«uT--i-miaiittee was alive to his duty he thought that the success this year would exet-1 Innt year. Several gentle men had come forward and allowed thfsir names to be used as patroi.«, vuoogst wboAi he might 'mention MecsrH. T. Hack (the Ifoyor), D. Bower, M.P.. W. O. uin, P.uudy, md Fletcher. A Catering Committee w.tn formed, and the Sport* Committee submitted their report, which Wt* »r!oi)ted by the meeting. Mr. W. «£riu, M.1',, had pronsised a dilver rup to be comi^ei tor, for the. best piece of r.,',oi,ial industry ; bat the tirre leing to short it was thought ful*ifuble_ to interview Mr. -t»-iiu and explain matter* to him. The meeting broke up at a late boor, THEfiEAOi-n. — This horse, so well known nt the Rapid Bay stud, left Adelaide fif Tnesrtay i u charge of Mr. T. Jordan, bound for Melbourne 21b Tsm Emtdb Advesttbe. — The police are ttill busily investigating the extraordinary narrative related by Miss Adelaide Froade, of Glanrille. Nothing of importance respecting ite natter has, however, transpired, with the exception that the girl's statement has been cor roborated in some miEor particulars. She was seen eomins to Adelaide by the 8.30 train on Sunday night, and one or two men have come forward atating that they met her walking along the beach in the direction ol the Semaphore, a.s alleged in her statement. Various surmises fcave been made, but it is ucadrisable to give cnriency to what may be empty rumours. Glesexo Cgxgregatio--jx Chcech. — The members of this Church held a meeting in the schoolroom on Monday, August 4, to receive the retost of the committee which had been ap pointed to make all necessary arrangements in connection with the erection of the proposed new church. The Eev. Chas. Manthorpe pre sided. The following is the report that was presented :— ' Since the last meeting of Church and congregation, held on May 27, 1678 your committee have received iu pro mises and cash £2,150. Your coir ml t tee invited tenders for building new church in accordance with plans submitted to you at your last meeting. The lowest tender se^it in amounted to £7,173. This amount being so much in excess of the architect's estimate your committee requested the architect to revise the plats, and fresh tenders were invited, the lowest beisg £6,967. Your committee there fore felt obliged to abandon the original design, acd subsequently obtained a new design and plans, acd bare received tenders for carrying oat tte same ranging from £4,76S to £5,750. Your committee recommend you to accept the new design and the lowest tender for carrying out the same.subject to the architect's approval. The new design provides seating 600 on the ground fioor, witn provision for the erection of galleries at some future time. The cost includes .seating, organ ^chamber, and all that is necessary to finish the building. Your committee hive received in cash and promises £1,846, in addition to proceeds of the late bazaars, viz., £300, which the ladies' Committee retain at intere.t cntil the new church is commenced.' The Hon. T. King, in the course of .a speech which was decidedly in favour of proceeding with the erection of the new church as scon as possible, suggested that; & number ef the members of the Church should become guarantees for an overdraft to thK end. Be further stated that he had had an inter view with the Manager of one of the Banks, who had promised to supply the necessary money in accordance with his request. Mr. John Nichol tcm| moved that the report be adopted, which was seconded by Mr. H. Measday and carried unanimously. Un the motion of Mr. Smedley a vote of thanks was carried to the committee for the work they had accomplished, and to the Hon. Thomas King for the very great interest he had evinced in obtaining the guarantee of the means necessary to carry out ibe work. MOHPHETT-STHEET PHIMrnVB MBTH0D13T Chcbch. — A service of song entitled' Robinson Crusoe,' written by Talbot Erie, was given by the Sunday-school children in connection with this Church in the schoolroom, Morphett-street, on Wednesday evening, August 8. There was a large attendance, and the Eev. J. Wayland occupied the chair. The service of song was a history of the life of Robicion Crusoe, and the tongs, which were well sung, caused some amusement. The Chairman read the connective readings, Mr. Minns acted as musical director, and Miss Win wood presided at the har xnomuiD. FilHDEES-STHEBT BAPTIST CHTBCH.— The 18th anniversary of this Church waa celebrated by special sermons preached on Sunday last by the pastor, the Rev. S. Mead. M.A., LTi.B.. and the ±£ev. K. M. Hunter ( Wesleyan), and by tea and public meetings, held in the church on Wednes day evening, August S. Wednesday being a public holiday, there was an unusually large attendance of members and friends. Mr. Charles H. Goode presided, and expressed the pleasure he felt at seeing the steady progress made by the Church in past years, and that even during the past year it had been able to maintain it» turneries! strength, though from various causes fifty names had been erased from the roll. He ieferred to the useful work performed by the deaconesses and other female members of the Church, and be urged ail by consistency of character tolet their unconscious inn* nance (which is generally the greatest exercised by people) be on the side of Chi is t and his causa Mr. Henry Bowen read the annual report, from which it appeared that the membership is now 472, being exactly the same as last year, fifty members having been added daring the twelve months (twenty-one from the world) and fifty removed, namely nineteen to other churches, six by open dismissals, two by. resignation, seventeen tor non-attendance, three by discipline, and three by deaths. The financial statement showed that the year began with a debit balance of £20 and ended with one of £3 on the credit side. The main sources of income bad been:— By weekly offerings, £954 (average per Sunday, £13 Os. Sid.) ; collections for poor, aborigines, and City Missions, and general funds, £16*5 ; Forreed ' pore Mission (including personal subscrip tions), £81 ; Baptist Association (includ ing personal subscriptions, but not in clusive of £25 voted , by the Church), £102 ; to liquidation of. debt, £473 ; to Baptist Building Fund, £17. The total sum raised directly and indirectly in and by the Chusch for all purposes dating the year was £1,852. Of this sum £309 had been given to objects not directly connected with the Chnrch, thus showing £1,543 devoted to the distinctive work of the Church. '. In September following the last anniversary the Church passed a resolution pledging itself to attempt the liquidation of the large debt on ? the chnrch property of £2,800. The total amonnt raised daring the year towards this object was £473, Mr. David Fowler, of London, having given for £100, and thus completed the payment of his conditional promise of £500 made nearly live years ago. In the Sunday-school the average attendance had been 39S, the number on the roll being 441 scholars and twenty-eight' teachers.. Bible-classes, a Dorcas Society, and a Young Men's Christian Union had also been doing a useful work. The Rev. L. G. Carter gave an address on 'Tee fewness of conversions observable in the reports of the Free Churches of Great Britain.' He said the dearth of apparent spiritual results last year was perhapt due to a reaction following on the good' work done by Moody and Sankey in the old country, and the consequent rising up of a class of persons who by their stupid procedure had brought the whole subject of religious revivals, into disrepute. The Rev. J. McEwin, President of tte Congregational Union, made a' good t-prech on the necessity of Christians holding fast to their principles, and not exhibiting a laxity which might make them popular with the world, but would asmiredly weaken their intiuence for good. Mr. Keid, of the Collins Ktrect Baptist Church, Melbourne, made a brief speech, composed chiefly of ? con gratulations and .of recommendations that the flinders-street Chnrch should maintain its reputation for usefulness and Christian fidelity. Tie Bev. S. Knight (Wesleyan) gave quite a stirring and amusing speech on bis impression? of religious life in England and America. He spoke highly of the earnestness of the Bitualuts in England, though be stoutly condemned their, ** foolery f and he said that taken generally there was more intensity of Christian work in America than in England, and in these colonies there was even less thin iu the old country. Tte Rev. J. Gray took part in the meeting, and the Rev. S. Mead closed it by a few earnest words of congratulation and encouragement. Prime Mebtixo at Tickesa.— A public meet ing was held at the Post-Office, Tickera, on August 1, to consider the wants of the district. Mr.W. O. Cooke was roted to the chair, and Mr. C. Tacce Secretary pro tern. The Chairman congratulated the district on the establishment of a Post-Office, ttut being the first occasion of the delivery of letters and papers. Concerning the wants of the district, he should say the question of roads shmld be discussed, and ne would urge the dfsirabilitv of reqneiting the members of tte district to try and get two or more roads placed on the schedule of main roads. Water supply wn» also to be considered, and school accommodation too, a* there were a large number of children of a school-going age in the district. After considerable discussion on the road question, it was moved bv Mr.HolHng wortb and seconded by Mr. K- U. Clark—' That a committee be appointed, consisting of Messrs. Bruce, Vance, and the Chairman, to communi cate with the members of the district request ing them to urge the desirability of placing the Wallaroo and Tickera three-chain road, also the Wallaroo and Tee!* Wejela three-chain road, on the schedule of xnaia roads.' It was carrird onanimoosly. after being supported by Mr. Trenbertu and others. Mr. Trenberth then moved— ?* That the Sur ?»ejor-Oen-?ral be communicated with, re questing that a dam or tank be made near the old dam. or in a central position in the hun dred. Mr. Clark seconded, and remarked th*t with reference to a requisition some time since ? asking that a dam might be made on the reserve near the Kadina and Wallaroo boundaries he took no part, as that site wits too near to Kadina to be practically nseful to the hundred; ?a opinion which was also endorsed by several others. The motion was carried unanimously. School accommodation was then mooted by Mr. Brace, bat as no site was nsed-.thesabjack, after an animated discussion, was allowed to lapse. A Farmers' Club, or Association, was also talked of, bufc nothing was definitely de rided upon. A vote of tfr*nfa» to the Chairman closed the meeting. '? r Wai-re's Rooms.— There was a crowded housa »t White's Rooms on the holiday night to witiiew tte ghost entertainment provided by Mr. D'Arsy Eead. The pcrformanco was received with loud and frequent applause .by the spec tators, and at the close a number of presents were dtttzibated. ' ? - 1 Meeting at Arkaba—- A meeting was con vened at the residence of Mr. McLeod on Tues day evening, August 5, for the purpose of taking into consideration the advisableness of memo rializing the Commissioner of Crown Lands on some matters of interest to the residents. The Rev. T. Weir presided. After some remarks from the Chairman, Mr. W. McLeod said seeing that a township was so much needed in the neighbourhood for the con venience of the settlers inthe Hundred of Arkaba and a part of the Hundred of Wirreaada, he would move that a memorial be prepared and sent to the Commissioner, urging him to get a township surveyed on or near Sections Nos. 22 and 23 (according to a former promise) as early as possible. Mr. Bales seconded, and after a great deal had been said about the advantages which would be derived therefrom the motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Bales then moved that the Commissioner of Crown Lands be asked to open a road through Section No. 26 for the cenvenience of those residing eastward from the proposed township, as it would be a long way to go round by the present road. This motion also received hearty approval. The next pro position was moved by Mr. Black— ' That a piece of land for a cemetery on oue of the above-named sections be asked for.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Rouse and carried. Mr. Rouse moved, and Mr. Crossman seconded — 'That a memorial be sent to Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P , for presentation to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. A vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the meeting to a close. Draper Memorial Chcrch Lectche Hall — The foundation-stone of a building to be erected at tlie rear of the Draper Memorial Church, and to be called the Draper Memorial Church Lecture Hall, was laid by Mr. M. H. Madge on 'Wednesday afternoon, August 0, in the presence of a large number of spectators. The building —the style of which will be Gothic— is to be of Dry Creek stone, and will be sixty-six feet by tweuty-nine feet inside, with a height of twenty two feet. The contract price is £733, and with furnishing, ie., the cost will be about £S50. A chapter from the Book of Chronicles having been read, the Kev. It. S. Casely said he had great pleasure in asking Mr. Madge to lay the foundation-stone of the hall. Mr. Alcock then handed a silver trowel, which bore the following insciiption, to Sir. Madge— ' Presented to Mr. Madge on the occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of the Draper Memo^ rial Church Lecture Hall, August 6, 1879,' and that gentleman with it laid the stone. He then thanked the trustees for asking him to place the stone in position, and said he looked upon the occasion as one of great importance. For many years a lecture hall had been required for that part of the town, and he was glad they bad got so far as the lay ing of the foundation-stone. The main object of the Church iu building the hall was that the young people of the city might have a suitable room in which to receive religious instruction fiom Sunday to Sunday. When they remembered that the education of the -schools was almost entirely secular, they would see the necessity for such places as the hall. They heard it was not the duty of the Government to teach religious principles to the children. He did not want to say that anything but strict morality was taught at the schools, as tie believed there were books used which would tend to make the children moral; but they wanted more than this — namely, the wisdom which came from above. It became the duty of every Christian Church to strive to help forward such an institution as they were met to commemorate that day. They wanted the children to grow up better Christians and parents than they were. They wanted the teachers to be like golddiggers, persevering and sticking to their work, and if they were so the city would be the better for the work done. Another thing was that he thought Sunday school children should till public positions, and he hoped that some of the children in that school would do to. He hoped the building would be erected without accident to any one, and that they would all be able to meet in it when opened. (Cheers.) Some of the Sunday-school children then catr.e forward and placed forty-eight purses on the stone, contain ing £27 17s. 4d., collected by them. The pro ceedings were then brought to a close by the Rev. Thomas Lloyd pronouncing the benedic tion. In the evening tea and public meetings were held. Both were well attended, and the Hon. J. Carr, M.P.. presided at the public meeting. The Rev. R. S. Casely, in the absence of the, Treasurer, read a financial statement in regard to the Lecture Hall, which showed that £25 had been voted for the building by the Sunday-school Committee, £16 5a. 5J. given by the scholars through the usual boxes, £20 by the ladies' sewing meeting, £32 from the pur chase of the old schoolroom, and £27 17s. 4d. placed on the stone in purses by the children, there being a total of £426 17s. 4d. altogether promised or paid. He hoped that at their next meeting they, would be able to open the hall free of debt. Subsequently it was stated that it was estimated that with furniture, ic, the building would cost £550, and that the amount already received or promised, including that evening's collection, was £473 19s. 6J. In teresting addresses, congratulating the church on the promising position' they were in in regard to finances, and sympathizing with them in the object for which the building was in tended— namely, for the spiritual education of the young — were delivered by the Hon. J. Oarr, the Rm. S. Knight, 0. H. Goldsmith, and Mon crieff, and Mr. James Scott, JJ?. The church was prettily decorated, and the choir and: children sang some hymns, which added to the enjoyment of the meeting. ; Ax ExTKAOEniitAET Stobt. — An extraor dinary story is related by a correspondent of the Italiaa A'aziane, writing from Lucca, ' Some years ago a native of Carnajore emigrated to America, leaving behind a wife and two children. After a time he sent home to them, through, the priest of his native place, 100 lire. A few months later on this remittance was followed by a second, this time of 1,000 lire; and at in tervals afterwards other sums were sent, making altogether a total of over 25,000 lire, or jSI.000. The priest, however, never gave the money to those for whom it was intended, bat kept it for himself, sending for the woman, and telling her, with many consoling reflections, that her hnsband was dead. At the same time he wrote to the man, informing him that his family were dead, sendiDg also with his letter an official certificate of their death. After a time the man married again, and a short time ago, having prospered in business and become wealthy, he determined to revisit his native place. In due_ time he arrived with his second wife and family at Camajore, and went to the principal inn in the town. As he was walking out one day a boy begged of him. Something in the appearance of the beggar seemed to be familiar, and, questioning the boy, he found that it was his own child, and that his wife was living with the two children he had left behind in the greatest poverty. The priest, thua found out in his wickedness, endeavoured to compiomiae the matter by offering to pay the 25,000 lire ; bnt the authorities, who had been informed of the business, declised to allow it, and proceedings against him are now pending. Caiifohntaw Nb-w CoN3Trnrriosr.— The Aiw York Hirald, referring to the Constitution re cently adopted by the State of California, says: — 'Tte inrlueuce of ? this decision on the fnture of the State cannot fail to be highly impotlant, because »t home it changes the conditions which have controlled the relations of capital and labour in California since the admission of that prolific territory as a State of the Union. Two leading features of the new Constitution deserve special notice, namely, ? the provisions relating to taxation and the Chinese question. Under the general head of 'property* every interest in the State re presenting capital in any form comes under the shadow of the tax-gatherer. The working man who deposits his savings in a. Bank becomes at ouce a capitalist in the eye of : the law, and mast pay thereon his quota to lie general revenue. , The effect of this on the stability of the Savings Banks will be ruinous, inasmuch as it must cause the with drawal of deposits, which are the solid parts of the institutions. If the funds are so withdrawn all interests hanging on these Banks must suffer, and a shock will be given to business that will react on the party responsible for this radical measure. The Chinese are by the new Consti tution excluded from employment. If tbey do rot co they can stay and starve. California says this by from S,000 to 10,000 majority. Now the world will see how the Communistic idea works in practice.'7 . ! Thb Lysch FAJtitT Of BraxHUtGERS.— This company are having a successful tour up North, and appeared at the Institute, Laura, on Tues day evening to a packed house, every part of the hall beiiig crammed to excess. The entertain ment was thoroughly successful, and a second was aunontced for- Thursday week on the com pany's return from Port Augusta. / Si-ars-vw.=.— In Algeria it is against the law to df stroy sparrows, and in a most curious manner Australia has been brought undernotice in connection with the nuisance and the com plaints made by the farmers against their depre dations. It sttms that the sparrows have taken to building their nests in the greatly valned eucalyctaintrodnced from Australia, and they bavt, Ucreased to such a degree that fields are strijped of grain, and w»gonloads of straw are 1 stol°n by these little depredators for their nests. Instead of eatiDg the locusts, which used to be the greatest pests the farmers had to de*l with; the thievish sparrows aid them in tbdr work, living on seeds dnring nine months in the year, and taking to insects only when * dared to. that diet by necessity; ' la Saxaay, too, the Council of Agricnlture has petitwaed the Government to repeal the law forbidding the distinction of sparrows, and the feeling against the birds is so strong that the people are threatening t* destroy them in drfiance of the law. We have before roentianrii that America complains about the English sparrow, bat they are still protected. . - 