TOWN TALK. According to cnstom, there will be no issue'of this journal on Saturday next, the previous day being Good Friday. ; We publish this morning, by favor of the Acting Chief .Secretary, an important telegram from Mr Berry, from which it will be seen that the able leader of the liberal party in Victoria is' well sustaining the political credit of the colony. Mr Berry is not only able to say that his latest interview with the Secretary of State for the Colonies is likely to result satisfactorily as regards the question of Constitutional reform, but that he has enlisted the active support of such men as Mr Gladstone, Mr Bright, Mr . Forster, Sir Charles Dilke, and others. We may, therefore, rest quite satisfied that the much-ahused "Embassy" is not only doing the work confided to it faithfully and well, hnt that it is educating the very highest political minds in Eng land to a generous appreciation of the liberalism that prevails here. That it'is no pleasure- seeking mission, as the witlings of the Conservative party would make the country believe, may be gathered from the fact that Mr Berry and Professor Pearson have had interviews with Lord Carnarvon andXord Boseberry to obtain their support in Parliament to a reduction of the post age between England and the Australian colonies. The hon. Graham Berry is expected to re turn to the colony by the mail due at Mel bourne on 24th June. Beater's cable messages this morning in form us that the Khedive of Egypt has dis-. missed hi3 native Ministers, and has inti mated to Mr Bivers Wilson and M. de Bligineres (?) his intention to dispense with their services. Anew Ministry, composed exclusively of natives, is being formed by Cherif Pasha. A second call," amounting to £2250 per share, has been made on the share holders of the City of Glasgow Bank. We publish in another column important cable intelligence respecting the Zulu war. Xt will be seen that the enemy have again been successful in an encounter by mere force of numbers. !. . The lion. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Acting' Chief Secretary, and the hon. J. M. Grant, Solicitor-General, accompanied by Mr Odgers, Under-Secretary, and Mr Neal, Superinten dent of Industrial Schools,-paid a brief visit to Geelong yesterday, to inspect the build ings at the eastern end of the town now being prepared for the reception of the girls at present located at Sunbnry. , It is understood that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Major Smith, and Mr Lalor will attend the banquet to be given at Myrniong to-day. The bridge over the Woady Yallock Creek at Cressy, which was destroyed by fire some time ago, will soon be replaced. At the meeting of the Leigh Shire Council yes terday the tender of Messrs Humble and Nicholson, for £4542 8s 4½d, for construct- ing a wrought and cast-iron bridge at the site named, was accepted. It has been definitely settled that the first brigades' demonstration next month should take place at Beechworth, as originally re solved at the meeting of delegates. Several gentlemen waited upon Mr Woods od Tues day, and he promised that the usual facilities should be provided by the Railway depart ment for the conveyance of the men and their apparatus. A very pleasant ceremony took place at the Swanston-Btreet State School yesterday afternoon, when the pupils in the fourth girls' class took advantage of -the oppor tunity afforded by the approaching breaking up of the school for the Easter holidays to present their teacher, Miss Reeves, with a silver locket. The article presented is large and handsome, with the recipient's initials engraved thereon, and it was subscribed for by the fourth class pupils alone. The ac companying address was read by Miss Aul bert, another of the teachers in the school, and after the usual expressions of good feel ing, it stated that the donors hoped that the intrinsic value of the gift would not in any way be held to represent the extent of the obligations which both the parents and the pupils were under for the kind and con siderate way the recipient had attended to them as their teacher and friend. Miss Minnie Field presented the locket on behalf of her fellow-BchoIars, and Mr Pye, the head teacher, replied on behalf of Miss Reeves. Mr. C. A. Mount has had some subscrip tion lists printed and left at the various banks, for the benefit of the widow Purcell, whose husband was murdered at Meredith. She is left with a large family of small chil dren. Her late husband is spoken of as a very decent man. Mr Mount hopes that those parties who sympathise with the poor woman in her distress will send him dona tions to the fund he is endeavoring to raise for her. Information %vas given to the police shortly before 11 o'clock last night that a man had fallen and broken hi3 leg in the neighborhood of the Gaol. A couple of constables went to the place indicated, and found a well-known individnal lying beside a fence in a state of intoxication, and with a pair of cratches beside him. It appeared that the man broke his,leg in Melbourne re cently, and that—the limb not having tho roughly-healed—the result of a spree he in dulged in was to reduce him to a state of utter helplessness. The policemen helped him up and carried him home, and succeeded in in ducing the partner of his joys and sorrows to grant him admission. The membere of the Geelong Football Club turned up in great numbers last night upon the occasion of the annual meeting. The re port set forth a satisfactory state of atlairs, and the financial statement showed a credit balance of twenty pounds odd. An unusu ally large number of new members was ad mitted, hut when this part of the business had progressed satisfactorily to a certain stage a hitch occurred, and after some warm discussion the adjournment of the meeting was ultimately agreed to until that day week, when no doubt; an even larger attendance than that of last night will ensure the matter in dispute receiving ample ventilation. On Tuesday morniug a mystery confronted several residents of this town when they rose from their couches at early dawn. Pasted on doors and gates they found strips of paper, with the following cabalistic legend written thereon in a bold hand with Indian ink :—" Domo spero xpiro." What it meant they were utterly at a loss to discover, and so doubtless will be our readers. There is a Latin phrase—" Dum spiro xpero "—which is equivalent to our saying, " While there's life there's hope," its meaning being, " While I breathe I hopebut whether this is the true solution of the mystery, and why the perpetrator of the joke, or whatever it is, should have taken such pains to acquaint his neighbors with the fact that he is determined to be sanguine so long as nature shall allow him to exist, are riddles which we confess our inability to solve. Here is a puzzle for the carious. A rat hunt in a shop in Ryrie-street had a very unexpected and unpleasant termination yesterday. A small dog having started one of these household pests, a well-known busi ness man of this town, thinking the rat was going to escape from the terrier, quickly placed his foot in front of the former, with the expectation of turning it, and seeing it double into the jaws of the now baffled mon grel. The rat, however, was equal to the occasion, and seeing the " bell " of the gen tleman's Geelong tweeds hanging gracefully over his spring-side boots, darted quickly into this place of refuge, and with great celerity swarmed np the wearer's calf. The latter cried loudly, like Hamlet, " a rat, a rat," and danced a Gillie Callum, with the intention of dislodging the animal. The rat, however, again showed its sagacity, and clung tenaciously to the inside of the shel tering garment. Those around the now startled business man were afraid to assist him, for if they proceeded to harsh measures with his ratskip, the latter would very likely have tried his teeth on the particular muscle which chanced to be nearest him. Two cab men, however, hearing the disturbance, took a practical view of the matter, and disrobed the gentleman, at which the rat, startled by the flood of light, darted for the street, there being no perceptible effort made by its unwilling harborer and concealer to again arrest its flight. The pump at the Chilwell Gold Mine was set going yesterday for a trial, and it worked admirably. Three feet of water was taken out of the shaft in a quarter of an hour by the pumj}—Flood's patent. The miners are now engaged in timbering up the shaft, and by to-day it is expected that all will be ready for a fair start at emptying the mine of water. The Rev. J. de Quincey Robin,- M.A., who preached his farewell sermon last Sun day, having been removed from the Ashby circuit ■ of the "Wesleyan Church, has been appointed to the Melbourne Circuit, his resi dence to be at Rlemington. Mr Robin's suc cessor in Geelongis the Rev. John Harcourt, late of Sale, Gippskmd. This gentleman is a brother of Mr J.'Harcourt, the proprietor of the private asylum at Cremorne. Heavy "showers of rain fell yesterday morning between Lai Lai and Blaine. The country thereabouts has had a good moisten ing, bat for some distance west of Meredith the ground is still as dry and baked as the rest of the country districts. ' It is probable that the grand review which is to take place this year on the Queen's Birthday will be held at Flemington. It is proposed that besides the metropolitan corps, which is usually reviewed, the whole of the othor volunteers of the colony shall be pre sent. A man named Thomas Whelan, residing at Lara, whilst riding a horse yesterday, re ceived several-bruises to his hip and shoul der by the animal slipping and falling on him. He was attended to at the Hospital. The mounted policemen throughout the colony have been supplied with new revolver cartridge-boxes. -They are a great improve ment on the large tanned leather boxes now in use, being made of patent leather, witli large silver mountings. The broad shoulder belts are furnished with silver buckles, and the box will hold 24 revolver cartridges. It appears that Mr John Monahan, of Mount Moriac, lost SO acres of grass and a portion of fencing by the bush fire that took place at Mr Corbettfs paddock on Sunday, last. • The paddocks of Messrs Uorbett and Monahan adjoin,"and the former has offered a reward of £50 for the conviction of the incendiary Joseph Pearce, aged 17 years, was ad mitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Tues day, suffering from concussion of the braiD, consequent upon injuries sustained by his failing off a scaffolding 16 feet from the ground at a building in course of erection on the Sandridge road. • A tonic solfa demonstration in connection with Mr M'Buraey's psalmody classes was given last night at the Mechanics Institute. Mr Charles Andrews acted as Chairman, and the attendance, though not large, was appreciative. Throughout the evening Mr M'Bnrney explained to the audience the simplicity of the tonic solfa system, and the facility with which it may be applied as a means of teaching music. In this Mr M'Bnrney was. completely successful, while his pupils gave palpable proof of the excel lence of their training by the manner in which they sang a number of part songs. The sight singing test was used, and the audience received several lessons in singing after the tonic solfa method. The proceeds of the entertainment, after paying" expenses, will be devoted to tbe tonic solfa college bnilding fund. ^ The members of the medical profession in Melbourne have conclusively demonstrated that they are opposed to tho principle of ad mitting paying patients into tho Melbourne Hospital. The Committee a few weeks ago i sent circular letters to tbe members of tho j profession, and at the ordinary weekly meet ing of the Committee, held on Tuesday, it j was announced that forty-nine replies had been read, and out of that number thirty nine gentlemen expressed disapproval of tbe suggestion made in favor of admitting pay ing patients. Mr Bickford, the officer in charge of the Government parks and gardens, is now able to distribute acorns for planting purposes. A quantity has been left at the Town Coun cil offices, Emerald Hill, and will be for warded to those desirous of oak planting, this being the proper season for so doing.. The Hon. Peter I.alor has returned to Melbourne from New South Wales, and was present at the meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday. Mr Lalor has put his col leagues in possession of the correspondence which has taken place between himself and Sir Henry Parkes, with a view to their determining if any further action shall be taken in the matter. * The Crown Law officers caused enquiries to be made with regard to the truth of the complaint of incivility and bad management of the officers in the District Court summons office, contained in a letter signed " An Old Subscriber," published in the Argus of the 4th inst. The persons concerned have re ported that the allegations of tbe letter are greatly exaggerated, and that they are not borne out by the facts. The officers state that the delay was occasioned in consequence of the complainant refusing to give informa tion as to the date on which the matter com plained of occurred ; that on bis demand his complaint paper and stamp were banded back to him; and that when asked'to wait a few minntes he said he would not, and left. The Crown Law officers do not consider it necessary to take any further action in the case. j Sir J. J. Casey had an interview on Tues day with the Treasurer in rcforcnce to the proposal to use the Nelson for the conveyance of exhibits from Victoria and other colonies to the Sydney Exhibition. The Treasurer expressed his willingness to defray any ex penditure that could properly be put <3owd to the defences vote. Any expenditure, however, iucurred in the fitting up of the vessel would have to be defrayed out of the fnnds of the Exhibition Commission. The Treasurer has ordered a new steam launch for use in connection with the Kelson, the cost of which will be £1000. Scott, alia* " Captain Moonlite," was ad mitted into the Ballarat Hospital, on Tues day, suffering from inflammation of the Inngs. A Sale telegram in the dated Toes day, says:—"Mr .Robert Bath, squatter, South Gippsland, is missing, and it is feared he has been thrown from his horse and killed, as the animal was found loose in the bush near Merrimairs Creek. The first indication of the effect of the issue of the. £3,000,000 loan in England is observable (the Insurance and Banking Record points out) in the trifl'"g gold re mittance (£129,000) by last mail, and this will be the case for some time. The banks can now draw freely on London, without transmitting cover. Three men have just received a severe sen tence from the Launceston Supreme Court for attempting to levy black mail. They threatened to circulate scandalous statements respecting a well-known inhabitant of Laun ceston and a lady with whom he was taking an evening stroll. The police, says the Chronicle, took the matter in hand, and the offenders were committed for trial. The case was heard on the 4th inst., when the jury found the prisoners guilty, and the judge sentenced each of them to four years' imprisonment. It is understood that it will be proposed at the special meeting of the Victoria Eire and Marine Insurance Company, on the 22nd April, to go into liquidation to realise assets other than the goodwill, and to' turn over that and the floating risks to a new bqmpany to be formed of 100,000 £10 shares, of which £1 will be called up. Only 60,000 of these shares, says the Banking Record, are to be offered to the public, and at £1 pre mium, the other 40,000 being reserved for the shareholders in the present company on equitable terms. The existing company is one of unlimited liability, and it is desirable for that and other reasons to wind it np and form another which would retain and work the large business acquired by the Victoria Fire and Marine Company during 30 years successful operations. During the enquiry by the Steam Naviga tion Board on Tuesday with regard to the abandonment of the barqne Suffolk, off Earn Head, on the 29th ult., it transpired that on the night of the 28th the barqne was passed by a steamer supposed by the crew to be the Avoca. Five blue lights were burned by the captain of the Suffolk in rapid suc cession as a signal of distress, but the steamer passed on without taking any notice. The steamer was only about two miles distant, and the crew of the barque concluded that it was the Avoca from the appearance of her rigging. The mate of the Suffolk states, however, that the funnel of the steamer was black and white, and that of the Avoca is said to be all black. Steps should be taken (remarks the Argus) to establish the identity of the vessel referred to, in order that the apparently callous con duct of her officers may be explained or cen- ( sured. j The banks oE issue in all the leading colonies (observes the Insurance and Banking' Record) are now in agreement, the only open point being, strange to say, Western Australia. There is a strong inclination to lower the rate of interest on deposits by one per cent., and it is hardly necessary to point out that this, if it be done simultaneously, will not cause a diminution in the deposits of any one bank. The risk of injurious com petition would be from the building societies. -The probability is that the reduction of de posit interest rates will, follow the issue of the New South Wales Government loan in London. A most brntal case of assault was brought under the notice of the Hawthorn Bench on Tuesday, and although a heavy fine was in flicted, the punishment was scarcely com mensurate with the ofieuce. The Age reports that James Taylor, a trainer of grey hounds, residing at BallyshanasBy," on 26th March, meeting at Hartwell a farmer named Thomas Tuhan, residing at Malvern, without any provocation, knocked him down and trampled on his face, broke his nose, and inflicted other serious injuries. Nor the defence it was stated that there had been a quarrel between the two men on'the pre vious day, owing to some dogs belonging to Taylor trespassing on Tuhan's laud, where, according to the prisoner's statement, he was assanlted by Tuhan and his brother. The Bench fined Taylor £10, with £7 os costs, or in default of payment three months' imprisonment. ; A charge of insulting behavior, under somewhat peculiar circumstances, was pre ferred at the Emerald-hill Police Court, on Monday last, against a draper named Horatio Barnes, 35 years of age. " It ap peared (reports the Age) that the prisoner had been only a few days ago discharged from-the Alfred Hospital,, where he was a patient. On the evening of the 5th inst. he met a young lady, the daughter of Mr T. J. Toy, and he claimed her as his wife, who had left him four years ago, and he urged her to come back to him. The girl became alarmed when be tried by force to take her with liim, and she gave him in charge. In Court it wa3 stated that the prisoner, whilst at the Alfred Hospital, insisted that a-patient in the adjoining female ward was | his lost wife, until the resident medical ! officer proved to him that she was not. The Bench fined him £3, or, in default, one "month's imprisonment. The Argus haa been shown an ingenious appliance called the "Eureka Self- lightiDg Gas-burner." It is an American invention, and its purpose is to afford a ready means of re-lighting gas. By turning a screw the light is practically extinguished; but within the apparatus there is left what is called a pilot light—not visible to the eye—and by giving another turn of the screw the gas is again in fall blaze. In places where a con stant light is not required, such as in cellars and storerooms, the gas is frequently left burning to avoid the trouble of re-lighting. In cases of this sort the use of the self lighter would effect a great saving of gas. The invention i3 particularly well adapted for billiard-rooms. Mr William Thomson, now in Melbourne, is the Australian agent or the "Eureka" burner. We (Telegraph) regret to announce that news was received in Melbourne on Tues day night of the death of Mr John O'Sha nassy, the eldest son of the hon. member for Belfast. The deceased had been in deli cate health for some time, and bad gone to his father's station at Fort Bourke, for change of air. His death, therefore, was not entirely unexpected, though the news came as a surprise to Sir John, who re ceived it at the close of the banquet to the Governor, at the Victoria Club on Tuesday evening. Mr John O'Shanassy was 33 years of age, and was married to Miss Duffett, daughter of Mr J. G. Duffett, solicitor, of Melbourne. A copy of the Journal Religieux of Keu cbiltel, dated July 6th, 187S, has been sent to the Argus containing an account of the opening of a Protestant cliapel in the en virons of Ixeuchatel which has been erected by Mrs La Trobo, the widow of the first Governor of Victoria, in memory of her dis tinguished husband. The buildiDg in ques tion is called the Hermitage Chapel, and is intended for tbe use of a large and poor population of working watchmakers. A bronze plate fixed in the choir bears the fol lowing inscription:—" To the gloiy of Al mighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and to the well-beloved memory of Charles •Joseph La Trobe, and of his daughter Isabella Castelane Helena La Trobe, this chapel was erected in the year of grace 1878." "The Lord God giveth them light."—Rev. xjdi. 5. The paper adds that Mrs La Trobe has placed the chapel in the charge of the Inde pendent Church of Eeuchhtel. It also men tions that there is an infant and Snmlay school attached to the chapeL The Melbourne Hurling Club will pasB through Geelong on Saturday morning by the train arriving hero at 8.20, on their way to play a match with the Bunga ree Club the same day. On Monday they will meet the Ballarat Club, and they re- - quest the members of the Geelong Hurling Club to meet them at the station, as they wish some of them to take part in the matches. They are likely to be short-handed through some of their members being away on their Easter holidays. A meeting of the Wanderers' Football 1 Clnb was held last night, at Solomon's Gee j long Hotel. A very good number of mem bers was present. Twenty new members were elected, bnt the election of officers was postponed until next meeting. The following subscriptions have already been received by Mr J. M. Garratt towards erecting a new fence around the Western Cemetery in place of the one destroyed by fire :—Joshua Vines, £1 ; E. Few, £1; T. S, Orchard, £1; F. Hobbs, £1; C. Chadwick, £1 Is ; W. F. Dncker, £1 Is ; R. Edgar, £2 23 ; Hon. C. J. Jenner, £3 3s; Mr Riley, £1 • Mrs Strachan, £2; H. L. Lewes, £5; Mr M'Millan, 10s; Mr Dickens, 10s; Mr J. Shaw, 5s ; Mr Steedman, 5a ; L. Harrison, 2s Gd ; P. Moore, 5s ; J. Vigar, os. Special services will be held in the new Con gregational Church on next Sunday, morning and evening, when the Rev. R. V, Danne wifl officiate. The anniversary of the Highton Wesley an Church" will be celebrated to-morrow by tea and public meetings, at which latter addresses will be delivered by the Revs. J. D. DodgBon and J. Harcourt, and other gentlemen. Amusements will be held as usual at the Point Henry Tea Gardens on Easter (next) Monday. The annual race meeting at Colac will take place on Tuesday next, the loth inBt. For the convenience of those wishing to attend, a special train will leave Geelong in the morning on the arrival of the first trains from Mel bourne and Ballarat, returning in time to catch the last trains at night. We are requested to call attention to the sale of horses, cattle, farming implements, furniture, etc., this day, at Garden Hill, near Germantown, by Robinson and Cullem In consequence of the appointed day for the monthly meeting of the Committee of the Free Library falling ©n Good Friday, it will be held this day. An advertisement appears in another column in which Mr Hole thanks the electors who voted for him on Tuesday, and intimates that upon a future occasion he will make an other attempt to get into the Council. We have received the following publica tions :—The Melbourne Review ; Milton1 s Gamut, prepared for University candidates, by E. E. Morris, M.A., and Thomas Harlin, M.A.; The Illustrated Insurance and Banking Record sand The Geelong Grammar School Quar terly. The Illustrated Australian Hews for April contains some interesting sketches, one of the principal being "The Melbourne Annual Regatta—Eight-oar Race for the Clarke Cup, 