BY THE OLD FOUNTAIN. A STOBT W TWO OHAPTBBS. CBAPTZB L u m , beautiful old place wrapped up in woods ; awn from diatanoe yon would almost say it most |be a gloomy retreat, bat onoe penetrate the masses oi sombre green, with their rosset ; lights sod indigo aunut a, ua yen mu aiocover eqb. ene sunshine could find its way through their mazes ss well as yon. The castle waB grey and old. There were owls in the tower, and heaps oi ivy on the walls. On three sides the gardens and grounds were kept trim sed gay with flowers, bat on the other side n store was left pretty much to her own devices. In a sort of mossy wilderness a garden had onoe flonriBhed, bat It was now only a sweet tangle in which the time -stained marble basin of a fountain alone bore witness to what had been. At snnset the ancient chapel window shot forth a red light from its rubied psnes, as if a lamp bnrned in some forest sanctuary ; rooks cawed incessantly around the obimneys; water lilies wove their thiok leaves into a heavy matting upon the stagnant water ; singing birds were allowed 3 perpetual imbe ob one peacn-puverea waiu of the gardens, for there were always mora peaches than people to eat them within the wall, of CaBtle Strange. Nightingales sang in the long green alleys through the length of the summer nights ; and Lalage, the only yonng creature about the place, used to sleep with her window open that she might hear them through her dreams. Colonel end the Hon. Urs. L'Eetrsnge were old peopleJtheinaelvM, and the servants were venerable retainers who seemed to belong as much to the antiquity of the place as did the effigies on the tombs in the chapel. The yonthfnl feet that flitted abobt halls and gardens with all the restlessness of seventeen summers were owned by the niece of the mietrass of the castle, the only surviving relic, it was said, of angancient and noble family. " Why did not master and mistress take her to London to see the Queen?" asked the old servants, shaking grey heads as they sat over their supper in the oak- raftered hall. As well put a butterfly on a pin as keep a yonng creature always in one spot." And she was so be&atlfn;!, so beautiful, the royal prinoes themselves wonld be wanting to marry her. "But that wonld be against the law," said Mrs. Starohley, the housekeeper, who waB an Oracle to the rest ; and this suggested difficulty was all the reason they knew why Lalsge was not riding to Court, covered with diamonds, instead of rambling about the woods of Castle Strange, or dreaming in her own ohamber among her paint- palettes and books. There had; onoe been visitors eoongh at the castle, and the master and mistress were not always so stay-at-home. While Lalage was still a child there had been many to flatter and caress her; it was slnoe she had grown to her foil height and suddenly bloomed into a lovely flower that the halls and gardens had grown lonely, and the green alleys and bine- distances made background for only her gracious but solitary figure. Perhaps the change was owing to the foot that the colonel was growing infirm ; yet the prim elderly lady's maid speculated a good deal as to the reason why her mistress sighed on seeing Miss Lalsge arrayed in her first loDg womanly robe. What a pity the unole and annt could not be a little yonnger, for the sake of this yonthfnl creature 1 So obarming as she looked in that same robe, thought the tirewoman, mnslin of a soft moss colonr, above which her yellow bead shone. How oould anyone sigh while looking at her. Lalsge beard no sigh and was trappy. Her new sweet dower of womanhood was enough for her at present That mysterious long drees, that touched the moss as she walked, still surprised her ; it was new to her to feel her shoulders free of s weight of flowing hair, and to see in the long dim mirror of her tapestried chamber, or in the. still basin of the fountain, all that bright criBp hair gathered in one soft knot into the hollow of her neck. It was sweet to be a woman, and sweet to walk the earth. Lalsge's seventeenth summer was one of the warmest and brightest we have ever known, and whether in the chiaro-oscuro of her thick - walled, narrow - windowed rooms, or oot in the glamour of the fragrant open, she enjoyed it as only the young esn enjoy. She gathered her roses, and sang her songs between the songs of the night ingales, and when the enn was too hot she got behind the old tapestry in her favourite room and read romances of the poets, which were to her only, the records of eveiy day life. On this first morning of her new dignity Lalage went slowly across the grassy lawns, turning sometimes to look with a pleased pride at the train of her mnslin robe, which floated for the first time over the sward. She was on her way to the gardes wilderness, which was her favonrite haunt, where in the sunlight the old marble basin of the fountain seemed filled with liqaid gold, and the soreen of sombre trees, the very homes of the nightingales, oast s pnrple shadow serosa its rim. Here she bed sported as a child with a loving reverence for she knew not what spirit that dwelt in the piece, and now in the dawn of her womanhood she came here, still to muse and wonder about life. On this particular day, to her great astonishment, the place was not solitary when die went to it. As she pushed aside the heavy curtain-like bough of a tree and stepped into her little domain, another person Had been before her and token possession of the spot. A man was seated beside the fountain before an easel plaoed on the grass. His back was turned to her, and he was absorbed In making a sketch of some ol her favonrite trees. Now Lalsge had drawn these trees s dozen times, and had always failed to pleaee bereelf, and, when she saw what was going on, she went straight across the grass to the spot She had no wish to take the artist by surprise, but the grass did not . betray her light feet, and standing behind 1 the easel she forgot her own personality, befog absorbed in the successful work of the fortunate stranger. At lest toe artist turned hie bead, and seeing a beautiful face above his shoulder, started so violently that the easel was overturned and the drawing fell to the ground. Lalsge, with an exclamation of dismsy, -enraoa to pick it up, the stranger stooped dnfeUy to save her the trouble, there was a moir"" of confnsion, and thdn the two -young people stood looking at each other. "I hope it his not harmed," said Lalsge. "I mast ask your pardon; but I have so often tried to paint these very trees and I was so sextons to see how you did it. i quite forgot myself. I meant no rndenee? She spoke so simply sod -earnestly fhat the stranger hastened to reassure her. T u T -who ought to aek pirdon for tre«slng." he «ide: "nt I thought I «ra?a»fe In this exquisite- solitude. The truth is, I have bein wandSring about Bre tor many hIrMs listening to ' tbe nlgbtin- gales. Chance brought me to the ceigh- j treat to be enjoyed here at midnight. 1 dared to coma and 'fell In love with Its spot. Crowing b-lder, I ventured here by daylight to mike a drawing. 1 was «red that the family were seldom seen beyond th"' Neither sre they," said Lalsge, " except roe; and I am" of no consequent. Kon need not be afraid of mtu I am very glad to see yon. and to m.keyou "'00e oy enjoyment you omn flod abonl P,Tbere was s alight air of royalty shout " her manner, mingled with giriish -simplicity and goodwill, whioh made too stranger smile as he accepted ber hospitality. „ Pray go on with yonr drawing, she said, "and I hope yon will be good enough to allow me to watoh ym Yen w.l ihue give" me> a lesson for which L shall be The" stranger obeyed her ; and as he was -pressed to Ihirik of her standing wtefo he est, she also seated herself on the edge | of the fountain, a little way off, bnt near enough to allow of her observing the pro gress of his work. In this way he was enabled to make fall acquaintance with the beanty of the delicate gold-riuuned head and fair intelligent eenntenanoe, and to assnre himself that they belonged to s faednating fellan-oreature, and not to some dryad who would presently relapse into her tree. And Lalsge also had opportunity to note that her companion was no ordinary person. The handsome, riohly-oolonred face, with Its warm smile and slight tonoh of melancholy about the month and eyes ; the well-turned head, with its crisp curls ; the broad ahonldera and manly stature ; all were folly noted by her appreciative eyee. An artiat, a gentleman, ought to look like that ; and, content with the fitnees of things, her gaze reBted and fixed itself on the rapidly- progressing sketoh. Hour followed hoar. The drawing was finished, bat the artist gave it lingering touch after tonoh, while with practised skill he drew conversation from hie com panion, surprising her artless thoughts from her lips, provoking langhter or sad ness In the beautiful eyes that were tnrned on his own with so much frankness and friendliness. At last the sun deolined, and the stranger began unwillingly to gather up his artistes paraphernalia for departure. " The day has gone so quickly," he said. " Yea ; very quickly," eald Lalage. And then with a return of ber little royalty of manner, she accepted his thanks, tendered him her own, and dismisaed him. When the stranger was gone, Lalage went sauntering down to the moat, pick ing np her long nnaconstomed gown, and snowing tne neeie or ner utile Lioms Ljuinze shoes. There was ench a flaring of red fire down in the dark water of the moat, that it seemed ss if the sun was only there on purpose to dye the white water-lilies like crimson roses, and seta Bpikeof fiame os the point of every epear-like reed. Lalsge etood on the bridge, and dropped little bite of liohen from the old grey walls into the water. Whether It was that the strange sunset seeming to pradiot a storm, or the long dress whioh she bad never worn before, or the novelty of finding that a whole long cummer day had vanished away so quickly; from whatever cause, Lalage frit that things were not ss usual with her on this particular evening. "Will aunty think It strange that I should have talked so long with this stranger?" she asked herself. " ft was surely right to be hospitable to one who is so evidently a gentleman. I most tell her of it ae eoon at I go in," Bhe added presently. Bnt when ehe returned to the castle she found that the colonel had got sn attack of gont, and daring dinner ber annt coold 8 peak of nothing bnt his Bufferings, and the remedies she had been administering. Lalsge's thoughts were diverted Into a different channel ; and though the edven tore of the day still lay distinctly on the background of her mind, she never seemed to find a fitting opportunity for relating the little story to Mrs. i.' Estrange, who did not say as usual : " Where have you been all day, my dear?' "I will tell her after dinner," said the young girl, as she sipped her eonp; but after dinner ehe spent an hour in her uncle's room, and returning to the drawing- room, found her annt buried iu a book. Lalage sang softly to herself at the piano, rearranged some roses in glasses about the room, and finally wandered np to a tower- chamber, where the ancient lady's-maid was bnsy stitching at more womanly gar ments for her young mistress. Lalage pushed the window open. The nightingales were rioging ; the rich woods ley black in the moonlight; the scent of the roses, the tiokle of the fountain, reached ber through the Bilence and still ness from below. Was her new friend wandering about the mossy lanes, listenm; ; to the nightingales now? Away beyontl the darkness of the trees a girdle of starry lights marked the village. Lslage seldom went even there, seldom beyond the clois ters of the woods. "Dolly," ehe esld to the maid, "what sort of place is there for strangers to stay at in the village ?" " Why, the ion, miae, of course. Mrs. Dioksons inn." " And does Mrs. Dlokson make her tra vellers comfortable !" "Surely, miss, ehe do." "How long do travellers generally stay with her?' "Not very long, miss — a couple of days. They be artiste that sketch, and gentlemen with long hair that write poetry about the birds. And they do not always pay her. X heard her complaining one evening about a gentleman who osed to be reading ont to everybody a poem be had written about something that he owed to the nightingale. Bat not one word of whet he owed to her was in it, ehe said." Lalage winced and bloabed, with ber fair head tinned away to the moonlight, and her eyes on the distant village lights. Her friend oonld not be one of those vulgar persons thus desoribed ? And yet he had come to sketch and bear the nightingales. She dosed the wiodow feeling indignant with herself. Why had she been so friendly with a person quite unknown? Why bad she not spoken of the accident to her annt? Sbe kept her window shut (bat night that ehe might not hear the mnijlo of the birds. The next day Lalage spent almost entirely indoors, amneing her node in hie conva lescence ; hut though theboura were unusually long, and ehe did not lack opportunities, yet ahe breathed not a word to any one abont the stranger. Onoe she ran np the tower stairs aod cast one long look over the grounds lying below, but could eee no lingering figure sketching or wandering abont the place. The next day ahe wee desired to go ont and spend some hoars in the open air, and somewhat tremalonaly sbe covered np ber needle-work, and leaving her embroidery frame standing In the old deep-seated tapestried window, put on ber hat half re luctantly, with a misgiving, yet a flutter of pleasure at ber heart. Before vectoring out of doors she monoted to the tower again, satisfying herself that there waa no stranger to be seen in the walks and alleys and open places that lay warm with lights and flowers and cool with gratefoi shade beneath her view. "I wonder what do keep Miss Lalsge fidgeting np end down at that window," said the maid to herself, " for all the world like a lady at a play expeotin' to see her lover come down the road. Bnt she bss no lover, poor dear, nor is ever mnch likely so nave one i \- Lalage etood at the fountain In a reverie, looking half remorsefully at the spot where the easel had been. " How pleasant it was ; and yet I fear I did cot behave well ! How glad I am he did not come again 1" Sbe took her way ss usual through the shadiest parts of the wooded grounds, where the eonlight filtered through woven boughs, and sbe could see; above the dense foliage, glimpses of dazzling meadows and the brock where the cows stood cooling their feet sheltered by the over-hanging bank. A long lovely mossy lane was reached, moet frequented by the nightingales at night, and with an opening at one end like a vignette by Birbet Fester, Turning abruptly into thie lane ehe was met by the person who had occupied so .much of her thoughts. Sbe tnrned orimeon, and made as if she would -escape ; bnt in a secood her eelf- poeaesaiou returned, aod she received the etrsngei's greetings with a courtesy that was only a little constrained. Her confusion was perodved by -the artist. " I (ear," he said, with a great eagerness In his eoft and metopcholy eyes, " I fear you bsve repented ofynnr kind invitation of the other day. Tell me eo at onoe and I shall disappear." Lalage struggled to not the chatelaine with propriety. " Certainly not," she arid. " You are welcome ae before ; bnt I fear I trespassed too mcoh upon your time, 1 shall only wish yon good morning, and leave yon to— to your- drains." Pardon me ; not before you look at my little sketch ee. I beve brought them iu this portfolio, bopiog you would find same interest in them." . At sound of the word ikstches Lalsge forgot ber dignity and Belt reproaches, and extended bur hands eagerly for the port folio. h. It was a treasnre to the inexperienced. | girl j notea ol foreign travel, the work of so mean artist, strange and picturesque figures, exquisite landscape!, aod about each there was a history which their owner took oare to tell. Lalage listened, looked, and wondered, and her child-tike confidence and ease with the stranger returned. How beantifnl they wars, and how certainly their creator must be a man of genius. And yst he might not be able to pay Mrt. Dickson her foolish bill. As Lslage thought cf this a brilliant idea ooenrred to her. " Sir," ehe said, " I am eo charmed with your works that I ehould like to keep one of them if I may ; though the contents of this purse are trifiiDg compared with the veins of the sketoh." The stranger looked surprised. " You will be doing me a kindness," he said, " if yoa will acoept them ae they etand. And if yon will empty yonr tittle puree and give t to me, so, I shell prize it as long aa I live." Lalsge blushed, fearing ehe had made a great mistake and wounded his pride. How extraordinary he was, with all the polish of a courtier and all the fascination of an artist 1 She shrank from exchanging gifts with him, hut did not know how to ex press her relnotanoe. " I think — we bad better not," ehe eaid at lost, simply putting the portfolio back into hlB hands and grasping her pnrse. The artist bowed. "Ae yon please," he said. "Bnt will you at least tell me the name of one who has ebown me eo much friendliness?" " I— X am Miss L' Estrange," eaid Lalsge, "I thought you had known." " Mies L'JSstrange 1" echoed the stranger In a tone of surprise, and an imperoeptible obange crossed nia taoe. "Yes," said the yonng girl simply. " Whom then did yon take me to be t" " I do not know. Some— lovely, bnt leee important inmate of the ooatle; "I eee," eaid Lalsge, turning red and pole. " Yon thought Miss L'Estrauge had been more dignified, leee eaBy of access to strangers. Bnt believe me, sir " Here she broke down. "Madam, I believe everything of yon that is lovely and enehantfog." " Sir, yon are too kind. I must bid you farewell." " Miss L'Estrange," said the artist, " before yon go allow me to offer you thle flower." He p! coked a rich red rose, and pressing a kiss npon it presented it to ber in stately fashion. Lalage stood irreaolnte in the light UUd shade, took the rose and looked at it wistfully, while flashes of red flew over her fair face, and a look of trouble over shadowed her innocent eyes. "We aboil meet again," said the stranger, regarding her for a moment with a look of intense reverence and tenderness ; and then he made a harried bow .and weot quickly away, vanishing in the colonfed diatanoe. Lalage was in the habit of carrying flowers abont with ber, and no there was nothing remarkable in the faot of her wearing a red rose in her bresBt that duy I at dinner. Her manner was absent and troubled as ebe revolved iu her mind the inoreaeed difficulty of telling her aunt of her etrango adventure. " Lalage ay dear, what have jou beeo ubout all day!" asked her aunt in the course of the evening. " 1 have been out of doors all the time," said the girl, turning suddenly pales "I think yoa have overtired yourself, my love,1' said the old lady kindly, <(aod yoa had better go to bed.n Lalage obeyed mecbauioally, and going to her own room thre'w open the windows wide. 41 1 feel suffocated," she eaid. " What is this eilence that has come over me t 1 who have beeo in the habit of telling my aunt every little thiog that happened me in the course of the day. Here 1 am 1 suddenly with my lips Beaded. Surely it is not that 1 am ashamed, for I bave done nothing wrong 1 Ob, what ia this that ia the matter with me, making me eo glad, and yet giving me such pain!" Tue oigbtiogalee sang their loudest, the moonlight fell white upon the floor, aod Lalage lay wide awake in the shadow, tietening and thinking ; all her soul alive within her. The stranger's face and voice haunted her, and hie words, "We eball meet again," kept repeating themselves In the stillness. When, and bow t Certainly not as they had already met. Another each meeting must not occur. The nigbtiogales sang themselves to sleep. Silence reigned in the woods, and the dawo broae. JLaiage saaaeoiy scarcea one oi a troubled slumber. In the pale light that- crept into her chamber she seemed to see more clearly the cauee of her trouble, and, springing up, threw on her dressing-gown. " It is the silence that will not let me breathe," she said, " aod I moat pat an end to it." She went into her aunt's room. The god. old lad; was awake, and greatly astonished to see her coming creeping iu through the dawnllght with a frightened face. " My dear, what is wrong ? Are you very unwell f ' "So — yes; that is, nothing of the kind. Bnt there is something on my mind that I want to tell you. Don't look ao alarmed, dear auntie I It ie only a trifle after all." The old lady gazed at her in astonish ment. " It is something I want to tell yon, not that it ie of any cocseqnence, but only because you ought to know everything that happens to me." " Yob, my darling ; and I tbonght 1 did." " Ah, that is it That is wbst has beeo hurting me. "Weil, the day before yester day — was it the day before yesterday? I tbiok it waa — I went to the fonntalo, and there I found an artist sketching." "A very great liberty. But, my dear, he did not annoy yon ?' " Oh no, annt Why, he was the most delightful person X ever met ia m; life! So gentlemanly, eo polite, eo clever. I talked with him for a long time, and he gave me a drawing lesson." " Lalage I why did yoa not tell me this before ?" "That is it, aunt. Why oonld I not tell you ? I tried and tried, and I could not." " Go on, my dear." "Yesterday again! met him, in qnitea different part of the grounds. He bad a portfolio of sketches, aod I eonld not bnt look at tbem. I had resolved not to linger, bnt I could not resist them. He talked a gnat deal, and made me forget the time." " Did be know who you were?' bid known all the time. When bidding me good-bye be assured me we should meet again." " Highly impertinent !" "No, aunt, I assure you. Nothing oould be more courteous, more respectful." "Lslage, you have been very imprudent. My poor little girl, I (ear we bave kept yon too mnch by yourself. I shall lak- measures for havisg this person warned off." " Annt 1" " Not ruddy, my dear ; but be shall get s proper faint. Go to your room now, and think no more abont it." Lalage went to her room, bnt to think no more abont the matter was not so easy. Her. mind was relieved to a very great extent ; bnt the thought that thie new friend who bad so bewitched ber imagina tion was to be warned <ff the premises like «<>nie vulgar intruder, troubled her more than sbe could have expressed. Nevsrthe-,. less, Bhe hoped ber aunt wonld alter this determination, and so fell asleep; and slept long into the day. That afternoon tbe two ladies set in the deep window of Mrs. L'Eetrange'a bondoir, Lalsge with a troubled face and tears in her eyee, the elder lady very erect, with a countenance slightly stern. Sbe was giving ber niece a gentle leotnre npon the thoughtlessness of her conduct. " Tbe fact is, my desr, yonng ladles of good position cannot be too particular in their conduct . I bave never dwelt on this with you, because you have lived in ench seclusion ; and so 1 do not blame you so mnch for tbe want of dignity ae for. the concealment." " No, aunt, no 1" said tbe girl hotly. " It was no oonoeslment, only difficulty. There ia no deceit in my nature." " 1 hope not, my dear. Still " Here a servant entered with a card, whioh ; he presented to Mrs, L'Estrange. "Lord Arlington of Derwent 1" murmured, the lady, "I have no acquaintance with' him, though I knew his father. What can have brought him herel. Well, .my dear, wa will say no more at present. I most go and receive a visitor."" Lalage, absorbed in bar own thoughts, bad' taken no heed of tbe name, snd waa now left in tbe window, . where she oontinned ber mining, while her annt proceeded to. the drawing-room.. A tall, handsome, dlstingniBhed-Iooking man roes to meet the lady as she entered. She was atrock on tbe inBtant by 'the charming appearance and manner of her visitor, and wrioomed him with stately courtesy. " Yon knew my father. X believe," said Lord Arlington, after acknowledging her politeness. "Yes," said Mrs. L'Estrange; "I knew him well ; and I am pleased that his son should desire my acquaintance," "Madam," eaid Lord Arlington, looking at her with deep feeling in hie expressive eyes; " I mqat not allow yon to think that it ia only for my father's sake I have pre-' seated myself to yoa. I will oonfees at onoe. that I have met your uieoe, and have beoome acquainted with her in a rather unconven tional manner." "My niece, Lilage!" cried Mrs. L'Estrange, and Ihe true position of affairs fleshed upon her. "She has doubtless told yon of the ac cident which called forth her charming kindness to a wandering artist. Madam, 1 have fallen deeply in love witb yonr niece, and X have come to ask yonr permission to offer her my hand." From the moment when hiB meaning be came dear to her the expression of Mrs. L Estrauge s lace dad undergone a variety oi changes. Surprise, pleasure, perplexity, dismay, in turns made their mark upon her features. " Lord Arlington she faltered, "ypu do us too mnoh hononr. My nieoe ia very youDg. We had wished " " Dear lady, 1 can well understand yonr reluctance to part with one so sweet." The old lady pnt her haedto her forehead. She had become very pale sod was strangely agitated. "Bear with me, Lord Arlington. I cannot, indeed, bring' myself fa refuse yon, bat yob have taken me completely by ear- prise." " X have atiU one more favour to ask of you." continued the visitor. " liet me woo her ae the poor artist she Imagined me to be. Allow me to paint yonr portrait and hen, and thus have access -to her. Tbink me foolieb, if yoa will, but I have set my heart on .continuing this little romance which chance has so ewoetly begun." " You are, indeed, romantic" said Mrs. L'Estrange, smiting faintly, "Coll me Mr. Winstanely," . said Lord Arlington. 'Perhaps 1 may even be. per-; mitted to give her lessons." \- It Bhail be as yon wish," arid the lady, still looking pale and aoxions. "When can I see her?' asked the lover eagerly. " Immediately," eaid Mre. L'Eetrange, and rang the beti. " Bring tea," ehe said to the servant, " and toll Mtss L'Estrange I- wish her to oume to me." Lalage came in, her sweet fair cheeks s little flatbed with recent tears, prepared only to bow to the stranger and take her. place behiod the tea-tray ; but st sight of ihe graceful figure, and tbe eager eyes watch ing her eotrance, she gave a tittle ory of enrpffBe and advanced quickly with out stretched baud. " I thought it was a stranger," ehe said ; "I am eo pleased you -have called on my annt." " Mrs. L'Estrange has seoooded thB kind permission yon gave me to sketoh about the grounds," said the supposed artist, Mr. WiuBtauley, with a flash of that raidiasce Cashed with melancholy which was a characteristic ol bis countenance. " I knew she would," said Lalage beam ingly. How -delightfully her tittle cloud of trouble had passed away 1 " She does more," Bald the artist, accepting the cup ot tea the young <girl offered bid. She allows me to paint a portrait of you, and Bnother of heraelf." " Auntie will be a' good titter," eaid Lalage bfoehing, " but I — I should not be a good -sitter. I don't koow how to tit." Day after day Mr. Winatonley came to the castle and pursned bis work in a little studio fitted np for his accommodation; evening after evening he took his way back to the village inn, lingering in the mossy lanes to bear tbe nightingales discoursing .1 L. V J L1L. C„ U „ V.t_ BUiiut luvtl duu Diior, uu tie luuuirru mo romantic whim, and felt an indescribable pleasure in developing hie .little plot. No thing eo sweet and guileless ss Lalage had ever been met witb, or at least recognised by the man of the world, and it flattered hie pride to feel assured of winning eo fresh a heart without aid from (die prestige of his rack and wealth. It was. sweet to him to watch tbe wakening of love and fear in her. He pursued his wooing delicately, subtly, aretie'icallf , - in a way that was sure to enchant such a'nature ashers. Heaawhertryingproadly andbravely to disbelieve the evidence of her ownseeses, to ignore the existence of his unspoken suit, to treat him as a friend aod nothing more. When words or looks-of his -had disturbed her too strongly, be delighted to see the wistfol, questioning look at ber aunfa face, aa if asking sanction for emotions so strange and yet so sweet. Ae -for tbe trouble and anxiety of the elder Jady, which were things he might also havSWtiSErMwto -escaped him. He did not perceive them at alL At laet be thought be had perplexed the eimplo creature lung enough, had drawn her willing and unwilling near enongh hie heart to satisfy even hie exacting hnmonr. And then be tbonght he wonld speak. It bappeoed in the picture gallery. Her annt bad desired her to take him there, to point out a certain picture of whioh ebe had been speaking to him. Tfaey passed from one family portrait to another, he praising the beanty of some forgotten face, or tbe execution of some skilful painting. " I do not see my fstr ancestress here whom you at all resemble," be said at lost. "No," she said, "it has often been re marked that X am not like any one oi my family. Tbey are all splendid dark people, while I am " "Like one ot FraJAngelioo's tingels," said Mr. Winstaoley. She glowed all over with a blush, but said demurely; "That is indeed sn artist's fancy." " Yon are all an artist's Tanoy," he said, taking ber band; "more, you are Ilis love, his idol, bis gloiy. Lslage, eonld you bear Is tu> a r-nnr artist's wife ?' The words seemed to stnn her. Tbe. terror, the joy of it kept ber dumb a few moments. Then she raised ber eyes and eaid simply : " I eonld bear it, unless— unless tbe bappinesB were too mnoh for tne." " My darling 1" he eaid trinmphaatly. " My lovely, ' disinterested Lalage ! How will you do with little money, a gmall house, few servauts.-macy privations?" " I shall leirn to live in tbat way," said the yonng girl gravely. "How will yon bear to hear me spoken of as lowly born V " I shall not oare. I know yon were born noble, nonatter what y our Jiarentsgo maybe." Ijord Arlington was in ecstasies. "He had fooled himselt to the top of bis beot ; he waeJ filled with triumph; he oould hardly bring himBelf'to undeceive bis promised bride. He' wonld keep -up tbe play a little longer; delight inber simplicity; .revel in1her tender pity and sympathy for bis BO ppoeed . worldly disadvantages ; exult iu her 'faith in -his powers mod her ambition for his. snooeas. " Aunt;" eaid Lalage, stealing into the old lady's dressing-room, " Annt, I bave each e wonderful piece of news to tell you. Mr. WiDBtanlFyrbas— has Oh, Ihave promised to be hiB wife." "My child I my child 1" cried the old ldy, olsaping her in brf arms. You aranot displeased, dear annt? "We know be ie poor ; bnt what of that T" " My .love; I have given my ooneent." " You are eo guod ; X knew you would. X do nut want mnch. I can live in a little honte, and I don't eat n great deal." " My darling 1" " He is so good, so handsome, eo clever. You know I am not worthy of him." Tbe old lady breathed bard, and atralned ber child closer to her.boBom. " You are wurthy of him, my love ; you are more tbau worthy of him. Fray Heaven hp may always think eo," she added, within her beart, while a deep look, of anxjBty . tofeled-bn ber facet Chaptse IL A few happy days flew post daring whioh Ijord Arlington- - indulged himself in the pleasure of analysing tbe simple trustfulness of the bmd of his promised 'bride,- H-e' allowed ber- to -make plan- for their life of retirement and industry. "I shall only hade, one plain- arese," she said, - " and sometimes a rose to make me look pretty. X shall not need any money — Boareely any at all." "Bat if weshonld not have any dfonSr1?- he eaid. " I ne ver oared nbont dinner," said Laltge, "I wonld rather have a onp of tea." So it went -op, till one evening, while they lingered beside the fountain, . he suddenly draw forth a magnificent bracelet ofdlamonds, and clasped -it on her -arm. "She stared at it in amazement. "But where did you get it ?" sbe asked. " It is bought and , ptidior," he answered, Smiling. " Ob, this will never do ; this is terrible 1" said Lalage. Why, sit," it would' tarnish oar house I" " So it would," he said. " I did not think you bad so much money io the world at this would cost," said Ls lage ; "bnt I will put it away, and we can sell it when we want something." "8b fire can," said Lord Arlington. Bat tbe next day he brought her a neck- ; lace to mstoh the bracelet, and this time she was vexed. "It mnBt be wrong," sbe eaid; "I am sorry you have done it. You know we have no right to Bnch things aa these." " Ah, but we have the right," said her lover. "My darting, these jewels belonged to my motner, ana I nave only baa -tbem reset." "Yonr mother!" said lilage. "And yet yon told me. that you were " " Lowly born," said Iiord Arlington. " Ah, I cannot understand you." "I will tease you do lcager, Lalsge, forgive me for having played yon a trick." " A trick 1" The colonr mounted to her brow. " I am hepoot tirtist; Uncertain -of joining a livelihood. I -aman -English nobleman, ondTnyntmels Iibrd Arlington OT'Derwent." Lilage had tnrned pale, and her eyes had opened, ypry wide, " Ay darling shall be a oonntess" eaid Lord Arlington. " You are telling me the . truth this time f>- eaid the girl earnestly. "On my word of honour, " said his lordship, Lalsge sighed. "Let me think about It," Bhe said. "I believe yen ate disappointed," "said Lord Arlington delightedly, " bnt yon will soon get over that, my pretty one." Mrs. L'Estrange foond her nieoe that tdght lost in a reverie et her window. "My dear," she said, "this obange does not Seem to' please you aa much ' as it ought." "I am glad for his sake, of course;" said the girl ; "I shall be proud to See trifo hold his head high. But I am sorry for my own port. There will be nothing for me to do. Anybody could wear diamonds i anybody oould vilk gracefully, through life py biz eide-j but I ahould have .been eo good to itim -had bem1!?. been poor.' -Now I uhaU have no way of ehowiug my-lovus" 'Tbia fe e romantic feeling which will quickly pais away," arid -the bid lady. "Brighten ire, toy Lalage, and be thankful for the fate that has sought you out." " I wish," ahe added mentally, " I wish 1 could, only. feel, sure that "nothing would ever occur to icloud that happy, fate." The -reflection was.oommonplaoe enongh, bnt it bad a more than ordinary meaning. Lalage'a feeling of disappointment did fadeaway before the happy realities of the life that had opened upon her. If she had not tbe privilege of making any sacrifice for her love, she bad "the enjoyment o(i seefog him already occupying a dietingmebed | position iu. the. world, apd she was woman enough to take pleasure in -all the beautiful j gifts he lavished on ber, and to hsten with, delight to the tales. he told.. her of the. woeders and charms of the great world of which Bhe knew nothicg of aa yet, bat'Which.wonld.reotive her. withmdoratioo and homage hy-and-by. Then how delicioua to hear of how they would travel together into ennnier lands, explore all tbe ftarbst exquisite corners of creation, sketch together, climb Ihe great meuotaine, float on the storied rivers. Life wonld be one long rammer's day to them, said Lord Arlington : and Lalage never ' donbted. A time was fixed for the wedding, and as the prepar- WWUU rawaaw u-| WBWNUB |fWUtUlljr aware that her aunt was in a. troubled state of mind. Her invalid node was in better ; health than usual, and he had given his consent to the marriage, and there waa no reason for tbe disturbance of Mrs. L'Eetrange'a mind save only her sorrow at parting from ner child. And Lalsge grieved that the trouble Bhould go eo deep. With the bright hopefulness of youth ebe could hardly perceive that they were going to be separated at ail. After their return from that enchanting trip, ehe and her husband were to pass mnch time with the old conple, and. plane were made which would keep them almost always near. And "in their abBeooe, thonght Lalage, wbuld not her dear. old. aunt make herself quite at comfortable, and read ber favourite magazinep and newspapers with as -mnch interest aa if her niece were in the garden alone, as she hsfl used to be so many bonis of tbe day, or wandering abont the green alleys, growing romantic from the teaching of the nightin gales? "It is only an Idea," thonght' the' happy girl ; " ehe will - not mies me bb mnoh as she thinks." Bnt the trouble In Mrs. L'Estrangeta mind was from another cause than vthat which her niece had guessed. It -came from a deep lying fear long dormant toiler mind, bnt always more br legs felt, end infieeneing her acticoa with regard to ber niece — a fear which of late had become vividly awake and alive. The qaeation of whether it eonld bs lulled to rest again, and returned to its dormant condition, or whether it might issue foam her mind to definite ehape to wffeot the destinies of others, was -usoonsoioaely decided for her one evening when Lord Arlington hid jast arrived from a hsety visit to town, and Lalage had shyly appeared, to gratify his special whim, in a drees of the richest velvet and lace,' and wearing- all -bis diamonds npon her breast, and arms, and head. "Countess Lslage !" eeidheraont, kissing her and holding ber off ; and tbe old lady thought hia lordship more abstracted -and. lesB eothusiastio'tban he ongbt to bave been et tbe sight of so enchanting an SDnorltian. " Have yon heard any bad news !" asked Lslage, laying her hand on hia -arm. " Yoc seem noneually overcast." "Yea; love," be arid; "I have been witnessing trouble. A poor fellow, a par ticular-friend of mine, is separating from his wife. It la a quarrel arising from a deception that was. practised upon bim 'by her. There Wsutne' -family aedret-Whfoh she withheld . from him. It has come to his knowledge without her assistance; and he cannot forgive her." '" b -not that rather harsh P said- Mrs. L'Estrange, turning pale, -and -withdrawing into the shadow-Of « enrthln. "I cannot- say I thiok eo," said his lordship,, a little stiffly. " Everything con cerning hiB wife smgfat kd be confided to a man -before -fris— marriage with -her. - In ,thia. =cape it wm -particularly - important Her parentage/, was. in question. ' She was not ao well burn as he supposed." "I think he is oreel man," said -Mre. L'Estrange, "however wrong she may have- been." "Tbat ia aocordfog to one's notioas," -eaid Lord Arlington. Lalage bad been silent, looking witb a' little awe Into the face of her future husband. " I have no secret, tfaunk -Heaven 1" ahe-mur- mnred with a sigh, | " Aunt." she Said later. " how thankful I am that 1 am Uat-is Galled well-born." Tbe old -lady gave a little -gasp that waa almost a cry, and seized her hand. " Come in here with me, my dear ; I want to speak to yon." Are yuu not welt ?' asked the girl anxiously, following her. "Not quite; a little oppressed. Sit down, snd let me speak to yon." Lalage oast -a rapid baakward glanoe over her own oondnct. ' "Have I done anything wrong?' she aeksd. ".Wrong? You, my prerieas child? You xiev«/dffluythbgwro»)g," "Ob, anntie, wbst an immoral concleeion ! What wonld the catechism say if it heard yoc ?' " My dear, I osnnot jest. Listen to me while I have courage. I bave something important to tell you." "Yea, auntie, I am listening. Dod'S be o distressed. What can it be that can matter so mnch. Yon are well — unole ia well —lam well ; and somebody else is thajdearest and greatest, and beat in the world." " My child I" " X don't believe there's anything fin tbe world that oeuld be wrong." But- the girl's cheek paled a Httlensebe saw how deep was the distress, how raai the struggle that had seized on the mind ol ber annt. ' Come, auntie ; speak, speak 1" Mrs. L'Estrange. raised her head snd looked at her earnestly. " Lslage, yon are wise and brave. Can I trust yoa with a secret ?" "A BeereS? I- hate secrete. Ob,' auntie, must you lay it on me? Nay, tbat waa a a elfish speech. Whatever yon seffer from I would share." " My. tender child 1 But if it were only a question of my own suffering, I should: hot have resolved to speak to yon." The matter, concerns yooraelf— will conoern all yonr after life. ' The life yoc most go on with when I am in the grave." "And I must hear it f "I have made up my mind that it Ie important you should. would guard you against misfortune; teach you how to avoid the wreck of your happiness." Lalage eonld ask no more, but eat gazing at tbe elder lady with beseeching eyev. \- leu me," ene esia at last. : "Lalage, you heard Lord Arlington (describe the situation of his friend who ib Ieeparatwg from hie wife. The position of that wile may ba yonr own possibly In the future, unless you follow the cooDBel I shall jgive you." ' What do you mean f j " You are less well born than he thinks ;yon„. . Ah, my., child,, do .. . not stare so (wildly 1 You are not my nieoe, nor any (relation to rue or to my hoabaod. We hare treated you fee our dhild, we have called you our nieoe; and unfoas wicked" and troublesome people should spring np to try to destroy yon, no one need ever know' that yon are taot what the world has believed you to bs." " Go on, auntie." -Tbis ia why I have shrunk- from intro ducing yoa to society — from the thought of year befog Bought to marriage by someone like Lord Arlington. Bnt fate brought the.thing.Ifearedinto ypur life and mine,, before I had had time to decide on what I ought to do. Since yohf" engagement I have tried to. lay my feara at rest, to hope that onofi you' were married to a man who fovea you eo dearly. aU dread of misfortune would be over. But Lord Arlington's conversation of this evening haa driven me ont ot my wita with fear for your future. Should he ever discover that you are the child of low, of wicked patents, he may turn, like his friend, and make, yen miserable for ever. Yon may do mncb to avoid this, aod should claims be made updo yon yon must know how to meet jthem and . ward off the danger. Thie ia why 1. bave told you, even at the risk of over-oloudtog year yonng mind with anxiety abd care. Heaven knows what a terrible effort I have -made fur. year sake; but I Know how. yonr heart ie bound npn this man, and I fear to see the marriage|broken offi." Lalsge, as pale as a ghost, rose fromiber knees, and walked up and- down the room bidding her hand to ber bead. "Let me think," ' ehe -eaid; "let me thick. I fed a tittle stunned, but I know there ia a way out of this." " What way, Lalage.; what way ?' " Why, anotie, to bell him oo tbe iofitaat, gourse. It wpB the .secret thzt disgusted him— how cso you have forgotten that? It -web the disloyalty, the waot of ooofidenoe, -the cold, eileat dittruat. U I were u I ehould feel it as he did," "Lslage," said her a out, "you cannot date to tell him. Lord. Arlington loves you, but. he is a man of the world. He 1b proud of his birth, proud of the unbroken nobility of hU line. It is a p aft ol your perfection io hits eyes that you belong to a family whose antiquity -and prestige cannot be questioned." "Nay," uatf Aewifch. a pale smile, "you do not thick he would oast me off? Take away bit love from me because of eome family misfortune for wbtoh I am not acco notable?' T An ri nV tnrvw ? tint T "fmai- Thftm h Ihnk In his face, 1n tria character, ia his manner this eveniog, that makes me dread to let him know what 1 have told yoa." "Bat remember," eaid Lalage, " remem- j ber bis delight because I accepted his love, believing him to be under a olond. Ah, he will only be glad to have an opportunity of acting ae I did." "My love, I wish I eonld think witb yon." " Besides, what difference does it nuke ? I am yonr own real child. 1 have beeu eu all my life. Who is going to rise np and claim me ?' Mrs. L'Estrange shuddered. " Sit down here, Lalage, for J mast complete what Ihave begun. I will tell you the story of your parentage and birth." They sat far into the night, while Lalage listened to a -sad narrative which need not be narrated here. Sbe wept bitterly, and trembled while ber annt reiterated that Lord Arlington must never bear the tele. In all probability, said Mrs. L'Estrange, no one wonld ever discover the shadow of her eecret ; no one would ever claim her, and her huBband would never suspect that there was anything to bide. There -waa only a ohauae ; and by vigilance and presence of mind Lalage mutt be prepared to deal witb sn emergency should it erise. " Aod live a lie ?' Eaid Lalage, lifting s wan face out of her aunt's lap to the dawn light that crept towards thsin. through the window. " Da not use such dreadful words, darting," said the afflioted old lady. " Live in peace. Innocent ufrou are." " I could no longer be innocent," eald Lalage, "were I to look in Lord Arlington's face, and keep the knowledge of thie from him." Mrs L'Estrange rocked herself in her chair. "Oh, what have T done?' she moaned. " Ob, what have I done ?" "Yon have done right; anntie; but do not let as now begiu to do horribly wrong !" "Yon shall not tell him," eaid her anot, holding her bands. . " Anntie, do you remember how yon re proached me with concealment when I withheld from yon for a few hours, through mere shyness and diffidenoe, the fact of my having met with Lord -Arlington in the garden ? If you were shocked theD, thick, thiok what he wonld afterwards feel I 1 could not do.it. Why ehould you wish me to do it ? Auntie, ie your nature eo ehaoged that you have suddenly oome to think so little of a falsehooo ?' " Ob, forgive -me I" ehe oontioned, as the poor old lady bent her bead. " I know you will think differently by-nd-by. Besides," she added cheerfully, "I know there is nothing to be eo miserable abont. I feel that 1 am loved, and that this wretched story will make.oo lasting difference. Cost me loff ? He could ,nofc east me off. He -fovea me a great deal too dearly." Sbe sprang to her -feet -and laughed. Yes," she said ; " ell this is notbiog bnt a nightmare. I am bound to him iu spite at it, for be lores me for myself." With smiles and loving speeches ahe coaxed the weary old woman to. rest; and' than went away to ber own room, where ebe walked up aod down in the sunrise, 'thinking the matter, over, and trying. to see in it only an opportunity for proving the fealty of her lover. She thought ever all the exalted sentimente she had heard him express ; The approbation he always bestowed on anv noble conduct : tbe thou- sand words and acta bf -tenderness be had lavished on bereelf ; the many timee he bad told her ebe wea the only woman in tbe world be oonld moke bis wife. Was it to be supposed that aU oonld be forgotten because a misfortune had fallen npon her? Were auoh to be the case be waa no longer Hie person ebe bad believed him to be. It was only the concealment that dis gusted and offended him in the ooee of his friend's wife. He bad beeo right io Baying that every circumstance relating to his fulnre wife should be laid before a man previous to hia marriage with ber. When hearing bim speak ao; ahe had little Idea that there was any secret yet to be unfolded concerning herself. Bat, einae this secret existed, she woold oertafnly make it known to him without delay. I/ord Arlington had arranged to spend the day with tbe friend whose trouble hsd affected him ao muah, and waa not to return to Xjalage'a presenoe until dinner time ; and in the meantime sbe set herself to prepare to meet him with ber unhappy tale, to get the burthen off ber mind before sbe could enter the castle again. Mre. L'Estrange waa too ill that day to rise from her bed, and her husband sat by her side trying to cnoeole her. ' The child ia right," he said, " and we most not interfere witb her. Bat courage, my deer ; no one eonld resist our Lalsge." Meantime the girl -waa dressing herself to go forth and encounter the dismay of her lover. . She put on a plain white gown, hardly whiter than her face, and a thonght went throngh her mind concerning this attire : " It is worn both for monrning aod joy, and so will it do for either fortune." She bad never let her beart sink alto gether, but It beat heavily as she went slowly along the flowery paths and across the grasBy lawns, feeling that ahe was at least going to bring cruel disappointment to one who had been ao good to her. She was before her time, . and &b; ehe waited, wandering amoDg the beds of roses, sbe plucked two, a red and a white, and said to herself ; "X will offer them to bim for choice before I speak. The red shell be for hope, the white for fear. It he takes tbe red X shall feel my heart begin to get warm. If tbe white " ane eaw nte ngnre aavanctng out oi tne distance towards her. He quickened his step to meet her, and when be came near eoongh ehe etretched out her hand offering him the roses. "Only one," sbe said playfully. "Which will you have ?" "The one most like yourself," he an swered, smiling, and drawicg the white one from between her fingers, "Ah, it is too like at present," he added hastily, as he saw a deadly pallor overspread her countenance. She turned away ber head a moment; and then recovering herself locked him wistfully in the face; " lord Arlington, I want to apeak to you I have something to tell you." He smiled again, thinking it so impos sible as she had done) that anything coold be seriously wrong. "Have the diamonds been stolen?" be asked , " or has anything happened to your favonrite dress ?" "Do not jest," she said imploringly, and looked at him again with a long pleading look. " Tell me at once what is the matter," leaid Lord Arlington, taking both her little -odd hands in his own. "My lord, I want to ask you a question. Did your friend— the friend you spoke of yesterday — love his wife before be married (her ?" ; Certainly he loved her. And eo it is this ' unlucky story that is troubling yonr sensitive mind, my sweetheart ?' "Had she told him her secret before -they were married, what do you suppose he would bave done ?' " 1 do not know ; I cannot say," he answered lightly. " Why plague your little head with such questions ?" " Lord Arlington, lwst evening I looked you in the face, and eaid happily and most truly, ' I have no secret, I could not say so this eveniog." "Oh, Lalage! yon with a secret I How can yon ask me to believe each nonsense I" " Yon must fie-en to me, you must un derstand me," cried the girl, in a tone of anguish ; " I am terribly, terribly in earnest." Lord Arlington was startled into serious- oeaa. " Speak, then," he sail gravely. Lalage wrung her hands together, and looked on the ground while ebe spoke. ' I have learned, only laet night, that you have been deceived with regard to me. I am not the person you have supposed me to be. X am not Miss L'Estrange. I have no claim of relationship npon tbe dear ones whom I have known as my ancle and aunt. My parentage is obBcure, and a shadow on my birth. I cannot tell yon all the details. My annt will relate them to you." Lord Arlington passed hie bBnd over his eyes, as if to remove some film that clouded his vision, aod then he looked again at the trembling figure before him. "Lslage;" be said in an altered voice, " I am sure you are ilL Do not be obstinate, kn» AAma hnnV fi >ia nueflc In rnnr annt." " My aunt ?" said Lalsge. " Have I not told you ? Ah, it is sbe who is ill. Lord Arlington, I have come hereto give yoa back your freedom— if you wilL" " Good Heavens ? do you know what you are saying !" " I know it only too well My fate, cur fate, is in your bondB." "Lalage, do yon know what yoa appear to me now ? A frightened girl, raving in delirium. Let me hear this incredible story authentically from other lips. Not till tben can I treat it as worthy of consideration." "Colonel L'Estrange will see you," Bold Lalage. " Go to him." "At once," said Lord Arlington, and a hitter gleam came into his eyes, seeming to belie his asseverations ot unbelief. The yonng girl cast one timid glance at bis face, but be wis gazing over her head at some thing beyond her. Not one word of assur ance, of comfort, of tenderness, did he bestow on her before he tnrned sway with darkened brow and whitened lip. And Lalage was left alone, paring np and down the grass, waiting .for ebe knew not what, praying wildly for hia retorn. "He will come back," she sold to her self, " to find me here, and tell me that it makes no difference. It ie natural he should be shocked, feeling that he has been deceived ; bnt how could be cast me off? Why, he lores me I He has told me so again and again. I am still the same creators. I lore him even more because I have been obliged to give this unkind stab of pain. He coold not do without me not if he tried. He will eoon retorn, looking for me to tell me ao. Oh, come back, came back, or " The daylight bad crept away, and the moonlight suddenly awoke and silvered Lalage'a white dress Seeing it ehe started and felt ashamed of her patience and ber lingering, findiog herself belated in tbe park. Sbe fled among the trees like a white bird with a wounded wing, and reaching the castle, hurried to cross the library on her way to her own chamber. With her hand on a -certain ehe was staved in tbe act of lifting It. Troubled voices were raised in diBcnsrion within the library. " I have owned the wrong we did, Lord Arlington," theoolonel was saying, " owned it sorrowfully, end repented it bitterly. We were placed in a difficult position, and we feared to destroy the happiness of oar child. Sbe is eo nnknowo, the chance of its ever coming to light eo email, that we should bare been safe in keeping eilence to the end. We have been wrong, bnt not ao wrong aa we might have been ; end we are eererely punished in as mnch ae the jenalty of our fanlt must be heavily paid jy her." "And am I not pnnithed for what I have nqt deserved 1" said Iiord Arlington in a voice of anger. " I earns here in good faith and trusted yen all, and in return my hopes are broken and my life ie spoiled. She — ehe ie yonng. beantifnl, enchanting — ehe will learn -to forget me and be happy." " I hope she will, Lord Arlington ; I traet she will," sold the old colonel with deep feeling. " We will speak of her no more. Go now, and do likewise yonreelt. Yon are a man of the World, and with so much self-denial yoa mnBt be a philosopher. Do not anger yourself longer." "Sir!" cried Lord Arlington, "ynu are strangely heartless. 1 can never forgiva yon for what yon hare made me Buffer." And then followed the opeoing nod shotting of the door. 11 age looked into the library, end eew the old man Bitting with bowed head, monrn ing for ber sorrow. She crept to hia aide and laid hie head on her breast. " Do not gneva," ehe whispered; "let him go in bit pnde. We will learn to be happy without him." " I pray Heaven we may," said the old mas ; " I prey Heaven we may, my good, brave tittle girl." Nevertheless, a faint bope still lingered unacknowledged in Lalage'a mind, aod for to rani daya the wandered reetleedy abcil from room to room, and from garden to garden, expecting every moment to see ber lover return. He did not oome, and after a week had passed Lalage felt ill ; and when she was sufficiently recovered to be able to move, the old lady and gentleman forgot their infirmities and their love of home, and took her abroad with them to travel. 'c Oat In the foreign world the girl cast off her sad looks, and threw herself with ardonr Into every intellectual enjoyment that was open to her. She was never tired of explor ing the treasures of art, of feasting her eyes on the aoonmolatioQfl of beauty which the centuries bad heaped up for the delight of her yonng eyes. An insatiable love for all that was old, cations, and beautiful carried her all over Europe. She painted, modelled, studied, and seemed so happy that the old people oongratulated each other, and said that tbe wound had not gone deep. " But ehe cannot always live like this," they said. ' She must see a little of the gaieties 01 me. So they took her to a fashionable resort, where she became the famous beauty of the hour. Tbe quiet life of artistic study and effort was forgotten, and Lalage dressed, danced, and fluttered through her hours like the crowds of other belles she saw around her. She waB surrounded with admirers, and laugbed as they came and went ; only wben any man seemed to love her sbe immediately kept herself out of his way. A word or look of love afflicted her, aud she kept all such troubles aloof. After some time, however, it happened that a lover who loved ber truly found an opportunity to force bis eoit npon her ; tbe semblance of forgetfulness was torn away, the chord of pain was touched, aud Lalage wept all that night, and said wearily next day : "Isn't there somewhere else, dear annt, where we could go! I should like to see tbe Holy Land." And so thither they went, and Lalage was satisfied again in a fashion of her own. With feverish eagerness she punned her way from one storied spot to another of the wonderful little country of Palestine. After she bad visited every corner cf it, and fitted carefnlly into its scenery all tbe marvelloos events that happened there, sbe settled down into a quiet comer to think her own thoagbte about it all ; and during tbie time sbe seemed to live in a sort of dream of peace; only as the calm days passed over her head ehe grew visibly thinner and whiter. At last one day she was suddenly struck with her own wan looks in the glass, aud cried out, asking to be taken home, " I want to see the park," Bbe said, " and the old loantain. I want to hear the nightingales again.' They hurried home with her, hnrried rather too much, for they arrived at a harsher season than was safe for a creature so frail. The winds gave her a rough welcome, and Lalage lay on ber bed waiting for them to go by, and waiting for tbe nightiogales to sing. And tbe winds went by, and tbe nightingales eaog, but there was no Lalage to heed them any more. Neverthelesa the roses bloomed as luxu riantly, the foootaio tinkled ae pleasantly that eammer, as if the girl's light steps had been coining and going among them. It was in the flush of autumn, when tbe woods were looking their loveliest, that Lord Arlington found hi6 way back to the little qmet out-of-the-way Tillage at the gates of Castle Strange. It was only three years since he had been here before, and he was not changed in outward appearance; bathe told himself, as he walked through tbe mossy alleys, tbst tbe time bad been weary with him all the days and mouths of absence, aud that he had been a fool to keep away from this enchanted spot so long. How will she greet oef he asked himself. "Will she be cold or tender, haughty or kind? Ah, 1 have learnt her wortb, and I will humble myself to the very dust to win her back 1" Mrs. L'Eet range was seated alone in a corner of the great drawing room. A book was on her koee, but her weary old head was bnried io a cushion, Ber years had weighed heavily npon her of late, all occupations had fallen from her hands, and ehe whs wont to dose away the still afternoons trying tra forget her gtlef, "Bleeping for sorrow." She had been dreaming of L&lage;'s happy days, and when Lord Arlington's entrance startled her, his presence seemed only a continuation of her dream. He was too agitated by his own position to notice her silence aud ber troubled looks, but taking ber passive hand, bent aud kissed it with a contrite air, while he poured out his greetings, his regrets, and his hopes into ber ear. " I made a bitter mistake," he said, " and 1 have suffered for it j aud now I have come to throw myself on her mercy, to crave her pardon. If ahe will only listen to me, I will strive to make up for my fault by the love aud service of my whole lifetime." " You have come back to marry Lalage?' said tbe old lady dreamily. ' Give me some hope," said Lord Arling- wUi J. vauuuir live WlLUOUt nee. " That was what she thought," said Mrs. L'Eetrange, "that she could not live with out you. She did not say so, but we saw it in her face." Thank Heaven ! said the lover ; 11 then I am not forgotten. Tell me, dear lady, when and where can I find Lalage f Tbe poor old lady looked at him vaguely. This last blow seemed to overturn her miod a little. " Lalage 7 she said. " Where is Lalage T She is down by the old fountain, where ehe always loved to be. Lalage is down by the old fountain." " A thousand thanks " cried Lord Arlington joyfully, and taking a hasty fare well he hurried out of th«- castle, and mde tor the old favourite baunt with a throbbing heart. " Where we first m6t," he said to him self as he went along, " there shall we meet gain," He was infinitely relieved at having been received so gently by Mrs. L'Eetrange. No coldoew, no reproach. The way had indeed be6o made easy for him. He arrived at tbe well-remembered epot, lifted tbe boughs of the trees, and saw no one, stepped out on the graea, aud eaw the plaoe quite deserted. /'Lalage J" he called aoftly. but nothing stirred. Tbe water in tbe fountain mar- mured, tbe breeze moved the trees, but no otber sound broke the tranquil stillness. The deep colouring of the wild garden, the fanny silence, the sweet half-melancholy that reigned around aud bad a Bed to chsrm her won upon him, and seeming almost part of herself, made him long more impatiently to behold her appear. Tired of waiting be again parted tbe drooping boughs, when his foot struck against something in his way. There, sheltered by the trees and covered with moss and flowers, was a narrow mouod, and above the mound was a cross, and npoa the oroes was one word : " Lalage." 