TO THH EDITOB. Sir— The tendency of s»me people who call themselves intelligent to rush to conclusions iu tbe absence of data aud without consideration commensurate with the gravity of tbe issues involved, finds frequent exemplification. Take a recent illustration. An itinerant conjuror, professing to expose the so- called trickeries of spiritualism, visits Adelaide, and we fiud that people who probably t»ever before gave tbe subject a moment's thought leave White's Rooms with settled convictions as to tbo unreality of those most wonderful phenomena, to tbe genuineness of which millions of patient and earnest inves tigators bave testified. Tbe fact tbat tbe con juror himself sets up a claim to powers which barely fall short of what is called the miracn lous (vid« Adwrtistr, April 12), and that thi. ikaclf is but a r«du«tio» of iora«r pre tensions on his part— at least so it i. stated-and leave Professor Baldwin to justify himself if necessary- does not appear £ make tbe hollowness of the alleged exposure » whit more conspicuous. People who hava notions as to what is a priori possible «r impos sible readily accept any seeming endorsment of their - views,' but are far too lazy orkfi^en to trouble themselves with any experiment which might result in overthrowing mum off their cherished ideas. ^ mmm * The belief in an epoch of minelsjg tome eighteen centuries ago is still pretty nneral but those who in this enlightened age say that what has occurred before will, under similar conditions, occur again, and as a matter of fact has »© occurred, are extremely liable to bescouted as knaves or fools. Is this belief aimplr ? nnfttv fancy, or does 'distance land enchantment to the vww?' if the argument of « J£i impossibility is tenable at all it most apply not only to Utter-day miracles, but with equal force to the events of wmotJsJeV The mode of reasoning I have referred tola! however, essentially absurd, and aothins «i- prises me more than to find it so oftearesorted to in this age of inductive science. A man who says a certain thing did not take place M be cause it could not,' and persists in holding tbat opinion, however strong the evidence may be against him, is guilty of the most contemptible silliness. Professor Huxley says: ? 'With regard to the miracle question, I can only say tbat the word ' impossible* is not applioable to matters of philosophy. That the possibilities of nature are infinite is an aphorism with wnioa I am wont to worry my friends.1* Spiritualism is after all, then, so far as its evidence. It is easy to say that they conflict with received theories but theories must he fitted to the facts and not facts to the theories; and if the theories be true, and the phenomena genuin*, tbere can be only an apparent dis crepancy, for Nature never contradiots herself . Fraud, too, may be discovered in oonneetiou with some phase of spiritualism, bat of what true thing may we not say the same ? Are the truths of religion invalidated by the artful and fraudulent practices of some of those who pre tend to teach it ? If spiritualism furnishes one really good scientifically-conditioned 'test,' tbat test must be dealt with by itself, and answered as such. One experiment of this kind is worth more tban a whole world of theories, and a perfect tempest of noisy objec tions. Does tbe reader ask for such a one ? He can fiud hundreds in tbe works of De Morgan. Alfred Russell, Wallace, Crookes, Cromwell, Varley, Mapes, and other scientific authorities, all traiaed in tbe exact and careful obser vation of natural phenomena, and many of them ranking iu reputation with such men as Faraday and Darwin. But does the reader share in tbe prevailing mis trust of science, and ask for the testimony of men who belong to the ordinary scale of intel ligence? Let him consider the testimony of millions who have investigated the phenomena of modern spiritualism and became convinced of their absolute genuineness. Such evidence, which in spite of its vast mass is remarkably consistent with ifself , and intensified in value by the general good character of the witnesses, is simply irresistible. Its value it not in the least vitiated by a few shallow public " expo sures,' but becomes even greater when we find that spiritualists are in general the very first to hunt one dishonest mediums, and to warn the public against them. The manifestations that are attested to by such vast numbers as genuine may or may not be caused by tbe spirits of the so-called dead, I offer no opinion on tbat point — tbe facts first, tbe theories afterwards, to explain them — but the genuineness ;9ai W4. ???* vAwoeuiusjij UHgQ WVUUI V1VU of tbe phenomena is, I submit, placed beyond a doubt. Even Professor Baldwin admits that there are some whioh cannot be explained by trickery— such as clairvoyance, for example. An admission of this kind by tbe great 'ex- poser' is worth considering. It is a mistake to think that the phenomena of spiritualism are new. They are not; they bave simply reached an amazing development when subjected, in this scientific age, to the process of inductive investigation. The ttme may be said of nearly all the great natural forces. The sun-produced magnetism of tbe earth has existed potentially from all known times ; but it was Science, following the path marked out for it by tbe great Bacon, who first discovered its lawn ; who taught the needle to act sympathetically with auother placed at a great distance off ; who saw at last the absolute identity of all force, aud finding that electricity under certain conditions changes into the form of magnetism, and vice versa,gave the world those marvellous products of scientific enquiry, tbe telephone and the electric light. Science will no doubt do tbe same for spiritualism. The follies and fancies which have collected around the manifestations of psychic force in past ages will pass away like mist iu the light of increased knowledge, but tbe fact wbich underlies them all will remain. It will simply be taken out of the realm of wonder and fear, and placed oa the level of plain, easily-understood truth ; and future Dr. Johnsons, writing of tbe belief in ' ghosts,' will not have to complain that those who deny it with their tongues are as a role the first to confess it witb their fears. — I am, &o.;, PHILALETHES. 