For Ever and Aye. A SYDNEY ROMANCE. BY ALICE HEATHFIELD. CHAPTER XXXV. FRED'S DREAM. "IN MEMORIAM." Night brought no rest to Nella. She could not close her eyes, and withstand all Birdie's efforts to try and sleep. 'Never mind me, Birdie, I am used to keeping my eyes wide open at night,' she tells her. 'If I sleep I am haunted with dreams, and then I am worse next day. Go to sleep, dearie, and when I feel tired, I will get into bed.' And Birdie must be satisfied. She knows of old that Nella cannot be persuaded against her will, and she watches her get her book, and write away at railway speed in it, as if to travel away and leave her own thoughts behind; and so hour after hour passes, till the daylight steals in through the shady venetian shutters; and the busy writer thinks it is time to put her work out of sight. She opens the windows, and lets the cool morning air play over her hot face, and listens to the multitudes of tiny birds chirping their morning salutations to each other, and sending up their daily hymn of thanksgiving to Heaven's gate through the sunny haze which has not yet cleared off the great busy sleeping world. Nella listens to them for a long time, then she goes and laves her burning brow in the cool, inviting, crystal water. She changes her loose blue wrapper for a pretty white morning dress, and with a loving glance at her sleeping friend, whom she is afraid of disturbing with a kiss, she opens the door quietly, and finds her way down into the garden. Oh, how gloriously beautiful everything looks. The grand old trees, from whose gigantic branches their tiny lodgers warble forth a musical welcome! The lovely flowers gleaming and dazzling in the soft sunlight, with|| their weight of dewy jewels, before the hot sun comes to rob them of their treasures! The emerald grass studded with dia- monds! The fair blue heavens from which a soft cloudy maze is not yet chased away by the ad- vancing steps of morning! What a different aspect everything wears now to what it will a few hours later when all the heavy sleepers are awake, and the first glory of the day has gone for ever. Nella Carlisle is "monarch of all she surveys.' She has the beautiful scene to herself, and a solemn calm fills her heart—such a calm as has been a stranger to it for months past. She thinks of Tennyson's words— Calm is the morn without a sound, Calm as to such a calmer grief. And only through the faded leaf The chestnut pattering to the ground. Calm and deep peace in this wide air, These leaves that redden to the fall; And in my heart, if calm at all, If any calm, a calm despair. She repeats the last two lines softly, aloud, and returns to the house to get the book. The servants are up and about now, and the house-door is open. Janet is in the library, where she goes to search for the volume, and is rather startled to see Miss Carlisle up so early. 'Don't be frightened, Janet, I am not a ghost. I could not sleep, so I came down to see how the garden looked with the dew fresh on it.' 'It does you good, Miss Nella, because you have, quite a nice colour. But sit down here, Miss, just for five minutes, and I'll get you a cup of coffee,' and kind-hearted Janet hurries off to put her good intention into execution. She thinks there is not another young lady in the world to equal Nella, and it is her serious intention to ask her to take her home to England, as her attendant, when she is married. Nella has not far to search before she finds the "In Memoriam," which is her ac knowledged favourite of Tennyson's works, and then Janet returns with the coffee. She is thanked very warmly for her consideration, and during the day Nella finds a pretty blue silk necktie, which she gives her as a mark of her favour, not as pay- ment for her services. She is soon back again in her favourite reading corner of the garden, and it does not take long before she is absorbed in her volume. She is aroused by approaching footsteps. She looks up quickly, and discovers the new comer to be Fred. He takes a seat by her side. 'Did the same spirit move us both this morning?' he asked. 'I have been up the last hour. I had such a pleasant dream of my lost darling last night, Nella. It has given me such comfort.' 'Dear old fellow, you wanted it. Tell me all about it,' answers Nella interestingly, and Hastings commenced in a low, hushed voice. 'I dreamt I was lying asleep in my own room, when I was awakened by a strain of indescribably exquisite music. I knew it could not come from human voices, instruments, or birds, but I lay there with my eyes closed, like one entranced, the music entering into my very soul, like the spirit of con- solation to give it rest. How long I laid there listening, I know not, but a sweet, soft, heavenly voice addressed me, saying, 'Awaken, O beloved dreamer, and look upon one whom thou wilt never see more with earthly eyes!" And then my eyes unclosed, and I saw standing near me, my little bride, my Cecy, arrayed in pure robes of silvery white, her beautiful eyes shining like two stars in their perfect loveliness, and in them there was no taint of earthly passion. She was standing before a band of maidens of angelic beauty and grace, with their hands crossed upon their bosoms, and the light emitted from their gleaming robes filled my room with a brightness unattainable from the sun. And Cecile spoke to me again. 'Grieve not for me,' she said, 'for my happiness is great. My soul yearns not for earth, nor gives one sigh for thee, who made my life on earth a life of joy. My spirit hovers o'er thee day and night; 'tis near thee when thou knowest it not. Farewell, beloved one, we soon shall meet again!' and with a smile of ineffable love, she touched me on the brow with her hand, and my eyes closed. The light gradually faded from the room, and I could hear again the music which had awakened me; it was like beauty melting into sound, and the words they sung were what my angel bride had spoken last. 'Farewell, beloved one; we soon shall meet again.' A feeling of calm content filled my heart, and I sank to sleep again; the music from the heavenly band sounding in my ears, and I can still hear it singing, 'We soon shall meet again! we soon shall meet again !' Nella does not disturb him from his reverie, and she watches the happy peaceful expression which has come to the face, so lately bowed to the dust in its heavy grief. She lays her hand quietly on his, and he feels the sympathy she does not put into words. 'He has found 'an angel in the night,' she mur- murs to herself, and she starts as her eye catches the lines lying open in her lap. 'I cannot see the features right, When on the gloom I strive to paint The face I know; the hues are faint And mix with hollow masks of night; Till all at once beyond the will I hear a wizard music roll. And through a lattice on the soul Looks thy fair face and makes it still.' The leaves turn over with the soft zephyrs that are playing around, and at length Fred turns to his companion. 'Forgive me, Nella, for having disturbed you, but it has done me good to tell you what I saw and heard in my vision of the night.' 'Hush Fred, you are always welcome, whatever I am doing.' 'And what were you doing when I came? Read- ing "In memoriam," ' and as he speaks he picks up the book. 'Nella, was this written for me? Oh listen for a minute. Is this not beautiful? It is like a message from Cecile. I watch thee from the quiet shore, They spirit up to mine doth reach; But in dear words of human speech Our souls communicate no more. And I, 'Can clouds of nature stain The starry clearness of the free? How is it? Cans't thou feel for me The painless sympathy with pain?' And lightly does the whisper fall; " 'Tis hard for thee to fathom this; I triumph in conclusive bliss, and that serene result of all." So hold I commune with the dead; Or so methinks the dead would say, Or so shall grief with symbols play, And pining life be fancy fed. He reads on and on page after page, and Nella Car- lisle sees from his face how he feels the words which our great Poet-Laureate wrote with his heart's blood, in memory of his friend, the man he held as half divine." 'Oh, Nella! I did not think there was such poetry in the world. It breathes comfort in every syllable. May I take the book and read it through? It is as if I were speaking to Cecile,' says Fred, and Nella tells him he is ' welcome' to it, and he may keep it as long as he likes; and she points out one beauty after the other in the immortal poem, till the prosaic sound of the breakfast-bell strikes in upon their far-away dreams, and they rise to return to the hall. 'How Tennyson must have loved his friend,' Fred remarks, 'I could see that much as I glanced through the pages. "The comrade of my choice," he calls him in one place; and in another, "The man I held as half-divine."' 'In every line there is a solemn affection,' answers Nella. 'In one part you will notice where he styles him "My friend, the brother of my love, a soul of nobler tone;" and a little further on he writes of him, Dear as the mother to the son, More than my brothers are to me: and he beautifully says, The human hearted man I loved, A spirit, not a breathing voice. but all through the book it is the same.' 'What a noble man Arthur Hallam must have been to inspire such love in another!' is Fred's reply; and Nella's content is disturbed again by his next remark—'He must have loved him, Nella, as we love our Arthur Darrell!' CHAPTER XXXVI. BERTIE SURPRISES HERSELF. 'Hallo, Aunt Helena, you seem to have received some good news, judging from your face,' says Jack to Mrs. Carlisle, who is reading her country letters, which have just been delivered. 'Splendid news indeed, Jack, for your uncle informs me he has at length disposed of his busi- ness most advantageously, and that we shall be living here in Sydney in less than two months. Is that good news for you, girls?' 'Glorious!' is Stella's emphatic answer, 'and how nice it will be for Nella to be married from our own house in town.' And then, of course, everyone in the room has something complimentary to say on the matter. Arthur Darrell is rather surprised when he comes downstairs, to hear from Nella she is going away at the end of the week with her mother and Stella for about a month, but he does not say anything against it. 'It will do you good, I hope, my darling,' he says when they are left to themselves, ' and you must take as much fresh air and exercise as possible; you are looking so wan and spiritless lately, and I don't know where your colour has gone to.' 'Oh, I am all right,' she hastily answers. 'I daresay my native mountain air will soon bring the roses back, so you will scarcely recognise me when I return.' 'There is small fear of that, dear. And how will you amuse yourself in the country?' 'I always manage to make time pass quickly. I will work hard at my book, because I want to finish it; and if I don't write when I feel so in- clined, I can't write at all. If the strong desire I have now were to die away, the most probable thing is, that it will remain in its unfinished state for ever.' 'Then write now, Bella dear; you cannot guess how anxious I am to read it, I am constantly thinking of it. How long will it take you to finish it?' 'I hope to do it while I am home, Arthur.' 'And will you copy it whilst you are up there?' he replied with a smile, remembering how she had described her writing when they were speaking on the subject previously, 'or are you going to let me read it in its rough form? I am sure I could manage it.' 'If you are so confident of being able to decipher my hieroglyphics, I am almost tempted to let you try. But you have no idea what laborious work you are so wishful for,' Nella replies with a laugh. 'Never mind, dear, take compassion on my ignorance. It cannot be harder work than keep- ing my great stock of impatience under control. It you don't mind me reading your novel in its present condition, I am more than willing to un- dertake the Herculean task, as you picture it.' And Nella promises him she will satisfy his curiosity; then she told him of Fred's comforting dream, and spoke of him for a while, till Fred himself came to show her some fresh beau- ties he had discovered in his perusal of "The Memoriam," and they were into the verandah, where be read it aloud to them, and the morning passed pleasantly and quickly away. Nella Carlisle thought continually of the words Fred Hastings had uttered when they en- tered the house for breakfast—"Tennyson loved his Arthur, as much as we love our Arthur Darrell" —and her conscience smote her afresh, for her de- ception. She was in a state of great perplexity, and her mind was terribly disturbed. She did not know what to do for the best, but away from her two lovers, while up the country, she determined to come to a final decision, and abide by it. Mrs. Carlisle had invited Birdie Somers to re- turn with them. She and Nella being such good friends, and so soon to be parted, they might just as well be together while Nella remained in the colonies. Both girls were pleased, but the Fates pronounced their veto against the projected de- parture. The next morning, while Nella was in the library searching for a certain book of references for Dar- rell, Birdie hurried into the room in a very ex- cited state—a rather unusual event on her part— and flung her arms round her friend's neck. "What is the matter, Birdie?" asked Nella, wandering what had transpired to upset her gene- rally collected nerves. It was some time before she could calm herself sufficiently to answer. "I have some surprising news for you, Nella; guess who is engaged." "Yourself, very likely Birdie, mine," says Nella with an amused little laugh, for it is not Bertie's wont to be so excited on that topic. "Indeed yes, Nella dear, you have guessed cor- rectly. Whoever would have thought it? Bertie Somers engaged! Well, I have really surprised myself; and who is the fortunate promesso sposo?" "Oh, I have kept my eyes open lately, and seen my cousin Jack paying rather marked attention to a certain young lady." "Well, you might have told me about it. I never imagined for a moment that he was thinking of anything serious. And are you pleased Nella?' 'Pleased, my dearest girl,' she answers, putting her arms round her and kissing her warmly, 'I congratulate you with all my heart, Birdie, and am very delighted that you're to be Jack's wife. You know how highly I regard him, and I am sure he will do all he can to make you happy. I won't know you as Mrs. Jack Bedford? How strange it all is!' 'You see, after all, Nella, "there is a divinity who shapes our ends," rough- hew them as we will. I am sure I never thought I was going to change my name. I will not wonder at any marvels after that.' 'Don't be so foolish, Birdie! What is there to wonder at in you being engaged? Why, it is the most natural thing in the world.' 'Is it? Not to me then, Nella. I suppose I am not used to it yet; you know I never was engaged before,' Birdie says merrily. 'Have you told your aunt yet?' asks Nella. 'No, not yet; it won't make much difference to her, though. She won't allow Jack to come inside the house, I know that; but one will be able to manage without.' I have forgotten to mention until now, that Bertie lived with an old maiden aunt who had been disappointed in love—an event which soured her future existence; and even when her brother's orphan child came to live with her, it made no difference to her secluded style of life, so Bertie was only too willing to accept the general invita- tion which Mrs. Bedford made her; and, as I have plainly shown, she almost lived at Selton Hall, where she was greatly loved. 'Do the family know of your engagement?' 'No; Jack will tell them this evening. I don't suppose they will object to me as a daughter-in- law, Nella, because we are all very fond of each other;' and Bertie reads her welcome very plainly when she enters the drawing-room before dinner, when they take her very closely in their embrace, as Jack leads her up to them, saying, 'I have brought you another daughter, my dear mother and father, for darling little Bertie has promised to become my wife.' And his parents heartily ask God to bless him and the beloved little girl who has come to fill the void left by their angel Cecile, and her joy is very great when May and Harry come and kiss her and tell her how proud they are of having her for a sister, and her dreams that night are very, very happy ones. CHAPTER XXXVII. NELLA'S DECISION. The few remaining days of the Carlisles' visit passed very speedily, and Nella was glad when all the travelling was over and they were back again in their own home. Prior to their departure, Raymond Leslie had called to say good-by before he left for the mines, but Nella did not see him she was out driving with Arthur. They were not sorry to have missed each other, and Nella seemed to breathe easier the couple of days she was in town after he had gone. Darrell's foot was quite strong again, and he was going up with Fred Hastings to his station, the week after Nella left Sydney, to complete all arrangements with the new purchaser. Fred had disposed of it very satisfactorily, but he wished to bid farewell to all his hands before he left them for ever, and Arthur in- tended accompanying him, so Selton Hall would be very quiet when all its visitors had gone. But Bertie Somers infected everyone with a quiet feeling of happiness, and Nella was glad her place was so ably filled. She almost lived there, and the change was so perfectly opposite to the time she spent at her eccentric, uncompanion- able aunt's, that it made quite another being of her. It was so different having all this family ready to obey her slightest wish, from pure love, to living in the quiet home where she had no one to speak to; and no one ever knew what wretched hours she had passed there. But all that was altered now; joy and sunshine was her lot for the future, and the deep affection she possessed for Jack was fast ripening, in such a congenial atmosphere, into love. All of them had been very fond of her, but now that she was going to belong to them their personal interest in her was very warmly shown. Nella received very minute accounts of the Seldon Hall people frequently from her friend, and May was a good correspondent also. They did not receive answers to all their letters, as Nella disliked letter- writing, and, of course, she could not neglect Arthur. Ralph Seymour, who had accompanied them on their fatal riding party, was again in Sydney, Bertie wrote her, and was very often at the hall, Jack and he being old friends, 'and,' Bertie con- tinued, 'he says Jack must be suffering from a contageous complaint, because he has caught it, and he feels quite matrimonially inclined. So I take great notice of Mr. Seymour whenever he comes here, and I think he shows a decided pre- ference for our mutual friend, Cora Leslie's society. They have known each other a long time, and I think if it ever comes to anything, they will make such a nice couple. I know he goes to the Leslies' a good deal, and I am sure, dear Nella, you will agree with me that he shows very good taste. I am conceited enough to say that Cora is one of "our sort" isn't she. You would like Ralph Seymour if you knew him. I do, but cela va sans dire, as our French neighbours say, how could I do otherwise when my Jack has such a high opinion of him? But, joking apart, he really is a nice man, gentle- manly, well educated, good-looking, well informed, and has nice conversation. He is in a very good position, his station is large, and pays well, and Jack told me that Mr. S. has a very good balance at his bankers, so all things considered, Cora Leslie might do far worse than take the name of Mrs. Ralph Seymour, providing she likes the owner of it well enough. Que dites vous, ma cherie? Any- way, married or not, she will not return to Mrs. Wilton's after Christmas, as the mines promise to pay very well in a short time, and Raymond told her he would not allow her to work for her living any longer, however much she may like to show her independence. Millie Wilton seems very much in love, but she is just as frivolous and fond of admiration as before her engagement, and Ted—I beg his pardon, I mean Edwin—Norton is everything his mother-in-law could desire. He is "gushingly polite," excuse the expression, Nella, mia cara, but it is the only one I can think of; and painfully fashion- able! thank goodness, all men are not alike. I don't like to talk about him and my Jack in the same breath,' and so on, gossiping on all mutual topics of interest, in a light-hearted, happy strain, till Nella wished enviously she was like her. She heard from her two or three times a week, and May wrote frequently to Stella, so they were pretty well acquainted with all that happened in their own circle in Sydney. Nella had almost finished her book, all but a couple of chapters, when her father's affairs were all settled, the farewell visits paid, an address and testimonial presented to Mr. Carlisle, as tokens of the great esteem in which he was held, and the regret felt at parting with him, by his fellow-townsmen, after his long residence amongst them; so of course she had to pack it away, and wait to conclude it in Sydney at the same place as she commenced it, for she had promised her aunt she would return to Selton Hall until her parents went into housekeeping. She had arrived at a decision with regard to telling her secret to Arthur Darrell. She would not sail any longer under false colours, she would make all fair and plain before them, by telling him the truth, even if shame covered her as with a veil, in her recital of it. Her deception had caused her enough suffering, and she must put an end to it now, as she could no longer bear a con- tinuation of it. She would leave it to Arthur to decide, if he chose, after her confession, to take her, knowing the true state of her feelings towards him; she would let things remain as they are at present, for she felt that she owed atonement to him for the false part she had been acting. Would Darrell think circumstances had been strong enough to warrant her conduct? Oh, how she reproached herself now for being so weak, but it was not yet too late. She would abase herself to the dust rather than blind Arthur any longer; and she returned to the metropolis with her heart full of pity for the man against whose love she had been so keenly cruel, and committed so bitter a wrong. Oh, how would he bear the blow? He had undergone so much pain lately, but Nella, meant to be firm and not recede from her deter- mination. He was to know all, and then she would feel a free girl once more. CHAPTER XXXVIII. RAY RETURNS TO TOWN. Darrell was still with Hastings at the station, and wrote to say how sorry he was to be deprived another week of his dear Nella's society, for it would be fully that time before Fred could leave; but he would bear the separation patiently, as the day would soon come which would make her his 'until death did them part.' Poor Arthur, how secure he was in his anticipations of the future! If he could only guess at the sword which hung over his devoted head, suspended by a single hair! Oh! how bitter would life be, if he had the power to foresee what is so mercifully concealed from our weak human eyes! What a sea of unhappi- ness would we struggle in did we know what the future held for us! Raymond Leslie was still up at the mines, and he determined to remain there until after Nella's wedding. How could he, of all men in the world, stand calmly by and see her given away to another? The idea was torture enough. If she loved the man she had promised to marry, he would have stifled his own feelings; but knowing what he did, that her heart was his, and the manner in which he had endeavoured to estrange it from him, he cursed himself in his bitterness of heart for his own obtuseness. 'None so blind as those who won't see,' and he had wilfully shut his eyes to the pain he was heedlessly inflicting. As he had done, so was he being done by. His thoughts made him feel like mad sometimes, and he was ready to do himself an injury, only his good angel was always hovering near to protect him. He often felt tempted to let Darrell know exactly how matters stood, but then Nella had said whatever he told Arthur would not alter her determination; so he knew he could do himself no good in that way. Oh, if she would only think how wrongly she was acting in marrying Darren, while he was in ignorance of her sentiments towards Raymond! He was not a man to keep her bound to him from a false motive of honour, an empty fear of giving publicity to her name. They were above con- sidering such trifles; the gossiping tongues of the public were of small moment to them. They would appeal only to their own conscience, and if that approved their actions, they were satisfied, and cared nothing for the disapprobation of those officious interferers, who took no personal interest in them, beyond regarding them as food for talk. But in the midst of his own trouble he received a great joy, in the shape of a letter from Ralph Seymour asking him to sanction his engagement with Cora, who would not give him a decided answer before she heard from her dear brother Ray. He immediately telegraphed to tell them he gave a very willing, hearty consent, and wished them every happiness. Two days afterwards he received letters from both, each dilating greatly upon their happiness. Amongst other items Ralph mentioned Nella Carlisle's name. 'Miss Carlisle has been at Selton Hall for more than a week, and I have seen her a few times there. She has what I call a beautiful, expressive face, from which anyone can read the state of her feel- ings, and I should say, Leslie, they must be ex- tremely sad ones at present. She looks as if she has some great trouble on her mind, for I have frequently detected a pre-occupied, far-away look about her, when she little thought I was noticing her. She is not at all dull or gloomy; she laughs and talks with the girls, who seem very fond of her. But her's is such a quiet serious face amongst their bright laughing ones. Little Birdie Somers is the very embodiment of joy, and my Cora, May Bedford, and Stella Carlisle are not bad aides. Even that rather frivolous young lady, Ted Norton's fiancee has a happy look about her, and seems much in love with Norton. Do you think Nella Carlisle is happy in her engagement? Darrell seems a splendid fellow to me, just the sort of man I should think she could fancy for a husband. Her people think it is the anticipation of parting with them which sobers her; but I don't. To me there is all grief and no joy in her face. Darrell will be down to-morrow, and she is rather excited about it; seems very anxious and expectant. She is different to any girl I have spoken to there is something so nice and original about her. She had tea with your family one evening last week, and I saw her home after- wards, and I can tell you I enjoyed her conversa- tion so much that I was sorry when we reached the hall. I really hope there is plenty happiness in store for her. She is so deserving of it.' And when Raymond has finished the letter, he makes up his mind to go to Sydney as soon as he possibly can. He regards himself as the primary cause of all Nella's unhappiness, for, if he had not been quite so reticent, Nella would never have accepted Darrell, and it was on his (Darrell's), account, Leslie instinctively felt that she was so grieved. 'I know Nella,' he said to himself, 'she is con- science-stricken now, and I would not wonder if she were to tell Darrell everything when he re- turns; that is what is making her so anxious and expectant, as Seymour says. What a hard struggle she must have bad these last few months, and no one to help or cheer her. Oh, Nella! Nella! my darling! my darling! Can you ever forgive me for being such a selfish brute ? My punishment is very heavy, and I have inflicted it myself.' And on the morrow when he hears from his mother, she also tells him how changed Nella is in appearance, and how ill she looks. He can bear it no longer; he tells his friend he must manage without him now everything is going on very satisfactorily, and he must return to town in two or three days; there is something which requires his personal attention there, and it must not be neglected. So without knowing what he will do when he gets there, he journeys back to Sydney, and the train has never had a passenger before, who carried in his breast such an aching, heavy heart; or one who ever reproached himself so bitterly for bringing sorrow to others, as the man who bore the name of Raymond Leslie. 