CHURCH OP ENGLAND SYNOD. The session of the Synod of the Ohurch of finghnd in the diocese of Adelaide, incorpo rated, was formally opened onTaesday, May 13. tEhe Sight Bev. Dr. Short, Lord Bishop of Ade laide, celebrated Holy Communion at 11.30 a.m. At St. Peter's Cathedral, about sixty persons (clergy and laity) partaking of the Sacrament. •The anthem was given out by the Bev. C. Elcum, M.A., and Canons Farr, Coombs, and Dr. Dendy also officiated at the service. The musical portion of the service consisted of the •offertory sentences by Barnaby and the Kyrie JEleieson, Mr. Boult being the presiding organist. "The Lord Bishop then delivered as follows the tuoal Pastoral Address, 1879. Bev. and dear Brethren—It is a subject with toe of devout gratitude that I am permitted, towards the close of my seventy-seventh year, •once more to be present" in the Synod of this Diocese. Still more, that the infirmities of advancing age have not yet rendered me in capable of takiDg an active interest in its business. On my reappearance among you, I -think I may honestly congratulate yon on the fact that, notwithstanding many important changes, the Diocese has iu nowise lost its character for ability in its clergy or administra tive power in the Vicar-Gcneral and the Synod. Under the loss of three incumbents the heavy task was imposed on the former of keeping together congregations and supplying divine services in outlying churches. It was, how ever, accomplished with fair success, partly by the aid of the Bev. G. H. Farr, as Missionary ChaplaiD, and by the accession from England to the clerical body of Messrs. Dodd, Orchard, Elcnro, and Bedell Stanford; partly also by the kind assistance of lay readers, as well as the considerate forbearance of parishioners. I cannot but consider myself highly favoured when, in the course of a few months' visit to England, I was enabled to procure the assistance of four able clergymen and three laymen well trained in the profession of education. The public objects of my visit to England were—1. Attendance at the Lambeth Conference. 2. Selection of clergy for the Diocese. 3. Selec tion of a head and other masters for St. Peter's Collegiate School; and 4 (very unexpectedly), also of a Classical Professor for the University of Adelaide. I proceed to make a few remarks on these noints which more especially concern Our Church. THE CONFERENCE AT LAMBETH Will undoubtedly occupy a very important place in the religious history of the Anglo-Saxon \- Churches. It marks an era in the Beformed Christianity of Great Britain as well as of America. Since the day when the northern nations of Europe made their public protest against the doctrinal errors of the Church of Borne, and the usurped authority of the Papal See, no such meeting of 100 prelates—all from reformed branches of the Catholic and Apos tolic Church—has been held. Iu the earlier part of this century, indeed, no such assembly was possible. The Erastian subjection of the National Ohurch to the State in England during the eighteenth century prevented onr American brethren, members of the Anglican Chnrch, from benefiting by the missionary zeal or super vision " cf- Bishops. Slowly and painfully did the demand for such an extension of the episco pate extort from a reluctant Government that essential element of a complete ecclesiastical organization. The present century has wit nessed the rapid growth of that Osder in the Anglo-Saxon Churches. Eighty-six Bishops have been consecrated to sees or missions in various parts cf the heathen world, while, at the present time, sixty-five Bishops in the United States preside over sees erected during the century which followed the Declaration of Independence in 1776. Of this episcopate, co \- extensive with the globe, 100 Bishops complied with the invitation of the Archbishop of Canter bury to meet him in conference at Lambeth on July 2,1878. From Pekin and the various sees along the coast of Asia, Australasia, India, Africa, America (North and South), the West Indies to the Falkland Islands, as well as from Columbia, in the Northern Pacific, the represen tatives of the Reformed Anglican Church (colonial and American) were permitted, in the gcod Providence of God, to meet the Bishops of England, Ireland, and Scotland and take counsel together, after offering up united prayer for the extension of onr Lord's kingdom upon earth. It was indeed worth a voyage over half the world to meet the men who composed this great assembly—great not only in numbers, but . greater still in character, ability, learning, and the refinement of Christian courtesy. Apart from the interest thus awakened, the manifest result of such a meeting, before half a week had passed, was the cordial and entire union of mind and heart among those who, hut a few days before, had been mostly unknown to each other in person, if not in name. The brotherhood of Christ was felt to be, not an idea and name only, but a realized happiness. The complete union of the Anglo-Saxon Churches was thus sealed for ever, not by the dead pres sure of external and nsnrped authority, but by a felt inward conviction that we all had " one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism; one God and Father of all, who was above all, and through all, and in us all." With the modesty, however, becoming those Who felt that they were only a portion of the universal episcopate, the results of our delibe rations were not sent forth in the form of an Encyclic Letter demanding implicit assent and \- obedience; rather were they commended to the faithful as fine conclusions of prayerful deli berations, "speaking the troth in love." The topics considered and dealt with are not Unknown to man - members of this Synod. With regard to the colonial Churches, their complete independence in regard to the regnlation of their own discipline was fully recognised in the " Report of the committee on the best mode of maintaining union among the various Churches of the Anglican Communion." "While recognising with thankfulness the es sential and evident unity in which the Church of England and the Churches in visible commu nion with her have been held together, the committee nevertheless lay down as " necessary for the maintenance of such union that the duly certified action of every national or parti cular Church, and of each ecclesiastical province, in the exercise of its own discipline, should be respected by all the other Churches." The action, then, of the General Synod at Sydney (in October, 1872), constituting its pro vincial organization, with the Bishop of Sydney as Primate, in substitution for the invalid metropolitic jurisdiction conferred by letters j patent, is admitted to be lawful, and is recog- ] Uised as snch by the Archbishops and Bishops ■of the Established Church of England. I trust, | therefore, that this conclusion will be loyally j accepted and acted upon in all future meetings j of the General Synod. j OATH OF CANONICAL OBEDIENCE. In connection with the above principle it -wo old seem necessary as well as reasonable that the oath of canonical obedience in the case of ■every Australian Bishop, whether consecrated in England or in the colonies, should be taken to the Australian Primate or Metropolitan, rather than (as in[ the case of [the lately appointed Bishop of North Queensland) to the Archbishop of Canterbury. The latter has been empowered by. Act of Parliament to permit this coarse, which is the proper one in the present state of our ecclesiastical polity. A qnasi-patriarchal authority seems to have no legal foundation. It has been supposed in some quarters that the oath so taken to the See of Canterbury would preserve the colonial branches of the Church of England from drifting away from the standards of faith and discipline contained in onr Book of Common A'rayer. AnyTone, however, who witnessed the strong and loving attachment manifested by onr able and _ excellent brethren of the United States Episcopate to their mother Church, and f the whole tone of their religious thought, would have seen how, after a century of political sepa ration, the steadfast resolve of that great and gioving Church is " union with and conformity to the standards of the Church of England." THE MIDDLE WAT OE VIA MEDIA. How, indeed, can it he otherwise, when the principles of the American Episcopal Church as a living branch of the Holy Catholic and Apos tolic Church are intelligently and conscientiously upheld ? Between Roman pseudo- infallibility -and opinionated private judgment there lies a middle course, consistent with reason and net destructive of authority. In all the weary wanderings of Israel though the wilderness the ~ Pillar of Cloud rested upon the " Tabernacle of Witness," and guided them on their way to the Promised Land. Even bo the Word of God has been deposited in a living Tabernacle of Witness — even that visible Church which on the Day of Pentecost received the outpouring ef the Com forter. As the Old Testament Scriptures were p- eserved among God's chosen people, the visible I- rati of old, so it pleased Christ to enshrine His Gospel of Truth, written down by the apostles and prophets of the New Testament, in a visible body and ministry organized by Him self while personally on earth. It is this divine n/pointment which gives stability and authority to the Apostolic and Catholic Church, and to its t stimoDy to Scripture and the faith delivered to the saints. " Upon this rock will I build my Church," said onr Lord. "That rock was Christ," and the Church His mystical body, to which He added daily those who should^ be laved—i.e., those who sought Him foe salvation Is, then, this visible Church a suitable and trust worthy "witness and keeper of Holy Writ?" The Church of England holds it to be. " Tne things concerning the Kingdom of God" were, we know, committed to the apostles daring the forty days between the Resurrection and Ascen sion. As time went on and the Church grew arid multiplied in all quarters of the earth this oral teaching was committed to Writing by the Evangelists and Apostles, who sent epistles to various Churches. It was sealed at last by. the 1 estimony of the aged St. John in his Revela tion and letters. Let us look, then, more closely into the organization and succession of that ministry and Churches into whose keeping all this was confided. THE VISIBLE CHTTBCH OF CHRIST. The Twelve Apostles, we read, were first ordained by our Lord Himself (St. Mark.iii. 14) and sent forth " to preach, to heal, and to cast out devils." "These he named Apostles" (St Matthew z. 2, St. Luke vi. 13). Then, seeing tbe multitudes as sheep without a shepherd (St. Mark vi. 7) He sent the Apostles out two and two to preach the Kingdom of Heaven. The harvest of souls still increasing, our Lord, siz months before His last Passover, " appointed" 'oveSei&v; other labourers, "even seventy? ■ and sent them two and two before Him into every city he purposed to visit (St. Luke z. 1). I Their powers appear to have been the same as those given to the Apostles. They were to heal the sick (verse 9) and preach " the Kingdom of Heaven." Whoever rejected them rejected Christ and the Father (verse 16). " The devils were subject onto them through Christ's name," and on their return from their first mission He gives them ajrah (verse 19) that mastery over " all the power of the enemy." Coming now to the solemn occasion of tbe Last Supper, when the Apostles—little discerning the spiritual nature of Christ's Kingdom—were disputing which should be the greatest, He, in reply to them, indicates the equal authority of all the Twelve (not that of St. Peter alone): " Ye shall sit on thrones, judging the Twelve Tribes of Israel." This promise bad been also given previously on their journey towards Jerusalem, and this future pre-eminence is assigned to the period " of the regeneration."* Commentators have interpreted this •' of the Resurrection," but the " new birth" and the " new creature" of the world, the spiritual kingdom of Christ among the Twelve Tribes of the spiritual Israel, began at Fentecost, when, of the Jews of the dispersion from Elam, Asia, and Africa, as well as of strangers of Rome, whole multitudes were brought into the " Kingdom of Heaven." Over these the Twelve ApoBtles, with "the Elders" (whose cfiSce and power had never been with drawn), undoubtedly exercised judgment, for in tbe Council of Jerusalem they decided that the Mosaic Law was not to he enforced " upon the Gentiles." The Pentecostal manifestation of the Holy Spirit in gifts as well as graces was, in fact, the fulfilment of our Lord's promise and the procla mation of HiB Heavenly Kingdom and universal authority. It was not the original Ordination of Apostles and Elders, but it was the arming of them with the necessary powers to establish Christ's Kingdom. Of the Twelve Apostles whose names were inscribed upon the twelve foundation- stones of the city gates of the Hew Jerusalem each re presented one" of the Twelve Tribes. In the same way the twelve spies and the twelve wit nesses of the cutting-off of the waters of the Jordan were types of the subsequent appoint ment of the Apostles. The mission of the Seventy in like manner represented the seventy Elders of the Mosaic Church (Numbers zi., 24,25) as well as the Sanhedrim or great Council of Israel. This was a permanent institution among the Jews, and this Order of the Ministry ordained by Christ Himself, was no temporary mission (St. Lake x. 1). When therefore they returned with joy "because the devils were subject to them through His name," the authority of the Seventy is either renewed or given afresh. Certainly the present tense " I give," or the perfect "I have given,"f indicates the continuance of their mission with all its re sponsibilities and powers, "even over all the power of the enemy !" Subordinate, then, to the Apostles, who were " to sit on thrones judging the Twelve Tribes of Israel, the regenerated people of the Lord, the order of elders received just as authoritative a sanction from the Lord Himself as that of the Apostles. Hence we find'no institution of that order by the Apostles as we do that of the dc-acons. The "Apostles" Barnabas and Paul " ordained elders in every city" (Acts xiv. 14 and 23), because such elders had been first appointed by the Lord Himself. The deacons were merely kelps in the ministry of the Word and Sicramenta as the exigencies of the Church called lor. Not so the elders. Theirs was altogether a higher function—a loftier com mission. So in the Church at Jerusalem we find the Apostles and elders associated together in the Council and in the government and discipline of the Primitive Church.]: The Church Catholic and Apostolic, traced back to the bosom of the Synagogue and Temple system, hut originated and authorized by our Lord Himself, shows plainly the continuity of the olive-tree of God's Church, unbroken from the Sinaitic institution, passing out of the letter into the spirit, and superseding the Levitical Church of Priest and Prophet by the Apostles, Elders, and Evangelists of the Gospel! The organization of the Church of Christ was not left then to the enlightened human judgment of the Apostles. It was fixed before, when Christ chose the Twelve Apostles themselves, and ordained the Seventy Elders. Accordingly we find these two orders of£apostles and elders become extended as the Church grew and spread out into the world. The olive-tree remained essentially the same, though some branches were broken off and the Gentiles were grafted in; but the apostolic government continued, elders were ordained in every Chnrch, and the levitical offices were fulfilled by deacons. If this be Scripturally true, it is not within the lawful scope of private judgment to make a new scheme of government and discipline at its own will and pleasure. The practical application of the above Scriptural argument is this. Upon the divine basis, as laid down by Christ Himself, there can, nay, there must be not only inward and spiritual but also outward and visible unity. The Roman or Latin Church in its steadfast assertion of this principle is entitled to all respect, especially in times when the reckless ness of private opinion on the great problems of life, revelation, righteousness, and judgment to come rebels against all authority, whether of divines and ^Christian Fathers or of apostolic tradition. W nat i contend tor is this historic witness of a divinely organized body to the facts on which the Gospel promises rest; the records in which they are narrated; and the interpreta tion, co- temporaneous and continuous, of those rn oids, conveying as they do supernatural mysteries of the faith to the body of believers. Here is no claim to dogmatic infallibility. The : nthority claimed far the Universal Church is ti e weight which belongs to its unbroken and undivided testimony to the Apostolic and Catholic creeds, to the forms of divine worship; and to the effective working of the Sacraments in them that worthily receive the same. The " faith once delivered to the saints" no sound portion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church has tampered with by addition or dogmatic interpretation. That faith, whole and uncorrnpted as preserved in the three creeds, is regarded as a sacred deposit to which none can add, or from which none can take away, without losing his part in the Book of Life and in the Holy City, the New Jerusalem. Such authority only does the Church of England claim for the visible Universal Church. It can ordain no new articles of faith as necessary to salvation. It can decree nothing contrary to Scripture, nor can it expound Scripture so as to contradict itself. Under such limitation it is a witness and keeper of Holy "Writ, ordained of God to be the ground and pillar of His revealed truth. Here we may plant our feet with confidence. The Church of the apostolic age has been aptly compared to the Woman of Samaria, who, after our Lord's conversation with her at the well of Sychar, said to her fellow- townsmen, "Come, see a man who told 'me all things whatsoever I did! Is not this the Christ ?" " And many of the Samaritans," we are told, "believed on Him for the saying of the woman; but many more believed because of Sis own word." So it is that the Church offers the Gospel in her creeds, and presents an open Bible to all who will read therein for themselves. That Bible has been preserved and handed down to us not merely or chiefly as an old heirloom of the Christian ministry, bnt as being apheld by the inward force of that Divine character, even Christ, which it presents to us. We read, and in so doing feel that God speaks to our hearts and consciences through and in Him. .We know by " tin inward, conviction, that ' never man spake' as this Mannever was 'love dike His love;' never, before or sinoe, was inch a life seen on earth as bis; never was there a being with snch wisdom on his lips; each love in his heart; with .a character so complete; with claims so lofty joined to snch profonhd humility and so gentle a kindness towards the gainsayer." This is the grand privilege of the Churchman, one who believes firmly in the Catholic and Apos tolic ^ Church, tracing its foundation, its ministry, its sacraments to the appointment of onr Lord Jesus Christ himself, and preserving unbroken the continuous but developed life of the old Hebrew saints and their Tabernacle of Witness. We of the Church of England rest onr faith on the inspired Word of God, speak ing to onr souls through the, Holy Ghost by its own intrinsic power, " its inward force first shewing ns Christ and then leading us captive to Christ." ThatJWord has been handed down and witnessed to ns by the ministry of the Apostolic Church and accepted by "the Holy Church throughout all the world" from the first ages. "We subject not our reason to the dogmatic jndgment of a fallible priest claiming authority over the Universal Church. We float not on_ the fluctuating theories of speculative criticism. In the Holy Scriptures we think we find eternal life. We search them with a simple desire to know and do the truth. They testify from beginning to end of Christ and Him crucified. We believe " that this is life eternal: to know the only trne Ged, and Jesus Christ whom He has sent." We believe that as " all have come short of the glory of God," none can come unto the Father bat by Christ. In Him therefore, we believe that we have life. On His "Word and on His Church—the witness and keeper of that Word—we rely as onr guide in the way of life. We hear Him ourselves, and are persuaded immovably that "He is that Prophet which should come into the world." AFTERNOON SITTING. The Synod met at 3 o'clock at the Diocesan Offices, Leigh-street, the Bishop presiding. ELECTION committee's BBPOBT. Mr. H. S. Anthony presented the following report from the Election Committee:— "The Election Committee present herewith the Synod Roll as prepared by them. " Your committee having considered a memorial which has bten received from St. Peter's, Wiiiiamstown, requesting to be recog nised as part of a united parish and represented' in Synod, cannot recommend that the request be complied with, on the grounds that the require ments of Fundamental Provision No. 14 have not been satisfied in the following particulars: —1st. The trusts of the church have not been declared, although the certificate of title is in the name of the Synod. 2nd. The amount of stipend paid to the incumbent, viz., £37 10s., is not a reasonable proportion of an income. They recommend Synod forthwith to declare the trusts under which it.holds St. Peter's, Williams town. " They recommend that the amount of' the reasonable income,' as required by Fundamental Provision No. 14, be from time to time defined by Synod. " They report that the resolution of Synod contained in Minute 61 of 1877 has worked satisfactorily, but in order to make it accord with Regulation No. 6, defining the duties of the Election Committee, they recommend that it be amended to read as follows :—'That, under the direction of the Election Committee, due notice be sent by the Secretary of Synod to each Vestry, annually, of the number of representatives it is entitled to elect for Synod.' Your committee naving notified. to the Wardens of St. Jude's, Brighton, that they were only entitled to return one Synodsman, received an appeal against their decision. In 1874 and 1875 St. Jade's returned two Synodsmen. In tl e latter year it was united with St. Mary's, South-road, and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill, at d has returned one representative only up to the present time. After carefully considering the precedent in the matter of All Saints', B inc!marsh, and St. Margaret's, Woodville, in the year 1877, your committee are of opinion that St. Jude's, Brighton, can only return two representatives by express permission of Synod, on showing that it is an independent parish providing a reasonable income to its minister. " No certificates of election of Synodsmen have been received from Holy Trinity, Adelaide; Sr. Jude's, Fort Elliot; St. John's, Macclesfield; S'. Mary's, Eehunga; Holy Evangelists', Coolwa; Holy Trinity, Lyndocli; and Holy Trinity, Mi hose. " Anv return received after this date must be dealt with by Synod in accordance with Regula tion not Fundamental No. 9. " C. Mabryat, Chairman." On the motion of Archdeacon Marryat, seconded by Mr. H. S. Anthony, the report was received and the roll adopted. BOLL-CALL. The following Synodsmen answered to their name6:—Clergy—Right Rev. Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Rev. Richardson Reid, "Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A., Rev. James Pollitt, Rev. S. Green, Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., Rev. W. B. Andrews, Rev. A. Dendy, D.D., Ven. Arch deacon Dove, M.A., Rev. E. Jenkins, Rev. A. Honner, Rev. J. F. Hocter, B.A., Rev. W. H. Mudie, Rev. W. G. Robinson, M.A., Rev. T. Field, M.A., Rev. E. K. Miller, Rev. Canon Coombs, Rev. J. M. Donaldson, Rev. R. W. Holden, Rev. C. W. Morse, M.A., Rev. H. Bevis, Rev. J. Houghton, Rev. R. B. Webb, MA, Rev. C. W. Hawkins, Rev. C. G. Taplin, Rev. H. Williams, Rev. A. Sells, Rev. E. O. Spicer, M.A. (deacon), Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. F. Williams, MA., Rev. J. C. Haynes, Rev. J. Or<hard (deacon), Rev. C. C. Elcum, M.A., Rev. J. H. Corvan, Rev. W. B. Stanford, M.A. Synodsmen—Dr. Gosse, Dr. Mayo, W. H. Holmes, H. D. Holmes, J. Rath, D. Garlick, S. Smith, J. Barker, J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Madley, S. Higgs, A. Clark, J. C. Bray, E. M. Smith, H. S. Anthony, H. EL Thomas, A. Jones, T. W. Roach, J. White, F. H. Carter, J. E. Moulden, J. C. B. Moncrieff, B. Taylor, G. A. Connor, C. C. Cornish, J. M. Thomas, W. B. Hull, C. A. Wilson, S. V. Pizey, R. Hickson, J. H. Wiles, C. L. Meyer, jun., J. Forster, T. S. Porter, W. S. Douglas, A. Spence, T. O. Jones, J. Thornley, W. Barlow, W. D. Scott, F. A. Grant, J. Henderson, E. B. Grundy, F. Halcomb, J. Bos worth, J. Lord, G. W. Hawkes, J- W. Castine, J. S. Anthony, G. W. Sillifant, H. E. Downer, H. Dutton, T. G. Pleydell. Excuses for non-attendance were received from the Revs. H. M. Pollitt, H. Howitt, E. T, Howell, and W. F. Marshall. SESSIONAL OFFICERS. Rev. C. Elcum was appointed Reporter; Rev. S- Green, Clerical Secretary; and Mr. G. W. Hawkes, Lay Secretary. ELECTION COMMITTEE. Ven. Archdeacon Mariyat, Revs. S. Green and Dr. Bendy, and Messrs. Grundy and A. Sj-ence were appointed Election Committee for 1879. ST. peteb's, WHXIAMSTOWN. A letter was read from John Warren, Minister's Warden of St. Peter's, Williamstown, in reference to the decision of the Election Committee in respect to that church. Rev. A. Sells moved—" That St. Peter's, Wil liamstown, be added to the roll of those entitled to send representatives to the Synod." Rev. Mr. Webb seconded. Rev. S. Gbeen said that the request would be a very proper one if the usual conditions im posed upon parishes had been complied with. The certificate of title of St. Peter's, Williams town, was in the hands of the Synod, hut the Synod had never been asked to declare its trusts. The income paid to the clergyman from that parish was £37 10s., and no parish was entitled to be represented unless it paid a fair share towards the support of the clergyman, and towards the increase of the temporalities of the diocese. An important point arose as to whether Synod should define what a reasonable income or a reasonable proportion of income was, so that there should be a minimum below which no parish or portion of a parish sbonld be allowed to send a representative to Synod. As the parish of Williamstown could not comply with tbe fundamental provisions he thought that it was debarred from sending a representative to Synod, inasmuch as no copy of the trusts had been or could be deposited in the office. On that ground alone it could not he allowed unless it had asked Synod to declare its trusts, and Synod bad declared them; and the second ground of objection was that £37 10s. was hardly a fair proportion for the parish to pay. After a short discussion, Yen. Archdeacon Mabryat moved as an amendment—" That this question be postponed until the resolution to define a reasonable income is disposed of." Mr. H. S. Anthony seconded, and the amend ment was carried. 8T. JPDE'S, BRIGHTON. Mr. H. Dctton moved, and Rev. H. Wil liams seconded, that St. Jade's, Brighton, should be allowed to return two Synodsmen, instead of one, as recommended in the report of the Election Committee. After considerable discussion, an amendment, moved by the Rev. W. G. Robinson, that the question be postponed similarly to the preceding one, was lost. The original motion was then put and carried. bishop's bbfobt. The President then read the following:— So rapid and often unexpected are the changes which occur in the young life of a colony that even a twelvemonth's alisence.com-. prehends within its brief apace considerable and important. alterations,. We miss old familiar faces, and .ire are introduced to newcircnm stances and new conditions of onr social exis tence. . Even in Church life, bo '.fixed and staid in the mother country, .sudden vicissitudes in this diocese have occurred, which, startling at the moment, have scarcely yet subsided iuto ob livion, and can haidly fail still to give pain to those' who were unwillingly mixed op' with them. Happily for myself I was delivered from being an eye-witness of the events which for a time cansed a breach in the walls of our Zion. Among those who have departed from among us, I must mention-the kind and gentle spirit of the Bev. Octavius Hammond, who sank quietly into a peaceful grave through gradual bodily decay. He was a man of con siderable skill in surgery, and of culti vated taste in art. The son of a respected rector in England, he recalled many of the featnres'of that excellent class of men; grave, well learned, thonghtfnl, sound in doctrine and exemplary in life, who impart the moral tone to village life, and are truly spiritual fathers to young and old"; loved and respected by those who attended on his ministry, dear to the simple-minded natives of Poonindie, his latter years were useful and happy._ His end was peace, and it should be mentioned as a testimony to his real worth that the inmates of the Poonindie institution have subscribed liberally to erect a monument to his memory. The cure of Mitcham having also become vacant tbe Bev. F. Hocter accepted the incum bency, and at Mount Gambier was succeeded by tbe Bev. Dr. Craig, who formerly, as missionary, had done good service in various of our rural districts, supplying cervices, organizing congre gations, directing and encouraging Sunday* schcols and their teachers, improving the music and furniture of the many churches. After a long absence he returns to the diocese in an isolated cure, where a priest of experience is especially needed. St.'Jfary's, on the South-road, with OUalloran Bili Church, has been acceptably occupied by the Bev. W. Bobinson, T.C.D., whose health at present is not overtaxed by that cure, relieved as it now is from the township of jBrighton. The latter congregation has fallen once more under tbe care of its former pastor, the Bev. Hartley Williams. Bev. Mr. Bach has found employ n ent in the diocese of Tasmania. These changes, caused by death and other circumstances of no pleasing character, must needs have caused much anxiety and infinite trouble to .the Vicar-General, Dean Russell, In my own, and I trust in your name, I tender him hearty thanks for the arrangements he succeeded in carrying through. There was no one, however, to replace Dr. Hammond at Port Lincoln; and the cure of St. Thomas's, with the mission to theWest Coast as well as the shores of Spencer's Golf, still remained unfilled. Fortu nately for tbe spiritual wants of the diocese the Bev. G. H. Fare placed his services at the dieposal of the Vicar- General for missionary work and the supply of vacant churches. I regard that Mission Chaplaincy and the visita tion tour which Mr. Farr accomplished as both of exceeding value. The Chaplaincy I trust from henceforth will form part of our standing diccesan organization. The visitation tour is already producing increased animation, and the desire among the members of tbe Church of England both in the South-East and Port Lincoln districts to supply themselves with the Ministry of Grace. During my stay in England, looking to the spiritual wants of this extensive and sparsely peopled colony in its agricultural areas, I was successful in securing the services of three additional clergymen, the Eev. C. 0. Elcum, priest, and two deacons, who were ordained at my recommendation by the Bishop of Chester, Bev. B. P. Dodd, and Bev. W. Orchard. Even this addition to our clergy, besides that of Dr. Craig, and the Bev. G. H. Parr fnow ministering in the new Semaphore Church), is still insuffi cient for the growing wants of our people. To Port Lincoln, as being most in need, I have sent Mr. Orchard, though only in deacons' ord- rs, because for ten years at Oheadle he was a minister and preacher, well esteemed among the Congregationalists. He had received the strongest testimonials from the Bector of Athby-de-la Zouch and other clergymen of our Church, and was recommended to my notice by the Organizing Secretary of the Scciety for the Propagation of the Gospel. Active, zealous, and in the vigor of manhood, he is capable of much mission work; while by the ministry of the Word he is well calculated to gather into the fold the dispersed and scattered sheep. Mr. Dodd was dispatched by the Vicar General to Jamestown, and has made a very favourable commencement of .his ministry, which comprises Caltowie on the west, Belalie and Yongala on the east, as well .as Mannanarie and Oiroroo to the north. Melrose, "Wilmington, Qnorn, and the more Northern townships and stations are still with out regular pastoral visitation, although in the early part of the year the Archdeacon gof Flinders travelled as far as Port Augusta and Qiiorn encouraging and strengthening all to whom he ministered to continue steadfast in the faith and worship. I should be unjust if in this connection I were to omit mention of the able missionary organizing tour which Archdeacon Marryat accomplished in the South- East, at a time when the contemplated removal of Mr. Hocter from Mount Gambier to Mitcham seemed to leave that portion of the diocese in hopeless and irremediable destitution. He, however, suc ceeded in arranging a scheme of missionary sei vices to be supplied by the Bev. W. Bussell at Kobe, Millicent, Penola, Narracoorte, and Kingston in succession; who, I am happy to repcrt, though a young deacon, has secured the respect and regard of those among whom he ministers. The visit of Mr. Farr, '.following sfco; tly after, supplied by the administration of the Lord's Supper in those Churches the lack of that essential ordinance. This mission, however, net ds strengthening by the addition of a priest, who will I believe arrive among us from Tas mania—the Rev. H. Hughes—at the beginning of July. In the meantime I hope to send some clergyman in'priest's orders round the district. The supply of a new congregation formed at Tivo Wells and a monthly visit to Maitland, Ardrosean, and Kiikerran make large demands on the time and energy of my domestic and missionary chaplain, the Bev. C, Elcum. A great calamity also has befallen the colony, and our own Church in its degree, in the partial suspension of work at the Moonta and "Wallaroo Mines. The Church at Moonta can no longer maintain a minister and pay the interest on its debt. The cure was vacated by-Mr. Corvan, and has provisionally been replaced under its former pastor, the Bev. C. G. Taplin. Meanwhile Maitland, Ardrossan, and Kiikerran have lost their regular visit from the pastor of Moonta, Mr. Corvan, who has? succeeded to the mission cure of Laura, with Gladstone and Georgetown southwards and Wirrabara and Charlton to the north. It ■will be seen from this rapid survey of the diocese that our Church, in spite of depression and difficulty, has not receded from the posts she has takenfe up. Inadequately occupied, indeed, for lack of clergy in full orders of priesthood, still her services are ministered from Mount Gamhier to Streaky Bay, and from Beltana by Fort Augusta to South Yorke's Peninsula; at Edith* burgh, Stansbury, Yorketown, Minlaton, Diamond Lake, by the Rev. W. Marshall; in Kangaroo Island by the Rev. C. Morse ; also at Cape Jervis, Glenbnrn, and Meningie, back along the River Murray at "Wilmington too, and Morgan, Revs. H. Bevis and Donaldson (from Strathalbyo and Kapunda) bold occasional services. It only needs, indeed, a good supply of active missionary clergy to extend the ministra tions of the Church of England through the length and breadth of the land. They should he " Sons of Consolation, full of faith and the Holy Ghost.'" But if we are to be blessed with such a ministry they must be relieved from the heart-wearing cares of narrow and insufficient stipends ! The labourer is worthy of his hire. I must sorrowfully confess he does not get it on the voluntary principle in the rural districts. The origin and need of the mendicant orders of preaching Friars in the Mediaeval Church is abundantly illustrated amoDg the scattered farming population of this great colony. I know not how their spiritual wants are to he met, except by sending " brothers" two and two, who from certain centres shall evangelize the neighbouring districts. And here we are compelled to face the ques tion of parochisl incumbencies and mission cures. X would not indeed place them in antagonism, hut regard the one as preparatory, the other as subsequent and supplemental. The history of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel is the embodiment of this idea. In 1703 it was incorporated by King William III. as the Missionary Society for the Plantations and Settlements in America. Read the earlier accounts of its labours in Georgia, Carolina, Yir ginia,Penn8y lvania, or the northern New England States, and you will see the spiritual condition of countries large as this, but by no means so well supplied with clergy as this colony at the close of the first generation of its settlers. The great Church of the United States, with its sixty Bishops, as well as the dioceses under the Metropolitan of Montreal, owe their present existence to the missionaries sent out by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Tftif diocese was founded under* the same auspices \ its first clergy men were five in number, three of Whom—vi^,: Beaumont, Farreil, and. Woodcock •—came ont under the auspices of that Society. The property in Leigh-street wasgivehto It for the missionary settlement of'this colony. It so continues. But the need of . a contentious supply of clergy from England "had also forcibly struck the mind " of "that far seeing and able colonist, W. Browne, Esq. Accordingly he set on foot the Church of England Endowment Society for t;wo great purposes—one the improvement of theinoome of parochial incumbents through endowments:; the other, increasing the. namber of missionary clergy from England. That Society has accord ingly supplied passage-money and guaranteed an income for two years at least to fresh clergy, and to it we owe the accession of the Hers. Messrs. 'Bendy, Elcnm, Bodd, and Orchard. Looking, then, to the enormous area now occupied by agricultural settlers, the numerous townships which are springing up, as well as the interior pastoral districts recently occupied from Eucla round by the Gawler .Ranges to Lakes Gardner and Eyre, and away to the Borders of Queensland and New South Wales, I would ask how, without travelling missionaries, can the Church of England in any degree shepherd those "few sheep in the wilderness," which nominally belong to her? Well and wisely, therefore, did" the Vicar-General, with the advice of Arch deacon Marryat, appoint provisionally the Rev. G. H. Esrr to act as "missionary chaplain." He visited the South-East and Western districts, but the funds of the Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel could do no more than supply one quarter's salary. That, however, sufficed to show the wisdom of the plan. The Church of England Endowment Society, how ever, in the terms of its trust, has supplied means for increasing the number of English clergy, and I have had the satisfaction of engaging the services of the Rev. Herbert Hughes, an English clergyman now acting as organizing and missionary chaplain to the Bishop of Tasmania. I have received strong assurance of his tried capacity for the xnissim work in the new parochial districts. It remains for the people themselves on the stations and roral townships to do their part towards sustaining the missionaries and pa^ irg the expenses of his travel. And now, without diminishing aught from the steady plans of endowing parochial settled districts (not mere isolated Churches), I must affirm that the missionary work of the diocese has an equal, if not prior, claim. The settled congregations are richer and abler to contribute toward the stipends of clergy than the labouring popula tion which is settled on scattered farms. Cap tain Allen had these country clergy very much in view when he endowed the Pastoral Aid Fund. Until the last two years that fund has wholly been absorbed in angmenting the incomes of the settled and endowed parishes. At least one moiety I feel, as trustee, ought to be claimed for the missionary districts. I will conclude by commending this important subject to the careful consideration of Sjnod, as by the fundamental provision No. 18 the "spiritual care of members of our Church not residing in any parish" is to be provided for by means of "ordained missionaries licensed by the Bishop." But how shall they be sent without the aid of the C.EE.S. and the Allen Fund? The following list of rural townships, not included in any parish where divine service is from time to time held by missionary clergy men, shows the extent of the work. Omitting that portion of the colony lying within the murray ana »t. Vincent biulfs, Cape Jervis, and the River Bronghton, the diocese may be conveniently divided into three missionary districts—1. The Archdeaconry of Flinders; 2\. The South-Eastern District; 3. The country west of Spencer's Gulf. Townships in No. 1 are Port Bronghton, Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, Georgetown, Gladstone, Laura, Wirrabara, Caltowie, Jamestown, Belalie, Yongala, Orroroo^Melrose, "Wilmington Quorn, Hallett, Gottlieb's Wells, Terowie, Sliding Rock, and Beltana. [_N.B.—Port Augusta, Port Pirie, Laura, and Jamestown have resident ministers.] Barnnga and Green's Plains are visited by Rev. C G. Taplin from Wallaroo; Maitland, Kilker ran, Axdrossan, by Rev. C. C. Elcnm; Yorke town, Mount Rat, Minlaton, Diamond Lake, Stansbnry, and Edithburgh are served by the Rev. W. F. Marshall. 2\. South-Eastern District contains Meningie, Kingston, Robe, Millicent, Penola, Narracoorte, and Rivoli Bay North. 3\. West Coast, Port Lincoln, Tumby Bay, Lake Wangary, Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, and many stations. I cannot close my report withont briefly adverting to our Sunday-school Union, and the excellent gathering of the children at the Cathedral for afternoon Bervice, with an address from their Bishop. Their reverential be haviour and intelligent answering to the questions I put them denoted careful and thoughtful teaching. It is a hopeful sign for the future of our young people. Through some oversight, I presume, no infor mation was previously given me as to the schools or the number of children which would attend. Last year, when the Bishop of Mel bourne addressed the children, one thousand were said to have been present. The public also was admitted. On the late occasion, how ever, it was thought necessary to exclude by advertisement the general public and to procure additional benches; but the accommodation was insufficient, and this suggests that either two Sundays should he devoted to a children's service—one for the schools of the city, num bering about one thousand; aud the other for the suburban and country schools—or that a select portion of the elder children only of each school should be brought to the Cathedral. It was, at all events, a touching sight to look upon so many yonng souls gathered together, and hear them join heartily in the hymns of praise, accompanied by the noble organ, the gift of the women of South Australia to the Cathedral of the diocese. I trust I may be permitted again to see such a gathering, and encourage our young people "to fear the Lord from their youth." STANDING COMMITTEE'S BEPOBT. The annual report of the Standing Committee was presented, from which the following items are extracted:—" Your committee proposed that a conference should be held between a sub-committee and the Board of Directors of the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society, for the purpose of reconciling all matters of difference between the Synod and the Society, but the Board was unwilling to accede to the proposal during the absence of the Bishop. On February 12 last the Secretary wrote to the Board by direction of your com mittee asking for a statement of the estimated net income of the Society for the current year, and of the amount that could be paid over to Synod, during the same period, for the endow ment of churches. The information was duly supplied, and is printed elsewhere. On March 28 the following minute was received from the Board, and is now referred to the consideration of Synod:—'The Board of Directors of the Society having considered the question at issue between the Standing Committee of Synod and this Society as to the " distribution and appli cation" of the net annual income of the Society have resolved—That it is the duty of the Presi dent and Board of Directors for the time being to determine how to apply such net annual income towards increasing (firstly) the stipends of Incumbents by endowments, and (secondly) the number of the diocesan clergy; that tha sums voted for such purposes are to he paid over to the Diocesan Synod for "application and distribution" according to the terms of the " re commendation" made in writing and accompany ing such payments; that it is in the discretion of the Diocesan Synod to alter and amend such recommendation, but that the "final decision" as to the mode of the application of such funds (whether according to their own recommenda tion or that recommendation as amanded by Synod) rests with the President and Board of Directors; that with respect to the application of the net annual income 1879 the Directors have determined to make the following recom mendation, viz.:—That a sum of £500 shall be paid by the Society to the Synod for the en dowment of chnrches within the Diocese of Adelaide. They recommend that in future each parish to be endowed shonld pay one moiety of the whole endowment of £500, that £100 should, be paid by the parish at the first instalment, and the balance liquidated by three yearly pay ments of £50. The Directors have also resolved, having regard to the Vicar-General's appoint ment of a "travelling and organizing mis sionary," to recommend the payment of £600 to the Bishop towards the support of a similar missionary, and for increasing from England or elsewhere the number of the diocesan clergy. £600 will scarcely suffice for the payment of such travelling and organizing missionary and payment of passage money and stipends to such clergymen. The two sums of £500 and £600 absorb the whole amount of the annual income available for 1879." Tour committee repUep to the letter received from the S. A. Total Absti nence League and Band of Hope Union asking Synod to aid in the promotion of sobriety among the people. Vour committee elected the Ven. Arc hdeacon Dove and Mr. W. D. Scott to act on the Mission Committee of Advice.: On re ceipt of the announcement of the. death, ■vhssed st resolution esprtssiiig their Ssensebf t^e' greatloss the whole Church had '^tTOedj wi their sympathy biBjsori Melanesia) -in tbis'beiiyy' affliction, ,' '"your committee . estimate'the . 'expenditure forthe jensmng- year at {260| and recommend, an assessment at 8d.1 -per .sitting ~ }et,'. as - per statistical returns of 1877*8, amounting to :£255 13s. 6cL, being at the same rate as for the last four years. The whole of the assessments '^for. the past year; have .been paid, producihg sufficient' to cover the expenditure and leave a balance in hand of £>72 18s. 3d. No hew churcheshave been added to the ,list, Your committee pre sent atahle showing the amounts received 'from each church fbr'tbe various funds, [the amounts paid as grants-in-aid of clerical incomes',and the proposed assessment for 1879-80. The follow ing is a comparative statement of the totals of these amounts for the past two' years Received— .1877-8 1878-9 Synodal Assessment ... £242 19 0 £248 8 8 Borne Mission... ... 185' 14 11 184 6 1 Mission to the Heathen 160 12 0 167 4 1 Raid— Grants-in-aid of Clerical incomes ... ... -463 0 4 462 3 4 Your committee have again paid the grants-in aid of clerical incomes at fall scale, and have voted the whole of the funds placed at their disposal to the Melanesian Mission. During the past year All Saints', Moonta, has been endowed to the maximum amount of £500, the parish subscribing £200 and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society contributing £300. This Society estimates that it can pay over to Synod the sum of £500 during the year 1879 towards the endowment of churches. A scheme has been drawn np whereby churches will be encouraged to endow gradually, i.e., in sums of not less than £40 (representing an income of £6 per annum) and not exceeding £200. Should the funds available not be sulh ciect to meet all the applications received parishes will be allowed to pay in their quota on deposit, upon which the Attorneys of the S.P.G. have agreed to allow 10 per cent, in terest, to be continued till the endowments are completed. Circulars giving the details of the scheme have been sent to all churches unendowed or only partially endowed. The Treasurer has received £24 9s. 2d. from the Vacant Cures' Endowment during the year, and has made certain payments, leaving a balance in hand of £3 10s. 6d. The Area Mission fond has been found very useful for the purposes for which it was raised, and the Standing Com mittee recommend It to the liberality of Churchmen. No report has been received from the Sub-Committee of the Melanesian Mission, but an appended balance-sheet shows the state of the fund. Your committee recommend that a ^clause be added to the model trust deed regulating the management of cemeteries, and suggest that it might be similar to that re schoolbouses; and they also recommend Synod to decide whether the model trust deed should contain a clause giving Synod power of sale. Your committee have been advised that it is necessary for Synod to give formal declarations of trust for the following funds:—The General Synodal Endowment of Churches Fund, the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, and the Clergy Annuity Fund. An application was received respecting the completion of the schoolroom in connection with Christchorch, O'Halloran Hill, and asking that it might be conveyed to five trustees for the purposes of an Institute, &c.; The Standing Committee re solved that they had no power to comply with the application. In consequence of the peculiar position of St. Augustin's, Virginia, the com mittee recommend that the assessment for 1879-80 be remitted, and that the circumstances of this Church be taken into favourable con sideration by the Synod- On February 27 last the Lord Bishop returned to the diocese, and was met at the Church Office, where an address of welcome was presented to him signed on behalf of Synod by the Dean and the Secre tary. Your committee availed themselves of the occasion of Bishop Selwyn's calling at Adelaide, en route for England in October last, to present him with an address of welcome at the Church Office. Your committee recommend Synod to pass a reso lution expressing its regret at the loss the diocese of Newcastle has sustained through the death ol the Eight Eeverend Walter Tyrell and its admiration of the character and labours of the deceased Bishop. The Standing Committee presented the account of receipts and expenditure of the Clergy "Widow and Orphan Fund to Jane 30, 1878, balance-sheet at that date, and a progress account to April 30, 1879. They are nappy to he able to again report that all the premiums are paid. Two clergymen have joined the Fond; one has died, and his widow has been placed on the list of annuitants; and three have with drawn from the Fund on leaving the diocese, receiving together the sum of £33 10s., being 50 per cent, of the premiums which they had paid in; consequently the funds are relieved from all liability in respect of them. The following statistics are given in continua tion of those published last year:—No. of clergy licensed, 44. No. of clergy subscribing— Married, 28 j widowers with cfiildren who might be claimants on the fund, nil; single, 1; widowers without children who might be claimants on the fund, 2; total, 31. No. of clergy who have ceased to be subscribers during the "year through—Death, 1; resignation, nil; departure, 3; total, 4. Number of clergy who have ceased to be subscribers .since the com mencement of the fund through—Death, 9; resig nation, 2 ; departure 1; total, 18. Number of an nuitants—Widows, 5; children, nil; total, 5. The total worth of the funds is £6,133 6s. lid., of which £320 7s. 3d. is invested in land, and £5,590 on mortgage producing an income varying from 6 to 10 per cent. The income for the year ending June 30,1878, was £578 10s. Id., and the expen diture £189 11 Id., the balance, £388 19s., being net profit. In accordance with the resolntion of last Synod, the annuitants now receive £40 per annum. The Standing Committee presented to Synod the account of receipts and expenditure of Clergy Annuity Fund for the year ending Match 31,1879, together with the balance-sheet at that date. The income for the past year has been £462 18s. 9<L, the expenditure £30 9s. Id., leaving a net profit of £432 9s. 8d, which, together with the amount brought forward from last year, gives a net result of £1,229 16s. 5d. as the present worth of the funds. Of this rem £1T0 3s. 6d. has been subscribed to the Guarantee Fnnd. Donations have produced £i 7 10s. 6d. For the ensuing year promises of subscriptions to the Guarantee Fnnd have been received amounting to £7117s. 6d.; the AUorneys of the S.P.G. promise to supple ment subscriptions and donations pound for pound up to a maximum of £100; hence in order to claim this amount in full an aocni lonai sum or J&2B 2b. tw. must be subscribed, winch they trust will be forthcoming. There are no arrears of either premium or interest. The number of clergy subscribing is thirty out of forty-four, the number licensed in the diocese; one subscriber to the fund has died during the past year, and one has resigned, and one new subscriber has joined the fund. The whole of the funds are invested except a small balance of £1 Is. Sd.; £1,080 being lent on mortgage yield ing an income varying from 6 to 10 per cent., and £14815a. being invested in land. The fond is now available for annuitants, the capital Guarantee Fund having reached the minimum of £1,000; they trust that during the ensuing year it will reach the amount contemplated by Synod—£1,500. A meeting of the committee appointed by Synod for the purpose of establishing a South Australian branch of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge was held, and a circular addressed to all the clergymen and churchwar dens of the diocese was adopted, calling atten tion to the claims of the venerable Society. Tour committee have been informed that the Lord Bishop has made arrangements for a supply of hooks to be sent to an agent for sale in this diocese' from the venerable Society. The teachers of All Saints' School, Hindznarsh, have resolved to aid the Society by quarterly collec tions in March, Jnne, September, and Decem ber ; the first collection—£2 10s. fid.—has been received, when a sum ef £20 is collected it is proposed to remit that amount as a first dona tion towards the new offices the Society is buildiDg in London. The statement of the estimated net income of the Church of England Endowment Society for the year ending December 31, 1879, and of the amount that can be paid over to Synod during the year 1879 towards the endowment of churches, showed that the estimated net income for the year was £1,000; overdue rents and interests from 1878, £150; unexpended vote to Synod for 18T8, £200; total, £1.350- The appli cation of fond had been—Unexpended vote to the Lord Bishop, £250; vote for the year 1879 for missionary purposes and for the importation of clergy, £600=£850, leaving £500. The esti mated balance that can be paid to Synod daring 1879 towards the endowment of churches, upon their application and advice that the pariah has contributed its portion (inclusive of the above £200 voted in 1878), is £500. Mr. Anthony also handed in accounts and balance-sheets connected with the various funds of the diocese, which were taken as read. ltBVr COMMITTEES. fThe following gentlemen "were elected to be members of the Standing Committee for 18?9 ' Auditors—Me^ti fSrj* ( 1^%pot,X feCnnninghilih, YUM ^cotfj.i.'S^eniM,' G. W. Hawkefl,! jL: Grnndy, 3?^ |Bray,"I)r, Go««, Button,) " Committee bf' Appeal—|4e« DoWnefr,J ahd-'W. P, Scott. - _-^r_-_. n,—, , deacon Maiiyat,Revsl Oanon,Cq"QmbeB,0(mou JF&rr.S.;^Green, Dr.'Debdf, ao4 yfS& Ajidifawit, <■ Messns. J./H. Gufmingbam, G.~ AlOpppdr, W.'B.' Douglas,' E. 33. Grundy, H.'Ddttob, andHG. Madley. ' ,' .." '. OEHEfiAL STJTOD. 'The Pbehtbemt remarked that he should like j to have a committee appointed to " eh quire .Into ' and report upon the relation existing uhder" the laws of the Synod between themselves pad the General "Synod,!. soaa jto arrive at some ,determination as'to what matters wereaodwhiat' were not within the proper limits of legal dis cussion "at the General Synod. They must now, however, proceed to the election of represehta-" tives. . "The following gentlemen were accordingly 'elected to represent' the diocese, at the. next Geneial Synod:—Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. Canon Farr, S. Greepi J. F. Hbcter, and Dean- Russell,' Messrs. S. E. Downer,' G. W. Hawkes, W. Barlow, A. Spence, and J. H. Cunningham. Emergency:—lie vs. Archdeacon Dove and F. S. Poole, Messrs. F. Grants and T. Hickson. CHBISTCHUBCB, HOBTH ADELAIDE. Veil. Archdeacon Mabbyat presented a petition from the Incumbent and Wardens of Christchurch, North Adelaide, asking the Synod to define the boundaries of the parish. Referred to the Standing Committee. AH XmraiBIUQIBLB BEQUEST. The Secbbtaby announced that he had re ceived the following letter:—"To the Synod of the Church of England assembled in Ade laide.—Gentlemen—I venture to hope that Z - shall be deemed justified in appealing to the Synod for enquiry into the following circum stances :—1. That there is now reason to believe that it was through an admitted misapprehen sion Of facta by the present Lord Bishop and Very Reverend Dean of Adelaide that I have been unintentionally and irretrievably, rained in worldly estate through the Law Courts. 2\. That as a natural consequence of such mis apprehension and procedure I have been and am still shot out from a fair share of employ ment for self-support, notwithstanding that by the grace of God I have health and attainments equal to be useful for a livelihood in any Govern ment department or mercantile establishment. I humbly beg leave, therefore, to appeal with due reverence to the Synod to afford me .an opportunity of explaining the above-mentioned circumstances and of producing documents and testimonials in my possession from others in support thereof. Trusting that defects, owing to my loneliness, in the composition of this letter may be allowed for and excused, I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your obedient servant, Rd. Gujbebt Symokds (a member of the Church of England; arrived before the proclamation of the colony per Cygnet, Sep tember, 1836.)" A short conversation ensued, in .which the President stated that he did not understand to what circumstances and to what misapprehen sion the letter alluded; neither did he know the writer. The letter was received. the drebidekt's addbess. On the motion of Mr. G.W. Hawkes, seconded by Mr. T. S. Porter, it was resolved—" That the thanks of Synod are due to His Lord ship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, and that they, with the statistical returns, be printed in the report of Synod." BEPOBTS, ETC. The following motions were carried without discussion:—Proposed by Mr. W. S.Douglas and seconded by J£ev. Canon Ooohbbb— " That the reports of the Standing Committee, the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, the Clergy Annuity Fund, and the S.P.C.K. Committee be received, taken as read, and published in the report." Proposed by Mr. G. W. Hawkes and seconded by Mr. J. Thobne—" That the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1870, and the accounts of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund and Clergy Annuity Fund be received, adopted, and published in the report." Proposed by the Itev. S. Green and seconded by Mr. A. Jones—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the Attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committees of the Incorporated Church of Eng land Endowment Society and the Melanesian Mission, for their accounts, reports, and statis tical returns, and that they be received and published in the report." Proposed by Mr. W. S. Douglas, seconded by Mr. J. EL Cunningham: —"That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee." Proposed by the Bev. S. Green, seconded by J. W. Castine:—" That the Bevs. H. M. Pollitt, W. G. Robinson, and S. Green, and the Secre tary he a committee to edit the report of Synod." Proposed by the Venerable Arch deacon Marryat, and seconded by the Bev. Cat on Farr—"That the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond report be adopted." clkbgt annuity fund. Ven. Archdeacon Makryat proposed—" That the Clergy Annuity Fond report be adopted." Bev. Canon Fabb, in seconding, read a letter that Mr. Hawkes bad received from a clergy man residing in the vicinity of Port Elliot. The writer said that a reference to an enclosed list of subscribers to the fund in question would show that much more might be done towards augmenting the fund if the clergy would take it up iu a hearty manner, Out of a list of seventy-four subscribers, the large proportion of twenty-two had been secured in that exceedingly poor district, owing to the matter having been brought well under the notice of the Church people by the incumbent of that district. The amount subscribed was not large — £13 4s. — but if the whole of the clergy in that district only would set to work in_ the same way it would give an addition to the fund of over £400, which continued for three years would be of very material assistance. The writer readily believed that small sums would be readily subscribed by Church people. He (Canon Farr) wished to direct attention to atotber point, viz., the statement that the fund wis row available for annuitants. It migbt, perhaps, be thought desirable by Synod to fix what amount the annuity should be in ease any application were made for it. In the Cleigy Widow and Orphan Fund the amount was fixe d at £40 per annum. After discoBsioD, Yen. Archdeacon Mabbtat proposed that a special committee of laymen should he appointed to collect subscriptions towards the fond, and the words "and that a committee consisting of Messrs. Cunningham, Hawkes, and Grundy be appointed to collect subscriptions" were added to the resolution. The motion, as amended, was carried. CIERGY WIDOW AMD ORPHAM FCMD. On the motion of JJev. S. Gbebn, seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas, it was resolved—"That Clause 2 of Schedule A of the trust-deed of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be struck out, and the following inserted in place _ thereof:— 'Clergymen licensed by the Bishop sub sequently to May 1st, 1879, _ may secure the benefit of the fund within one year of obtaining their licence, by permission of the Standing Committee, on production of_ a medical certificate satisfactory to the Standing Committee of their being in sound health, and by contributing as follows:—1. .Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum j 2. Married clergymen and widowers with a child, £4 per annum. After the ex piration of the above term of one year clergy men shall only be allowed to come under the provisions of the fund hy permission of the Standing Committee on producing a medical certificate satisfactory to the Standing Com mittee of their being in sound health, and on payment of double the amount of the arrears of subscription, reckoned from the date of their being licensed by the Bishop.'" TRUSTEESHIP OF FUMDS. On tte motion of Mr. H. 43. Akthomy. seconded by the Kev. Canon Coomss, it was resolved—" That the Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Adelaide, incorporated, accepts the properties and funds now belonging and which may here after belong to the Clergy Annuity Fund in trust for the purposes and objects de clared thereof by the deed declaring the same, which has been prepared, and directs that the common seal of the said Synod snail be affixed thereto accordingly." On the motion of Mr. T. O. Jokes, seconded by Mr. G. XEomsr, it was resolved—"The Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Adelaide, incorporated, hereby authorizes and directs the trustees for the time being of the Endowment of Churches Fund to convey, assign, and transfer to the said Synod the properties and funds belonging to the trusts specified in a certain deed declaring trusts of the said funds, which bears date the fifth day of January, in the year 1868, and is executed by . Augustus Short, D D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and John Morphett, trustees named therein to hold the mid properties andfoods in trust for the purposes and objects for which the said fond has been raised." On the motion of Mr. T. O. Jonhs, seconded by Mr. G. Thoewlby, it was resolved—"The synod of the Church of England in the diooese of Adalaidn, incorporated, hereby authorizes diiwtai the trustees for the time being of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond and of the Guarantee Fund to convey, assign, and transfer to the *«"d Syned the properties and funds t^inrirrinp to the trusts specified in a certain deed declaring trusts of the said funds, which i».r. date the 15th day of Slay, in the year 1865, and is executed by Augustus Fhort, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Neville Blyth, and Tbnwum J. S. O'Halloran, the trustees pampd therein, to hold in trust for the purposes and objects for which the said funds have been raised." SALE OF CHURCH LANDS. Mr. H. S. Anthony moved, and Mr. W. S. Douglas seconded—"That a new clause be inserted in the Model Trust Deed, first section Fundamental Provisions, to read as follow 3:— Power of Sale—* 12. Upon receiving from any Vestry a resolution passed by it and requesting the Synod so do (but not otherwise), the Synod ; may sell any land comprised in the Model Trnst Deed of the Chorch, the affairs of which are managed by such Vestry, upon such terms and conditions as shall seem fit to the Synod. The purchase-money to be received for the said land Bhall be applied to the purpose or purposes (not being inconsistent with snch trusts of such deed) as shall be stated in such nsolutioD, and as the Synod shall approve Provided always that no proposition for the sale of any con.scrated land or bnilding shall be decided er spt at the annual session of Synod, or at a c \ll of Synod, nor shall any such proposition be passed unless two-thirds of the members present on a division support the same.'" Mr. T. O. Jones said that he was glad to hear that Mr. Anthony desired to hedge the power he proposed to give the Synod with all passible restrictions. He thought that every case should be dealt with upon its merits, and would there fore move, as an amendment—" That the latter part of the resolution, commencing at the words4 providing always,' be struck out." A desultory discussion followed, during which opinions were expressed that the resolution as worded would prove entirely unworkable and onght to be reviewed by the legal advisers of the Synod. Mr. H. E. Downer moved—" That the motion should be referred to a committee consisting of Messrs. Barlow, Grnndy, and Anthony, and that the debate be adjourned." Mr. T. O. Jones withdrew his amendment, and Dr. Gosse seconded that of Mr. H. E. Downer. Mr. H. S. Anthony remarked that he was willing that the clause should be referred to a committee, as he desired that it should be clearly and properly drawn out. The amendment was carried, and became the substantive motion. The Rev. A. Sells moved, and the Ven. Arch deacon Marbyat seconded a further amend ment—"That the committee be permitted to deal only with non-consecrated land." After a protracted debate the amendment was carried. MANAGEMENT OF CEMETERIES. On the motion of the Ven. Archdeacon Mahryat, seconded by the Rev. J. 0. Haynes, it was resolved—" That it is desirable that a claose be added to the Model Trust Deed regu lating the management of cemeteries, and that a committee be appointed to draft such a clause, and report the same to the Standing Committee." It was further resolved that the said Com mittee should consist of the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. F. Hocter and Canon Farr, and Messrs. Barlow and Moulden. THE LATE BISHOP TYBEBLL. On the motion of Mr. G. W. Hawkbs, seconded by Rev. Canon Coombs, the following resolution was agreed to:—' That this Synod expresses its sympathy with the Diocese of Newcastle on the loss it has snstained through the death of the Right Rev. "Walter Tyrrell, and its admiration of the character and labours of the deceased Bishop." ST. PETEB'S, WUXIAHSTOWN. Ven. Archdeacon hi abet at moved, and Rev. S. Geeen seconded:—" That, in accordance with the recommendation of the Election Com mittee, Syned declare the trusts under which it holds St. Peter's Church, WiHiamstown, 01 | being requested to do so by the Vestry." ADJOOENMKNT. j At 10 o'clock the Synod adjourned until 11 o'clock next day. Second Day, Wednesday, May 14. The President teak the chair at 11 a m. CHOHCH OF ENGLAND ENDOWMENT SOCIETY. The PiiBsroENT read over she follow! ng resolu tion, set down in the names of Ven. Archdeacon ilarryat and Mr. J. S. Anthony :—" That, in accordance with clause 2 of the Standing Com mittee's Report, the extract from the minutes of the meeting of the Church of Englaud Endowment Society be taken into considera tion." He said that there was no purpose in the consideration spoken of in the question, which would be nothing but an abstract question. If there were any purpose behind, he thought that it ought not to be stated when that body was not represented directly, and it was an just to make observations on the action of a Society , which had hitherto acted perfectly friendly to Synod without any notice being given to tlieni of what the difficulties and objections were. Thirdly, he thought it unwise, be.ause it was Jikely to create some antagonistic feeling where none existed at present. Therefore, unless some purpose were stated, he would move the previous question. As President of the Endowment Society he had stated that there was not the least disinclination to give the fullest infor mation. Ven. Archdeacon Maeeyat believed this was one of tbe formal resolutions drawn up in tiie report of the Standing Committee. Air. Anthony had asked him to take it up. Mr. Anthony said that the extract from xha minutes of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society was received by the Stand ing Committee, and instead of considering it the Standing Committee passed a resolution determining that it should be submitted to Synod for consideration. He drew up the resolution simply in the form in which it was pas-.ed in committee. The Peesidkni said that if Archdetcon Marryat wished to call into question the Society's interpretatioa of its own 7 t.h rule his objection ceased. t ea. ATcnueacun uxahrtat rererrea to tae formation and incorporation of the Endowment Society, one of the fundamental principles set before the public by the promoters being that its funds should be handed over to the Synod, and its affairs be placed ia the hands of a boird of I&ytuen.; He briefly alluded to the dispute that had existed between the Synod and the Scciety in consequence of the failure of the latter to carry out those provisions, and charged the Endowment Society with having openly violated Rule No. 7 The President said that he could not allow such a statement to pass, aud he denied it ia toto. Yen. Archdeacon Marrtat continued to argue that the objects for which the funds for the Church of England Endowment Society bad been raised were for the endowment and the increase of clergy, principally in connection wirh bush missions. The last plice in which the money out of that fund should be spent was in town, aud certain moneys voted under Il ils 7 did not come directly within tile object for which the fund was established. At present they had no hush mis-dous, mni had not hid for some years, but tbty had clergymen partly paid from that fund residing in town. If Syncd approved, ar.d said that the Vicar-Choral aud the 3 o.estic Che plain came under the term miesv :aiv chaplains, he of course would bow to that uteisiou : but he did Dot think that those chaplains came under that definition. He moved the resolution. Kev. S. Green, in seconding, said that while be joined with Archdeacon Marryat in accept ing the minute from the Church of England Endowment Society, he begged to say that the other matter introduced by the Archdeacon was «>ot in accordance with the clause of the . Standing Committee's report. The payment of the-Vicar-Choral or the Domestic Chaplain had never Wen before the Standing Committee, aud therefore tbe Archdeacon did not represent that -Committee in that particular point. He (Bev. S Green) would not go into the question of whether or not those chaplains were paid out of ahat particular fund. Tbe President interposed that the Domestic \--Ofcaplajn was not paid out of the"Endowment Entd. Key. -S. Greek continued to say that the Archdeacon had not had the consent of the -Standing Committee to make those statements. He.very-much regretted tbe committee should have bees .put in an entirely false position by s-rtraneous matter being introduced into the apit-stion. 1 he President remarked that he hid o.°ver lakvii part in drawing up the rule, and was, as ijiey would perc-iv^, in his capacity as Presf the Endowment Society, merely a sort «f permksive incumbent. The clause tinder -*<ifitR>4inn was one of the most difficult to in t. The fund was established for the pnr ) off of helping the endowment of churches, of i<, p.Jifcjpg Of churches, and of in creating the number of churches. The Society bad fairly done till that. Xf attempts were made to narrow his missionary means he weald have to call hack into his own hands the trusts that had been given from the Allen Fond. Further, he gave notice that he objected dis tinctly and decidedly to that motion, which was made by Archdeacon Manyat last year, pledging the attorneys of the So ciety far the Propagation of the Gospel to give 10 per cent, for every drib bling amount received from various Churches. That was a direct violation of the trust set down in the charter received by that Society from William IIL He would see this discussion now to the end. He was charged with the missionary affairs of the diocese, and nothing should hinder him from doing all that the law allowed him. He was very sorry, after returning to the diocese so happy, and being greeted as he was so affectionately, to have to meet sn.ch carping objections to work that had fairly been done and had been blessed. He was moved, and he told them this: that if at 78 his feelings were to be harrowed, his time occupied, and his thoughts distressed in such a manner, he would place Mb resignation in their hands this time next year. A member of the Synod enquired what the motion before the Chair was, and Ven. Archdeacon Mabbyat, withdrawing the original resolution, moved—"That the Synod approves of and accepts the first portion of the extract from the minute of the meeting of the Church of England Endowment Society." Eev. Dr. Dendy seconded, and signified his approval of the action taken by the Society, which was conducted by men of ability, who undoubtedly believed that they were giving the Synod the rights of their and its position. The Society had an income of about £1,000 a year, of which they gave £500 towards the Endow ment Fund, and the moiety to the Bishop of the diocese to use in the best way he could for the good of the diocese. He hoped that this would be the end of any unpleasant communications between the Synod and the Endowment Society. Eev. Canon Fabb thought that if the Church of England Endowment Society had done from the first what it had now done there would have been no action necessary now. The Archdeacon was right in fact when he said that the appro priations had never been before the Synod. First of all the clause had been drawn up ap parently in some degree at variance with the professions that were made when the Society was started. Synod knew nothing of it until the Act was incorporated and the Society in existence. He did not think that that would give them great confidence in the Society's action afterwards, particularly when they founs that that action did not agree even with the clause itself, and it was with difficulty that they obtained from the Society a statement of what their income was. He hoped with Dr. Dendythat the dispute would be set at rest; hut he vras hound to say that he thought it was Bet at rest because the Synod had taken action. Yen. Archdeacon Marbyat, in reply, said that nothing was farther from his wish than to harass His Lordship, bnt the question was simply one between the Synod and the Church of England Endowment Society. With regard to the violation of their charter by the attorneys of the SJP.G. in guaranteeing 10 per cent., he might observe that that Society had for many years past carried on an endowment scheme to a far greater extent than the Church of England Endowment Society itself. It made large grants towards the capital, and also guaranteed the sum of 10 per cent, towards the whole of the invested capital. The endowment scheme had been founded long before he had been one of the attorreys. The motion was then put and carried. Yen. Archdeacon Mabbyat then pro posed, with reference to the second portron of the minute—" That no alteration be made iu the present system of e-idowment, by wh'ch the share paid by the parish may be increased." Bev. Canon Fabb seconded, and the Rev. J. Houghton having spoken to the resolution it was agreed to. On the motion of Yen. Archdeacon Mabbyat, the remainder of the extract wf3 agreed to. SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION. The Standing Orders having been suspended, it was resolved, on the motion of the Bev. Gbeen, seconded by Mr. Moncb.sff—"That the Synod adjourn at 7 o'clock, in order to allow the general annual meeting of the Church of Eng land Sniiday- schcol Union taking place at 7.20 p.m." CLERICAL INCOMES. Yen. Archdeacon Mabbyat proposed, and the Bev. S. Gbeen seconded, the following resolu tion—'"That, in accordance with the r; com mendation of the Election Committee, it is desirable that tbe amount of the * re? 3011a hie income,' as required by Fundamental Provbiou Bo. 14, be detmed by Sv^-od, and that it be au instruction to the Standing Committee to c-in sider the question and report to Sy cod." A lengthened discussion took place, in which several members expressed their opinion that a "reasonable income" could not ha defined in such a way as to do justice to every parish, in consequence of the various circumstauces wh oh controlled or modified or increased tbe wants of the clergyman of any particular parish or the ability of any particular parish to contribute towards the maintenance of its pis-or. Others thought that the minimum amouat to be paid by a parish in order to enafcie it to send a representative to Synod should be fix-id. Eventually Mr. Thohnley moved, and Rev. A. Sells seconded, the following amendment — " That what amount shall constitute a reasonable income, as required by Fundamental Provision No. 14, shall be left in each case to be deter mined by the Standing Committee." The amendment was carried. ST. PETER'S, WnXIAMSTOWN. The application that St. Peter's, Williams town, be placed on tbe roll of parishes entitled to send representatives to the Synod was referred to the Standing Committee by tbe casting-vote of the President. NOTICES TO VESTBIES. On the motion ot the Rev.S. Gbeen, seconded by Mr. G. W. Silifant. it was resolved—" That, in accordance with, the recommendation of the Election Committee, the resolution of Synod contained in minute <51 of 1677 be amended to read as follows ' That, under the direction of the Election Committee, due notice be sent by the Secretary of Synod to each Yestry annually of tbe number of representatives it is entitled t j elect for Sy nod.' " ST. AUGUSTTN'S, VIRGINIA. Rev. Canon Coombs proposed — " That, i a accordance with the n. comiaendation of t ie Standing Committee No. 24, the assessment -su St. Augustin's, Virginia, 1879-80, be remitted/' He said ibat the church wa» in a peri,hinT con dition, and was in danger of being sold; that the bond entered in.o had fallen upon shoulders arable to bear it, one of whom wa3 a wido-v He did not know the amount of the debt, bat he thought that it was at least £400. Be v. Poole seconded. Mr. G. W. Hawkes explained that there was a debt of £400 upon the chorch,that cost, wica the land, aboai £SG0. At the time it was b j ;lc •.he neighbourhood was in a much more healthy financial and agricultural position than is was row. Many farmers had left the neighbour ) <ed, and among tbem some of the ler i i». g supporters of the church. The result wn that, after hawing exhausted all their means in raising money to pay for the interest upon ta loan of £400, thc-ie were four <r five trass.- - who bad made i-htmseives personally liable : < the amount These trustees had cotneforwi and apjeah'd to tire Church of England at ia _ - to help them in this emergency, and they h i ■ c'onc it in a wty which he w~s sure would tLeai a ri.-»'rrj upon the consideration of ail. Even the widow to whom Canon Coombs had alluded bad put down her £20, and all the other trustees had given £20 erch. The case, he dared say, had come before many mern'rers of the Synod in tbe shape of circulars, a most unhappy mode of endeavouring to raise funds. He now appealed to charitable and wealthy people for subscriptions in order to save those people from ruin. They were nol wealthy people, and they had done their utmost to save the church, and be now invited the sympathy of all members of the Church aud help for the Virginia Church. BOUNDARIES OF PARISHES. Eev. Canon Farr moved—"That, in accor dance with the suggestion of the Standing Committee (see p. 107 Report for 1878), a committee be appointed to act with the Lord Bishop in defining the boundaries of parishes which are not already defined, and in allo cating to them districts over which the in cumbent may exercise ministerial supervision." Mr. G. W. Hawkbs seconded. Mr. H. JE. Dowweb suggested the addition of the following proviso, to the effect that such committee, before defining (be boundaries of any parish, should .gave notice to tie incumbentand Wardens of each parish of the intention of such committee to define each boon dories. Rev. B- Greek said that the Standing Com mittee last year had -not recommended the definition of boundaries, but, on the contrary, had considered it to be inadvisable to alter the existing arrangements, in consequence of the shiiting nature of the population in some dis tricts. That committee, however, had sug gested that in due time the parish boundaries should be -defined, with additional temporary allocations. Toe President considered that the p»—of ( Bucb-a. resolution would bp an invasion of his-f episcopal rights, and read aa extract from his letters-patent to support this argument. Mr. H. B. Damns said that nothing -was further from his intention than an invasion of His lordship's rights, and begged leave to with draw his suggestion. Canon Fare also withdrew his motion. CHRIST CHURCH, NORTH ADELAIDE. Mr. Jab. Bath moved, and Mr. S. Smith seconded—" That the petition of the Vratty of Cbristchnrch, North Adelaide, respecting the boundaries of the parish, be referred to the Standing Committee for consideration and report." The President rnled that itwas the fonction of the Synod, and not of the Standing Com mittee, to deal with the question, and The motion was withdrawn. THE CATHEDRAL AND CHBI8TCHURCH. Yen. Archdeacon Marryat proposed—"That a special committee be appointed to report npoa the proper relationship of the Cathedral and its clergy to the parochial chorch and district of Cbristchnrch and its incumbent." He thought that the position occupied by "His Lordship was somewhat extraordinary. In reply to a deputa tion which had waited upon His Lordship from Ohristchurch, North Adelaide, the Bishop had assured them tbi.i he had no desire to injure that Church by holding services iu the Cathe dral, but simply wished to attract from places of recreation peop'e who seldom, if ever, went to worship. Since, however, morning and eveniDg services had been established in the Cathedral the offertory at Christchurch had bee a dimi nished by about* £112. The incumbsnt of Christchurch was consequently at variance with His Lordship, not in his capacity as Bishop, bnt in his capacity as incumbent of the Cathe dral. In the latter capacity His Lordship wei not in a position to give impartial decisions in any difficulties arising between the two partic 3 The Cathedral had become de facto a parish church, without bearing the responsibilities attendant upoa such a church. He (Arch deacon Marryat) concluded by quoting prece dents for such a motion as he had proposed. Mr. D. Garlick seconded the resoluti m. The President briefly narrated the history of the dispnte which the resolution referred to, and maintained that he was claiming nothing . but what was his right by virtue and authority of bis letters-patent. Bev. Dr. Dendt said that he, as one of the clergy of the Cathedral, had no relationship whatever " to the parochial church and district of Christchurch and its incumbent," and there fore as far as he was concerned the motion was without meaning. The laity had a perfect right to go where they could, and it could not be helped, although at the same time he sympa thized with Archdeacon Marryat. The President said that he would read a letter he had received from certain lay gentle men who had taken upon themselves the burden of the Cathedral Fund. He had thought it right to refer the question to them, and this was their reply: —" In furtherance of an invita tion from your Lordship a meeting of the mem bats of St. Peter's Cathedral Lay Fund and of the Wardens of the Cathedral was held on Tues day, the 22nd inst., to consider the question whether or not it would be better that service at the Cathedral should be held in the evening or on the afternoon of Sundays. After some discussion the following resolution was carried and ordered to be conveyed to your Lordship:— 'That it is undesirable to close the Cathedral on the Sunday evenings.' " Mr. J. Thobnley also spoke to the motion. ADJOURNMENT. At 7 o'clock the Synod adjourned until 3 o'clock next day. 