TALES AND SKETCHES. splendid misery. '- ; , . : " A NEW NOVEL, \ ; : .7. li .-t . , B? , . MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author op"Lapy Audrey's Secret," &c.; Ghatier XIII.— Flossie Goes to the Post.— » ; (Continued). . - : Flossie. on licr perambulations oh a fine summer altynoon was a creature to observe and study, a 'being''' o£ tlio butterfly species . altogether, yet .witi. a cortain stratum . of sound sense irad.gr her butterfly frivolity. ; The fact that 'Bbe'Lad busincss on hand was never absent from hor mind ; yet she tried to.get'as much ainuse- menthsshe bould onhcr way. She looked her pret tiest on these uccasions— her bohnetneatly put 011, hcr bQflnct-strings a picture ; her gloves, in their Bm'adl' way, perfection-; her muslin gown bright ened by a! ribbon just where a dash ef color was .needed.. .People., looked at lifer, and admired her as she went by; but ho one ever doubted that she was a young lady. The days of that half- "woyld which lies between respectability and the disreputable had not yet como. Powder and paint and darkened eyebrows were the livery of a race outside the pale. There was no compro mise between virtue and vice in that simpler epoch. | It was astonishing what a largo amount of ! amusement Flossie was able to derive from the j contemplation of shop- windows which she saw al most every day. Looking at shops with Flossie was almost a passion. She stopped to gaze into the most insignificant windows. Tho scent-bot tles -and pomatum-pots and packets of court- .nlastcrat the chemist's ;the Berlin wool patterns at tScfftueyghop; the toys, tho trumpery, thc.sham jewellery, brooches, tinsel brace- :IetjB, all interested hen Butiligge were as noth ing compared with a 'display of bounty, glovfSj J ribbons, parasols, and French flowers "at eleven-' I pence tliroe-farthings the spray. Over these she gloated for ten minutes at a stretch, trying to ' make up her mind what she would buy when she had half a sovereign to spend for herself. To-day .he' was in a particularly volatile humor. Mr.' pdhrutb's theatre tickets had demoralised her. She was thinking of Robson ; she was forecasting the. bliss of an Italian opera. She found it harder than usual to fix her mind on biitcher's-meatand grocery. She fluttered past the butchcr's sbop, "on, the .wings, of her muslin frock, forgetting that -. jjhc ligd a message to deliver there, and fluttered back 'again conscious-strickcn from the other Bide r.cf- -Addington-square. She had not her usual gifasp of the situation at the grocer's, and bluiid-' ;' e/ed about the quarter of a pound of orange pekoe ' which was to perfume the family teapot. Her \- ideas were disarranged. Slale- Huarriea and old Cornish mansions a thousand ifeet above the sea- level mixed themselves with the daily humdrum pi fancy bread and lump-sugar. She found herself speculating upon what might have been her fate had Mr. Penruth been attracted by ber .eliarms ! instead of Barbara's; whether sho could ever j All rkhta'rServc06111 arra"ecmente with the author. I ' hve brought herself 'ib Ibek ,'-0 Hi his- awkward- heasof gsiit and-A-'aAo l&'lmcepi the man-' mert and the iiue . She had decide! that these drawbacks were not unconquerable, and.;she was already in imagina tion reigning over the. Romish., mansion and rid ing thoroughbred horses,. over.tbe Cornish moors, when she pnlled herself up suddenly at the post- office, and came dowii. with 'a tremendous drop from the airy realms -of -fancy to tho solid world of fact. - '- ' ' ''Gracious!" slo exclaimed inwardly, "Bar bara's letter 1" ,1 ' ' Barbara's letter : "Where was Barbara's letter ? The joy or wee of two lives bangs upon that sheet of flimsy paper. The fate of two strong and steadfast souls has becni; trusted ,to this butterfly creature, and the result is ruin.: - Flossie searched her reticule and turned her pocket inside out in vaini: i.dThc- letter was gone. She turned hastily and diurried back ever so far, perusing the pavement' with 'her. eyes. In vain. She asked the most unlikely pcdple if they had picked up a letter, Bhe 'looked down the grat ings before her favoritj; shop-windows ; she went , baok to tho baker's; tjib butcher's, tbo grocer's, and fluttered those respectable, tradespeople by her inquiries; but- tjiero was no trace of Bar bara's letter. That message of faithful love, that | fond despairing appeal to o, lover's heart, bad dis- | appeared as completely from Cainbcrwell as if tho j winds of heaven had taken pity ;upon the writer : and wafted it away to the Indian seas. j " What shall I do ?" thought Flossie, standing j on the pavement, staring wildly round in an j agony of remorse. "Barbara would never for- givo me, if she- knew how Careless I have beon." But Barbara ought to know; and Barbara could easily write another: letter, argued . reason ; and i Flossie went slowly homeward, framing the apolo getic speech in which, she;' should confess her sin. ; . . ,f j .. She felt deeply humiliated;. . She, who, had been wont to assert herself as the one business- like individual in- the faiiily, to' be thus con victed of dire carelessness.! 'Where hencefor ward would bo her pretensions ? She had yielded the palm to Barbara in beauty and in intel lectual acquirement,, but she 'hadf assorted | herself always as tlie sole proprietor of prac tical wisdom. She walked 'slowly iiitp tho sunshiny' kitchen where. ;hB:s. Trevornbck was setting tho teatiay, while . Amelia hearthstaned the back premises with a view'to all-pervading spotlessncss on the coming Sabbath— and sank "exhausted into Chair 'by the . bperi: window, 'where the yine, -which ncyor iu its life, had grown 'ah ; eatable.grape, pushed' in- its leaves and ten-- drils so prettily. She had a guilty look, which ; struck- her mother at tonc, 0., ' - s " ' ' ' - ; '.'I hope you haven't forgotten an jdhing, " cried Mrs. Trevornock, as she u'ai-mcd, the teapot, ' ,'j . ' "-No, ma dear." , : ' ; " You called at the butcher's?!'. > ' "Yes." '/ 'v1 : - 7 ' - " And you bare! brought the pekoe aitd a tea- . cako for Barbara's' tea-?!! : ; j ' ... - '' Yes; here'sthe'teaCake. ;'. I'll toast it if yon like.": - :;/ 7 7 ' "No; you look tircd; and you'ro' :is paloasa ghost. Was it very warm put 'of door s |'It was— for me. ' It's no use trying to hido it, mother," cried Flossie, in agiish of caiidor.; " I've done something dreadful." . ' " You've lost my change !" exclaimed Mrs. Trovoriiock, borror-sitrickcn.' " Change, indeed 1" cried. Flossie why there was only sevenpcnce balf-ponny left after I had paid for everything; It's much worse than that." " You horrid girl, bow you are torturing me 1" said the aggrieved mother; letting the kettle boil over unhoeded, to the detriment of a newly- whitened hearth. " For mercy's sake speak out, and have done with it !" "I've lost Barbara's Indian letter." "Lost it?" ' "Yes, I must Lave dropped it into an area, or let it fly away into the. clouds. .. It's gone." . Mrs. Trevornock looked fully alive to the enormity of the offence, but - she answered not a word. Profound thoughtfulncss took possession ot' her. She had just enough consciousness . of common things to snatch up the kettle, which was now making a Great Geyser of itself, and to fill the teapot ; but; for the rest, her thoughts wero far away. " You might say something sympathetic, ma," observed Flossie, aggrieved by this silence ; | "I shall have a nice scolding from Bab. Her j inmost thoughts handled up and down theWal- | worth-road and circulated all ovOr Camberwell. I'm sure I don't know however I shall bring my- ; self to tell her. V : > Mrs. Trevornock sat down, aild looked at her daughter doubtfully. | "Supposo you were not to say. anything about i it, Flora ?" she said. : . " Why, then poor George Loland would be lan- I guishing for a letter—" '" ' "Flossie,'" interrnptcd Mrs. Trevornock so lemnly, ' ' there are reasons why it would be much better for Barbara that Captain Leland never got that letter. I don't mind trustiug.yo», for you I have plenty of common sense, and know bow to j lpok at things in a practical, way. | TV ell, ma, I ami not ridiculously romantic like Bab; and though ! ain only eighteen, I have some knowledge of the.world." ' - "An enormous amount for _so young a girl," said Mrs. Trevornock approvingly. " Well, dear, I am sorry ta say. poor Captain Leiand, who was always so gentlemanlike anil so kind, and whom I really loved, has got into some dreadful trouble— whether it is gambling or something worse, I don|t know, and Heaven only knows how it may end — and . he has had the- proper feeling ; to write to Barbara, releasing her from her en gagement—" ' " ; Y«i'y nice inliiitn," said. Flossie. "And this is, tvhy Barbara.has been breaking her heart i Yes, poor darling chijd ! And in spite oif all I could say, she has been foolish enough to write and tell liim that nothing can cbango her love for him, and that she will " be true to him through evil report and good report--" "And that is; the letter T have managed to I lose !" cried Flossie jumping "upj" and executing her favorite passcqT'round. the kltiieii. " AVby, what a clever girl i ain j "I.ithiaught.1 had been stupid for once in niy liife, aiid heboid, my. stupidity was a stroke of genius ! Give mc your benediction, mother/ Bab shall marry the slaVe-i quarries, and you and I will walk in silk nttirfl; aB tho rest of our lives." . ; " Flora, Flora, how wild; you are !" . : ; " I am only pleased with my unconscious' in- - gennity. To think that I, who never lost a letter before in my life; should go and lose jus4 that ono ! I shan't say one word to Bab. The Cap tain will think she accepts his release, and he- will consider the engagement at an end. And Barbara will bo Mrs. Fenrutb, and one of, the richest "women in Cornwall ;. and all. my doing ! And now let me .toast the tcacake, and got her- tray ready. Poor deaf pet, she shall have a nice tea !" And the mother and sister, who were dealing with Barbara's fate as if tboy were wiser than Providence, and knew better how to regulate life ' and its chances, thought they were making some amends for their duplicity by small attentions and trivial tendernesses, . such as .are given to a sick child as atonement for weary hours and nauseous, medicines. Chapter XIV.— Silezjcb. ; . Her letter on its way to India; as she supposed, -Barbara began to count the days which must pass before she could . receive her lover's reply ; and tho fond expectation of thiB an swer, which would doubtless reward her faith by the assurance of George Leland's unchanged and unchangeable love, cheered and comforted her. She revived and bloomed again, like; a - flower which has bent to the storm, and seemed , almost the old, bright, happy Barbara in tbo small family. circle; whereat bcr mother and Flossie concluded that the barb had never gone deep into her heart, that she bad liked Captain Leland only because he was at hand to be liked, and that she had a stock of affection ready to be transferred to a more worthy object. . , A blank andmonotonous tranquillity character ised . the period of falling leaves and ; fading flowers in South- lane! ' The angular Cornishman had gone back to bis moor and his slate- quarries, disgusted by Barbara's incivility, no doubt; as Flossie remarked complainingly on several 'Occa sions. 1 ; ' "The very first influential friend, we ever! had," grumbled tlie: damsel, ''and: Bdb' must ; needs make herself disagreeable to -hiin. A-' man who could get ehdltss orders' for the thea- ' tros." .. : / - " ; r_ './ '. "I feel ebnvincbdthat' lie .lias .iio more iiiflti- ; ence at Jhe. theatrAS- than ybu ;haye! Flossi.e," . protested /Barbara. - : '- Ho - bought .- all those ! /tickets." ' .- : 7' ; "All the more to bis credit if he did.' It .proves that ho lias a generous disposition, -and ithat he Ought , to. be .cultivated. Yet you must! needs snub him shamefully. -And now he has. gone baoktoComwall/aiid li-cshallueyer seehim 'again.",;. V" V:: 7';'7;:.:",. " I devoutly libpc wo slia'u't-,"- said Bab, . ' , ' But in this hope Barbara was disappointed, , as : in that fonder dearer hoI>e of a speedy reply from her lover. Thcyearwancd jthe leafy , groves of Camberwell grew bleak and bare ; the .friendly, mulfin-man loomed through the mists of after- noon ; tho yellow gaslight flared against a back ground of brown fog, and Mrs. Trevornock's- par lors put on their cosy winter aspect. The sofa was wheeled to the fireside ; the round tabic drawn nearer the hearth; the wide French- window shrouded with warm curtains ; and a: sense of homeliness and comfort and love and union grow stronger with the lengthening of the; winter nights, since darkness and the shutting out' of the external world seemed to draw mother and daughters, and cveu the faithful and melodious serving-maid, nearer together. ; Yet there was a discordant note in their music. Barbara was not herself; Barbara, bravely though she bore her trouble, was evidently un happy. No answer had come to her letter — that frank and generous letter, in which she had, as1 it were, flung herself into her lover's arms, thrown herself almost at his feet, setting- at naught the world and the world's good word for his sake. There had been 'plenty of time for his reply, but he had not answered 'her." Barbara accepted bis silence as the admission of bis ineon- stancy. His heart bad gone from her. It would have been useless, pqinful, perhaps, for him, to reply to. her letter. What could he say? "My dear, you are very generous, and I thank you for the assurance of j'our love. Unhappily I liavo -fallen in love with some one else, and am only embarrassed by your amiable constancy." No, it was better for him to leavo her foolish letter unanswered, since he could say nothing which- would not be more or less discreditable. So while ho was the real offender, her sbamo .and remorse were as profound as if the sin had been hers. She despised herself for having writ ten that letter. She ought to have accepted the annulment of her engagement without a word. He had wished to ho free and he had told her so. Her place was to have bowed to his decision. All those fine phrases in which he had enveloped the one plain fact of his inconstancy meant nothing, and she ought to have so understood thein. " I was very foolish ; I knew so little of the world," she told herself, in - deep . abasement. " And ho seemed so fond of me '; we wefe so happy. I thought he loved me as intensely as. I loved him. How could I tell that his love would last such a short time ? How pale he was that day on the ship, when he held me to his heart as if he could not part with me ! His eyes bad a despairing look. If that was not lore, true faith" ful lova— 0 God, was it only seeming? Can ho hold another woman to his heart, look into other eyes, and in ono short year — " These were Barbara's thoughts in many -a soli tary walk up and down the narrow gravel path In tho bare wintry garden. Sbe iiked to .be alone with her trouble, and had taken to - avoiding- Flossie's society. She had to fight with lief grief, and conquer it, if she could. She had abandoned all hope of a, reply to her- letter. There-could be no delay in such a matter. A .letter of that kind must be answerec at once, or not at all. She made up her mind-that all was .ended between her and Georgo Leland. ' If they were ever to meet again,- itwould be as strangers. They would pass each other in .the street, per haps, without a word, with only one swift glance of horrified recognition, andtheh'carefully-av'erWd eyes. .. ! / '.:.! ; ' V " 7 „7 " 0 my love, Ihiivfe. loved you so !/ 1 thought you so entirely my own!" she said to herself. . " I thought Y9 we to live and .die together, and : lie side by. Bide in the grave. And now it is all 'over and ended, and yon look back perhaps and; wonder how yon Could over have liked me." Mrs. Trevornock and Flossie were more than usually affectionate and considerate in their treatment of Barbara, but neither dared to in trude upon her grief. Flossie affected an abnor mal gaiety, and made occasional sprightly allusions to the man in Cornwall, his estates, and his opera-tickets, and his evident admiration of Barbara ; but these being recoived by her Bister with an icy coldness, she was not oncouraged to enlarge upon the theme. Neither mother nor d&iighterbreathed; Captain Leland's name. They knew they had done wrong, yet they hugged themselvbs in tho belief that they had been guilty bfa very small evil in order to bring about a- very largo good. Barbara's pallid checks and heavy eyes were an ever-present reproach, but her- cheek might have been as pale and ber eye as dull-if her letter had been duly posted ; for who could tell.what trouble the Captain's reply might have brought her ? And to sanction her mar riage with a disgraced man would have been to doom her to pale cheeks , and careworn looks for the rest, of her life. Desperate ills must have desperate rom'edics. Mrs. Trevornock felt that she had done her duty as a mother in concealing the loss of the letter. Youth and health are possessions not easily squandered. Before tho winter was half over . Barbara began to recover, physically, from the blow that bad fallen so heavily on heart and mind, Srlie had not ceased to grieve in silence ; she was not less unhappy ; but the bloom came back to her cheek and the lustre to her eye. She was more like the old Barbara in that pre- Adam ite period of life before the idea of a partial boarder had entered Mrs. Trevornock's mind. Sbe was ablo to smile at Flossie's pcrtness ; she was loving and companionable as of old with, mother and sister. J. : Peace was restored to the family circle. 