ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL SUNDAY SCHOOLS. The dedication of St. David's Cathedral Sunday Schools and Synod Hall, Harrington-street, took place yesterday. The building, which is upon the site of the former school, is a very handsome and commodious one, in the early English style of architecture, It has been erected at a cost of nearly £3,000, upon the ornate plans of Mr. Henry Hunter, by Mr. William Andrews, both of whom have admirably executed their work, and added a handsome, commodious, and important edifice to the religious architecture of the city. The foundation- stone was laid on the 29th June with befitting ceremony by His Lordship Bishop Bromby, and it was then expected that the school would be completed in the following January, but the keys were only given upon Tuesday last. The building, which has been fully described in a previous notice, comprises a school- room 50ft. by 28ft., Synod Hall 40ft. by 28ft., and classroom 24ft. by 16ft., height 25ft., belfry 56ft. There are front elevations on Harrington and Victoria streets. The interior is very light, airy, and attractive, illuminated texts of Scripture, and illustrations of Biblical subjects, with which the walls are profusely decorated, adding to the cheerfulness of the neat design. During the erection of the school, which will accommodate 800 children, the scholars have met in the Central School, Bathurst street. The present attendance numbers upwards of 400. The opening service was largely attended by the pupils and their friends, between 600 and 700 being present, filling every seat. A special musical and dedication service was arranged for the occasion, the | scholars having been carefully trained by Miss Agnes Bromby. At 3 o'clock the choir of St. David's Cathedral, in their surplices, entered the aisle, chanting Psalm cxix., 946, accompanied by Bishop Bromby, Dean Bromby, and the Revs. J. C, [ Mace, J. Gray, and Horsham. The clergy took their seats upon the platform. Dean Bromby intoned the ' prayers, and after a short supplication by the Bishop, His Lordship, while the congregation remained kneeling, pronounced the following blessing, stretching forth his hands to all parts of the building a"Ged the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, three persons in one glorious Godhead, accept, sanctify, and bless this place to the end whereunto we have ordained it. The blessing of God Almighty the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, descend and rest upon this place, and upon all who learn and teach in it, now and for evermore" The Bishop then addressed the children, exhorting them to profit by their entrance into a new school by leading now lives, by listening to the lessons of their teachers, with increased attention and zeal for Christ, by being more loving, considerate, tender, and assiduous in the duties of life, in industry, and in every way by trying daily and hourly here, below to serve their Heavenly Father, and reach heaven at last. This was the lesson which their exchange from the old school into the new taught them, that just as they moved into brighter and better class-rooms and left the old behind them, so should they try to load brighter, purer, and more useful lives in future, renouncing the errors and follies of the past. At the close of His Lordship's address, a Service of Sacred Song, illustrative of the Life of St. Paul, was given. The hymns sung by the children and choir were interspersed by Scriptural readings, commencing with the account of the conversion of St. Paul, by the Rev. J. Gray. The solos, "How beautiful are the feet," and " Come unto Me," were effectively sung by Miss Hogg. The anthems, "Thine O Lord, is the Greatness " and I heard a Voice from Heaven, " were expressively rendered. The whole of the music was harmonious and artistic, the well-trained voices blending tunefully. The conductor of the choir, Mr. J. R. Fryer, and Miss Bromby, who presided at the harmonium, are to be congratulated upon the results of their painstaking efforts. The selections throughout were well chosen and appropriate. A collection was made realising £25 15a. _^_^_______ 