The Mniiici|-al Conncil got through a good deal of bnsiness last Thai-sdaj afternoon. , Several very. . impoi-tant matters were debated. The Mayor intiinnted ' that ' ? the Corporation ! was indebted to the Bank for the sum of £210, which will probably be covered in a' few months, aa the first moiety of the Government Endowment is about dne; andjQ arrears of rates to a res pectable amount are within a. month or no of collection. ' At the' end of' the mnnicipal -ye:-r no.doubt the credit. will balance the debit, and 'leave a surplus. The- metalling of streets had been a heavy, iteii last, month, but the worst parts of the main streets were '.' per manently repaired, and' may not require further; repair for .some time. Most, of the corporation work upon the streets was finished;, and the Conncil, .with, no ' funds in' : the Bank, had no other alternative 'than to dismiss the labourers. Tha Council have resolved to offer for lease all ; unoccupied 'allotments in arrears for rates, upon the expiration of tha ione month's notica, required- by the Act. We should advise the owners of- property, to pay such arrears of r»tea before the notices are issued. Alderman Bromberg's motion to fence in the Town Common, upon self-su|-- portingprihciples, was a measure worthy of every support, and if it is carried out it will tend to settle the ' great cow question.' If the foar miles of fencing' will cost, say, £400, we think that there are sufficient horses and cattle in tbe'Btunicipality to be grazed within the enclosed commonage, which, if charged at the rates mentioned by Alderman Bromberg, would ultimately cover the cost of fencing.' As regards borrowing the £400 from the Govern ment under the provisions of the Local Government Act, it would be uncalled for, if it could be legally borrowed elsewhere. It & not worth - while ?borrowing so small a sum, as ' the ?Council might have to apply for a large loan at isome . future time. To levy a special rate for this purpose might also be dispensed withpeonsidering the recuperative power of the proposition. In considering the question, - His Wor Rhip the Mayor and Alderman Coulls were of opinion that if a herdsman was appointed, and the law already in existence J was enforced, there was no great necessity for the motion. Carriers and horsemen had a right to graze their horses for a limited time on the Town Common, and these persons could not legally be charged for putting tbeir animals into the fenced Common. But out of two propositions the best can be taken. We think Alderman Brom berg's scheme is tbe best, as it would not be felt by tbe general ratepayers, and as it would pay the cost of con struction, after paying the annual interest and salary.- The debato was adjourned until next meeting, until the Council had become initiated into th? modut operandi 'of borrowing money under the . Act- The Council debated Mr. AmhursVs Bill for the improvement of Part Pioneer with unusual. animation and aldermanic wisdom. If the rato paynrs of Mockay are to be held responsible, for the £70,000 to bo borrowed for the canstruction of river improvement*, or are . held liable at any time to pay tho interest of the special loan, then the Bill should be debated at once before u public meeting, and especially before tho second reading, or during the second reading of the Bill, which was prpb&bljr; an order of the day, and upon tho. paper for dis cussion last Wednesday evening. It will never do to debate fmporjant questions when the object of discussion has boco rrwhed through tbo House, and made law. Wo conld not applaud legislation of thut description. But if tho amount of loan is secured to- the lender by the consolidated revenue of Queensland, then the ratepayers have no need to interest- themselves in the matter of. a public meeting, *s 'all powers will be vested in Commissioners, who derive their revenue from river dues, wharf dues, warehouse rents, -fcc. But the Bill has an ugly feature about it. We are afraid that Mackay will be charged ; for improving its river at its own expense, ? while such ports as Brisbane, Maryborough, Rockhampton, Bowcn and Townsville were improved Jit the expense of the whole colony. Thin is anything but fair, to the public of Mackay, and the Bill is an instance of the faulty character of Mr. Mcll wraith's late Financial Statement,, as regards the transmission of taxation from -the Central to the Divisional Boards government. As the Bill did not reach' our Hands until late, we defer its further review until next issue. Shareholders of the Mount Orange Cop per Mining Company are reminded that tha half-yearly general ^meeting will be. held on next Thursday evening, at eight, o'clock, in the Oddfellows' Hall, Jor the purpose of adopting tho reports and balance sheet, and the consideration of other important business. The special attention of local patrons of the Tnrf is' directed to the race programme of -the Peak Downff Turf Club, ' published in ' our advertising columns this morning. There will be two days racing, The Maiden Plato. -Ladies Mile, Turf -Club Handicap and Members O'up will be- contested for on the ;6th of August next; and on the second day, the Hurdle Race, Clermont Handicap, Con solation Stakes, and .Forced -Handicap will be the leading. events. The night of general entrj- is the 4th of Angnst Fnll particulars of the meeting will be found in another column. Several horses that ran at the late meeting of the M. T. Clnb are entered for the- Clermont races, and their porform t:-ces on the Peak Downs Turf will no doubt provo exciting and interesting. We hope to hoar of local thoroughbreds winning the 'big money' at Clermont against horses of as cood a reputation as Wrangler, Echo and Newlawn. .;'--.. ' '. Some time ago the Telegraph thought that tho sub-collector at Sweer's Island, in re porting upon -a suitable port in tho Gulf of ? Carpentaria, had looked in at tho 'wrong place.' Upon tho best authority, we may state, that Bagley Point is a most dangerous place, studded with sunken , rocks, .which made the work of survey a difficult operation. We have no doubt that, a convenient port will soon be found on the shores of the Gulf, suitable alike for the terminus of an overland railway, an3 as the point of arrival and departure for the mail and passenger steamers connected, with the Indian and China trade. Port Darwin is spoken of as tbo great port of the future, hnt we do not ithink it is to the inteyests of this colony to send its ,trade by way of South Australia. By the— timei/Queensland trunk lines reach a central inland point, a suitable port in Queensland territory may be discovered. : The Carlton Ghost Company, mmns the Rhost, have been performing in the Olympic Theatre dnring the week. The programme each ereaing was attractive, and tho singers and performers did their best to amuse their audience. In. tho mnsical department, Mr.: Down shone to the best advantage, his rendition of 'Let me like a soldier fall' and ' Thy Faca ' was much appreciated. Miss Rose, though not possessing a cultivated voice,, sung 'The Dear Little Shamrock' with ' expression and effect. Tho 'step dancing of Master 'Cotter was clever and gracefni; particularly the 'sailors hornpipe,' which earned for him great applause. Mr. Clinton is- full of broad . negro humour and extravaganza, which is much appreciated by some audiences. The Ethiopian Sketch of 'Cainille' was not so popular with tho audience as tha tarco: of '.' The ? Two Othellos,' in which Messrs. Tudor and Clinton acted with snecess, and were much applauded. The company appear to-night, when 'an entire change of programme 'will' be feiven. The pianiet,._-Mr. De Lay, is a goo-? accompanist, and he performed -several piecea with good effect considering the instrument was a little oat of order. . A committee meeting of .the School of. Arts was held in the Mnnicipal Chambers last Thursday afternoon, at half-past two. Present— His Worship the Mayor, (in tho chair) and Messrs. H. Brandon, W. H. Paxton, J. C. Binney, H.. Bromb«rg, and F. H. Smith. The minutes wero read and confirmed. The Secretary read a letter from Mr. F. T. Amhurst, stating that tho Govern ment had- placed no subsidy, for Schools of Art npon the Estimates for the current yearf and thought tho decision of the Government would bo final. The Committee- resolved to make an application for the grant, in 'the nsual manttei', 'under the Act. The Secretary intimnted ihaT Mr. Craig's lecture 'An evening with' Thackeray, in aid of the Building Fund, would take place on Thurs day, the 31st of Ahgust Several accounts wero passed for payment. The meeting then adjourned until next Thursday. We Jearu that Mr. VirgU Power will be Acting-Judge of the District Court, at its noxt aittings in Mackay, in the room of His Honor Jndge Hely, who has been indispased for some time. . Two more drays from Mount Orange hava arrived in town with copper since our last issue. '?-.'? . ? CnrsiiTN(j will begin on the Alexandra plantation on Monday next. Tho crop npon this estate has arrived at oxcellent maturity, and a ' return of over three hundred tons may be expected. Tho quality of the sugar fr-m tho Alexandra :plantation' will be con siderably improved this year, as Mr. Davidson has h'tted-up a first-cUss vacuum pan, and added largely to bis machinery in tho mill. Alexandra 'whites '? will therefore b« known for the first time in the South this season. A larjje boiler is daily expected from Sydney. Crushing will take place at the Pionoor, River, and Meadowlands plantations in a week or so. Tim Hev. C- Gaubtad, Lutheran ? olorgy man, ' will preach in tho Olympic Tbcatre to-morrow (Sunday). Bervioo will 1-egin at 1030 a.m., in tho German language, and at 3 p.m. in tho Danish languago. Wo havo also to direct attention to a genoral mooting nf tba members of tbo Lutheran Chnrch on Tuesday next, in the Olympic Theatre, at 7 p.m., wbon business of importance will be transacted. : Attehttoh is directed to an alteration in 'the iirogrommo of tho Peak Downs Turf Club. Tho entrances for tba Maiden Plata can ha recoivod up to 6 p.m. on tho 4th of August noxt, tba night of tha genoral ontry. . ?- : ? A general mooting of ths members of tho Turf Club was hold last Thursday evening in Tatt«n«ir«' Hotal. Tho President occupied tbe chair, end there was a good attendance. Tho. balance shoot as read showed that tha receipts (or tho year up to data ?mounted to £439 2s. and tba dishseemonU-to £427, leaving a balance of £12 on tbs right side, C'olonoland Dadoabt prote«t» were satis factorily sottled. The buiineu of tba avoniug then closed. - Tun' sorvica of song, ' Bnnyan'i ' Holy War,' was rendered by tha choir of the Presbyterian Church last evening with great ?uccciw, and was wall received by tbe audience throughout Tbo report will appear in our next, ? - Ouk ronnrt of tha A. P. and M. A«sool» tion, and of several local matteU are inavoidably. crowded oat of this i««ue. 