MAUDE; OR TUB ITp.CMl JSste Xrf eg. Edited by Miss Wiiately, Author of ' English Synonymes,' ' Lifo of Archbishop j - ' AYhately,' ' Three Caskots,' etc. CHAPTER VIII. — Continued. THE -NIGHT OF TERROR; " . Sister Ursula was sent for, and for some days they, 'all remained quietly at the Cloisters. The- Superior then left giving orders that they were to spend ' ' the days : there and the nights at ' Wiggins.', Court,' As Sister Ursula was with them, Maude,' made no further protest, and they con tinued 'this rule for somo little1 time, 'till tho Mother, decided to remove the sisters to another part'jof the'town. It was hard. work, however, to persuade Emily, to leave the Cloisters.' Each eveningitkere was the same difficulty, . and as she was really, ill, apparently so weak as to he hardly able to .walk', Maude thought it little' short of cruelty. to' insist on. her dragging herself along. She suggested to Sister Ursula that they should take a fly, but was reproved for thinkinr/even of infringing the rule the Mother had left. It was Obedience, suoh as Sister Ursula's, that the Superior had seemed so anxious for.Maude to attain- -an obedience not only.believod.in as a curdinal principle of truth,' but carried out to the letter : in : practice, - even when- opposed alike to : common sense and humanity. .. . ; CHAPTER IX. S E L F-A B N E G A T I/O N. Not long after the events described in our last chapter,; the little house in Wiggins Court was giveh'up, aad another, a much larger one, taken in a better part of the town. There had been a groat deal of fatigue involved in this change — the searching for houses, the moving in. Most of the pots, pans, the kitchen fender and fire- irons, crockery and oratory adornings, were carried from one house to the other by Sisters Mabel and Maude. They engaged a porter with a truck for the heavier things, but the Sisters were expected to do any kind of work which' might fall in their way that was not absolutely beyond their strength. The Superior's room was hung with white and pink calico ; all the other rooms were furnished as at Westonbury. The large drawing-room was to be the Oratory, and wa3 given in charge to Maude to furnish according to certain directions. Wiien tuS S!!<?eri9r waj at the new house, she had one or other always in attendaueo upon ber, an.d much conversation passed between them. She had spoken of beginning a hospital in the Cloisters so soon as they could get tno whole of the house there, and Maude was especially interested in forwarding the plan, as she had many sick cases in which she was deeply inter ested. . One poor man was to bo the first candidate for admission, and she gave the Mother Angelica many details about him. Once sho was sitting by his bedside, when a Scripture-reader came in. :She would have left at once, but the invalid was so urgent that she should remain, and the reader, seeing' her conventual costume, did not miss .the opportunity of telling her that a convent was no safeguard against the world: 'We carry the world in our hearts, oven if we are enclosed witliin four walls and the wooden cross was of no use, ' for it is faith in the crucified and risen. Redeemer we need.' Maude was, according to rule, silent ; hut the sick man became very vehement, as ho thought this a personal attack on her, and calling for a Prayor-hnok pointed out with his trembling fingers where the child was to bo signed with sign.of the cross in the Baptismal Service. He then lay back exhausted, seeming to think that he had utterly annihilated thereador's argument. Maude calmed him by saying she was not at all annoyed, but she must leave him now. She thought how little' the Scripture-reader knew how entirely she agreed with him, though she had passed into.a settled faith in Christ, and in consequence of which her mind was undergoing a gradual relief from superstition and priest craft, The Mother one day gave her a few coloured engravings for her Psalter. . Sho had received some, several months before, with great pleasure. Now sho did not care for them much. Tho Superior remarked it, and said,-- ' Why, Maude, you don't.seem to care for your pictures. ' ; ' 0 . Mother dear, what are they ?' she replied,' taking one up ; 'nothing hut paper and point !' Another time, when Maude was speaking of her ' intense longing for growth in the knowledge of Christ as the actual living risen Redoeiner, Mother Angelica warned heir of the pride and presumption there was in this intense desire for spiritual things. A ' religious ' must he humble and wish for nothing but what God sends in the appointed channels. If only she strove to he more ' obedient,- she would find all the graces of the Holy Spirit increase in her soul. She expressed much affection for hor, and seemed always pleased' with what she did, though it sometimes struck Maude that sho was all the morb useful to the Superior from that very defioiehcy in implicit obedionoe which Mother Angelica professed to deplore. She was now again left in tbo new house with an orphan servant girl, and sho devoted herself to the' task of fitting up the Oratory. Hanging tho . walla with fluted folds of the heavy cloth was! difficult, hut, with tho help of Kate, she accomplished it. Ordering the stalls was more difficult, for sho was not to say what they were for, and having very littlo idea of measurement, she .drew hor design on a scale more befitting a church than an oratory. However, all was arranged at last, and the dark crimson walls, massive, stalls, and wooden cross, were con sidered grand and imposing. Prom time to time sho was joined by one or other of the community. They oame and went according to their private orders, and she seldom knew : when or whero she would meet them. Sometimes they joined her at tho old church, sometimes at home, but no one asked questions. Each went quietly on following herown particular direction, always acknowledging, as Superior for the time being, the senior sister, whiohever she might be. On one occasion a novice, or ' Child ' Eldred, joined her. There was something about her appearance which struck Maude as strange. The next morning it was explained by Eldred' telling her that sho would nover know what true self-abnegation was till sho followed her example. She then learned that for six weeks already Eldred had not changed her under garments, and had abstained from all ablntionB except washing off tho dust from her face and hands 1 1 How long this was to bo continued she did not say, hut sho informed Maudo that Dr. Oldaere, who was her spiritual father, approved of it, and that she had also taken a vow of celibacy, which ho had sanctioned.. Tho Mother, too, knew and approved of both these vows. Maudo thought immediately of the hermits sho had seen iu Italy, especially of one whose cell in tlie mountains she had visited, and whoso appearance and surroundings had particularly revolted her. Could dirt really be pleasing to God ? What secret, hidden virtuo could there be in it which she failed to perceive,, but which was evidently apparent to the Mother, Dr. Oldaere, and Eldred ? She was puzzled, but there, was no time for thinking out impressions .then, though certainly she could not understand it. Her work was now almost overwhelming, the new locality being so ifar removed from the part of the town in whioh she visited, and she was again left single- handed. . She had a device of her own for finding out the' very destitute. Sho went into an under- | taker's, or, where they made coffins for- a low neighbourhood,, and asked if Vany one had died lately ; - ,or ; into . some little: general- provision shop, and, asked if thoro was not some poor widow in debt to them. Sho generally got a list at each place. There -was one court sho occasionally visited where tho people were not only in rags, but positively hardly clothed, — buildings iu the most tumble-down state ; they never dreamt of going to church. How should they? 'But a gentleman comes along evory Sunday, and do talk beautiful, and,' added tho woman, pointing to a chair in the corner, 'that is tho chair as ho sits in up at the top of the court.! In this house tho staircase was minus several steps, a constant peril for the lodgers' children, ono being already crippled by a fall down it; in another room, an old man was laid up from falling through a hole in tho ceiling — a well-known hole, but he came upon it 'unawares like, in tho dark.' Maude often wondered where the responsi bility of those and such-like calamities rested ; at first sight the landlord was to blame ; hut then the tenants did not pay their rent. Then 5uS thought of the parish officers, but they seemed always to be small tradespeople, neces sarily ocoupied with their own business. Than the rags, and the drunkenness, and the public-houses ! It seemed useless sometimes to be trying to mako-'head against such a host of evils, and her thoughts often turned pleasantly to the prospect of the hospital. There, at- all events, it would be possible to alleviate pain and give comfort,- — and real illness can bo helped without fenr of being imposed upon. She remembered those boots and tools which were to enable tho father of a family to earn bread, which she. had purchased herself, so that the money might not be a temptation to him passing through his hands. .... What good had that expenditure dono ? — enriched the pawnshop-keeper and tho publican, and caused a drunken riot in the very family sho had tried to help ! That poor young creature in widow's weeds, whose disconsolate appearance had drawn many pence and shillings into her apron as she sat, day, after day, on a doorstep !- for whom sho had felt so much pity, and had sought out with much trouble — was at home, a brisk, young wife, with a tall ne'er-do-well husband ; — how could they bo holped ? But then on tho other hand, there was that blind beggar, who said he would have died of his cholera attack but for tho hot brandy-and- water sho had prepared for him ; and that old frnit-seller in tho garret, who had been so thankful for her help when ill and near starving. And so Maude went on with her daily visiting, and delighted in arranging and distributing the much larger store of groceries and poor clothes which had been put at her disposal. ; During this time -a mendicant friar, bare headed and with sandalled feet, called at the door, nnd after asking various questions as to- the community, whether it was an active or a contemplative order, hogged its prayers for the speedy return of England into the body of the true Church. , Ono day an elderly sister arrived at Portlyle, who was employed in binding the Sarum Psalter as it came from tho printer's ; boards and paper, and various articles were to ho procured for .this, and Maude had an increase of work, It' happened to be very stormy weather, when, after being for many hours in the ' rain and getting thoroughly wot through, she was really ill ; and the sister, being alarmed at the feverish attack, called in a doctor, whose care, combined with a day or two of complete rest, quickly restored her. But the kind old sister told her afterwards that the Mother had reproved hor severely for calling in medical advice for so simple an ailment. But now the seeno was again to change : the Superior and Sister Ursula returned to Portlyle, and Maude was despatched suddenly to another branch' of the sisterhood, of the existence of which slio had nover even heard. The Mother told her she was sending her to join a lay sister, ' Susan,' who had unavoidably been left too long alone. She was to go and comfort her. ' And may all holy angels bo with you, my precious child,' said the Mother at parting; ' and may St. Raphael go with you.' CHAPTER X. THE SCENE CHANCES. Maude was now en route to Greenshaw. It was a place entirely unknown to her, and owing to cross trains, she was obliged to make it a two days' journey. Tho sisters always travelled second class, except when with the Superior ; and on this occasion the carriage in whioh she was, being hooked unevenly, the jolting from side to side was at one time most alarming, and she fully anticipated an accident. An old gentleman in the same compartment declared he waa almost killed, and was quite angry with her for taking tho wholo thing in so passive a spirit. At last, shaken and weary, she reached the station nearest Greenshaw, and, finding a boy to act as hor guide and carry her box, after a long walk she came to Fir Cottage, which was tho name of the Sisters' house. The little garden in front was filled with large wooden crates, containing carved oak stalls, which had arrived from London to furnish the Oratory ; but, as Susan afterwards told her, they were too largo to get into the house, so she had to leave thorn outside — she could see the ' beautiful carving through the bars ' — and re gretted much that they should bo left thero, but the Superior had, as yet, sent no order about them. Making hor way through these cumbrous packages, she dismissed the boy, and entered the little dwelling-house. She was greeted by the serving sister in a frantic burst of feeling, which for the moment alarmed her. ' 0 Sister Maude, you are like an angel from heaven 1 I am going mad here, left alone all this time with those horrid rats. I'm nearly out of my mind ; I told the Mother I should go mad. ' And so, between laughing and crying and embracing Maudo, poor Susan gave Yent to her -feelings. Susan was a good, honest, warm-hearted girl, who had entered tho sisterhood against her father's wishes, misled by her self-will, igno rance and perverted conscience, as well as by her implicit trust in her spiritual guides. She often spoko of hor father, to whom she was devotedly attached, and regretted his decided ' opposition to the _ 1 ' religious life. ' She had now been left Bomo time completely alono, and tho house, being an old one, was infested with rats, which were her most especial dread and aversion. Maude laughed at her descriptions, and rallied her on her fears. Had she told the mother ? ' Ob, yes,' she had written again and again, and had not received an answer — no, not so much as a word, till she had a few lines to say that Sister Maudo was coming to comfort her. 1 Indeed,' added tho poor.girl, '.I would not have stayed here any longer alone, and that I told the Mother. Nothing to ,do, and living with those horrible rats ! , 'Let us go and soe .the .rooms,' said Maude. ' Whero is the Oratory ?' ,i . ' Oh, su?h a lovely Oratory 1 Sister Mary arranged it. Hero, upstairs.' .. . ; Maude followed, and entered in silence and with a low reverence the ' picturesque little Oratory, with a pretty painted window at ono end, and a decorated altar at the other, the walls hung with groen cloth, a earpot and faldv stools of tne same cloth, beautifully made. After holding thoir canonical service, they went over tho rest of the house. A room pre pared for the Superior was the only ono furnished, and that was hung with white and coloured glazed calico, as at Portlyle. The two bcdrooui3 higher up were tho same as at Wiggins Court — a mat trass on the ground, and all eJso in character — but it looked clean and nice ; aud Susan exultingly exclaimed, ' They don't get up hero, the horrid creatures !' ' Whero are these rats ?' said Maude, smiling. ' Oh, all over downstairs. Wait, wo must take a stick, and I'll go first,' continued Susan, as they descended to tho kitchen, with heavy rappings on the stair. It was a miserablo littlo, dark kitchen, with a large fireplace. Some five or six rats scudded away as they entered, and ensconced themselves iu soveral holes near the grate. 'Why, Susan, you should have had these holes stopped.' ' Oh, it's of no use, they'd make them again to-morrow. Tho man came and said it was no use. He said it was a complete rat-warren, and he wouldn't live hero for any money." However, Maudo had the rat-catcher agaiu, and the holes stopped ; and, fortunately, haviug no fears herself, took tho initiative with the stick ; but tho rat3 seemed to know it was not meant to bo used, for they would put their heads out of the holes cveu when Maude. held it within an inch of them. ' Oh, Sister Maude, take care, he'll ily at you !' was always poor Susan's exelamation ; and, certainly, they did look rather formidable in the morning, when, scrambling out over the scattered contents of the baskets of apples and potatoes, they made For their holes. There was a small orchard gardon at the back of the house all wild and unkept, but yielding a good , supply of apples and a few potatoes, which latter Susan dug up with a fire- shovel. . Maude's rule of work was quite changed— no visiting, no stores to distribute. Her time was taken up with copying tbo ' Rules ' for one of tho Oratories, ih old English type, , and tho Daily Offices for tlio Order of tho Holy Ghost for her own Psalter. This, with the canonical hours and morning and -evening service in church, filled up her day. Susan -did tho house work, and waged fa perpetual war even in silence with tho rats. Tho church to which they went was in a neighbouring parish, but they did not know the clergyman. He called onco to invite them to a school-feast. Maude stood on tho threshold ; Bha thanked him, but declined the invitation, and, as she shut the door, sho thought how un- courteous it was not to have asked him to come iu, but it was against rule to admit any one within the doors. Maudo had now, over her quiet copying, much time for a mental review of many things which Mother Angelica was doing. Sho re membered tho budges the Superior had shown her lately for tho three Orders sho had insti tuted. Each Order had a gilt triangle, and suspended to it, for tho Order of the Sacred Heart, was a large red heart with a gilt arrow through it. Maude had thought at tho time that it . was a far too largo and badly executed emblem, and had, in fact, quite disliked it. The three Orders, all hound tagethor in the Triangle, symbolised theTrinity by their badges. The Order to which sho belonged was especially dedicated to the Holy Spirit, aud round her neck inside her dre3S, waB tho triangle and cross the Mothor had given her. The cross was of motal, blacx, with silver dove with outstretched wings engraven on it. Maude felt sometimes perplexed with tho multiplicity of 'Rulos,' and 'Orders,' and varieties of work which the Superior seemed to make and unmake, to set going and to stop, all 1 u wi at her own individual will. She was sincerely- attached to Mother Angelica, and looked back: on much happy work, but, mingled with thity were many recollections which perplexed her — many things which at the time bad made very- little impression on her from the hurry of her- bnsy life, now came back to hor remembrance. Often she was baffied in her efforts to reconcile- cerfcain incongruities and inconsistencies of practice which recurred to her memory in theBe- quiet hours with singular clearness. The codo of laws drawn. up by the Superior- had providoil against these mental protests' with adnurablo worldly wisdom, by ordoring the' sisters to banish from their minds any question ings as to the wisdom of any command given1 them, and reminding them that if they failed in- this they failed to resist a temptation of the- devil. But notwithstanding these admonitions, Maude found herself almost involuntarily re volving in her mind the question, whether this- or that which Mother Angelica had ordered waB- really the right thing ? Was' anything contrary to the dictates of common sense, nob to Bay humano consideration, to bo really looked upon as God's will? She remembered tho events at Portlyle, the bringiug Lilla and Emily,' both in so nervous and excited .a state, to Wiggins Court; poor- Emily's delirium and flight ; that terrible night- when the Mother had sent them back to sleep in the littlo house, and the people outside had so- disturbed and frightened tbem : was all this; wise in the mother ? Then tho asceticism of ' Child' Eldred— though- there was nothing in the Rules, nor even in that-- of Holy poverty, to indicate suoh a vow of self- abnegation, jet tho mothor had approved of ; it; and she remembered how, when she first- came to 'Westonbury, sho had been' taken to task for being too particular about washing her hands,— was it necessary to be so utterly neglectful of one self to please God? there must, be something which she could not see of holiness in it. . . Then this Psalter, in which she was writing,, how much poor ' Child Freda ' had suffered iu preparing it for the press I being a novice of tho Sacred Heart, lier work was principally in-doors.. Maudo recalled to her memory the time when Freda was all tho day long employed in this work, copying out, cutting out and pasting in tho English Psalms, following the translations from tho Latin, which Sister Hilda gavo her. Maude remembered the room where 'Child Freda ' sat, patientlybouding over her work, till aft - last she would start np with tho feeling of a- sudden rush of blood to hot- head, or with a- sharp p.- i-.i in tho chest, aud almost cry ; ihen she would quickly recover herself, and try, with- much uncomplaining cheerfulness, to smile away her tears, and resume hor weary task. Could it be right to have kept her so shut tip from all air and exercise, with scarcely ait interval of rest, even granting that she was so devoted to tho Superior that sho never murmured? Poor Freda ! sho was a fair gentle girl, with a young round face and a winning smile, — sho was so humblo and simple ; and Maudo remembered that when she was sent to Portlyle on ono occasion, sho found that Freda, who had been left in Wiggins Court for some days alono, had each day taken iu tho same amount of broad as- when several sisters woro together, so that sho was surrounded with stale loaves. She was so- obedient to her rule that sho never presumed to judge for herself as to what ought to he dono. Then as to fasting : some of the Bisters had. observed the regular fasts with a severity which manifestly injured their health ; but was it true that suffering in itself had something purifying and sauotifying, and was acceptable to God? Sho remembered hearing Sister Monica one day in the recreation-room describe tlie sufferings of a poor woman with a frightfully swelled arm, with whom she had been sitting up the night before. After speaking of tlio agony this poor creature endured, Monica had added : ' Who can doubt that there must ba a purgatory to expiate sin? how much this poor woman must havo needed expiatory suffering, and those who do not go through what sho did in life must surely havo to undergo tlie purifying after death.' Maude never believed in purgatory, yet sho had a kind of beliof in tho efficacy of mere suffering, and she had often detected in herself the ascetic spirit, which could exult in self- - mortification as a supposed sign of saintliness, the eating dry bread, to take hor dinner to some poor person, tlio going without this or that necessary to give it away, and such-like small austerities, which she found pleasure in practising when alono at Portlyle. But if voluntary mortification helped to make a soul, acceptable to God, where could "anyone, stop? From Holy Poverty, self-abnogation like- Eldred's privation of food and rest, it was an. easy step to tho self-inflicted tortures- of the. Hindoos. Could theso be pleasing in God's- sight? Was pain, a3 such, acceptable to Him ? If- so; reasoned Maudo, tlio poor Hindoo-, fanatic might not be far wrong — perhaps ho had caught hold of tho same grand truth, which must . be involved in the ascetic principle — and that- his Bolf- ahncgation did really render- him acceptable to God ? Who knows if thoso countless widows, ago - after age burning on thoir husband's funeral piles, were not really winning their way heavenward ? For thousands of years this ascetic principle had. . been developed in heathenism, could it bo tho sameprinciple whicliin theOhristiauera had been working in the religious lifo ? That worshipper- of Juggernaut tearing himself frantically from his friends to throw himself under tho wheels of his idol-ear — and tliatholy saint, stopping over her husband and children's prostrate beseeching- forms, to enter tho convent gato — was it tho same spirit animating them ? Beliof in the- virtue of self-abnegation was the constraining motive : each was offeriug what was thought to be acceptable to tho Being worshipped. True, one was sacrificing to an idol, tho other to God; but was tho principle the same? ( To la Continued.) . Many years afterwards she learned that poor Freda had caught cold from wearing hoots which lot in water, and died of consumption, sadly neglected to the last. An extraordinary phenomenon occurred on 26th April. A shower of fine red dust suddenly fell on the deck of the Ohina, when about 250 miles off the Bapaiz coast. 