GENERAL EPITOME Tins 11.15 p.m. tram from BriBbano, which by notification dated August 26, was altered to 11.45 p.m., is announced to depart and run aa in tho original timo table. THE SUEZ MAIL.-Tho P. and 0. B. M. 8 Tanjoro, with tho incoming ranile, arrivod'off Glenelg on Monday. Sho brings the English mails of August 2nd wV? Brindisi. . THE SUEZ MAIL SEBVICE.-WO learn that tho Government have deeidod to await further information before expressing, any decided opinion regarding tho proposals by the English Postal Department to forward tho Suez inails by way of BrindiBi only, and at an incroaaed rato of postage, instead of, as at present by w/>y of that port or of Southampton, at'tho option of tho sender. ." NEW INSOLVENT.?-At tho Suprome Court on Monday, in Chambers, before his Honour Mr. Justice Harding, Henry Phillip Hughes, of Ipswich, clergyman and schoolmaster, was adjudicated insolvent on his own petition in forma pauperis. First mooting to bo hold on the 17th instant; statement to b&filod; on the loth. -On Wednesday Dunbar Henry Barton' of Brisbane,'has been adjudicated insolvent, in forma pauper is; first meeting of creditors fixed for the 18th instant.-Georgo Barnsly Shaw of Rockhnmpton, commission agent, has also been adjudicated insolvent; first meeting fixed for tho 24th instant. GOVBENMKNT TENDERS, - Tenders wera opened on Friday week at tho Works Office as undor:-For extension of water mains, &c.;, Parliament Buildings: H. Wakefield; £97, with twelvo 2-inch valves £24 extra, two weeks; P. -Fleming, £117 10a.', four weeks. At the Railway Office-for offieq and shelter sheds, Redbank: Humphrey and Deadman, £56 10s., three weeks ; W. Crookbaio, £83 10s., Beven weeks; C. Whiting, £73 10s., twenty-four days; F. Burgess, £77, six weeks; T. Neville, £139, two months; M'Gregor and Brown, £57, seven weeks; Wooley and. Whitehead, £65, three weeks; E. GiUingwater, £49 Ids., three weeks; Stewart and Wyman, £G6 10s., fivo weeks. The' following tenders woro opened on Wednea« day:-For forming approach to new fever ward, Brisbane Hospital - H. Young and Thomas Vincent (2 months), £56; Edward Murphy (no timo), £75; Peter Bay (6 weeks), £57; -Robort Steel (5 weeks), £95; James I Johnston (G weeks), £99; James NiohoU (2 j months), £138; A. 0. Kuight (8 weeks), £80.; j EXAMINATION Oy TOLUNTUBU OPFICBBS.--» Tho first of tho examinations of Volunteer, i Officers was hold on Friday week at tho Rifle Armoury. Majors Snelling and Mooro and , Captain M'Calluni forming tho oxaminiog | board. Tho following officers attended for. ! examination:-CaptainB Mein, Nowman, and' j Skinner, and Lieutenants Chapman, Harris,' Hobbs, Hutton, Oxonbould, Thorn, Thynrie, Byrno (clect), and Gartsido (elect). Tho foil ow ing officer? and candidates for promotion have presented themselves for examination to the' boards of examiners for tho Artillefy and Infan* tryCaptains Webb, Bernard, Newman, Meio, and Skinner; Lieutonants J. Bourne, A. E.. Douglas, Hutton, Thynuo, Chapman, Harris,: Oxonbould Hobbs, Thorn, Crompton, Cross, WilkinB, Mills, Byrno (elect), Gartsido (eleot), Sergeant, Vincent, and private W. Stevens. Newman Captain and Lieutonants Harris and Hutton havo gono through tho oxamination for tho ranjr of infantry captain. The Wkahzek in AUGUST.-The Govern, menfc Meteorological Observer reports of th? weather during tho past month ub follows:-. Tho weather was warmor tliau usual during tho month, tho meanshado tempernturo, G2,9degs.l, boing 1*1 dog. ovor tho average of this month for tho previous ton years, and 0*6 dep. under tho provious threo years. Tho highest read ing in ahado, 83*0 dogs., was" on the. 31st; the lowest on grass, 42*0 degs., was on the morning of tho 8th. The highest barometric reading, 30*381 inches, was at 9 p.m. on tho 19th, and tho lowest, 29 762 inches, at 3 p.m. on tho 13th. Tho mean ba rometric reading, 30 095, inehes was *043 inch lowor than the avorugo of tho month. Rain fell on sixteen days; tho total fall, 14*67 inohea being 13*68 inches. over tho average of the month for tho previoUK ton years, and 13*72, inehes ovpr tho previous threo years. The greatest fidl iu twonty-fonr hours, 4-84 inohes, was on tho 28th. The total amount of rainfall during tho year 1879, to31ut August, was 53*11 inchca, on 117 days. Qubknsland Biflb Adsociation.-Tho usual monthly meeting of tho council of this associa tion was hold on Monday. Lieut. Chapman was appointed secretary for thcon«uingyear,'atjdMr. Burrell chairman of tho council. A telegram was received from Mr. Ifoskctt, secretary of tho N. S. W. JiiHc Association, stilting that it had been definitely agreed that tho Henry ri/loonly should bo used in tho forthcoming International Military Weapon Match in Syilnoy. A sub committee was appointed to draft regulations for the selection of a team to procced iot'ydnoy to compote in the International match. It was agreed that this mutter should bo fully dealt with at a special meeting of tho council, to bo held on the 17th instant, by which timer it is hoped that definite information with regard to thoapplication to the Now South Wales Govern-' inent for tho loan of ,cHenry" rifles to tho Queensland team will havo been Tccoivcd. After tho transaction of somo formal business, tbo meeting separated, Tjib HO-H'ITAL,-Tho usual fortnightly meet ing of the hospital committee was hold on Tues day afternoon, tho following members being* priiHont:-Messrs. Drew (in thqdw**^ .®rft,n" *«2-^*T3^7^'uthrio, and RalE. (Tn'CnTrmotion of Mr. 1'itmoyitwas decided that tho collector should bo intitructcd to deliver copies of a circular letter to tho lead ing residents in tho district with tho object of inereahing tho number of subscribers. Ac counts amounting to .£355 v c*o passed for pay ment, and tho lucctir-'g then separated. . QUEENSLAND RIFLE ASSOCIATION.- Hie shoot ing for tho Brisbane Cup and the Consolation Prize, in connection with the lato riflo meeting of the Association, will take place to-day. Sui'KEitB COUHT.-Mr. Hartley Tudor Prico was yesterday admitted as a barrister of the Supremo Court, and Messrs. .William Cottain and,William Honry Osborne wero admitted as . attorneys and solicitors of the Court. BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.-The report of the Benevolent Asylum at Dunwicb, for tho week ending tho 20th ultimo, shows that on that day there wero 173 males and 24. females in the institution. No deaths occurred. Tho superin tendent acknowledges with thanks tho receipt, for the use of the inmates, of parcels of he . fi papors forwarded by Mr. Arthur Martin and Mr. Newman Wilson. ' THB* CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.-A party of amateurs calling themselves tho " Mammoth Christy Minstrels " gave an entertainment at the old School of Arts on Monday in aid of the funds of tho Children's Hospital. Tho hall was crowded, and the funds of tho hospital will receive a substantial addition. The pro gramme embraced the songs, danccs, and bits of, fun incidental to niggor entertainments, at-d each item waB very well executed, some of the songs being admirably rendered. Tho corner men succeeded in getting mauy a lau^h out of tho audienco. Amongst tho songs given were 41 Kiss me to sleop" and " Sweet chiming bolls," which are woll worthy of notice, aud which wero greatly appreciated!1 Two farces occurred at the end of tho'^ntcrtaiumcnt. That entitled "M'Guffin's, Ghost" was well played, but owing to its staleness did not Boem to "take;" and tho'other, " Tho Dra« Difttic Agency," fully deserved its designation of 11 screaming." \- QUEENSLAND CHICKET ASSOCIATION.-A meet of tho delegates of this association was held on Wednesday at Simmondts' Cafe Royal, when there were present, Messrs. G-. Prentice (in the chair), E. Banbury, G. Down, R. Dixon, A. Forbes, S. J: Byrne, N. Hartley, J. Neeaon, JV Lloyd,H. Sweatman, and H.'Banbury (score, tary). A lotter was read from the Milton Cricket Club, appointing Mr. H. Sweatman as their delegate in the room"of Mr. D. G. Forbes; also, one from the Civil Service Athletic Club, asking when the grounds would be ready for practice. . Dr. Parker's 'resignation as honourary treasurer was read, and it was. decided to request that gentleman to retain the office" until after the annual meeting/ The Grounds Committee's report was read, and tho following gentlemen were appointed a sub committee to mark out a match wickct in the Queen's Park, also to mark out practico wickets: -Messrs. J. O. Bourne, H. Banbury, S. J. Byrne, C. Gardiner, J. Lloyd, and H. Sweat man. v Tho Grounds Committee were requested to, apply to tho Minister for Lands for the money remaining from, tho vote: of £100 granted last year for the improvement of the recreation ground in the Queen's *Park» A sub committee was appointed to mako arrange ments for the annual meeting, and the meeting ' closed with a voto of thanks to the chairman. QUEENSLAND CIVIL SERVICE ATHLETIC CLTTH. -A well-attended meeting of the members of this club was hold, on Tuesday night at the Queen's Hotel. Mr. R. H. Lawson occupied the chair.. Soveral new members were onrolled, and the subcommittee appointed at the last meoting brought up a code of rules which, with a few Blight alterations, wero adopted.' Tho rules are arranged on a very liberal basis. The subscription is only £1 per annum, and the various objects of tho club embrace crickot, football, and, if tho funds admit, a gymnasium a desideratum which has been long felt in Brisbano, and it is also in. contemplation to include quoits, croquet, and lawn tonnis. The club is to consist of Civil Servants in the widest sense of tho term, namely of all persons receiving remuneration from tho Government. Provision is mado for tho admission of persons, not Civil Servants, as honorary members, who will bo entitled to nil the privileges of members except the right to play in club niatchcs, or to tako part in'tho conduct of its affairs. There is also a provision to admit members of other' athletic clubs who moy bo visiting Brisbano to tho privilege of honorary members for a period of two months without payment. Mr. R. II. . Lawson was elected honorary'trcrisuror, and tho followiuff gontleinen wero appointed a com mittee of management: Messrs. liobbs, Bourne, Taylor, Kent, Lea, Scott, .Kennedy, 1'arroll, . Suinmorson, and Eaton. It was'arranged to commence practico early noxt week. 