NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events: —Catholic demonstration at the Bungaree Junction; aborigines’ concert at the Mechanics’ Institute; meeting of Riponshire Council; meeting of Sebastopol Council; nominations for Mining Board. We are informed that Mr Robert Ross, reoently. oorrespondent of the City Board of Advice, has been'- appointed head master of the Macarthur street night; ’ 'school. Mr Ross resigned ■ his position as correspon dent to take that of master, much to the astonish ment of his colleagues, and we are quite sure that the public will read the announcement of the appoint ment with at least equal astonishment. This may: safely be regarded as another example of the ring business, to which, we referred some'time ago, and as another proof of the recklessness of :the Ministry in. rewarding its ardent supporters. Truly,; school matters are going rapidly from had to worse, and the ill effects of placing such .patronage iuthe hands of:U' Ministry are being strikingly demonstrated. A commanding .officer’s parade took place on Wed nesday Major Sleep being in command of the. volunteers assembled." The* attendance was good. Previous.to the parade the prizes won by the Ballarat;- representatives at the late rifle matches in Melbourne were handed over to the successful shots, the pre sentations being accompanied with a few words of commendation from-the commanding officer. A large number of recruits put in an appearance at the.drill ruom, an evident intention being.. shown to '.qualify themselves for the Raster encampment at Queenscliff. ••• A fire broke • out , at the residence of the Rey. Mr Kennedy, at the intersection, of; Armstrongarid Clar endon streets,, at about half-past,3 o’clock on Wednes day morning.". The flamea were :’first observed by 'three or four. gentlemen: connected with' this, office; who were, on their way, home at the time. ' No time was lost in ‘ arousing the-i■irimfltes. ’of 'the burning house, who, together with' alarm, 'lost notime in fighting the . fire until further, assist-: anoeUame to hand. All worked with'a will in-staying" • the .program"; of";the,flames*’ and : 'when the fire brigade members came, on the.sceneimatters were.'soon put, nght./ At one time the-‘qbaff-cutting millsibfc Messrs Williams and "Gray were threatehed 1 Ji and : had-'there -been any wind 1 blowingat .the.time nothing could; 1 Ijaye : As it wfls ; the" fire yyaa cqqfined; tq. the outhouse premises of Mr Kenn^T’ the main buildings owing to tha * te %. put, forth being saved. The pre'S^ l small, and the question not mmainJii «. at half-past 3 o'clock in the £ o! the Gong Gong was not available I ifSNa mornings pressure represented the fall fHi able something must be wrong. lotC{ »>§ To-day is the twenty-eighth anniversary , Thursday, and considering the large niinS ■ flresj we miy tdirly say that the ddy thS'u' up its evil reputatidS; yeerHi*^ A correspondent wishes to know how •, ,Mr_CavpBier_waB_agpqinted truant insueetn headsof so many other parson*; "We% fathom the mysteries of many recent anS connection with school matters, but s' 'correspondents profess to'know all about thsV* • The funeral-of the late John Cotter c police, took’ place on Wednesday, and by adarge number of friends of deceased i , as mahy.pf 'the members of the police for be spared from duty. ‘ The ‘remains wet« the .Old : Cemetery, the Rev. Rather ColL , at the grave, and Mr Atkina undertaken th» arrangements'. ■ B ® moi liisj -.“ Take him in charge, guard, take him in i he’s swindled me.” They had been olavioe nv “S carriage of the Stawell to Ballarat train on night, and the aggrieved party had transferred shilling ere-Ballarat was reached. Constable waa aboutj and the offending, card-plajerS' “ Gome out of that, and dome along with b ” did not quite relish, though he apparently Mi iaed his position. - It was clearly a case of police court. * O’Qrady was firm, so was the v- “ party, and for ..that matter so was the^I'^ 1 '^ “ Here, take it out of that,” said the latter a roll of bank notes. O’Grady compassed thesT? and withdrew as the poker players settled their ences. - But Why do foolish fellows indulce in” 55 ' playing with strange fellow-travellers in nif 11 carriages ? If people are fools enough to gambW,? “ road," or indeed elsewhere, there is little felt for them. Card-playing, dice-throwing''SjH “..little games’, am becoming a perfect nuh at „ some of our railway lines, and if sharpers are on i? look-out for fools, the latter are plentiful. ° The'monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horlimlt., Society, was held iq the Mechanics’ Institni Wednesday night, Mr J. Nicholla in the chair. P-L® —Messrs Reid, Newman, Wood, Taylor, Ross' if Campbell, Higgins, and Hogan. Letters were S and. received from the Secretary for Agriculture k the secretary of the Melbourne International EA? tion, also from Mr Charles Sparks. Several acc ZT were passed for payment. The new books At magazines just arrived can be seen on applicator the- secretary at the Alfred-hall. Exhibits:—Btj IT. Nicholls and Go.—3 apples, Duchess of (jy burg : (non-blighter), vary fine; cut flowers of pfe Monsieur Hugh Low, Neptune, Comtease ChanUi Madame Dornage, Delicatum, Madame Fbudi Madame Rendantler, very good; gladiolus calajj clianthus dampieri, commended. By A Ktm Orphan Asylum—Two varieties of apples, gUj Mundi and Dumelow’s Seedling, very (~, two varieties of plums. Prince Engelbert h Goliath, fine; three varieties of asters, good stnjj commended. By T. Wood—One apple, Grovenfe very good. By A..Y. Brewster—A nice colltctioad marigolds. A meeting of employees in the grocery trade vs held on Wednesday night at the Buck’s Head ta there being a-good attendance. The business olds meeting was to consider the advisability or others® of asking the employers to close their establishmmt at 6 p.m. daily and 10 p.m. on Saturdays. A genai! desire was evinced by those present to obtain tie concession, and it was finally resolved that a reqg£ tion be drawn up and presented to employer) h signature. Mr W. J.'- Gates was appointed to acta canvasser... Mr- Jones gave • a brief and concise a. planatiou for convening the meeting. Mr Eng bar; appointed! chairman; after a few remarks, referredb a letter which'appeared in a local paper of May IS/j, regarding early, closing,, and proved that emploja were' willing to close, hut that the movement Id through from inaction on the part of the parties cm cerned. After the general business of the meets; had transacted, a. committee was formed, consisth; of Messrs Woods, Jones, King, Aikins, Gray, Hjk,- and. sufficient funds were collected to carry ontth arrangement. A vote of thanks to the ckinm brought the meeting to a close.; Yesterday the heat was still most oppressive, with no - indication of a change, and judging from Its column of smoke rising up all round the hone, it seemed (hat there was & chain of fires in the bed districts around Ballarat. No particular loss of pra perty by tha conflagration was reported, hut it ira stated that hear the Junction soma stubble paddoch were on fire, and people exerting themselves to pn vent the spread of the flames to the pfopaij adjacent. There was a rumor that a lap quantity of fencing ..near the Green Hi had been destroyed, but the rumor may have hid ia origin,, in., the fact that the conflagration in that via baity was both extensive and terrific. Up till ahk hour no further nows was obtained. The. streetsd the city at midnight, however, were full of snd> borne in chiefly by a alight south-easterly' gale, id some of the citizens expressed themselves as afnidb close their establishments and retire to rest. Ih thermometer at the Survey-office reached a maxima of 104:3 in the shade. Mr Jefferson, of Fernshaw, has sent to this firjuj office three" pretty * specimens of spotted trout in the neighborhood. Mr Jefferson informs us ist during the last week a great many have been caojll with the fly, which they take very readily. Then* no doubt now that these fish are thoroughly acclino tised there. There .is a plague of grasshoppers in the Mod Qambier district. ■ Reports of bush fires are being received daily ho almost every part of the colony. The principal object of the Commissioner of Cc toms in his visit to Sydney, from which he retains by the Ly-ee-moon on Monday, was to endeavor a come to some arrangement with the New Sons Wales Government with regard to the abolition i the border duties. Mr Lalor while ia Sydney had n terviews with the leading members of the Minus! and submitted his views to them, but he was cam back to Melbourne on business before the negata tions had passed a preliminary stage. He will P® bably again visit Sydney to continue the negotiate personally, in about a week. There will shortly be a vacancy in the ofis® Agent-General (says th a Argus), as Sir Archibald Hit has announced that ha intends to return to the co o in the course of the next three months. < s; A meeting of the creditors in the estate o£ J. Noble and Cos. tcok place at their P'' enffi3 .j Tuesday afternoon, at 3 p.m. The chair was o«sp by Mr Cameron, of Jameron and Gibson, and _ were nearly all the creditors represented. ' long Times says :—‘ A statement of tha an read by Mr Harwood, who appeared on beta o Noble, which showed tha total liabilities to bai»-- Of this amount about £2450 are secured by &c.;, leaving an unaeiured balance of about - The assets, including stock, book debts, _ , estimated at £1533, leaving a deficiency of toil- ; offer was made by Mr Noble of 5s in the pou it ■able 3s at six mentis and the balance » ,| months. There was no guaranty, however, .| estate was assigned to Messrs Danby, and Cos.) and Bannister (of P. M D Cos.) for the benefit of the creditors." Messrs Langridge and Mirams addressed a of their constituents at tha Foresters-na , wood, on Tuesday evening. There wa .yg moderate attendance. Mr Langridge s P (says the- Argus J brief, and the ® o3 r , ce(l jjiii portion of it related to the work of the t - Commission, of which he is a member. i sion, it appears, were greitly disgusted at t j they met with in the Western District on visit. Mr Mirams spoke for an houi_ g quarters on politics generally, quoting S j, [copiously as usual, and be’ore the close 0 ' . nceo had succeeded in talking fully half the au the hall. _ . The Age states that Mr George °-o oet^ |. waited upon on Tuesday hy a number B members of the legal profession, who u g accept an appointment as a judge “ ,ta f Court. Mr Higinbotham, however, dec'a ! verse his former decision ot the bud] definite, .and would not be altered. t ReioiH The split in the camp if the ; Natw n “ , League is really assuming i “ OS JL I “ n3 finds l^ 1 and the. worst of it all is that Mr e 0 h selfrin no pleasant odor with j used to rule so despotically. One of _ ajunre have been preferred against him by leagitf*'! pied, the attention of the council on Tii«-f{ prolonged sitting held for that p_u P . esClai riight.'; The Press were, ot course, ng therefo re > from' their deliberations, and ,, w f. 'occurred. " in a position to publish ill a .. . t Le &K; (Telegraph) understand, however, B fF e ct tion given by Mr Yeomans was to sum of £4O, which he received from -u. was not given to him for thepurp J.P.ship for that gentleman, but was 'the ordinary way of business, and chats* .'s The council' who are investigating, four iri'number. Two ot them are 0 j jfrJ. is understood they lean towards Q c :,n d' mans. In their opinion that geu I other pvo (£, the exculpation of the league. 1 nn ite so l#e ,a men of the council are, however, n fflUS t pro' ■Before they are satisfied, Mr Yeo . o^e r 1 by'receipts, his bank-book, «• . . in rAftlltV to til 01 M u that the ri° ney Gerschen. It ia »* id !rii as such repaid to “ this; bat 1 Ottomans rather demurs “t. thera ta.no ib*£h° to place himself will find it 8 d‘. moul .. K J la n»g number of a ° a >oa the are riot clow to oddfesa A the league. «b°: • and hia secretarial B e S arc heartily sick of are told( be i ng made 1“!', .An endeavor is, w q£ disaBtrouB tm » “K"fW •.•pH* *■ “» !ahe hreseit juncture. ed Kyneton| ■ 4th Feb- the Leddon oroß3 ®?| and out and drunk, and fTctataof bee r rr ®d_ ooMtablea Hogan f h fje«b pattingthemen Z Gourdae made 1 look-up, which is only for the night m the Tr e n o£ the pMonera by lOfeut. lo fl y , e and .other buddings. llTput ic the , J°noU« authorities in not providing Jhe wcdoct of is the subject; of additional they had been warned that wOfld be retired when the rad wav wort 3 cofltn e nc e d- —“Respecting the disap- London Chartered Bank eearaace ot the Ua n and European Bank as &a; ii° m the itisto " e leirn that the numbera : Reported » sie 'l “u Monday last the manager re, were known, aod Jetter containing one of the miss caved an anonj® £5O to re plaoe the other one. jog coles for ~ s ®' in possession of definite infor- The hs” k '\°S expected, will clear up the whole matlon i P The circumstances under matter m a / taken we re as follow -.—The which the note3 ff . ”ded bv the teller to the ex pircel,seaH®“ din his presence, and the two top change cl « k -° { f taken off by the teller, and two Sydney £1 In a little while the exchange 0 4er3 gi«Bfc r ‘ h “j eralld ia£orme d him that the clerk came to tte Tho tel [ e r at once counted n»t« werefieredan error of £l, but the notes them, anddue 0 ” “ hB {orthwith reported the *» £ m the accountant. The mystery has occa “lritdeal of speculation m bank circles, Messrs O'Farrell and Son hold an important sale at Burrumbeet to-day, at 1 o'clock, of Mr David Draffin's farm property. Particulars appear in our auction column. A match will be played on the Eastern Oval on Fri- day, commencing at 11 o'clock, between the Ararat Mercantile CC and the second eleven of the B.C.C., who will be represented by the following players ’ thofflU A b n S ds P Bryant, Collins, Duffy. Ferguson, SaotGoode! Slater, Proctor, J. O’Connor, and M ThTlong-projected demonstration at the Junction, ■ -a „ the Roman Catholic schools of the district, i n “ d t ,L place to-day. and. judging from the nature U [(J?rraneemeots made for carrying out the affair 1 a comprehensive scale, the picnic is likely to be a rery great success. A picnic, however, seems to be a S which very inadequately describes the eort of 2ir contemplated. The programme provides for a harlin" match, horse racing, foot racing, bazaar, &c.;, i“ lh A in( i of twenty-sis performers, The proces rieiis to start from St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Start tot at hslf-psst 9 o’clock a.m. Vehicular aooom modatioo has been provided extensively, and those eUed in the management of the affair are very san gafne that it will be no ordinary success. Mr D. Bropby is general manager. Thelake Condah aborigines, now in Ballarat, and who are to give a musical entertainment this evening attheMechanics' Institute, were shown the lions on Wednesday, having been taken round Ballarat and in troduced to the sights best worth seeing. Our sable viators are, for the most part, young men and women, aid seem to possess strains of European blood rather than to represent the pure sons and daughters of a dusty race. All eeem intelligent, frank, and self possessed. We interviewed the visitors at their quarters, the Buck’s Head hotel, on Wednesday, and found them engaged in reading newspapers, indulging in parlor pastimes, and otherwise enjoying themselves. A chubby “white” baby was introduced to the assembled score of blacks, and was almost idolised by ths swarthy young ladies of the company, who in turn fondled and caressed the fat infant, whose pleasant prattle fully testified to the fact that he, at all events, enjoyed the rather novel situation. Our advertising columns this morning announce that to-morrow evening, at the Academy of Music, Mrs D'Arcy Read will take a complimentary benefit, ou which occasion the “ Ghost ” will be non est, and the company will appear in a new programme, con sisting of drama, a musical comedietta, dancing, &c.;, and as most of the company have never appeared in Ballarat in that form, the programme should attract a large audience, independent of the fact that the Ghost season in Ballarat has been anything but remunerative to Mr and Mrs Read, the principal cause being the extreme heat of the weather. Mr Read’s courtesy also in closing to-night to avoid clashing with the aboriginal entertainment at the Mechanics' will, no doubt, also assist in gaining a bumper house for this, the last of the company's stay here. D'Arcy Read's ghost did not “ walk the night ” on Wednesday, nor will the apparition appear again in Ballarat. The “ Ghost ” season has been a failure in Ballarat, and we believe Mr Read has made arrange ments to give a farewell entertainment of a dramatic character at the Academy on Thursday evening. 