JfOETHEEN' N-EWS. ? IMFOETANT MEEEENG AT COOKTOWN. CooxiWVH, Friday. A mofting took place hoie last evening fo?- the purpose- of obtaining an sspTcssion oi; publio ojotiod on the conduct of' the Govern ment in neglecting the listriotl : ' There was a largo attendance, and the utmo:b nnanimily prevailed. The principal ground oi complai it lay in thj-fact thut the Government have studiously ignored a acnes of r- solutions for warded a ehorb timo ago. r The resolutions in question requested tho ' Goreidment to erect a new hospital for the Cook distilct, «. powder magazine, and£a patent slip; also tadeepen the, Endeavour \Bivex and prevent its silting np; to proclaim a permanent quarantine station and erect the necessary buildings; hi -appoint an immigration board and a local coard of health ; to construct bridges and approaches lead' ig to the neighbouring settlements -r to thorougKy ? repair the roads to the gold fields:- One ol the resolutionarrecom* mended a railway be built from Cookbrwn to Byeratown, to bo subsequently carried in a north- westerly- direction towards FMmer. ?riUe, thence*' in a aouth-wc -terly direo tion to the- Golf, at about the?- 18th parallel of latitude-, and finally connecting Cooktown witb-tho Cloncti . y. Anotie^ieao lutiou u^ged that tie Cook tow a Municipal Council should'^bo. ow £SO,000 from tho- Go vernment for the construction of waterworks, and that £5,C00:shouU be placed on the esti mates as a g.anb for »ad purposes within the mv-'cipality. At yesterday's' meetbg Mr. Menzies moved, and Mr. B. Palmer seconded, a motion -which stated that the - northern combination was likely to be a failure, inasmuch aB thoro was no prospoct of lta-bejTig able to secure for the North a fair share o3 espeml!tu-e, ? \d urging upon the Government , to obtain a grant of at least half: a million'for tho Oook diatiict, ?which sum, it -was affirmed, statistics shewed to be due. This having been agreed to, ether resolutions of a'Similar tendency were adopted. Some discussion then took place as to the best route for the proposed railway, Mr. Wcleh, M. L. A., recommending a ]'ne direct to Jlay fcowa, 'nsfcead of the oao previously recom mended. Mr. Walsh also contended that the p iple should 3t:out a. prospecting paity ; but Mr. Semper argued that the district was too poor for this to bo done at tho people's expense audinsistcdthattheGoveramentshouldorgarise the suggest- d expedition. , A vote of thar 'a to the chairman brought the meeting to u eloie. S0CKHAM..0.V, Saturday. The Scottish- Prince and the Hazel wood have both sailed from.Keppol Bay for London. A concert was held yesterday evening in tho School of Arts for the benefit of i\o Catholic Building Fundi Tho Fitzroy Eow.'ig-Club havo advertised that thoy will.hold boat mcos on the Qu :n's Birthday. Thirteen xace3 have been an noiinc 1. ...'-, . The appeala-f or subscriptions to the Cavrroh of .England Building F.upd havo ,been res ponded to with g. eat lilierality. ^ The, Gavi!ttNoa._I|ia Excellency the Govcr-r no^ and Miss- Kennedy arrived iatowmbyi Bpdoial train at six o'clock..yesterday evening, from The Cottage, :Tpow_oomba, where they, have been residing for nearly five months, during which- t:me alterations have, been goiug on, at GoT«-jment House. Lady O'Connelt, who has bean tho guest of His Excellency and Misa Kennedy for a short ti ne, also rehv -ed; by the same train. ? Bisnoi-O!! NonTintitv Qukbms'' j. — Among the passengers by the YaraUa, Btoumor, whioh left Briabane to-day for Maokay, was the Eevereaidi Dr. Stmton, Bishop of Northern Queensland, who arrived hero yesterday by the Wentworth. ' '???''? ''' ' ' ' ' '?L ' QUBBN8LAKD At TJIE-PABI3 ExHIEWIOK. — With safe rence to theimedulB .won. byQueens Iarid nxhibitom ot-tho :Puri«' Exhibition, tho Colonial; Secretary , 'has informed the Cowicil of ths- National Association, '. who ; acted as. Commissioners for Queensland, that Sir Philip Owen has expressed- : an opinion that the gold medal will not be ready in Paria -until May neat; tho silver me'dala not before. July; the bronze medals not before September, and tho ?whole of the nwards, not before November or December. Thus upwards of twelve months will havo elapsed between the closing of the Paris Exhibition, and the issue of the prizes. MisoEt,LAnr\ — It iB notified! that tho Exhi bition bnilding aud grounds are open to en gagement on the Queen's Birthday, both for the day and ovoning, together or separately. — In our report of tho progress of the Handicap at the Brisbano Chess Club it was stated that Mr. Anderson lost two gameB to Mr. Potts. Tho reverse was the case. The report was supplied to us from tho most anthentio source, so that the error muBt have been a slip of the pen. — Special Evangelistio Services will behold under tho auBpioes of tho Baptist Association of Queensland at tho Valloy Churoh and Petrio Terrace Churoh in tho first week iu May, at the Waterworks Eoad Churoh the sooond week in May, Fortescue-street (Spring Hill) Churoh fourth week in May, and Wharf-street Church in June. — Mr. G. Burrall will preach in tho Gospel Hall, Ann-street, Ya'oy, to-morrow ovoning, at 7 o'clook, — At the Polios Court this morning two drunkards woro discharged.— The Bishop of Brisbane will proaoh at the Memorial Church to-morrow moutng.— There will be a churoh servioo in theTemporance Hull, JEdward-Btroot, tomorrow merr-ig and even'ug, i GoVBBMieirr Tenders.— Tho fbllowing ton data were opened Ayosterday afternoon ;»t tbo, Works Offio'o : — For now dining hall, I-un- wloh: John. Walters, £6G8, four months; A. Doorey and Son, iM9S, four months; 8: Eogefs, jgn:, £623 10s., fourtoeu weeks ; S-. Rogers and Son, £oi'i 15s., throe months ; Aw' Murphy, £51 0 and. £20 cartage, six months ; J. S. Martin, £G50, fouv mqntba ; N. B. Head land, £450, or ohumforbourd, £400, tiro months; J. Ii. Sanda, £-116 is., ilvo months; T. Wat son, £575 11b.; Soutball and' Tracey, £550, .four months ; E. Chapman, £528, four months. iNew wurd, IJunwioh : John Wnltors, £5G1 :10s., four months ; A. Dooioy nud Souj £429, four months; 3. Bogors, jun., £511 6s., four teenrweoks ; S. Rogers and Son, £613 weather boards, or £619 lfis., cbanifbrboards, three months ; A. Murphio,'£500, or with studs show ing outside £495 ;J.' S. Martin,. £460, threo months; N. B. Headland, £41'0- 5s., and £G0 for tiftin^ down old ' bb'tcliiigV ftta months; J. L. Saijfis £443' 10s.,and'£60cxtriv, five months; T. Wiitson, £414 4s., four monJhs j-.Saizthnll (ind Trscoy, £456, four months; E. Chapman, £473, four months. For lock-up, Bundaberg : A. Doorsy and Son, £443, four months ; S. Rogers,' fan., £452, fourteen .weoka Si' Rogers and Son, £427,. three, months; J. L- Sands, £4ib 103., ibr.-omonthBi. .',,, , AIvnioipj» . Counoii,.— The rogular fort nightly meeting of the Council- will takb-placo on Monday at 3'-p-.m. Eeports will be received from tho Finance and Improvement Committaesjana the following notices of motion will be dea&with.; By the Mayor— Relative to Ihe supply of metal. — By Aldcrmani Bainea, — ' That a culvert? bo erected across the- gully between Muin-ctrcet, Kangaroo Point) and Cairns-street, in the Shaf ston Estate, so esto give the- ratepayers ingress and ogress to their respective residences.' By Alderman M'Master, — 'That Martin-streolrbB : metalled with white metal.'' By tho Mayor,.— ' That the Legialaiive Committeebe requested to frame a by-law for causing- vacant building loto in the town to be sndosed where publio safety ia likely to bo endangered, in accordance with cliuiso 167 of the ILocal Government Act of .1873.' A speciul meeting of the Council will 'bo held at 4 p.m. on* the same day to rescind a resolution of the - Council passed on the 14th August, 1865, relati-re- to the level of Wharf street. . Stotoct Dbath. — The wife' of the man Qoekeri'1, who, a fe?1 months back was sen tenced at the Criminal' Court to threo years' im prisonment for the Qftoan-Btreet outrage, died vary saddenly, it is supposed this morning. Tbo woman was ailing for a-fow days prior to her deeease, and was reoeiying medical treat ment,, bot her illness 7?oa not considered to be ofra- serions nature. This morning, however, fha-waB found dead ii her bed. She leaves two vory young children unprovided for, who, we understand, will be taksn to the orphanage. 8otbem» CoTJiiT CiviiiSiiTiNQS. — These sit tings willbe held in the now Law Courts on Manil&jrliefoie; his HonoarMr. Justice L'Uey. Tho- following cases v/ill he ? heard : — Jury cases : — A. Godfrey v. William Hughes, £17' 10si ; R. Armour and Got v. W. Yonnger and Co., .£682 5b. 7d. ; WilHam Sroth v. W. H. Grcom, libel, £1,000 ; Thoa. .Davidson v. D. M'&tyro;, £171 2s. 5d. ; John Clnne v. Edward O'Donnelly, ejectment. Without juries — Jas. Sinolairv. Jas. Gillespie,. £100 and interest; ? Curator of Intntate Estst ?? i y. Edward Watts, action for money lent, fcr- delivery of a horse, and di'niases. CiBLTON's Ghost. — This entertainment will open-at the School of Artson tho 7th proximo. The- reputation of the performance is very aatis factavy, the tour through. .Adelaide, Sydney, Newcastle, &c;, having- been most successful. Grer.t astonishment has been universally ex pressed by the audiences who have witnossed tha astonishing illusions; produced. Thh Weatheb. — Yesterday fine weather pro-railed throughout tho colony, and it was also 5no in New South Wales and South Aus tralia-. In Victoria the aly was overcast. At Ctps-M6reton there was. a moderate sea run ning'. During the twenty-four hours ended at nine o'clook this morning a little rain fell at Brisbane, Cape Moreton,. and Toowoomba. The tomporature was a little lower than it was on .Y/ednesdity. At Brisbane tho greatest heat ?n the sun was 100 dega. -r :-\ tho Bhade, 77 , and tho lowest in the shade, 55. The createst heat in tho shade at Cape Moreton wat 69 degs. ; at Toowoombu, 65 5 .and at Warvi '.ck, 64 dogs. The Suoak Industuy.-at Maokav. — ^Itisa ploasing task for us at all times to chronicle, sound and substantial progress in tho sugar industry. The Yaralla, last Thursday, brought tho machinery and plant of a large vacuum, pan- consigned io ono of Wr oldest- and enter prising planters, Mr. JiE. D/mdsou, of the -Alexandra plantation. The open pan and 1 u V phyr process has hitherto- been in uso upon the ; above plantation, and', -we think Mr. Davidsso, ?h?4 acted wisely in improving his sugar fadtoz^r by. Ithe- introduction of the vacuum .pan p'rpcess; ,'which upon Te Kowaii and the River Estate has produced whito sugars almost equal to crystals, and earned aiiaaoofor Maokay sugju-a ; goierally that will not be easily obliterated. 'We h6pe that : Mr. Davidson's example dad eonfidenoein the diotriot will bo adopted b^ tho' other planters, whom we must Bay, as a sule, are always leady to receivo progressive ideas for the interests of themselves as well as fox the advancement of this portion of the' colony. Vacuum pan made sugars in tho Southetmmar kets for the past season have obtained an^excel lent figure, and the Mackay agents hone not been able to supply, the doinaud. Tha- A'ex andra plantation had a splendid' crop last year. This seaBon it looks most promising, and a heavy crushing nay be expected. Liet year the Otninatio, Cakdoniun, Eibbon, and Black Java canes grow- to great perfection upon this estute. Wo went through a field of Ribbon eatio, which for health, growth, thickness of cane, and weight was astonishing. The juice was easily manipulated through the mill, and produced an sxcellent Bugar by ihe open pan process. This year the Alexandra crop of the above canes, and also the Meora and Rose Bamboo, is all that can be desired, reflecting 'much credit upon tlie mdnageineat. Tho young plants everywhere had a good start, \vero well advanced ia' growth beforo ths rain fell, and aro how fros from disease and in a fair way to stand tho lost of tho growing mouths. Mr. Davidson has considerably enlarged his area of oultlvatioa by about 130 acres, which is being plantod for next year's orop. Wo wish1 tho proprietor of this excellent estatu every success with luu. now improvements, and hope lip will produce a sugar equal to aay iu the district, — Maclitfj Mercury. ' ' STBiuoB Coinoidehoe. — It is an ' astonishing fact that smokers who once sinoko tho cele brated club mixture -will use no other. It can be had genuino from G. Prentice, tobacconist, Ad ward-street. — [Advt.] ? ...,? A London newsboy, having recently strayed into Surrey, was brought before a magistrate on some potty charge ' Where do you live ?'? asked tho magistrate. 'With mother,' said the boy. ' Where does sho live ?' ' With father?1' ' Whero does ho livef' 'At homo.' 'Whero is their home?' 'That's whero I'm from,' replied tbo boy, wiuldng at tho magistrate. Tho young roguo was told to ' go back there,' for that wus all that could bo done uf ter searching Blaokstone for three hours. By an accident at a Santa Cruz hotel an empty obampagno bofctlo waa placed on a guest's table. Af tor examining it carefully, turning it round and round and upsido down, he turned to the waiter with an expression of great disgust, and said. ' I did not order 'Extra DrT.1' ; ,-':;.!.::..':.;'^;1-. 