A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. [From the JDulb'j Despatch of July 4 J A man named James.Monfcgomery, on bail for horsestealing, who was being escorted to Ooo namble by Constable Brown,of Cur ban, was shot - ' on 1st July whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles from Coonamble he tried to induce the constable to promise not to give certain evidence against him, and on Brown re fusing the prisoner suddenly struck him twice - on the back of the neck with a stick, saying, "Then tak6 that,you— Brown,who was taken unawares, was stunned for a moment by the unlooked-for actack—so ninch so that he nearly fell out of his saddle. As soon as Mont gomery had struck Brown he galloped into the . scrnb. Brewninafewmomentsrecoveredhiscon Eciousness,and saw about 130 yards off prisoner and his horse oh the ground, both in the act of rising. The horse, it appeared afterwards, had, while galleping, put his fore feet into a hole and fallen down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner * in this plight, rushed up to him, and covering him with his-revolver, called upon him to stand, at the same time ordering Humphries, the. prosecutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's horse. He did so, ana was next- • -• told by Brown (who had prisoner still covered with the revolver) to put the handcuffs -on Montgomeiy. As socn as the prisoner heard the purport of the order, he swore he would not allow himself to be handcuffed,, and that ho would kill the pair of them if they at tempted to do so. Humphries naturally was frightened to approach him, as he fully believed prisoner, being then a desperate man, would attempt to carry his violent threats into execu tion. Noticing Humphries' indecision, Mont gomery turned to Browu and said, "Let me - ? get on the horse and I'll go. quietly with you to CoonambJe. I came with you quietly all day, and I'll go the rest of the way with you quietly, but I won't have the handcuffs on." Brown re plied, ""Well, get on your horse, and give me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horse, Biown returned his ' revolver to his holster,: -• and as he did so Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Oastlereagh. The trooper (who had the handcuffs in his hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he saugont, " Catch me now, you , if you can." Brown. drew his revolver and weut in pursuit, calling, on prisoner to stand or he would certainly shook him. The escapee took no notice, beyond turn ing round in his saddle aud laughing at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Montgomery—to show him that his threats were not empty ones—fired two shots over his head; hat they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued still to gallop away. He went down the. bank of the Oastlereagh, followed by Brown. The trooper's horse here ran hiru against a tree and knocked him out of the saddle. Brown jumped-to his'feet immediately, and again, called on the pri soner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, tbok deliberate aim aud fired. Montgomery sang. out,.." Oh, Holy Ghost; yoit shot me," but he did not seem to the trooper as. if he had been struck. Brown now mounted, his horse, aud resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand, aud again firing over, his head, in the hope that fear would induce him 'ta surrender. Montgomery, however, was not ta he intimidated—he continued his course, singing out as the shot was fired, " That's two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can." Brown, ; finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as he did so, yelled out, " That's three," pulled up his horse, and dia mcuuted. Brown rode up to him, aud not. thinking ho was hit—for in the dusk it wan impossible to see if his shots had taken effect— he again called apon him to surrender, and. Montgomery said, "Tve had enough—you hava shot me three times. I'm killed—I'm killed 1" He then stepped away, a pace from his horse. ~ and fell backwards down the hank. The con stable got off his horse, lifted the man's, head upt,:. the bank of the stream, got some, water, batheav-.. - bis face, and told Humphries (who about this time rejoined him) to ride in hastily' to Ooo-: namble for a doctor and a spriug-oarb, as ha believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went as desired, and Montgomery, who never spoka again, continued to breathe-lor about ten minutes, and then expired. At the inquest held the Jury returned a verdict of justifiable , homicide. - - 