! ! THE BEACONSFIELD, BRIGHT AND / CLA0ST0HE CARTOONS- ; "sATyiii'AYKEvrnwl THb "Professor at tlio Breakfast-table say. t)iat each of us eontuins ' three .persons. There is tlie-real inan, as die is -known only to 'his. Maker ; tlicro is thbiman's ideal self, as it an- ; pears to'lrim ; ititdrtliere:.is 'the self as cod ed 'df by -his ' ucighhors. Tho cartoons from Punch in which tlie careers of three statesmen are illustrateil d'aplay tlie third — the conven tional— view ofLord Beaoonsfield, Mr.Tllad- i stone and' Mr. John "Bright. It is tho busi ness of Punch to -see' those politicians, not as partisans see them, but as the British publiia regards .themrriu -xto-motUa. temporal in those genial hours wheit inlets lts voxed conscsonwieiM play freely. If Punch' were a partisan print, ; each of tlioge distinguished .persons woiihl in turn Jiave. beeh drav/ii with . horns and a >tail. Mr.' Glads tone/ to a very large and respectable Section of 'Iris fellow-countrymen, lias long seemed no better tiiari on unchained powor of . evil, . " a wind;" td quote a prolific Scotch poet, ! " that shrieks on the waste places of the Lord," ' and that shrieks-disloyal, ti-aitorous, unconsti tutional unpatriotic, cosmopolitan nonsense. As to Lord Beaconsfield, wo know that Mc- phistopheles" is the mildest term of reproach which many dissenting ministers can iiml for ;; him ; while Ma Bright . v/as at . one time regard ed as- a ki»ul of cross between tho hypocrite and the blatant domagaguo, as a man at once smug and lxiisterous, ut once canting and revo lutionary. 'These are, or -were, the judgments of angry -partisans ;and we are not certain that . faint refractions of theso fanciful shapes bave riot ndwand'thonbeen rcflcctedin thccartoonsdf Punch. Mr. -Bright woa certainly designed an a " wind-hag " and'foil to -the silent wisdom £ Mr. Garlyle. The fiercer cartoons have not been reprinted dn tho collections now repub lished, though some of -the unldnder outs at the Mr. Disraeli of the .pasthave keen retained. Speaking generally, on the testimony of thesa cartoons, we may say that tho English people have from the beginning suspocted, liked, and lauglied with Lord Bcacousfield ; have re- Bpected, disliked, ami doubted Mr, Gladstone ; nnd have found it difficult to malto up their minds about Mr. Bright. About Mr. Disraeli one thing alone was from the first absolutely certain. He was riot dull. In the waste -otf Parliamentary tlulness, in the " Babel of our sterile politics," 'one -voice was sure to be beard tliat was -clear and (tronoharit, -ro.c c>amantis in deserlo. Hence the sympathy of Punchy- which aims at being the perfect representative of the absolutely ordinary mind in its lighter moods — with -Mr. Disraeli. He may be drawn as a faded "ballot- dancer, with a superannuated smile ; as a rouged and sardonio Peri, at last admitted to Paradise ; as a Cheap Jack at a fair ; as a serpent, gnawing that respectable old file Sir Robert Pool ; us a sham country gentleman in boots, liat, and broadcloth coat from Nathan's ; and yet 'the laugh and the sympathy are with him. Thus, in an early picture of tlic Gladstone series, John Bull is entrusting liis carpdt-bag (labelled Budget) to a sour, small boy, with the features of Mr. Gladstone, while 'lie refuses to have anything to say to Mr, Disraelj, a merry, roguish little crossing-sweeper. Here -the favored Mr. | Gladstone has the squiilt of the bitterest religious hatred. You feel that lie -will -put the shilling he receives Irom Mr. Bull in the savings-bank, and you fear that he will end -a career of pious respectability as a fraudulent and exposed-director of a -bank. The grinning boy with the brush is equally certain to drop ' the bag in the mud and to dose - his shilling at » j pitch- and-toss and -not to care. The balance j of the nature of Englishmen leans heavily j towards stupidity aud respectability. Hence, i by way of reaction, the national sympathy ; with characters that lire clever, and not ; j | overburdened with the sense of responsibility, ; or duty, or any thing else. The great heart o£ j the people is on the side of Mr. Disraeli ; when, as Topsy.(lS52), he breaks the windows, , throws open the cupboards, dances on the , measures of hiB party, and ".Bpecs nobody can j do nothing with him;" In : the admirable vignette on the frontispiece of 'the Gladstone i | -series Mr. Sambourne has illustrated the hqat stage of the opposition between solemn ear. neatness and satiric earnestness. Mr. Clad- Btono rs tearing his liair and thundering inveo- tive from a pulpit shaped in the likeness of the clock-tower of St. Stephens's, wliilo Lord Beaconafield is sitting smiling below, and tickling tlie orator frith a long curly feather," The general sympathy has been, on the whole, against Mr. Gladstone, not because he is ear- n£fct, but because he. ha3 always -put his ear.-. uestncs3 forward. Tho world has always re cognised, not without pleasure, the earnestness wich Air. Disraeli avowed from the first in a manner at once frank and ironicaL He was clearly quite as determined as Air. Gladstone, but then he was determined to have his own Way, aiul what thkt way was ho declared al most as openly as Prince . Bismarck could - do. :c In spite of the " mysteries' and "surprises" t»f which his opponents have talked a good 4eal, tho secret of this Sphinx has always been (b far an open secret. People liavo been cap tivated in spite of themselves by the clear sighted resolve, by the gay courage, by tho Uiowledgc that a plan was being worked out from firse to last, by the indifference to dis comfiture: which "marked Air. Disraeli. 11 icy have disapproved, they have stormed, scolded, preached, and ended -by 'laughing, forgiving, and even — forgetting. The old assailants, tho Cat03 of Conservatism, are indignant when their ancient woes and those pranks which so out raged them arc recalled by the viperous Radical. Alecmvhilc the puzzled public, which Idle cartoons so often represent as hesitating between the attractions of seriousness and mirth, has. decided to toko part with the latter, and with success. Looking at these designs, one sees how Mr. Disraeli s career has increased the democratic tendency to look at politics ospcr IhctUai cn agoni , like spectators at a play, where the applause is given and tho crowns are thrown to the cleverest mime. It is. rarely that the educator of his party is so ' hardly used as in the cartoon in which ho plays the. part of Fagin at the thief V school, and shows his young friends how to pilfer Liberal measures. . His last appearance is in a Seine de Trwmphe, whero he wears the garter and laughs at his luck, at the spectators, and at his grave and decorated companion. The Gladstone cartoons begin in 1855, ton years later than the' earliest drawing of Mr. Disraeli is "young Gulliver" (young Gulliver was in his fortieth year) " and tho Brobdingnag Ministry.". All1., Gladstone first appears, not as a small but courageous creature, undaunted by the great," hut as a footman who "wishes Jto. leave at once." With Sir James Graham "and Sidney Herbert, Air. Gladstone "seceded 'from Lord Palnierston's Cabinet in disappro val 'of the demand- for an inquiry into the Crimean , mismanagement;" This was- not : a .very popular, line-; .and, on the whole, these faawiugs rarqly display Air. Gladstone asj.a truly' t popular > 'character. He may- bo sric- 'cesHtil, ' but ' ''even ' aa 1 " the " boy for our money," lib is not'1 amiable. Even when he ( ' "takes' a penny ! from tho Income- -tax" (18131) _ he appears . as a dentist who .Jiafl niadp -lua ' patient: cry. Mr. Disraeli, bu,thc other liand,(would have been faoetiously ' represented as extracting' the money by the '"confidence," or other trick, from a puzzled rJolin Bull, . ;When 'Mr. Gladstone is repre-. ; Bentwl. as; a jockey, heis-.too good a starter, .and is off before the fall of tho flag. His lupreme feat is to present Air. and Mrs. Bull 'with a' packet of tea. 'As' ii manager, lie is jealous of 'his company, 'and says,- "Alind, no '-starring in the. 'provinces."- The ' begin ning of the end of a career of stormy successes is iudicsted ' in the cartoon which -shows the . Ghost of LoV'd Palmerston remonstrating with Mr. Gladstone for "his pacific attitude on the high-handed abrogation by Russia of the Black Sea clauses of the Treaty of Paris." . Through the whole set: of cartoons Air. Gladstone has ' only; twice a smile on his face. We mis3 the admirable drawing of the peaceful peasant and the dissembling: earl, and the Bketch of Air. Gladstone's failure to clear the Irish stono wall. -Punch has always .taken the same view of Mr. 'Disraeli .and Air. Gladstone. Mr. Bright is ap- , :parently a more difficult subject. At first he is a smug Quaker bagman, who tries to make a '.convert of tho Duke of Wellington. He and' rMr. Cobden give the Czar Nicholas a toy Turk . .to pull to pieces, .though Air. Bright appears .to be remonstrating a little with his passionate and imperial friend. He lights the fire under the kettle of Reform, and " hopes it will soon .boil," and he laboriously climbs the greasy pole .of. popularity for the reward of the leg of :inut- ; .ton. His strength is recognised (1858) in a-de- sign .which represents liiin in tho act of knock ing down a number of timid Liberals who do not go far enough to please him. His timidity, the timidity of the employer of . labor and a capitalist, is illustrated (1800) in a very humor ous cartoon. Walking under the shadow of a . 'gigantic " proletarian," Air. Bright . says, with every sign of alarm, " I havo no ;fe-fc-fear of ma-manhood suffrage !" His .logic (1803) is, that " the rnsssos of the .people are so illiterate that sound statesmanship requires that they shall be admitted to political power." The funniest of all the cartoons re present him as a stout, middle-aged lady, in all the conscious and sulky dignity of " a political . wall-flower." In many cartoons he is violent ; , in some he assumes the command, while he is only a lieutenant. His buxom content with .himself in . his court dress regains for him the public favor. People only laugh when, as a ..lacquey, he forgets his place, loses his temper, -and. bids the coachman of the Upper House, ; " Pull out of the way there with that infatuated old machine of yours, can't yer ?" Air. Bright, .after all, seems somehow the most human of .these distinguished characters. He is neither '. too awfully virtuous nor too whimsically clever; neither a mixture of Puck and Ariel on the one lido, nor a compound of Tartufo and " Roland -the Just" on tho other. It is easy to gues3 ..what he will do and say, what he will like and , dislike ; though he will do everything " with the strength of ten," and will be inconsistent \- with a splendid honesty of unconsciousness , which is one of his most human and pleasing \- characteristics. The technical merii3 of these caricatures need hardly be discussed. Air. \- Tenniel naturally shows himself as the supreme 'political caricaturist, while Air. Lceeh and, -.still more, Air. Doyle had, as manifestly, their \- true province elsewhere — in social and in fan- . tastic art. 