A VICTIM BY MISTAKE, OR THE ADVENTURES OF THREE ENGLISHMEN IN RUSsIA. A SENBATIONAL STORY. C?aPTER' XVIII. THE 'T'HRIE FIIENDS& LIIONEL GIANTL: E. was sitting in his dungeon as we left him, when into it ran Oulita, exclaiming : " Oh, well--that beats' nll'! " ': Wht do you mean?" asked Lionel. If the gloouiy expression of your countenance did not deprive me of all hope of calling a smile upon yourlips, I would endeavour to amuse you witb a relation of the drollest thing that I have seen for a very long'time." "It is not the prisoner's fault if solitudesours his mind,'and fills his heart with gloom," sighed Lionel. But speak, and if you can for but a single moment banish my care, I shall be very grateful to you. Mirth would be a friend, and 'of friends I have indeed great need." '" Well," said Oulita, " it's about 'the funny goings on of Doctor K?.roupoff." "Doetor what, 'did you say?" "Doctor Kroupoff; the old docto who has medical charge of this prison, and is a. little out of his mind, people say; and:hfter what I have just seen,, I quite believe them. I have never seen him before to-day, nor has any body else about the prison, I believe.'.' " Is he, then, but newly appointed ?" "Bless you. no.! But he hadn't been here fur years, and wvouldn't have come now, if he could have helped it. He has always found soene excuse for sending some one else to inspect the prison for him.' " Well." " Would you believe it ?-he has made every soul about the place take a dose of physic. Oh ! if you had hut seen the comical faces of the jailors and the soldiers, it was enough to tnake you die with laughter." " But you did not, I suppose-" What i me take any of his physic ? No, luckily. But perhaps I have had a narrow esape." " In what way?" "Well, you see, I had placed myself in an out-of-the-way corner, but when the people were taking their physic, I burst out laughing-I really could not help it-and then the doctor turned his head in my direction,, and looked at me sharply out of the corner of his eye, and then I scam pered o11, and came here. It seems to roe that he must have had'a spite against all those poor people. Those last words were as a ray ol light to Lionel, aud he half divined the truth. H Ho will be coming here, so I shall go. I have .given' you warning, so be careful how you take any of Doctor KIoupoff's prescriptions." Oulita had not been gone half-a minute when in shuffled the connter I'hit medical inspuctor and his pre tended footman. And following these two were Bestuchff and 'the soldier'who 'had been ordered to conduct the doctor through the prison. ,:, Besmucheff had notbeen one of those for whom the doctor had prescribed he had kept himself at a safe distance; and observirg what 'was going' on; hissuspicions hall been aroused thlat thoro was something '~tot altogether right tbout' .thl p'resumed medical inspector. When Mat and Harry entered thfr dungeon of their Iriend, Bestuebeff remained just without the door, while Sarrasine, the soldier; could get no: farther than the door-post, against wvhich he leaned. ieI was pale as a ghost, and was nearly doubled up wOrithing and:t'wisting from the effects of the dose that had been administered to him \\...... "' ",Now then," mumbled Mat, 'whore is that ilyio?(. :yO unig E:nglish prisioner? let ro SLO him . 1"I-tare he.i ..doctor," said. Harry. "Them is nothing now the :matter with ?e," said Lionel .... ,i, -Oh, , no I nothing' of course,. cried MRat, "that's what. they all say. Brt--I -say there- is-· somiething the -matter. Prevention 1'iW b~ti-t:-h ?fian cure. All physicians.--are asses except me ; they don't know ,how. to prevent,:.and so. it is tliat their-patients die. 1 have quite a different method. 'A man comes to me, I examine him, and tell him ,at -oteithat he. is "r-y ill indeed-any other-physician would sai he :was quite w'ell;. I;:maiontaio that he is ill, and give-him something th.t 'will cure him'. -Just as in the casdeof the soldier who was told to acc-~rpany me through 'lie prison; At- the first glance, I'saw that he -was in a:high fever.- - I gave him one of m y ipowders, and he was cored directly. -... . ' Sarrasine, at this instant, uttered a loud groan, and weasdoubled up with paiS. . , Mae had run on thus in order to have un opportunity of bestowing on Lionel leok's which should cause the youni gunsmith to recognize his friends And Mat's purpose suc ceeded, for before-he -had come to a lialt, Lionel had exchanged looks with his two friends, which told them thut he had recognized them both.,. " Harimoff," cried Mait. ... "Yes, doctor," responded Hairy. "Bring 'me a' seat. You, young man, come nearer to me, closer still -now, give me your hand, that 1 may know the state of your pulse." Lionel readily obeyed. C.Harimoff! " ,- Yes, doctor! " tC The young man seems very weak. Support him on the other side." By this ruse, the three friends were enabled to press each other's .hands, and none the less warmly because it was stealthily done. Bestucbeff, who seemed to have formed a sudden resolution, whispered to Sarrasine-?-' "Remain here at'your post, and don't lose sight of them,'" and hastened away. And the poor soldier was likely to i'ernain at his post-tlat is, the door post-for he appeared to be quite unahble to move away from it. "By what means were you able to enter here ? "-Lionel whispered to his friends." "Never mind now how we got here," replied Mat in a similar tone; I have come to'chauge clothes with you, so that you may walk out of this prison." " And you?" "Oh, I shall remain in your place." "Never I " "Come now, Lionel, don't be a fool," softly said Harry. "' Never, I. tell you," Lionel said with indignation, and turned and walked away from them. -"Young man," cried Mat, again spesaing in his doctor's voice, "if you do not keep quiet, I shall call that soldier there to my assistance." " What do you say ? " cried Lionel, walking back twards Mat, and look ing astonished. -" Don't be afraid," whispered Mat; " he is not at all dangerous. I have given him a dose strong enough for a horse." The poor soldier was-now clinging hard to the door-post, and with his bask towards those within the dun geon. Lionel," whispered I-larry, " you have rejected the s'afety Which,- at the peril of her life, was offered to you by the jailor's wife; but you will not refuse One hour's liberty, in order to bid a last farewell to dear Louisa." She will die of grief if she sees you not again," whispered Mat. "Oh, hiaven ! " said Lionel ; "' to press her a last time to my heart would be a consolation for each day of my exile ; but to sacrifice you-to destroy you both, perhaps?" ' "If you refuse, you will destroy us all the same, for we should then denounce ourselves." "Do you really mean that? " "One hour, only one hour," urged Harry- Bro a-n. - .. .. " Come,":said Mat, "off with your clothes, and on with these." -'" But lie will see us," said- Lionel, indieaiing the soldier. - "Oh," returned Mat, c'l,e has got something else te' think about." "He appears to be ill," said Lionel, looking at the soldier. - "[ don't think I should 'feel very well if 1 were in his plae,"'said Harry. - - , , * " Don't you be afraid, Lionel ; I'II answer for him." . \- Harry turned towards the:soldier to wtch -his-movements, while Lionel and Mat exchanged clothes,-. -This was veryquickly effdced, and Harry. then cried loudlym =- -. "N4w', then, wake. up, TPtkrafine I!" Sarrasine;- with a great efotrt,:- drew himself upright, aid,-with- suppressed gronara a; every step, followed- Lionel cnd Harry, who passed- out of the cell, and towards the outer door of the prison. - They did not- perceive BestuoheW but he saw them from a corner of one of the corridors, and as they passed along, said to himself-- - ', So vnu are Doc!or Kroupoff, are you ? Wait a bit, and we shall know better "bout that." ' Mat chuckled with glee at the idea ;of how the guardians of that prison were being trioked. He sat himself on the table; and thought-. ,'l.?hat a deal of fuss about getting a little fresh air for an .hour ur so. Bit never mind,.we- have succeeded, and poor-Louisa will be so"oglad"-tu see him. But when they?.come to say good-bye, and part I:Abh,· thiy' will find it ihard, iodied, "tio ep-arate. HowvI. wish.Lo'uisa. cooul'd'6 rriaad'e hidl not to return here at all! But her is such astupid fellow.. H.e is sure to come bdck:,-jst on purpbse to get himself killed, instead- of?flying, away iviith her, s6 thiat they might be happy together." Then :immediately he, felt. ashamed of hliimself for that thought, knowing that they could n6t be happy if they had-left himn.in Lionel's::place to be stentint6 exile,'or~peirha'ps worse. : Ab,'? he thought, and sighed, "it's no'<use to. be melancholy about it ; we must take things asthey come, and Russian dungeons as we find them." Then he looked round the cell, and decided that Russian dungeons were not very luxurious abodes, and that those placed within them were not likely to be very jolly. As Mat sat on the table, swinging his legs, he suddenly heard a noise, which sounded as if beneath him. * He dropped from the table, ana3 s'tood stupefied with amazement, as a, trap door opened in the floor, and the head and shoulders ol a man appeared. The man rose, and others appeared behind him, and the first who had ascended'rushed towards Mat, over whose mouth he forcibly pressed his hand, and, raising a knife, cried "Speak but a single word, and you are a dead man ! " OwIArrxf XIX. THE CONSPIRATORS. ALTOGETHER , five men came swarm ing up that trap in the dungeon floor. rThe man who had first ascended, and who had acted so'very un ceremoniously with Mat, was evidently the chief of those men, and readily obeyed by them. They were all in prison dress, anul with a worn and haggard appearance. Yet even thus, there was about them something which at once told that they were above the condition of ordinary malefactors. The astonishment which had made Mat Meriton so passive under the assault of that foremost prisoner lasted but a very few moments. Indeed, hardly was the· man's hand placed over his mouth before Mat strugg!ed, and succeeded inremovifig it.: " Come, I say, this won't do," he cried ; I am not going t~obeauffooatted if I know it. What do you mean? What's your little game?" "Silence ! silence I " enjoined Mat's assailant. "Yes, all right; I'll hold my tongue if you keep your hands still, *and put that~knile in your pocket. But just let me have a look at the lot of you.,' Then, turning about, and running his eye from one to the other, Mat said ,€ And a queer-looking lot you are. One--two-th ree-four-- five-oh I five of you. Holy d'ye do, gentlemen ? I hope you are all of you better than yoi look." Here he s~w ano.her man ascending through the trap. " Hallos," cried Mat, "that makes six! Are there many more of you to Cowe ?" he asked the chief. ',No, we are all here," was the reply. " Yes, I see you are here; but reslly I didn't want your company. And what have you all been doing down there ? Who would have thought of a trap in this floor? Are th re any more rat holes of the sort in this dungeon ? 'Pon my life, it's fanny. Come, tell us all about it: I want something to amuse me. Firin uf all, though, be so good as to tell me who you are." " We have been buried in the lowest dungeons of this prison, there to await our trial for- --" "Go on please. What have yon been up to? " " We bad conspired agaiast--" :"Well, why don't you go on? What ard you btopping for?" :' Walt," said the chief of the con spirators. S"The man who had ascended next after the chief had hastmned to the door of the dungeon, there to act as a sentinel. SAnd thle leader of these men, turning• now towards that particular one, said ." Do y, u hear anythlng ?" :" No," replied the s.n ioel, who had been Itatening; there is no one near." !" Well, theat," said the chief, " we sha!l be able to wot K and talk at the sgate tim e." 'ti]e spoke a few words, whieh ware not heard by Mat, to the other men, and they prooeded to draw up a rope ladder from below. .That done, two of the men produced files, and, raised uponthe shoulders of the other two --for he who had been" placed as sentinel continued at his. post \- hey commenced to file through'the Iron bars of the rather small and.0nly window of the dungeon. . :" Come, now," said Mat, " I am giad you are going'to talkfor I am dying with curiousity .to know whatit all means. I toll you candidly, my friend, that if we were in London, I shouldn't care about'being seen much with you, and you are not exactly '.he sort of fellow"th it I should ask to dinner." But here I am not quito so pa-ticular; besides that, you haven't waited,till i gave you an invitation to come and see me." " You are wasting a great many words," said the chief. "Well, I dare say I shall be abie'to find a few more when 1 want.them.· But go O', I'm all attent'0o6"' .... Do you.know'us I"-.. " Wel!, I don't.. exactly; if 1 had knawn you, I shouldn't have taken the rdroble: just now to ask you who you were. AndJI hope you will believe me -vheen I say that I hadn't in the least expetoed yan, and was considerably surprised whe'a y.su all came crawling ont of that rat hole. I suppose I am to understand that you were not altog-ther comnfortable down below. " j' You are trying to impose upon us," said the leader of the conspirators. "What ,about?" demanded the my stified Ma*. "But we intend to bh frank with you " "t Do yod?' Wel', now, I am very' glad to hear that." ' And afterwards shall expect that you will be equal'y frank with us." SAh, yes; to be sane--why not?" " You stlll: say tha: you do not know us?" "" " T Why, noss, how ehou'd I?"' "t' At any rate, we know you." " O)h1£ you know me? " cried Mat, getting more and more bewildered, "Well, it's quite possible, though I cah't exactly see how you--but; never mind, go on."' " You are an Englishman." :. "' Well, you might very easily know. that." "And your name is Lionel Grant ley."'' :. ." Oh', my name is--yes, to be sure, quite right, Lionel G:antley--that'a it." Mat now began more c'early .to :understand, and thought it would not be wise to set these conspirators right about the matter. " We know that it is your wish to-" said the chief of the conspirators, and. stopped abruptly. " Well, go on," cried Mat. " What is it I wish to do?" !""Vell, we need not talk of that." .! Needn't we'?" :' Let it suffice you to know that we perfectly understand each other in the matter: that our end is the same." " Oh I " said- the' more than ever puzzled Mat; "'then you really think that we nndsrsand each other about the--" I" Yes, " said the chief. " Yes," together, and in a low voice, said the other conpirators. "Yet;" said Mat, imitating their tone and manner. ' Well, then," he added, '" if that is the case, we'll say no more about it." '1On the contrary, we will speak of it again directly," said the chief, going to one of the conspirators, and a'king and examining for himself as to the progress that was being made. 'And while the chief of those men was thus engaged, Met kept talking on. " Just as you like, Mr. What's-your name: that won't trouble me at all. I may saym, in fact, that it will suit me very well. But, for all that, a litte .explanation would seem to me by no means useless, and not at all· super flUOnls." "The chief of the consoirators pre sently again ,etirned to Mat, saying "" We have no wish to do you harm." ." Wel, thank'ee, old fellow " "We are prisoners like yburself." "Like me--yes !" 'W We have concerted plans for our escape-.-." " Yes, I can see that you " "Our endeavours for a long time have been to reach this dungeon. Yonder window was the one only favourable point in our attempt. Dur ing six months we have worked to clear for ourselves a secret passage through the thickness of the walls, in order to reach as far as this cell-" "Poor fellows I " said Mat. '"Six other months have been em. ployed in weaving, bit by bit,. our rop ladder. It was only last night that our work was completed. The moment to carry out our purpose has at ha.t arrived." " A re you sure of th t i," asked Mat, now intensely interested. " Yes; see, the bars of the window are now sawn through." Such was indeed the fact, and obeying a signal from their chief, his followers altogether removed some of the bars, so as to leave a clear opening at the window. Then, securing one end of the rope ladder, they lowered it out of the win dew, suspending it in readiness for their descent. These preparatlons made, the leader of those men said "Now, friends, let us away? This is the solemn hour of liberty I" He moved then towards the window, hut they all drew back a step, and one of them said " Our chief first; it is his right," The roll of a drum was heard, somewhere within the prison. Mat look~d anxious and alarmed for those men; but they themselves showed. no signs of uneasiness, and the chief said, quietly- :' - " It is nothiog.'" "I am glad' of it," cried MBit, ydip i sincerely,' ,"I :·. "' You' may fly wlt"h;:us-.may, if you like, profit 'by the 'sdendi" i'?: " 