[?] MORE GHOST STORIES UNVEILED. .-. On, the abovo subjeot, . a oorjceapo.nd.eni-. sonds us the -following ; A few years ago L removed into a.new and, largor house with ..a young family. . Some, nights after my removal I; waB awakotted in, the mlddlo of thq night by a.distinot knpokr, ing twioe.or thrice repeated at my bedroom door. I balled ont : Who's thero ? ' Thore was no reply but after an interval of a few minutes the kn,oofeing...was ropoatod , as dis tinctly as before. Again the samo qnoBiiou : 'Who's thoro?' and again no reply: but again oamo the knocking, if possible more, distinot'and loudor . than before, aud just as. if a porson.oalsido.in the lobby hsd ,9tnipk sharply with his JmuokloB on the door; I sprung rapidly from bed on its being repeated, arid ruBhod to'tho bedroom door and opened it, determined to oatoh the knooker. But there was no one outside ; and no one oonld have espaped down the stairoase, whioh was -'what is oalled a woll-stairoaso, brilliantly lighted with a flood, of moonlight, whioh streamed through tho, skylight window. I am riot and novor was . spirit, strioften or snperBtilious ; but I will oonfess my sensa-. lions now booame trying; my heart began ?to throb, and I rotUrnqd to bod with eais painiqjlv awake. Again oame the knocking, dear and disttnot and. methodical ob before. Although feoling very uneaBy, t orepistienity out of bed and strotohed myself on the floor with.my head on-therboards -and a , few feet from the bedroom door, to Arid out' if pos sible from what psirt of the' door the knook ing proceeded. Again it oame as before, and I could distinctly refer it to tho lowebt part or panel of the door. I suddenly opened the door }'. but with the same ; result as before'; and again I lay in . iny' former position. Again oamo the knocking, three ' or four diutinot taps .; and now fixing my eyed steadily on the spot from whioh the tapping proceeded; I , saw the kriupkle bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of . a very small walnut, jerked' repeatedly against the skirting ' that lay alongside the door.' The skirting was thinner than the sounding-board of a piano ; and it was the' suddon tapping of the little bone against the sbunding-board ' that produoed the repeated: knooking. But how was the tapping .produced: P By a mouse thut had forind.itsway along the hollow spaoe. behind the' wainsoot. 'If bad ; bored a hole 'in the very lowest' part of the wainsoot; very nearly on a level with the floor, had, fourid its little bono loft after the children's dinner,, and had dragged it to the dritrarioe of its hole, bat aould not get it, through. It had dragged throagh the tough bit of smew whioh is . attaohed to the end of the bone— popularly known in mutton as the Gentleman's Bono — and was trying by jerking it baokwards to bring the bone itsolf through ; and each jerk gave it blow against the thin sounding board, arid' eaoh blow, gave out the sound or ! mysterious knook.' Had I nof discovered this, no reasoning could have convinced me 'that I had not lieard knoiths at my bedroom do,or-, arid I should; in all probability have, attributed them to what is termed super natural agenoy.: : ; My next oxp'erienoe wad if jibssible more prizzlirigl' In the neighbourhood of Dublin, on the rooky sea-ooaBt of Dalkey, there are' severaloa'stleB srippbsed to have been ereoted by ihe Danes' for' the protection of their traders. ' They are Btill iri fair preaarvati'on, and have clwelling-housea of modern' eori struotlon built against ' them. ' One of these old osistles stands; on the- very verge. of the see,' over what was once a' rooky inlet, bat iB ' -now a harbour called Bullock Harbour, along the-opposite Bide of wbioh is a row of fiahermeri'e cottiiges, principally' inhabited ' by men'who earn' their livelihood as pilots. The dwelling-house attaohed to this old osstlo I with my family ooonpied in the summer, for health's sake and to- enjoy boat ing, of whioh I was fond. I oBeerved some time after taking up my rpsidenbe in it, that no matter at what time I zftirod to bed— and I generally sat np one or twohoars after the other inetnbers of my family had retired — the servants from tho kitohen story seleoted the same moment for their departure. This unceasing regularity beoame at last annoying,' and I insisted on knowing the oanse. The information ? given to me was that the old oaBtle and house were haunted, and that for no induoement wonld the ser vant's remain after I had asoended from the parlour. I had now reason for thinking there waS'Bomie -ground for the fears. The pantry partioularly, and the rest of the house with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. These were plainly 'heard'; and there - was added . am additional, aggravation ;- fori not content with .this, the !' supernatural ' . Visitor begari to do , misoh'ief, and generally in the gray of the morning made free with. uuirtuitra imu puiM ui julu uu - itjue Baexve8, occasionally breaking a glass or plate I To add to the myBtery, though the pantry was: carefully looked every night the depredations still dontibued, arid at length tho terror of . each night's visitation beoame greater and greater, and, tho various BforieB began to be Ipiroulated, one being that tho visitant was the spirit ot- a nun condemned to . suffer the pangs, of hunger, for some transgression. This- was supported by the oiroamstanoe of tho old bastle and grounds having been some .years before oooupied as a oonvent. .The only oponing into tho pantry was throngh a. ventilator in the roof, .very high np, and ad joining one of the lofty, walls of the old oastle. Through this no human being qonld obtain an entranoe ; but it was entered by a monhey, .who oamo to it in this way. One of tho , pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to a ebip, to irelieve the one on duty, whon the monkey, siok I suppose of the sea, and determined uot to loBe the opportunity, jumped into the boat, -and on .nearing the. shore, jumped out again, land i sought the nearest shelter, whioh : happened to bo the old oastle. The ship was from the West Indies, laden with sugar. The monkey, though misBed from the homeward bound, was unnotioed by the pilot orew, and finding his way from the oaBtle to the ven tilator of the adjoining dwelling- honse pantry, songht to allay his hanger there when all was quiet at night. By day the oreature laV hidden in- the old oaBtle ; and it was only afteratepse of many days and nights that yuur uuuau wub uinuuvoxau puepmg OUt lrom his lodging in the old Norman keep i . It not unfrequently happens that* housee -are haunted, and kept haunted, by oertain persons who have a direct interest in keeping np the silly triok. In tho same neighbour hood — the neighbourhood of tho old oastle— was.; a house reputed to- bo haunted, aud whioh hae maintained its reputation for more than two Bummers. Footetops are hoard at night, doors aro slammed, and on ono oooa sion, jngs of water have been poured upon somo members of tho family, to their great dieaomfort. The ghoBt has boon clover, and has not yet been caught ; bat the eolation is not far to find, as the oaro-takor has aooni fortable reside, noe gratis, whioh is lost when the houBe is let and oooupied for the season. — Chamber's Journal, ' ' Aimmr, Youtii.— Ono of J our fomalo tonoliors throatouod to lcoop au unruly boy fifteen minutos aftor acltool. ' I wish you'd malto it half nn hour,' 8|iid tho appreciative youth, 'for you're tho prbttiost toaohor in tliis town.' , ., : ' Puttino a ITOE -Pobtr on- rr.-v-A widow, whbso hushnnd'e artistio' pewioption8 had caiisod Ids hotjso ,^o bo olognritly' fui-niriiod, mamod ffis tor', visitors, after ,tho soodnd- nhmHago^brimplimontcd ltor upou tho hoauty of hci'liouBo-fiu-nisliiiig-,- alio anirwerod, ' Oh, yes, my doar brothor-ia-law had Buoh exquisite tastes !' ' 