AMONG THE ADELAIDE .POOR. MISSIONARY WORK (Continued). [Bs- VxD .J After having seen the mother's meeting, Mr. j Berry and I resumed our honse- visitings. Previons to setting out-our ears were saluted by . a grating angry voice, which was found to pro- \- ceed from a very mild-looking woman, who con fronted Mr. Berry and demanded an interview. .Being thus unceremoniously bailed up, we .waited wonderingly for .enlightenment as to its came. "And what is it that you've been saying . agen me, Mr. Berry ? And, sure, ain't I worthy , of relief, and me decent and respectable woman that never drank a drop ; if I were to die for it .{.wouldn't tell a lie, but gladly own it. And if my- husband did itself, that's no reason why my name should be dirtied. And did you ever know anything wrong of me one way or the other, Mr. Berry ? Come now, answer me that." This torrent of language seemed greatly to relieve our friend, who set her arms akimbo and drew a .heavy breath, as if preparing for another sally. Before she could get her vocal machinery again ready for action, however, Mr. Berry stepped gallantly into the breach, and cave me a brief sketch of his knowledge of her ^history. Jt appeared that she was married to a .good-for-nothing scamp, who lived upon her as Jqng as he could extract the price of a pint of beer, and then periodically disappeared, only to return again when she had managed to get a few sticks together, which one after the other he would -sell or pawn in order to drink the proceeds. Mr. Berry had helped her several times,and uponihelast occasion,relying upon her vehement promises for the better behaviour of hbi spouse, had actually purchased a mangle for her. This means of existence had also disappeared down the guzzling throat of her lord and master, and yet the woman upbraided Mr. Berry for bifi injustice in visiting the sinsof the husband upon the wife. The City Missionary, however, expressed his .determination not to assist any family whose head was an able-bodied man who refused to work or who drank. We went through several cottages, Mr. Berry meeting with a cordial welcome everywhere, after which I was shown row of three houses, just at ifee back of a large foundry, which also belonged to the Society for which Mr. Berry is acting. These comfortable homes, which contains four rooms each, are let at the moderate rental ol 5s. 0cL a week. Two of them wereoccnpied by two worthy families, the one of four and the other of five children, both appearing to be comparatively comfortable, while every part of the rooms was sweet and clean. In one bouse was a mangle, the gift of Mr. Berry, for which the mother was supposed to pay sixpence weekly; but her rent was, as in an instance I have before referred to, correspondingly reduced. The third house, I was told, was occupied by two aged couples whose day was fast declining into night, but they were out at the time of our visit. In a narrow dirty lane we entered a tworoomed house, which was fonnd to be the home of no less than ten persons. In the front room resided a husband, wife, and two children, and in the back room lived a couple with four children. The front- room couple were out begging round the suburbs, but the back-room tenants were within. The master of this undesirable family residence was a tall, gaunt man, whose muscular frame was attenuated by fever, from which he had just . recovered, being scarcely able to crawL There was ^just room in his portion of the house for a double bedstead, but of other furniture there was none. In that one bed, even during the whole of the time that he had been down with fever, had he slept with his wife and four children. Where the occupants of the front room slept it would be difficult to say, unless jt were on an old ricketty sofa which seemed to be just wide enough for one. Mr. Berry gave the man an order for five sbillingsworth of bread, to be doled out in daily quantities. After threading a network of lanes and alleys, we reached a quiet and obscure bnt more respectable quarter, where Mr. Berry promised to show me two very respectable families, for whom he would very much like to devise some permanent means-of enabling them to help themselves. The first family he referred to lived in a four-roomed house, for which they paid 15s. per week rent. This family consisted of an old man, who suffered from a very painful heart disease, his wife, two grown-up dang titers, and a 6on. The wife was also very feeble. The ' old xii!<n hoped to be able soon to do a little work ; he was a gardener by trade. The two daughters were working at an establishment in the city, and when on full time managed to bring in between them about 30s. a week. Lately, however, they had only received four d*js' work in the week, and their dual earnings oLly amounted to £1. The son bad been set to lei-.m s-boeruaking, and contributed 10s. weekly to the family fund. The total income was therefore 30s. per week—not a very large sum, after the rent was paid, to feed aad clothe five people upon. There was good management somewhere, however, as parlour ornaments and other relics of better days were still in their wonted places. No stranger entering the house would dream that hunger was a common visitant there. Mr. Berry advised the old man to apply at the Destitute Asylum for rations occasionally, but the old man merely shook his head, while his lips quivered. " I gave the wife ten shillings the other day," said Mr. Berry to me, " aud tears of gladness came into her eyes." The other family lived next door. The father was . an old man and ill in bed. He was a carpenter by trade, and had a family of six children, consisting of two grown-up daughters and four sons. One of the daughters was fading away fast from consumption, while the delicacy of the other's complexion spoke too plainly of a tendency in the same direction. The second son was apprenticed to a trade, and was the only regular bread-winner of the family, his earning* amounting to 10s. per week. The eldest son was a cabinetmaker, but was now out of work. He had recently been employed at the Port, but had lost the sum of £6 10s. due to bim in consequence of his master's ' insolvency. The daughters did needlework or washing wherever they could get it to do, and the irother said that she would be only too willing to go out as a monthly nurse. The weekly rent of the house was 12s. Similarly to those of its teighbour the internal evidences of this home * ere very misleading. The best room was comfortably furnished, and many elegant ornaments gave the appearance of the possession of fair means. The reluctance to part with any relic of respectability is extremely natural in such a case as this, for too well did the family know that the money received for any article would only be a temporary stop-gap, and that their last condition would be ituch worse than the first. Mr. Berry told me be had frequently visited there, and that on the previous Monday, a bitterly cold day, he had found that there was sot a particle of firewoodin thehouse. He had given them various small sums of money, amounting in all to 30s., but J what he desired in this case was to devise .some means of enabling them to become self-suppirting. He left them with the promise that be would call again soon, and asked them to try and concoct some scheme for their per- . nonneLt benefit. I afterwards learnt that their small stock of jewellery had already gone to the pawnbroker's, and that sooner or later, if help came not and times still continued dark, their other effects must follow. The next cases visited were illustrations of man's infidelity to woman. The front part of a three-roomed house was tenanted by a woman whose husband had deserted her for eight years, while its back portion was occupied by a young wife and four children—the youngest only a few weeks old. Her husband eloped to Melbourne a short time ago with another woman, and had left his wife to feed bis babes as best she could. She was busy washing when we entered, and we found that laundry work was her means ol subsistence. The two women managed between them to pay a weekly rent of 10s., but it was a sore struggle sometimes, she said. Going along another back street, Mr. Berry stopped a low dirty-looking fellow and asked him why he was not at work. "Will you answer me one question?" was the rejoinder. " If I were to go stone- napping at -Is. 9d. a yard, how much do you think I should -earn at it?" Mr. Berry said that if he only applied to the Government he would be put on day labour at from four shillings per diem. A growl was the only response. "Come and-see his home," said my companion to me after he had passed on. He lived with his wife—whom 1 recollected having seen at a pawnbrobing establishment on a certain occasion—in two little dens of rooms behind a shoemaker's Bhop. There was no furniture in one room, sad in the other only a truckle bed, on which were a pair of blankets, the gift of Mr. Berry. In the bedroom one faded skirt and a dilapidated bonnet were the only articles suspended on the walls, all the remaining possessions of the couple being represented by a huge bundle of pawn-tickets which the woman showed us. Boots, petticoats, skirts, sheets, and blankets had all gone, and yet here was her lazy husband sauntering idly about the streets. She bad tried to persuade him to go on at the relief works, she said, but he would not. " Your husband is an able-bodied man, -strong and well," said Mr. Berry, "and if he won't work, why, yon must starve. We can't help such .men, you know." The poor woman seemed to recognise the justice of the decision, and promised to try and make her husband go to the Government either for pick-and-shovel or for stone-breaking work. They had one child,.asad the "shoemaker from whom they rented the rooms was threatening to turn them out. Tho rent was 6s. 6d. per week. Thehouse in which resided the-eloquent old Scotch spinster who had visited us at the Mission Hall that morning was next arrived at. In the meantime Mr. Berry had received a caution through the female missionary, Mrs. Gidley, that the old lady was addicted to intemperance, and therefore my companion determined to crossexamine our loquacious friend on that point. It was a two-roomed house, of rather pretentious outside appearance, but the bareness of desolation that my eyes were becoming so'accustomed to reigned within. A deal table, two chairs (one of which had to be brought from the inner room), and a form comprised the whole of the furniture. The family numbered five, and our Scotch friend had been allowed to 8 top for some weeks as a favour, but now that the eldest son was coming home she was to be turned out. The mother of the family was a widow, but she had property, and lived on the rents of-" those two little places there." "There" meant the back yard, where two little hovels had been erected. In reply to a question, the spinster assured us that she never drank, but was interrupted by the widow, who said, "I wouldn't have her tell you a lie, Mr. Berry. She does take a drop now and then, but never to be the worse of it. A glass of gin, bless you, upsets her that way that she doesn't know what she's doing." The spinster, being thus unexpectedly brought kt bay by this somewhat contradictory statement, acknowledged that when she had the *• rheumatiz vera bad"shedid take a little of something warm to keep up her spirits. Before goizsg aBy further, Mr. Berry made her enter into a solemn compact not to touch any spirituous liquor, telling her that if he found that she broke her promise he would never again assist her. The old lady promised, and was given a note to another of Mr. Beny's clients, who would probably let her a room, he stipulating, if necessary, to furnish the means to pay 1 the rent, which was not a veiy formidable amount, being only Is. 9d. per week. It was now getting dark, but Mr. Berry was anxious to see a family that had been spoken of to him by a gentleman who takes an interest in the mission. We were directed to a threeroomed hut in a little lane off Wright-street, and found a tall nice-looking young girl standing at the back entrance. I was struck with the listless expression which sat upon her pinched but pleasing features, which asserted itself in the tones of her voice and in her whole bearing and gait. Was it possible that that constant inward companion of youth had been so long deferred that this young heart was already sick ? We asked if her mother was in, and an apathetic nod of the head was her only response. No expression of wonder came into her features, no speculations as to the purport of our visit appeared to enter her mind—the face told «f nothing but absolute blankness. We found her mother-crouching over a few burning chips, crunching raw turnips with avidity. The father was ill in bed with fever. A son who had recently come down from the country, and was a baker by trade, was lying upon a few rags in the third room we visited, also stricken with fever. With the exception of the bed upon which the old man lay there was not the ghost of a piece of furnitnre. The old woman, sobbing, told us that she had another son, eighteen years of age, a shoemaker, who usually paid the rent, which was 16s. a week. The recent strike had thrown him out of employment, and although they only owed 25s. for rent the cruel landlady had sold her up a day or two back, having only left, after the most pitiful entreaties, the bed npon which the old man lay. They had had no food that day, and she had been getting her supper when we came in. She had pawned her wedding ring for two shillings, with which she had procured some meat for beef-tea for her husband, for whom tbe Government doctor had ordered nourishing food. Her daughter was 14 years of age, bad been out to service, and possessed good references as to character, but times were sa hard now that many people had been obliged to dispense with servants. She hoped, however, her girl would soon get another situation. On parting with the mother I pressed a florin into her hand, and urged her to have a good sapper for once: but how inadequate I felt my .offering to be in comparison to her needs! We took the girl with us to a baker's and a butcher's, arid Mr. Berry ordered a daily quantity of bread and meat to b« allowed up to the usual amount of 5s. at each shop. All this time the girl walked on like one in a dream, and, although she answered our questions frankly and unreservedly, never betrayed the slightest token of bting interested in our proceedings. It set med as if Hope was dead and buried in her heart and black Dejection was its winding-sheet, while the principal mourner, Despair, had given place to a far more terrible inmate, Indifference. Poor little atom of opening womanhood : the clouds hang dark and heavy above thy youthful path; the thorns are thick and sharD that pierce thy feet. May the future make thee large amends. This concluded our day's work, and sick at heart I returned homewards. The inadequacy of the funds at the disposal of the City Missionaries seems to me very apparent. Seventy or eighty cases have already been relieved temporarily—donations of 5s. here "and lOs. there; but such donations do not tend to permanently benefit the recipients; they are simply sops to the hungry Cerberus who is now let loose in the homes of the poor. We can raise funds ior the distressed in Cornwall to the tune of some hundreds; ought we not to do a little more than we are doing for our own distressed ? The Mayor, the city members, and other philanthropic gentlemen have moved in the matter and canvassed for subscriptions, but I think a special effort should be made. Is it a suggestion worth considering for ministers to set apart some Sunday for a general collection towards this fund in the same manner that Hospital Sunday is set apart once every year? One general effort and the case would be fully met, many homes would be made happy and furnished with the means of self-maintenance, instead of, as now, becoming gradually pauperized. I do aver that in these sketches I have exaggerated nothing I saw, and in some instances have considerably under-painted it. Tbe smiles of gratitude that everywhere greeted the worthy City Missionary who labours among the poor, and the confidence with which those visited unfolded their troubles to his sympathetic ear, showed me that he was messenger of gladness to many miserable homes. His labours are not confined to any particular sect. Soman Catholics and Protestants of all shades are alike in his eyes if they be bnt needy and in want. What I have seen others can go and see for themselves. 