Christmas. By W. H. Traill. The British the most remarkable colonizing race of -modem times, are alse a conservative and a Christian people. Their colonizing enterprise has planted de tachments in every region of the earth. Their con servative instincts have prompted them to perpetuate, wherever they may have settled, the habits and cus toms of their old home. Their Christian faith has entered deeply into the routine of their existence, and among the celebrations which they renew, under every difference of material conditions, none are more habitually observed than those which pertain to the commemoration of religious epochs. Amongst all the transplanted festivals brought to the antipodes by Britons, that of Christmas-tide has probably the greatest difficulty in taking root. I am not, of course, now referring to the sacred sentiment of the season. That must endure and flourish, independent of the influence of locality and climate, so long as Christianity is the faith of Britons. The difficulty affects the sportive and festal accessories with which from time immemorial it has been customary to celebrate the season. In Australia, Christmas has to contend, more than any other festivity, with rupture of associations. In that sense it becomes, at the antipodes of the Old World, hopelessly exotic. Christmas customs are also winter customs, and when transplanted to our burning soil they thaw inevitably and inexorably, and it requires the stoutest determina tion to preserve them at all. Undeniably the sport ives spirit of the season suffers. A jolly abandon is the very essence of it, and no two frames of mind could have less compatibility than determination and abandon. Between allowing oneself to drift with the tide of jovial customs and setting oneself resolutely to promote joviality in the face of drawbacks there is a wide gulf. The Australian Christmas but too nearly resembles an annual festival made melancholy by the depressing suggestiveness of vacant chairs and missing faces of old friends. New faces, however merry, however pleasant, cannot remove the impres sion of something amiss, something lacking. The old English Christmas is the Christmas of a Northern people, often to a large extent indeed of a people more northern than the Britons of to-day. The sagacity of the earliest missionaries of Christianity prompted them, recognizing the impossibility of rooting out old pagan festivals, to adopt and baptize them. The greater number of the Christmas customs and frolics are even older than Christianity. There are glimpses of the Roman Saturnalia, but most abounding are relies of Scandinavian celebrations. Christmas is Christian, but Yule-tide is almost unchanged Pagan ism. The holy fathers were 'wise in their generation. They knew human nature well. Rather than defy superstition, they sometimes chose to humour it. The faith of pagans was not always subject to reason. To flatly deny that their gods existed, or had power over the fortunes of mankind, would have appeared to them too incredible an assertion. They could better understand and better tolerate the statement that these were powerful spirits indeed, but spirits of evil ; and self-interest disposed them to transfer their adoration and allegiance to the more beneficent and infinitely more potent Deity they were told of. Thus the Julafred, or Yule-peace, of the Scandinavians — a custom as ancient as the Runic stones — still exists in Sweden, by virtue of adoption, as a Christian institution, and, merged into a higher ideal, adds force to the lessons of peace on earth and good-will towards men which the celebration of the season should convey. Extending from Christmas to Epiphany, any violation of the Yule-peace was, before Christianity yet dawned, visited by double and treble penalties. Old feuds were, if not forgotten, suspended ; old quarrels adjusted ; while on the eve of Yule-tide, the shoes, great and small, of each household, were set close together in a tow, that during the coming year the family might live together in peace and harmony. The temples of Saturn, radiant with burning tapers and resplendent with garlands, were readily replaced with the illuminations and decorations of Christian churches. The Yute-log, of which the ruddy blaze and genial warmth is intimately associated with the merciful idea of conferring warmth upon shivering wretches, is a relic of the oldest of religions — the worship of the Sun-god, and used to blaze upon the hearths of our Scandinavian progenitors on the 21st of December, the shortest day of the year — a rude but comfortable symbol indicating the coming resurrection and the triumph of that deity over the powers of darkness and cold and gloom. The mistletoe we have from the Druids, who regarded its stainless white berries as symbolic of purity, and associated them with the rites of matrimony. From this ideal to the} later license with which the shrub was invested of conferring upon amorous swains a license ' broad as the wind,' for kissing lasses who came near enough to be regarded as liable to the spell, was easy enough. The Christmas-tree, although of recent adoption in England, is as old as the hills in Germany. At first decked and lighted up in honour of Bertcha, the earth-mother or Goddess of Spring, it required some abstruseness of ingenuity to graft a Christian symbolism upon the old myth. The ever green fir-tree, from being a symbol that verdure was not dead but only slept, became rather awkwardly the symbol of eternity. The tree itself was but a type of that great tree which represented the world, having its roots hidden deep under the earth, while its top most branches penetrated to Walhalla, the place of the gods. The Hogmanay Night of the Lowland Scotch and of the decendants of the old-time Danes and Northmen in Northumberland and Cumberland, which is New Year's Eve, is but the Hoku-nott, mid winter-night, when the sacrifices of Thor were prepared. The nuts then placed in the embers present a pro found symbol of Spring, or of the related idea of a resurrection. The plentiful feasting is not all Chris tian charity. It ends too commonly where charity should begin — at home — to be that. It is too nearly akin to gorging and swilling to be a Christian rite. The roaring orgies after sacrificial rites are a more obvious parentage for it. It savours of slaughtered victims and the smoke of burnt-offerings, of libations — a little to the gods and much to their worshippers — a proportion but too enduring. Its origin can be traced to our Northern ancestors in the "heavy- headed revel, east and west" which Hamlet spoke of as making the Danes 'traduced, and taxed of other nations,' who ' clepe us drunkards, and with swinish phrase, soil our addition.'' The boar's head, which is so imposing a feature in old-fashioned Christmas banquets, and is etill made a ceremonial at St. John's College, Oxford, is tusky winter, the decapi tated frost-demon whose bristles are icicles, and who has fallen beneath the sylvan spirits of rosemary and of holly — the latter always a plant of mystic properties. The routs and revels of Christmas-tide, being of origins so traditionary, and mainly preserved by country folk-lore, each locality having its peculiar time- honoured customs, cannot endure the ordeal of emigration, especially from a cold to a warm climate. In a new community, made up of individuals from thousands of different places, there cannot be that community of sentiment which avails to make the celebration "go." An Australian Christmas can never be organised into even a faint resemblance to an English one. What is Christmas without the grey or steely sky, the grim twilight, and long black night ? How can the roaring Yule-log, the mighty baron of beef, the tremendous pudding in its fiery shroud of flaming spirits, the reeking wassail-bowl, be suggestive of comfort in a country where the thermometer oft times marks ninety degrees in the shade at Christmas tide, and where, instead of trusting robin-redbreasts and blackbirds, tamed by hunger, flocking before the window for eleemosynary crumbs, a host of blood thirsty mosquitoes settle upon perspiring guests ? Charity may be awakened by the frosty little feet of poor children and the painful shiverings of thinly clad age, and generosity may arouse to warm the distressed with glowing fires. But everything here is unfavourable to such adventitious spurs to humani tananism. Panting mankind can scarcely help envy ing ragged penury the luxury of self-ventilating clothes, and if the wretched are too warm to be entirely comfortable, so also are the rich and powerful, and the idea of alleviating this sort of suffering by throwing open a commodious refrigerating chamber to all comers is too tremendously novel to be entertained. Yule-logs, wassail-bowls, heavy eating, hot punch, warm ale, snow, sleet, contrasts of comfort and physical misery, are not readily available in the New World as in the Old. There is no peasantry to nurse traditional observances and perpetuate ceremonial almsgiving. The holly is not available, neither is it mystic on this side of the world. Its green and crimson beauty- contrasted with the bare boughs of other trees, and the bleak or whitened landscape, is lacking. Our young men appear to have resolved that any bush is good enough to kiss a lass under, but there is always a degree gene attending salutations conferred under nondescript twigs of tea-tree or fronds of fern, made to do duty for the traditional mistletoe. The consensus of opinion which approved the caresses stolen under the mistleto is not to be taken for granted when any herb less sanctioned by antiquity and tradition is sub stituted. The old folks who beam applause and in dulgence at the exploit of the dashing lad, and who smile at the blushing confusion of the coy half frightened fair one in the former case, are apt to wear dubious looks when mere gum branches or tea-tree twig sanctify the proceed ing ; while onlookers as likely as not include people from half-a- dozen countries, to some of whom kissing is simply kissing, under whatever conditions performed. The Australian youth who ventures upon the exploit runs some risk of having to encounter satirical glances when the prize is won, and of hearing some matter-of-fact, prim personage inquire in a tone of disapproving surprise whether those young people are soon to be married. A thousand contretemps await the adventurer, any one of which may as likely as not result in this fair object of his attentions detesting him from that unlucky moment, as the author of mortifications to which tie ill-natured comments of lookers-on may have exposed her. Australians must be content also with a Christmas tide shorn by another of its essential attractions. The Christmas ghost-story can have no habitat in this new and sunny land. Where there is no peasantry, no autiquitv, no folk-lore, no accumulated tradition of the tragical events of past centuries, each centering round some copse, or ruin, or pond, I known to all the country side, it would be I vain to attempt a ghost-story. The Christmas fire side is doubly ruddy, doubly warm, doubly cheerful, by reason of the contrast of murkiness, bitter cold, and suspicious presences outside. The doors must rattle, the wind moan, the boughs crack and rustle, and a stream of chill air from crevices give 'the creeps' before the mind can be properly attuned for the Christmas ghost-story. And even a rattling casement and sighing wind is but the jarring of wood and the noise of moving bodies of air, unless the sense of a darkness peopled by supernatural Presences, guaranteed by long tradition, and respectable by having a body of actual believers, be tolerably general. It would be hopeless to expect ever to acclimatize these conditions in these regions. Ghosts are of very slow growth ; like many other things, they remain incredible until it has become impossible to sift the evidence upon which their claims to credence rest. The Christmas ghosts of the old country are, for the most part, two, and perhaps three or four thousands of years old. The worthy missionaries who devoted, and often lost, their lives in weaning our forefathers from the pagan deities to a knowledge of the true faith, were not, as I have said before, quite able to annihilate them. They could only get so far as to treat them as evil spirits and drive them out, just as evil spirits were on a great occasion, not annihilated, but driven out of man to take possession of a herd of swine. Thor and Odin, Bertha and a score of other Scandinavian deities were not quelled entirely. They hung round their old shrines, stripped of all disguise, in their demoniac nakedness, and sought opportunities of working mischief upon mankind, since they could no longer delude humanity as to their real nature. The early convert in the North believed in his old gods long after he believed in the true One; but he believed in the latter as devils, ogres, wehr-wolves, goblins, and so forth. They whirled around him in the darkness, and howled their furious imprecations in the storm. They raved among the waves, and groaned when the forest was torn by tempests. But most of all were they active and malignant when the days and times once devoted to special observances in their honour had come. When the climax of grim winter was come and the feast of reviving nature was begun, then the deserted god-demons prowled round the dwellings of men, greedy to snatch at backsliders and such as forfeited the protection of their omnipotent Saviour. Christmas was a time when they were sore troubled and grievously wroth. The Christian priests of yore were not careful to correct the fancy. Man is liable to relapses to old beliefs. It was policy to keep the abiding memory of the dethroned gods in the worst possible odour, and what could be worse than to rage when all creation should be joining in hymns of adora tion and joy ? From father to son, from grandsire to grandson, the tradition of demoniac activity at the sacred season has been handed down. Every local tragedy became blended with the gruesome legends ; and the tenacity of peasants, so remarkable in pre serving all kinds of folk-love, did the rest. The demons and witches faint under the influence of modern diffusion of knowledge ; their voices become weaker every day. But yet there are plenty of places in the Old World where fitting audience for a Christ mas story of ghosts and goblins, of preternatural dooms, and gruesome sights are to be; found. But no such audience is to be had here. An Australian Christ mas must be cemplete without the story round the fire. The essential of Christmas, however, remains. Few will seriously contend that it suffers from being stripped of the more than half -heathen and in some degree gross animalism of its traditional accessories. The season is yet sufficiently fraught with solemn reflection, and instinct with suggestions of worthy deeds. ' The poor have ye with you always.' There be battles yet to be fought. Let every man hold a review and prepare each to fight his own. There are better ways of passing Christmas-tide than in tickling the palate and ministering to the stomach. Joviality in the older sense is not a charm without alloy, and one may venture to prefer, what still remains possible even to an Australian Christmas — a frank geniality. 