Jlmmx. HARE AND TORTOISE, Or How the Race was Mox. A hare and a tortoise went out on the loose And the tortoise drank deep and behaved like a goose ; He bragged of his beauty and vaunted W shell, _ _ m But unluckily boasted his running as well. "Pooh, pooh !" said the hare; "hrasris'oit very fine. But at tortoises' speed, my friend, let's dram the line." Said the tortoise : "I'll rim you for twenty, five, there : Five miles as the crow flies." "You're on " cried the hare. Next morning the tortoise rose, weary, from bed, And his betting-book scanned, with a towel round Iris head ; Then, cursing hares, brandy, and such aberrations, Galled a family council of all his relations. They came, did the tortoises, in br the dozens. There were grandmothers, uncles. mint.. I sisters and cousins, But feminine, masculine, father, or mother You coiddn't by any means tell one from t'other. Out spake an old tortoise then : " Give vou all greeting ! This is, by my shell ! something lite a fine meeting ; All our family's here, from each far hearth and home, Excepting the loved ones now made into comb. Now, all who have money ouriracing friend hack, Then five of you go and spread out on th track : That you are not he 'twill not the hare strike, For, friends, are we not all exactly alike Next morning they started to race for the cup : At the first mile the hare to a tortoise came up. " Hillo !" said the hare, "is it you or your ghost ? I'll be jugged but I thought you werestillai the post !" On again raced the hare : but his speed was in vain, For he shortly came up with the tortoise again ; And when, all surprised, to the distance lie sped, He saw Mr. Tortoise crawl in by a head Next evening the hare was the guest of the winner. And the tortoises all squatted down to the dinner ; But what struck the hare with astonishment most Mas the likeness that ev'ry one bore (to the host. He laid back his ears and he chewed well the cud, Aucl at last the transaction he saw clear as mud, And murmured this vow, as he rose from hi? chair : "Run a tortoise again"? Oh, no! not for this hare." 