ANNIVERSARY OF THE WESLEYAN CHURCH, DANDENONG. The anniversary of the above Church was cele- brated by sermons on Sunday, which were well attended. On Monday evening a tea meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute, the weather un- fortunately preventing a large attendance. After tea tihe Rev. Mr. Lindsay presided, and in opening the proceedings apologized for the absence of the Hon. Mr. Balfour, M.L.C., at the same time sltating that that gentleman had been good enough to provide substitutes in the persons of Messrs. George and Henry Davis; also stating that Mr. Balfour had forwarded a donation in aid of the funds of the Church, and further, that he would not oc- cupy their time, as Messrs. Davis and Watkins would address them; and then called upon Mr. Rudduck to read the annual report, from which it appeared that the proceeds of the bazaar amounted to £35 11s. 8d., and the anniversary services to £29 16s. 3d., leaving a balance in hand of 6s. 1d. Mr. George Davis then addressed the meeting. He said that he did not pretend to be a public man, but Mr. Balfour feeling unable to attend, his brother and himself had undertaken to be present in his stead; he never interfered in politics, but remem- bered a story of an American lady, who, when asked what party she belonged to, replied she liked a weekly one. The report which had been read was a very satisfactory one, and evidently a great deal had been done by the Church. The word of life had been preached by their minister, and his congrega- tion had evidently benefitted by his ministrations. Mr. Henry Davis then addressed the meeting, stating that for many years he had taken an interest in such meetings, and was always pleased to attend. when an opportunity occurred ; he was glad to see the congregation taking such an interest in the prro- ceedings, and hoped the result would be satisfactory. Their object should be to encourage their minister, so that the Church should prosper, and was glad to find they had a Band of Hope and Sabbath School in the township, anld would have liked to have known that they also possessed a Young Men's Society, which would be of service to them as a community, tending to train and develop the ideas of the rising folks, and the young men and women leading to do something for themselves intellectually ; in doing so they could also help others, as in reality they could not help themselves without helping others. They must not look at the dark side of the picture, else they would not see that life was worth living for. The Re. W. W. Watkins expressed. himself pleased to see such a large meeting, considering the weather; every dark cloud had a silver lining, therefore they should thank God and take courage. They were present that evening to celebrate the anniversary of the Church, and it was a pleasure to him to note the growth of the Church generally; he made a distinction generally of the truth as printed and as spoken ; nothing could compare with the spoken word. Wherever he found a man who believed he was called by God, that man would have a message to deliver from God to the people. He reminded his audience of the Puritans of the early days, who did not fear to die for their religious convictions. He related an anecdote of the Rev. Dr. Cook, of Belfast, who on one occasion had been asked to open a Country Church ; it was pointed out lo him that a place had been left for a motto, and he had been asked to supplv same, and the happy man- ner in which he suggested that it be written-"This is not a barn." More attention now-a-days was paid to the erection of theatres than churches, and a question might be asked, without sarcasm, how could people understand the Word unless it was preached to them. It was necessary, now a-days, to have a clever Ministry. He desired to see men of eloquence occupy the pulpit. In the present age it was also necessary to have good congregational singing, as he believed, in making melody to the Lord. Christianity was intended to be aggressive, and only in proportion as they were so, would they be churches of the Holy Ghost. They might be most earnest men in the pulpit, but unless ministers had the influence of the Spirit they,would be useless to congregations. Christians should pray for those who preached to them. The congregations should re- member that the young people were the hope of the Church, he had heard men speak lightly of county congregations but he held them in high estimation ; he knew that the most eminent preachers had ema- nated from county congregations, and had no hesi- tation in saying, that it was guite possible that out of the number or young men he now saw before him might arise men who would make themselves prominent in connection with the Church. After a few remarks by the Chairman and a vote of thanks to the Ladies of Dandenong and Keys- borough for tile tasteful manner in which the tables were arranged, and their exertions in trying to make ail a success, the proceedings terminated. 