AURICULAR CONFESSION. , ( To the Editors of the Protestant Standard, j Sirs.— Auricular Confession is a doctrine of the Romish Church ; it is inanifestly. contrary to the AVord of God. Any Sensible man is athazed i to: think that men of common sense, culture and- : education, . should so disown that intelligence with which God lias endowed his creatures, and accept, such monstrous 'doctrines, as from heaven, that alone could reconcile the ; mind of , the Bible-reader to such hetero geneous' arid.' heterodox doctrines, so contrary to heaven's Truth that ! they are the ful filments of a foretold apostacy which was to grow rip with, but oppose Christianity, and was, even to increase and displace, iri soriie measure, the Gospel. This we see is accomplishing its work at this time in the" world, but its end is fast ap proaching, when its downfall will be .tremen dous beyqnd'conception. " Arid a mighty angel, took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, Baying, thus with violence shall that great Babylon be thrown down, and be found no more at all," : Revelations, xviii. -21. Babylon heie is figuratively Rome. Auricular Confession is a frightful abuse of Truth. It is true that we are to confess — but only to God ; it is so ridiculously foolish to see a poor simple creature confessing his or. her evil thoughts and acts to a poor sinful corrupt fellow-creature ; making hiin the repository of all his or her acts1 and thoughts. He or she goes away from the confessional box, self-satisfied because she has got abso- lutiou from a sinful man ; she imagines now that, she moves iri an untainted atmosphere, when at the same time she kriows nothing of the cleansing efficacy of the Saviour's blood ; nothiug of- the renewing and sanctifying power of the Holy Spirit ; nothing of the energy of the Holy Ghost in renovating and restoring the soul to holiness and happiness from its lost state. She- 'does not understand,. and perhaps never heard that he that confesseth his sin and forsaketh it shall find mercy. We" are to confess oursins, but to.God. God knows what is "in the heart, and from whom nothing can be concealed or hidden ; He alone can give us absolution, for ".who can forgive sins, but God:" Peter confessed, but not to man, when he said to his Master, " de part from me for 1 am a sinful man, O Lord.". If we confess onr sins God is faithful and just to forgive ns our sins, and to cleanse us from all iniquity." Auricular Confession leads to un known and fearful acts of atrocity. It binds and enslaves the human iiiirid to sin ; ic rivets the chain that binds to corruption ; it has a tendency to stifle conviction, arid gives a license to un-' governable desires. W hatever nature lusts after, when the man or woman leaves the confessional box, and gets absolution, they are prepared .to coriimit'with-impunity,' withbutjcbmpurictiioriyior the1 Romish"" Church' provides' 'for<thot; only 1 sin's oast;1 but f iiture) Th'e'Church of Rbme're-i pudiates the Bible'.'! Tlie'dobtriries 'of'Roine! arc' -founded, qn'- what they" crilPthe'churbh! which is' -quite irres'pective'Of the'Bible; 'which has. never! been - defined, '.'arid 'never wilPbe. Auricular'Con-; -'fessiori had'its origiii'1 some'hundred of' years after onr ' blessed Lqrd 'ascerided to heaven ; after His1 a'ccomplishing'the redemption of sinners. It was! invented by the Fathers of the Church, so ealled ; some of thein decidedly spoke agaiiist it, Bome doubtfully, but the Council of Trent, iu the 15th century I think, declared it to be a sacrament, and they who would reject it, were to be ex communicated and declared to be out of the pale of the Church' — Iobc ; and to say that St. Peter .was Pope of Rome, and had authority to forgive sins, and that this authority was to be heredi tary to 'his descendants, who sit, forsooth, in his chair, is an incredible and sanctimonions false hood. The Bible does not tell us that Peter was ever in Rome, - arid therefore it is worse thari folly to talk of his power of forgiving sins, arid of this power being deputed to others. All the Bible, tells us of Peter is that- he was more ready to deny his Master than any of the apostles. Denying our Saviour is the inheritance of Rome. I riiyself have the power and fight to tell -my fellow-sinner — that if: he repent — confess his sins to God— forsake them ; and seeks for a renewed heart — embraces our' Saviour's work of redemp tion of sinners, that he shall be saved. "That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe: in thy heart that God- hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be Baved." - The Bihle speaks of Faith, Hope, and Charity; but the greatest of theso is Charity ; . now-it ;is Charity in the Bible sense of the word, . to endeavour to emancipate our brother who1 is enslaved bv and iri error, 2 Tim. ii. 25, 26 ; it is the utmost act of Charity to enlighten the ignorant arid bring them to a sense of the necessity of seeking their eternal safety. This is a duty we owe to God, and onr neighbour,' although in doing so, we may suffer reproach arid corideffi- nation for Buch' an exhibition of love ; but, "woe unto:you when all men speak well of you."- Re questing' the insertion of :this lotter in1 the Standard, : - 1 i r' \- if 1 ; , E remain yours;- &c.;-i ? 1 :! ! 1 : : - , , : : ii THOMAS' 0 DELL. .Morpethj:-Maroh;2Sth, 1879. <u' < ( '« 