"HE NEVER TOLD A LIE." WHEN Thomas Truly was about twelve years of age his father died. Before he yielded up the gliost, however, he wished to inculcate a great principle of morality into the mind of his only son. So calling Thomas to him, to see how a Christian could die, he said to him— " My boy, take this advice from me as a golden legacy—an heirloom that neither hard times, nor adverse circumstances, nor even compulsory insolvency can rob you of. Never tell a lie ! I have lived fifty-and-two years and I never told one." And with this his latest and greatest lie upon his lips, told for the purpose of setting a fictitious good example, the old man's spirit floated off to that undiscovered bourne where lies are useless and a diary availeth not. Thomas, under his mother's care, grew up and studied for the bar. He had fully determined to follow the advice of his dying father, to be a good man, and never utter a falsehood. The result was that his truthfulness gained for him the most unmitigated contempt and heartiest hatred of his fellow-students. When the law-lecturer at the University looked suddenly up from his text-book and inquired— " Which young gentleman shied that greengage at my nose ?" Thomas Truly would feel called upon to reply, and, scorning to tell a lie, he would exclaim, "If you please, Mr. Lecturer, it was Undergraduate Johnson." It is almost needless to observe that after that day's studies had ended Undergraduate Johnson rewarded the fellow student for his truthfulness, and Thomas's eyes bore the marks of Johnson's gratitude 'for several days afterwards. His truthfulness, though it made him universally detested, could not rob him of his natural abilities, and he was in due course called, to, and practised at the bar. His first brief was in a case in which he was retained to defend a inan charged with cattle- stealing. Convinced in his own mind that his client did steal the cattle, he urged the prisoner to plead guilty rather then place the sin of falsehood upon his soul, to which good, sound, and moral advice the ungrateful culprit replied that "he'd see him blowed to Billio first!" When, at the trial, it came to the turn of Thomas Truly to speak in the defence, he stood up and prefaced his speech thus— " Your Honor, and gentlemen of the jury, I wish you distinctly to understand that anything I may say in favour of the prisoner, I speak in a barristerial sense, and that I have no intention of misleading you, for I have no moral doubt whatever that my client is one of the greatest scamps unhung. In fact, I am certain that he stole the cattle in question." The jury found the prisoner guilty without leaving the box, the judge inflicted an exemplary sentence, and the young barrister never received another brief. Finding that he could not make a living at the law, Thomas Truly turned his thoughts to trade. He opened a large grocer's shop, and thought to amass a large fortune by his honesty and fair-dealing, but the fatal blight of truthfulness cast its baneful influence over him even here. "Is your best coffee pure, Mr. Truly?" enquired an intending customer, who came into his shop on the day it was opened. "Certainly not," replied the truthful man; "110 grocer sells pure coffee. It is adulterated with chicory, burnt-beans, &c.;,&c.; It is good as coffee goes, but it is by no means pure, I can assure you upon my honour as a gentleman." The customer stared at him in wonder, muttered something about his roof being in need of repair, and went to the opposition shop for her coffee. Many came to buy, but no one ever bought, for the shopkeeper was so perfectly candid in admitting that there was sand in his sugar, alum in his bread, and preparations of copper in his brightly colored pickles, that he was rewarded by finding all his stock left unsaleable upon his hands. At the end of six months he became insolvent, and at a meeting in court he concealed nothing of his business transactions, his dealings with merchants, and the bills of exchange which he had given. This truthfulness called forth from the judge an opinion that he was a bare-faced and unblushing swindler, and that as judge he had much pleasure in sentencing him to six months' imprisonment for fraudulent insolvency. Even the felon taint could not eradicate Thomas Truly V inherent love of truth. When he came out of gaol, an almost beggared man, he cast about him for the means of earning a livelihood, and finding the learned professions and the ordinary trades closed against him, he determined to become a politician. It would be an insult to the reader's judgment to tell him the result of that step. Thomas very soon found out that if he did not make promises that he never could perform, and statements that could not possibly be true, he would receive so little support that he must inevitably lose liis fifty pounds deposit, so Truly never contested an election. The consequence is, that the Legislature of Victoria still remains unadorned by the presence of that Ivsus mtvrce, a man who never told a lie. Our disciple of George Washington was now in sore straits. His funds were few, his friends none. He attempted to get into the Benevolent Asylum; but so great is the detestation in which a thoroughly and consistently truthful man is held by civilised society that no person could be fouud willing to recommend him as a fitting object for char it}'. Suffering starvation, and meditating suicide, he was pacing the streets one day, when a tall stranger enveloped in the folds of an ample cloak tapped him upon the shoulder, and beckoned him up a right- of-way. Thomas followed him, and there in the dark alley the following dialogue took place :— "Are you the man they call Thomas Truly ?" enquired the cloaked • stranger, speaking in a disguised voice. " I am," answered Thomas Truly. " Polks say that you have never told a lie ?" " VVhen they say so, they do not tell one," said the truthful man, drawing himself proudly up, and tapping the portion of his 1I1 -eadbare coat which covered his breast. l i Do you think," continued the stranger; " that you could possibly tell a lie. Supposing that it were to your worldly advantage, that you could make monty by perverting the truth, would you do 60?" "Never !" exclaimed Thomas. " Veracity is so essentially a part of my being that, tried I never so hard, I could not tell a lie." "Then my friend," replied the, other ; " you are just the man I want. Come with me. and you shall be a writer upon the Age*' The grateful tears gushed to Thomas Truly's eyes ; he fell upon the stranger's breast and wept into the ample folds of the cloak. "At last, at last," he cried, while emotional sobs choked his utterance, " I have found my proper sphere. Thank heaven, the remainder of my life can be spent in the atmosphere of truth that pervades the office of a spotless journal." And the stranger led the unresisting truth-teller towards Elizabethstreet. 