COUNTRY LETTERS. From our Country CorrespondenU. ALBA1JT, October 30. On tibe arrival here of the P. &. O. steamer Assam, on the 17th instant, two charges were preferred against an officer onboard by the Harbor Master (Capt. Butcher). The one was a charge of assault, the other of using threatening language. In order to avoid any inconvenience by delaying the steamer, as would have been inevitable had the usual course been followed of hearing these cases in the Court House, the acting Government Resident (Mr. Loftie) went on board at 8 a-tn., armed with tibe necessary legal summons, &c;, and, accompanied by another magistrate, at once suggested to Capt. Stewart that if he had no objection a court might be held— a rather novel pro ceeding. *£ he captain courteously assented, placing *'' own ^^'' at the disposal of the magistrates. The defendant, on being referred to, agreed to waive service of summons on him, and tibe cases were heard forthwith in the captain's cabin as a court; tibe court bong kept by Water Police. It appeared from the evidence of the Harbor Master that on the last trip of the Assam, when boarding her to take her out of harbor, the defendant was in one of the vessel's boats, which was also coming along side, jumped across the Harbor Master's boat, and pushed the complainant back into his boat, when he fell and was a good deal hurt. However, on cross-examination, and from the evidence of witnesses called for tibe defence, it transpired that it was a dark night, and that the two boats were, apparently, vying with each other as to which should reach tibe gangway first. It appeared also defendant was in charge of tibe mails, and it being tibe rule that all boats should give way to tibe mails, he had pushed past complainant and thrust him back as described, not knowing at tibe time it was tibe Harbor Master; the Harbor Master likewise not knowing the other was 'mail boat.' The court, under the circum stances, only inflicted tibe nominal fine of five shillings, with costs. In the other case, in which the charge was admitted by de fendant, it appeared that a short time after the assault, and when both parties were on deck, defendant came up to Capt. Butcher and used threats towards him, to tibe effect that ' if ever he attempted to get in before the mail boat again he would pitch him overboard.' For this offence the Bench thought there was no justification. De fendant used tibe threats in cold blood, after sufficient time had elapsed to cool over the former case. Public officers, in discharge of their duty, should be protected, and defendant was fined in the maT*1*''' penalty of forty shillings, with costs. I believe there is only one precedent in this colony for tibe obliging course adopted by Mr. Loftie — many years ago Sir Alexander Cockburn-Campbell on one occasion having done likewise. — According to tibe gaiety which prevailed last week it would appear that the peaceful slumbers of the Albanians — of ' Sleepy Hollow' — have been aroused once more. On Tuesday evening last Mr. Florack, assisted by several ladies and gentlemen of tibe town, gave a concert, which was held in the Court House. There was a very fair attendance, and a good pro gramme was set forth, which ran as follows : — Overture ( pianoforte ) from 'Norma,' by Mr. Florack, which was rendered in his usual easy and elegant style. Next came a ballad, 'In Happy Moments,' by Mr. Felstead, well sung and appreciated. Then came a song by Miss Hicks — 'Gin a Body.' Miss Hicks pos fesses a very sweet-toned voice, but her song was rather inaudible, which maybe attributed to the want of confidence only. Next came tibe 'Charge of the Light Brigade,' rendered by Mr. C. Una, who really astonished the weak minds of an Albanian audience, and almost convinced one and all that Lord Cardigan himself stood in their midst. Then followed a song, ' Four Jolly Smiths,' by Mr. Ashton, who sings a 'comic' in character far better than a gonHmontail. Sixth on the list was a pianoforte solo, 'The Last Bose of Summer,' by 'Mr. Florack, which was followed by a duet—' A B C'— by Mr. Aehton and Miss Hicks; both lady and gentleman being in good trim and well up to their work. Another solo from Mr. Florack, together with the ' Gensdannes,' by Messrs. Felstead and Ashton, brought the first part of the programme to a close. The second part commenced with a piano forte duet, 'Chilpine,' by the Misses Seabrook and Miss Hicks, which did tibe performers credit. Next came a duet en titled 'Comical Ghoste,' by Messrs. Fel stead and Ashton, who convulsed the audi ence. The remainder of tibe programme was taken up by negro comicalities and songs— by Messrs. Hayes, Keyeer, Felstead, and Ashton ; tibe first -named taking 'Tambo' and doing a 'Hornpipe'- in capital style, while Mr. Ashton, in his laughable ' Bones ' costume, kept the house in continued laughter. The National Anthom brought a very pleasant evening's entertainment to a close. — On Thurs day evening, the 25th instant, the first series of the Volunteer ball assemblies took place in the Court House. The room was tastefully decorated with flags, &&, and the red coats added considerably to its gay appearance. Dancing was kept up briskly till 4*30 a.m., when all dispersed, after enjoying themselves thoroughly. Mr. Florack presided at the piano, and managed to pull through thirty dances in his usual artistic style. — I have to record a happy little event which took place last Wednes day, namely, tibe marriage of Mr. Edward limes, of the Telegraph department; the happy bride being the second daughter of Mr. J. M. Palmer, of this town. The day was rather a dull one, but we wish the bride and bridegroom every happiness. 