AMUSEMENTS. " Struck Oil " and the " Chinese Question ' were repealed at the Theatre ltoyal on Saturday even ing. The Williamsons were as clever and versa tile as ever in eacli piece, and the performance oenerallv was an admirable one. At the Queen's Theatre on Saturday evening, Messrs. Baker and Farron appeared in their well- known play " Lisa Eceles," and in the course of the performance they gave a number of songs and dances, some of which were entirely new. The entertainment concluded with the exhibition of Maori dances by the troupe introduced by Captain Ferris. The Froliqucs concluded their season at the Guild Hall on Saturday evening, when an excel lent programme was given. Before appearing again in Sydney, tire company will visit some of the provincial towns nnd Melbourne. Another charming musical entertainment was given by the Curaudini Company at the Protestant Hall on Saturday evening. The programme w.os well diversified, and included solos, both vocal and instrumental, as well as part songs, the latter being rendered by tlie company with exceptionally good nffunf-. This nvotiinn- «m nxnnllent tmvr;unrm» will ho given. The entertainment given at Burton's circus on Saturday evening was an excellent one, compris ing feats of horsemanship, daring gymnastic acts, and most comical clowning. This evening the programme will bo repeated. Professor Pepper's entcrtainmentat the School of Arts still continues to boas popular nnd attractive as ever. On Saturday night several changes were in troduced in the programme, and a most interesting combination of scientific instruction and amuse ment. was presented. The wonderfully realistic representation of " Fisher's Ghost" was repeated witli a startling fidelity to tho legendary details of the well-known story, which was calculated to shake the convictions of tho most uncompromising disbeliever in spiritualistic nppnrations. This was followed by a series of statuary groups, ancient and modern, thrown upon the screen by means of the oxyhydrogen light. These groups represent the greatest works of the ancient and modern schools, anil as they are made lo appear somewhat lnrger than life-size, tho exquisite beauty of their proportions is made fully apparent to the spectators. Among the most striking of these are " The Sleeping Ariadne," " Tho Apollo Bclvidcre," aiid "The Laocoon." By anatur.nl transitionfrom this beautiful exhibition of sculpture, the Professor next pre sented on the stage the romantic story of " Pygmalion and Galatea," familiar to most people through the mcdiumsliip either of Lcmpriere or Gilbert. The bcautful statue was well represented by Miss Oetavia Lane, who sang a popular ballad so well that she deserves to bo pardoned for com mitting a somewhat glaring anachronism. Then followed a spiritual seance in which a number of apparitions, some of tliem historical, were made to appear to the astonished vision of Herr l'op- pchiorf, a pseudo- German magician. The series of apparitions was culminated by the .appearance of the conjuror's spirit bride, which proved alto gether too much for him. This sketch served to in troduce lo the Sydney public Miss Kebecca Florence, a young lady who looked very charming as the spirit bride. Tho performance was brought to n close by a most amusing trille called " Mis sing Gliosis." To- night the performance will be under the patronage of the Mayor and (lie Lady Mayoress. 