A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. [From the Dabbo Dispatch of July 4.1 A man named James Montgomery, on bail for horse stealing, who was being escorted to Coocamble by Constable Brown, of Durban, was shot on 1st July while atteqiptipg to escape. When about two miles fpom Coon* amble be tried to induce the constable not to give certain evidence against him, and on Brown refusing the prisoner suddenly struck him on the back of the neck with a stick, saying, " Then take that you Brown, who was taken unawares, was stqnqe(| for a fnopaent fay the unlooked- for attack sp qiupli ' that he nearly fell out ofhis saddle. As soon as Montgomery had strack ]3rown lie galloped into the gcrob. Bro*fn in a mgmpn^e repoyered his consciousness, fend"saw about 180 yards off prisoner and his horse on the ground, both in the act of rising. The horse, it appeared afterwards, had, while galloping, put his fore ; feet into a hole and fallen do^fn. Brov^P, when he saw the prisoner in this plight, rushed up to hiqsj and covering him with his revolver, called upon him to stand, ?t the same time ordering Humphries, the prose* cutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomer's horse. He. did so, and was next told by Brown (who- had prisGper stiU with thp revolver} tq th^ hqnd. caffs op Montgomery. As soon as prisoner beard ihe purport of the order, lieewore i|e vfoald got aUatrfrm^elf to be l*cffl<kui$ed and that he ^?ould kill the pair of them if they attempted to do so. Humphries natur ally was frightened pa approach him, its lie fully believed prisoner, being fheni'despgjf ate man, would attempt tq pajry 1m yiqlent threats into executioa, Noticing Humphries indecision, Montgomery turned to Brown and said," Let me get on the horse and I'll go quietly with you to Coonamble. I came with you quietly all day, and I'll go the rest of the way with you quietly, but I won't hare the handcuffs on." Brown replied, " Well get on your horse, and give me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horse, Brown then returned his revolver to his holster, and as be did so Montgomery im mediately galloped off towards the Casterl eagh. The trooper (who had the handcuffs in his hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, " Catch me now, you , if you can." Brown drew his revolver and went in pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand or he would certainly shoot him. The escapee took no notice beyond turning round in his saddle and laughing at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Montgomery—to show that bis threats were not empty ones— fired two shots over bis head; but they had no effect on the prisoner who con tinued to gallop a way. He went down the bank of the Casterleagh, followed by Brown. The trooper's horse here ran him against a tree and knocked him out of the saddle. Brown jumped to his feet immediately, and again called on the prisoner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, " Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me," but he did not seem to the trooper as if he had been struck. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induce him to surrender. Mont gomery, however, was not to be intimidated —he continued bis course, singing out as the shot was fired, " That's two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can-" Brown, finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery as he did so, yelled out, " That's tbree, pulled up his horse, and dismounted. Brown rode up to him, and not thinking he was hit—for in the dusk it was impos sible to see if his shots had taken effect— be again called upon him to surrender, and Montgomery said, " I've bad enough—you have shot me three times. I'm killed - I'm killed!" He then stepped away a pace from his horse, and fell backwards down thebank. The constable got off his horse, lifted the man's bead upon the bank of the stream, got some water, bathed his face, and told Hum phries (who was about to rejoin him) to ride in hastily to Coonamble for a doctor and a spring-cart, as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went as desired, and Montgomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and then expired. At the inquest held ihe Jury returned a ver dict of justifiable homicide. 