Till: MUNICIPAL WAE BONO [?] I V.ii lAr Oh.ul of Lord Buruti.) 1. UptoiiFQ jtt then, njy tncrry men 1 tho Was wafted from the heights of lOTer&t; And LiuQceitooiiQi, witb exoitemeot hi .'ii, lUito an i-av ma a to roto for Petar SfiUg. Wlii'o B— it'— q ftad hu fricndi itid* *'br the bye, We'U not hs pressing with those Christ mas hills, If you will vole for uaaad for progression. In spue of lamentable irado depreasion. That old account of yours, my brother For advertising can stand o'er a while ; For merry Christmas yon will want a bit Of 'sugar,' that gay festive time to wile : But doi.'t fjrjet, the Councillor that's at, Is 11 — tt — o, thst's the man to make you So koep a look out ou th' assessment roll, And come up punctual it the Towo Hal! Poll. III. Just read my leadera I tm I not tbe man To make of Launoeslon a happy town t Have I not faithfully evolvsd a plan Of; drainage, frat.-rworkt, and then run down ? AM who oppoaed me, or my noble dan, With arathing, eenaursns words and riiiing frown t Nsj, have I not in duty tried to ostoh 'em' With my old taitaful congener, B Diteham. IV. Who would else have thought of pnre And sending men to lad to learn tbo dodge, Of mskiog from our drains guano pure To raise grand fertile crops for stupid Hodge; And did 1 not in pamphlets thus allure A large esnenditurd for this hedge podgel Alas, tbat 'T. C,,' with hu potent soribble, Proved thst I wrote such rot and awful dribble. V. Come and examine me, I go to obapel. I weep in print that we are coins to pot— I lsve my neighbours, but apply the Where Vm afraid tho pitch is setting hot. (And my opinion — this I'm sure will oap all — Is that the hot old cent has gal Ha lot) ; Pur 1 am sure, unlets you think as I do, Your poor benighted souls will soon be perdu. VI. I see, before my nose, a dark bine bate Of nothingness, aid deep chaotic dark— And look with wondrous soorn and din On him who tells me I e'er miss my mark. But oh, I love tho goodly man who pays, And don't consider had debts as a lark. I al wars liked my own canoe to paddle, Altho1 1 sometimes did indulge in twaddle, VII. I know a thine or two of thiB our island ; Born ia your midst, I shine — a light re nowned. I seldom took my feet from off the dry bind ; But of tbo mighty world my ken's pro found. I've read a lot, you see, sad witb a high hand, I force mj knowledge with tnneh biosi And when my wils run dry, ao easy I oan Clin like the deuco frjm old Professor Bailian. vm. ' Dien et mon droit,' I and my glorious paper Will carry all before us Tor Ibe seat ; On the election day we'll cut a caper, Sucl as vou never saw so clean ana neat * We'll talk palaver, jaw and use the sora- per, And butter all, right to their very feet, And when we're in we'll play up with the lot, And for our brother Councillors make it hot,' IX. ?Tm 'W.' that you know. I write like blazes.' Says one, ' And that aro land is on my brain, Which those dashed Councillors took, and my rate raises, Since which occasion I have giran thorn pain, For when my pocket's value they ap praises I does not mindfiis simple truth to strain* Try me. I am a man of the (as ptupfa, I kept a school, altho' I had no pupil' Behold in me —Bays one — a virgin nina*. Which just experimented on one great A great inherent power, behold I find Within me, which but wants to find'.,mu So place me where I'll govern, just and kind And guard your righta with little in t«r I'm E J. S.| I'm up to lota of fun, So get me in, my lada, as No. 1. Bomembcr me, Oh I pass not thon i ny store, Without one thought what timber the -n reclines, And give me all I ask, just one To U That just reward for which my poor a oul pines. I worked for nothing, did my le-^i M «, And in the water scheme my nlmTsUU For I and Barrett wrought, against all ills. MUL V°'° fOT W™' and P«*' O'er the glad waters of the dark blue sea The pnmcj Lanoma once I did command, But this fair Island's dsughter I did seo, And gave away mo heart and brawny hand; * I left tho boundless ocean, grand and frm Aud on the Cataract Hill I to.k up land.' Come up my lads, I trimmed the sails of ships, So in the Council I wiU make no'slins. YTTT ' I'm for the shamrock, boy,. Brio go bragh 1 6 And Irish whiskey is the stuff for nu ? Bring your shillelaghs, boys, from near and far, For I your representative would be, I'll stand for good ould Ireland, tazoa bar, And order things, my bhoys, as they should be. And suroly, as mv noble natna ia Ttllu I'll have some alteration in tbe polls. And Charlie heard, with awe, these mar. tial cries. And at SL Leonards Bleepless nights did pass; How wculd he to these many make replies t He sadly murmured o'er his evenine glass. Sight of them, by jingo 1 eaoh one tries His neighbor and his rival to surpass. Now who'll got in 1 I do not eara a jot I only hope they won't get talking rot. ' Billy.' he cried, ' my hero of the war. w hy don't you rise, and make yourself a star. And for the licensed victuallers go a screamer 1' Billy, with pondrous visage murmurs, ' ah 1 What do you take me for. a aaaseliBB dreamer P No I that 'ere game with me would nerer do, As annul am Billy Waterloo,' 