TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1879. A FEW days ago a London telegram ap- <*> peared in these columns stating that a deputation of persons opposed to the grant- <*> ing of postal subsidies had waited on Sir Stafford Northcote, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to lep?eeirt tiieir-nem on the queatioD. It tu rather pnaliag to know who these people could be and what could be their grounds of opposition to the system of •ob4diaiiig ocean steamers for carrying mails, for that this was the object of the deputation there could be little doubt. The practice of paying a large amount of money for the conveyance of mails in the case of opening up new lines, or between the mother country and dependencies which do not offer a sufficient inducement for trading with steamers for the sake of the traffic, has much to commend it, but there is a danger of this liberality on the part of the Home Government -being jafcri&d; too fair, atadof great injury being done to proprietor* of \- some- lines of Steamers, if -the variotto con tracts are not thrown open in the most anreserv?d way to all who are in a position to cany eut the work; and this Appears not to have been done in connection frith recent contracts entered into for the con veyance of mails to India, China, and Au# tfalia, by which the Orient Company appear to have suffered and the P. &. O." Company have aecnred the contracts. ■ That there Should be a, desire to continue to employ a Company who bad for boom time past done the work they baft con tracted to do in a very satisfactory way was but natural, but that there should be any attempt to favor one Company at the expense qf another is a matter which cannot be regarded with approval by any lorer of fair play. The managers of the Orient Company in England feeling that their claims to be considered in the acceptance of these contracts had not been recognised, and that the P. & O. Gompany had been unduly favcred, requested a Com mittee of gentlemen to investigate the whole of the circumstances connected therewith, and the results of their labors j have been embodied in a report of which a copy is now before us. This pamphlet deals with the whole question of Government subsidies, and the postal services with India, China, and Australia, aud gives a history of the various j contracts for these mail lines entered into between the Home Government and the P. &, O. Company. ,As a repository of in- '. formation on these points the report is very interesting; but there is an evi dent feeling of envy at the success of the P. & O. Company even before the starting of the Orient Company which it is far from pleasant to see. However, this has nothing to do with the main objects of the report, which are to show the evils which attend the granting of huge subsidies, to advocate a sectional j system of tendering, and to urge the adop tion of the more direct route via Aden in place of the detour via Galle. To commence with the question of subai- j dies, the report shows that although the P. &-O. Company draw mnn«n«w .sums on thk account from the Home Government, they do not pay large dividends, and it | suggests that this money is largely used for j covering loebmi on mercantile businees,:a&d; j an instance is adduced in illustration of j this suggestion. It is stated that for many years " the freight charged on goods carried to Australia by the P. & O. Company was £18 per ton. It was reduced in 1878 to £9 per ton, and as soon as the Com pany were assured of the continuance of the Eastern mail service in February last they announced their readiness to carry goods to Australia via Bombay at £3 per ton, the rate by unsubsidised steamers being at the time £4 IDs. per ton." The advantage of haying cheap freights and rapidity in transmission combined are very great, but it is decidedly unfair to the owners of unsubsidised steamers that their business should suffer through steamers being subsidised to such an extent as to enable them to make up their losses on freights by mopping up a portion <rf the subsidy for that purpose. Nor would the merchant be likely long to benefit by the cheap rate of freight, as the tendency in such cases as these always is, as soon as a competitor is driven out of the.neld, to in ordinately increase freights; and in the event of a renewal of opposition to again reduce them to starvation point. These appear to be the grounds on which j opposition is being offered at kome to the I granting of postal subsidies. A word of explanation is required to make clear the preceding remark with reference to the con* tinnance of the Eastern mail service. The ' contact fer this was signed on the 7th of February, the P. & O. Company being the successful tenderers, aa3 when tbis tad been secured they were: in a position to distance any other competitors for' the Aus tralian fortnightly service. Hence the cheap rate at which the contract bus been taken, namely, sb. B£d. per mile; the rate paid on the last contract being 14a. 4?d. per mile. The way in which the Eastern contract was obtained has the appearance of being exceedingly unfair to the steam companies generally. When there was no chance of opposition the advertisement Calling for tenders was issued six months before the date fixed for receiving them. Last year, when there was a possibility of many competitors, only 29 days* notice was given, which did not allow time for making | the necessary arrangements for embarking in such service, except to the one Company. 1 The sectional service advocated in the report is divided as follows":—1. The Mediterranean service, between Bnndisi *r I Naples and Alexandria. 2. The fiarvice between Suez and Bombay. 3. That between Calcutta and Shanghai. 4. That between Snes and Australia. The competi tion for these nectional services would, it is thought, if tenders were called for each section separately, ne very great, and' in-]. creased competition means of course "de creased cost. Connected with this subject is the question of route.. The advantage of Aden as a port of call in preference to Galle,- so far as Australia is concerned, is apparent at a glance, and were the contracts taken in sections as suggested, no one would ever dream in the run from Suez of giving the Ceylon port the preference over the Arabian one. The conclusions drawn by the Committee from their investigation have been sufficiently indicated by what we have written, but the follow* ing extract will help the reader also to form a conclusion as to the source from-whence springs the opposition to postal subsidies mentioned in the telegram referred to in the commencement of this article:—"lncon nection with India and Australia alike, it has been shown that the policy of the Government favors one particular Company eut of many; that by inwafing upon the whole area being covered by one contract it restricts the number of possible competi tors; that there have grown np vigorous independent steamship companies, with which the favored Company can compete only by receiving ever-increasing instead of gradually decreasing subsidies, and applying the public money to the covering of com mercial losses. The time may or may not yet have arrived when subsidies can be dispensed with. The cost of maintaining a regular service, with the necessary overlapping of steamers and impossibility of deviations on the voyage, may or may not warrant the continuation of subsidies for , tie carrying of mails. These are points which can be settled only; by free afiddopen : -. competition." ■ ■ ■ The Orient Company, 'judging1 from the Statements made in the- report, and which are to a. .great extent eapported by documeotozy evidence embodied witii ■ it in 4he 'p?jnphle^- appear to -bare' -a - legitimate ground for complaint against the Home Gorernment, and they are eyi denflydetermfijed not to "suffer in silence.'' Tfaismattor isol special interest to Sooth I Australia just now. Oar Government has endeavored by letters, telegrams, and. per sonal interne ws to obtain from Mr. Berry a , Btatement'of t&.cfn£taaas hi inteada to ' aakfrom os f?r-<h^«iv?ntage we ■ball gain by the P. &jO;, 6ie«ieffi making Glenelg a iport of call, but bithecto nothing definite j has been extracted from the Victorian Pre 'mier. It is worth considering theii whether it may sot be adTiaaUe to make an arrange 'ment with the Orient Company on the basis of their proposal which we referred te in yesterday's issue, to carry our letters simply for the postage opon tiram, suppoainy we can Induce fie British Government to join in such a contract. Eyas if the Imperial Gorernment declined to agree to this it might still be open to us to pay a jsubsidy equal to the amount of the English share of the postage, and that would be less than what we hare hitherto been pay ing, or than we_shall probably bd asked by Victoria to contribute to the cost of the Snez mail service. Our Government is under no liability either legal or moral to the neighboring colony or the P. & O. Company, and it is well that it should be ■ clearly understood that South Australia is perfectly unfettered in the matter, and free to make the most favorable terms with-any Government or Association with reference to ocean mails. Public dinners an a British institution, ynd no great work, good, bad, or indiffe re?t, can be successfully inaugurated and carried through without a resort to them. This good old English way of imparting information and exciting interest and rais ing funds in connection with the thou sand-and-one philanthropic which an happily afloat is cer tainly open to many objection*, but it aeema so deeply rooted in tire genius and habits of the people that neither reason aor raillery is likely to prevail against it Undoubtedly it is a wasteful way of reple nishing exhausted coffers; it is open, more over, to the chaise of inveiglingr from men Imbed wiih excitement subscriptions the generosity of which they may come to regret in cooler moments; while the un stinted eulogies which an the ordinary characteristics of after-dinner oratory are scarcely fitted to give the outside public a ust and sober estimate either of the work or claims of the institution in whose inte rests they an uttered. It is certainly open to discussion whether in connection with Societies such as the literary Fond and the Newspaper Press Fond, which are so palpably beneficial, and which appeal directly and forcibly to so large and liberal minded a portion of the community, it might not be desirable to have recourse t9 a more decorous and dignified way of doing good to those whom it is proposed to benefit As it is, the success of such dinners is estimated by the amount which s collected after the Chairman's speech has been made, and that again depends largely on the position and persuasiveness of the gentleman who has been chosen or who has consented to take the chair. A good deal of stress is laid on such occasions on title and social status, and whan these ace found in alliance with geniality and capa bility it is well, but if otherwise the result ib incongruous and disappointing. We, remember how, about tan years ago, die Puke of Cambridge occupied the chair at fhe Newspaper Press Fond dinner, anpa* gently to his own surprise, and certainly to {hat of -the general public; and although no doubt he managed to flounder through some half-haarfedi about the might and influence of '~fhe Press, everybody saw how absurd was the faint praise and gracious air of patronage from one who-mould be the first., to vituperate "those newspaper fellows" if they ventured with their strictures and suggestions to invade the hallowed precincts Of the Horse Guards. - In the present year the Newspaper Press Fund Society have been par ticularly wise and fortunate in their Chairman. Lord Boseberry, young as he is, has made for himself a name irrespective of that which he inherits. He is a scholar i as well as a nobleman—an advanced and independent thinke* whose rising talents have secured notice and distinction. H*> is already £ot£ Stec&r; of a University, and & not likely to be left out in the cold should Mr. Gladstone ever again try his hand at j Cabinet making. - Heiss man who seemsto beeqoaQyathpmeinee?demicgrovesoramid the more shady and questionable eureonnd ifcge'jof the Eaoeco?in; while with the brotherhood of the pen he can claim a cer tain affinity and sympathy as the late pro prietor of the London Examiner. The speech which lie delivered was.such *8 might have beenexpoct^d fnonMi well-wad" man, whose shrewd observations were . based on practical views of life; and besides being successful into immediate objector inducing liberal contributions, it treated in ' a most felicitous and instructive way of the position and influence of the < Press, and of &e; respofitfbi&ia;*- qf those who conduct and cater/for it. Whether it be a relic of bis" boyhood's j training under the Scotch ecclesiastical system of sermonising, or a result of his ad miring imitation of "his political chief, Mir. Gladstone, Lord Roseberry in his speeches evinces a peculiar liking for Hivfeions of discourses, and the remarks to which we are now referring are ranged in orthodox fashion under three heads—the readers, the matter, amd the writers of the Press. Like a sensible man, he does not waato much time in dilating on the marvellous growth and extent of the influence of the "fourth estate of the realm." Everybody knows that the readers of the newspapers an-now literally "the million," and it is said there is only one person in England who refuses to be instructed by them, and that is Thomas Garlyle. A breakfast-table without the morning's paper is to most of as devoid of one of its chief est attractions, and the man who voluntarily or on compulsion goes to business without at least a hasty glance ' at the news is very imparfact^^m^ied for its day's contact with his fellowa. And as the readers of newspaprta «Ht? multiplied, 80 ; &eu;^Uietoi'Br8jsdiicated and their re-; qmnrnent? enlarged. Busily<n^fc?«e4'jn tteir own- -affairs, in an ageprsgnaat^t: tradu and. hungering; after noreltyi fhif expect to find in their newsfg£§? ipt&£ '■ aafttian* in ia^ce^e<«tratedrflhf^i?«i-facte bleaned (iata^iomay -fjootcea -p«*^*efore them in *: compact-and intelligible form, j To4hogeDe«l ietfof,lho~~oraiaarY?ewth . paper ahould be what ''JW^S^traS 11 or "43oanpraaewiLBeef tmmgl^ffltfo&i; ipvaUd^B wholesome a^^abstantial i ftf- ; lum in little tullt, whit^ifwili supply t OiSbp only man a relaxation Vhich still !Ms > iimtotiSe Eaabeal of Hf^ aad help*h|?i inhiBj*Sanfeh«m«d'wai*tiie4ea?tpw sonal exertion to keep abreast of the thought and action of the outside world. When he comes to treat of the number of newspapers and the matter with which their columns are filled, Lord Roseberry is .both instructive and amusing. Unfortu nately lie omite anj comparison with by gone years, bnt_in estimating the present position and future ponibililias of the Press, h ia well to reinember the progress which it Abb been making in the imme diate past. From authentic sources ws learn that in 1846 there were in all 551 newspapers in the United Kingdom; Lord Roeebeny telb us that last year there were 1,924. In 1846 there were only 14 daily newspapers in England; now there are mom -than that number in Scotland and Ireland respectively, and above 100 in England alone. A. classification of the present plethora of newspapers is very sug gestive. In this long roll of periodical literature there is provided .congenial read ing for both sexes aad to attTaak? and conditions of men. There axe 82 -papers devoted to ladies' faaMonvwhase^perusal it may be assumed that gentlemen, whether married or single, will «void with selfish horror; and almost an number of sporting papers, in which Xord Boseberry plaintively complains that 'file man who, like himself, has -thsxaiisEortoae to keep racehorses, is portayed m a, "ckms be tween a knave and *h Idiot. 9' Biere.are society paper*, j/n&Hi; wby gentieaien for genflemen," whleh are not likely to be de vo*e4 ty T^" den«eTfe of Whitechapel and the New Gat; -end thew are othera of the PcUce Kewt tjfOf vsnoceiA of fcjd gloves and zoaewater, which are never per mitted to penetrate into the Jwidoire of Belgravia. Again, says Lord; Boseberry, j" there are 82 humorous paseis^&nd; this is a most melancholy thing. I say that no such tribute has ever been paid, and no sarowm has -ever -been passed so severe on dimateand amusements of this country as the fact that we have to seek consolation in the pages of 32 humorous papers.". With oar experiences under sun nier ekSea, and judging from what we know of this colony, it is questionable whether climate is solely to blame for such an un happy state of things^ Politics ate for-' bidden ground at such gatherings, and the slight toupcon of party leaning which Lord Boseberry introduced sufficed to give piquancy to hiB ..remarks without stirring up strife by them. Disarming hostile criti cism by comparing his own party to Hagar in the wilderness, he could find no conso lation for them in the fact that they had a majority of newspapers on their side. London -was peculiarly friendly to the pre sent Government, and yet London had 66 Liberal, and. only 20 Conservative papers, which fact prevented him from being over ttnguine as to the desired " appeal to the country" where there were 228 Conserva tive .«nd 535 Liberal newspapers. The only oases of peace and safety he could find for his trieriafl were in Wales and Scot land, for the former had 29 Liberal papers to tdne Gtfuaui f utire, -and the latter, true to its traditions, aad 89 Liberal to 20 Con aemtive. ' In the. last part of bis speech, in which he treata of newspaper writers, Lard Rose lierry re?erveB~hls wannest commendations forifc?pecialGorresponaeate. Undoubtedly we owe much to thejto.; thdf a*e the bete notr of camps and -cabmets,-~T}Qx ate great P7ilight^nftr^ of the TJ*-ngliiA public, and their writings have done<much to keep Govern ments in to expofte .abates whifch ' called clamantly tor redress, and to drag out to the scrutiny of the public gaze plots and schemes which but for them would have keen hatched in a comer, Their energy and übiquity aie «iike remarkable^ for no difficulty deters tbem and no privation dis heartens; in me indst unlikely places, and under tne most untoward circumstances, they ply the pen of ready writers, springing up like the goddees who f atgcofliW liberal already armed for tie fray. We had thought that special corrsspondents were a creation of modern times, but the enthn?i astic Xtord Boseberry traces back-.thaix pedigree to remote antiqnity, "i'fcave always had a lingering auspicion," he sajs, ''that the slave who accompanied the Roman victor in his chariot anb^'wnia pexsd. to Lim that he was .mprtjd was 'purdwncorrespohdeht? Iliaveaqmetimee aggpected that the elder Pliny, whd'perisned at tiie «ruption of Vesuvius, ventured there as a newspaper correspondent, and lost his life in the ilespente sttempt. I firmly lielieve that TJj^beus, who went dowa~into the regiojas jj^^^^p?^of/wniiittiia?O as Uieepeaal-oODbeponasHt -of^some early IvapwJ* TlUytttg.'otoug^flia. Bj#cials so 16winth*ttd^nl,ite* can cate the desire of Lord Boseberry in conclusion. " All I ask in regard to the future of the Press is -that the sacred trust may never deteriorate in the hands of those who are called to exercise it" The Civil Sittings ef the Supreme Court begin to-daj," when ne case of Banbory v. Brdoe willtieMka?ibefbraJCr. Jmtice Boueaut and a Special Jury. ..... j MesHM. J. Stilling & Go. have received a cablegram announcing the arrival of the Har binfqp ioSnglaad'. ' " ' Mr. X. £U 'Sholl has been appointed OiiMw in &e; fteasory is place of Mr. A. H«^fa,«iK> WM«ppouted«o«b* «Om of See retaiy fa the HisMr of Bdneatfou, ud «b: UUere that |fr. TocM Ok Hr.BaoU'ridwe. The Ventral AiutrtOum dL Aonut 2 gfartcalbktl7B bead of oatOa have left Sefyambo, Hewn. Eulaj, Campbell, & Co, for Adelaide markets. ' ' The Gtorenmest jEtgstdgit is the Nor thern Teirilofyfca* tftographjil to the Minister oT?dnca*ioo*l«ting tilat he^aiarranged for the pdnaaa xt th« loiatio Beyoolda, wbo will be aonompa?ied by • apeool constable, in the Ooeaa. : A.* ieputatiqn of the Mreotors off the Holdfast Bay Bailway Oafnpany will wait uon, theOom?ji?fo?er of PririfeWotkttHsfe&fi..;: tlig, to paltmt •gainst **e nnMoaal to fire pSrer to tto A*lla^ft^ Oten«|rr*>d Saburban Bailway Oompany to un tbe Adelaide and Natroclice. ' The Wai«to6 ietttfHt^ <ntt~tfefe rort T3nebla hull lost during ««* ionmef^rffii mail ooach from Adelaide to RrtWakeneUon Friday last have been found «a fi?Miaiv TVnlilfri sniVfmsniilnfl awtaafinrtnawiiir'ia'iyi' We are requested-far date that thetfo- Gnstav Kindannannon the oocmiUn at tkw eilver^eddiaLaapiaeeef utiHih aiinaaisjil ia men* of Mew Obot ?*sge, and that fcokh Mr. Oarey and B£r. ≥ wrtnWtod to the deafen. - -.-• : . •■■•.. The Criminal SittiMs of fteSmu?t Oonrt will be tfontiaatea t?^ i Mib Honor the Chief ?ns&*>. "" f-"-T*-F pn are mf Hn~ii fnr'trr^* *> Jrfj -Ifoajajjiif. J&!r^£g«B^ affiffn 1!^! /Mffp^Mfor JSfioSxWm ffi*ll^" I*^ itf rot * and ?onn yrederiek' Bleu«liaa*iiit 'WlHim, stealing in ~ .- Th«s«i%lte,Jwe'S6, was' idmittod to the Adelaide JI t|isl «?• Monday aunerinc few tninae*4o in* rijfctiaMidjW?ssA Jfanougfc its coming into contact with a. mnajMjeg machine whilst working at Fort Adelaides*: the bum day. A nttbaaDted William Nobw Maiding at XMospest ene.aiao admitted stoA?b dey, jwfiering froai to liii <laniiwi eeived by ita setting iatn II «i nt s ilaafl catting machine. With. reference to tie son-amvaL jn London of fitt barque Ismyr, which sailed from Pott Adelaide on February 16 loafed *$& wheat, the attention of Jie Marine Baud fas* been called to a report made about that time by tbebeadketper?ofiiie ,*lt><"rr c stating that a harqne had been wen stranded*? Beef Bead. Yrom tte description gitiaatif %5 veasel it ii probable tiiaTit was 0* damage as would prevent ser maU^i^«Sj P*"**6- ■ . . ' ■ The following tenders were flpaafetia* the public offices on-Monday:—Kngiaeer-iu- CttiiefePepattoeiifa-Far the atecWai tirttjia. abed and workshops.- Kingston (nx), W. Wisharth *atWlowete forma* 'nd to goods-shed at .KiUiceat {two), M. Williams'. was the lower. Arcnito^tailhieFa Depart ment.—For the erection of police cells at Eu donda(tiuee), F. Serotn'a was the lowest. For J. Kennedy 5* waa the lowest. Soothe atesbtncC laundry at Ptrtiiifo ffi**ViT *"t*t* (fgnaih that of W. King, joa, was the fewest Charles Watts and George Anb|ar,£ae psxtieulara of whose. anast we lawurled, iat Monday's Isaac, were charged at lie raise Court on Monday with haWng in tfaarjaasai aion aeveaaarficle^ iew3|aw?hieh™WW evidence had reference f? certain robberies fade have taken place, sod the findiag of iheattfcles which wezs stolen ob the fremiaes of thefs£ aonen at Part Adelaide. She ease was^e mapderi tor • week. Mr. W. Hyaaaa, who defended the prisoner Watts, apptisd far bail bnthuapflinaaaaii msMjfWei ; AgaMfc luueikfe waefceld wfrtWtoaW tate Hall, Glaodfvfan Waia%fiif?iiii. ftiwiisl 11, to consider the advaaUeness of allowing the Adelaide and (Hands Bailwaj Company naming powe^cwaTi??* XOSaS^ias^^sfr Goodwood.jh?raiMiHn .BwiW a large attawtaw Major fgt.Ty.F.Btadjjaa- aided. A jMigiaiHiiii J^aWtfe Ganges* having the powar was and aa> ■aianflrnrii to the «&<* that it waold be nadmUk? place any restcictio?S on any line of raUwar from Gieodg to any part of the colony, wai'' caccied^. .. —^_. . _ . ;*—■ TBasengen on the Stratiiaiby?-roaa' haw often witMsasd the?j«it«f old trees fait ing on tolbe ?~^ l Hrt' on MAt.<i«]r-«.n^ f ; llg -M. r coaeh to ttathalvyai aiet with *- vary narmw escape from lone of .these oceumncfa. were eight ontiifle jmmmgm, and aa taa eoaahi was about a mile from Soaonga aaoUtraa, which bad beam jaat la^il.fettaMiMoafaalty tiw roadway.. Bad this oceorred-obb-Aiaate sooner the eonseqaeneet sight liara faeea aaaat • diss?tzoui,and tne njusHmeig bad: good reason tocoocrttabtas D^aaelVes nb«n,ihetr ctaape. It would be a vnteetep if some action to remove the old trees onwianging 1 oanatty rokds ware taken. ..■rj..li.*• .' £ x '■ . * On Monday rrritt% *^? men, John Melboame <ele^ams ' t&n;, e^saSesV~w«re called upon in tisafitties £)oort to answer a charge of .stealing jewellery of Joe nloe of £XfiBl 10s, the propentybT'Mf: 43. JL. B. Hsll mana. The |iili JTilTj.ii Timn sriTirafMil^ nature, the evidence ■aauely ahowia*.t?atMr. and barred, had been-bEoken into, and tita jewellery taken. A -watfcac was granted, and to-day a dntef tive andone^C "- . "j*'--j— \ apprenti«&Je;«ve^Mel&«im > af£rm«rte> take charge of the jjrisnanrs, *ad the latter to idontifr tJ^ paCpp?tty, fflL rfjjli m Jtmi Mr CaaS "aasTi' ■ iSm • ' - ■** m * | Flajy IOUvWVHP ' *"B JSvu^fin JJTffTFnH*asf H weather report on tfae A-Mmidfii«A^tart Darwin XelfiSHaPll Wi ' "TMtWa?aaW "Jy^tew^dtaWaajy |jl|ft. pleainiT MkHug ttoZ^StiFmTU*** ways Springs, Si, inA, doiriy, fine, cold; Kw^mfs^^St^^iE^eaiSf Alice Springs, e«lm,eWn?y74nU, gloomy; Bar tow Qtt*;*Mi*ht* r A**, aSayflliraTl; TainantOrajwk.#alin J cw§rf-/Luypangj Powell Greek, SJt, li&4it, dear, fine warm: Daly Waters, «ae, wirai ; SJtherine; £ne,-wa^}^aaiaMk|ea^«]earV£^nwM; SonUiport, Si, lightralear, fine, hot j Port Darwin, calm, eaAr.-Caa, |guasanl? The lasgett csiibit that TnU -be gwit from Adelaide** tt? By*ey XxhOntion is a railway cazriage, wnjefa-narbecm conatmoted ia the Gorat?aaagt wiisHiHii,' It k %aift on a modified form of abe ■ftr^rfrif r^mnpU, the enteance bamg.-at. cither '«?d.'.aaditfce> seats mcsiing down^xhertides of'fiw'BatxfataH? in thetramom. Ah*?S^i*ttiirdsof cheJeagth is devoted to the aeooad^laas, the -flrai-cteas conpartmentbeingdivi3eat>yapartttiaa. The second-chue seats afo^of ■poli?hed cedar, but tfaoeeof the fint-elaas are of cane, with coshioaa for the back i& tiia cflEn^ra. and* thlff apartmft^t is exceedingly comfortable infeppeatance. ttia style in which the eatnage 4g finUbafl ,ia *eat and serviceahle, and tkt workmanship wQTbear compar^w|^^b?rtiinport?darijcl?fc ' Aa accident which ehowsv 4a fleaeeatj^ for impoafng -etrict •anoHwaa "m parions driving through crowded atosda jocoaned «n Monday-afternooii. A «enflemaa waa walking across King. WiUiam-tftnlet jeac the Imperial: Hotel wfceh one of the . Eeoakngtoa cabs raa into nim and kncelcedhim dowa. Wbaaonder the. verj feat cf Oe horsea, aad.beloie the' wheels of the vehiste^ ionld W^^wr^ him he managed to wriggle oat of the way. : A crowd which had qoiekly oafleeted -were 1 ?ipiW. the impreerioa tt>at tbd aitri^fnt wp a . much moreaerhH? one than it really waa^aM ■ it waa with evident triief that they«aw On gentleman stand up. AlAoogh of coarse very ; mncb shaken be 3id sot appear to lavs ana-" tamed any great injury, belt the assane.ainst • certainly be.zagaxdecL at a most marnlkms one. ; The Woxshinfal Jnjga of the Vic«- AdmiraUv OoWt aat. on tfonday, when tfie : barqaeOonrier ana token. The> aw Je )t£^oj ; sitting was weauM in *n «ignnsnt on thi • qoestio? wbettex the defeadasVa plea aboajpf be admitted. The promoter's daua it for «e -: pairs done to the ship at Port Adelaide; aad the aubetaatial allegation, ia the 4eteadaaf« i plea ia that at the time these repair*- were - effected the ship was tinder themnaaand «C m* , petson not a?pomted by.tbe *wnsr, wrh* gwa? •n? antharity for the fapainv<sha sWp towsli been illegally arid and a aHltar aaatiaajajia iwitboqfc his authority, Taa ftfimmiSL 'principaUy ditected to tte qmmtimt jrliatlaar> under these aironavtaatM the pwaar ?ar laahfe .for the repaiis, and whether under Tim ftitsii a iralty law the-pvomoMrM me'entt.tada Hen on the ship for the fltoaer *b*?. ShaJodge : took tnae to coaeltelnMrtskm.aaJ the Court ,adjo«TneawllMond^y, ABgostS?.. .. : Tb? Marine JBoud. ast bin MoaiajrAgtai ■ ing to enquire Into the grounding of thebaimia-- Kalabome at Svofi 3ay od Fa^gr,J^fjS: There wen present Captam B. H^aqm?M, !D. Tapley, and Mr. i. Faraaby (Waraens). it appeared that the Ktlahnsw left Kawoasde fat Eivoli Say oa Joly 8. After ajhfe I^aMM tha arrivedoff her port ot detUaa^B^Sooa oa. July 25. The weather was aad it wa*aoii*whatdifficattte-i&ake;<iot4& ligbV boose. It was, howavcr, seen in ta>vbmt tha laffi* taioretban 100 tons'of ooal had to lie threw*, overboard or lightered batonahe waa«* «ttsm the foUowing Monday, July 88. ThePzeridaft questioned some ot.the witneaws aa to whether jthe eantain was in drink at the time, hot aU of , fthem stated Out he waa perfectly sober. The. enquiry waa adjooraed until to-day, when iha. Board «ill give its decuioo. . . ; « Adelaide "Rifle Company, ia full njuforat^ A« (cmKedioc drill on tie TOicli iiear tiie Bemk>- When OB Saturday afternoon, August 8, wider the flharge of Capt. Levely. Ttonn Were Stilled In marching, oonntermirching, wheeling, iffimsdung, and over file sandhills, ■ad enrobed in judging distances, and in |>oth independent ?nd volley firing, the object of their attention* being a «Ti*'«*g target, which was moored between 700 and 800 yards distant, seaward Up to the present time the Gompaay hai been drilled under cover in the evening, and the area over which the; could be manoMraed was eon sequent! v Tery limited. This was their first "outing," and they acquitted themselves well. It was a happy thought of Cant. LOTely to pre xaie a programme of this kind, as it will add .much to the rfficieacy of the Company, and will-contribute towards making it what officers tort man, desire it to be—a credit both to the •AasadaHoa and the colony. The English nuil going oat on Saturday prevented manymembers Zrosh attending. This is, we believe, the first Company under the National Bute Association that has had practice of this description* The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday is registered as vOuOwst— . The half-yearly meeting of the Equitable Fieelamranse Company was held at the offices «t the Secretary, Mr. A. Abrahams, Hindlej ?treat,«n Monday afternoon, Augost 11. There MB a fair attendance, and Mr. F. J. Botting, Ohakmaa of the Directors, presided. The Tl eaij il the report as follows.—" Your Directors have to report th&t; owing to tbe very Jfaetn ii?inintitifTfi now existing the premiums leceived daring the last six month* hare been rather las* than anal, and they womld impress uaxm the shareholders the neceauty -of bringing as mash bosineasas possible to the office for their snutaal benefit The fire losaes>SMant JhgttM la. lOd. The interest receipts have increased 11| per oenfc,the netduainntitn of pro&taon; the half-year, aa eomnared with that of 1878, being £199 6a. 3d. The nnmber of policies ' ovmatare I*l7, aggregating £1,076y}1S 10s. Bd, aadaveragiag £9At Ba. 101. each. The profit and less account ahowa a balance to credit of £2JBi?l6a.ld,oatof windCyoor Directors re- Maaiaaaad payment of the naoal dividend of IS cent, leaving a balance of £362 6*. Id." On the motion of the Chairman, aeoonded by Mr. Portoc. the report was adopted. On the motion «f Mr. X.Gorr, a dividend of la. 6d. per ahara was declared, and made payable after August 11\. The usual votes of **~"^« closed the mating. A meeting yna held at Mr. C. Parsons' house, Ealmer, on Saturday evening, Angost2, to take into consideration the want* of the dis trict. Mr. XO. Symons was in the chair. Mr. W. Brawns, tea., proposed—"That a petition be seat to the Government, asking that the Tcrowie sad Pichiriehi Bailway may pass through Hie township ef Stepbenston, Hundred of Palmer. Mr. A. George aeeonded. He aaid it was the opinion of a great many that Qoorn waa to he the township of the North. That was all very well; bat be did not see why the town of Stepbenston should not "become a great place, as there was a lot of oonntry at the back of it that was capable of wheat Crowing, which was sot the case with Quora, on aoconnt of the hills that sur rounded it The proposition was carried. It waa proposed ky Mr. Parsons, and seconded by Mr. Syaaons, sen, that Mr. J. C. Symons and W.Syatsns, jmv, act as a Committee to draw up a aunssfel to the foregoing effect. Carried. It was proposed by Mr. Symons, sihl, seconded by Mr. Parsons, and earned—'1' That a memorial be •ant to tbe Oemmlssioaer of Crown Lands asking him to have a road surveyed through Section ST. and a crossing made over tie Wil ldohra." Mr. Symons, sea, propssed, and Mr. Patens aeeonded— * That Mr. A. George and Mr. Kkodorf watch mattera in connection with theGeveraMent jetty at Port Augusta, and that they have power to call a public meeting if ean sidered neaaaavy." Carried. Mr. gymonspro poaad;«n4Mr. Paraens seconded—"That seeing the aeoeamtyfer a Justice oftiie Peace in the Hsadred of Palmer, this meeting would re cotaaagadMr. J. O.Symana as a fitting person for that position." Carried. It was also reafltwsd—" That Mr. Symena, jnn.., draft a UMmiilrt on fbe •abject to the Attomey- GimatL" .ib^Wm receiTOd from Mr. Qsorga W||iliuB cAP?patoc Snatise on the Symp tnMsajaflTasatia?ntofSonstnAa.''byDr.John r.Vojee, «f Adelaide. Althoogfa the auftor wishes it to be mftaajtasd that it is impera tra?y neeesaary to jsend for a aedical man wiUmos delay in all cam at jnnstroke, be manigesjo rriswit • aeaas of pcav?SMUva> and enatan to?atouu- in a aiagu hgp'Bmi and aacewct way within the compass of* law pages. Sunstroke is one cf-the most fatal also—n to which the hitman subject is liable, and in a climate like that of South Aus tialiaits eonsidesation from a medical stand, point hwwmei a mattwr of grave impor tanes. Dr. Joyae doea sot oiaim abso lute originality f*r bit broekxre, bat Btatoi that it ia tbe remit of extensive teading, varified by. the experience of thirty Tests oY colonial life. It distinguishes between the three ways- in whkh sunstroke may affect sha paticot, and after -«—>•—**tg tfae cha ractonstic aroptoma of eash, preaeribea the s|n«upiiste method of tnusrmwuU In every «aae the patient ahoold be removed to a cool and'ahady place, aadeverything round the neck having been loosed, «old water and, if possible, ioe ahoold be apnUad to tbe back of the nect head, and chest. The nape of the neck shoold also be painted with blistering fluid. The aabseoaest treatoM?t it dealt wish by Or. Jour, who attars* eaatioo agaiaat the prevalent bahk of r«skiea*ly flrmg to stimuhods as is done by many panoaa wheat affeeted by sunsteoke. las taset as a whole is cslmlatod to be very useful, eaaseiatty to persons living at a distanne from- a mrJK—i man, aad its value is anhanwid by the Mil'*'— of a list of articles required in the taataocntof sonstroke, and which can be purchased for a few shillings. On Sunday, Angust 10, at St. Andrew'e Fresbytanan obn% the Bev. J. Hendenbn yumtrfl s fli—~^— ■«-« "The adaptation of the lTattjith \n msii's mnoil "^ iatellectaal natore," takingsania text ■xodns xx, v.B, and St. Mark ii,t.37-iS. Jln hit introdoetory remarks he in thosiu Oat his sermon was intended to have a purely «aneral application, and tiiat no direct TT/Qrrrr would be made to the question of opening institntesaad museum* on Sunday, now being agitated in Parliament, his reason being -that on any matter of public interest he pre ferred to speak in circumstances where those who were opposed to his views could have a right of reply. Xhe key note of the sermon was that «Mji perfect, and adaptation is the law of Ha) oeaQngs in au departments of His empire." Tlni'iumisairfirth—"?-£"- * ti^t*h«a-Kh?th or eeventh day of rest was a Divine iaatitation, j—iy.^ for tte moral aad jntollontnal im proTementi< man. fieace,he considered thai it should .be spent in such a manner thataaon should be taken as much as possible •wayfrom Jhe ordinary arocatioos of life, so jfrit fbe Meulties of their minds might be lmWMliI Into immfrtliitn eoataet with raligious troth* aad exercised by private study and reftec* xJotaT IkhSs opinion this end could only be Tiffijff*tff rj ali*tt*i>'"t H" doing or requiring TanaaD9eary work, thus making tbe day one «f Mat, to rich and poor alike; by avoiding exaSng'and* perilous amnsemants, and by frM-ntf*** the heose of prayer. He farther msTiilslniiifnist ibe monlaz of a nation de daia If fte observance «I the Sabbath U negW^aiifl Oaf the sacred and silent power ctthegsaagiMastaonjtersTiWM to the morality (rf a BeoUs'^n any penal laws. He urged in coa£aloA Ibat ifTjeaame cnrrenta of thought lloiredaleUtthechannels of the mmd all the miM aiypttSe weak and all the weeks of the TCtcljnesV minds would wear out, their health ■afl lie de?tt«yea,aod fte rigor of tiieir being WciUbeaolie; bat ttiatnow m everyseventh da ?&e;>ftalar ■priagsof tbe mind bstng sealed sftOtafl ?fe«a? from, the founVain of living qrKrTpeirmltfed to flow along the desertol rnsimfik. men were refreshed and strengthened f«c the work o! the week that fouowa. A meotd « popnlar iempenaee meeting" took place a« the Tempnaaa flaU, North Ade laiaeTeaVMonday evening, Aagnst IX There otb % leaga atteaflanwi, and Mr.<G. Hewmaa vrsaidedTnia Vety Ber.Xlasai BitoiriU.aftota inr Jaaiaanctory remarks, faid he had heard. Adelaide described as a good piotu city, bus ha had told his friends that it seemed sometimes to him like a waited sepulchre. . Then were a great many chapels and ohurche* established ia the interests «f morality, and jet sfaeta'was a great deal more rioe in proportion tothe popu lation than there shauld be. Ha oonld not say whether the actual proportion of drunkenness was decreasing, bat every day when tea. looked at Us paper be saw a long list of miserable persons fined lor being drunk aad disorderly, I and he knew that list did not represent the amount of drunkenness in our midst. There were some men who held rather queer ideas as to temperance, some saying that it a man eonld so behave himself as not to make a fool of himself he was a man of tempe rate habits. He knew men who were in the habit of speaking at public meetings who could not make such a speech without having, as they termed it, a "wet." He painted in touching language the unhappy homes caused by the demon of intemperance, aad said they must ex cite the pity and compassing of erery person who called himself a Christian. In the present complicated state of society, and the tempta tions and snares that presented themselves in a large town, there could be bo better safeguard against such evib than for people to begin early in life to totally abstain from alcoholic liquor. He showed the evil molts accruing from" drinking in early lite, and urged those present to help in the temperanoe cause. He gave a special warning to all agaiast resorting to intoxicating drink from motives of health, as there was nogood in it. IncOTcluainghereferredtothecoffeetavem movement, and made an earnest appeal in its behalf, saying that if the effort that was being nude now failed he could not believe in the reality of temperance feeling in Adelaide. The Chairman also made a speech in which he urged the meeting to help in the temperance cause to the best of their ability. Several songs aad j recitations were given in an enjoyable manner, and the meeting was brought to a dose. A copy of the newly published " Magis trates Guide" for Sooth Australia, which is ia some measure a revised and improved edition of the Justices'Manual issued in IS7I, has been forwarded to us by the Honorable the Attorney- General. The guide is the work of Mr. J. B. Sheridan and Mr. J. W. BakewelL WTA, both of whom bring to their task a sound knowledge of the law and extensive experience in its prac tice. The arrangement of the volume is dif ferent from any «■"■'«■• wocks that have pre ceded it, the principle on which it is based being the divisions of the law suggested by Braiiham. namely substantive law and adjec tive law—the former consisting of the great body of the law itself, its prohibitions and commands, and the utter of the modes of procedure by which substantive law is en forced. Thus the book is arranged in two dis tinct parts, the cne treating of summary «on vktkms, minor offences and indictable offences, the law of evideuoe.andthe duties of Coroners; the other comprising a digest of Magisterial law, with marginal references to the modes of procedure applicable ia each ease. She work concludes with a collection of forms aad a copious index. The sections of the various Acts of Parliament which form the body of Magis terial law have been grouped under their sub ject-matter, and arranged alphabetically, with a statement as to the limit of time within which proceedings must be taken and of appeal being allowed or not allowed. The anthora have not thought it necessary to include in this portion of the work the By-laws of Corporations, or those made under private Aots or by the Board of Hfialthj as in their opinion by doing so they would have increased the sice of the volume without adding much to its utility. A large number of observations and notes of eases are given, which will be of valne to professional men, who also will read with interest the able article an Local Courts by Mr. J. M. Stuart. An ingenious arrangement of reference letters ap pended to each offence enables a Magistrate at once to determine whether it is one falling under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court or one to be dealt with under the Minor Offences Act, and on the other hand whether it may be summarily tried by one Justice of the Peace or requires the presence of a Stipendiary Magis trate or two Justices. In the same manner a Justice may ascertain whether the case is one in which be has the option of refusing bail on committal or one in he is bound to accept it if sufficient. Thus it wfll be seen that in addition to necessarily containing a much larger amount of information than the old Jus tices' Manual the Guide affords greater futili ties for reference. The work was printed at the Government Press, and the typography is ex cellent. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A-, LL.B., is to lecture on " Epheaus" in the Tynte-street Bap tist Lecture Hall this evening. We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Webb, Vardon, & Tritehard, a oopy of a pamphlet on the Blcum controversy, entitled " Parties in the Church," by a Layman of the Church of England. A gentlemen's social is to be given tiiis evening at the liedertalel Hall, Flittders-staset. There was a capital attendance at White's P"""' an Monday evening to. witness the ghost performance, which was thoroughly enjoyed. The customary distribution of presents was also much enjoyed—at least by the leaky recipients. There was a good attendance at the Theatre Beysl on Monday evening, when the burlesque«f "Bluebeard" was repeated. The dicta circle was not watt-fined, but the stalls aad pit wm patronised largely and the gallery was moderately full. The burlesque went very wall; although occasionally there was a slight hesitancy on the park of Uie chiel pertormerr as if they were not thoroughly up in the text or had a difficulty in taking the cue. The chuurea's daneewss pretty and amusing, and as a whole the piece passed of successfully. Ax the Glen Osmond Institute on Thurs day evening, August 7, aa entertainment was given on behalf of the funds of tie Institute by the members of the Halifax-etreeiSehooL, under the direction of Mr. T. S. Lang. The pro gramme, which comprised vocal and insteu mental music, recitations, two aeanes from the "Merchant of Venice," the tamoos quarrel scene in "Martin Ohurdewit," and a negro sketch, was gone <ft??—g*' by the noons per formers in a very pleasing manner. The second scene from the "Merohaot of Vetriee," the quarrel between Sairey Oaap and Betsy Prig, and a flute solo by B. Corrigan well deserved the applause accorded them by the audience. The musical and literary entertainment to be given this evening in the Town Hall, in aid of the Organ Food of St. Michael's Church, Mitcham, promises to be a complete success. A Tery satisfactory rehearsal was held on Monday evening, when the choruses by about 180 children ■were given with good effect. The Military Band will perform during the evening, and in ad' dition to the principal feature of the entertain ment, viz., the "Musical Bobinson Crusoe," a very choice programme has been prepared. The explanatory lecture will,be given by the Rev. J. Francis Hocter, MA. Mr. S. Dyke, who has trained the children, wilLaet as conductor; Mr. Oughtonas organist; and Mr.W.B.Pybu?,as pianist. Tne concert is under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, Colonel Downes, and officers of the military force. On Monday evening, August 11, an en tertainment was given in the Oongar-street Academy by the Buckley Comic Concert Com pany. The entertainment -was very good of Its kind, and met with appreciation at the hands of a small andience. A varied programme was carried out with succesa.tbe different performers acquitting themselves creditably. Mr. Bockley, who is an old favorite, appeared in two or three character songs and dances, aad met with a hearty reception, while the other members of the company were rewarded foe their vocal efforts in character aad otherwise. The step dancing was folly up to the average, and a Highland fling by a lady was especially good. The concerts are to be given every Saturday aad Monday, and the strength-of the company is to be augmented by the engagement of additional talent. A football match, Law v. a combined team of Civil Servants and Bankers, will take place on the Adelaide Football-ground this afternoon. Both sides contain many prominent members of the Associated Clubs, so a first class match maybe exported. The following are the players.—l*w.—M. Afiraman, J. An ■ ttiony, J. BampfieJd, 8. Btoeebmore. V. W. Belt, J. Brophy, E. B. Oolton,V. O. Drimeld, — Kglington, S. Evans, C. K. Herbert, W. KjuH, J. Muirhead,J. Palmer, J.H. Sinclair (captain), J. Smith, A. 2. Smythe* H, W. Varley, H.S. Wyatt, J. E. Woods. Combined Teak-R. Osbome, 8. M. Turner, B. T. Woods, C. W. Hughes (captain), A. Wilson, F. Prove, C. Dewhirst,S. Dyke,T. James, J. Darwant.H. Blinman, A. LUdeU, A. Shawyer, L. Herbert, J.Lyall/O. Drimeld. A. JTrayne, W. TeraaO, — Blair. Emergency—F. Hallett, F. Clark, — Young. Mr. W.&J.lMUiian; will act as cen tral umpire. ■? •9* Barker k Chambers desire us to call at tention to their Sale, at Start Bazaar, This Day, at 2 o'clock, of 85 Oar* Mans and Geldings, aad a beautiful Shetland Pony, on account of Mr. R. Copaman, Melbourne, aad the Draught Stal lion Young Pioneer, for Mr. K. Steen, of Tungki?o. . Adelaide ... (KMO Blinman ... O-O30 Iteboaa ... 0*030 Wilmington ... 0030 Ltun 0-130 Port Pine ... 0.030 Jamestown ... 0-110 Gladstone ... 0*084 Georgetown ... 0200 fiedhill ... 0-080 Koonnga ... 0O50 Clare 0070 Horleton ... 0-180 Wallaroo ... 0*030 Kadma ... 0-050 Mocmta ... O-O4O Port Victoria... 0-010 Yocketown ... 0-030 Wentworth ... 0130 OverUndCorner OOSQ BUachetown... O060 Birerton „. 0-120 Kapvnda ... 0050 T&nnnda; ... 0OS0 •Gmwtor... ... 0-110 Mannon ... 0190 KoontTinaniiil 0290 Onmecaeha ... 0100 Mount Tomns 0180 Noarlunga ... 0*025 Uxmnt Bather 0130 8trath«lbyn ... 0-080 Waittnga ... 0030 Nbrmanrille ... 0305 Fowler"* Bay... (W)*) Streaky Bay ... 0070 Port Lincoto ... 0335 Cape Borda -.... 0530 S3nncoto ... 0445 OapeJerris ... 0 230 PortKUiot ... 0233 Goolwa 0150 Kingston ... 0-230 Babe 0-560 Vameoorte ... 0120 Penola_ ... 0-339 HUBeent ... 0300 MountjGamblor 0-430 