General News. The assets of the City of Glasgow Bank turned out £1,500,000 better than the liquidators, expected. . The President of the Marine Board has gone to Port Pirie to hold an enquiry into the stranding of the Wodonga, at Shoalwater Point. Up to the time of our going to press the result of the enquiry had not reached us. The Advertiser libel case has been decided in favor of the defendants. Thej Mount Gambler people petitioning forfthe removal of their S.M., Mr. T. Ji S. O'Halloran. A man named Oates has been severely injured by a blast at the Hamley Mine. , The approach of the "cough" season is bleating a little alarm in the minds of the asthmatic and those who have a tendency towards bronchial 'affections, influenza, coughs, . hoarseness, and the like ; and to be forearmed they shpuld be foreadvised las to remedial and preventive measures. They cannot obtain a better specific*, than DOWNER'S COUGH ELIXIR (North Parade, Port Adelaide), which acts powerfully on mucus accumulations, aids the lungs to throw off offending matter, soothes and heals the irritated and relaxed membranes of the chest, and speedily restores the sufferer to health and strength. Where there is any predisposition to pulmonary disease this Elixir will be found a most reliable preventive. When about to act in a way which will be dishonorable, remember that when a man has once entered on a bad course, in nine cases out of ten no human power can prevent him from continuing in it. English advices state that—"Cotton, iron lead, and chemicals continue advancing, appaently because, money lis abundant and credit im-' proving." An exchange declared that a man who will read a newspaper without paying for it will pasture a goat on the grave of his grandfather, and send in a bill to the old man's wife for keeping the grave clear of weeds. A correspondent doesn't like doctors. He writes :—" No one ever saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather around Ms ghost, and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly, ail the other ghosts, and ghosts -are an ungrateful class of:people." The total wheat-yield in Victoria last season was 7,042,964 bushels ; of this 1,316,612 bushels are available for "export. The average yield per acre was a fraction less than ten bushels. Negotiations have been conducted between the principal maritime Powers with a view to common regulations to be observed by vessels of all flags for the prevention of collisions at sea. A set of regulations has been drawn up and approved by most of the Powers interested, and there is a prospect of an international Convention being concluded shortly, by which these regulations will become effective. An invention comes from New Zealand in the shape of a gun for driving nails. It is not unlike a common gun in shape and size. The nail is inserted in the muzzle and slides -to the bottom, when a rod falls upon it and drives it with one blow. By this method one man can 1 do the work of half-a-dozen. | Plans have been perfected and prospectuses issued for a scientific and educational tour around the world. A first-class iron steamer has been purchased, and is now refitting for this expedition. The voyage IB expected to last 16 months, pnd the expenses of each student, indudmg staterooms, meals, and tuition, will be $2,500. Any person who takes a newspaper regularly from the post-office—whether directed to his name or another's, or whether he has subscribed or not—is responsible for the payment. If a person orders his paper discontinued he must first pay all arrears, or the publisher may continue tosend ituntilthey are paid, and collect the whole amount, whether the paper is taken from the office or not. The Courts have decided that refusing to take newspapers and periodicals from a post-office, or removing and leaving them uncalled for, is prima fdoie evidence of intentional fraud. One of the officers killed in the Afghan war ( shareholder of the Glasgow bank) left a widow and a five children, who, on returning to England the other day, found themselves absolutely ruined. The unfortunate woman subsequently went mad. A ship owner in Liverpool has been fined £100 for sending a ship to sea in an unseaworthy state. The vessel foundered and all hands were lost. The dairymaid pensively milked the goat, And, pouting, she paused to mutter, I wish, you brute, you would turn to milk, And the animal turned to butt her. There are now only 143 newspapers published in Great Britain, as against 151 last year. 18 are London papers, 85 are published in the provinces, 21 in Scotland, 16 in Ireland, 2 in Wales and 1 in Jersey. Cigars made from the leaves of the Eucalyptus, or blue gum-tree, are said to be very efficacious in asthmatical affections. Don't trust people who have the knack of rolling their eyes and looking upward. A tack means most mischief when it points heavenward. A lady who saw a sailor beaten and pounded by a brutal captain was made so ill that she remained below deck for several "days. When she once more made her appearance on deck the sailor .was at the wheeL In great sympathy she tfent to him, full of the memory of the dreadful event, and said, "How is your head to- day ?" He had himself forgotten the little circumstance, and glancing at the compass, cheerfully replied, " West nor' west and running free, madam." It is said—but of course we don't believe it— that in some parts; of America girls are so hard up for husbands that they will take up with even printers and lawyers! -The first thing a man takesto-m his-life is milk; the last, bier. The total liabilities of the Indian Government are at least 144 millions, being an increase in the last ten years of some 42 millions. Of this increase 24J millions have been expended as capital outlay on public works, viz., 9f millions on irrigation works, and 14f millions on State railways. Henry VIII., during his reign, signed the death-warrants of 72,000 robbers, thieves, and vagabonds. /In the latter years of Queen Bess the average number of criminals executed each year was 350. Vote by ballot was first. known among the Grecians. When one of them was to be elected for an office, each voter threw a crumb ol L i ead into a basket, carried by a servant round the table, and whoever objected to the candidate flattened the crumb on one side. A man in Michigan swopped his horse for a wife. An bachelor acquaintance said he'd bet there was something wrong with the horse, or its owner never would have fooled it away in that manner. Mr. Downer, North Parade, has introduced a new and agreeable remedy—Downer's Podophyllin Seidlitz.—It is refreshing, cooling, and blood- purifying ; aids digestion, relieves the bowels, stimulates the liver to healthy action, and is the best and safest aperient that can be used. Sufferers from neuralgia, sick headache, &c.;, will find its occasional use beneficial both as a remedy and preventive. 