CHAPTER VI. I BAVESDEOPPEBS. I I see the two moa look furtively Bt each other, BB I sit down on a bench and Kane Kavanagh kneels down to take off my skates. That Kane knows Mr. Brabazon by appearance I am perfectly aware of. but I don't know if Mr.' Brabazon knows Kane, Suddenly, however, my conjectures are set at rest by Mr. Brabazon saying, pleasantly ; "Why, I'm beginning to forget all my old friends, I have been so long away. How are) you, Kava- nagh ?" \ Ho holds out his band, which Ksne\takes in a reticent manner. \ " Soon to be your opponent," he said, half -shyly. "Aye !" laughs Mr. Brabazon, as he wrestled with DÍB skates, and is presently reduced to the ignominy of having them taken off by a small boy who has been anxiously waiting for the job. "Aye, so I understand. Well, if opponents, we may yet ,be friends, I hope we can agree to differ. What do you say, Miss Crosbie ?" ?. \ "I suppose BO," I reply. ; "Which side are you OB, Miss CrosbiePÍ asks Mr. Brabazon, as we turn out of the lane, arid walk down the road. ' " I don't know," I say promply. " I know next to nothing about politics. I think," I continue, " that I'm a Liberal." " Bravo," cries Kane Kavanagh, " then you are on my side, Angela." "Amir " Oh ! but I am a Liberal also," interposes Mr Brabazon, " I am a Liberal- Conservative." " I am not a Conservativa, I know that," I Bay, emphatically. I don't care for tbiags that are only accepted because, as Tennyson says : They (lowly widen down From precedent to precedent. " In fact," laughs Mr. Brabazon, " you would like to do all things in a burry. You would like an occassioaal political and social convulsion, rooting up every time-honoured law and custom, and then letting them settle down as best tbey might, trusting to fate to bring forth some kind of order from tbe chaes ?" I am not quite sure what to say ; I do not quite understand him. " Anyhow," I exclaim, catching at a floating spar from his speech and clinging to it with desperation, "I daresay a good political and social convulsion does no barm sometimes-it serves to clear tbe mental atmosphere." " Ah, a good idea that. Your politics are Home Rule, Mr. Kavanagh ?" " Decidedly ; and for religieus equality, and equality with reference to religious education." " You are a Preteatant, Mr. Kavanagh ?" I fanoy there is a slight accent of surprise in Mr. Brabazon'« voice. , " Yes." " And yet you hold these opinions ?" " And yet I hold these opinions." I am beginning to feel uncomfortable, for I know from experience i how excited Kane Kavanagh be- comes when discussing such matters. " Curious !" the word is uttered by Mr. Brabazon. " Then may I ask if you approved of the disestablish- ment of the Irish Protestant Church P" " Most certainly," exclaims Kane Kavanagh warmly. How glad I am that our gat« appears in sight as we turn the corner of the read. " What right hid we to it P We were in tha minority. Our religion is not the religion of the people. The pride of that haughty church establishment deserved a fall. Why should not every religion support its own ministers P It was not fair that all other creeds were obliged to support ni." "I am sorry I cannot agres with you, Mr. Kavanagh," replies Mr. Brabazon, as we slacken our pace as we near our gate. " I confess I am a Con- servative to the core. Good-bye," and be hands me my skates, railes hit hat, and walkt away, whilst Kine Kavanagh enters the house with me. "That fellow ia nice enough to speak to," says Kane, as we walk up to the hall door," but he's a bloated aristocrat." " I cannot help laughing, " Now, Kane, den't go and write an article and call him so in the Timoleague Falcon. You know you'd do it as soon as walk out." "Not I!" he exclaimt, balf contemptuously, as his eyes wander over the Timoleague Hills, now crested with snow. The dying November sun is catt- ing a rose-flush over them ; presently it sinks bebind them, and verily it may be said. Then hath departed a glory from the earth. In honour of Kane Kavanagh going to dine with us, I keep on my pretty grey dress with the scar- let trimmings, and tie back my luxuriant locks with a scarlet ribbon, When I come downstairs I find Kane in the drawing-room, sitting in an arm-chair by the side of the fire which flickers over the picture frames and the furniture. "A penny for your thoughts 1" I exclaim mer- rily, as I come forward and teat myself upon the fender stool, with my feet buried in the long-haired fluffy, white hearthrug. "Tbey were worth more," he ssysgallantly, "for they were about you." " I am glad there is not light enongb, or you would see bow I «m blushing," I reyly. " At all evente( I'm sorry to be the means of making you look so solemn." I think Kane gives a little sigh. Just as I am debating this in my mind it suddenly occurs to me to enquire if any letter bas come for me. Stretching backwards, I ring the bell, and Anne appears in an- swer to the summons. " Was there any letter for me while I was out ?" " Arrab, Miss Angela, honey, Bbure the post kern afore yeb wint out this momia'." "I know that. Did anyone leave a letter here for me P" " No, miss," with alacrity ; " the sorra lettber there's here for yeh." "That is odd," I tey, half to myself. "There, that will do," and Anne shuts the door and departs into her own regions. "What a nuisance 1" I tay, leaning my chin upon my hand, and staring into the fire. " May I ask what ?" I am dying to tell Kane Kavanagh about the in. vitation, and yet I scarcely like to do so, "Oh, a letter I was expecting, that'« all-Mr. Brabazon"-it it all coming now. " Mr. Brabazon,' I repeat, " laid that Lady Clanveih had sent me an invitation-had tent off tbe invitation to me to-day _to go to the ball with her on the fourteenth." " Will you go, Angela P" " Go !" I ejaculate. " Of course I'll go, unleat papa should say decidedly tbat I must not," "Angela," lays Kane, bending forward, and there ¡s a queer tone in bis voice, " I can't stand this any longer." " What ?" I ask in amazement. " What is tbe matter with you ?" " Tell me the truth, Angela. Ia that fellow-that Brabazon-is he making love to you P" " Kane !" Into the one word I try to throw as much dignity BB possible, and draw up my small person proudly, " There's very little us» in my telling you whBt you must know right well, Angela, and that ii that I love you better tban anything in the world, and my fondest earthly desire would be to make you my wife. You know I leve you, Angela, don't you ?" I know it as well as I know that Kane Kavanagh is sitting beside me. "Perhaps you were too young and innocent, to find it out, Angela," he says humbly; "and I may not have gone the right way about making you care for me. But if you would only consent to be engaged to me, and that we see each other of tener, you might then come to know how much I care for you." I confess that for some time past I have been ex- pecting this declaration. A week ago and I should have quietly, accepted bim, and have been a deco- rously happy engaged young woman ; but to-night some strange feeling tells mestbat I wish Kane Kavanagh had continued to be my friend, and bad no desire to be my lover, "Haven't you anything to say to me, AngelaP" ho asks, wheeling his chair round until he sees my face, with the firelight dancing upon it. " Ob, Angela, if I could only hear you say, ' Kane, I love you also!'" " You couldn't expect me to say so all in a burry," I reply, diplomatically, As the drowning man catches at a straw, to Kane Kavanagh catches at my random remark. " Angela," and be gently takes my hand in his, " only tell me this one thing, and I'll try to be satis» fled for the present-Do you care for anyone else ?" "Yes," I reply, gravely, qualifying it tbe next minute, as I feel the man's breath catch and come short ; " I care very much for papa, of coursa." "Don't make fun of me, Angela," be says, and there it a pain in his voice. "Angela, till me honestly, do you care, ever so little even, for this Brabazon ?" "In the first place, you know, Kane," and I withdraw my hand from his, " you have no right to ask me such a question ; and in the next, sup- pose it were the case, I shouldn't tell you-there now!" " God knows I know I have no right to ask," be replies, bending hit goodly head; " but I can't help feeling jealous of that fellow." "Suppose we change the subject, and talk of something elee betides Mr. Brabazon," I suggest. " Let us talk about you, Angela," be says, looking up, with just the ghost of a smile in his blue eyes ; " and the question I now ask you is no light one Do you think you shall ever care for me ?" " I do care for you, Kane," and I turn my face again to the fire. Kane is a wise man in bis day and generation, for he leans forward, and this time he possesses himself of my two hands. " Angela/ how much do you care for me ? As much at I care for you ?" What on earth, I aik myself, is luring me en to play this coquettish part ? " I don't know how much you care for me, so how can I tell," I reply. " Then I'll tell you, Angela," be exclaims, in a voice quiveiing with emotion, and I feel the streng man's hands tremble. " I'll tell you. I love you with all my heart and soul, and with every nerve and fibre of body. I look up to you as all that is best in woman, and you are the one woman in the world I aball care to make my wife." I am almost frightened at Kane's vehemence. For long enough I have known ho waa fond of me, but the tide of feeling which his words and tones con- vey sbow Kane to me in altogether a different light. "Kane," I say-I don't know what prompts me to ask this-" but suppose-suppose I were false to you, what would you de to me ?" " Pity you, darling," he exclaimt, with ineffable tenderness in his tones ; " for I am foolish enough to think God intended you for me, and that in the .nd you coald not be happy unless you were with me." " You ere very lenient, Kane, Do you know what I should do to a man who played ma false ?" " What, darlirg P Why what a light there is in your eyes 1 Well, what would you do ?" "I should kill him," I reply, starting np and giving a further start as I tee Anne standing at the door. 