NEW S OF THE D A Y From Hay we have moat important intelli gence in reference to the Kellys. . As will be. seen from a telegram published elsewhere, all doubt as to the gang having crossed the border is now removed. They probably found mat ters getting rather too warm for. ,tliem in the Benalln and Mansfield districts, and deter mined to make a bold dash for Queensland, no doubt with the intention of making somo . Northern port, and getting out of Aus tralia. Tho flight appears to have been managed with the cunning and skill that have distinguished all the move ments of this desperate gang. Our i Sydney telegram further informs us that the New South Wales police are still on the track : of the murderers; and as they are now away from their sympathisers, and in a more open country, the Kellys and their associates will probably soon bo brought in dead or alive. _ The absence of tenders yesterday for altering icket-nippers appears to be a source of annoy- nco to tlie Railway authorities, as they were bent on having the new idea worked. The ( riginal nippers were manufactured by a me chanic in Melbourne, and used for the flrst time at the Berry banquet, when all tlie tickets were embossed by the nippers as a guarantee of the holders being present at tlie banquet ; and so well did it suit the purposes of the de partment, that Mr Woods gave immediate orders for tenders to be called to supply them. No doubt strict inquiries will he instituted to find out who is to blame for not furnishing particulars to intending tenderers. The Railway department is now of opinion that some stones must have got in between tho points at Newmnrket, to have caused tlie late accident at that place. The Engineer-in- Chief in his report is certain that it arose from no_ other cause, as on examination of the points, they were found in perfect order, and the fact that part of the train went on to one line, and part on another, proves to liis mind, that after tlie engine passed over tlie points, the stones that lay between must have keen pulverised, and, as a natural consequence, the points, freed from the obstruction, acted pro perly and threw the othor part of the train on tlie line it should have originally taken.' Tlie reports of the other accident have been also received, hut owing to tho absence of Mr Woods, no action has been taken in the matter. Detective Hayes made a clever capture 111 Bourko street last night. On the 1st of the month a laborer, named Thornley, whilst 011 a visit to Melbourne, was robbed of a watch and £8 in money, besides sonic silver. Knowing his man to he a "suspect," Hayes accosted him in Bourke street last night, and having got liim into conversation, asked him tlie time. He innocently drew out the wntcli, which the detective managed to secure in order to examine, and lie then discovered that it was tlie one lost by Thornley. Ho was nt once arrested, and this morning was re manded till Thursday. Two ill- looking specimens of tho larrikin class, named John Coffey and John Hartigan, were charged nt the Emerald Hill Court this morning with resisting the police in tho execution oi their duty. Constable Kemp was arresting a man for insulting behavior in Montague street on tho -1th inst., when tlie prisoners, who belong to a gang of notorious larrikins, attempted to rescue their comrado. This attempt was, however, successfully re sisted, and tho two men afterwnrds arrested. The bencli sent each of tlie prisoners to gaol for one month. O11 the 20th of December last, Mr Superin tendent Wincli received a letter from Mr John Robertson, of the Melbourne Dye-works, call ing attention to tlie houses opposito his back gate. I11 one of these the other day a man was robbed of £100. The police, it seems, have cleared them out a grent many times, hut they were always let to the same class of people again. We now use Mr Robertson's own words : "I employ a good many young men and ivomen. The men and boys will per sist in sitting at tho back-gate during meal hours in hot weather, and that is the time the _ above characters make the greatest display of their villany. They aro hanging aiiout constantly nt tho end of the lane adjoining my premises, so that respectable people are afraid to come to my shop; and there are some of tho girls, mere children, who are in the habit of decoying drunken men to these houses, which tho constables can see for themselves." Acting on instructions from In spector Montfort, Constables O'Meara and Herbert yesterday arrested threo men, named John Murphy, John Williams, and Malcolm M'Donald, for vagrancy. They were tenants or habitues of tho cottages com plained of, and their . characters were described by the police as of tho vflest. They were known as denizens of Rats' Castle and Wombat Hill, places known to tho Molbourno police aB almost inaccessible. M'Donald is known amongst his companions as Lord Hops, from a Byronic deformity he is troubled with. Constable Hutchinson and Detective Williams spoke of the oharaoter of tho men, against whom there wore many previous con victions, and they were sent to gaol for six months' each. The rising generation is not, or rather a por tion of it is not, promising much to the future, or the Police Court records belie themselves. This morning, threo respectably-dressed young girls, named Johanna Driscoll, Bridget Ryan, and Catherine Flanagan, were brought heforo tho bench chnrgod with vagrancy. They had been found in an empty house off King street, yesterday morning, at ten o'clook, by a constable, with a number of larrikins, who escaped. The police ovidenco disclosed o vory shocking stato of tilings. Mr Panton told tho parents, who appeared in court, that they ought to bo ashamed to _ allow their childron to roam the streets in this way, and having read tlie latter a good lesson, dis charged thein. "My father is a Wesleyan clergyman at home, and I am a student of Trinity College, have only just arrived from England by tlicBen Novis," was tho plea of a man named W. K. Applebe, who was charged atthoCityPolico Court this morning with vagrancy. He had boon seen hanging about tlio Flagstalf-liill Gnrdens for soine nights by a constable, and as it did not appear he followed any pursuit ho was arrested. Ho had brought with liim letters of introduction to tlie Rev. Mr Waugh, and as lie prayed for a remand 111 order to get cleared, it was granted to Monday. Tho lady who complained of a sevoro slinking over tlie accident that occurred to tlie train in which she was a passenger at New market, made application to the Railway de partment for damages! After a considerable number of interviews and arguing, her claims were satisfied in tho amount of £15. The fireman, Harmes, who sustained serious injuries from fnlling off the engine at Spencer streetonNew Year's morning, is, wo are glad to state, progressing favorably. His senses liave returned in a great measure, and lie is able to talk rationally, though, at times, lie still bIiowb symptoms of weakness in the brain, It is expected that in a week or a fortnight tho man will bo discharged from the hospital. A smart arrest was madehy Senior-Constable Bergin at Sandridge, this morning. He had just received the crime report, and noticing a mail standing outside tlie watchhouse gate, who answered the description of ono J. Ferris, who was wanted on a charge of assault with in tent upon a servant girl, in tlie employ of Mr Hutchison, at Warranilyte, Bergin went out and accosted liim. Tlie man then acknowledged that lie was the party wanted. He was at once taken heforo the magistrates, who were presiding at the court, and remanded till Mon day next. The man only arrived in Sandridge last night, nnd it was expected lie would inako for that port for the purpose of shipping in an out-going vessel. The electric light continues to be used for night-work 011 tlie Oakleigli railway, at Praii- ran. A considerable number of people were attracted hy it last evening. The light is ele vated about thirty feet 011 an affair like a poppet head. Under the management of a few gentlemen of tlie Torpedo Corps, ill uniform, the electricity is generated by a steam engine, which, through tlie usual medium of a running band, grinds out the elemental force, and it sputters in tlie most lively manrer with an abundance of sparks and tlie familiar ticking noise. A couple of thick telegraph wires lead up to tlie lantern, which is in the prismatic form. The light burns almost steadily for any number of hours, We had the pleasure to-day of inspecting a very superior picture upon which Mr T. Wright, of Bourke street, is engaged, for the next Exhibition of Victorian artists. Tlie oil painting is of large size, and represents tlie scene which was heforo tlie eyes of the poet Gray when he | wrote his Elegy. The work is not yet finished, but connoisseurs may be in vited to pronounce upon it with tlie assurance of a verdict of high praise. It is quite original, composed from multifarious pencil sketches made hy Mr Wright when in England. All the features mentioned in the Elegy are recognisable at once, and tlio whole picture hns a most sympathetic tone diffused over tho landscape, reflecting the poet's mind. Tlio treatment of the distance, for which particular scope is afforded, is most happy, as " The Cur few tolls the knell of parting day." Atticns writes 111 the Lender There is no fear of tlie dynasty of the Smiths dying out so long as one Smitli perc is able to announce in tlie birth column that his wife lias presented liim with the fourteentli pledge of affection. Another instance of that to him that hath shall he given, and of tho fact that bounties arc not equitably distributed. While Smith would no doubt gladly spare one or two from his quiver-full, I see hy tlie mail news that the wife of a baro net, Lady Gooch, hns been committed for trial at a London police court for not being a mother. She wanted a solitary olive branch to secure the enjoyment of her husband's wealth, and, being denied the privilege of maternity, resorted to fraud to supply the deficiency. If she had been a Smith this difficulty would never have occurred. The same writer says : — Tho Hebraic money-lender is popularly sup posed to stand upon the " forfeit of his bond" as implacably as Shylook did. Hard- up, of the Sealingwax Office, who hns con ducted financial operations with both Jew nnd Christian, denies the correctness of the theory. Some one was running down tlie rapacity and harshness of Jewish discounters in his presence the other day. " Don't believe a word of it,' replied lie ; " I'm just now in tlie hands of a Presbyterian minister, and I find liim a harder nut to crack than any Jew money-lendor I ever dealt with." John Peerybingle, in the Weekly Times, writes If " The Yellow Difficulty," as it is termed, lias done nothing more towards de ciding tlie inevitable settling of Chinese among us, it lias elicited a pamphlet from the pens of three Chinese literates, who are well-known > as famous merchants of Little Bourke street. Up to this time I had concluded that the Chinese, with the great common sense with which they are endowed, had carefully eschewed perusal of newspapers. Their lives seemed too calm and apa- . thctic to induce the idea that the disturbing element of newspaper discussion ever entered into their marts and habitations. But it would seem that when newspaper discussion touches upon themselves and their interests, they aro keenly alive to its pros and cons. Hence wo have Mr Kong Mcng and Mr Clicok Hong Cheong, and Mr Louey All Mouy, turning up as pamphleteer, ill the cause of their country men. And very well they have argued tlie matter, avoiding, with all the tact of a practised journalist, any argument upon such circum stances relating to tlie Heathen Chinee's "pecu liar" morality, nnd so forth, while painting, in glowing colors, his virtues and good qualities, and denouncing the cruelties to which he was subjected. Altogether, these gentlemen liavo made a very good case, though they must allow that some of their statements nre more ingen ious than ingenuous. Tims, after we nre treated to ninny admirable precepts from Mencius and Confucius, tlie authors refer to the im morality which exists among their countrymen here, and naively nssor that Mr ITnyter, the Government statist, lias assured us that, on an average, crimi nality among thcCiiincsc here is less prevalent than among Europeans. There can be no moral average as to this, whatever there may ho in fnct. John is hut nn atom of the popula tion, and ilia undoubted industry, thrift, and temperance from drink, tend to protect him from tho elnss of crime which Europeans are prone to. But they who know tho Chinese, whether in tlieir own country or hero, know that John is a very disgusting fellow — judged from our standpoint of what is clean and moral. And there is n class 1 of crime to which lie is prone, and to the hcinousness of which lie seems to be indiffer ent—that devilry which places little children on tlio roll of prostitution. However, wo can't get rid of our friend : with the pigtail, : whether equitably or by violation of equity. Jnlm is too adliesivo. In Manilla the Chinese settlers were massacred to a man. In less than ten years they were more numerous than ever. They were chopped up again. No use. John wns soon back, doing all the retail busi ness of tlie towns— and there ho is now. There is 110 overcoming such passive resistance as iiis — when lie ciiooses to exerciso it. Jllla Although chemists and druggists supposed from tlie nature of their busiiiem.. almost to enjoy nn immunity from hardships consequent upon dnlness of trade (writes tlie Melbourne correspondent of the Courier), I am informed on good authority that in Mel bourne nnd suburbs alone there are some forty chemists' assistants of various grades out of employment. The fact of so. many knights of tlie pestle and mortar finding their occupation gono may appear to some to augur that tlie community is getting more healthy ; hut tlio real explanation is, I . think, to he found in tho great in crease of dispensaries in connection with Friendly Societies, which have seriously inter- fered with tlio chemists' business. We understand (writes tho Star) that Mr Butterly, miller, of Moorabool, lias decided to stand for Grant, at the noxt general election, as an independent candidate, Dr King has been amongst the . trout again in some of our local waters (says tho Star), having brought some nice fish to basket 011 Friday. A good haul of codfish was made on the western Bide of Burrnmbeet Lake 011 Fri- day, some of tho fish weighing lGlb and I71h. A new linrvestor; which is anticipated to prove the " wonder of the agricultural world," lias been invented by n. Wnngaratta resident (writes the Ballarat Star.) The local paper stateB that it is intended bv tips implement of husbandry tb strip, tliresn, winnow, and hag in ope complicated operation j aiid at a first trial, held at Mr Sparks's farm at Oxley. on Tuesday, it did not disappoint tlio expectations of its inventor or maker, tho honor of the for mer being claimed equally by the patentee, Mr Fhillipson, and hy the machinist, Mr George Rose. Threo men nnd five horses are ro- Siircd to work this uniquo piece of me lanism. Tlio Bendigo Independent gives currency to tho following: — Tho majority of tlie Austra lian Eleven, at tlio Inglewood match yester day, afforded food for admiration to the visitors hy tlieir excellent hatting nnd howling, hut ono member of the team, though causing great dis- lappoimnent, by the result of his batting, afforded great amusement by tho smart way in which lie " manngod it." The gentlemen in t'qiiestibn, lind reason to believe from tlie scores that his contribution would not he neces sary to sccuro a victory for his team, and lie, 110 doubt, thought also that tlio occupation ho had fcr somo timo been engaged in, of con verBi'ng with a young lady in her buggy, was ; far more congenial than opposing himself for ! perhaps half an hour to tho enemy's fire. To think wns to resolve, nnd when l is captain called him to succeed the last victim, as h J descended from tlie trap, "tho ol 8Brved of all observes," lie doubtless whisp, ered, "Back in a minute. "We say 'doubtless,'1 an d believe it, for ho received tlio first ball witii a flat bift, cahnly lifted it into the air- waited till it was safely caught, and wont hack to tlio buggy and its occupant. Tlio crow saw the whole sc fne, and enjoyed it, Tjeling assured that though tlioy could not . npplaud his hatting, they could not fail to ad mire his taste and his ingenuity. Odd Notes in the Forbes Times says:— I don't liko practical jok'cs, because there is always a danger of tlicm being carried too far, nnd resulting in had temper, aud general all- round unpleasantness. Ihe individuals who look a fine dead porker — all dressed and ready for cutting up next morning, weighing about 1201bs— and placed it between tho sheets of a bachelor's bed at Farkes tho other evenin/, ran the risk of getting into a lot of trouble through their pleasantry. When Mr Blank came home, soon after midnight and found his virtue us couch occu, pied hy a form whose rounded out lines were visible beneath tlio snowy coverlet, his heart went jiit-a-pat with mingled feelings. Chaste as Lucrctia, I10 fled tlie room, hoping that his noctunal visitor would soon awake nnd leave liim to roost alone 011 his perch of single blessedness. On his return, and finding the occupant of his ninttrass still there, lie ventured to lift the mosquito curtains and draw down the sheet. And then liow he raved as lie bundled poor piggy out, and laid a clean towel overtlic huge grease spot it had left. He didn't wisli his friends a happy new year the next morning, for I wns told that tliey very judiciously kept out of his way. As there lias been considerable attention called to the musicni service of St. Peter's, we inform our readers that tlie usual choral ser vices will he celebrated to-morrow, and in tlie evening Goss's fine anthem, The Wilderness, will be sung. The City Organist will play the following selections on tlie grand organ this evening, at eighto'clock, viz. : — Overture, Zampa (Herold); nndnntes, (a) in A minor, (h) in B flat major (Batiste) ; grand opera selection, Lohengrin, (Wagner) by special desire ; fanfare militairc, Les Chass urs d'Afrique (Concone) ; oratorio selection, Stabat Mater (Rossini), viz., In- flammatns et Accensus ; finals, National Anthem. MrsMnryGladstnne'ssuccessattliePrinoess's Theatre is, without doubt, owing to the care ful manner in which she lias attended to her parts during tlie time she lias been 011 tlie hoards of that theatre. There is no doubt that if the building only had a more central situation, so that people from Hotliam as well as Collingwood might have easy, access to it, it would be a boon to tlie public, and tlio very sensational piny of Foiled, which illustrates something of tlie kind of life we used to lead here twenty years ago, would have a much better chance of success, and tlie company would have its intrinsic valuo displayed to much greater advantage than in the present position of the theatre, which is ono of the nicest buildings in Melbourne. Foiled is a good play, and one which, without being too much of a hlood-and-murder affair, keeps the audience alive to the sensational parts from ; tlio first act to the finale. Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghosts will appear again to-night in Beauty and tlie Beast, which is funny ; A Parsee in Searcli of a Wife, which is humorous and effective ; and the Haunted : House, which is a most startling exhibition. Tho spectreB are of the most popular shapes, and make their appearance ana disappearance in the most unaccountable manner, and have : become general favorites with a great many people since the firat time they came upon tho hoards of tlie Athemeum Hall. The People's Concerts at tho Temperance Hall, Russell street, will he repeated to-night, afull programme being nnnounced. Misses Barber, tne Albert Brothers, Mr Pope, and the Hugo Brothers are to appear among a number of other performers of first-class con- cert-linll repute. The entertainment is one f the best and tlie cheapest in Melbourne. The Blondenette Lady Minstrels nt St. George's Hall will continue tlieir humorous and select performance to-night as usual. Mr George Gibbons, a well known baritone, is announced to appear, as well as the Cottier Brothers, whose graceful dancing lias excited the admiration of many a crowded house; and also Mr W. Burton in a local song, which is funny nnd to the point. Thefirst-class company nt tho Academy of Music- will continue the burlesque of Alfred tlie Great to-night and until further notice. The merits of the piece lie chiefly in tlie beauty of the scenery and dresses, the charming music selected from favorite operas, and tlie stage appointments. Miss Scasi's liquid warbling lias already attracted considerable attention, ns well as_ the pleasing and graceful acting of tlie remainder of tlio company, which have combined to make this piece a most delightful evening's entertainment. le pantomime of Jack tlic-Giant- Riller will he repeated, for the benefit of the goneral public who liavo not paid a visit to this feature of the city's beguilements, as well as those who may wish to seo it more times than :one; nnd from tlie manner in which it lias been received already, it will 110 doubt he well patronised again. , The Opera House pantomime continues to attract sufficient people to fill the building, the charms of person nnd grace of manner of Miss Beatrice forming tlie chief attraction of tlie lionse. Tlie efforts of Mr Bucirde, tlie front manager, have also contributed largely towards tlie comfort as well as tho convenience oftlie audience. 1 . 