COUNTRY NEWS. NORTHAMPTON, (from a Correspondent.) Since my last there is little or nothing of a cheering nature to record. A general depression reigns supreme here everything looking about as dull as dull can be." At present there seems to be no signs whatever of the mines making another general start The first item of local news for the month in the "grand and diversified entertainment," "ma it was placarded, which took place on the evening of the late Jubilee celebration, 3rd inst, at the "Miners' Arms" hotel. The entertainment which consisted of songs and negro Carees, interspersed with instrumental music, was very creditably sustained by the Northampton Amateurs. The N.B. Band was in attendants and Dr. K. M. Beleda, pianist, was the accompanyist on the occasion. After "BanjoVTrot,^ well played by the N. B. Band the company favored the audience with the famous old glee, "Hail ! smiling Morn 1' which was well received. " Gold ! gold 1 goWl" was next given by Mr. T. Burns for his usual happy style, and not inappropriately, followed this the song, "Despised for being poorly well rendered by Mr Sherwood. But the great hit of the evening was Mr F. Fowler's " Teetotal Society," in character, which deservedly brought down the house with a thundering encore. After this followed another well received song, "Little sister's gone to sleep," by Mr. H. Oates. Again there was a loud and prolonged encore which was answered by "Climbing up the golden stair." The " Recording Office" was a negro farce, which was gone through with success by Messrs. Burns, Fowler, and New banks, and caused plenty at merriment. After a few more songs by the same amateurs, the entertainment was wound up by another negro farce called "The Ghost," which caused some tears of laughter to run down many a cheek. The room was cleared, and with the co-operation of the N. B. Band and our excellent pianist, Mr. E. M. Beleda, dancing was kept up until morning. And this is the manner in which the celebration of the 60th Anniversary of the colony was kept up at Northampton. I am glad to record that " at last" the Northampton Railway station is commencing. I am given to understand that the line will be opened by the Commissioner of Lands, Mr. Thomas, on Thursday next 26th inst. The new station master, Mr. Spaulding, has arrived and commenced duties. The weather At present is wet and cold and promises favorable season. June 24th 1879. 