New Zealand A o tes. By Red-spinner. I. The difficulties under which the coastal traffic of Queensland is at present being conducted occupy the public mind to an enormous extent, so that, just as in ancient days, all roads converged to Rome, every topic upon which tongue or pen touches naturally hovers around or plunges into the great Chinese question. So let it be. The storm will no doubt blow itself out in due time as all storms happily do in this world, though they be hurricane, cyclone, or typhoon. Dare I, nevertheless, remark that the strange experience through which we are now passing must at any rate have one effect ! It will convince us that, after all, the Australian coasting steamships have been in certain respects, good servants to the public. They have given a fairly good internal accommodation. We grumble, fume, and fret when we are well off. Like Jeahuruii, waxing fat, who needs must kick. It does not say much for our common-sense, perhaps, or patience, but certain it is that one-half of us do not know the value of our advantages till we lose them, and thus travellers by the odds and ends of craft with which they have to be content in these days sigh for the comforts of yore. There we were, for example, at the A.S.N, wharf upon a certain day in October month bidding our friends farewell, oud half hoping that the moment of sailing might be delayed, so pleasant were the words of parting, and the bustle, excitement, tears and smiles, marking the event. But did anyone ever know Captain Knight larger one moment after the advertised time Upon the bridge he stood, statuesque, with lips parted, till the town clocks gave out the eleven h stroke, and then his prompt " cast off" drowned, _ the reverberation of the twelfth Punctuality is indeed a virtue, and just now are very gratefully remembers how in those days it was honored in the observance only And what, pray, had one to complain of on the trip to Sydney i Nothing. Let us give the what-is-it his due. I never did, for that matter, find anything to complain of in the other steamers of the same fleet in which I have travelled and although it is a risky thing, I know, to say a word for the A.S.N. Company to-day, I will observe that if a traveller could not be content with the bed and board of the Elamang, he had better remain at home, and think no more of roving. Under ordinary circumstances, the voyage from Brisbane to Sydney is an agreeable little trip neither too long nor too short ; provided two things namely, that you have a proper berth companion, and proper weather. in both war I fortunate. The doctor, who for two nights was to dream four feet above me, could not, in truth, be said to be otherwise than proper. He was commended to my care by a couple of eminent Brisbane gon trainer who accompanied him to the mouth of the river, and I found him worthy of the high character they had given him. He never got sea-sick, slept without snoring, stepped into and out of his berth with an apology as soft as his footfall, and was ready at any hour of the day or night, by the binnacle or in the maintop, stem or stern, sitting or walking, to discuss law or gospel, physical or any other form of kill and cure, gold mining or sugar growing, horse breed- ing or acrostic writing ; and he was mighty on theology. What say you then to him as a proper berth companion ? And the weather was of the finest not rough enough for settlers on the Bidoou table, but rough enough to dispatch a reasonable percentage of passengers to the retirement of their cabins, and the mercies of the stewards. And long before breakfast on the morning of the third day we were passing between Sydney Heads, deploring the mists which veiled the well known glories of the harbor from our eyes. It is always a slice of unmitigated bad luck to find this-one of the famous sights of the world jealously screened off from view. The artist in hair, if he knows his business at the Shampooing apparatus, will never shock his victim by a sudden douche of cold water, but will harmoniously informing the two streams, " leading up (as the lawyers Bay) in persuasive and imperceptible flow to the grand final sensa- tion. Wherefore, if the reader projects a trip to New Zealand in search of coolness, and mental and physical bracing-up, let him -be he a Queenslander take Auckland as a starting point, in order that by the time he arrives in Otago he may have been passed on from hot to cold by easy stages. On my way across the ocean from Sydney, the Surveyor-General of New Zealand, returning from a year's (spell in the old country, gave me much interesting information respect- ing the country with which he has been asso- dated from its infancy. One similitude of His struck me. He described the extreme north of New Zealand as resembling Spain, the middle us resembling France, and the southern as rooms long England and Scotland and this, I may at once promise, will prove to be an illustration as accurate as it is happy. It, therefore, stands to reason that the half-baked visitor, in carrying out the crescendo movement here recommended should, if possible, cross from Sydney to Auck- land rather than from Sydney to Wellington, work his way southward, and return via Melbourne. It will be but fair thus early to warn the reader that these notes are noted that is to Buy, they are fragmentary jottings. The writer had a limited amount of time for holiday-making ; had, in fine to cut his garment according to his cloth. It was impossible to go everywhere, or do everything, and he did what he could. He who expects from me, for example, a treatise on the land laws of New Zealand will therefore be disappointed. I heard a great deal about them, I confeaH, the result being that what little I did before know of the complicated systems in vogue across the water became hopeless chaos. I daresay the New Zealanders understand them themselves, though once or twice I dared to entertain doubts upon the point. Nor shall I interfere with the legitimate guide book business. Over 400, and most likely over 500 books, great and small, have been written upon New Zealand, consequently if every man, woman, and child blessed by the light of the journal is not proficient in the history, physical geography, natural and artificial capabilities, statistics, and government of that colony, the fault is his or hers, and not mine. The assumption that these four or five hundred publications have had this excellent effect will at any rate save me much trouble. Let Gordon and Gotch's useful Australasian Handbook, or the official New Zealand Handbook, edited by Sir Julius Vogel, supply all the information that is required as to mileage, acreage, births, deaths, marriages, and other products. Such information is fully given in those and kindred compilations, and with as much accuracy as is necessary for general purposes. The four days and half voyaging across the blue Pacific were a luxury. Some persons hate the sea with a bitter hatred. They fear, dread, and loathe it. I know a lady who at the Royal Academy could not look at the masterpieces of Seascape painters, least she should suffer squeamishness. I have seen big, burly, rich, handsome men laid low and limp in an hour, while feeble folk like myself, neither big, burly, handsome, nor rich, looked down upon them with wondering pity. These unfortunates have my sympathy, and it is in no spirit of selfishness that I recall this luxurious lounge of 1277 miles from west to east. The Rotorua was, and I trust still is, a fine ship, with a most genial commander and attentive stewards, with a nice little library beyond the transoms, a good bathroomamidahipB,aBuugßmoking.roomondeck, and with a subitantially-furnished saloon table but-sole drawback-with four-berth cabins instead of two. However, one cannot expect per- section out of Australia. Each day seemed to glide by each more dreamy and refreshing than the other. They say with much truth that life on board ship brings out all the bad qualities of human nature, and by that token we must have been a remarkably amiable set of people, for the Him above us appeared to be closely typical of the brightness of our own spirits. All things considered, one meets with very little incident in modern ocean travelling. With the exception of the San Francisco mail steamer, which passed by at a distance on the evening of the second day, we saw no sign of human life outside of our own vessel. We looked in vain for the white gleam of a sail, or the dark trail of a steamer's smoke. Not a porpoise rolled upon the surface. Even the birds were few until we neared the New Zealand coast. One entire day a group of gentlemen discussed some dozen birds that followed the steamer. What were they? Opinions were equally divided.. There was an albatross faction and a Hollyoak faction, and it was not until towards the close of the voyage, some means takable albatrosses soared and wheeled majestically amongst the smaller fowl that the error of the first- named faction was apparent. The one bird is indeed often mistaken for the other in these waters. The wandering albatross is not only not found north of the Equator, but seldom so far north as the Tropic of Capricorn, and the birds seen in this part of the Pacific are generally not the albatross but the smaller bird, which it so much at a distance resembles. By-and-by we came across numbers of the pretty Cape pigeon (as Australian term it), or Cape petrel, apparently running upon the water in that peculiar fashion of theirs, to which they owe the name of petrol a quaint and ancient reminder of their resemblance to Peter, the fisherman apostle, who also walked upon the waves. But a handful of sea fowl are not a sensational break in the monotony, and we were thrown back upon sea and sky in the morning, and sky and sea in the afternoon-the sky without a cloud, the sea tw deeply darkly beautifully blue and even a Byron, our most enthusiastic and truest poet of the sea, could wish. What a godsend under these circumstances was that library of light literature At a time like this one actually enjoys the veriest trash of the circulating library. You can almost tolerate Ouida and her sister exponents and glorified of fast bad life. And why should not all our coasting steamers have their little libraries On the Rotorua, and possibly on other of the Union Company's steamers, the passenger, upon his first application for a volume, pays a shilling to the steward who has charge of the book-case, and that reasonable too will cover the whole voyage. It so happened that I returned by the Rotorua, after I had done with holidaying, and for my 28sec Building each away-I devoured, read, or skimmed thirty-one books. On those two trips, so far as I could compute, 80a. were paid by passengers in library foes. It is obvious that, if properly managed, it will purchase a goodly number of miscellaneous works, "Will the A.S.N. Company, and any other concern that does or will do our shipping business, take the Mut? The primary outlay upon a modest library of this kind upon its nucleus certainly would soon be repaid, and the comfort of the passengers increased ; always of course as Biuniug that the directors of steam comprimes doom the comfort of passengers in small matters a consideration worth entertaining. Day by day progressing eastward the air grew colder, and on the third day, for the first time for over so long, I could wear and appreciate an overcoat. The weather was fortunately all that one could desire, thanks to the earliness of the season. Along the parallel of latitude 35°, which pretty generally marked our course, it would be naturally hot at midsummer, but from the beginning of October to the end of January the voyage between the two colonies is expected to be quite calm throughout. The Rotorua had steamed out of Sydney Heads at dusk on Wednesday. On Sun day afternoon, North Cape, like a gray cloud no bigger than a man's hand, rested upon the eastern horizon. It was the first eight of New Zealand. Next morning we were anchored in the Bay of Islands. Welcome always, as the face of a friend, is the solid earth after a sea trip, though it is but for a few hours that you have lost sight of land. Ayo, boat frowning rock or desolate sandhills, the voyager is glad once more to greet mother earth 1 But the Bay of Islands is neither frowning nor desolate. Coming upon deck at sunrise to discover why the familiar grind of the restless screw had ceased, and, by ceasing, disturbed my rest, I found the good ship anchored and still in the centre of a land-locked expanse of smooth water. Surely this was a lovely lake into which we had been transported during the night. Fresh young verdure and dense woods covered the hillsides; ferns and creepers hung gracefully over the edges of the weather beaten rocks at the waterside ; yellow sands fringed the further shore. The man gaining power, shone upon houses half concealed amidst the foliage, marking where a township lay at the foot of the hill. There was nothing Australian in the scenery. The first glimpse of supplied you at least with this information. Undergrowth there was in abundance, but it was neither bush or scrub the tree ferns here and there in the ravines gave it quite a distinctive character and there was not a gum tree, not the ghost of one to be seen. The knolls and headlands were " dressed in living green, and when in search of oysters we pulled about by-and-bye a dingy, we discovered that there were apparently lakes within lakes, and that the Bay of Islands was no misnomer. It is, in a word, a right beautiful harbor age. Forty years ago the only township worthy of the name that existed in New Zealand was in this bay. The district is historical in the annals of Pakeha settlement. Near the Waitangi Falls the Maoris signed their first treaty of subjection to the British Crown. in the church cemetery under the hill was buried not long since the Maori chief Thomas Walker None, a noted warrior amongst a race of wanderers doubt, like the rest of his kin, an orthodox cannibal in his youth, but a convert to Christianity afterwards, and a loyal supporter of the Government through troublous times. Maori custom dictates that the body of a chief must be buried in a secret place known to only a few of his own tribe, but this chief specially desired that in his case the custom should be broken through. Thus it was that Maori and European combined to give Tamati Waka None a great public burial, and the Government of New Zealand subsequently built an imposing monument to the memory of a sensible savage and loyal subject. A change indeed has been wrought during these forty years. The Marco Ngapuhi tribe have adopted civilisation in the best sense of the world ; once famed far and wide for prowess in battle, they are now distinguished in the arts and pursuits of peace. On the shores of a pretty bay opposite One-tree Hill Point, you can see a small settlement, whose hotel and store are maintained almost entirely by Maori custom. The present prosperity of the Bay of Islands, however, centred in its coal mines. They are managed by Mr. 'T'. P. Moody, a gentleman who, Queenslander will remember, was once upon a time connected with Mr. Towns' place at Redbank, and who recently resigned the managership of one of the Newcastle collieries to develop the mineral resources of the Bay of Islands. The Union Company's steamers coal here, and engineers speak highly of the coal, which is unlimited in quantity, and in great demand at the present time. Thus soon you got an inkling of the spirit of enterprise abroad in New Zealand. Already the coalfield and the bay are being connected by a railway, and a thriving settlement is growing in consequence. It is about ten miles to the collieries, and the first sign of life we see in the light of the dawn is a tug, aptly named the Black Diamond, emerging from the haze shrouding a distant quiet, as if she had descended from the mountains. The Government are completing the railway to the waterside, but for the next two years, at the expiration of which time the works are to be finished, the coal must be brought, as it was on this particular morning, in lighters towed by the Black Diamond. She had come down the Kawa Kawa (called a river, but really an arm of the sea, like the Parramatta from the railway which touches a point six miles distant. The coal, I may add, is highly baturin OUS and the Government having built the three miles of railway connecting the river with the colliery, the Bay of Islands Coal Company leased the line at, 6 per cent. It will be some further indication of what is being done in this northern part of New Zealand, not hitherto of much account in the commercial world, if it be added that the collieries are producing 3500 tons of coal per month, yet are failing to meet half the demands made upon them and that on the north-eastern shore there is a manganese mine connected with the water by a tramway, whose owners (an English company had the satisfaction of receiving 10 per cent as their last dividend. The operation of coaling afforded us ample opportunity for a run ashore, and for prying about into the affairs of the locality. There are thousands of tiny bays and Shady coves along the deeply indented shore, and some of the prominent headlands have their histories. Here the early settlers made a stand and gave fierce battle with the natives ; there, for a time im- pregnable, stood the Maori pah, which did not succumb until a vessel of war, flying the English colors, arrived upon the scene. The mists and shadows were soon chased away by the sun, and the full beauty of our land-locked roadstead seemingly a lake not wider than the Brisbane River at Norman Creek, and little over a mile long-was revealed. The transhipment of 120 tons of coal was not to be effected in an hour,' but the work was done all too soon for those passengers who had been directing their attention to the charms of the Bay of Islands. The Rotorua kept more or less within sight of land during the remainder of the voyage to Auckland a distance of some 140 miles. How the coasting trade of New Zealand is carried on with so few accidentally something of a mystery. That the local navigators contrive to steer clear of the unlighted rocks and reefs on a coast where the currents are ever variable and strong is highly to their credit. Your ship seems to be perpetually threading her passage amidst islands which vary in size, from pieces of territory many miles in area, to small abrupt crags, rising, wrinkled and worn, steeply out of the bluest water, Yonder, gloomy and grand, with the foam lashing its immovable feet, rose an ex- tinct volcano ; ahead, two gigantic cliffs of hoary rock stood sentinel in the deep sea, and between them, so close that from our deck we could, were we so inclined, shoot the sea fowl on either side, we passed, away at the massive grandeur of the lofty fretted walla ; around and beyond were rocks assuming the shapes of fantastic pyramid, turret, or dome. Stern and wild, doubtless, but grand withal, is this portion of the New Zealand coast, and on moonlight nights the sternness and wildness are softened into the weird glamour of a fairy picture. The scenery changes, rather perhaps softens, somewhat as you approach Auckland, but it is not a whit less striking, not a whit less deserving of ranking with the beautiful objects of this natural world. Two promontories remind you at once of Great and Little Ormes Head, with the) quaint little North Welsh watering-place, Ilan- dude, between ; bluff, inlet, beach, far-off mountain and lesser hill nearer at hand, create a wonder within your mind as to which of these many reaches of water in the harbor of Auckland. The fact is, it is all harbor-deep, capacious in extent, and well marked. Into it runs the Thames, which names the rich goldfield of that name, and part and parcel also of the whole is Coromandel Harbor, into which passes the trade of that Coromandel goldfield where Captain Cook's party found gold, long before Australia, as a home of the precious metal, was heard of. Auckland Harbor is indeed author lovely picture, and the Aucklanders do well to challenge comparison, and dare the Sydneyites to grudge it their admiration. There is a North Shore, with its green eminences and small villa residences, under the domination of Flag-staff Hill, and on the other side there are bluffs, bays, slopes, and bills, with Mount Eden tall and stout above them all. These assume different shapes and appear in different combinations (always fair to the eye as you near the wharf, behind which the town rises a mass of houses flanked with green foliage. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 