CATHOLIC EDUCATION. r The pastoral Hetter of Archbishop Vaughan and the Bishops exercising jurisdiction In New. Soith Wales was read in the Catholic churches throughout the colony oh Sunday, July 27. The document is a Very long one, and we make the following extracts :— ** To our Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children ?: in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Regular and the Faithful under our Jurisdiction. : ' tlealtn and ^Benediction in tne JLord Jesus Christ— Haying been convinced by many signs . from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic education are steadily increasing, so as to Become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into abso lute in justice, we, the Archbishop and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are 'responsible to God for the souls of parents and; children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regard ing the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of pur united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your 4uraes wfth regard to the education of Catholic children. ;; - .. -: ? 'The erection of costly public schools in every direction, which is continually going on; the steady, systematic way in which our denomi national schools are being -weakened and 'extin- guished; the /treatment of Catholics at .Rand wick and the Benevolent Asylum; the prospect of secularist grammar schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst; of a secularist high school for girls being established in Sydney, and partially en dowed by 4he Government; of £1&QQ; a-year bejBJjf spent for five years on the education at grammar schools of boys exclusively from public ischools; this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of others -who. cannot in conscience ? avail themselvesof it, is ma free community like our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. 'And more than this. This expenditure on godless education, this studding the colony with schools which the Ohurch knows from ex perience will, in course of time, fill the country with indiffereatists, not to speak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funds— of taxes I paid but of Catholic pockets — for establishing a 1 sy^teni of education throughout the land, which 1 not'merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, I but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity, is an act so ? galling to every feeling of fair play that we do not see how any free man with any spirit in him , canallow it to pass unchallenged. 'Not merely as bishops of the Catholic , Church, but as citizens of a free country which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphatically lay claim to \ our share of that same even-handed justice; : and we believe it to be the duty of the Catholic : body not to rest Until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists. We,; Catholics, who represent one-third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than pur fellowtax payers receive; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. 'Let it be borne in mind that this is dis tinctly a religions question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do bur work in peace, and avoid the tice alone, but the future of religion itself, is contention of rival parties. But when not jus essentiaily bound up with a certain position; when -the question of- education is in point of fact tibe great religious question of the day ; we should, be prevaricating against our b3undea duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, -were we to hold our peace, did we not at the present juncture set forth the teach ing of the Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmis takable-cfr arness your -duties as interpreted by ti at teaching.' The pastoral letter then sets forth the funda mental principles and doctrines of the Church as taught by Christ; reviews the efforts of paganism *' to civilise the heart, instruct the conscience, and direct the will,'? which are pro-' nonnced to have been failures ; and it is main tained that on the teachings of Christianity ' all civilization and legislation, all morality, public, social, and private are= founded.*' The letter continues; — ' -. v. - - ? 'Now we are bound both by the natural and the revealed law to educate children in the know ledge of God, in His love, and in His command : ments.' As Christians we are bound to educate ' them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their children, and by the law of Christianity the Church is bound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from the dawning of their reason, the Church Is bound, on the other hand, to complete the work which the parents have, begun. *Go ye therefore and teach' (or make disciples of) * all -nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatever I nave commanded you,' is her commission. Here tbe duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching j they are in perfect harmony ; the education of the child at its mother's knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but de veloped and completed. Through the , whole period the graces and influeacestjf Christianity are operating on the. inner, life of the Christian child; the Heart, the conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete per sonality, becomes saturated hy a civilisation of which Christianity alone can be the origin.. . . 'Thins it is self-evident that education with out Christianity is impossible : you may call it instruction, filling the. mind with a certain '? quantity of secular knowledge, but you cannot dignify it with the name education ; for religion is an essential part of education; and to divorce religion or Christianity from education is to return to paganism, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church con demns, with marked empbasis, those schools and that method of teaching in which, tbe religious element is divorced from, the secular. She knows that instruction is not education, and that a system of national training from which Christianity is banished is a system of practical paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss' of faith, national effeminacy, and so national dishonor. '' ' ' It is not, therefore,-snrpriBiEg that Pope Pius IX. should have; issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic psople : and our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on. In, it they will find no new doc trine, buif the old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of -religion. ' The greatest injury is inflicted on society^' says the supreme Pontiff, 'when the directing and salutary .power of- the Church is? withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiness of the Church and of the common wealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful; progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life, his last end. And in truth a system of ! teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural thingr, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earfch,%ut also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided . hy the spirit of -error and untruth ; and /education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, Snstruets the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so 'prone to evil, mus^ infallibly produce a generation -which will have no guide, but its. own wicked passions and wild conceits, . and which will be a source of greatestjinisf ortunes to the commonwealth and . their own: families. Who does not see that the samesystem will give rise to still greater evils if ijb beintroducedinto theprimary schools. Those r ^ho pretend that the Ohurch ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon tho primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine {Author, and to be false to the . charge she received from ,'God of guiding all men to salvation; and in whatever cpuntry this pernicious design of re moving the schools from ecclesiastical authority should jbe entertained and carried into execu tion, and the young thereby exposed1 to the danger of losing their faith, there the Ohurch would be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the GatholioOhurcu.' After quoting from a Pastoral Letter of the English Bishops, the present one proceeds :— ** ^uch, then, being the emphatic teaching of the ; Catholic Church, we, the Archbishop aud Bishops of this colony,- withali the weight of our: authority,., condemn the principle of secularist education^ and those schools which are founded on that principle. We condemn them, firstly, because they, cdntcavene -the first prin ciples of the -Christian religion; and, secondly, because they are seedplots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of. human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to insbmct the people in these teachings of the Christian jreligioEu They should iiot rest till jeach member of their congregation fully realises the true position Of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavor to make them feel that they could not do a {greater ser vice to religion or to-the State than to upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a jsource of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who, through a spirit of ..indifference or worldliness; are ex posing their children to proximate danger of perversion and of ruin, that *hey are tempting the anger of Almighty God ; and that they are jeopardising the f aithj the morality, the eternal happiness of those -who are too young to help themielves, and who have been confided by natnrje itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the peoplp that they are gravely respon- j eible ' if they give encouragement tosuoh schools, for,£by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as ob stacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember what their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show! themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood — flesh which was freely wounded^ and- blood, which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. . ** We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow-electors,: and their re-? preeentatives in Parliament, these two facts — first; that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and whiphthey consider an evil to the country; and) secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them. Let the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common even-handed justice will assist. us in working oat a remedy. Would secularists hold their peace, if, without equal provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7,500 were spent. on the training of- boys, exclusively from Catholic institutions? Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordinary injustice and tmf airness ? And would not the whole world agree with them ? ' The State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the secnlarist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Does not the Church know her own true interests b«s* ? Has not Bhehad experience of centuries, in point ; of time ; and all over theworld,in point of space? Are not her professed opponents on the side ; of secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian ' side? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so. far as. it has gone, fostered andde ; veloped a Christian spirit ? Has not the j Catholic Episcopate^in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to quench euch a spirit? What is our own expe rience and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony ? To their shame, it must be said, some |of our people do send their children to public ischools. What is the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to sueh children ? That there is a marked difference between them and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality; their manners are cough and irreverent ; they have little sense of respect and gentleness ; , they have no at traction for prayer or for the sacraments; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in number. . Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave mifigivingfl.' , ? The Pastoral points out that there is no country in the world where Catholics should be more careful about their children than in New South Wales, and adds:— .....??? [ 'It may be interjected that some Catholics do not disapprove of public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn vhat is wrong, and teach them what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and con demn secularist education ; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion .as we are inclined to fear that Catholics are begin ning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent, or .ignorant Catholics : but by the successor of St. Peter, and the Bishops of the Church who are in communon with him. Sq long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe; to listen to and follow, in suck matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith. ? ** What, then, are our practical recommenda tions? I. First, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye; Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of God -with regard to the Catholic education of their children. . Let ~ parents, febm their children's earliest years, teach them to pray ; aad .until they are fit for school, exer cite them in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within thein Catholic instincts, and, by example as well aa word, fiystematicaliy mould them to piety, faith, purity, lo\e, and reverence. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. ' II. Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for then* children, who 'have to learn before everything else to save . their souls, and who should be sedulously prepared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic, training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually be thrown. ' III. Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they' cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perver sion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Chpreh; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no confessor can absolve such parents as are willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting influences of an alien creed or a secularist system. ** IV. Fourthly, let those who are so unhappy as to be sending then* childreri^at the present mcinent to public schools withdraw them as soon as possible. : Let then^, exanjine their children's religious instincts and. moral con dition; and if , as is to be expected^ they find faith and morals weakened, and the germs of lawless ness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, do all they ca& to, . redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Let them especially prepare such children for the sacraments, teach them to hear mass devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their mode), to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holjr See, and to be obedient, docile, and reverential, to all who are placed over them. 'V. Fifthly, let the clergy make such in structions as these the frequent subject of their sermons and their private exhortations, and let them not weary till godless and non- Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children ; and until all the Catholic children in the dis trict are receiving a sound Catholic education. 'VI. Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible, so as to be equal in secular instruction to non- Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in the genuine education of the will, the conscience, and.tke senses. . t ??.-.,' i ** yil. Seventhlyj aad lastly, whilst strength ening what they have, let Catholics unite as one tian, and insist, by means of legitimate yet; persevering and earnest pressure in the right direction, upon their equal lights with their fellow taxpayers. 'What is: the present position of affairs? Catholics are paying for the support of schools which they can neither approve of nor make use of, whilst no analogous provision has been made for them. We may be met wifch the cry of the Religious difficulty.* 'We admit the religious difficulty; feut that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or jnitigated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a large section of the community! The 'religious difficulty' exists in Ireland, and - still inore in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to, education, in even handed justice, we, here, are retrograding, and are' aggravating that onesidedness and unfair ness from which the broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a mono poly of even-handedness? Why should not we walk in tbe broad footpath, of her legislation on this question, and learn from her great states men how to Bolve the * religious difficulty' by the British panacea of fair play? And how can this principle of fair play be applied ? The answer is simple. Introduce payment by re sults in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised^ each section of the com munity receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results (by Govern ment inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the ; common fund's are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed, would be deprived of a '.monopoly;; but then a wide : spread irritation springing from a cruel wrong would give way to happiness and peace thrbugh ; out the colony. Neither 'Catholic nor Pro testant would be called upon to support ; creeds which they condemn, nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one : section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair play ; and no favoring for all. Those who were equally : \ taxed would be equally treated. Is not this a \ broad and intelligible platform, upon which ?; every just and honest man would naturally take \- his stand? If there be a widespread sense of * justice in the land, as we firmly believe there is, is there not some power amongst us that will ; rouse it into action? Let Catholics rouse ; themselves up to a sense of theirresponsibilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter ; and never cease in then per severing their organised importunity until they have obtained those rights which no man can .refuse them without self-evident injustice. \ ?' Dearly beloved, * Watch ye, stand f as t in the faith, do manfully, and be strengthened.' ' Kqep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace; one 'body, one Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith, one bap tism ; one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all. May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things, that your whole spirit, and soul, and body may be preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. *' Given at our meeting in Sydney, June, 1879, and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. 'Rogeb Bede, Archbishop of Sydney. '* Matthew, Bishop of Bathurst. ' James, Bishop of Maitland. **WnxiAii, Bishop of Goulburn.' 