THE ALL OR NOTHING Br Mrs. Cashbl Hobt, VOLUME III. Chapter I. THE BLUEBEARD BUREAU. janet was very much grieved by the ex planation that had taken place between her self and Sir Wilfrid Esdaile, and his sudden departure from Bevis added to her discom fiture. She had been so absolutely innocent of all coquetry, of any intention of misleading him of any perception of his feelings towards her and the extent to which he was mis leading himself, that she could not take any blame to herself in the matter, and was en tirely given over to wonder and regret. To wonder, genuine and deep, that she should have been found so pleasing in the sight of a man of the world like Esdaile. that he should have come to love her so well as she could not doubt he did love her; and to regret, very profound and poignant, for the pain.that he must suffer, from which she could not save him. She could only hope that jt would not last long, and that the fature might hold within its possibilities the realisa tion of her own hope of a friendship with him, untroubled by the remembrance of this misplaced love. He had read her secret, he knew why it was that he must not hope, must not try for a reversal of her sentence ; and Janet shrank from that consciousness, jiot with any doubt of his honour and loyalty, hut because of the complication that such knowledge brought into his own life, and the additional senBe which it pave her of having crossed and troubled that life. Esdaile's discovery had already deprived his friend of his company; if he were less high-minded than Janet took him to be it would deprive Dunstan of his friendship also, and thus become a double misery to her. She would have been thrown into dismay and confusion if Sir Wilfrid had again spoken to her, and et she sometimes wished that she could see iim. and could make up her mind to ask I' hi him', if only on account of her, of what his ouickened observation had enabled him to read in her face on that last evening, not to withdraw himself from Dunstan. Janet possessed the excellent gift of sympathy, and yet in this case she was utterly unable to understand and estimate the pain which the jnere sight of Dunsta-n inflicted onEsd&ile; : ftnd when DunBtan complained thatSir Wilfrid had thrown him over/' and bemoaned his own disappointment. Janet felt herself guilty in this too, that she had, however unwittingly, come between the friends whose mutual re gard—it really was strong and genuine—she had invested with the loftiness, disinterested ness, and constancy which made up her own ideal of friendship. . In the keen distress which Janet suffered, the dispersion of her own illusion as to Julia's meaning, in the brief confidence that had marked their parting, had very little share. Julia had not made any allusion to this in writing, and Bhe, would divine the truth, moBt likely, when she should learn that Sir Wilfrid had left Bevis. Janet could not tell her, she •well 'knew how mnch pained she would be, and now, when Bhe fully understood Julia's meaning, she felt that Julia would be unable to forgive her. Sir Wilfrid Esdaile was in Julia's eyes what he was in those of John Sandilands, a fortunate prince of fairy-tale times, and that he should ask and not have, that there should exist anyone' so foolishly and so ill-disposed dS'toaayfiioto him, would be intolerable in Julia's sight. He had loved her from the first, .he had told her so, and Julia had seen it 1 But she had not seen it, had not dreamed of it; in her own absorp tion of mind and heart she had never thought that to others she seemed free, and lobe won. What a world of cross purposes was this, thought Janet, who had but a glimpse of them, and how hard it seemed that the love of a kind and manly heart, which would have made one for whom she was day by day learning to care more and more profoundly happy, should be given to her who could not reward or prize it! With this fresh access of her sorrow there came a resolution to Janet. Amabel should know the truth; there should be no addi tional delusion or heart- burning in this un happy matter, if some plain-speaking on Janet's part, however painful to her, could avert it. The bright, odd, enthusiastic, hard- to-manage girl, had become very dear to the friend who was so strangely unlike her. for other reasons than the almost wor shipping affection with which Amabel re garded her. That it should fall to her lot to cross Amabel's path, Janet felt was also very hard; if she had not been there, what could have been more likely than that Sir Wilfrid should have been attracted by Amabel, and now her unlucky presence had brought trouble and sorrow on two people who loved her—two of the very few ui all the world to Whom she meant anything. Janet had not to wait long for an oppor •aijy u telling Amabel wnat was in her tnind; her pale face and evident suffering Brought quick questions from the impetuous ii-u Something has happened to you, Janet! what is it! You have been crying." Amabel was on her knees with her arms round Janet in a moment, and Janet told ' 88 she could for her tears. iilft drift nrafhr ' - ira sup wuiu i.or ner to&rs.; The girl's pretty face grew pale and fixed hut the clasp of her arms was tighter as she listened to Janet's broken words, anc gathered from them that she dreaded th< significance of them to her. She did not it terrupt them once, but when they were ended She said:— "Toor Sir Wilfrid ! I knew there wa trouble before him. I saw it in his fac from the first, and who knows better than, what a trouble tliis is.! Janet! it I ..were man, and loved you, 1 should kill myself, i his place." . She loosed her hold of Janet, and sari into her favourite attitude upon the flooj with her hands clasped on her knees, and he «l'es fixed on Janet's face. ' And so my presentiment is out, and gres harm has come to him." , " And to you, dearest, to you!" sobbe Janet. . . "No," said Amabel, " not to me. I do cat lorhiin; I like him very much; I have tta strangest feeling ,about him, as it I could BOnjetninor d * " Is*!5ru,i aa it i could se rible » veil, that is tei wellenouS^-5-.^^ have .loved hin n, luigoii nave lovett hit well enough to have been the happiest woma: *n the world if he had loved me, or the moa wretched if he had not, but that I have al way known—" . ' What. Amabel 1" 1 That he loved you, dear, and that the: would be no chance for him. 1 don't qay sm quite happy, Z don't say 1 can quite lil my life now that ho is gone away out of it so far away, and for *— 1— -^P^roent-^ember that-for 1i b^ii M.r$£LMi. PfWiahlug," All or Nothing W?*11 hy tfae.proprietors of "The A wi i n nev< hi ttistri made any mistake about it, and I am not broken-hearted." " And you forgive me ?" " Forgive you! Because he loves yon! Yes indeed, for how could he help it? Be cause you don't love him? Well, that's another and a harder matter, but neither can you help it. Don't fret about me, Janet: indeed you need not, for I only grieve for him, and like him all the better that he loves you." "You have the most generous nature in the world." "Not I. I am only reasonable, in spite of all my fanciiulness, and I know some Erice must be paid for every blessing one as in this life. In sober seriousness, you are my best blessing. And Janet, I must tell you something; it is not only my pre sentiment about Sir Wilfrid that is fulfilled in this, it is a presentiment I had about you also. It was the very first day I saw you, and you know (here Amabel smiled, though with only a dim ghost of her usual bright ness) I, as well as poor Sir Wilfrid, fell in love with you on the spot; and it came over my mind, or my fancy, or my nerves, or whatever it is that receives those unaccount able impressions for which everybody except you scolds me, or laughs at me, that either "you would do me, or I should do you, some harm in dayB to come. It passed away im mediately, just as a shiver—which that sort of thing is like in the mind—passes over one's body and is gone; but it had been, and now it comes back to me. This is the harm you were to do me, dearest Janet; you see it is not much." " Ah, I do not think so. But, at all events, it is I who have done you, however uninten tionally, harm. As for you, you will do me nothing but good all the days of my life." " I hope so," said Amabel. The two friends said much more to one another, but Amabel did not explain to Janet why it was that she had known from the first there was no chance for Sir Wilfrid. After this they discussed the matter no further, but they were even more drawn to each other than before, and additionally com panionable, if more silent. To both the in-, exorably bad weather was welcome ; neither felt disposed to be subject just then to any scrutiny more discerning tnan tnat ot Mrs. Ainslie, who recognised no ills except her own, and that of Mr. Ainslie, who held that the climate of England was enough to ac count for anything concerning anybody. The weather, which sept the dwellers at the Chantry in, did not, however, keep Captain DnnBtain out. He came thither nearly every day, grumbled with Mr. Ainslie, sang with Miss Monro, and made himself generally agreeable. So the year drew to its close. ChriBtmaB had come and gone, with its pleasures of beneficence ana its pains oi memory, and the season, which sne espe cially dreaded, had proved a happy time, on the whole, for Janet The schools, and the almshouse women, the old people in the vil lage to which Be vis stood in the relation of the "great house," all the claimants for those bounties which are so much enhanced by personal solicitude and kindness in the bestowal of them, were saved from the neglect she had feared for them, as a con sequence of the death of Mrs. Drummond, by the active liberality of Captain Dunstan. Janet had returned to Bury-house, a few days before Christmas, but not until she had, at Captain Duns tan's request, furnished him with a statement of all that Mrs. Drummond had been wont to do for the benefit of her neighbours at Christmas-time, and arranged with Mrs. Manners—who was much mollified by Dunstan'8 amended, behaviour with regard to Miss Monro—for large benefactions of beef and pudding to the waifs and strays towards whom Janet felt more kindness than jthe sternly practical vicar altogether approved. A hard frost in the beginning of January succeeded the wet weather of the close of December, and the hunting with which Edward Dunstan had hoped to beguile the tedium of his stay at Be vis was impossible. That tedium did not, however, greatly beset him. He made .plans for the disposal of him self after the date up to which he meant to remain, and he even began to think with less reluctance than he would have believed possible a short time previously, about London in the season, but, apart from the curiosity with which he regarded the " Blue beard bureau," as he calleia it, he was in no Earticular hurry for the interval to pass. His fewas, as a matter of fact, a pleasant one, and even his hurt pride pud baffled passion could not altogether resist the stubbornness of facts. He had thoroughly qualified him self to break the seals of the packet in the Bluebeard bureau. The long-delayed message from the dead had received all respect aud attention from him. It had made him re gard Janet Monro with additional curiosity, and enhanced the interest in her that he already felt. He remembered what Esdaile had once said about his sense of the arbi tiurinessof fate in its respective dealings with himself and with John Sandilands, and he applied it to the difference between Janet's destiny and his own. Captain Dunstan liked the society of women, and especially of such as were womanly. He was not to be won by fashion, J or even by the personal attractions, which, however, rarely exist in such anomalous in dividuals, to admire women who hunt, who " walk with the guns," look on at the slaughter of pigeons, pretend to understand horse racing, talk the slang of gaming saloons, and offer,at all points, a melancholy and contemp tible spectacle to thoBe who wish well to the in dividuals and to the human race. He had too much good taste and too much .sense of humour to be moved to any feeling save dis gust and ridicule by the deplorable freaks of modern young ladyhood in these and other objectionable directions, and he had found a few specinienB of the prevailing mode, in the neighbourhood of Bevis, very irksome and op pressive to him. Amabel and Janet were both, in their far different ways, on their different levels, essentially womanly, and much to Dunstan'a taste. It never occurred to him to ask himself whether, if he could nave forgotten Laura and her treachery to •VS' ? should have fallen in love with either of them, because he could not forget k*aJai and her treachery to him had closed the book of love for him, and put it away from among his studies ; ne simply liked the +1?!!?*81* ?' a sofght their society, especially with a growing pleasure. Her "JJ^^kness, her simplicity, her quiet, ^outage, her utthr ignorance of the world, ,contrasted with the considerable sb®, acquired from books, in IT a cfaam which was largely aided by her grace and beauty. O„^n«ihls10th«of Cnptain Dunstan said t° himself, "Thik is the day for the Bluebeard bureau. I will open the mysterious Jw™ aiftlr breakf«wt.V And, while he ate that meal, he once mOre perosed Mrs. Drum mond s letter of instructions. Meanwhile Mrs. Cathcart, at the .Vicarage, iWRidinff nvay flia - 'i « » « iP ' r/yCci w rSr i oloawuu> w9« uso wanting fiJ^ n f® b^au' pondering at what time Dunstan would open the packet, how soon, and under what pretext he would re veal the secret of itls contents to her. Having waited until there should be no chance of encountering an inquisitive house maid in the admiral's corridor, or Mrs. Manners herself on a tour of inspection. Captain Dunstan proceeded to the unused rooms in whose silent and speckless order liness there was something oppressive to his fancy, and, unlocking the little door of ■ the central space of the old bureau for the second time, fa e took but the parchment-covered packet on which his own name was written by Mrs. Drummond's hand, carried it to the library, and began the examination of its contents. These proved to be two documents; a narrow strip of paper was folded round each, and sealed, and they were numbered re spectively—1,2. No. 1 was a more imposing document than the other, and even when folded and before the labelled strip of paper was removed.it looked legal. No. 2 was simply a letter. Captain DunBtan removed the strip of paper from No. 1, which he unfolded and smoothed out upon the table before him. It needed only a glance to show him that he had under his eyes a will With the usual preamble, in fair legal text, expressed with perfect distinctness, the document before him bequeathed to Janet Monro—who was named in it in terms of the warmest affection—the estate of Bevis and all the other property of every kind of which the testatrix should die possessed. The will was duly signed and attested, and with the first shock of an over whelming surprise there came over Dunstan a rush of desperate anger. He had, then, been mocked, and fooled, made to believe himself the owner of Bevis for three months to gratify Mrs. Drummond's fantastic spite, or her silly fancy! This thought was, how ever, but as a lightning flash, for the next instant his eye caught the date of the wilL It was six months earlier than that of the document by which Mrs. Drummond had be queathed Bevis to him. His own position was secure; her intention had changed, and at sufficient interval to do away with the idea of caprice; the sentiments she expressed in the letter which had been so long of reach ing him were her final sentiments; again he had wronged hei in his swift thoughts. He re-perused the will. There could be no mistake about it. Janet Monro, she of whom Mrs. Drummond had said that she regarded her as a daughter, she who was in a manner committed to his care, had been designated as the future owner of all. that was now his, by Mrs. Drummond, who had only, as she said, her own free will to consult. She was the one person in aU the world whom Mrs. Drummond loved: why had she changed her purpose towards her? It was a righteous purpose. Janet deserved from Mrs. Drum mond all that she. had to give; Janet would have made good use of it; her claim was a sounder one than his. So did the truth come home in a moment of clear seeing to Edward Dunstan. Whence had come the change? Eagerly Dunstan turned from the document, No. 1, to the letter, No. 2\. In this he would find the explanation, no donbt. The contents of No. 2 were as follows:— " I address you, Edward, on the suppo sition that you will have acted in conformity with the communication from me that is to reach you with the notification of my death ; that you will have acquired the right to read these lines and to become acquainted with the secret which must never be known to anyone but yourself. I write on the suppo sition that you have resided three months at Bevis, that youJiave won the esteem ^nd regard of Janet Monro, and that you neither are. nor are intending to place yourself, under any engagement to marry. These things being so, the case in which it is my wish to make you acquainted with the fact which the paper marked No. 1 will reveal to you has arisen, and you will now receive my last communication, which I make to you in the strictest and most solemn confidence, and which will have when it reaches you the additionally solemn sanction that the never to-be-broken Bilence of death will have been for so long between us. " It is to Janet Monro, to her nobility of mind, her disinterestedness, her firmness, that you owe the possession of Bevis, and of all I hdVe left to you. You Bee that it was aU to have been hers, and you will readily believe the alteration did not originate with me. Made aware of my intention, she most earnestly entreated me to forego it, and fail ing in that, she positively assured me that it would be useless for me to attempt to put it in force, as nothing should induce her to accept the legacy of the estate and fortune which she persisted in believing to be your inheritance by right. She succeeded, I yielded to her earnest prayer, and, had she known that I had. actually made the will of which I Bpoke to her only as a thing intended to be done, I have no doubt she would have in sisted on my letting her destroy it With her own -hands, so that you might never by any accident come to the knowledge that it had existed, and that in this, too, Janet would have succeeded. If you have gained the right to read these lines, you know by this time what manner of woman she is whom I would have had to fill my place here, and that there is none which she would not adorn. No one, however, but yourself and myself can ever know all the truth about Janet. And now, I am going to tell you why 1 have recorded this truth so that it should come to yonr know ledge, after the preparation that I have con trived. It is because, having done you all the good in my power in one way, for Janet's sake—there will -be nothing due to my memory from you on that score—I would like to do you a far greater good for your own; (u^d because, having renounced the dear hope that Bhe would he here after me, in her own right, to keep up the remem brance of us, and the tradition of the past, the same hope in another form has stolen back into my old heart I believe that you, as you will be when you read this, in Janet's confidence, her friend, the witness of her good and blameless life, could win her for your wife, if you wish to do so, and that if you do wish it, and do win her, the good I am now doing you is as far beyond what I have already done you as blessedness is be yond wealth. Should this not be so, should there never be a closer tie than that of friend ship between you and Janet Monro, this that I am doing can be no wrong, for it will make you knownow noble a heart iB that in which you have secured a friend's nlace; and, for the rest, the fancy that is not'to become fact, the hope that is not to. be realised, they will remain for ever a dead secret with the dead." Mrs. Cathcart remained at home the whole of the day, on the 10th of January, in the expectation, which she did not quite admit to herself, of Captain Dunstan's calling at the vicarage. He did not come, and the fol lowing day also passed without her seeing or hearing anything of him. It was not until the 12th that he presented himself at the vicarage, and she perceived a curious change in hiB look and manner. He entered at once npon the Bubiect of which they were both thinking, and with straightforward seriousness told Mrs. Cathcart that he ipund him Belf unable to reveal the nature of the disclosure which had been made to him. " It has no present concern," he added, " for anyone, ana merely referred to a matter which Mrs. Drummond considered it neces sary that I, as her heir, should be informed of. The delay in my receiving her first letter turnB ont to be of no consequence, and the whole affair is ot absolutely no interest or importance." You look as if you had done more think ing over this absolutely unimportant affair than you ever did in your life before," was Mrs. Cathcart's mental comment on the ex planation that explained nothing; but she was too well-bred to let the slightest doubt or disappointment appear, and her Bmiling " How fortunate !" and immediate easy introduction of Bome subject indefinitely removed from the topic under taboo, set her visitor at ease at once. In a few minutes Bhe found that he was taking the lead in the conversation, and that its direction was towards Janet Monro. Her love for the place that had been her home for so long, her quiet tastes, her re finement and cultivation, of these things DunBtan spoke in a way that seemed to pro voke a question. At last Mrs. Cathcart asked it, point-blank. Have you anything particular to say to me about Janet ? Has anything happened ?" " Yes," replied Dnnstan, " and I wished to tell you myself, because you are Buch a good friend to her and to me. I have asked her to come back to Bevis. I know you null be glad. I have asked her to be my wife, and she has consented." Mrs. Cathcart did not speak for a full minute. At last she said, " I never was more glad of anything in my life." And then, with striking inconsistency, she burst into tears. " And now for a bit of news," so ran the closing paragraph of a letter from Edward Dunstan to Sir Wilfrid Esdaile, written that same night, to reach him just before he was to leave England on an excursion, of which nothing was Bettled except that it was to be a distant one—" which will interest you and surprise you, too. I shall want the cat's eyes, after all, and Lady Esdaile shall have another set. You can guess what I mean ; I did not think of it when you were here; but 1 know it's the best thing I can do, ana that you will think so. I have asked Miss Monro to marry me. I asked her yesterday. She has said yes, and she is most anxious you should know, and sends you all sorts of plea sant messages. Don't you think I'm right? Of course, there's no nonsense about this; that isover—well over, too.no doubt—and the new leaf I have turned will have no follies writ large on it, I hope. Nothing is settled, of course, but there is nothing particular for us to wait for, and so you must not be long away," &c.; At the hour when Edward Dunstan was writing these lines, little thinking of the feelings of unavailing regret and pity they would arouse in Esdaile, Janet was kneeling in the deep bay of the window of her room at Bury-house, her folded arms upon the window-Bill. In her face, which was turned to the moonlight, lying in silver bars on the frost-bound earth, were radiant joy and peace and thankfulness, which were not con tradicted by the tears which shone in her eyes. For Janet, in that quiet hour of un equalled happiness and hope, was not think ing only of her lover; not only of the great bliss that bad come into her life to glorify it for evermore, not only of the beauty and the sweetness and the wonder of life, with love acknowledged and returned in it, but also of the friend who was gone, and the interpre tation of her bright, Blow-falling tears, was— " If she could but see me now! If she could only know how it is with me!" 