The Art of Giving Dinners. SINCE there is no form of offering hospitality s generally aoceptablo in the abstract as inviting one' f riondB to dinner, it seems somewhat strange that th art of giving dinners is not moro universally nndei stood in England than it is. It may bo said of th proper and cordial performance of this social functioi that it is, as Portia says of meroy, " twice blessed, 1 blosseth him that gives and him that takes. " In th lowest as in the highest states of civilisation, askinj ono's follow-creatHres to join ns in a meal is still, ai it has evor been, tho mast direct, unmistakable practical, and acoeptable display of regard which mai can make to man. To invite our friends to break bread with us, to partake of our salt, to put theil legs under our own mahogany, or to bog them, ir whatever fashion the custom of the time or circum stance suggests, to oat with us at our expense, is, I repeat, tho most expressive form which hospitality can take. Yat when it is surrounded with tho con ventional etiquette of modern civilised life, and is ac companied with all the ceremony incidental to polished manners, and when tho honour of your friend's " company nt dinner" is requested on a gold edged sheet of noto paper or card three weeks before the dato bf the festival, how very often does the whole business becomo a pain and a sorrow to all concerned. It is not my purnoso in this plaoe to describe elaborately tho misery inflicted upon suffering humanity by dinner-giving when the process is unaccompanied by any art. Wo all know it too well, wo havo all suffered too muoh from it, to require any emphasis to be laid upon it here. Tho great question for the lady of the house to consider when she enters on the perilous process of dinner giving, whether on a large or a small scale, should be, how she can avoid falling into orrors whioh sho is quito keen enough to observo on the part of others, and quite experienced onough to havo suffered from in her own person. She must, in a word, oonsidor how she can avoid the temptation of attempting to do what her means and tho genoral plant of her establishment render it im possible for her to do successfully. Sho must remem ber that, if the spirit of " harmonious sociability" among her guests bo not present at her board, no matter how oxcellont tho meal in itseli may be, it will becomo moro or less a dull affair, aud a pain and punishment to everybody concerned. Tho larger the number of her party, tho greator the ohances of this brightening and indispensable elomont being absent, and the greater tho need, therefore, for tho display of art. It is insisted on over and over again, by those who give and by those who receive dinners, that small parties are always pleasanter than large, and there is no doubt of this being a fact. At tho same time, great art is equally indispensable in giving a small dinner party if we would ensure its goiug off successfully; and, as large ones aro sometimes un avoidable, it is quito cortain that tho art ought to ho cultivated by every housewife. I say largo dinnor parties are sometimes unavoidable-that is, the oc casional state banquet, which high functionaries are compelled in virtue of their office to give, ÍB some times unavoidable ; and tho professional man now and then is obliged to give a professional dinner-but in private lifo the dining of 18 to 25 people at a time is no moro a necessity than dining 120 at a time is. The hostess urges that it is more economical to pay back the dinner debt she owes en masse than to give a suc cession of smaller parties-more economical in time and money, she will say ; and that one evening only, instead'bf three or four, need be given up to this liquidation of obligation. Now it is this very cir cumstance, I insist, which invests tho large dinner party with such terrors for the bidder and the bidden. To speak of economy-that is, of tho saving of two qr threo pounds-is simply absurd among people whq pan afford to give large dinner parties at all ; whilst ta_ speak of desiring tp ,{get through" with your friends qn one evening is as muph as to say, tp my thinking, that your friends are bores, and'that tho less you seo qf them the better. It is an outrage on the more name pf hospitality-a mere sham and shameless pretext for assuming, or rather for trying tp makp a display qf a virtue which wo haye not, Ye sooiefcy continues to ordain that this shall be i svetem upon which one of its most important phae shall bo carried on 5 and, liko many another of i edicts, is entirely destructivo of good art. Lot, thei foro, tho lady of a house who has tho courage of th opinion which/secretly, her own kindly nature d tates, sot her face against this hollow mockery of t true spirit, this ghost of a ghost of hospitality, ai never, except under extremo pressure, allow moro thi 10 persons m all to sit down to her dining table at timo. Even in establishments tho capabilities which aro equal to deal with largo numbers at tl festive board, it is a mistake to go beyond 10 ; h whero tho usual resources of a house aro not of thei solves, without help from outside, able to feast mor at tho most, than four or six, it is the sheerest fol to attempt to entertain a greater number. Who the "plant'' of cuisine, service, &o.;, is limited, it quite fatal to attempt to oxpand it for a speoial 0 oasion once in six months with any hope of tho dinm party laying claim to bo given with art-that is to sa with perfect satisfaction and freedom from anxiety c the part of tho hosts, and freedom from drearinoi and dissatisfaction on the part of the guests, Tor moment lot us seo what Mr,|ânthony Trollope (no co: temptiblo judge of social lifo) says on this subjoi in that admirable novel of his, "Tho Small Hom at Allington' ' : " There are houses which, in their ever; day courso, are not conduoted by any means in a so or unsatisfactory manner, in whioh lifo, as a ml runs along merrily enough ; but whioh cannot givo dinner party, or, I might say, should never allo tbemselves tb be allured into the attempt. Ti ' owners of suoh houses aro generally themselves qu'il aware of the fact, and dread the dinner which the resolve to give quita as much aa it is dreaded by the friends. Thoy know that they prepare for tho guests an evening of misery, and for themselves oe: tain long hours of purgatory, which are hardly to t endured ; but they will do it. Why that long tabb and all those supernumerary glasses and knives an forks, if they are never to be used? That argumer produoos all this misery-that, and others cognate t it." No, tho fundamental principle of good art i dinner-giving is simply this : Wo should novor attemp to do more in the way of this sort of festivity tba can be mot by a gentle expansion of our daily rc sources of kitchen and service, &o.; If a table b always properly served when none but the family ar present-that is to say, if every attention be paid t cookery, waiting, and the appointments of th tablo, that good taste and refinement demand-th addition of two or three friends to the social board even if sudden and unexpected, neither should no will put the establishment out in the least degree But if a mistress does not insist on having ovorythini done evory day with just as muoh oare as if half 1 dozen strangers were present; if she allows th parlour maid or footman to perform the duties o waiting in a perfunctory or slovenly fashion ; if tb table be not properly laid, and scrupulously attendee to in all details-then she may be quito sure that shi ia not on tho right way towards becoming a " pas mistress " in tho art of dinner giving. On the othor hand, let her keep at all times every thing and everybody up to the proper pitoh of polis! and caro, and, if she docs not rush into the wile extravagance of large parties, she may rest assurée that her small ones are in a fair way to become pro> verbial for their excollonco. She will only have tc extend the art which she so far displays to a wisc combination (for their social qualities) of the friends whom she invites to meet each other, and she it oertain of success. This latter point of "Dinnei Companions" I have already touohed upor 'in these columns, so that I need not re capitulate it now; and in conclusion I will merely add that all I have been saying ''ere refers, as it were, to tho social and not the techni cal side of the art of dinner- giving. I have purposely avoided any ref erenoe to the selection of dishes or to cookery, beoause that is so often ably treated, and is a matter of such vaBt dimensions, that it would be ! quite impossible to combine it with my side of tho ! snbjeot. But this I do say, that no cookery, however excellent, no dishes, however succulent, will of them selves necessarily constitute an artistic dinner, where as tho reverso is often the case. The simplest viands served nicely and in proper sequence, without pre tension or display, with the simplest table appurten ances-nay, even served with an air of frugal austerity -may become artistic in their combination, and help to elevate the meal to the dignified position of a work of art. If the guiding principle be one that secures the host or hostess from anxiety as to tho way in whioh^ tho entertainment is going off-if everything that is wanted be at hand, and has not to bo sought and waited for when wanted then by so far as this is the case the dinner can lay claim to hoing considered artistic. If the guests are made to feel that they are in no wise disturbing the goneral arrangements of the house, andaré not creating any distress whatever by j their presence-in ßhort, if they be made to feel at home and comfortable-we may he quite sure that the purveyor of the feast, however frugal the fare, possesses again, as far as it goes, the art of dinner giving. Good cookery alone ia no proof of thia, though of oourse it is an enormous adjunct in tho oomplete economy of the art ; but there must also be leBs easily definable elements pervading the dining room before the claim to perfect art in tho matter can Do recognised ; and it is theBO elements which I have endeavoured to touoh unon in tho above remarks. CORKSCREW. 