TOWN, TALK. A number of interesting telegrams, per Renter, conveying intelligence respecting the Afghan and Zulu wars, and other topics of public moment, are published in another, column. The Australian Mortgage Land ,. and Finance Company have received the fol lowing J*telegramfrom Messrs Helmuth, Schwartze and Co., dated London, 18th February :—" Wool sales opened with large attendance of both borne and foreign buyers. Competition is fairly animated. Prices are as high as at the end of last series. The total quantity for disposal in this series, including old stocks, comprises 270,000 bales. ' A memorandum from the telegraph autho rities, dated Sunday, says :—"The R.M.S. steamer arrived at Albany at midnight, and left at 7 o'clock this morning, for Ade laide." - A full telegraphic summary of the mail news' appears in another column. \Ve give, in another column, a full report of the proceedings.in connection- withthe departure from the colony of Sir George Bo wen. It will be seen that they were of the most enthusiastic character, and constitute a crashing reply to the unworthy comments of the Opposition Press upon His Excellency's administration.: Our Queenscliffe correspon dent writes: that the battery there saluted the Siam as she passed outward, and the re sidents at Lome- discharged rockets and lighted bonfires as a parting salute to Sir George Bowen as the steamer passed Loutit "ay . A lad. named John Bnnnion,' about 14 years of age, employed; at a pastry cook's shop, in Moorabool-street, bad a miraculous escape from serious injury through an unac-. countable accident on . Saturday ; evening about six, o'clock. He had been delivering goods at the Convent, and was returning to tpwn with his basket held close to his left side, and in the inside pocket of his coat was a lib. flask of gnnpowdcr which ho had pur-, chased during his jnuruey. When in Aber deen-street, and passing the residence of the late Mr A. S. Robertson, Bunnion was sud denly thrown to one side of the footpath by the explosion of the. powder in the flask. His right band was cut and the hair on bis head and his eyelashes was singed, hut be yond that he sustained" no injury. Mr Wilmot, of this office, who was driving along Aberdeen-street towards town at the tirney immediately went to the lad's assistance. It is believed that the powder exploded by frictioD, as the lad did not have any matches in his pocket," and was hot smoking. Bunnion resides in Asbby, but his parents' lives in Warmambool. A four-roomedweatherboard cottage, with a shingle roof, "owned and occupied'by a laborer named Maurice Conway, in Petrel- ! street, Kildare, was burnt to the ground about half-past three o'clock yesterday, •morning. .Mr Conway was sleeping in the house by himself, his family residing on a rented farm at Moranghurk, and he states that he went to bed at eleven o'clock on Satnrday night, but he forgets whether he piit a fire out which was burning in one of the fireplaces. '• However, on Sunday morn ing fie was awoke by the crackling noise of the burning timber, and bad just time to escape from.the flames which were envelop ing the house. The Ashby hose-reel was quickly at the scene of the fire, and a jet of water thrown on the flames, but it was found impossible to save the building. The dwelling wo3 insured in the Queen Com pany's office for £100, but the owner of the I tenement estimates, his loss at £1G0. J The last scene in the Purdue embezzle- j ment case took place at the Assize Court on I Satnrday, when the defaulting librarian, ! having pleaded guilty the day previous, was j placed at the bar of the Court to receive sentence. The sight of a once respected townsman, haggard and worn, in a felon's dock, asking for the mercy of the Court, tya3 a very . sad one; and when the pre siding justice pronounced sentence after sentence on each presentment, amounting in [ all to ,seven years apd eleven months'1m- | prisonment, with hard labor," the look on I the wretched man's face was painful to wit- I ness. The sentence; though severe, ' was I jnst, for Purdue, of all men, must have known the consequences which his duplicity and fraudulent practices would eventually entail. ' There is now very little lime used to purify the water coming from the upper or old re servoir. The water flows direct "along the line of open aqueduct through the tunnels and in an open gully leading to the pipe head reservoir. -This course prevents the flow oE the fluid over a clayey bottom, consequently the purity of the water is hut little impaired. It is intended to commence to- day to pitch the portions of the pipe head gnlly which are likely to scour, and when that is effected it is thought that there will hot be any neces sity to use any lime whatever. The Lovely Banks settling ponds were cleaned out the other day, and it was found that the nmd accumulated for tile short space of three months was. 9 inches in depth. This will give a very fair idea of .the quantity of mud washed down the Stony Creek from the country adjacent to the upper reservoir. The man James Walker received his sen tence on Saturday on ■ two case3 of horse stealing at Teesdale. ; The other present, meats were abandoned, both against the prisoner and the young man Albert Jones, who was discharged. Walker is ah old offender, and he >va3 lately committed at Melbourne For six years on an indictment for a similar crime. - The presiding justice, Sir Redmond Barry, in passing sentence re marked that the prisoner seemed to have an insatiable appetite for crime of this descrip tion. - The prisoner then made a statement to the effect that he had once been wrong fully committed for horse-stejiliug, and that this had exasperated him into committing further offences. ■ His Honor pointed out to the prisoner that even allowiug this to be true, it could surely not justify him in for getting the duty he owed to society. He had pleaded guilty to one charge, and he had been found guilty on another on this occa sion. That was all they had" to deal with, and the sentence on the first count would be three, years in gaol with hard labor. The punishment on the second count would not be so severe, as, though cot perhaps, com mitted on. the same, night, it formed part of the same horse-stealing raid.-The sentence for this was one year's imprisonment with hard labor," cumulative on the other, and also cumulative on " the one for six years awarded him at Melbourne.. About eight o'clock yesterday^ morning a mau" named Alfred Leech picked up a bundle in a right-of-way at the rear of Mack's Hotel. The handle, when opened, was I found to contain four new pilot blue cloth coats, all being wrapped in a long sheet of uncut pocket-handkerchiefs. The property was at once handed over to the police, who believe that the coats and handkerchiefs have been stolen from some drapery esta blishment. . The man Charles Newman, who was sus pected of administering arsenic to Mr M'Keuzie and family, and likewise the men employed on the Gnotuk Btation near Cam perdowu, of which station Mr M'Keuzie was overseer, and the prisoner the cook, was tried at the Assizes on Saturday. The parties were undoubtedly poisoned by some one, but there was not, from a legal point of view, enough evidence to connect certain acts committed by the prisoner with the ad ministering of the poison. These acts and certain threats made by him, though now snspiciouB, may of course only he rendered so by the poisoning which subsequently took place. The jary evidently thought so, for they returned a verdict of not guilty. When 'engaged lifting a heavy stone at quo of the quarries on Saturday, a quarryman - □amed William Jackson, a resident of South Geelong, severely strained his back, and had to get his injury atteuded. to at the hospital. We understand that steps are about to be taken for the holding of periodical ser vices in connection with the Church of Eugland denomination, on Sundays, in the State school at J?yansford. The weather on Saturday was in every respect of a very wintry character. Through out the day a strong, cold southerly wind was blowing, and frequent smart squalls of rain passed over the town. . The Ghost Exhibition, which has had a Beason almost unprecedented in Geelong, is announced to close on Wednesday evening next. There were two capital attendances on Saturday,- the -matinee especially being crowded with children. In the evening "Tobin's Phantasm" was repeated for the last time, and the interest in the illusion was as great as in anything Mr Head has yet shown. To-night the fairy story of "Beauty and the Beast" is to be produced for the first time in Geelong. It was specially writ-, ten. for: the Ghost Entertainment by Mr Gaj-ngt Walch, and had a long run in Mel bourne at Christmas. It abounds in extra ordinary scenic and magical effects, and has a specially localised dialogue. Lady Bowen and snite^ honored the performance of it in Melbourne. . The entertainment is to con clude with the "Haunted House." which has already.been produced nine times, and is still gaining in popularity. To those who have not witnessed it we can safely say, go. Public meetings of burgesses of the different wards are to be held on. Saturday at noon at the various places mentioned in advertisements in anoih -r column, f"r the nomination of can didates for the offices of as-es-nrs and auditors. _ The < )wls will meet in the ".old tower" at eight o'clock this evening. ■"'... Pedestrians are reminded that entries for the. following events in connection with the Birre uurra Oricket Club's athletic'sports on e-t. Patrick's Bay. must be made to-dayBirre gu'rra Cup, Hurdle liace, Walking Match, One Mile Handicap,1 and 410 Yards Handicap. We have rece ved in pamphlet form.a re port of .the Committee of Management of the Albert Home and Coffee Booms, Geelong, for the year 1878 including the trustees'report and balance-sheet. Though only a little more than 12 months started, the undertaking has heen so far prosperous that there is no doubt of its being entirely self-supporting. The board and residence: and luncheon roonu de partments have largely swelled the receipts of the institution, while jthe reading and recrea tion rooms, the latter containing bagatelle and a'largebilli ird table, have proved »re itsonrces of attraction to the yotng men. The pamphlet is being circulated, anil a perusal of it trill be found very interesting.! 