TO THE REV. A. C. HURST, ON HIS CALUMNIES AGAINST CATHOLICS. (Per favour of Carcoar Chronicle.) 'The poison which under the name of antidotes against Popery, and such like mountebank titles, has been circulated from our pulpits and press, from the heads of the Church of England, and the heads of Dissenters, has tended to drive all religion from our minds, and to fill them with nothing but hatred to liic religion ot oi.ner people, and, or course, wit.li a hatred of their persons.' — Edmund BuitKE. Eev. Sir, — The virulent discourse which you lately uttered from the pulpit, and had pub lished in last Saturday's Chronicle, and in which you grossly and gratuitously calumniated your Catholic neighbours, would have come under tho TJbove scathing censure of your co-religionist, the great Edmund Burke, had you lived in his day. Had you confined yourself to your pulpit, you might have culminated our religion as long and as much as you pleased — no Catholic would mind you ; but when, not content with insulting us before a congregation called together by public announcement, you flaunt in our faces the same false charges through the press, you must have been wanting in com mon sense if you did not expect to be publicly criticised. Indeed, rev. Sir, the course you have adopted is a clear indication that you court criticism, and hence, if only to oblige you, I am induced to notice you. I claim no right to com plain of your attitude or opinions on the question of education. As you are in favour of a purely secularist system, you are free to encourage it by every legitimate means, and to use what ever influence you possess with your people to move them in the same direction ; and if the Oriflinlm lnrn'rivpli V- nrlmii.f rull\' pnmniQivl (if n learned, prudent, far-seeing body oi: men, feel compelled to condemn it, and in duty bound to warn their people against it, neither you nor any one else outside the Catholic Church have a right to complain of their action. You assume an angry tone, because they call your favourite system hard names ; .but you know, rev. Sir, right names are oftentimes hard ones. The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, who is an able, as well as an honest man, is quite as hard on your system as they are. The evil effects which he attributed to Secularism in his colony are exactly similar to those arising from it here, which clearly demon strates that it must be radically wrong, and have an evil tendency everywhere. Dr. Moorhouse says ' that it will cause the children's faculties to wither away ; that it will cause religion to narrow down to a weak superstition ; that it will cause chil dren to grow up mero animals, admiring vice for its courage or its smartness, and that instead of sending forth good, wise, self-denying men, it will produce a race of larrikins.' And this is tho soul-destroying system whoso welfare you are striving to promote. Your own Metropolitan, too, would be found at the present time condemn ing it as strongly and as emphatically as ever, only ho thinks he is too big to be seen following the leadership of Archbishop Vaughan. I don't think you are quite correct when you say the mandate has been treated with contempt by Catholic parents. I can speak for this diocese, and I believe I can safely say that in those locali ties in which Catholic schools are established — and they are many — not moro than a score of Catholic children altogether ore attending Public Schools, and thoso aro chiefly children of mixed marriages, jcou are aiso mistaken wnen you state that those who establish and control Catholic Schools encourage greatly the attendance of Protestant children. Now what could be their motive in doing so ? You admit that tho teachers of these schools do not interfere with their religion, and in order not to do so, you must know that they havo con stantly to bo on thoir guard, so that no word might escape them hurtful to tho consciences of these children. Instead, then, of the attendance of your children being an advantage to tliG Catholic teachers as you insinuate, it is on the contrary, a disadvantage, inasmuch as it imposes upon thorn additional labour and inconvenience, ? and, to somo extent interferes with the effici ency of tho instruction of tho Catholic chil dren. If you had Protestant schools, erected at your own expense, and conducted by most ofllcient teachers, and to which Catholics in their own interest sent their children, would you do likewise ? If you, rev. Sir, had devoted your so-called lecture to stimulating your congre gation to a healthy rivalry with their Catholic neighbours, in bringing within their children's roach tho moans of a sound education, yoti would havo used your timo far moro profitably, both to yonrsolf and to them, than by misusing ifc v.a you , did in ' bearing false witness against your neigh bour.' This, rev. Sir, is a serious charge to ar raign you on ; and it would be highly culpable in me to advance it, if I were not fully convinced of being able to sustain it ; I proceed to do so as briefly as possible. In your published sermon you tell your people that their attitude towards their Catholic neighbours — whom you designate their enemies and foes — ' should take the two forms of offence and defence.' And you point out to them ah mnuiauai^auio uuiiiia l.uu iliuujiuli ul uiiujiuu tULJy are to adopt towards their inoffensive neighbours — the' most offensive mode by which Catholics could bo offended — in these authoritative words, ' Go forth with the Bible ; take it as we have received it unsullied by any modern interpola tions — the pure Word of God ; explain its doctrines to those who arc in error, let them see for themselves. Put it into the hands of the Roman Catholics ; give them free access to it, and it will serve more to convert them to our way of thinking than anything wo can do. Go forth with argument and entreaty. If we think Romanists aro in error, it is right to leave thorn so ?' Then you suggest to them what you con sider the sorest points against which to direct their attacks. These points you say you term our ' grossest errors,' and singling out one of them you speak thus, ' I mean the undue ex altation of the Virgin Mary. It is no use for Catholics to say they do not worship the Virgin — we iviiuw um;y uu, aim uiab sue jioius a position in their prayers equal if not above that of the Saviour himself. After indulging a fit of whining in a truly Mebhodistical fashion you, on awakening from your reverie, ask, ' By what authority of Scripture do the Roman Catholics unduly exalt the Virgin ?' and with an assumed air of triumph, pretending you were about to vanquish a real living foe, when you must have known it was a phantom of your own creation, you answer ' by no warrant at all.' You must have known, rev. Sir, and if you did not you ought to have known, and therefore your ignorance is culpable, and I cannot excuse you, that when you were dressing up that hideous figure, and holding it out to amuse your hearers and readers, and to display your own smartness in pulling it to pieces, you were grossly misrepresenting Catholic doctrine. This mode of offence bears a striking similarity — excuse the comparison, rev. Sir, it is very appro priate — to the barbarity of the cruel Nero, who used to amuse himself with dressing our predecessors, the early Christians, in the skins of beasts, and thus disguised, letting dogs loose upon them to tear them to pieces. In the days of Nero too — I hope they are not returning — an error just as gross as that you have been attri buting to us, was imputed to the Christians. To avoid the fury of their persecutors, they had to celebrate the Holy Sacrifice of tho Mass secretly in the Catccombs ; and it somehow got abroad' among the pagans, that they were in the habit of adoring the head of an ass, and killing children, and eating their flesh, at their religious meetings. There was some excuse for the poor pagans for not knowing better ; you are far less excusable, rev. Sir, than they, for you have ourselves and our doctrines in the broad davlieht before vou. If you, before publishing your calumnies, had called to you one of our school- children, he would give you our children's first Catechism, and there in the chapters under the First Commandments you could see cleary explained the doctrine you have been misrepresenting. Or if, instead, you proposed to his belief that carica ture which you held up to your congregation as our doctrine, he would unhesitatingly tell you in substance that if an angel came from heaven and required him to believe it, he would not hearken to him. Besides there are our many other books of Catholic instruction, in any of which you could see at a glance that the utterance you have sent abroad is a calumny. I select the following sentence, which you could have seen in many of them, and the moment you see it you will at once understand my reason for picking out this par i.ifiilm* rmr» ? ? ' Anvrmf* f.li:il~. IYpIipvac f.liA T^loccnrl Virgin Mary to be more than a creature ; that worships her, or puts his trust in her more than in God ; that believes her above her Son, or that she can in anything command Him, let him be anathema.' Take away the anathema from tho foregoing, and then compare it with the caricature of our doctrine in your sermon, and you will find it is almost a verbatim copy. You know tho meaning of the word anathema attached to a form of belief ; it pronounces the person cursed who believes the formula to which it is attached ; in other words, it cleai'3 him out ; so that you see anyone believing or practising the above doctrine, which is precisely the one you have attributed to us, would be at once driven by tho Catholic Church into the ranks of: Protes tantism. This reminds me that you, rev. Sir, could revere, and respect, and honour the Blessed Virgin, and ask her prayers the same as we do, and still bo a thorough-going Protestant. Martin Luther, you will admit, was a first-rate Protes tant, and he strongly recommended the prac tice after he became a Protestant, although I am afraid he did not practise it much himself ; these aro his words — ' Lot no one omit to call upon the Blessed Virgin, and tho angols and saints, that they may intercede with God for him at that instant,' — tho timo of death. Now, rev. Sir, in order to show you that wo, bad as yoii think us, aro not wanting in charity, oven to thoso who calumniato us, I will write down for your own special in struction tho defined doctrino of the Catholic Church regarding tho Blessed Virgin. This is it, literally translated from the Decree of the Council of Trent — ' It is good and useful to havo recourse to her prayers, to obtain favoms from God, through His Son Jesus Christ Our Lord, who is alono our Redeemer and Saviour.' Mark tho words 'good and useful,' and you wiil see at :?? glance that all tlio Church requires of us is to beliovo that it is good and profitable to have re course to her intercession. Now, however firmly wo may boliovo a thing to bo good raid useful, still if wo are not bound to do it, v,ro aro at liberty to leave it undone ; eo you aoo ti person may still bo a Catholic and novov naU tho Blessed Virgin to pray for him at all — though I never met suck a one. I assure you, rev. Sir, I am surprised to find you raising this cry of idolatry against us — for although you very mildly call it a ' gross error,' idolatry is the right name. I did not call it by its right name while I was reasoning with you about it, for fear of ruffling my temper, and you know yourself when a man's temper is ruffled he sometimes says hard things which he is sorry . for afterwards. But what I am surprised at is that you should be found bringing against us the charge of idolatry, because no man having the slightest pretence to be a scholar lays such a charge against Catholics now-a-days. Did you never hear the origin of this charge of idolatry against Catholics — it is almost as old as Protes tantism itself. It was employed against tho Catholics of England over 300 years ago, to serve a purpose, and succeeded admirably. The Duke of Somerset, the maternal uncle and guardian of Edward VI.— who was head of your church at nine years of age — got up tho cry of idolatry against the Catholics to serve as a pretext for his avarice in robbing them of the remnant of their property which escaped the hands of Henry VIII. It proved, howevei-, tobe one of those very few falsehoods which no amount of repetition can make current, and so, having an swered the end for which it was started, it was gradually abandoned, and has never since been revived, except oy an occasional ureurauu or rai.ter when he gets vexed. When an attempt was made afterwards to revive it, the candid Thorndike, a dignitary of your church, warned his brethren ' not to lead people by the nose to believe they can prove Papists to be idolaters when they can not.' Keep clear of firebrands and ranters, rev. Sir, if you respect you reputation — they aro low company. Well, I think we have quite enough of idolatry now ; it is a nasty subject, and we shall throw it aside. The next most formidable 'error' you have to accuse us of is Purgatory ; and here, I observe, there is a change of task from the offensive to the defensive. In the idolatry business you were attempting to force a doctrine down our throats which we do not believe ; but now you are striving to take one we believe from us. Bad as you think Purgatory, rev. Sir, we will stick to it ; if we give Purgatory up, we may go farther and fare worse. But you will have a Purgatory of your own to-morrow or after ; for are you not aware that several of your rev. brothers, some of them high dignitaries, have denied the eternity of hell, thereby limiting the duration of future punishment — consequently believing in a state of temporal punishment hereafter — in other words, a Protestant Purgatory, one of your own, away from the Catholics. As this modern Purgatory will not be found in the Bible, of course you can not accept it ; for I see you call Purgatory a ' gross error,' because you can find no trace of it there. Your Bible must be very barren, as you appear to be able to find nothing in it. We can find Purgatory in several places in our Bible ; but then it contains more Scripture than yours. If your predecessors, rev. Sir, who went out from us kept the Bible that we have now when they had it, instead of getting up a printing press on their own account, you would now have a Bible in which you would have no difficulty in finding Purgatory. If they had not rejected from the Canon the Books of tho Machabees, which were there from the beginning, you would have Purgatory in your Bible as clear as daylight. But Luther first got off the track by denying indulgences — to be con sistent he had to deny suffrages for the dead — to reject prayers for the dead, he had to throw Purgatory overboard ; so that is how you are without the Book of Machabees on your Scrip ture Canon. And by searching the Scriptures you have, such as they are, you could find Pur gatory in them still, if yon had a church that would assist you in interpreting these ; but pri vate judgment, tnau glorious privilege, uu prived you of that. But there is no denying that a friendly hint sometimes proves useful. Well here is a hint that might bring you to Purgatory. You say in your discourse that there is no tidings of Purgatory in your Bible, be cause you can there discern no ' purga torial flames ;' from this it is evident to me that you think that we must believe that the punishment of Purgatory proceeds from fire ; and hence I can easily imagine how you might pass Purgatory over and over again in your search, while only intent on discovering some place described as having a raging fire. I don't say by any means, that you are wrong in thinking that there is fire there ; indeed I am of the same opinion myself, on account of the words of St. Paul where he speaks of those that ' shall be saved as if by fire,' (quasi per ignem) — but as he does not say positively by fire, the Church in defining the doctrine did not define the nature of the punishment. This is the doctrine as defined by the Church, and consequently, what we are bound to believe :— 'There is a Purgatory, and tho souls detained there are helped by tho prayers of tho faithful, and particularly by the accept able Sacrifice of the Altar.' You see tho Church does not say that all must go there, or that any one must go there if he is good enough ; whereas, in that mythological Purgatory you were giving us, you say our doctrine is ' we must go to Hades after death. ' Keep Hades for yourself, as you can find no Purgatory in your Bible; Here is your argument against Purgatory put into syllo gistic shape — nothing is to be believed but what is in the Bible ; but Purgatory is not in the Bible ; therefore we cannot believe in it. Admit ting that your minor proposition can be proven — and it cannot — here is a parallel case that entirely upsets your position. Nothing is to be believed but what is in tho Bible ; but we have .no account in tho Bible of the procession of tho Holy Ghost from tho Son ; Therefore it cannot be admitted. Yet you beliove that; tho Holy Ghost proceeds from the Son and tho the Father, if you believe tho third article of your Creed. And this is not the only article your church takes on trust from ours, and of 'which there is no mention made in tho Bible. ;, ? But 'you kayo 'one great argument,' as you call ? ' it, against Purgatory, in the words of Our Divine Ijord from tho cross — ?' it is finished,' by which you say ' He meant undoubtedly that the work of our salvation was finished as regards expiration and everything else.' This is the point from ?which Luther started when lie set out on his exploring expedition to find a short and easy track to heaven. You have it in your Thirty-nine Articles yet, where it is described as a ' doctrine that is wholesome and very full of comfort,'— then why not risk your salvation on it, and follow it in practice. If Christ, by His death, not only opened heaven, and placed within our reach means of arriving there — as we hold he did — but comes and drags us there whether we like it or not, as your doctrine implies, then what need is there of baptism, or faith, or repentance for the sinner, or the observance of the Commandments ? And why not throw hell overboard as well as purga tory ? And as ' Christ died ' for all, and by His death left us nothing to do iu the work of our salvation, the pagan is quite safe as well as the Protestant. A nice, cheap, comfortable way to lieaven, I admit., going there on a ' free- pass,' just as our members of Parliament travel on the railways. You may get a ' free-pass,' rev. Sir, being a member of a Royal Ecclesiastical Parlia ment, but we will go on foot, and expect to arrive there before you. Luther went sea-faring 'without a compass — a very dangerous experiment — and trying to avoid Scylla fell into Charybdis. Follow Luther, rev. Sir, if you please, and leave us Purgatory. The next and last 'error' on your list is Con fession; and I can assure you that whether Confession is in your Bible or not, that there is such a thing, and that it is practised with profit by your Catholic neighbours, and that it is far from being an error. And moreover, so useful and necessary do we find it to be, that we are fully determined never to give it up ; because we are convinced that if we did so, we would be like the world around us, calumniating our neigh bours, without any one to call us to order. And you, rev. Sir, are represented in your Book of Common Prayer, as having power to forgive, and to require Confession as clearly as words can put it. I do not say you have the power, because you would not believe it ; but this I say, that you ought, in order to be consistent, either encourage and practise confession, or fling the book of Common Prayer to the winds as well as Purgatory. As you cannot but observe, rev. Sir, I have avoided even the appearance of ad vancing any proof of Catholic doctrines in this letter ; simply because such is not my object in writing it. My object is to show you that you have misrepresented Catholic doctrine and prac tice, in a sermon published before the public. Indeed, I am decidedly averse to the publication, through the public press, except when unavoid able, of doctrinal tenets, in a mixed community, be cause I believe it is calculated to generate acrimony and excite rancour between peaceable neighbours. Besides, Catholics are taught their religion in their church and their school ; and your people, so far from being expected to be anxious to know the reasons of our belief, might, if they obeyed your ill-advised injunction, be expected to be seen daily at our doors, Bible in hand, reminding us of our errors. You seem not to realize the inutility as well as tho offensiveness of that religious ag gression termed ' Bible-reading,' when directed against Catholics. Ib is more than useless ; for it never does any good, and never fails to do harm. . The simplest Catholic in town would make the smartest member of your congregation look ridiculous, if he attempted to interfere with his religious convictions by the aid of your Bible. I need hardly tell you the hercu lean task ho would have to perform before he could claim tho right of being able to convince him that any one sentence it contains is the Word of God. Bible-reading was tested in Ireland to an extent that was never approached in any other place in the world — not by amateurs only, but also by skilled professionals, who squan dered millions of other people's money in their nefarious work, and circulated tons upon tons of rile publications, far more calumnious than your published sermon, and it proved a dead failure. The man who attempts to gain over a Catholic to Protestantism, constitutes himself a spiritual pirate ; because he robs him of much that lie has, and has nothing to give him. In the Church he is in ho has already more faith than you require him to have ; lie has more Scriptures than you can give him, and far strong. \v incentives to charity. Helms Bacraments rich in grace and the Holy Sacrifice ' of the Mass every Sunday in his church, and every morning through the week when lie- can make it convenient to assist at it. Let him go over to your church, and what have you to give him ? He is already baptized, so he does not .'want baptism ; your confirmation you hold to be only a religious rite ; your Eucharist is a shadow ?without a substance ; you do not claim to have the ?power of forgiving sins ; Extreme Unction yon have allowed to fall into disuse ; orders you do not hold to be a sacrament: and the sacra ment of matrimony you have let fall to the level of civil contract. Your Church is closed from Sunday till Sunday, and on that day it 'is a mere prayer-hall, where he may go and read his Bible, and say his prayers— ?which he can do at home — and perhaps, hear the doctrine of his Catholic neighbours ridiculed. You have no sacrifice, having, by tho denial of the Real Presence in tho Holy Eucharist., banished God from your Church, just as Secular ism banished Him from the Public Schools. As ' I headed this letter by an extract from one of the ablest ar.d honostest men that ever graced your 'Church, I conclude with another from a member of your Church, scarcely less celebrated. Dr. 'Johnson says — ' A man who is converted from 'Protestantism to Popery may be sincere. He parts with nothing ; ho is only ouperadding to ?what he already had. But to convert from . Popery to Protestanism, a man gives up so much of what ho has held as sacred as anything he , retains there is such, a laceration of mind in such a conversion, thatit '-can ?.?hardly be sincere pr- lasting.' . . ' . : '. -: Father : XJavebnS lf Carcoar, August 29th, 1879. ? : ^ ' ;.'*,' 