GHOST TALES UNVEILED. (ananza's wmZLY.) A FEw years ago I removed into a new and larger house with a young family. Some nights after my removal I was awakened in the middle of the night by a distant knocking twice or thrice repeated at my bedroom door. I called out, "Who's there?" There was no reply; but after an interval of a few minutes the knocking was repeated as distinctly as before. Again the same question, "Who's there?" and again on reply; but again came the knocking, if possible more distinct and louder than before, and just as if a person outside in the lobby had struck sharply and repeatedly with his knuckles on the door. I sprang rapidly from bed on its being repeated, and rushed to the bedroom door and opened it, determined to catch the knocker. But there was no one outside; and no one could have escaped down the staircase, which was what is callera well staircase, brilliantly lighted with a flood of moonlight, which streamed through the sky-light window. I am not and never was spirit-stricken or superstitious; but I will confess my sensations:now became trying: my heart began to throb, and I returned to bed with=.ears= -painfully---awake. -'Again came the knocking, cl]eri ieid distinct and methodical as before. Although feeling very uneasy, I crept silently out of bed and stretched myself on the floor with my head on tlhe boards and a few feet from the bedroom door, to find out if possible from what part of the door. the knocking proceeded. Again it came as before, and I could distinctly refer it to the lowest part or panel of the door. I suddenly opened the door, but with the same result as before; and again I lay in my former position. .'Again came the knocking, three or -four distinct taps; and now fixing my eyes steadily on the spot from which the tapping proceeded, I saw the knuckle-bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of a very small walnut, jerked repeatedly against the skirting that lay alongside the door. The skirting was thinner than the sounding board of a piano; and it was the sudden tapping of the little bone against the sounding-board that produced the repeated knocking. But how was the tapping produced? By a mouse that had found its way along the hollow space behind the wainscot. It had bored a hole in the very lowest part of the wainscot, very nearly on a level with the floor, had found its little bone left after the children's dinner, and had dragged it to the entrance of- its hole but could not get it through. It had dragged through the tough bitof sinew which is attached to the end of the, bone-popularly known in mutton as the gentleman's bone-and was trying, by jerking it backward, to bring the bone itself through; and each jerk gave a blow against the thin sounding-board, and each blow gave out the sound or mysterious knock. My next experience was, if possible, more puzzling. In the neighborhood of Dublin, on the rocky sea-coast of Dalkey, there are several castles supposed to have been erected by the Danes for the protection of their traders. They are still in fair preservation, and I have dwelling-houses of moderate construction built against them. One of these old castles is on the very verge of the sea, what was once a rocky inlet, but is now a harbour, along the opposite side of which is a row of fishermen's cottages. The dwelling-house attached to the old castle I with my family occupied in summer, for health's sake and to enjoy boating, of which I was fond. I observed, some time after taking up my residence in it, that, no matter what time I went to bed-and I generally sat up one or two hours after the other members of my family had retired-the servants from the kitchen story selected the same moment for their departure. This unceasing regularity became at last annoying, and I insisted on knowing the cause. The information was given to me that the old castle was haunted, and on no inducement would the servants remain after I ascended from the parlor. I had now reasons for thinking there were some ground for fears. The pantry particularly, and the rest of the house with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. These were plainly heard, and there was added an additional aggravation; for, not content with this the "supernatural" visitor began to do mis chief, and generally in the gray of the morning made free with eatables and pots of jam on the shelves, occasionally breaking a glass or plate. To add to the mystery, though the pantry was locked carefully every night, the depredations still continued, and at length the terrorofench night's visitation became greater and greater, and various stories began to be circulated, one being that the visitant was a spirit of a.nun condemned to suffer the pangs of hunger for some transgression. This was supported by the circumstance of the old castle and the grounds having been some years before occupied as a convent. The only opening into the pantry was through a ventilator in the roof, very high up, and adjoining one of the lofty walls of the old castle. Through this no human being could obtain an entrance; but it was entered by a monkey, which came to it in this way. One of the pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to a ship, to relieve the one on duty, when the monkey, sick I suppose of beingatsea,and determined not tolose the opportunity, jumped into the boat, and on nearing the shore jumped out again and sought the nearest shelter, which happened to be the old castle The ship was from the West Indies,. laden with sugar. The monkey, though missed from the homeward- bound was unoticed by the pilot crew, and finding his way from the castle to the ventilator of the adjoining dwelling-house pantry, sought to allay his hunger there when all was quiet at night. By day the creature lay hidden in the old castle; and it was only after a lapse of many days and nights that poor Jacko was discovered peeping out from his lodging in the old Norman keep. The election of the future Prince of Bul garia is exciting considerable agitation in that state, and the Russian representatives complain of the coldness with which the sacrifices of Eussis on behalf of Slav free dom are regarded. 