Theatre Royal, — "East Lynne'1 waspro- duoed last night for /the Booond time, during tho season, in which Miss Clara' Stephenson, as usual, had tho house to herself; and moved her audieuoe by hor exquisite display of passion and pathos. The slartlln - Duntniuuu piajr ui «f ium - will be produood this ovouing with now drcsso- and scenery. This extraordinary pieoe ran fo: over two years in London, and it is said tnrne'.'. out so many young high way mon from among.: tho gutter snipes of the groat metropolis thn> tho Lord Chamberlain- had to prohibit iiv further representation. Wo think thero ar ' Buffioieat larrikins in Rookhampton to mora than mako it a saoooss. Bohool Op Arts.— The benefit tondered Mi. J. Downes and aIIbb Violet Rose was not attended so well as it might have been, but the kindly monnor iu whioh thoeo present rcooived the bouoAoiaros more than, compensated for this disadvantage. Thoso taking part in the performance aequittod themselves well, and though Miss Violet Ropo wub prevented, through ill health, from doing justioe to the songs she nttompted, yot her efforts were well reoeivod. Mr. J. Down dolightod his auditors by singing in bis best style, nnd gave proof that be desorved thoir1 Qlinnnpf. fftP fthn nfflnvAMt manna In n,k<ak ko has disohargod the triplo duties of agont, manager, aud singer, during his stay in Book, hampton. Oddfellows' Hall,— Last night, Professor Taylor and his wife gave a skating performance at the abovo hall, which, considering tho oouutor attractions in tho town— to wit, the Theatre and the " Ghost" at the School of ArtB, was marvellously woil attended, Before Mr. Taylor and Mrs. Taylor took poBioBsion of tho floor, whioh was for tho space of about half an hour before thoir part of tho pro gramme oommenood, and after tho hall had boon oponod, muoh amusement was created by tho efforts of lournera, who wore ambitions of rinking, and tbe groateit morrimont was caused by their grotesque offorts, and tho numbers that ontno to grief in the attompt. Whon tho fun had gono on for tho tinio men tioned, tho King and Queen of Skntoa made their appoaranoo, and anything half so perfoot as tho way in whioh tbe performers swam, or rather floated, round the hall, would be porfootly marvellous, for their perfor mance waB graceful in tho extreme, and tho poetry of motion. Thoy waltzed and dauoed tho Varsovionne beautifully — in fact, seemed quite as much at home on the wheels as aro birds ou tho wiDg, and eailed.along with a oaroloss oaae.and eleganoo of movement which was perfectly oatonisalng, displaying tho admirable physique ot the lady, whioh showed to groat advantage in hor bcoomiug oostuma, Aftor a lapse of somo fifteen minutes, during whioh the crowd again took possession of tho boards, Mr. Taylor gave us a spcoimen of his olub practice, and plays with them as if they woro feather weights. Grout amusement was oroated bT tho contest for the silver medal presented by the Professor to tho best amateur skater pre sent, and whioh fell to tho lot of Mr, Staunton, The raoe was ton times round the hall, outside four obairs, whioh were not to bo tonchod in turning tbe comers, Tho skating duett was a novol performance, whioh should be seen and heard to bo appreciated. The performance will ha repeated tliis evening. Church of Enoland Concert,— An amateur conoort in aid of tho Churoh of England Building Fund will be given in the Sohool of Arts, on Tuesday evening next. A '.referenoo to our advertising columns will infirm readers of tho oharaotorof the nr»r«m. «---r — J the oooasion. It is one of moro than ordinary oxoellonce, comprising as it does somo of thegoms from tho mastarpiooos of Gounod, and other popular composers, as woil as a number of favorite and beautiful airs. Draftod as this performance is to suit all tastes— if wo may bo allowed to use tbe haoknoyed phrase — we have no doubt, that it will attraot a large audiono9 to tho ooucort cspcoinlly as tbo oxcoution of the several items will ho entrusted to comDotent hands. This latter fact couplod with tbo ono already mentioned justifies tho prediotion that the entertainment will ba a most successful one, an the event a complete if not a striking as. Mr. J. J. Kennedy's Benefit,— On Monday night, tho above promising young actor takes his benefit in Dion Boucicnult's cclobratod world-renowned drama, " Tho Colleen Bawn," which will bo now to many of our Rookhamp ton play-goers. Mr, Konnody has crept into muoh favor with the publio during hia prosout visit, and shown a marked improvement in hia aoting siuoo his return from tho south; and played, as well as shown, on more than ono oooasion during tho present season, that he had good stuff in him ; and we trust tho publio will lend him a helping-hand on Monday even ing, just to remembor them by. The benefit is tho aotor's hopo, and \ro Bhoald be surry to see it blighted. A New Phase of Lariukisn.— Late last night, thrco big slovenly-looking fellows— yclept, larrikins — extinguished the lampB in Qnay-atrcot in a ii.ost effective manner. It is to be hoped that tho repitition of this freak will ' be prevented, for, though the spor tive youths may delight in darkness, ou aooount of their ways heing ovil, it is not reasonable to 8upposo that the inhabitants of Quay-street and tho general publio will prefer tho atreot to bo darkened, and the safety of limb or lifo im perilled by this novelty in tho way of tarriEinism. Found Dead, — A somewhat strango aooidont ooourrod on Thursday night. Mr. Lafleld, who is well known in tho town ns a supplier of vogotables, fruit, iko., purchased u horso somo time since for £22. This horso was, when ho arrived home of an evening turned out, and ho invariably camped during tho night under n largo tree. On Friday morning the unfortunate animal was found lyiug beneath the tree, whioh had fallen during the night, quite dnad, and his baok broken. Upon examination it waB discovered that the roots of the tree had rotted away and had toppled over. Thero was no wind daring tho night, and the wonder is that the old forest gisnt had not long since suooumbod, Appropriation Aot. — We learn by the Ap propriation Act that in addition to tbe sum of £908,061, already applied to the service of the year ending 86th Juno, 1879, thero shall aud may he issued and applied out of the Consoli dated Fand a furthor sum of £272,986 towards making good tho supplies granted for tho seivico of the year up to tho above dato ; and a supplementory sum of £27,118 to be appro, priated as follows Exocutivo aud Legisla- tivo, £7291 ; Colonial Seorotary, £146,102 ; administration of jastiee, £11,138; Secretary for Fublio Instruction, £67,087 ; Treasurer aud Sooretary for Finanoo und Trade, £63,611 ; Department of Fublio Works, £85,808 ; De partment of Railways, £77,607 ; Postmaster- General, £89,432 ; supplementary, £27,118. Police Court.— At tho Folieo Court jester- iiy.hoforeT. P. Pugh, Esq.,P.M., two cas> Wore hoard. August Noilson pleaded guilty t o having firod a gun within the precincts of tl c Botanical Gardens on Bnnday last, Tli Curator of the Gardens, Mr. Jamoa S. Regan explained tbo oiroumstanees Of tho oaBO, ai d tho Bench, whioh had hitherto imposed but » nominal penalty for such infractions of tho la<\- , finod tbe dofondant 20s., with 8s. Cd. eosir, in dofnult of paymont n distress warrant to iBsue. Tho defendant had his gun roturnc 1 him, though tho- offsnoa rendered it liable to forfeiture. Tho oaso of Johu Nolan v. Frank Floet oooupied some timo iu hearing. The Defendant, I'ranK xieet, wno was a jockb.y pleadod not guilty to having absented himself from tbo Bervioe of complainant withont loavj- or reasonablo cause. Complainant deposed tint he had engaged dofendant on 11th June as groom and joakey, at a certain rate of wages, for one month, or nntil tho termination of tho Rookhampton races, but that two days after defendant left his employ. Mr. Mel bourne, who appeared for tho defendant, sub mitted that tho information ought to be dismissed, on the grounds that there was no proof of entry of dofendant into complainant's sorvioo, and that tho evidenoe showed that detcnaani was engageu as a jooioj uuu oase did not therefore oome under the provi sions of the Master's and Servant's Aot These objections were overruled by the Bonoh. For tho defeneo it was statod by dofondant that ho had not entored into any engagement with complainant. Aftor considering the evi- ponoe, bis Worship dismissed tho information on aooount of the oonflioting nature of the evidonoo, and made no order for coBts. "London Assurance."— In our remarks in yosterday's issuo oonoorning tho porformanco of Cool, Sir Haroouit's servant, wo iuadver- tently decorated Mr. O'Brien with those laurel- whioh wore by right tho oxolueivo proporty of Mr. Coatollo when wo dosoribod his personation of tho oharaoter as boyond critioism, and so it WflB- vBaj llit lUUUeUi One MonE.— Mr. Robort Nuroombo an old townsman, who at ono timo carried on an oxtensive business as a produoo doalor und timber merchant, but who some years ngo opened a public house at tho cornor of Bolsovcr and Fitzroy street, from which ho retired twelve mouths since, diod at his roBidonoa yesterday moruiug and was buried yestorday nftornoon. He was attended to tho cemotery by tho Frcomasons, (of whioh body ho was a membor) and a number of his old friends and fellow townsmen. Mr. Nuroombo at ono time took an aotive part in looal affairs, and was for somo years tho aldermun for, we bcliovo, tho Leiohhardt Ward. Hospital. — Stato of tho hospital for tho week onding Friday, 20th Juno : — Admitted daring tho week, 7 malos ; discharged, 20 males, 3 females. Remaining in hospital, 50 males, 14 |fomales. Total 64. Four patients in tho Bpeoial ward. Tho Rosident Surgeon has tho ploasaro to thank Mrs. H. Holt, Glen- prairio, for a parcel of linon and periodicals) for tho uso of tho patients. Mb. Berry and the Banes of Vic toria. — Whilo the oppouonts of Mr. Borry endeavor to show that tho cause of tho present stringouoy in tho money market Is due to tho policy of tho Governmont, (and that it is so to a great extent we firmly beliovo) another attempt is made to provo that it arisos almost ontirely from tho coureo pursued by the banks. It is statod by tho Leader, which is Berry to tho backbono, that whilo tho liabili ties und assets of tho banks have «iwm«i, increased witbin tno liiBt ton years, tho capital at their oommand has remained almost sta tionary. During tho samo period the number of manufacturers, and tbo area of cultivated land has more than doublod, and the foreign commerco of the colony grown to nearly £32,000,000 per annum ; but the money in the hanks has only increased since from £8,136,325 in 1867 to £8,756,894 in 1877. Of this sum, not more than £1,500,000 is at tho oommand ua i.uu puLuiy v iuiuhhu uuued, me Daiance being spread' among tho other Australian Colo, nios, India, and Groat Britain. The argument is, that the money of the people, instead of being dovotod to ordinary, is dovoted to mortgages, and to assist squatters in Victoria aud the neighboring oolonies to become tho purcliasors in feo of tho runs thoy ocoupy under pastoral loasos. That is, tho money is used to assist the operations of great land owners, thereby materially injuring the in terests of tho vory olass whioh furnishes tbe oapital. " Banking," says tho Leader, " in Viotoria and tho other Australian oolonies is only a synonym for a system under whioh the 1 workers, tempted by a high rate of interest, furnish by their savings tho means by which tho wealthy lower orders are enabled to add aoro to aero, and square milo to square mile until at last there will not bo a rood of gronnd in all Australia wbioh tbey will not call their own. Advanoos upon tho security of land, whioli are from their very nature almost interminable, should not bB mnde by banks of issuo and deposit ; and least of all should thoy bo made with funds whioh belong, not to tho bank itself, but to tbo publio, and may at any moment be withdrawn. And it is most repre hensible that tho banks should, tempted by higher profits, be induced to withdraw raonoy which is intoudod for tho ordinary purposos of trado, and divert it to what aro really mort gages. It is by suoh means that tho orisis WMUUUW SJJ vuw mum uuavufh hum iii uiuujj uluuub has been intensified, and thut discounts aro at tho prooout moment prooured with difficulty ovoil at tho exoesBive rate of 8 per eeut., while money is literally going beggiug at evory com mercial oontro of Europe at rates whioh vary botwoon 2 and 3 par cent. Shot. — On Monday last we were informed that a woman had been shot by a Chinaman at Copporfiold. Upon making further in quiries, we found, that on tho morning of tho above dato, a Oliincso gardener living on Sandy Uroek, having roooutly purchased a revolver, was showing tho samo to a Mrs. Thomus, and whilo examining tho weapon, he aooidontly pullod tho triggor, und the contenta of ono of the chambers lodged in tho left shoulder of the woman, who was standing nonr, with an infant ahild in her arms. Tho ballot,. in the most miraoulous manner, grazed the ohild's head, and entered tho left shoulder of the unfortunate woman. Tho Gliinaman is said to havo jumpod about in the most frautio manner, he having na knowledge that tho chamber of tho revolver was loaded. Informs tion was at once conveyed to tho police, who arrestod tho Chinaman, and convoyed tho un- fortnnato woman to Clermont, whoro alio wub attended by Dr. Oandiottis, and, under the doctors treatment, is progressing as favourably sb can bo expected. Tbo Chinamen was then brought before tho Court at Copporfiold, ou tho followiDR dnv. Olid thn Rnnnk. after hnfirine the ovidenoo,o acquitted the prisoner. — Rea It Downs Advertiser, Our Locomotive Shops.— Wo have on .many oooasions during tho past fow years 'advocated (Buys the Queensland Times) the making in the colony ot all tho rolling-stock required for our railways. The substantial advantages gained by so doing are so obvious tbnt it is astonishing that thoy havo not been moro ctoarly apprehended nnd noted npon by tho sovernl Ministries who have boon in powor sinoo our railway workshops havo shown that they oould do tho work. From Inquirlos mafcs by us somo oighteon months ego, wo oertainod that tho cost of locomotives made H&'wfj Queensland was only lOperoont. in exaeBS ol Sg , those importod. Wo now, however, learn / from tho "Report npon the gonornl working of the Railway Department during tho your ending 31st Deoembor, 1878," whioh was laid before Parliament u tow days ago, tnat tne difforonoe in cost botwoon locally- made and imported looomotivoH is so littlo that it Is practioolly not worth taking into acconnt. The Commissioner for Railway, in tho report refered to, says. The Locomotive Superintendent, it will bo observed, reports that the two engines mannfaotnred in tho Looomolive shopshaveoost £2268 oaoh ; and oomparing those engines with an engine reoeivod from Dubbs and Co., he finds they oost £400 moro, 1 do not consider this a oorroot comparison, as the ongino made by Dubbs uud Co. has boon supplied at a low figure ; but, taking the averogo eost of the last twelvo onginos supplied from England of this elasB (E), I find it stands at £2260 for csoh enirine. or £8 less than the engines which have been made in our own shops. With this result before them, the Government oon judge of the oxpedienoy or otherwise of continuing the system of manufacturing engines in our shops. I have in my previous reports expressed opinions on tho subjcot, which I see no reason to ohango, and whioh ngaiu I rospootfully submit for tho consideration of the Govern ment, viz., that wo should find it to onr advantago to onter into the manufacture of engines to a certain oxtont, and that if the prinolples of constructing all the rest of the rolling-stock iu tho shops are correct, thoy should hold oqunlly good as regards engines. With our shops fully equipped for nil Bervioes, we oau push forward or slack off tho manu facture of any description of rolling-stock we require ; and foresight on tho part of those whoso duty it it should bo so exercised that tho supply of tho different descriptions of nl li'nrt.tfftnl)- uliAtllfl lin trnnf iitv MWtkahln iuuiii|j-Dvwun uuwuiu ww up iv VUU pAVUBUlU demand. Toad Poisoning. —Tho following singular account of tho notion of toad poisioning on tho human body, is reported in tho last number of tho London Ohomisl A ohild of six years old followed a large toad on a hot summer's day, throwing stones at it. Suadonly ho folt that the animal had spurlod somo moisture into his eye. There suddouly sot in a slight pain and spasmodic twitching of tho slightly injeotcd eye, but two hoars after coma, jumping sight, dcBiro to bite, a dread of food and drink, consti pation, abundant urino great agitation manisfestod thomsclvos, followed on tho sixth day by siokness, apathy, and a kind of stupor, hut with a regular pulso. Somo days later, having become eoroparativoly .quiet, the boy loft his bed ; his eyos aro injeatad, the Bkia dry, tho pulso frco from favor. Ho howls and uonavca uiinseu into u uiaaman, sinKB into imbecility and speechlessness, from which con dition he ncvor rallies. A Magistrate Summarily Discharged.— Home surprise was folt on Saturday at tho nn- nouncomont in Tho Telegraph that Mr. Saohs, formerly manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bnnk at Townsvillo, had been sum marily discharged from tho Commission of the I'oace. The rulo iB that when a magistrate commits an offence rendering him liabRf|£jfijs- missai, ho iB culled upon to resign, tho. alterna tive being the issue of a suporsodeat. Tho opportunity of resigning not having been aii'orded to Mr. Saohs, Bome intcrst was ox- oitod as to tho nature of his offending. It appears that on May 9, ho was summoned by Mr. Sharkey, a surveyor, aud formerly Land Commissioner nt Bowon and elsewhere, for assault and battory. A fow days previously, as Kir. Sharkey was coming out of tho Australian Joint Stook Bank nt Townsville, Mr. Saohs neeueleO bill), uuuuscd lllUl of hUVillg scandalised him about tho town, and of having associated his name with several ladies, eon- eluding by intimating his (Saohs') intention of horsewhipping tho plaintiff. This ho forth with proaoeded to do, but after be bad infiioted two blows on Mr. Sharkey's head, the latter wrested the whip from him and reversed the ordor of flagollation. . A plea of not guilty was put in, but tho defendant's solioitor stated that justification could have been established if it were not that in doing so the namos of innocent persons wonld be dragged before the pontic, me notion in tno oiroumstanees had to inflict a penalty. Honoo tho aotion of tho Government. It will bo observed that the usual high-handed Btylo of tho Governmont is exhibited here, Mr. Saohs has been offered no ohanoo of oxplainiug or of resigning. He has been kicked out without a hearing. We hopo political motives will not ho found to be at the bottom of tho aotion of the Government. —Telegraph, Rathf.ii Rouan on the Bookmakers.— Tho " Vagabond " appoara to havo " out up rough " in consequence of an attaek on his " Totnliser " by the writor of " Speoialitios " in tho ' Queens- lander', and writes the following letter to tbe ' Courier' ; — You have always so persistently " slated " any literary or sooial effort of mine that to receive unqalified approbation in your ooluuins would shook mo. In this whiter weather, I oould not stand it 1 The paragraph in question iB well writton— vory well written — and full of humour. Your young men know thoir business. Thoy rccoive suoh encourage ment, and are allowed Bnoh latitude of ex pression, that I often lament my colonial literary career was not commenced in Queens- laud, undor your sheltering auspices and fostering patronage. But there is always a sting in a " speciality." Like the venom of a wasp, it is oarried iu the tail. This is where tho fun oomos in— to people not aonoernod. I am not going to argao with you, or question your right to oritioiso myself nnd tho " to- taliser" as severely as you may think fit. But I nm suro you will allow mo to correot you on a matter of faot. Your yonng man may think that denunciation of tho " abuses of tho ring " iB " cant." He is weloome to tho opin ion. But whon ho writos that in this now dopurturo of mine, I have found " an easy way ot earning a living, no is guilty ol an im pertinence, absolutely without foundation. I should bo sorry that anyone should take a slmro in tho " totnliser" undor the sole idea that ho was" assisting a fellow-creature to earn s perfectly honest living." I leave it to you Sir, to judge as to whether u Pressman's caroor is honest, I havo followed that for years and have obtained a fair living thereat, although porolmnce tho peouniary results by myself liayo not bcon equal to thoso derived to others luckier than myself. But, Sir, I shall have great pleasure in showing you that 1 am nor. obtaining " a living " by tho " totnliser. " I havo introduced this into QuoenBland for a purposo — (lie dot ire to furnish nn adjunct to fair aud honest sport. Call it " cant" if you like, but tlio fact remains that for throo nnd a-hnlf years 1 Imvo beeu writing down tho bolting ring in these colonies. From no porsoual fooling (for 1 do not myself bet), bnt from deop conviotion, I denounce as a publio ovil aud nuisance the dinmoud-riuged and blatant-mouthed scoundrels who visit you from tho other ooloDios, and are rccoivod by Queens land sportsmon with open arms at raoo timo I believe that tho introduction of tho 'totaliser' will put an end to the career of many of these, and figures show that it will returu to tho pookets of the publio thousands of poundB yoarly, which now go to support in wanton riot and luxury " these kiogs of tho hagjt- >1 pothouBO." When I havo done myy jct'V Queensland I shall return to " oarn m/Tmvj,- at my owu profusion, nnd despite tbe sneera of frionds nnd fees shnll over retain a hearty self satisfaotiuu at haviug braved public opinion in what I beliero to bo a good work. True , to rnvaelf. 1 feel eUDsrior to nil tho mad wbloh may be thrown at me. — Yours, &Q.;, JULIAN 'Thomas. Mora Economy.— We '('Wo Toowoomba Chronicle') learn thct i' 'a tho intoulion of the PostmaBter-Gooeral to close ninotoen telegraph offioes oo tho 80th Jano next, unless the- inhabitants are prepared to sabaoribe among themselves the necessary amount to mako good ' the salary. The receipts at the offices to be abolished, when compared with the salaries paid to tho operators, show a Iobb in overy case Drayton, Allora, and Highflelds nro three ofiho offices proposed to be olosed. . , -iraoT PABTiouLAii. — A Gaectte extraordinary \ tho accoptunee by tho Govornor of the resignation of tho hon. J. M. Thomson as a member of tho Excontive Counoil. This announcement is datod May 28, twelve days- after this very soat at tho Oonnoil board was given to his would.be successor, tho hon. It. Pring, The exigencies of the M'llwraitb Ministry must be exceedingly desperate to require suoh precipitate notion. Common deeenoy would nave diotated time to be allowed the former minister to resign before appointing a enooessor." This reminds ub of tho dying sailor who having heard the reading of the, burial servioe over himself, objected to being thrown overboard, as he wasn't dead yet ; the kiniuiw Mnlwino flant Via ahmilf) nnfc hfl niPti oulnr to a few minutes.— Bundaberg Star, 