'$$imllmg. MORE GHOST STORIES UNVEILED. Ox the above.'. subject, a oorrespondent seeds n? ths following:— . ? — Chamber's Journal. A few years ?uo I removed into a new and larger honsa with a young family. Some: nights after my removal I was awakened in the middio ol the night by a dlstlnot knoek- * Ar.-rrui. Youth.—One of £ our female teachers threatened lo koep nu unruly boy flftocn miuutes after school. " I wish you'd muka it half an hour," said the appreciative youth, " for you're tho prettiest teaclior in this town." Puxtixo A- Ji—ns Toner ox rr.—A widow, whoso husbuud's artistic poroeptious ? had caused lus houso to be elegantly furnished, married his brother. When her visitors, after tho second marriage," complimented her upon the beauty of herhouso-f uruislihig, sho answered, " Ob, yos, my door brother-in-law had such oxquUito tastes 1" ' mo twice or thrice repeated at my bedroqm door. leadledont: " Wbo> there r " There was no reply j but after an interval of a few minutes the knocking was ropeated as dis tinctly as boforo. Again the samo; question; "" Who's there ? ". and again no reply : bnt again came the knocking, if poaaible moro distinot and loader than befoio. and jost aa if a parson, outside in the lobby bad strnek ?barply with hia knuoklea on the ' door. I sprang rapidly from bed on its being repoatod, and rushed to the bedroom door aud opened it, determined to oaten the kuqoker. But. therrt was no one outside ; and no one could have escaped down the staircase, whioh was what ia called a wollscairoase, brilliantly lighted with a flood of moonlight, whioh atreamod through tho skylight window. I am not and nover was apirft-atrickbn or superstitions ; bnt I will confess my sensa tions now beoame trying; my heart bogau to throb, and 1 returned to bed with eais painfully awake. Again oamo the knocking, clear and distinct and methodical -as before. Although feeling very uneasy, I orept silently out of bed and stretched myself on the Hour with my head ou ths boards anil a few feet Irom the bedroom door, to find put if pos sible from wbat part of the door the knock ing proceeded. Again it oamo aa before, and I could distinctly rofer it to tbe lowest pari or panel of the door. I suddenly opened the door; bnt with tho same reault.as before; and again I I?y in my forinor position. Again oamo the knocking, three or four diatinottapi; and now fixing my eyes steadily on" tho spot from which the tapping prooeedsd, I aaw the knuckle bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of a very atrial! walnut, jeiked ropeatedly against the skirting that lay alongside tho door. Tho skirling was thinner than tbo sounding-board of a piano; and it waa tbe sudden tapping of the little bone against the sounding-board that produced tbo repeated knocking. But how was the tapping produced P By a mouse that had found its way along the hollow spaoe beliind tbe wainscot. It bad bared a hole iv the very lowest part of the wainioot, very nearly on a level with the floor, had found its little bone left after the children's dinner, and had dragged it to tho entranoe ot its hole, but oonld not get it through. It had dragged throngh tho tough bit of sinew whioh is attached to tbe end of tbe bone—popularly known in mntton as the Gentleman's Bono— and was trying by jorklog it baoliwards to bring tbe bone itself throngh ; and eaob jerk gave a blow against tho thin sounding board, and each blow gave out tho sound or mysterious kuook. Had I not discovered this, no reasoning oonld have convinced mc '.hlrrnitVWrTOKd. knookfi at my bedroom door; and I sho^iTlH , Wli-?r''l'**-?lty haye. attributed them to what is natnral agency. My next experience was .if possiblo more puzzling. In tbe neighbourhood of Dublin, on tho rooky sea-coast of Dalkey, there are soveraloastle? anppoeed to have been created by the Danes for the protection of their traders, Thoy are atill in fair and have dwelling-houses of modern con struction built againat them. Ono of those old oastles stands on ths very verge of the sea, over whnt was onoe a rooky inlet, but is now a harbour called Bullock Harbour, along the opposite sido of which is a row of fiahermen'B oottages, principally iuhabitod by men who earn.their livelihood as pilots. The dwelling-house attaohod to this old oastle I with my family ooonpied in the summer, for healtu'a sake and to onjoy boat ing, of which I was fond. I obeorvod somo time after taking up my residenoe in it, that no matter at what time I retired to bed—and I generally sat np one or two hours after the othor members of my family had retired— tho sorvants from tbo kitoheu story selected the same moment for their doparturo. Tbia uncoasing regularity beoame at last annoying, and I inaisled on knowing the cause. The information given to mo was that tho old castle and lipase were haunted, and that for no inducement would tho ser vant's remain after I had ascended from the purlonr. I had now reason for thinking there was soma ground for the fears. The pantry particularly, and the rest of the home with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. Thoso wore plainly beard ; and there was added an additional aggravation ; for, not content with this, tho " supernatural" visitor began to do mischief, and generally in the gray of the morning made free with eatables and pots of jam on the shelves, occasionally breaking a glass or plate I To add to tho mystery, though the pantry waa carefully looked ovory night tho depredations still continued, and at length the terror of oaah night's visitation beoanio greater and greater, and thu various stories bogan to be. circulated, one being that the visitant was the spirit of a nun condemned to .suffer tho pangs of hanger for some tranagreaslon. This was supported by the oironmstanoo of tho old oastle and grounds having been some years boforo occupied ns a oonvent. The only opening into the pantry was through a ventilator iv the root, vory high up, and ad joining one of the lofty walls of the old oastle. Through this no human being could obtain an entrance ; bnt it was entered by a monkey, who oamo to It in this'way. One of the pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to n ship, to relieve tho one on duty, whou the monkey, siok I suppose of tho bob, and determined not to lose tho opportunity, jumped into tho boat, nnd on noaring tho Bhoro, jumped ont again, and sought tho nearest shcltor, whioh happened to bo the old oastle. The ship was from the Went Indies, laden with eugar. Tbe monkey, though miased from the homeward bound, was unnoticed by tho pilot crow, and finding his way from tho oastle to the ven tilator of Iho adjoining dwelling- bonse pantry, sought to allay his hunger thoro when all was quiet at night. By day the creature lay hidden in tbe old castle; and it was only after a lapse of many days and nights that poor Jaoko was discovered peeping ont from liis lodging in tlin old Norman koep I It uot nnfreqnently happens that houses aro haunted, and kept haunted, by certain persons who havo a direct interest in keeping np the silly trick. In tho same neighbour hood—the hoighbourhood of tho old ca?tle— was a homo ropnted to he haunted, and whioh has maintained its reputation for more than two summers. Footsteps are heard at night, doors nre slammed, and on ono occa sion, jnga of water havo been poured upon ? fouie mombors of tho family, to thoir grojt diioomfort.. The ghost has been olever, and has not yet been canghtj but the solution is not far to find, as the oare- takor has a com fortable residence gratis, which is loat when the bouse is let and ooonpied for the season. 