NEWS OF THE DAY. A suggestion has been made that the banks shall join in getting up a testimonial to Mr Munro, the bank manager at Moe, in recog nition of his conduct in defending the bank when attacked. No doubt it will be carried into effect, not only as an acknowledgment of Mr Munro's bravery, but as an inducement for others similarly situated to go and do like wise, The only cricket match of any great impor tance to be played to-morrow is that between eleven of the thirteen selected to go to Sydney and sixteen selected from other Victorian cricketers. No doubt it will be a very interesting contest. This being the only first- class match of the day, we omit our usual cricket notices, but will resume the publication of them next week, when (he races will not interfere with the cricket arrangements, Ths following tenders for works in connection with the Government railways were accepted this morning, at the Board-room, Lands Olfice. For the construction of goods sheds at Gor dons, Thomas Walsh, L42G 8s 7-Vd ; for 4000 split pests and 6000 split rails, J amcs Sprowte, L19S 10s ; passenger station at Gordons, 011 the Warrenheip line, J, W. Cowly, L394 0s lid. Captain Payne, chief harbormaster, re ceived news early this morning that the ketch Sybil had been sunk near Point ltichard, in about ten fathoms of water. The craft wa4 inward bound, with a full oargo of atone. The captain and another man who was on board took to the small boat and reached Point ltichard late last night. The leniency of the City Bench in dealing with tho gambling cases brought before the magistratce on Wednesday last does not ap. pear to have had a beneficial effect upon others similarly disposed, as several persons were seen engaged in various games of chance on the course yesterday. One of them, named W. H. Freeman, waB charged by Detective O'Callaghan before the City Bench this morn ing with jilaying a gams known as " under and over," Tne officer stated that ho saw the game being played, but could not manage to secure the apparatus used, as some one of tho crowd assembled around the placers made away with it. ' The prisoner denied that be was the culprit, stating that he was a'carpenter living in Carlton, and went to the course merely for pleasure. The bench gave the prisoner the benefit of tho doubt, as it was thought that it was possible that he might be one of the onlookers. A Bickening tale of an accident whilst chaff- cutting is to hand from Trentham, near Kyneton. An elderly man named Frederick Turner was feeding at a chnffcutter when ho slipped and fell head foremost into the machine. Before any assistance could he rendered by the only other man present, his head wns drawn into the works and literally cut and crushed to pieces, death of course being instantaneous The shocking news created quite a sensation in the township. The following cases were ndmitted to the Alfred Hospital yesterday :— J. V. Pott.-, aged 6, residing at the Malvern road, Prahran, suffering from a fractured leg caused by being knocked down by a pig. Giiitavus Kirybyka, aged 22, suffering from an incised wound in the side, caused by falling on an axo, Much excitement prevailed in Swanston Btreet, near Lonsdale street this morning, in consequence of the alighting of a swarm of bees upon the verandah in front of the shop of Mr Kailton, the florist and seedsman. The apiary visitors, doubtless attracted by the eight of the flowers and others rurallties so rare in'the scene selected" for their fllgot, began t> found a colony at the top of one of the iron support of tho verandah, and proceeded after their usual fashion to svvarin around their queen. A large crowd collected immediately, and boys were puraude to climb up tho pos a with a box in order to induce the little strangers to make it their home. Tho sugges tions of the bystanders, who wero naturally, being citizens, unused to the manners and cus toms tho bee tribe v-ero very funny. One advo cated a boy" seizing tho biggest beo by the " scruff" of the neck and shaving her in the box, when the rest of the awarm would incontinently follow. Anotlior derided this proceeding as utter foolish ness, and was 111 favor of getting n handful of Biigar to tempt tho new-comers; while a third avas sure that a lump of raw beef would lure them to their ruin. Nono of these expedients succeeded, and.the boys, warned by tlio bees— who pnfc tli ci r object iona at their businoss's ends— that their presence was unwelcomo, de camped with much celerity, and putsomo good business sites between them and the scanc of their exploits without delay. Finding all efforts at capture ineffectual, tlio swarm was allowed to pursuo its own devices ; and by the last reports wo learu that the cluster still ornaments tho capitol of one of the iron sun- port?, firmly convinced theywiirstriko paying saccharins matter if they persevere, and have the run of Mr ltailton's shop. ThcMinistry are (says Tho Argus) realising just now tlio possibility of their worst foes be ing thoso of their own household- Thoy and their Melbourne organ are engaged in a delicate and important controversy, which lias caused no little excitement in political circles. We have excellent authority for stating that a categorical demand has been made by the journal in question that ths Ministry shall bo re-constructed. No names have been directly mentioned, but it is indicated that Messrs. Lalor, Longmore and Woods ought to bo dismissed, and that Messrs. Ca-ey, Munro and Dow should bo installed in their stead. Tlio negotiation on tho subject has taken place in writing, n-ul Mr. Berry's final reply has just been sent in. Tho Chief Socre- t-ry has bad his own differences with Mr. Woods, but lie declines to submit to dictation, and to sacrifico any of his colleagues. The correspondence lias oozed out, and was tho subjecfKif much comment in the House yes terday. _ Thn Ministerial members side with the Chief .Secretary, as they state that it would bo a reflection upon themselves to re ward the cornor, or" third pirty, " fir its qunsi-defection. It is considered, also, the height of ingratitude that tlio journal t ill question should press the Government in the manner described. Tho Colonics and India says : — A new Aus tralian delicacy is finding its way in to the London markets » in tho shaps of dried kangaroo tongues. Tho tails and skins of these animals have long been utilised — the former for making soup, tha latter for leather; and the recent enormous destruc tion of kangaroos lias given considerable im petus to these two trades. Struck by the waste of food occasioned by the slaughter of so many thousands of these marsupials, whose bodies are frequently left to rot whero they have fullcn, . a Warroo settler made an experiment in curing tho tongues of the slain, and so highly were thoy approved thnt a considerable trade has sprung up in this commodity. Tile tongues are usually cured by drying in smoke, like the Russian reindeer tongues ; but a much better .plan is to preserve them in tins like the sheep and ox- tongues received from America. Tongues lend themselves to this treatment better than almost auy other portion of an animal, as thoy stand the excessive boiling bettor than beef or mutton. _ An English paper says .-—Another prosecu tion recorded under tho Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act. The case was one of a glnn- dered mare, and tlio owner has been he ivily fined for not notifying the facts to tiie proper authorities. As the least contact with a glan- dercd liorse is certain death, it seems to us thnt a fine is not sufficient penalty, unloss the owner can establish liis absolute ignorance of the existence of the disease. The Irish land agitation is (says Brief) reaching a formidable head. Tile Tipperary meeting mustered nearly twenty thousand strong, and its resolutions in favor of the abatement of rents and the establishment of a peasant proprietary were passed with an evident determination to press the matter home. Mr Parnell has publicly declared that the land cannot bp cultivated unless the poq'ple own it, and ha actually advises tenants who cannot obtain a reasonable roduction to pay their landlords i\o rent at all. Surely Mr Purnell must have wholly forgotten his duty as a citizen to offer such advice. A duel with swords between journalists was fought recently at Deigliem, in Belgium. The combatants were M, Liehert, of tho XlXiemc Steele, and M. Lopolletier, editor of the Marseillaise. M. Liebert, after a combat of an hour and a half, was grazed on tlio forearm, and M. Lepelletier on the hand, and the seconds declared honor satisfied. Another duel has been fought between M. Victor do Oarniers and M. Charle3 Simon, a son of M, Jules Simon, tiie former charging the lattor with having published in the Petit JXord an article insulting M, de Carniers, President of tho Court of Cessation, father of tlio first- named gentleman. Two nistql shots were exchanged, but without effect." One of the seconds of M. de Carniers was M. Paul de Casaagnac. Mr W. H. Woodhouse has finished for Mr Dillon a portrait in oils of Peri, a favorite thoroughbred. The picture is beautifully executed, and shews that the young artist inherits some of the talent for which his father has already acquired a reputation. The picture is on view at Hickey'a picture rooms, Queen street. A ease of considerable importance has (says Brief) just been tried in tho Poulton County Court. The plaintiff, a lodging-house keeper at Blackpool, aought to reoovor L50 from a person living in Manchester, as compensation for losses sustained through the introduction of an infections disease into his house. The judge was satisfied that the defendant was liable— in other words that he had "imported" fever into the house, tu the serious loss of the plaintiff— and gave judgment for L43. The Edinburgh Trades' Union Congress has (says nn English paper) marked the close of a very buBy session by_ passing a batch of formid able resolutions. Prison labor is aonrlcmned, a reduction of tho countv franchise demanded. together with manhood suffrage, direct repre sentation of labor in Parliament, and a few other trifles of this type. Do not the mem bers of the union perceive that they, as a coherent body, exercise more real influence for practical good than could be attained were one or tsvo of their members to be pensioned into St. Stephen's? Tile onlysensible request that tho congress has made is that the hours of polling be extended for the benefit of working- men. The "Prophet's Beard Ca3e," which, it is said, created n EenBation among tha followers of the Prophet at Madras, avas recently called on for final disposal before Mr. Justice Innes, Acting Chief Justice. The subject of dispute was a hair of the Prophet's beard, which is enclosed in a enso and is called the " Aussaree Shoreef," or sacred relic, and in connection with_ which the Government allow a monthly pension of Its. 47.14.4, obtained from funds left by a late Nabob for the purpose of carrying out ceremonies in connection with the sacred relic. There were, when the caso was first instituted, no less than six claimants, two by right of n will, tho othors claiming it in suc cession from generations. Two of the clairn- nntsand the plaintiff withdrew from the suit, leaving only four to establish their rights to the sacred heirloom. His lordship,, in a lengthy judgment, deoided that the first, third, and fourth defendants were entitled to the sacred relic ; but as tho first defendant was a woman she could not hold office in con nection with it, and as No 3 was the elder brother of No 4, he directed that he should hold the_"Aussaree Shareef," and perform all ceremonies in connection with it, making three equal shares of whatever remainod from the allowance after their performance. Tho following exciting scene took piaoe at Margate recently. A young woman in the servico of a vieitor was in charge of her mistress's child, who was strapped in a peram bulator, which waB suddenly swept into deep water by a tidal wi\vo. The girl, Becing the peril in which the infant was placed, bra rely plunged in, a distance of nearly 20ft., seized hold of the perambulator, and at the same time loudly called for help. Assistance, liow- ever, for a abort time could not be rendered, owing to the difficulty of tho situation. The girl, notwithstanding that she was rolled over and over in the surge, still maintained hor hold of the perambulator, and just ja3 aha was becoming exhausted a rope was thrown to her, which she fortunately managed to talco hold of, and by this means she and hor charge were rescued, but in an almost fainting con dition. The child and the girl 'wore then taken to tho Shnkespere Hotel, whore they recovered. The reports from the up-country districts with regard to the prospects of the coming harvest are of the- most cheering charaoter. Mr Woods during tlio last few days has re- oeived intimation to the olfect that tho'tr-flic on tlio linos from prodnco alono will excied by 30,000 tons that of lust year. In _ order to meet this excess of business, tho rolling-stock has been put into n thorough state of efficiency. It is not expected that the demands made will exceed tho requirements of the public. The Atom's London correspondent f en is tho ollowihg per cable It will probably ho arranged thnt the letters nnd papers sont by the Australian mail via Brindisi will bo enrned at tho Southampton rates (Gd for letters and Id for newspapers). The llcndigo Independent stotes that a visitor who has just returned from Melbourne, after "doing tho Cup," nnrrates an amusing little scene witnessed by liiin 011 the flat. Amongst n group of persons standing around a momber of the three card fraternity, wero several seamen ot the man- of-war Wolverene, now lying in the Bay. One of their number was tempted to bet on " the card " with tha usual result that before ma-iy minutes hud elapsed lie was relieved of all his cash. Ho then walked leisurely away, but had not proceeded many yards before a bystander who did not beliove in allowing the swindle to go through so easily, called out to him. "I say Jack, \V\ and get your money back, it's a swindle," The words had a magic effeot on "Jack," for he faced around instantly, and de manded the return of his cash. Tlio request was of course met with a smart refusal, where upon our hero grappled with liis man, nnd a tussle ensued. A number of tho sharper's ' 'buttons" sought to interfere, but were checks l by some of the Bailor's mates, who _ forcibly dragged the sharper away to a convenient spot, where thoy hold a parley, during which- the three-card man made a boit, but was .quickly aiq lit and made to disgorge his dishonest gains. The London Echo writes:— Wo choso to fcivet, in our eagerness to destroy the power of Cctewnyo, that if. he had been as dangerous ns Sir Bartlo Frera sought to represent him, he could, after Isandula, have swooped down upon Natal with his "man-slaying machine," and lelt no ono to tell tho tale. He displayed a forbearance which it is now allowed did him credit. Tlio savage king was able to draw the distinction between defence and de fiance. All that he cared to do was to defend his country, a weakness which Englishmen have also displayed when they have been threatened by Armadas from Spain and armies manoeuvring on tho sands of Boulogne. With a keen perception of the situation created by Isandula, where at least he was tho gainer, he nevertheless put himsoif in the position of a suppliant rather than of a savage conqueror, and sought for peace. We Bpurned liis offers, and treated his messages with contempt. Miss Ella Carrington and Mr Taylor left Melbourne thin morning for Ballarat, whero thoy propose giving the entertainment written for them by Mr Garnet Walch. Tliey play afterwards in Sandhurst. Echuca and Ua3tlc mainc. Mr J. L. Hall has concluded negotiations with Mr Bnssett, proprietor of the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, nnd leaves for that place tn-morrow. Ha will play clown during the Christmas pantomime, and will ho accom panied by his wife and Miss Alice Wiseman. iMr irillca jjcuuiiiufi u n.ia juiivuu iu bourne, and will appear shortly at tke Opera House. The U. S. Minstrels continue to delight their audiences ut the Apollo Hall. The singing of Messrs Braham, Burgin and Hawkins is most excellent, while two old friends, Buckley and Holly, arc answerable for excellent dancing and comicalties of a high order of excellence. The old favorite force of the Ghost in a Pawn-shop has been revived, and is nightly received with loud applause. To night tho engagement of Mrs F. M. Bates at the People's Theatre terminates, and that accomplished and elegant actress takes a well-deserved benefit. The piece selected for the occasion is Ingomar, the bcneficiarc taking the part of Parthenia, while the role of the barbarian eliief will he assumed by Mr Theo. Hamilton. To-morrow night the theatre will open under the management of Mr Reynolds, who has exgaged an excellent com- , pany, leading with the old Melbourne favorite, Miss Adelaide Bowring. Queen Mary, as rendered by Miss Dargon, will be produced for the last time to-night. The acting of this talented lady has now fairly grounded itself in public favor, and iu tho grand drama of the Poet Lauroate her fame is thoroughly established. Die admirable sup port accorded by Miss Gordon, as Elizabeth, Mr Fleniming, a3 Courtenay, and other mem bers of the company renders the representa tion very complete, and there will doubtless be a very large audience. To night, to tho infinite regret of all lovem of good comedy well played by very competent artiBts, the reign of tho London Comedy Com pany at the Opera House comos temporarily to an end. The attendance to-night will doubt- Its? be very large, as there are but few who will not wish to show their appreciation of tha admirable performances with which all Mel bourne has been delighted. The piece to-night is tho favorite, Friends, 'and each and all may expect an ovation. The reign of fun at St, Georga's Hall is coming to an end, and the last night but two is announced of the Mammoth Minstrels. The programme is an unusually excellent one, and the ability of tho performers makes it certain that an evening Bpent with the Mammoths will never be regretted. At the Theatre Royal the double attraction of Milky White and the charming burlesque of The Feri that Loved-n Prince have filled Clio house during tho past week. To-night tho bill will be repeated for the last time, and will doubtless be as well received ae heretofore. Mr Coppin's Milky White is ono of tile traditions of the Boynl, and the charming quartette of burlesque performers, perhaps as good as the theatre has seen for years, make the sparkling little burlesque pleasing indeed. To-morrow night the Sydney favorite, Mr Bland Holt, will appear. Mr Holt is well known in Mel bourne, and will doubtless meot with a good reception. 