Emrnel ilne Darlington1 ?"' " ?? ohi?" : LIBERTINE'S STRATAGEM. "33 TIE AUTmOR Or ' TIIU PoLIss J?W, £1Ti" Msna's SON AND T?NE iM_. oVNE's DAUGHTEI.' &c.;, &O.; COaP I X.X. (Contiiured.) "A! '" 1alf-~1hrickek d Emmeline, 'tmy husband has returned !" " Gome nov ," sLhe smiled, ': that word brings us togethrr again- for that cry came Irom your heart 1" And so indeed it did; but caused by in emotion very different to that which the elder lady believed-it was tihe cry, not ofjoy, but of terror. "Yes," coutinued Mrs. Darling ton, senior, in quite a transport of delight, " lichald has come back, -my dear soni has at last returned." She dived her hand into her capac ious:pookct and drew forth a letter. "Look !" she said,' " here is what hle has written to me. ie was afraid of seirprising you too suddenly, and t:hat you might not be too much overcome, requested that I should prepare you for h;s arrival" Emmeline tottered, and sank down upon a couch. .' .y gra.ious !" cried the old lady, lnokii,, t her daughter-in-law, -"what's all this? You must not go onlin this way. Dear me! dear me! .-nice-: I have prepared you, it seems She Jily udeavoured to sustain and & encourage Emmeline,. who faltered- . S-"Thank you, it is nothing nothing." " OL! I know. 'Tis joy,- happi* aess-I know all about that. But obme now, come," seid Mrs. Darling ton; senior, in soothing and encourag' ?ng tones, "you must rouse your self, and bring back a little colour to your cqeeks, for you are as white as a ghost, and poor Richard would not lile to see onu so, and is expecting to see none it eini ng faces here." a Yes, of course, you are right," faltered Emmeline; "smiling faces none but smiling faces." "Here he is," cried the fond another, ss a vehicle was heard to dash up :, tcia house. And asmost before it had seemed possible that Richard Darlington could have alighted from his carriage, he came flying into the presence of his wife anui his mother. UaePTEa XXI. HOMEE AGAIN. MiS." DARLINGTON, senior, flew to iieet her son as he appeared in the doorway, threw her arms about his neck, and bestowred on him a tender embrace, as she exclaimed "Oh, Richard, dear Richard, how happy am I to see you once again 1" Richard kissed his mother with great affection, but hastily as possible, bresking from her to fly to his wife. 'Dear Emmelinel' ' he cried, about to take her in his arms. :But he stopped, looking scared as he beheld [,er features, and.said "OhL, my God, hdo pale she is!"' "Oh'," lightly said Richard's mother, ':t is uotlhing.-nothing atJ all. She did not give me time to prepare ., -: guessed the truth in a mnoment--out have patience, she will: be hersel; ugain presently." "You are quite sure of that?" anxiously demanded Richard. '"Quite," replied his mother. "It is no i;lness ? --no-" "C rtainl.y not; what an idea l'" Ri "rd D:rlington, after a mo mnent', pause, during which he gazed with "auxious fodnuess on his wife, "_But how is this, Emmeline--have you not a smgle word for me ? Are you not coming to kiss me ?" SEmmoline was trembling like a Aeaf, but still she spoke not, nor attempted to move towards her hus band. "Ah, I see how it is," said Dar 3ington; "you are angry with me; yes, that is it." " Why slcu'ld she be angry with you ?" askle'~ his mother. "Why ?"' smiled Richard; "oh, I know! Becanue she has not received a single letter from me during the last two months. But I: will tell you bow that was, Emmeline. I could not write to y':,, for 1 was ill, was thought to be dying." " Dying :" repeated his mother. Euimclin said nothing, but she shudaered .,lcntly. Darlingtoc sat down beside her, amd kiasad he., and then proceeded "Yes, I uars dying of an amiable epidemio which they maintain in that country out rf pure generosity." "Why, Richard, what can you mean ?" said hik mother. " i me .n," ha laughed, " that they mnake no use of it for themselves, but reser., it for strangers. Such is ~Brazilian hospitality." . Oh, Kiclhord, can you jest on such a U,jecCt?" "Yes, &other;, I can now, though I have fri,;,d it to be anything but a joke. But, as I was telling you, I felt that I vwas dying ; and to die far Ifrom .,rose whom we love, far from our native land, alone, isolated. .vithonti. a heart to feel for you, witho t a hand to' prss your own .ahl tint is hard, believe me, very ihard I" -, Poor hey !" said his mother. 'Tu be Contbuced.) 