CHAPTER II. Dismay fell on the quiot little bank in Toll kirk. The former uneasiness became in the office & panic. Hamilton had been made ill by the anxiety of his position, and was irt bed on : the day that Mr. Traill's deficiency occurred. After cloaely scrutinising ovory entry in the books, Traill came , to the conclusion that he had not paid the' money in excess to any one, and that the notes mast have been stolen by some one on the premises. The bank's safe was duly examined; but the locks bore no marks of being tamporcd with. The windows and doors of the office were unaffected, and. Mr. Duff's domestics-who swept out the office-had been his servants and were known to him for yoars. The matter was on this occa sion reported to the bank's head office; but thonco came the bold intimation that no fur ther deficiency could bo made good, and in ferring the bank agents to their recent letter to that effect of Buoh and such a date. Mr. Duff began to think the placo was haunted. Whenovor the money was gono it had to be paid up, raising the total losses made in this mysterious way to tho unpalatablo sum of £1,400 in: loss than throo months. The mystery was all the deeper that daring tho day of the difference in Tr&iU;'s cash, it happened there had- not been a single cash payment amounting to £500. Than thero oamo vaguo ramoura-such as the police, had the mattor passed into their hands, would certainly have made use of-that thero was an itinerant lock smith, a gipsy, in the neighbourhood, to whom popular rumour attributed almost miraculous power in tho manipulation of locks. Xetit would take a vory clever locksmith indeed to open the Central Bank's safe unheard in the houso, and to close it again without loaving traces of his work. Tho^afe had a foundation ! of eight feet of stono, mid was coated on tho : floor, wall, and roof with a two-inch plate of ' solid iron. The doors wcro, of course, of iron, and each- thero wcro four doors-had two koys and separate locks. Through the lock of the outer iron door an iron bolt was each oven- ! ing shot down from Mr. Duff's bbdroom abovo, | and while that bolt was down no key in tho world could open the door. It was necessary to be in Mr. Duff's bedroom before the bolt could be drawn or dropped. It was extremely improbablo that thero wore any in Tollkirk who could, even with tho noccasary keys in their hands, find their way into the strong room unaided. No longer was Mr. Duff ablo to leave the bank with an oasy mind for two o'clock luncheon -with forty winks to follow-n» hud been his custom thoRo twonty yoars. llo was closely on tho watch. Yet thero was 110 visiblo cau»9 far suspicion. Bankers and clorks werp fast becoming, demoralized-in tho military sense from sheer iright, accelerated by mystery, and a sense of utter helplessness »u face of it. Mr. Duff might far better he losing his' fortune on the Stock Exchange, or throwing hia money ' away on tho turf speculations; ,in..thqsa there would bo some, rcmoto chance of profttt .if n°t satisfaction in losing his property. His barque had up to this time sailed .in smooth sea**, had even hitherto floated in a sheltered -hay, unex posed to financial tempests or breakers; but now aleak of a dangerous sort had .sprang* M likely,, ho imagined, to -engulf him.atTns an chorage as any buffeting of waves iii open sea. Mr. Dnff. became a changed man. . He was tliin*and worn arid ill with anxiety.arid watch ing. They wore .all watching; Traill waa watching Hamilton; Hamilton :.tufned a keen glance on tho boys;- tho. boys kept their eye® very widely open alt round. Mr.-Duff waa un willing to.put tho matter in .tho h'apdi of tho local police, knowing that, tho first to be sui* pccted.would be hia clerks, and that tho, affair would speedily become town gossip'. . .Secretly Mr. Duff began to think tho place' ,was bo .witched. . .',/ . . His partner, George Traill, being call^ upon to pay up half of,tho £500,' resolved Jto',.get to the bottom of the matter. . He'had abed, fitted up in tho .banker's business-room^ andr: "deter mined' to sporid his nights there until some soltt tion.of thoproblem presented itself. Ilistrana ier from tho Aberdoen branch'seemed just then to prove a bad bargan. - The keys oi the safe, it should .bo mentioned, numbering.jeight, were placed every night after tho locking, up of tho safe and.tho.dropping of tho iron. bolt from tho banker!)?,bedroom, in a stiong-box, th.e key of which was always carried by Mr. Duff: George Traill, armed witha revolver, in splto ofJlaripa protests and Mr. Duff's jeers, occupied^ho room when .tho bed had been fitted thero, and waited philosophically tho course of events.'. He slept Uttld.for the first night or two, but no intruder 'cariie to disturb his_r6ppse.' The (long, dull hours crept on without adyentui» or other re ; suit thaif to make Traill sleepy and cross during tho following aays.'The bankers were'begin ning to despair of .'discovering'.the tftiefl Yet Traill-despiU Mr.JD^Ts' rierf cctly; Wsc&abld; argument that if jwy.man hrokainto .tbi safe it would riot be merely £560 that, would:satisfy him, nor would ho likely risk .a aecpnd or third visit- continued to spend his night iri^hebank. ..;At daybreak,however, on a certain.morning in the following week,-Traill, who slept very lightly, was suddenly awakened and startled by hearing ^tho bolt passed throogh^thp lock of the outar door;of the safe drawn sharply np. He could hardly believe;the-c^ide^oe^f his ears, thinking that perhaps .he dreamed. But the V click" was still reverberating,, exagge rated aa all soands are in the stillness,of:night. If the bolt waa really lifted, itho'person that drew it must be in tho roomjwhare.AIij. Dnff ^Upt.. .P^raUl waa^a jM^geonfl^a^U-but in 'Spite of himself, he trembled aa ha felt for and examined hia revolver^-When tho reverbera-" tion subsided; there was\& silence for a few momenta aa of Death, Bleep's twin, brother. Then he thought he heard, afar off, a door open, fallowed by a stepon the atiura.: Then a light showed at' the seam under the door; .^presently the door opened and a.man entered^carrying in one, hand a lighted candle, in? , the other a bunch of keys. The revolver was cfinnly held in-Traill's grip, and before firing -he waa about to utter a cry of warning, when he noted that tho figure paid no heed to his >pre»eace, but passed him, making straight for tho safe door. 1st the dim light, to his astonishment,- hie dis tinguished the fixed, even rigid features of his friend and partner, Mr. Duff!. His eyea were wide open, and ho moved withhisusualdelibera tion, but with an air of stern preoccupation quito foreign to his working habits! Traill saw at a glance that the banker waa walking- in hia sleep.- . . -?- . ^ His first impulso "was to seize him and wake him; but a moment's reflection decided him. .to -wiit the natural issue of events. . Mr. Duff without hesitation or fumbling, chose the right keys for tho outer door, and pushed it, as the lock sprang back, slowly open; then the wicket gate, the inner iron door, and so on, until he disappeared silently in tho vault-like shades of the strong-room. When he roaohed the' inner safe, he" took from tho well-packed store of pound notes-Trail eagerly watching hizft from tho door-a bundlo containing five .hundred; ho then noiselessly shut and1 locked each door as ho rotreated. Ho passed within arm's length of Traill, boaring tho bundle of notes tho keys, .and hia lighted candle;'left tho oflico-followed by his partner-walked.alowly up stairs to his bedroom, whero he deliberately dropped tho .bolt back in its place,.and finally laid tho Keys carefully, apparently ' counting them, in their usual place ii the box fixed in tho wall for the purpose. Traill expected he would then retiro to bed; hut it was evident that the somnambulist had not finished hia night's work. Having safoly put away tho keys, he lifted his candlo and ae:ain. went down stairs,- carrying tho notes in his hand. Traill followed him through the kitchen and out into the courtyard behind. With the same pur pose like deliberation that ho had shown at tho Bafo, he now marched to-the unvarnished truth, O romantic reader, mu6t bo recorded to tho pigsty! Arrived there, ho lifted a loose fold of thatch that rested on a slab of stone in tho rickety roof, secreted tho bundle of notes there, replaced tho thatch carefully, and then turned with an air of relief and went in doors. Traill did not disturb him, did not oven take tho trouble to follow his partner to seo if he roaohed his bed safely, but sprang eagerly to tho loose thatch, in which, snugly lying, ho found the comfortable sum of £1,900 in bank notes! could not help laughing as he stood there in the dim gray morning, hardly half Glad, for tho pursuit had not been without excitement. 44 An oxponsivo roofing for Duff's pigs," ho murmured, gathering tho yarious dusty bundles together and rotreating indoors from tho cold morning air. " I thiuk, Dnlr," said Traill seriously when thoy met' in tho ofiieo after breakfast-" I think to mako certain that no thiof, or witch or ghost has been tapering with tho cash during the sight, we had better eount the cash, hence forth in the morning- as well as at night; that will mako certain whether the money dis appears by night or during the day." Mr. Dim assented. "Suppose we begin this morningF" Again Mr. Doff assented; and with reluctant fingers, at his partner's suggestion, oounted the "money. "PoweisofD.irkiiess!" hoexclaimed, 111 shall not stay another day in this house. ' The cash is again fire hundred ponnas short." Had Mr. Duff not been a remarkably bald man, he Wottld hare probably torn his hair in . agony. " How muoh d6 you reokon your pigs cost yoa annually, Mr. Duff?" Traill asked with Apparent irrelevance and, as Mr. Duff thought, ttippiniyj' "V tigs! HaHg thl' piga 1 Hahg the bank! tod-r5es; I mean to resign my office. I'm "tittt! going. t<J remain hete to Be robbed and Hilned." ;, . ^ V*1 see $6? aits putting a new roof' on your and papering it," Traill went on sent'en tbrtdj. Sparing no expense on it. Doing the thing;.stylishly, eh ?" ' " Are yon mad, Traill ? " " , A'Well, ,let: me see. At the rats bf: two thousand pounds, say, in three months,'that pfgjty will cost you and me just about eiglit \- thousand pounds a year." Traill was appar ently to;', his grayest mood. " Thsit's pretty moderate, eh ?" "Poor Traill! The logs of his money has taken his brain. What demon has entered ' this'homo f.' "sighed Mr. Doff in the presence of a despair more tragic even than his own.' ' "Look here, old fellow!" said Traill, sud denly bursting ihto laughter-V look here! I . ((Amd1. there' in Ibe.roof of yotir pigsty this morning-5.and What'is' more, Isauryou pat them" there *rith yourown hands." "Prodigious (" ' : ies, all the missing irioney'was thore. [The faUkst gaVe a .champagne dinner.'to his de lighted derks on the erening of that day. His own health, however, was in rather a bad way. j-In.a month or two he resigned his office,' reffij. Ins on a Uberal pension'td his''farm:j sndln order tq\compensate James EalilUton for all ^Vrecegt-trouble afad mlsenyMr.' DnfE re quest^, ii~a~personal and final favour, that The 'directors might appoint him to the poBi "tipn'of^assistant-agent with George TisiU';. a. proposal which the directors favourably :enter>~ taited.; These offices both of the gentlemen befld'with honour to this day: It may- be men. tioaodj too, that George Traill and 'James Hamilton are now brothers-in-law, each having Ji'dee time wedded oiie of Mr. DnS's daugh ter».~,TKe bank ia: James Hamilton's own, . "while Gfeorge Traill has' rented a farm adjoins 'tag? Mr! Duff's. The £rtah country air, and 'touting", and:nnlmuted golfing^-all enforced; on ;liitiibythe doctor as the *besfc medicine-have 'Wit'Rii ehd to the old' banker's somnatntiulistio . fstobtae> -Chamber? Journal, 