Protestant Alliance Concert. As stated in our last the Iiiana ,Liodgoe t the Protestant Alliakicb Fridndll Society gave an. entertainment of a n'ssical and literary character in the Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening, and it was financially at least-a great' success, the hall being crowded in every part and a number of people were unable to gain admittance. The first object which attracted attention on gaining admittance to the hall was a beautiful transparency (the work of Mr. S. Flodin) representing tie emblem of the Order,.which was placed in a conspicuous position in front of thi stage and 'at some distance above it. In our report of the last celebration of. the lodge, we gave a description of this work of art; so it iis unnecessary to refer to it again further than to' say our lidniiratiosn of it has not abated one jot. On ithe" curtain' being raised, the banner iof the lodge appeared suspended at the back of the stage. We will not now go into a detailed description of the lianner, as it is only a few days since a notice of it appeared in our columns, and will content ourselves with remarking.that it was the admiration of all present. The Chairman, John Black, Esq., com menced the proceedings by expressing his pleasure at seeing so I?tgo iis assembly present, and reguesting 'tlthmp to sd?oduct tlhemselves in a gentlemanly and proper manner as Kimsa audionced, usually did. They were aware that the ladies and gentle men who would appear before them were all amateurs; they would, however, do their best, and he hoped their efforts would be appreciated. For their last anniversary celebration .the -lodge. had secured. the services of Sydney talent, but this was an expensive .undertaking, and they' thought they had 'enough local talent, to got up an eintertainment and thus raise some funds towards defraying the cost of. their banner. When the lodge started they had only 20 members, at their .first anniversary. the number had increased to 65, and at the present time they h1d 08 benefit membiers. In rounid numbers they had 68 full benefit members, 27 heon. members, and 7 had been proposed and waited initiation, making a total of 102 members; amount of funds invested at six per cent; £80; exponditure for last year, £8314s' 4d.; current account at bank, £17 12s 3d. The above is inde pendent of Funeral Fund, on account of which there is assured on behalf of members and . their wives, the 'sum of £2375. He was gratified to report that no deathse had' occurred since the society started, and that there had been com paratively no sickniess, only three weeks' sick allowance having been paid to one member. From this they would see that the lodge. had been very successful, and.the inembets were thankful for the position it held. He hoped all would go off well. The space at our:.disposal will not admit of a lenigthy report of the entertainment, even if such were desirable. The programme contained tlhirty-two pieces and comprised recitations by Mr, R, Wilson, Mr. Dalgleish, and Mr. G. Wood, jun., all of which were well rendered, the.first named gentleman being espueoially happy in his comic recitations. An instrumental duet by Miss Cadden and Mr. D, B; Finlayson, two pianoforte solos by Miss Miller, which were played in a graceful asid brilliant style. A reading, or rather recitation, from Shakespeare-" The Ghost scene "-fronm Hamlet, in which Messrs, R. and D. H,. Wilson, Dalgleish, and Finlayson took part, the first and second gentlemen taking respectively the character of Hamlet and the Ghost, their acting throughout being admirable and their rendering of the text perfect, And last, though perhaps not least, the vocal soleo tions by the following :--Mrs. Cawdell, MIrs. Heher, iiss Miller, and the Misses Wood ; and Mossrs, Cawdell, James Wood, H. H. Honey, D. B. Finlsyson, aigd A. E. Wilson. Several of the solos'and duets were very nicely sung, but as all were amateurs and doubtless did their best, it,wbuld be unfair to attempt criticisms 'The accom paniments, excepting to MIr. Cawdell's songs-ewhich were played by Mrs, Cawdell -were all played by Miss Cadden ini lhe usual able and satisfactory mander, and to. this lady's ability and care in imparting instruction is due,. we understand, the success which some of the singers attained; The concert was brought to a close about half-past eleven by the choir and audience singing " God Save the Queen." 