MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. " Struck Oil" arid " The Chinese Question were withdrawn from the boards of the Royal about 10 days ago, in the zenith of their popularity, to make way for Gilbert and Sullivan's highly amusing comic opera "H. M. S. Pinafore," which has ever since drawn crowded houses, money having been frequently refused at the doors. The work is mag nificently mounted, nothing having been spared in even "the minntisc of detail. The result is a thoroughly realistic representation of a man-of-war, the costumes, from Sir Joseph Porter down to the smallest cabin boy, being perfectly correct. ,Thc orchestra, under conduct of Signer Giorza, is. perhaps the best over heard here ill' a work of the kind, and the chorus is highly efficient. The success previously achieved in the same opera by Messrs. Kelly and Leon's company not unnatu rally suggested comparisons when it was first produced by Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, but the public have proved in a most substantial manner their appreciation of the work as it is at present bein" given. The portion of the company not required in the " Pinafore" are at present playing in Brisbane, where they opened in " Saratoga," and won an unequivocal success. Since our last letter Professor Pepper removed from the School of Arts to the Victoria Theatre, where he lias been assisted by a dramatic com pany uu to the present. He produces pieces in which 'his illusions can be introduced with good effect, such as "Hermes" and the "Alcliymist," the Bottle Imp, and "The Red Lion Inn, or the Missing Ghosts." He is nightly applauded by highly appreciative audiences. Mcs«rs Baker and Farron's company are as popular as ever in the Queen's Theatre.- They have recently produced, with great success, " The Writing on the Wall " and the "Irish Emigrant, ' and on Saturday night a new piece called " Honest Hearts " was well represented. Mr. Baker, who had been suffering from the effects of an accident which he met with a few weeks since, was able to re-appear on the occasion, and he was received ina very cordial manner by his numerous admirers. Mdllc. Olga Dtiboin, the celebrated Russian pianistc. recently gave a highly successful concert in the Masonic Hall under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor. The lady's perform- .ances were highly and most deservedly applauded. (Her exccutioii is perfect, and she possesses in a :high degree the faculty of playing with her mind. A series of operatic concerts by Madame Fabris, Miss Shcrwin, Signor Pompei, and others, has been commenced at the Guild Hall, and the first one was a pronounced success. Madame Saclier and Mrs. Wells have each given concerts at the Masonic Hall, and both, were well attended. Burton's Circus, at the Haymarket. continues to receive, as it deserves, a very 'liberal share of public patronage. Visitors to this popular place of amusement are always sure of spending a pleasant evening. Barton's Circus continues to attract young and .old,, and promises to do so for a considerable length of time to come. 