MAITLAND ALBIONS v. SYDNEY UNIVERSITY. [BY " VoirtTNTEEB."! On Saturday afternoon, on the Albion Ground, the long talked of football match came off, between 15 of the Albion Club and 15~of the celebrated University Club. The Albion fifteen included,; some non-members. The attendance on ¡;the ground was very good, and the afternoon was beautifully fine for out-door amusements. A good number of the ladies, taking advantage of the fine weather, graced the giround with their pre- sence, and inspired the contestants to dis- tinguish themselves. There were six gentle- men appointed to keep ?the ground clear, and they were assisted by one or two of the force, who might have been at home for all the good they did, as they ¿eft all the work to tho committee men appointed for that purpose. Messrs. Garvan and J'ohnson deserve great praise for their efforts in keeping the ground^ clear. I will now commence a description oí' the game, which endec^ in favor of the Uni- versity Club. | Mr. Bowman commanded the University, Mr. W. Gilmore officiated as umpire for Alma Mater, and Mr. James Barry acted in a simi- lar capacity for the Albions. The Albions havirg lost tho toss, commenced the game by sending the ball well down the field.^ Scrim- maging began at once, and lasted for a con- siderable time, there being nothing in parti cular to note on either side, but the Albions were evidently playing too fast, and the Uni- versity taking it easy-just doing enough to defend their goal, and keep the Albions in check. The 'Varsity now began to work in earnest, and gradually worked the ball on in spite of a determined stand made by the Albions, and it was plain to be seen that the pace at which the Albions began the.game was telling on some of the non-members in their ranks. Mann seizing the oval Bpeeled along first one side and then the other, and having successfully evaded four or five, reached the goal line and secured a touch- down for Alma Mater. The try for goal did not succeed. Bruen, the best drop kick on the ground, made a splendid kick off, the 'Varsity returned the ball a short distance back, when Callaghan started to run, but was forced out of bounds. The ball was soon thrown in, and the University by clever passing and good forward play, forced the Albions down. At the kick off Perry made a fair run, when the powerful Johnny Mann collared him, and a scrimmage resulted. Broughton, in endeavouring to seize the ball, knocked it on before him, and hand-ball cried by umpire. Bowman collared the leather from the scrimmage, and effected a splendid drop-kick. Broughton received the oval as it landed, but was immediately spreadeagled by Mann. Butler then laid on to the ball and gave the Albions a long chase, when Bruen, the last man, laid him as flat as a pancake, and returned the ball to the middle of the ground. Clark here tried to show some play, but clearly proved his inability to do so ; Ryan came to the rescue aud showed bira, how to play by making a splendid run, and received well deserved applause. The University men were now playing grandly, the great feature in their play being the grand idea of passing the ball. Callaghan, for the Albions, tackled well at this part of the game, and the Albions were again compelled to force down, notwith- standing their strenuous efforts to bring the ball into the middle of the ground. Brown was greatly missed now, as there was no man at the back position to stop a man from breaking the line of forwards. At the kick-off Mann rushed off with the ball, when it took three Albions to stop him, but " off aide" was called by umpires, and ball back again, and a scrimmage resulted, out of which the Univer sity forced the ball and compelled the Albions to again force down. Kicked off again by Albions, when they were again forced down. The University were now having the completo possession of the game, as Butler, shortly after this last force down, made a grand run, and scored another touch down for the University. Bowman tried the kick, and succeeded in placing a goal to the credit of his s'de. Another touch down soon followed, and a failure was the result of the try for goal, but they very nearly secured another touch down from the Albions, who hardly seized the ball before their opponents dashed in on them. Bruen made a grand kick-off for the Albions, but he was very soon compelled to force down again. At the next kick-off Waddy made a good run for the Albions, and was tumbled by Bowman ; a scrimmage again, and Sam Solomon began to show some good play, and worked hard in the forwards. Butler tried another spin, but Callaghan had too much pace for hiin, and sent him reeling in grand Btyle. Solomon, close handy, seized the coveted leather, and when on the point of being collared made a good kick. Butler was again off with the leather, when Coody put the brake on him, when he heaved to, and cast anchor on the broad of, his back ; Tan gey followed Butler, and backed him up well, and catching the leather from his mate rush- ed in, and scored another touch- down, but 'the try resulted in a failure. At the kick-off Bowman received the ball, and started to run ; Clarke was the first he met, and soon he put him on one Bide, as Clarke made a childish effort to stop him ; he went on for a considerable distance, and kicked the ball behind the Albions' goal line, wd forced them down ; kicked off again, and Butler away again for his "natural." Wall tried to stop him, but the attemp't ended in another wretched failure ; the University men were going through them like water, as the Albions were done up for want of condition. Sefton received the ball from Butler's kick, and tried to do something grand by kicking, more to the other side'B advantage than his own. At this point of the game one of theUniversity men who suffers agreatdeal from cramps threw himself down, stretched himself out in a manner that one would think he was going to give up the ghost, but after a little rubbing of the muscles he soon got all right. At the resumption of play Mann made off with the ball, Clarke was the first man in his way, who made but a poor attempt to stop him ;. Callaghan stopped his little game, and tough scrimmage resulted. Fortune now seemed to favor the Albions, and they gradually worked the ball along, Clarke seized the ball and kicked it in such a manner that it was against his own side's chances of dribbling the ball. The captain consequently called, " Bad play, Clarke." The Albions, however, worked it down gradually to their opponents' goal, when Cush took advantage of a splendid opportunity, rushed in behind the University goal line, and secureda touchdown amidst great applause on the part of a number of the Mait- land talent. The try for goal was entrusted to Osborne, and although not a difficult feat, sent the oval flying over the middle of the oal. The ball was soon brought into play y the University, and in less than five minutes they sent the ball spinning over the Albions' goal, thus showing what they could do when asked. This finished up the game and the usual cheering was indulged in. Those who showed the best play for Mait- land wore : Solomon, Cush, Ryan, Coady, and Bruen, the last named-skicked splendidly and was a great help to the Albions. Butler and Bowman played a magnificent game for the University team, and they seemed to mo to be superior to all the rest. I believe there is to be a meeting some night this week of all the members of the Albion club to take into consideration the action of the office-bearers of the club, and other matters of vital importance, when I hope one and all will roll up and attend the meeting. The coffeidam at tho now dry dock works, South- ampton, gave way on Monday night, June 2. No one was injured. The accident will not interfere with the business of the docks. The Spa Saloon at Scarborough, which was destroyed by fire threo yeais sinco, has been rebuilt on a very olaborato and handsome plan, and will shortly be opened for tho use of the public. Mrs. Sutton, an old lady upwards of sixty, fell out of her bedroom window, at- Hope Square, Clifton' ?nd falling 60ft, wau picked up quite dead. 