MR. SPURGEON AT RICHMOND COLLEGE. In accordance with a promise (says a correspondent) Mr. Spurgeon kindly came down to the College on Wednesday, June 18, to talk to us on the " Work of God," and to enrich us with the valuable hints that twenty-five years of hard and successful service for the Master has enabled him to lay up in store. His address—a sketch of which is appended—was received with the heartiest approval and with frequent applause, and truly did we feel with the Chairman (Dr. Osborn) that " we were listening to the world's greatest preacher of this generation":— My dear young friends—We want in our ministry more ministers of a high class. I do not know how it is in your denomination, but our great failure is in the want of leaders. I dare say it is so with you ; but we want men qualified to take the first post and to be leaders in the Church. If I were to say to you, yon have no men for the high places, I should speak wrongly, for you have some of the greatest men of the day; but let me urge you to try to fit yourselves for the best posts ; try and qualify yourselves above the average of the ministry ; try to riBe to the highest position that it is possible for the Christian ministry to reach. I want you to get into a high tone—by no means a high tone of voice, for of all tones the ministerial tone is the most horrible. If any of you have fallen into such a tone, labour against it. I do not like a man to speak as if he had one tone down stairs in the parlour and another in the pulpit. Let us be natural. Neither do I wish you to propagate ministerialism. A great many of our ministers of to-day may be known by their walk ; they have a peculiar out that is pious, and people seem to think that if a man has got one of thbse straight-up buttoned waistcoats, he is sure to go to heaven. A man can soon get into a fussy kind of ministerialism, which is not wanted to-day. Let UB be honest men. Let us have the highest conceivable tone as tovthe object of our ministry, and as Christian ministers let each one of us say: "Every time I preach my one object is the conversion of souls; my first business is to drive with all my might at these sinners till they are either driven or drawn to Christ. I shall reckon every sermon wasted unless it brings some to Christ." You believe in conversion. There are some people now-a-days who don't believe in such a thing ; but you stick to the oldfashioned things; you want to be fruitful unto God and win souls for Christ; but there is one thing don't do, don't go and put it in the paper and say, " So many souls converted on such a night, glory be to God." It won't act. There is an oldfashioned word called '^repentance;" I think it is in the dictionary, I believe Johnson has it. According to some of the great men of the day it is a Greek word which only means a "change of mind;" but let me tell you that the faith which is not wet with tears of repentance is of no use at all. Let us then go in for the real work of Christ, and then all our converts shall be God's converts, and they shall not be found on the drunkard's benches or in prison. The next thing is to go in for teaching the people; cram your sermons full of thought and good stuff for your hearers. Hold fast what you know to be true; hold it fast to-day and don't let it go to-morrow. Remember it is God's Word; it is not "but," or "peradventure," or "perhaps," but it is God's Word. It is for us to know what we believe ho that we can make the people know it >nd Instruct them. Heterodox generally means ignorance; the man who does not believe in the orthodox never believes. Then, my brethren, I think you will find that your next business is to train the people. Try and find something for everybody to do, for it is a good thing to get people to wprk. We cannot do much ourselves, but when we get others to work we can do a great deal for the glory of God. , Go in for a high standard of holiness, but don't crack about it; and, without entering into any dispute, labour on for the glory of Cod. The Holy Ghost never works except He. produces holiness as , the result of it. We want to get our people to live near to God and to be earnest in secret prayer. I would like for ministers to try for permanence in service—to hold together what results will come of the work of the Lord. Some do a great deal which comes to nothing; they get tired of it, and down it goes; they don't Beem as if they were labouring for eternity ; they forget that "the fire shall try every man s work of what sort it is." I pray God to help you to do work that will stand the fire. Don't do it in a hurry, or in a flimsy way ; do it no that it may be permanent, "engraved as in •ternal brass," that every impression you make may be found there when a million ages have passed away. Labour for permanence, and let this be your prayer—" Establish Thou the work of our hands upon us, yea, the work of our hands establish Thou it." Secondly, I want you to go in for a high tone of mini8ty as to character. We are called to holiness, and I am very anxious that the Christian ministry everywhere should stand, like Ceesar's wife " above suspicion." You know it is whispered sometimes that a call from God is better when it is accompanied by a larger salary. I hope that is not true with any of us. We should desire to be where there is most to be done for God. Take that which is hardest to bear ; be willing to take any place for Christ's sake. Cultivate guilelessness. Deal with your people always " on the straight;" tell them •what you think, or don't think at all. Always do the right, and have no dodgeB. " Behold an Israelite indeed in whom is no guile." When you are very prudent and very wise you will never do ; for I believe the Lord loves open-hearted people. Self-humiliation and abasement before God are absolutely requisite for any large success. If you want to be something in the sight of God, go backward in your own estimation till you come to nothing at all. The highest dignity in the world is to be something in the Church. Above all, let every Ghriitian minister cultivate the spirit of forgiveness, " Brethren, love one another " Thirdly, we want a high-class of ministers as to preaching—some of the best preaching in the world. Cultivate a practical useful style rather than a grand one. Cultivate that style which touches people's hearts most. Put light into your sermons, It is said of the old men that they thought of what they were going to say, and of young men that they think of how they are going to say it. You think of what you are going to say. I have no doubt Bome of you think you would like to imitate the style of Dr. Punshon, or of Dr. Parker, or of Spurgeon, but you can't do it. Keep your own style, and preach in your own way. We want preaching full of unction; but what is unction? Can any of you tell me 1 It is a secret, a mighty, a forceful, a wonderful thing — an indescribable something which can only be felt. It makes what is spoken seem more than words. Go fresh from your closet into the pulpit, and let the people know you have been communing with God. We want U more unction, and then we should have more power in preaching to others. Brethren, get all alive. Tiy to be among the best and foremost men in the Christian Church and 1.1 the ministry. Be more prayerful than others; have more faith than others ; have more faith than others, beoause the olaimB of your Lord demand that you should be all that you can be. It may be that you are subject to temptation, and have to struggle hard to keep hold on Christ, but struggle just as hard to bring others to Christ, and let your motto ever be " I'll live for Him or 111 die. "—" J. W. H.," in the EngUah Independent. 