GENERAL NEWS, Tlie English mail steamer arrived at Albany at a quarter past- 9 o'clock this (Thurs day) morning. 7. The Garonne sailed on Wednesday for London with a full complement of cargo and ' passengers, but during the ^evening telegrams were received by Mr. T.N. Stephens, the Sec retary of the Marine Board, stating that she had grounded on Tapley's Shoal, about eight miles due east from Edithburgli. Arrange- , ments were at once made for tugs from Port - Adelaide, and the steamer James Comrie, which was lying atEditliburgh, to go to her assistance. . The telegrams state that the sea was smooth and the glass steady, so that with the aid of the steamers which have been dispatched it is to be hoped the Orient liner will be got off without-any serious damage, There'is, how-* ever, the fact against her] that it was nearly. high water when she grounded. ; Our shipping reporter, who visited, the Garonne this (Thursday) morning, informs us by telegram that the steamer stranded at 4 • o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. .He .says she makes no water, and sits upright on a rough . bottom of sand and ■ boulders. The James. Comrie, steamer,' was .in attendance, but no-.. ' immediate danger was anticipated. Lightening operations were to be prosecuted vigorously, ; -ind Captain Legoe was at once dispatched for twenty hands, who would be on board the vessel within three and a half hours. An alteration in the course usually adopted in swearing-in Jurors was introduced ' at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court on Thursday by the Chief Justice. Hitherto the cumbrous and lengthy plan has been fol lowed of swearing in the Jury.on each separate case, but His Honor remarked that as the Jury! "Act allowed all Jurymen to be sworn at'one , time he would avail himself of the opportunity of saving time by pursuing that course. All the Jurymen were accordingly sworn at the •the same'time, the right to challenge.being. : reserved,'as in the,' former .plan, before the Jurors took their seats. : ■ ; ' • On Thursday morning, .March 20, Messrs A. Hardy and R. W. E. Henniug, members for. the District of Albert, waited upon the. Com-' miEsioner of Crown Lands (Hon. T. Play ford) to call his attention to one or two local, require ments. The first was with reference to a request by the District Council of Narracoorte for an extension of Park Lands dedicated to the Council for commonage purposes. The District Council held a meeting in January last, when it was resolved that on account of the Park Lands dedicated to the Council .being somewhat limited and extremely sterile, an effort.be made to secure their extension. It was thought then - that could the Council obtain the reserve of a certain block of land lying to the south of the township the requirements of the district in this respect would be met. The Commissioner said he would refer the matter to the Surveyor General for a report, and would communicate . the result to the'deputation. The attention of •the Commissioner was then drawn to the neces sity. of increasing the facilities for watering travelling stock on the Coorong. Mr. Playford said the matter was under" consideration. He believed further watering facilities were re quired, but he did not think there were any funds at present. He would look into the matter, and send the'deputation a formal reply. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wednes day and the same hour on Thursday is registered as follows:— Daly Waters... 0-050 Katherine ... 4*100 Pine Creek ... 1610 PortDarwinA.. 0*010 Southport "... -0*200 "Sam Creek ... 0*360 The Examiners for the University Scholarships have completed their, examina tions, and have sent in the following report to the Minister of Education:—" Sir—We have completed the supplementary examination for'.. University Scholarships, and while'maintaining as nearly as possible the same average standard, are able to report a marked improvement .in the results. S. E. Holder has decidedly the first place, and. .we recommend that a- scholarship be also awarded to R. S. Rodgers. Signed— F. Halcomb, M.A., Examiner in Classics; W.G. Robinson, M. A., Examiner in Mathematics; and Wm, . Rgby Fletcher, M.A., Examiner in ^ English." We understand that it is hot the intention of the-.Government to charge a toll on the Murray .Bridge, as was at one time intended.. ■ We were shown on Wednesday a small sample-of coal, which was Btated by Mr. Buick, of Kangaroo Island, to have teen found there about a-mile from Mr. Daw's discovery. The piece we saw was very like what is known as jet coal, hard, bright, very free from smut, and rather light in weight. On Tuesday, March 18, the new mill of the 'Mallala Flour Mill Company was opened by Mr. W. Cavenagli, M.P. A successful banquet was also held iji the evening. i A gentleman has informed the Wallaroo Times that he feels satisfied coal exists within thirty-five miles'of Wallaroo, basing his asser tion upon "the testimony of the rocks" in the neighborhood to which'he referred.; Messrs. John Hill & Co. announce by advertisement that special coaches for the Great Northern Race Meeting, to be held on Wednes day and Thursday next, will leave Clare at 5.30 : a.m. on, Wednesday. Passengers must leave Adelaide by the 4.45 p.m. train on Tuesday. On Tuesday evening,- March 18, Mr, Mullen," an old officer of volunteers, was enter tained by a number of his friends, at Hooper's Prince of Wales Hotel, Kapunda.and presented with a Martini-Henry rifle: His Worship the Mayor of Kapunda, Mr. J. Rowett, presided. A very agreeable evening was spent. The launceston Examiner states that "the steamship Derwent has been purchased from the T.S.N. Co. by Captain Howard Smith, of Melbourne, for the sum of £6,000. Her new owner intends her for-the Queensland trade, and she will proceed to Sydney from Melbourne under command of Captain Langford." A new room which has been added to the Uraidla State. School was formally opened on Wednesday afternoon, March 19, by the Chair man of the Local Board of Advice (Mr. _G. Noices). There was,a large attendance, .in-, eluding the Minister of Education (the, Hon. Thomas King, M.P.)., . ... The Bourke paper of March 10 says:— •' Here the river has risen' nine feet and rises about one foot each twenty- four .hours; at Walget the B'arwon is about' fiften feet and the Namoi, in places, running over the banks; at Brewarrina, the river has risen seven. feet;. at St. George it now measures but twelve feet and is rapidly falling. The steamer Success ancl barge arrived here late last night." The number of births and ' deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, March 15, was:— Births—118males,113females;deaths—43males, 36'females. Total—231 births, 79 deaths. Ex cess of births, 152. The number registered in the District of Adelaide was:—Births—19 males, 37 females; deaths—22 males, 17 females. Total .-56 births, 39 deaths. Excess of births, 17. ' On Tuesday evening, March 18, a public: tea, followed by an entertainment, took place in the Franklin-street Schoolroom "in connection with the opening of a new organ. The enter tainment, which was of a musical character, was presided over by the Hon. J. Carr. There was a large attendance. Addresses on Sabbath-school work were delivered by the Chairman and Messrs. Lloyd and Crase. Mr. A. S. Lewis pre sided'at the organ. - ' Mr. Barnard has issued his programme for the second Newmarket Meetirig at Morphett- ville, which will take place on April 26. The bill of fare is an attractive one, and includes the Handicap Hurdles of 20 sovs., 1¾ miles; New- market Handicap of 30 sovs., 1 mile; Pony Race of 10 sovs., 7 furlongs, for ponies 13 hands and under; Steeplechase of 30 sovs., 3 miles; Amateur Flat Race of 20 sovs., 1 mile; and Nursery Handicap of 25 sovs., three-quarters of a mile for two-year-olds. In this there is some thing for everyone, for all kinds of horses and all sorts of riders, and we have no doubt there will be a lavge attendance of spectators. A serious accident occurred at Port Adelaide on Wednesday morning, March 19, to Mr. William. Willcocks, carter, of Portland Estate. Mr. Willcocks was driving the carter's crane, which is fixed on wheels so as to be easily taken from Port Adelaide across to the Glan ville Wharf. He proceeded along Mun'dy street and. was entering St. Yiucent-street, which has a telegraph line running along it, when the head'of the crane caught in the wires, and broke one of them. The shock caused the crane to swerve, and Mr. Willcocks was thrown down, and one of the wheels, is said to have passed ;over the lower part of his body. He was at once taken to Dr. Gething's, where he was attended to, and subsequently taken to his home. : : A pleasant gathering took place in the. Lecture Hall of the Flinders-street Presby- terian Church, on Wednesday evening, March 19, the occasion being to bid farewell to Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Fleming, who leave for England by the ship Torrens. After tea the chair was occupied by. the pastor of the Church, the Rev. Jas. Lyall, who referred to Mr. Fleming's con- nection with.the Church, and on behalf of the congregation presented him with a purse con- taining £46 10s. Mr. J. S. Knox, as Secretary of the Church, Mr. T. W. Marshall, as Acting Superintendent of the Sunday-school, Mr. A. Walker, as Secretary to the Young Men's Asso- ciation, and Mr. Berry having spoken, Mr. Fleming replied in a feeling speech, thauking the congregation for their tangible, token; of esteem and sympathy. " A case of some interest and importance to seamen, as showing their liabilities and'obli gations, was decided in the Juries of Six Court on Saturday, before the Chief Justice," writes. the Melbourne Age of March 17." John Williams, an able seaman, brought an action against. Malcolm Muir, master of the steamer Alhambra, trading- between Australian and New-Zealand ports, to recover damages for wrongful dis missal and false imprisonment. On 8th. May last the plaintiff agreed with the defendant at £6 per month, and. shortly afterwards the steamer cleared out for New Zealand. Welling- ton was reached on the 18th, and the crew were kept working, till half-past 8 in- the evening.. The chief officer then told them they would have to wash the deck next morning, which was Sunday, but they said they would not do so un- less paid overtime. On the Sunday morning, at 7 a.m., orders were given to the crew to clean the deck, but the. plaintiff and others refused, and he and another seaman were given into custody on a charge of refusing to obey lawful. commands. The prisoners were brought before the local Magistrate next day, but meanwhile, the vessel had left and they were discharged. The defence to the present action was that the plaintiff had refused to perform his lawful duties when called upon by the master. The Jury found a verdict for the defendant." . The first volume of. an Australian edition of sketches entitled "A Tour Through Great Britain, or England from a Back Window," by . "The, Danbury Newsman" has been forwarded to us. from the es- tablishment of Mr. Geo. Robertson. Those of our readers who have perused the light and comical emanations from the pen of Mr. J. M. Bailey, or as he is generally known, " the Dan- bury. Newsman," .will read these sketches with unfeigned pleasure. The. author in the present volume deals, with London—its street scenes, social life, and characteristic features, in a graphicandanentertainingmanner,and through out the work is most interesting. While " our American Cousin" has permitted his lively fancy to lighten.otherwise solid facts with dry humor and occasionally extravagant exaggeration, he has not been blind to the beauty of England's , scenery, the poetry of her historical associations, and the sterling qualities of her people. .His criticisms are straightforward, and are clearly those of one actuated by an honest sense of fair play, and there is little or nothing in the work to/.offend the amour propre of the most fastidious Englishman. Tlie volume will, we are sure, be entertaining to all, but more especially to native-born Australians whose knowledge of the capital-of the mother-country, its social surroundings, and public life, is ne cessarily derived from books and newspapers. The Inspector-General of Schools reports the following pupil-teachers as having, passed the examination held in October, and as having been favorably reported on by the teachers and Inspectors, and who are how eligible for promo- tion:—Ada J. Archer, Thomas Hancock, Marian E. Duce, Alfred Wilson, H. Hillman, Mary A. Leader, North Adelaide Model School, Marian Alcock, Jane Anderson, Annie Greenshields, Margaret Espie, Annie F. Loutit, Thomas J. Price, G. G. Newman, Grote-street Model and Practising School; Lucy J. Clark, Eva Langs- ford, Lucy M. Schulze,. Edith A. Bowen, Nor- wood Model School; Alice Duce, Matilda Goodlad, Maria Harvey, Ellen, J. Nicholls, Port Adelaide; E. Fergusson, Wallaroo Mines; William Halls, Elizabeth Whenan, M. J. Goldsworthy, Alfred Williams, Moonta Mines; Mary J. Holt, Samuel P. Bennett, Moonta; J. T. F. Johnson, Houghton; Alice V. Welsh, Annie A. Welsh, Whitmore-square; Caroline Foster, Franklin-street; E. W. Rad- ford, Uraidla; Eliza J. Skinner, Hindmarsh; Isabella Walker, Portland Estate; W. H, Cherry, Gawler; Alice Ford, Alice Hill, Gepp's Cross; Florence Hengell, Ccafers; William Shapster, Rundle-street; J. J. Stephens, Gilles street; James S. Gold, Port Augusta; Edith M. Jones, Riverton; Annie Snell, Burra. The decision as to several of the pupil teachers has not yet been given; ' At a meeting of the Adelaide General Aid Committee held on Wednesday, March 19, with respect to the Gawler strike, some twenty or thirty members were present. The Secretary reported having with members of the Sub- Committee waited upon /Messrs. Bray; Eraser, and Simms, M.P.'s, to ask them to introduce a deputation to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, in reference , to the issue of passes to Gawler to men seeking work other than new arrivals, which they consented to do. Since then Mr. Bray had received, a. letter from the Commissioner in reply to a letter sent to him, in which he -(the Commisioner) stated that no passes had been issued except to new arrivals, and one man who had been taken ill and sent to the Hospital. A discussion took place in which it was stated that one man who arrived by the Hesperus, one by the Rodney, and two by the Woodlark had received passes to Gawler, and could nob obtain them for else .where. It was decided that the deputation should wait on the Commissioner as soon as possible. Mr. Smith, a delegate from Gawler, reported that nothing fresh had transpired at Gawler, except that the Co-operative Society had been started. The Treasurer reported haying sent £60 to Gawler last, week, and a similar amount this week. The Secretary reported re- ceiving £12 6s. from Wallaroo. A vote of thanks to the delegate closed the meeting. An unusual complication. arose on Wed- nesday in the Supreme Court while His Honor the Chief Justice was sentencing prisoners who had previously been convicted. A man named James Carragher, who pleaded guilty on the previous day to a charge of arson, was called up for sentence, but much to the surprise of the Court the prisoner stated that his plea had been wrongly understood by the Associate; and he, the prisoner, now wanted to plead " not guilty." Mr. T. K. Pater, who had been retained for the defence some weeks before the commencement of the Criminal Sittings, but was absent from the Court when the prisoner was arraigned, said he and the prisoner's friends were quite sur prised at the plea of guilty, as he (Mr. Pater) had previously advised the • prisoner - that on the depositions there was no case against him. The Crown Solicitor drew the attention of the Court to the fact that the witnesses for the-Crown' had duly satis fied their recognisances by appearing at the trial, but had gone away after the plea of gui'ty.h'ad been recorded. If the case were allowed, to go on as if the prisoner had pleaded not guilty ho dependence could be placed on the finality of a plea of guilty unless the prisoner were sentenced at the time. As there was no doubt as to the plea made by the prisoner, it was suggested that probably after conference with some one the. prisoner had determined to alter it to " not guilty." His Honor said he would determine the matter this mornitfg. : It is stated' that -Pastor Ghihictuy-is ahout to visit Narracoorte. "" , A service of song, "The Desire of all Nations," is to be given in the new Wesleyan Church, Norwood, this evening. - £ .; r n A special meeting; of the. -S.-A. Yacht Club has been convened for this evening at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, to consider special business. The Australian Minstrels intend to give;* an entertainment at the ..Glenelg Institute tliis| evening. ■ ■ -T The next concert of the Adelaide Philar monic Society will be" given on the 25th inst. We understand that Signor' Savrihi will'sing at it '„ ... .' '' ' Nominations for the, Clare Cup and Steeplechase must be made to-day with Mr. Coates, or with the Secretary (Mr. Hill), at Gray's Hotel, up to 6 p.m. , Playgoers will he pleased to learn that Mr. Allison has entered into an engagement with the celebrated actress Miss Dorgan, to appear at the Theatre Royal when Mr.. Wybert Reeves, who will follow Miss Ada Ward, has"concluded ; his engagement. The following are the, acceptances and; entries for the principal events at the Eurra Race Meeting on April i Acceptances;—Eurra Handicap—Westbury, Tom Brown, Country man, St. Ealdred, Mercury, and Thane; and for the Steeplechase—-Ivanhoe. Little Darkie, Lady Ashbourne; Sarchedon, Ringwood. and Trump. The entries are, for the Maidens — Davis's. Shadow, O'Dea's Mermaid, Hamilton's Iole, Crabb's Lillian, Cahill's Bushman, and J. Cahill's Irishman. For . the Town Plate — Jewess, Countryman, Mercury, Tidal Wave, and Tom Brown. There was an outcry that Device was. thrown into the Handicap, but it would appear as though the mare is being kept, for better'things than can be open to her at the Burra. or in the North. If. there is any foundation for the statement that Trump has .performed well at Kensington Park, the Steeplechase will look like a good thing for Trump or Sarchedon. Ada and.Don Carlos are the favorities for . the Great Northern Handicap, the betting being 5, to 4 on the field, and Banter being in. some demand at 3 to 1. For the Flying Handicap there is no betting at present. For the Steeplechase Hamlet is a strong favorite at 2. to 1 against him, Sarchedon, Trump, and Selector being the next named, hut it is doubtful whether the last named horse and; Warlock' will arrive from . . Melbourne in time to fulfil their Northern engagements. Eiscocks and Havman's Minstrel Troupe" attracted another large attendance on Wednes day evening, when a new -programme was pre sented. In the first part Mr. Vernon Reid sang " Pure as the waterlily," Mr. Ainery gave " I'm lonely no more," and Mr. L. Braham the fine song," Glory or the grave,"' Mr.. H. Sfconeham playing a cornet obligato to the last. A phantom chorus, with the introduction-of a ghost who made things lively for Bones and Sambo, excited unbounded merriment. - A second part of the entertainment comprised seme new scenes, songs, and dances, which were well received. Messrs. Cheevers and Kennedy were excruciatingly comic _ in their Dutch, -Irish, and negro speciali-. ties, and their clever gymnastic dancing' was greatly, appreciated. A burlesque tempe rance recitation by Cheevers sent the audience into roars of laughter. Messrs. Bent, Brown, Newland. and Kennedy were also- successful iu their negro eccentricities, their statuesque groupings, with the local hitsdutroduced for the occasion being especially amusing. A mirth .. provoking sketch-, called "Les Miserables" brought the entertainment to a close. This* evening tbe: same programme, which is ah ex : cellent one, will be repeated. On Friday even-'' .ing Mr. W. Horace Bent will take his-benefit.. On Tuesday evening; Marcli 18,;. a tea'| and entertainment in connection with the;Order , of Rechabites took place in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. There was a large atten-.. " dance, and amongst those: present there were nearly the, whole of the_ delegates from the -: " country who had been in attendance at the aiinnal Council that day.: -The tables having been cleared, aiid the seats arranged, the newly elected D.C.R. of ;the Albert District, Mr; Si J.. Whitmofe,'t6ok the chair, and opened'.the pro ceedings with a brief speech. A.iter'a song and .chorus by lady - and gentlemen amateurs, Mr. B. P. Cocks gave the report of the Alliance Tent from which we quote the following:— " The past. year has been one of progress in numbers and wealth.' We have received^by initiation and clearance 28 ; new members^ 10 \- have run out through nonpayment *o!f subscrip tions, and one has withdrawn by clearance,, leaving our numbers 17 more than last year.' We have received from all sources £373 163.8d., arid have disbursed for sick pay £63 15s. 5d. ; surgeons, £54 9s. 6d.; district funds,_ £61 -8s. 3d.; other expenses, £46 6s. 5d.; making a ' total of £226 19s. 7d., leaving, a balance to the . eredit of £151 17s. Id. on the year's transac tions, which, added to the funds of last year, £877 9s. 5d., makes the present'worth of the tent £i,029 6s. 6d. We have also a Juvenile Tent numbering 23 members, and having £28 2s. 8d. in funds. Most of our funds are out at ; interest on good security, " but w'e. have, £150 unemployed. The interest received during " tlie year, has more than paid the sick pay." Mr. G. W. Cole, D.S., gave a few figures frorn . -the report of'the Albert District. The evening^ entertainment included .speeches by Mr. E. H. Derrington, J.P.; Rev. B. P. Mudge, "and Mr. Reuben Gill, of Moontaj songs, recitations, ' &c.;,"by Messrs. G. Newman, H. Harlow* G., Newman, ]'un.,'McKechnie, F.'B. Litchfield,1 and Gi M. Cole. Mrs. P. A- Howells presided at the organ, and efficient help was rendered-in vocal music, by Miss. Newman. During the evening several presentations were made. The /first was by Mr. R. Dawe, of Kadina, orr behalf of the Hope of Kadina Tent, the members of which had subscribed for a splendid gold albert and locket, on which was engraved the fact that • it was a token of esteem to Bro. Joseph Treg loan, who had retired from the Secretaryship of the Tent after ten years' service. , Mr. Tregloan suitably replied. The other presentations con sisted of the P.D.C.R. scarfs to Rev. B. P. Mudge and Mr. G. Bickle._ The interest of the entertainment was maintained throughout, and closed with a hearty vote of thanks to all who had taken part in the same. 