THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN CONGRE GATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The half-yearly meeting of the Congregational TTnion and Home Mission of South Australia, Incorporated, was held at the Congregational Church, North Adelaide, 011 Tuesday, October *c. .a. puDiic cevouonai service was r.'.-id at 10 a.m., at which there was 3 .'mail attendance of ladies and gentlemen. At 11 o'clock a, business meeting was held, when there w;.? a large attendance of ministers and delegates. The Chairman of the Union (Rev. J. McSwin'i pre sided. Prayer was offered by Mr. J. M. Dowie. CHAIRiTAX 3 AlJDaK=S. The Chairman delivered hia address, in which ie proposed to set forth the ideal Christian life, which he said, if fully realized, would make the world an ideal world. The subject of his address was ' The, secret of po«er,'*and in the course of his remarks he alluded to the seed. of power both in the Church and in the individual. There never was an age when the foes of religion are so numerous as now. Arrayed against the Chorea there were heathenism, popery, scepticism, nngodliness, and a spirit ot fake aad spurious liberalism. The Church and the Christian needed spiritual power with which to do battle with iheae forces in the world. There was abundant proof in the history of men like Luther, Weriey, Whitford, Gtorge Mailer, ?nd Moody that spiritual power was no beautiful ideal bat a real practical thing. There was no reason why every Christian in his measure should not be clothed with this power ; for it was given to every child of God who would pat it on. Among the prerequisites of spiritual power he mentioned the poeseesion of the Holy Spirit, purity, faith, prayer, zeal, about each of which he delivered some earsest words and exhortation. As an example of the effects of zeal the operations of the Salvation Army were cited. ' The officers and privates of this army,' be said, ' which has now 102 corps in England and numbers altogether between 5,000 and 6,000 Workers, are men and women who, fired with zeal fox God and men, have left the beaten track of conventional propriety and by new and startling methods have gone out into the byways and hedges and compelled men to come in. Through the work of this army two millions of people hear the troth every week who have hitherto been neglected. Thousands of the most abandoned classes are being reclaimed and made Christiana. The criticism which baa been passed upon the work of the Salvation Army has been abundant, their methods and vocabulary are shocking to ears polite, but all who have taken the trouble to examine the work personally speak of it with unqualified approval.' In conclusion he said if tbey — both ministers and people— had power with God and men, the power of the Holy Ghost, the power which sprung from purity, faith, prayer, and burning zeal, they would no longer need to complain of empty pews or an empty treasury. There would be ample funds for every needful work, and willing labourers eager to do it. They would no longer have to complain of the alienation of the masses from the Church. The evil spirits would depart from men at their bidding, and the Church would no longer be weak and contemptible in men's eyes. She would then rise up in the strength of God to attack the mighty evils which now afflicted humanity, and .overthrow them. She would again look forth as morning, fair aa the noon, clear as the sun, and terrible aa an army with banners. The Rev. H. Chebthah moved that a vote of thanks be accorded to the Chairman for his sddress, and congratulated the rev. gentleman upon the excellence and practicability of the remarks he had made. The Bev. M. M. Dick seconded, stating that he thoroughly agreed with the utterances of the Chairman. The Kevs. O. Copland, J. Ferguson, and Messrs. F. Searle and K. Searle ako spoke. The motion was carried. PERSONAL MEMBERS. On the motion of the Rev. \V. R. Flbtchbb, M.A., Mr. F. Searle was admitted as a pernonal member of the Union and welcomed on his re turn from Englnnd. A welcome was also ac corded to Mr. Browning, of Victoria. BOLL-CAXX. 9 The MctrTH Sbcrbtaey (Mr. J. J. Stuckey) read the roll-call an follows : — Stow Church— Revs. W. R. Fletcher and O. Hall, Messrs. W. Kntt,H. A. Crawford, A. Dowie, J. Berry, R. Stuckey, J. J. Stuckey, and H. Dean. North Adelaide — Rev. O. Copland, Messrs. G. Phillips, J. M. Anderson, J. J. Green, J. F. Oonigrave, A. Gore, A. S. Devenish, R. Searle, J. M. Anderson, L. Y. Tite, and J. Porter. Hindmarsh-sqnare— Messrs. W. C. Buik, S. VThitmore, O. Smedley, J. M. Dowife, and W. D. Glyde. Port Adelaide— Rev. M. M. Dick, Messrs. T. Hichelmore, H. Ernee, R. Johnson, and J. Eal lantyne. Glenelg— Rev. C. Manthorpe, Mr. F. Caterer.! i Clayton Church— Kev. T. Hope, Mr. G. Wood. \- HSndmarah— Rev. J. McEwin, Messrs. Josiah Mitton and S. Smith. Gawler — Messrs. J. Davies and A. E. Deland. ' Port Victor, Goolwa, and Bald Hills— Rev. O. Hodge. Macdesfield— Rev. J. C. McMichaeL Milnng— Rev. H. Cbeetbam. Maclaren Vale — Rev. James Howie. .-Border Town— Rev. D. Milne. Salisbury— Rev. J. R. Fcrguseon. Alma atd Haroley Bridge — Rev. B. G. Atkin- - son, Messrs. J. Bell and Jo*. Bell. PBOOkESS RKfOBTS. The report of the half-yearly proceedings was ?read by Mr. JV J. Stuckey as follows : — ??Brethren — Tour committee present their interim report to the Council in the unusual circumstance of our gathering being in Adelaide instead of in one, of our country or suburban churches — a case which has- not occurred since 186*6*. .Xbey would take the opportunity of say ing at once that, itr is extremely desirable that, the ..half-yearly; meeting should be held in a suburban or country church, and the committee .would regret to see oar old custom fall into abeyance; bat unless the invitation should come from sucbr ar chnrch in snffieient time for due .preparation to be made, the committee will be obliged in Future to hold the meetings in Ade laice. Your committee would strongly recom mend the Council to fix the place of its half yearly meeting at .its annual gathering. Your, committee are al«o sorry' to find that with all: the increasing facilities for travel there is an increasing difficulty felt ia inducing friends in Adelaide to go far into the country — a fact to be deplored ia the interest of our country brethren, but which tbey suppose is to be accounted for by the increasing strain of com merrisl life in the metropolis. 'The Annual Meetings. — These were held in Adelaide from April the 1st to the 4th inclu sive, thus running over four days instead of the UMial three. Tht 'attendance of ministers and dt legates on these days was 59,158, 48, and 28 rei-prctiveiy ; the ckwicg service being appro priately devott d to the children, at which there w»s a px)d au*ndttnre of both young and old. ?Ait opinion irom this Conucil on the hours of aicetini; aiid length of time might not be un -?fiuiigasa guide to yonr committee in future arrangements for the annual meeting. ' The Committee. — The committee then elected by tht: Council has undergone a change from the fact of Mr. G. P. Hodge having been inadvertently elected by you after he had de clined the service, and your committee filled up the vacancy by electing Mr. Joseph Vardon to make up the full number. ' Grants.— -Daring tho half-year the following grants have bt-tn made to the following Churches, with the conditions here indicated; — Port Victor and Goolwa, £40, on condition of raising £160 ; Green'* Plains (for horse hire), £25; Hut land, £50, on condition of raising £120 ; Border Towo. £50, on condition of raising £120; PortPirjp, £1-K), 00 condition of raising £200 ; Maccltfcfield. £50 per cent, up to £150 raised by the Church ; Shipley, £S; Hamley Bridge, not f decided. - ,: ' ;. ? ? ?* Ministerial Supply and Changes.— In the annnol report the Rev. T. E- O. Mefi's departure from th« colony whs spokes of as imminent; and he has since lift its, aud settled at Prahraa = in Victoria ; but the vacant pastorate ha* been filled by the Rev. E. H. Scott, lately from Cbeshunt College. Thf Rev. A- Scales haa left us for Melbourne, and in potng ha* left a spice in the field of ministerial labour which will not er*ily be filled. Tke Rrv. A. Buchanan baa re turned to the scene of hi« former evangelistic work in Western Australia. To both these brfthrtn letters of commendation have been ' ' given by your committee to the Churches in tfce usighVoiubooda to which they have gone. The Rev. M. M. Whitton will leave the charge he has held at Gawlrr rince June, 1876, and proceed to Victoria at the esd of November. %be Cboreh at 'Gawler b*»e made « reauest to \- yont committee to render them aid 'in the 'supply of the pulpit until they can find a suit able sarcnaor to Mr. Whittoa. The com zcitfee of the Colonial Society in tendon have . o 1 tributed to the travelling expenses of two orethrf n well known ton h Soath Australia —the Rev. WillUm Wilson, who sailed in the Sf V Vincent about the end of August, and Mr. T. Searie, who his completed fats fall coarse at ' -IJew* Goltrge and sailed in tfce Hesperus on ?fept«nber 1. ? It i« hoped that both these brethren wjll Speedily find suitable openings fir labour in the MMtort cause ia thii colony. Ccrn-(ift;D«ience bus been carried on with t^vrrvl m:i-isteis in the neighbouring eokmit-* ftiti rltewhire; who wipre deiiirew of coming to Fo'»hv AusrraliH, but hitherto without any ..-Jefir.itfc,«*5lt_ ^.IheXiyPireaehers. — Tl'i^e gcntJemen h&ve; o i.tiDDeit their most importent work in the v? rioTi's places open to them, with much interest ar -l profit to tba pvople, and your commitUe h-ve drifted a set ct rales -which it is hoped tr.f y h-- tfcn iticbus of bringioc the whole body of onrlay proacliczs both in town and country iv*o hitrinr.tiicusco-vger&tion.; *' PrpntntioE*.— .Tbe committees hare sent dfputatioiis to Churches seaming to require pi -h fri^niJly ai£ in ernergencie* that have »»'»fn. The first -?sb* w*« ihevinitof the Rev. i1 It, Ffrguson to Gr«-n'* PWo«, which ce sulted in the maintenance of public worship and Christian ordinances in that place with the valued help of what was really the mother Church at Kadins, Mr. Ferguson's intimate acquaintance wiih the place and people ren dered him a singularly fitted agent for such a work. In the second cane, oar experienced townsman Mr. Smedley went over to Alma and HanJey Bridge, and your committee believe that a Eatiafaccory result followed, and that his presence was greatly valued by the friends in those places. ' Openings for Evangelistic Work. — The friencs interested in the formation of a new Christian organization at College Park have taken a very decided step in advance in calling for tenders for the building on a socnewhat re duced scale, and finally deciding on that of Mr. J. \\\ ark for the sum of £3,762. The building operations are now fairly commenced, and the church may be erpected to be ready by the nndole of next year. The work is of so great importance that it should call forth all the praj erf ulness and all the energy that the Con gregational body can employ to bring it to a successful issue, aod it should engage our devoutest prajerfuluess that the Shepherd and Bishop of our Churches may guide wisely and holily the hearts of all concerned in this effort to extend our borders. 'Miscellaneous, (a).— The property at Koorinca so long held and so little ustd by us denomina tionally, having been applied for on lease tor secular purposes, your committee finding tneiu eelves unable to let it in such a way otfered it to the S. A. Mining Association, under whom they held it, and have agreed to surrender all claim to it for the sum of £1UJ. It is expected that this transfer will be shortly effected, aud the money received, (bj. A friend at Stirling East having offered to your cemmitteea piece of land about half an acre in extent for church purposes your committee gladly accepted Mr. league's offer, and steps are being taken for the legal transfer oi the land for the use of the denomina tion. The census which your committee have endeavoured to obtain is still incomplete. Some Churches explicitly decline to fill up the form gent to them, and others have not re turned the paper at all, so that the matter, important as your committee con ceive it to be, still remains unfinished. (c). The Year-book will not be printed for the year 1880, but it is fully expected that steps will be taken for its publication in 1&S1; in auch a form as to be lesa costly than the preceding publications have been, and yet to preserve its usefulness unimpaired, (d). The committoa of the Kew South Wales Union having sought the presence of any members of this Council who may be visiting that colony during the present season, your committee have delegated Mr. T. W. Harris to represent us at any meetings at which be may be present, (e). The Congrega tional Union of Tasmania intending to hold a jubilee of the introduction of Congregationalism into Australasia about March, 1S60, h3Ve asked the co-operation of this Uuion therein. Your committee have given a general answer to their enquiries on the matter, and the committee have referred the decision of the whole case to the wisdom of this Council at its present meeting. ' Lay Preachers' Association. — The following draft rules for organizing Lay Preachers' As sociations, local and general, were adopted at the last meeting of the Committee of the Congrega tional Union : — 1. That each of the city and suburban Churches be requested to organize a band of lay preachers jto undertake Christian work in its own neighbourhood. 2. That a Ceiitral Lay Preachers' Association be formed, consisting of the members of all the local As sociations, membership in one of these looal Societies entitling to membership in the Central Association. 3. That the Central Association shall elect its own Secretary, who ahall keep a list of all the members, and shall furnish a copy of such list and a report of the work that is beiug undertaken at the annual and half-yearly meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission. 4. That each of the Churches shall send a notice of any changes in or additions to the roll of ita own Association to the Secretary of the central body. 5. That a quarterly meeting of the Central Association be held, when such preaching appointments may be made as are not provided for by the local Associations. 6\. That the country Churches be encouraged to tend from time to time to the Secretary of the Central Association a list of their own lay preachers, together with a statement of the work which is being done, and that the roll of such lay preachers be published in the Year book.' Church Extension. — The sub-committee's report on Chnrch extension is as follows : — '1. We think that the question of a ministerial agent should be postponed for the present. 2. We recommend that the ministers and office bearers of our Churches should exert themselves to bring forward young men to enter Union College as students for the ministry, it being felt that the efforts of a mioisterial agent would to a very large extent be ineffective unless there was a supply of young men ready to eccupy the positions as they were opened. 3. We would recommend, however, that meanwhile the com mittee should take steps to provide that all assisted Churches should, if they are willing, be visited not more often than once a year by a delegate from the committee.' The report on tbe ' students' was as follows : — ' One young man, Mr. Palmer, presiuttd him- self before the committee as a candidate for admission to Union College as a student assisted by uo. He paused the preliminary examinations with credit, and. has been engaged in study during the year. Oar delegates to Uuion College report favourably as to his progress. We hope that the Churches will soou make thc acquaintance of Mr. Palmer in their various pulpits, and that many others will soon follow in his pathway. We ought to aim at having six students at least in training in different stages of their courses, and as the course lasts for three years that would give us two students to enter upon their work each year.' The reports were received, and it was decided that it should be left to the committee to make all arrangements for holding the next annual meeting. A resolution was also carried ' that this Uuion expresses its sympathy with the proposal to hold a jubilee of Congregationalism in Tasmania, and trusts that when tbe time comes the Union will be able to be repre ?ented.' ' Some disenraion also took place on points raised in the report, which was ultimately received on the motion of the Bev. Mr. Hope. rn*AKCB. Mr. W. O. Rtnx read the report of the Finance Committee, and staled that owing to certain Churches, which had not paid their usual grant, tbe accounts were not in such a satis factory state as was expected. The conimitUn! began the year with a balance in hand of £45 7«. Id, and £182 18s. Dd. had been ivcvivtd up to date, making a total of £230 lfw. lid. The dis bursements had been — Granta for th-- first six months, £91 15s. ; other expenses, £6'1 Ids. ; making a total of £153 Us , leaving a balance of £53 7s. lid. Owing to the usual subscriptions not baring been received from the Churches they had been obliged to keep back certain grants to Churches amounting to £91 5=. The report was received. THE 3IAGA.ZISB. Report showed that the assets amounted to £156 and the liabilities to £t53 3s. About £50 was in arrears from last year's subscriptions. An agreement was made with the Presbytery in 1S75 that that body should be associated with the magazine and that a certain portion of the magazine should be devoted to Presbytery matters ob consideration that it should be responsible for S50 copies of the magazine. The number of Presbyterian subscribers, how ler, did not nearly reach 350, and representa tions had been made to the Presbytery, but without any result. The cammittee felt that tie present state of affairs should come to an end, and that the committee should have power to set in the matter. Tbe committee's request was agreed to, Mr. J. F. Conigrave, the manager of the_ magazine resigned hi» position, and_the question of the appointment of a new manager was referred to the Genernl Committee. Avor-e of thanks was passed to Mr. Conigrave for his past services as manager of the I r.dtptndent . nnos CMutae. The Bev. W. K. Flbtchbs re»«l the report of Union College,' as follows: -u During the year which is now in progress the work of Union College has bten carried on with unusn--U vigour under the new methods of procedure which were inaugurated last aut'irun. The course of instruction has been framed on the basis of a ministerial education, and an attempt u being maue to provide far rooro fully th.in heretofore for the requirements of a rising ministry. This has les-H'ced the nnmbc-r of the students, but has increased Use work of the ProfeCTors. We have only four students in tbe Colltge, which is asma.ll bat a satisfactory be^in« cin^: ; ose of these students beloDgs to the Bible Christians, two to the Presby terians, and one to ourselves (Mr. Palmer). The classes being mainly held in the daytime, lay students have ody enrolled themselves for attendance in one clas*. viz., that tor the study of practical homiletics. These yoang men are doing good service by their earceat preachiDg of the Go«pel. During the year a programme of aa additional scheme of study and examination b&» been issued for the gmdect? not attending lectures. We trust by this means to do something to rai=-? the (=tacdard of rr;iiii-t«ri!i] eScieccy. not only acioiig onr associated O.enonxin&tio;'*, but Mnonj; others as well. Your delegates hwe attended tbe meetics:s of tbe committee with Drsiee werthy irgiilsrity, and hnve given earnest at tention to the ditHcalt acd delicate matters which have ccme before us in arranging the fonud«ion- priririple3 of College work and in maaxpirg the Seance*. Personally as a Pro fessor I can speak cordially and hopefully of the progrvP* and real of our friend Mr. Palmar, and can enly express the hope that we had (rich n;or-- aroorg us. We ought not to rest till we have »t !«wt six students in connection with onr Churches, two of whom leaving the Colleire e»ery year would easily find their fitting loca tion among our Churches or in fresh fields of «Kigeiistical labour.' Mr. Fletcher then ex plained at length the operations of the College during the year and the proposed programme. The report was received. CHATKI. HCII.I-n*0 SOCIETY. The Congregational Chapel Building Society reported that arrangements h&d; been made to grai.t a loan of £250 to the Border Town Church, to be repaid in twelve years. A loan of £200 had been accepted by the Port Pirie Church for seven years. After comparing the advantages offered by various Building Societies, the committee had decided that one of the Adelaide Permanent. Societies offered the necessary facilities. At the request of Olaytou Church the term of the loan of £150 on the schoolroom had been extended to March 31, l?50. The Chnrch at Port Victor purposed paj ing £50 off their loan of £300 by the same date. The chapel at Wallaroo was still used as a schoolroom, and had been transferred by the Society. Correspondence had token place respecting the chapel at Kingston, the Chris tian body which had cot been able to secure a minister wishing to be released from paying rent. A proposition h:ul beeu made to the Kadina Church with a view to assisting th-.-:n iu gtttiiiz rid of their long-standinp liability to the Society eo that the loan of £2.30 might be cleared off in seven year* ; £5U of the Clayton Koberts Fund had been drawn out ef the Savings Bank and placed on good security for a short term at a higher rate of interest. The report was received. CHTECn TRFST-DEED. In conrection with this subject, which w-.s discussed la*t year, the Kev. J. li. FeR'3C...» proposed that a letter should be sent to the couLtry Churches, asking them to consider the desirability of transferring their properties from the bands of the present trustees to the Union. He suggested that this shonld be done with a view) of ^decreasing '.the liability of properties beiug lost in consequence of the changing and expiry of trusteeships. Tbe Union being a per manent body, the property legally committed to its care would be safe. A discussion followed, in which a general expression of approval was given at such a letter being sent to the country Churches. It was decided that the letter should be referred to the committee, and that after certain additions liad been made to it a copy should be sent to country Churches. THE P.KV. H. CHEHTHAM. The EevsW. K. Fj.btchrb moved—' That thi9 Council acknowledges the hand of God in pre serving for so many years of ministerini labour our venerable friend the Rev. H. Cheetham, and instruct* the committee to take such steps as may be deemed most suitable to commemorate the jubilee of his ministry, which will take place in the month of December next.' He thought ithat aa the Anglicans had celebrated the jubilee of Dr. Short's ministry, and tho Bible Christians that of the Rev. Mr. Way, they ought also to commemorate tho anniver sary of the fiftieth year of the ministry of their Waterloo veteran. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr. McMiciiael seconded, and the motion was carried with applause. CHTECH FIKAITCB. Mr. C. Sitkdlbt made a few remarks on this subject, in which he pointed out the difficulty of suggesting schemes for the management of Church finances, as the same system of managing the finances of one Church might not suit another. One of the best-managed Churches in the colony was the North Adelaide, and if any one wanted any information on the sabject he had no doubt the deacons would be willing to give it. The Rev. T. Hope and Messrs. J. J. Gilkks and J. J. Stcckby also spoko. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Smedley. Torso mbk'b societies. The Rev. W. R. Fletchbb delivered an address on this subject, and began by referring to the favourable reception these Societies had had from old and yoang. Young Men's bocieties were the outgrowth of the tendencies cf modern youth. They afforded young men au opportunity of improving themselves and of indulging in their love of society in a healthy manner. The Society was a sort of exerclsing ground for youthful talent — writing and think ing. They also stimulated intelligence and the spirit of enquiry, kept the members out of n.ijchief, were a practice- ground for youthful ellort and for the nascent talent of a community. It had been urged that these Societies produced a kind of shallow knowledge, but a little was better than nothing. Then it was stated that the Societies tended to produce ]- quacity rather than eloquence, and that they were founded on a refined selfishness. There was some truthfulaesa in the last objection, and any tendency towards selfishness should be checked by establishing a higter mutual happiness. Classes should be formed, aud really useful work placed before the members. He thought that, see ing the benefits that resulted from Yoang Men's Societies, older men should make some sacrifices and encourage them .by their presence and co operation. A discussion followed, in which several gentlemen expressed their conviction* of the usefulness of such Societies. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Fletcher for his address. THE CIIEIBTIAH SABBATH. Mr. A. Guhe read a paper on this subject, and began by showing that the seventh day had been found all over the world aa the best for men to rest from their work. Iu France a longer period of ten days had been adopted, but etforta were made to get back to the shorter period. Then, the Sabbath tended to smooth down the inequalities of social life. The speaker then went on to, prove by quotations from the Bible that the Sabbath was of divine appointment. In conclusion, he showed th« perpetual obligation that the Sabbath had upon Christians, lie hoped the Union would endorse his view that the Christian Sabbath was a beneficent institution of divine appointment and perpetual obligation. Sir. J. M. Dowib spoke at length iu support of preserving tho Sabbath in its integrity. The Rev.W.K. Fletcher, while agreeing with all the remarks of Mr. Gore, protested against tho question being put to the vote. Several other gentlemen also spoke on the subject. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Gore. The proceedings then terminated. 