POLITICAL CHANGES IN FRANCE. One immediate effect of the recent French crisis is a sensation of relief. The resignation of Marshal MacMahon had become a kind of political bugbear. At frequent intervals, ever since the Repub lican victory of 1877, its probability has been either broadly stated or obscurely hinted at. Behind that event there were supposed to lurk a crowd of evils. France has been accustomed to associate with change of rulers confusion and disturbance. Hence the resignation of the Marshal has sometimes been referred to as a menace, and at others dreaded as a calamity. The pos sibility constituted a source of perturba tion the removal of which is a sensible relief. The ex-President had shown of what he was capable by the events which make the 16th of May a historical date. His disposition and probable action were important elements that had to be taken into account by the party of progress, and imposed upon them a consider able amount of anxiety, sometimes involving a good deal of embarrass ment. Now that he has retired into private life a [cause of apprehension has been got rid of, the pressure of which — like certain kinds of personal trouble — was never fully realized till it was over. Although the Marshal was outwardly treated with respect and confidence, he never inspired the nation with the sense of security that lies at the basis of tran quillity. It has been remarked that many Frenchmen were more B\irprised at his going without a coup d'etat than at the fact itself, and this shows the tension that was generally felt. There is also a clear and great advantage in the abridgment of his term of office and the promptitude with which his successor was chosen. November 20, 1880, was a date to which already attention was being directed with considerable misgiving. At that time the Septennate would have expired and a i.e-w election would become necessary. Had the Marshal continued in office, as the time drew nearer there must necessarily have been an increase of party agitation. It would have been felt all the while that the successes of constitutional government were only tentative, and that the Republic was yet on its trial. By the election of M. Grevy for a period of seven years a whole host of complications, rivalries, and perplexities that threatened the near future have been suddenly swept away. There is now a protracted period during which the consolidated and harmonious forces of the Republic may safely pursue their chosen path of peaceful progress, with no other difficulties than ordinarily arise in the working of free institutions. Perhaps the most significant and at the same time one of the moat satisfactory aspects of the recent changes is the deposition of the military element in the State. The late President was a soldier, but his successor is a jurisconsult, and M. Gambetta, who occupies an almost equally influential position, is an advocate. Law has taken the place of militarism. It turns out that a military question was the vital point in the crisis. Marshal McMahon, as it will be remembered, appointed General Gresley as Minister of War in opposition to General Favre, who was the candidate supported by M. Gambetta and others. The appointment of his old comrade seems to have been the fatal step. Evidence lias been accumu lated by the Republicans showing that the Monarchical element among the higher grades of the army was a cause of danger to the Republic. The state ment that a coup d'etat was Beriously contemplated by the Rochebouet Ministry is probably ah exaggeration, but there can1 be no doubt that hostility to the Republic extensively prevailed. The Cabinet therefore resolved on the removal oi certain Generals and the transfer of others to positions of less importance. General Gresley's adhesion to the pro posal was gained, but in the first instance the Marshal refused to sign the necessary decrees, repeating his threat of resigna tion if the course proposed was insisted upon. It was in fact demanding from him a surrender of army control. He is reported to have been excessively irritated at the idea of a civilian Government assuming the management of the army, and this strengthened his resolve not to abandon his old friends and comrades. His threat for once failed to produce the usual effect. The decrees were again formally pre sented for his signature, and he had no alternative between personal dishonour and abdication. The effect is that the military power has submitted to the civilian. In France this event is pecu liarly significant. The substitution of M. Grevy's grey coat and wideawake for the uniform of the Marshal-President means very much to people who are accus tomed to pay special attention to external insignia. Such an innovation is an en couraging omen. Military glory has been the ignis fatuus of France. It has over whelmed the nation with debt, drained it of its population, and plunged it in an abyss of humiliation. It was militarism that first inflated and then destroyed the First Republic The same principle over threw the second. The meii of the Third Republic — instructed by experience — have resolutely determined that the paid guardians of the State shall be its servants and not its masters. They have, at some risk, succeeded in carrying this idea into practice, and in the fact is to be found one of the strongest guarantees of the solidity of the present institutions. By the side of the election of M. GreVy as President and M. Gambetta as \Mb successor in the Chamber of Deputies the other changes are of minor impor tance. They are all parts of an har monious whole, and although the con dieting parties in the nation will doubtless continue their agitation, the Republic has gainedx immensely in strength and stability, M. Dufaure's retirement is a loss to the Government, but his great age is an ample justification, and the position taken by M. Waddington is eminently calculated to^satisfy foreign countries. It is a tacit intimation that the external policy of France will not be affected by its internal changes. The enlightened and pacific attitude maintained by the Minis ter of Foreign Affairs is a contribution to the tranquillity of Europe. At the same time the smoothness with which the machinery of the Constitution is found to have worked in circumstances of excep tional difficulty must tend to increase general confidence in its efficiency. It is a comparatively new thing tor the chief of the State to be changed without wide spread agitation. Past history shows that constitutional crises have usually proved insoluble except by the agency of revolutions. Republican organs point to the recent event as \ trium phantly vindicating the excellence of existing institutions. How different things would have been, it is said, if an hereditary sovereign had to be dealt with Whether they are right or not it is a good thing that they think so, for that which enhances the satisfaction of people with their form of government is calculated to promote order and contentment. It seems very likely that they are right, for very rarely has such a transference of power taken place with so much calmness, dignity, and promptitude. The Marshal did himself credit by the dignified manner in which he withdrew from a post he could no longer hold with satis faction and honour. Equally worthy of the occasion was the demeanour of the Legis lature. Immediately on the Marshal's message being read the Chambers as sembled to elect his successor. The scene which followed was full of a sub dued dramatic interest. Every member ascended and crossed the tribune to re cord his independent vote, but there was no noisy demonstration. The Left, in the hour of its final triumph, seems to have been impressed with the gravity of the occasion, and to have acted ac cordingly. The whole operation only occupied about four hours, so that the culmination and close of the crisis were made public almost simultaneously, and there was no opportunity for suspense or agitation. M. Gambetta's elevation to the Presidency of the Chamber is a well-earned honour, and will enable him to enforce more impressively than ever the doctrines of moderation he has lately so persistently urged. It is on some ac counts matter for regret that he is not a member of the Cabinet. He has been for so long the acknowledged leader of the majority that he ought to have shared in the responsibilities of office. His present position will not altogether prevent him from continuing a3 a kind of adviser general to the Government, though it will impose on him the necessity of observ ing strict impartiality in debate. If the one Presidency is to be a stepping-stone to the other he will have abundant opportunities of self- discipline. The position he has gained is a magnificent one for so young a man. At the age of forty he has almost attained the summit of human ambition. He is generally regarded as the future rulerof France. Few Frenchmenhave done more to shape the politics of the country. The moderation and wisdom of his counsels during the last two years have done much to conserve the strength of his party and elevate it to power. He has been borne on the crest of the wave, and it remains to be seen whether he and those who have acted with htm will prove as judicious in exercising as they have been patient in acquiring} the influential position they now possess. Hou3KBaEAXii»o. — It behoves suburban resi dents to be prepared for losses when they leave their property unguarded overnight. We are informed of & family in Parkside who left their home on Saturday last, intending to return on Monday morning. They were, however, apprised by a neighbour on the Sunday that their home had been entered during Saturday night, and on examining the premises found that a window pane had been cut with a diamond near the fastening and ingress obtained through the window. The effects had been overhauled, but as no money was left in the house the thief or thieves had' benefited very little, only taking a locked desk containing nothing of value to any one but tLe owner. An open drawer containing jewellery wag simply tumbled ovt-rand the valua bles left behind, in all probability for fear they might be iraceable. On the previous Saturday a near neighbour also bad his dwelling entered overnight by some means unknown to the owner. Such systematic robbery requires a ?harp lockout among householders. The Water Supply.— It is satisfactory to learn that the measures which were taken by the Commissioner of Public Works for pre serving the limited supply of water contained in the two reservoirs, combined with the cooler weather lately experienced, has had a beneficial effect. On Monday there was a depth of 30 feet ] inch of water in the Thorndon Park Reservoir, and of 7 feet in the Hope Valley Reservoir, which latter has not been drawn from for some time past. It is not true, as re ported in certain quarters, that a prohibition has been issued against the use of water in building operations, the only restriction besides the discontinuance of street and garden watering being that the working of hydraulic lifts has been stopped, as it was found that at Port Ade laide especially a great deal of water was used in this way. With the possibility of no rain falling for some time it is still necessary that care should be exercised in the consumption of water. Lectueb on Ephesc8. — To celebrate the opening of another session in connection with the Flinders- street Baptist Bible classes, a tea meeting waa held on Tuesday, April 1, and afterwards the Eev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., the pastor of the Church and the President of the senior class, delivered a lecture on 'Ephesus.' There was a large attendance, and at the meeting Mr. 11. C. Mitton presided. Mr. Meid visited Ephesus four years ago, and he was therefore able to speak from personal inspec tion of many of the ruins that now mark the site of the famous old city and of the wonder ful Temple of Diana which once stood near there. He mentioned that Mr. J. T. Wood and the authorities of the British Museum spent £16,000 in exploring . for the remains of the temple, which were not discovered till 1869 — just six years after Mr. Wood began his work. The most interesting parts of Mr. Mead's lecture were his description of the Temple and the image of Diana, and especially of the grand old theatre where the Apostle Paul undoubtedly stood when Demetrius had raised the hubbub agrinat him for preaching the gospel, and when Paul had to stand up and defend his conduct. This theatre was capable of seating over 50,000 people. Among the ruins were found inscriptions which unmistakably con firmed the authenticity of some of the New Testament records. The lecture was illustrated by several excellent diagrams and sketches drawn by members of the class, and by photo graphs and specimens collected by Mr. Mead. During the evening musical selections were rendered in good style by the Misses Marshall. K. Weller, Hughes, Charlton. and Everett, and Messrs. D. Williams, jun., and Charlton. Criminal Sittings. — The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued before His Honor the Chief Justice on Tuesday, April 1\. Andrew Richard Tomkins pleaded guilty to obtaining money under false pretences, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour ; Frederick Dixon pleaded guilty to three cb.-vrges of fraudulently uttering an order and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour, the sentences to run con currently ; (Alfred William Turner, alias Boyle, was convicted of horsestealing, and was sentenced to three years' hard labour, the sentences to run concurrently ; Robert Baldry, alias Travers. was convicted of larceny, and pleaded guilty to horsestealing. He was sentenced to seven years' hard labour for the first offence, and imprisonment for life for the second. He had been previously convicted four times, and acquitted once, as follows : — Larceny, two years, in 1551 ; horsestealing, 1S51, acquitted ; stabbing, cutting aud wounding, and robbing from 'the person, in 1852, sentence r' death recorded, but commuted ; breaking out of the Stockade, in 1855, one year's imprisonment; forging and uttering, in 1865, imprisonment for life. The case of Frederick House, charged with assaulting a constable, was adjourned till to-day, to allow time for the production of medii al evidence, he having set up insanity as a defence. Alfred Delavaux and Mary Delavaux were charged with an attempt to Bet fire to a dwelling-house, with; intent to defraud the Colonial Mutual Insurance Company. The male prisoner was found guilty, and the ferrale defendant acquitted. Judgment was deferred, to allow Mr. Downer an opportunity of moving the Full Court In the case of Charles Osborne, charged with stealing from a dwelling-house, which had been tried, and in which the Jury disagreed and were discharged, the Crown Solicitor entered a nolle ?proset/ui, as no additional evidence could be obtained. The cases on the list for to-day are : —James O'Conuel], burglary; Richard Sut cliffe, incendiarism ; James Starr, stealing from a dwelling-house ; Thomas O'Brien, assaulting a) police-constable ; Theodore Emil Argles, de manding money with menaces; Thomas Cur now,' embezzlement; Joseph Baker, stealing a rifle; Archibald Graham, assaulting a little girl ; Charles Evans, George Evans, and Samuel Evans, horsestealing ; Philip Brown Fox, false pretences ; William Francis, indecent assault ; Charles Jacobs, assault on the police ; Patrick Muhrhill, breaking into a store. The Court rose at 8.35, and adjourned till 9 a.m. to-day. Malicious Davagb. — We notice that the Government offer a reward of £10 for iuforma tion that will lead to the conviction of the fellows who broke several of the windows at the railway workshops a week since. Adelaide Philosophical Society. — At a meeting of this Society held on Tuesday eveLiug, April 1, there was a small attendance, Professor Tate being in the chair. The Hon Secretary announced that donations of the following books had been made to the Society during the mouth : — ' The True Theory of the Earth and Philosophy of the Predicted End,' by an anonymous author ; ' Observations at the Adelaide Observatory for July, 1878 f aud several copies of Dr. Schomburgk's ' Annual Report upon the Botanic Garden.' Professor Tate mentioned that be would like at an early date to supplement the information which had already appeared respecting his recent journey to Eucla, but Mr. U. N. Bagot suggested that some information upon the subject of artesian wells would be iHterestiug. Professor Tate thought that those who wished to obtain infor mation upon this subject should pay for it. It was not within the province of a Society such as that to furnish information upon subjects which were treated upon in elementary works. Most of the members possessed that elementary smattering, at least. The Hon. Secretary then read Mr. Otto Tepper's paper upon ' The Rocks and Cliffs at Ardrossan,' of which the following abstract has been furnished by the author: — ' The cliffs consist of the surface soil, a sandy or adhesive red clay, limestone conore timip, alternate clays and gravels showing f Use beddiDg, and variegated red-and-white iirgilli ceous sandbank. They are from 50 to 80 fe3t high, perpendicular, and, especially the lower portion, strongly impregnated with saline ia gredieute, thus in a great measure accounting for the saltness of the well water. The few and fragmentary fossils contained in this last stratum are the same as those of the next suc ceeding, which has been termed the ' Turritella Grit*,' from its most characteristic fossil, Turritella Aldingre (Tate), occurring in it in immense numbers, and proving its age to be Lo^er Miocene or Upper Eocene, the oldest Tertiary rock hitherto discovered in the colony. \ Th^se grits overlie conformably several beds of clay, &c;, and abound in marine forms of life, such as oysters, sea-urchins, &c.; These, again, overlie a fespathic sandstone and other rocks (nnbonformably), which rest, also anconfor mably, upon fine-grained, yellowish or pink sac^haraid limestones (Ardrossan marbles), which may prove to be splendid ornamental building material. The latter is easily obtained. Other rocks occurring in the vicinity of Ardros san; are ferruginous shales, mica, slate, and horbblecde-shists, tthe latter in immediate proximity to granite, apparently intrusive.' A short discussion ensued. CpUGHBGATIOJfAL UNION OF SotTH ACS TR4LIA. — The annual meetings in connection witfe thiB Union were opened at Btow Church on Tuesday, April 1. A very hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring Chairman* the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., for his services during the year, special mention being made of two very able addresses he delivered during his term of office. The Rev. J. McEwin, of Hind marsb, was elected Chairman for the current year, and (the rule having been altered to allow of the Chairman being chosen a year before hand in future; Mr. Augustine Stow was unani mously elected Chairman of the Union for the year 1880-1. Mr. Stow (who is a son of the late Eev. T. Q. Stow) will be the first layman who has occupied such a position in South Australia. At the evening meeting the Rev. J. McEwin delivered the usual Chairman's address. The meetings are expected to occupy fonr days. Yiivz. at thr Skmaphobb. — Mr. Rice, whose rinkiug enterprise is now very well known and equally appreciated, has opened a resort for the enjoyment of this amusement at the Semaphore. The Erst gathering was at Mrs. Norris's Rooms, on Tuesday night, April 1, when some good rinkiog practice was indulged in, to the gratifica tion of the onlookers. Thb Cttt Drainage.— The plans for the main sewer for the drainage of the city will be completed in about a week by the Hydraulic Engineer, and tenders will be then called for carrying out the work. A short time ago a manufacturer of earthenware raiding at Bal larat, who was on a visit to this colony, took home with him a quantity of Seuth Australian clay, of which he made samples of pipes and for warded them for the approbation of Mr. Oswald Brown. They are said to be of a superior descrip tion, but of comso it will depend on the prices asked when fenders are called whether they will be employed in the drainage works or not. iNnuKGiNa Haeiwck Rbociations. — Con- cerning the police prosecution of David Green lees and Matthew Loftus, for shipping timber from the Commercial Stepa contrary to the harbour regulations, we have been informed that Mr. Wallace applied to the Government to remit the fine of £5 inflicted upon them, an they were employes of contractors obeying Government instructions in so doing. The Chief Secretary, in reply, has stated that the whole fine will be remitted. Bcrra Ankcal Races.— These races, which took place on April 1, were not as well attended as last year, and the contests were more con fined to local horses. The weather was all that could be desired for outdoor sport, and a very n joy able day was spent. Iole won the Maidens, Thane the Handicap, Little Darkie the Steeple hase, and Countryman the Town Plate. A ack race and a hurryskurry wound up tne meeting, both being won by Swagman. A protest was entered against that horse getting the hack kiakes, on the ground that he is not a hack. It was not, however, decided. Chubch of England at thb Semaphore. — The church which has been erected by membent of the Anglican communion at the Semaphore will be used for public worship for the first time on Sunday next, on which occasion Canon Fair, who has returned from a diocesan tour, will officiate. The formal opening of the church is, we understand, to take place when the neces sary preliminaries under the regulations of the Diocese are completed and the Buhop is able to name a Sunday whin his engagements will per mit him to open in person. Equity Coukt. — His Honor the Primary Judge sat in Equity on Tuesday, April 1. Iu the matter of the Parara Mining aud Smelting Company, Limitt d, the Hon. C. Mann,' for the petitioners, stain I that it had stood over to allow the Company, for whom his learned friend Mr. Gwynne appeared, to wind np its affairs voluntarily, and the first meeting had been called for that purpose, and now he asked the Court to allow the matter to stand over for three weeks longer. Granted. The petition in re the Yelta Mining Company was also post poned till after the hearing in Giles v. Wool dridge — probably Friday. His Honor Baid as to the petition in the matter of the South Aus tralian United Vineyards Company, Limited, that be would not take it, as he had an interest in the Company, but his learned colleague Mr. Justice Boucaut would hear it. The bearing in re Giles v. Wooldridge on motion for decree occupied the attention of the Court for the remainder of the -iay. The reading of the bill and answer and the evidence took nearly four hours, after which the Court adjourned till half -past 10 o'clock this morning. The counsel engaged are Mr. Symon with Mr. Stuart for the plaintiff; and the Hon. C. Mann, Q.O., with Mr. Wigley for the defendant. Ship ok Firb. — The barque Ganymede, which was loading wheat at Port Pirie, was seriously damaged by fire ou Tuesday, April 1, as she lay at the Government wharf. The fire, which is said to have been caused by the upsetting of a kerosine lamp in the lazaret te, spread very swiftly, and the whole of the afterpart of the vessel, judging from our telegrams, is a perfect wreck. She bad a considerable quantity of wheet on board belonging to Messrs. Darling and Son, the half of which has been spoiled by the action of both fire and water. The Gany mede is an irou vessel, and has been in service tor eleven years. She has been to Port Adelaide two or three times, but her last trip to this colony was direct to Wallaroo from Melbourne, having been engaged to load wheat there. Entertainment at Hindmarsh.— On Mon day, March 31, a concert was given in the Iusti \- ute, Hindmarsh, in connection with the Bow den Tyro Cricket Club. In the absence of Mr. C. O. Kingston, who had promised to preside, Mr. John Pickering, sen., presided. A lengthy programme, consisting of vocal and instrumental music, recitations, and the laughable extrava ganzas entitled ' Joe's Ghost' and ' The Wig makers,' was carried out by Misses Sweet (2) and O'Sullivan, and Messrs. F.P. Townsend, S. Evans, A. E. Sbawyw, Sharp, P. Shaw, W. Han cock, Batch, and G. Gurr, Mr. A. Puddy acting as pianist. Tub Tothill's Creek Affrat. — We quote the following from the Kapunda Herald : — 'John O'Donnell, Patrick O'Donnell, William O'Donnell, and Michael Cummins were brought up before Messrs. Jamea White and Jenkin Colee, Justices, on Friday morning, March 28, charged with assaulting Corporal Mahoney and Troopers Brown and Quaile. Mr. Benham ap peared for the prisoners, who bore the marks of the recent affray. The troopers also were cut about a good deal, especially Trooper Brown, who seemed to have had most attention paid to him. On the application of the Corporal the prisoners were all remanded till next day, bail being refused, although applied for. On Satur day morning the prisoners were again brought up before Messrs. Nock, Coles, and White, Jus tices. Mr. W. Y. Smith, with Mr. Benham, appeared for the prisoners. The trial was a long, tedious one, lasting from 10.30 to 6 p.m., with a slight intermission for refreshment. .The three ODonuells were committed for trial to the Supreme Court, as was also Cummins on a similar charge. During the course of the pro ceedings Mr. Smith took occasion to denounce in strong terms the fact ot the prisoners being handcuffed whilst before the Court, stating that in uo other British Court had he ever wit nessed prisoners brought into Court in ma nacles. Trooper Mahoney said be considered such a precaution uecessary after the violent manner in which the prisoners had acted. We must say that, except in extreme cases, we agree with Mr. Smith. Bnt whilst we agree with Mr. Smith in this, we cannot compliment him on the manner iu which he conducted the cases ; to say the least, he was in many instancen coarse, rude, and impertinent to the witnesses and to the Bench, as well as to Trooper Mahoney, who was conducting the prosecu tion. His style stood out in striking contrast to that of his 'junior learned friend,' as In; was pleased to call Mr. Benham. The Court was crowded during the whole day, and great in terest was manifested in the result of the pro ceedings. There is just one other thing we wish to allude to, and it is this : Daring the trial it was brought out in the evidence that the troopers were dancing with the crowd in the hotel till after 12 o'clock at night. Now we tbink this was most improper. We have no doubt it was done without a thought, but it was decidedly wrong, aud we do not wonder the counsel for the defence made such a strong point of it. The troopers were there for a specific purpose— that of maintaining peace and good order ; it could scarcely be said that they were maintaining the majesty of the law whilst waltzing in the ball-room. With the exception of this slip we consider the police behaved most exemplary, and that the assault was a most un provoked one. The same four prisoners were brought up on Monday on a charge of resisting and assaulting the police on the night of the 26th, on the occasion of Troopers Mahoney, Quaile, and Brown arresting them for the first assault. They were all committed for trial to the Supreme Court.' Assault on thb Polick at Wallakoo.— The 1*. P. Advertiser of April 1 gives the following particulars of a serious disturbance which took place between wrne (tailors and the police at Wallaroo on Thursday evening, March 27: — ' The men had been drinking and got fighting among themselves at the Wallaroo Inn, and Constables Donnegan and Cullinan. at the instigation of the landlady, attempted to clear the bar, when they were attacked by several of the sailors and very roughly handled, Donnegan especially being much cut with a knife and otherwise knocked about. Subsequently, on attempting to arrest the men, Lance-corporal Smith was also severely handled, and the aa»ia tacce of Messrs. Bews, Burton, Frick, G«pp, Beaton, Brock, and Young had to be obtained before the men could be taken into custody. Constable Dounegan was so severely injured that ho had to be removed to the Hospital, and could not appear on Friday to give evidenoe. The prisoners were brought np on remand on March 31, when Constable Donnegan and Mr. Biock gave evidence, and they were all com mitted to take their trial at the next sitting* of the Supreme Court.' Fihb at Orhoroo.— The Kapunda Jltrald reports that Mr. J. F. Schramm, formerly of Kapunda, has had his house and furniture at Orroroo totally destroyed by fire. Neither the house nor furniture was insured. , ^ Mb. Blair's Lectures.— Mr. D. Blair gave ?the fourth of his series of lectures in the Town Hall Refreshment-room on Tuesday evening, April 1. The lecturer began by saying that the subject of the lecture was ' The Secret of the Kingdom of God,' and this secret consisted in the words which Jesus told Nicodemua on his nightly visit to the Saviour when he asked 'what he should do to be saved,' and was answered with startling abruptness 'that ex cept a man be born again he cannot see the Kingdom of Heaven.' The secret lay in the verb ' see,' and they muse lay an emphasis on that word. Poets had spoken of another eye other than their optics, which they termed the ' inner eye,' and it was by their inner eye that they could see the Kingdom of Heaven. It was not necessary that a man should be of a poetical disposition that he should pos sess this inner eye, but au ordinary business iran possessed an innate sense which lifted him above the world around him. If a man did not possess this inner sense he could not be a ChristiaD,' for he could have no idea of the beauties of heaven. He was like Peter Bell in Wordsworth's poem, to whom ' a primrose by the river-side' was only a weed — a dull yellow weed, for he had ne sense of its beauty. The unbeliever could not see the Kingdom of Heaven, for he did not possess this inner eye, and to him the secret of the Kingdom of Heaven was not revealed. A sharp distinction was thus drawn between these two classes — between the one to whom the secret was revealed and the other to whom it was not. Then Christ did not con descend to answer the second question of Nico -knms as to how a man could be born again, but He raised the first statement a degree higher by statiDg that ' except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.' The lecturer then pro ceeded to trace the gradual development of the Kingdom of Heaven, and pointed, out how that St. John's one theme was, ' Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand.' How Christ had preached the same words, and how He hid also sent His disciples out into the world to proclaim the same thing, and bow this threefold proclamation had startled all the world. He then went on to refer to the opposing kingdom that had at once sprung up against Christ, of the temptations to which the Saviour was exposed, but which He so grandly resisted. Mr. Blair then spoke of the principles of the Kingdom of God as shown in the parables, and advised the young Christian not to be arrogant or puffed up with pride ; and in conclusion he spoke of the great cry of science nowadays, but pointed out that the Kingdom of God in cluded the kingdom of science, and referred to the final and speedy manifestation of the coming of Christ. CONGREGATIONAL CHAPEL BCILDIMG SOCIETY. — The annual meeting of this Society was held in the Stow Church Lecture Hall on Tuesday afternoon, April 1. The Bev. F. W. Cox pre sided. From the report, which was adopted on the motion of the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., seconded by Mr. J. J. Stuckey, M.A^ it appeared that the principal matter that had occupied the attention of the Committee during the year had been the claim of the Society on Clayton Church through the generous arrangement made by the late Mr. Roberts. The report stated that ' when the money was advanced at the time of building the chapel it was agreed by the Church that it should be repaid by annual collections, to be handed over to the Chapel Building Society. The first payment was made in 1859, and they had been continued in varying amounts since. After going into the whole matter the Committee agreed to accept an im mediate payment of £150, and the proceeds of one more annual collection in final settlement of the claim. Both these amounts had been received, and the £150 would be kept separate until the original balance was made up by accumulated interest, when it would come into the general funds. This settlement would reduce the estimated assets of the Society to the extent of nearly £220. Several applications for loans had been before the Committee, and were yet pending. The Committee had also been considering the practicability of making u.se of the facilities Building Societies offered for assisting the Churches in more easily paying off loans, and at the same time giving extra j-ecurity to the Society. The present value of the Society's funds (after making the deductions above mentioned) was— Loans, £720 ; Savings Bank, £150; Bank of South Australia, £321; properties valued at £550; interest and rent -ine, £70 ; cash in hands of late Secretary, £131 ; total, £1,942.' Messrs. H. Dean, J. M. Anderson, and J. Tasker were re-elected members of the Committee, and Mr. T. W. Harris and the Hon. L. Glyde, M.P., were also placed en the Committee. Mr. D. Robin and Mr. G. Scrym gour, jun., were re-elected Auditors. SOUVENIRS OF THE PARIS EXHIBITION. — It will be remembered that the several Commis sioners to the Paris Exhibition were presented with large photographic likenesses of H.R.H. the Prince of 'Wales. Most of these were given in England, but His Excellency the Governor, Mr. C. Peacock, M.P., Mr. D. Murray, J.P., aud Mr. W. Kay, J.P., received their copies by the last mail, not having been present at the time of the distribution. Benevolent and Stranger's Friend Society. — The Committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting on Tuesday, April 1, at the Church Office ; Hon. J. Colton in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £4 5s. Id. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the past month, amounted to £12 4b. 6d., being to relieve twenty-seven cases. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emer gency during the ensuing month. Railway Siding at Stockadb Quarry.— A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Honey and Jlunn, on behalf of the Port Adelaide Stone Quarry Company, waited upon the Commis sioner of Public Works on Tuesday morning, April 1, to request the Government to carry out their agreement with the Company, and extend the line of rails from the Stockade Quarry into the adjoining section, a distance of about 10 chains. The deputation pointed out that if the request were ' complied with it would be beneficial not only to Port Adelaide, but to the adjoining townships. The Commissioner, in reply, said he had lately received a communica tion from the Sheriff, who was of opinion that the work would be impracticable on account of the difficulties that might arise through the men emplojed on the line mixing with the oouvict labour, and therefore he (the Commis sioner) could give little hopes of the wish of the deputation being acceded to. He, however, in compliance with the wish of the Sheriff and the Chairman of the Company, would visit the place to see what could be done. The deputation thanked the Commissioner and withdrew. North Park Football Club. — The annual general meeting of the North Park Football Club was held on Monday evening, March 31, at Mr. Grafe's, King William-street. About 30 members were present. Mr. F. Johnson occupied the chair, and congratulaied the club on the position it held at the close of the past season, having played sixteen matches, of which twelve were won, two drawn, and two lost. The following gentlemen were elected to fill the various offices for the coming season: — President, Mr. W. H. Sharland; Vice- Presidents, Dr. Charles Gosse, and Messrs. D. Kekwick, F. S. C. Driffield, H. Bellingham, Thomas Johnson, and W. Ballantyne ; Captain, Mr. D. J. Kekwick ; Vice-Captain, Mr. R. Osborne ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. W. H. Sharland, jun. ; Committee, Messrs. F. Beetson, T. H. Robin, P. Robin, R. C. Sharland, F. Barringer, and W. Kekwick. About twenty new members were proposed, and after votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring officers and the Chairman, the meeting terminated. DBAr-B&s;' Assistants. — The annual meeting of the Adelaide retail drapers' assistants will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. Bicycling. — The vulgar expression of ' Shanks's mare,' to signify the means which Nature has given us for effecting our own pro- gress, has lately acquired (says Mayfair) new significance. The Board of Inland Revenue has offered young officials who are willing to use this animal an allowance for its keep over and above the annual salary of its owner. The statement seems so strange that it re- quires explanation, but the explana- tion is very simple. Several of the young revenue officials have taken to bicycling, and find they can get along quicker and with less fatigue than on horseback. But an item in their salary was 'allowance for a horse,' and they petitioned the authorities to continue the pay for hay and oats, though the bicycle only consumed oil. The request was very properly granted, and the collection of revenue associated in France with a cocked hat and a sword will in future be associated here with a big wheel and a little one. O* Mr. James H. Parr requests special attention to hit Sale, Tins Bay, itt 12 o'clock, in White's Rooms. Adelaide, of a number of Valuable City and Suburban Properties for Mr. Bicbd. Vanghan 