Arcfebishop Vaughan at Balmaiu. Os Sunday afternoon, at West. Balmain, lu the presence of 1000 persons, his Grace Archbishop Vnurtaulaidthe fonndaSon-stoue of a new Catholic school. TLo new build ™& T^ch is cal'vble ot enlargement, will accommodate oWJ? children , ; Archbishop J.nglinH. prior, to laying the foundation Stone, addressed the sntherfnms follows :-It w.sonly iha ?other day that I had the CTatiflcation of layinRtbe founda tion-stone of a school at Forert Iiods-e— where, id a few minutes mm were sul^eribed-uefore the end of this Month I shall l-caouethe ean-«! for the great Bchools at SarUnehuiHt. au- how I *«. here, jn the jnidat of our OathoUc worljag men, j«rt about to perform the same jcereinony fir Father Dillou ; aud, I cuupoue, to say coma few woMf upon tin all-absorbing topic of Catbolio ndiies - tion. And, fuU of all, I must exraeiss to voil my unrciffucd delight, at beiDg In Hie midst ot Volt tuiseveiifiur. Hook upon you, tlje Catholic working^ea .jftlu' district, with eyes aud reeling of especial sVmpithv andadtuiration. You know (hat if yen Were trar'elliuir iii TLorksbiro, and you besou totell a YorkBhireicauhow nucb vou admired Mr. So- aud-so. tftat Yorkshireman would at -jnce turn upon you slinu- niid ask— What did he give you 'I Sow, what is it tliut you havo giveu me, to compel nie to spsaJcof you m (lit terine in which I have spoken ? I will Mil you: you have given me the oonsd-iUsMSs tflat the wsry poorestof onr neonle dogbm«i timf \v\\\h nafi^iin Dn;nr. which shows itself in rout »h(i noble' works. You, the Catholic people of Balmnin, you are descended from a raoe wnioli his M-er loved faith better than life and which poiacttses au innate eenerositj- which iB, .IthuiklmayBwit, eepeoial to the liiah chanctor. I«t me for one moment quote the words ot a great I'rotee tent historiau. He Bays.— 'A XBiidiird of dohiBstic virtue,aiehcacyof female honour, was gradually formed .imongtt the Irish poor hlphpr thliu It any other part of I .we empire, and unsurpassed it not unequalled iu Europe The Tery ertensiou ot Horerty and mendicinoy hud })!?- ducca among tbom a rare aud touching wiirit of charitv, a KidmiuB tu «bare with one another the fust, crust and the hurt potato. Douiestic nffeotioas were more than oommonly warm. The memorable fact that, iu tho present century, not lees than 20 millions of pounds have been will )*ck iii ihe space of 20 years Uy thoso who weHt for the most part as pemules%-emiKraatB to Ainerio, to their relatives in Iieland. tlluetratts a side «f I Us Irish character which ?xsar flready noticed by many observers ? and, in. modern timos, concerning whioh nlone we ! iran epeak with confidence, infanticide, deser «ob, wife- murder, aud other crimes indicating u. 2ow etate of domestic morality have beet-. 'inph rot of Among »h. Irish poor than among the cof M-lianaing classes in England.' IflndtlieBS pregnant Words of Mr. Leoky, re giuding the generosity, of the Irish people, borne out us to Uieh-truthwberoverlpo throughont the eolonv. Their fctndiesettoevefj good work, and their oharity is un bounded. Bo far, iu per.eral. But what have you the people oysalmain, done that you should be numberea among-sVthose who have proved themBclvBB worthy of this praise,? Let mo say what you have done for the fake of tho«e who mny not kcoiv. 1 Vrlll take the whole district wgmid by Fathei- Plllon. First, .taKe Balmain proper. There you have ccouvent, to begin with, which, in ronnd numbers, will have cost £0500, and I am told that improTC *M'tfa«d intemul fittingB aud nrrangementa have entailed another J1000. On all this the debt has been reduced U- £.1500. rather Dillon puts down the schools counected with the church at£U0O. But lny Jnnin point is this— for I want my audience to know what these jeople have done to make me praise them— that the labouring men nnd the citizets and the shipconw-«ters have done what thousands did before them iu th« \gen of Faith,— they havegiven the work of their hwnln nnd the sweat of tlu-ir brow to tlie service of Uio church. The church, for one reason and T^if ' Uad tMm iDl° Breat diei-epair. The «ichoo1e had bacome too small. Wimt did these people do? lor 15 months they Worked double tides— that is, after tho toll -hd drudge of tleir daily work yu .over, instead of enjoying duriig the rest of the eremng thmr well-earned repose, they set (o work B?«iu on the church and on the public schools, and began Jbeir labour of love. In the summer time they left off iiibourat + p.in.,and then sot to workiup for the schools aud the church till closo of night. In winter thev were jiot deterred eveubydovltness, for I am (old thev 1 Vboured by lamplight at this great and glorious work for God. I jay those hands »«d arms will b. blessed, those wearied feet will ' walk in ways of pence,' for our Lord must love such men as these who thus upend themselves in Hie service. Father Dillon informs me that he values the labour* of these men at £400. Wlnt have these men given SJOC A glorious oiiinploof Christian workmen, working after working-bourn, and deep into the night, for the vhurch of their fathers. Let us uow come aenrer home still. Look at the ground beneath your lect. Look at this large property where we are assembled. Uow came it into our possession r I Bay we owe it to the Catholic working meu. These gentle. «nen— and they are the true gentlemen of 1he land in its highest .sense— these pent] emeu formed n. committee aud bought the land, nnd petitioned me to send Ihe Sisters of the Good Samaritan to teach in the schools thev had erected. Two of these gentlemen held the land till the ap pointment of Father Dillon, aud then they made it over to the church. The school itsalf cest, £700. and £300 'have beau spent In furniture and appliances. Tho lund is Tallied »t WOO, limiting a total or £1800, with a debt remaining of tow. Iu one word, taking the two centre* of labour, the coarent costing £7500, tho schools of St. Angustine £1300, ?Mf those, of SWosepb 1H», we mny nay safely that over r-10,ijOo have tofiu spent, in the advancement of morality uatlrclijriou iu thodistrint. Aud this mousy has, at least inpwt, boeu collected, I think I may cay, in great part, by the weekly subscriptions of the poorer classes, who, to 'Retherwith their religion, have brought into this country thatbpleudidgenerosity which isespecial to i ho Irish people'. ', I think, ladies nnd gentlemen, that Ilia n- now satisfied my imaginary Yorkshire friend ; and I believe that eve* he would W constrained to admit -that I bnvo very good ro» Hcm, indeed, for praising the Catholic workmen of Balmain. Aud now, if the.v will let me, I will tell a bit of my mind to all honest, liberal-minded men with regard to those great events which lire casting their dork and gloomy shadows before. They say in thu country that when'a storm is cuminp; of unusual violence, the animals become unusually nniet in the fields, nml then? eeems to bo a hupli iu nature, till suddenly tho rntamctn of heaven open, and t he thunder bellows as the forked lightning flushes on every tide, and shivers, ond chart.and turns intoa black wreck the neblest tree of the forest. Though things cannot well he as bad ?? ♦»!«, I will not conceal from yon or from mypelf that There arc signs in the heavens of that which of all things else, in a free country, is likely to produce such a storm as so bishop or priest would be n hie to avert. I refer to the spirit of tyranny and persecution that seeme as if it was about to be uuchnuied, Referring to tho question of education, the Archbishop (said :— Tho world knows what onr teaching is ; it has been printed and reprinted in every uewsiiaper in town and onnntrv If la -? fa**- n»I\lj^ltF u..**l.li_i...,i +1..4. n.i.i..ij-n cannot in conscience send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been Is all the newspapers, that^c object to sending clergymen to the Public schools, whether with class rooms or witbont, tb join the jar of tongues and the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all onr instinots of reverence and religion. VTe have most carefully, and I think I may say ool41y, spoken outas was ourbouudon duty, knowing as we -W that a change was about to be made in the Education Act unfavourable to onr views. What has been the result P First of ell, a. hurricaue of abuse of endless insnlt east upon what is dearer to ns than life itself, on our holy re tffclon. As to thosewho have abused and insulted ma per sonally, the worst wish I harbour In their regard is that they niayhave the grace to beoome Catholics before they die. Well, during the downpour, I endeavoured calmly and clearly to state our case. One thing, I believe all will admit— that our case has been stated clearly, and is per fectly intelligible. Next, Parliament meets. Tht outlines of the new education scheme nre laid before the oolony. Whatare it* provisions P Whnt is its drift P There is one thug in its drift that I admire, and that is that it evi dently att«mps to meet the requirements of some large Motions of the community. It not only implies a know ledge of their existence, but it also aims at answer ing some of their wants. The Church of Eng land will bare greater facilities for religions in struction; the Nonconformists will have, it seems, nil they want, 60 far at they are ooncerned ; the league will have several concessions, partial compulsion, if not entire, snd an approach to freedom from tees. I admire any attempt at meeting the wieheo of large classes. I am only too pleased when I see my follow coloaists rejoicing in a method of education whioh gives them, as fathers and mothers, peace dud happiness when they think of their children. I would be among the first to interfere, the first to speak out were they tyrannised over, or were their con scientious convictions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise of the new bill solicits my respect. But this very qnality which I ad mire s.8 bearing upon Protestants, heightens my senss of grief and indignation when I refleot thtt Catholics, exclusively, are in a studied move apparently ignored, whilst in reality they are trampled on. working men of Balmain, I am addressing myself to you. Ton love your religiom better than your life, if I may Judge from the past. You would rather die than jeopar dise the f nturc Ca.' holic prospects of your children. Your church and your bishops proclaim what your consciences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth— that yon may not send your children to publio schools. Yon are poor, working, honest, labouring men, getting your 35s a week, trying to provide little homes for yonrselves and to bring np your children as good and respectable aa you are yourselves. In you I am addressing nil the labouring Catholics in the colony. We Catholics represent one third— some eay more, some less— of tho population. The aew hill treats tenderly »U the other sections. How does it treat yon P Com you with the wildest stretch of lnuwinatiou, nnd Irishmen are not deficient In that, can yon Inyour wildest moments imagineasinriepoint in that kill which shows that you hare been thought of with kind ness and Byinwatby ? Have yon not the painful consoions Besstbat so for us this new scheme is concerned, your ease has been ignored, whilst all others have been thought. W Bow me one single point where there is a sign, or shadow, or ghost of a shadow, of a sign, that respect has neenfeltfortbeconsoientions convictions of one third of ? Jhepopnlation, of thegreat Catholic interest in this colony. Thought of? Yes, you have been thmifffct of, you have sot been ignored. It would seem to some that you have been u»ceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this bill, that they might mot, even by somo inadvertent blunder, .Throw you some miserable shred of justice. And they have not kept you in view in Tain. Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have know ingly, or unknowingly, invented an instrument vi euauunc persecution exquisite iu its penecnon lor ' carrying out its ends. It combines insult with outrage, »nd whilst seeming to ignore your existence tramples your ttost oheriehed aspirations under foot. Working men of B»I»»in,let me explain myself. Ton hare toliveon nara ??rned wages, and you know the worth of small sums of tnoney, and can only with thrift and care keep the wolf ftom the door. What doea the new bill do for you, for the ' thonsasds of the Catholic poor P Does il. sympathise with yoar poverty, and enooung* your sturdy faith, and soothe i your bsrd lite by (riving your children a, chauoe of being ?Mtmetea in soeuUr knowledge, aud helhg brought nil tkweragh Catholics? I wilt tell you in a few ward's what It daes for you. If it could speak It would Buy— though its n»mere may aot motn it— it would say:—' I am a modern aoBStrosity so contrived as to flatter all sections of tho ? ctaunnuity eiceirt tho Roman Oatuolio. Thfine miser able creatures must be got rid of somehow, but fret of all they must be kicked and insulted. »p predecessor, born in 1S6G, was a fair sieai f en ot pereeoutiou for that day. lint w« are older now, anil hare advanced further into light. That hill forced the thousands of the Catholic poor, nnfl the rich too, to pay torjhe education of other peopl '* children, in Felioolstber coaw not use themselves. But Iain an improvement on 'W. I am joins to build (Treat grammar schools for boys, US the CartioliM shnll pfty equally with those whonsa tte» for those also. Palaces for pirls shall also be estai hshed, whore girls shall learn to be discontented possibly wuh their home nnd with their lot. Catholics, thongu. the/ cannofcojso -these, shall pay for them, too, aeifctha^ -M. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply the schools tfiey eaanot use and reduce the fees, aud Catholics shall bear thwr burden here as well. To this I mean to add about the nost exquisite insnlt possible, that is to have «?CL)Pn^ic 6cho01' '''MB so mtBT children, fur nished with a olass-room which Catholics cannot use. In this ctess.ioonj all the Tarigusdeuouiinationswhose very ex istence isa protest against tte Catholicreligion, shall teach their various creeds, as a necessary consequence cosdemn the faith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for the very buildings in whioh, day after day, and hour aftor hour, their religion Is, or may be, denounced iu terms well known to all. To this insnlt, perfect In its kind, I am going to add an Injury equally perfect in its suture. Hav ing ignored every single just demand, having made tho Catholics pay, as has been described. I then carry tho war into the enemy's camp. They still have denomina tional schools, they lore them, they are proud of them, they erected them at great expense— these I mean to knock on the head, for, since CaUiolicE are the poorest, section of the community, nnd since their small means are forced fl!? them *° PT for the education of other people's children, how will they be able, poor as they are, to pny, at it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their own as well as those of others f How ca» they keep pnee ?» iui me reduction ot lees ? . Xher may struggle for a rime hke fish U a net, but we will take them out of their Miatji of supernatural light,' and if they do not beooiuciiitidcls or ranters, they will become nondescripts — and anything, even a blsnkfellow, is better than a Papist.', Such is the hin Kuage that the naW bill, so far aa I know anything of it, speaks to me. I do not mean to insinuate that all this was intended i possibly, such a picture as I luive painted did not consciously enter the intentions of legislation. I am simply speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the language of the bill, to any intelligent irnin who has cars to hear, and to every intelligent Catholic whs has a, sonl, and a heart beating in his body. It is a modem mon strosity of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are concerned ; and I believe eTcry fair-minded man in tho communi y will sympathise with us, assist us to preserve onr freedom of | conscience, and to obtain our juBt sad self-evident rights. Why should wb alon* be ignored P Why should 'our erynotbchnaTd? Why Bhonld Catholics and only Catho lics, be trampled on, and insulted in tlie way that I havo described ? We do not stand in the way of others ; we rojoice when they ere liappy; when they can feel their ahlldreJi fire doilJB well, it is atrue pleasure to us. What Measure or happiness is there in seeing us eikI and broken, like slaves and serfs, who have no friends, nnrl are as out caste of the people? What pleasure, iu this nineteenth century, is there in producing so ftrave an irritation, so galliug n, wonud. as will be produced if thnt, bill becomes | low? I cannot believe it. 1 will not believe that, tlio I majority, tho rosnd portion of the community, will stand by silently and not support us in our just struggle for liberty and fair play. A sum of £401 was placed on the stone before the pro ceedings terminated. 