Victoria Theztre. Tue remarkably unfavorable state of the weather last evening (there having been a continuous downpour of rain for some time previous to tile rising of the curtain) had no feffct upon the attendance at the theatre, which was crowded in every part before the performance conmmenced, thus proving the power of attraction possessed by.Mr. Dumpier and the present admirable company. Tlhe entertainment consisted of Shakespeare's trngedy of Hamlet, which Mr. Dampier sus tained (although the most difliculc, perbhaps, of all'the grcat poet's creation.) in a umatner which gave the beholders a most vivid de soription of the Danish Prince, as imlagined and pourtrayed by the Bard of Avon himrself. The limits of the space:at our di.posal, and Ihe lateness of the hour at which the per formance terminated, preclude us from dw.lling as lengthily as we could have wished upon this marvellous impersonation. The delighted audience was fairly spell-bound, and each appearance of M-c. Danmpier uipon the stage was tbhe ignual for applause. Tihe spectators seemed to vie wilh esach other in their approbation of the extremely natural, yet irresistibly attractive delidiention of tho ill-fated Pirnoe of Denmark. At the clo-e of each act, .the plaudits were long and incessant until Mr. Dampier "p?penred to malto his acknowledgr Imntcat. Duing each soliloquy tho audience litincd. .with the moet attentive ears, as if loth to loao a word of such excellent utter ances, while the by-play of the apparently duemented Prince was watched with an intensity which betrayed itself in the oun tenances of the beholders. The celebrated play-scene deserves far more elhborate notice than we can afford to. bestow upou it in this issue. The attention of the large I mass of spectators seemed to have reached its inton sity in the last nact, and fitally subsidel in a whirlwind of applause. Ve mIiust not omit to spealk iu the highest terms of the various members of the cop?s dc'aemtele, who evi. dently strove hard to mnake the play a cor. plete success. The Opholia of Miss, K'?e Douglas was an admirable piece of neting, yet .extremely realiltic in its aharmiog simplicity. The King, was capitally rendered by Mr HI. S. Jerdand, and the ?amio must be said of Miss Julia Marton, who per:ouified the Queen. The Heratio of Mr. Inglis deserves special notice. Mr. Satm Howard as Polonius aod. the Gravedizggr wae equally good in bo:h characters, ant IMr. H. .]'lynn deserves the same commnandation for his representation of the Ghost and of L terties He .was honoured with a recall with Mr. Dampier in the last seue. Tho-re.t; of the oharactors were all fairly suntained.: The scenery, dresses, and music were remarkably good and appropriate throughout. ]Iamlot will be repeatrd. this evening for the last tirne. The crowded state of the theatro lately (on Satirday and Monday evenings especially) has solved the problem a, to whether the inhabitants of Newcastle could appreciate good acting if it; wro properly piaced before them. 