s South Fasxs v. Wuxdngas. Cfa Friday, June 20, the members of the I South Park Football Club visited Willunga for the purpose of engaging in a friendly contest '?nth the local Club. The party, numbering about fifty, mustered about 7^ajn. opposite the coaoh officej^King William-street* and were accommo dated in two of Messrs. Hill JScCo.'fl coaches. A I3WM« woo tuouo Duurujr ubuo^b 1-dVt «ia XMJy nella was reached about 10 o'clock. A change in the horses was . made, and: advantage was taken of the spell by the travellers to indulge in seme liquid and other refreshments, which were highly welcome, as the drive in the early morn- , ing air had considerably sharpened their appetites. Willunga was . reached about 12 o'clock after a most enjoyable ride. At 1 o'clock the players sat down to a capital dinner, catered by host Saunders, of the Alma Inn. At the dinner it was stated that the match would not take place until 3 o'clock, and at that hour both teams mustered on the grounds in the presence of abeut 300 spectators, including a large proportion of ladies. The ball was started by the Souths kicking towards the -western goal, and for the £rst few moments they had the best of the play. It was, however, sson to be seen that their opponents were too heavy for them, and the ball was rushed rapidly towards tne western goal, in front of which severe struggles were engaged in. Several times the Souths' followers and wing men drove the ball in good style up the centre of the ground, but the local team played deter minedly, and continually kept their active foes on the defensive. This style of play continued until shortly before half-time, when the ball ?was kicked by the 'Willungas during a scrim mage through the poets amidst the loud cheers ot their supporters. The leather was again pat in motion, but the score remained unaltered when half-time was called. On ends being changed hostilities were resumed with great ~-2gor4 Tee PaTks fought 'hard and fast' to recover their lost vantage, but without avail, as 3heir* oppppents were tpo heavy for them, and frequently endangered their quarters. Time was called, leaving thejWillungas the victors by one goal to nil. The game throughout was con tested in a very friendly spirit. The Parks 'were at a disadvantage, as they had to play '%ithoHt their captain, Mr. A. M. Pettinger, who had been disabled from playing at a previous match. Mr. Hurtle Allen captained the local men, and Mr. E. LeMesorier was an excellent field umpire. In the evening a concert was given by the South Park Minstrels in the Odd fellows' Hall. There was a crowded attendance. The first part of the programme was composed of the usual selection of Christy melodies, and was rendered by Messrs. T. J. Jessop, A. S. O. Nairne, A. J. Barker, G. Cooper, E. Murch, J. Adams, and A. ttuun. All the pieces were well given, and Mr. Barker was rewarded with an encore for the spirited manner in which he sung-' The dearest spot on earth.' Mr. E. Murch and two other members of the company received a similar compliment for their excellent and amusing rendition (in character) of a sketch entitled 'St. Patrick's Day Parade.' In the second part of the programme Messrs. Barker, Murch, Cooper, Adams, and Sharpe succeeded in drawing the warmest plaudits of their auditors for different songs, especially Mr. Murch, who was encored to the echo for a comic aong and step dance. Mr, George Laughton added con siderably to the evening's amusement by giving a display of his ventriloquial powers, and was the recipient of loud applause for his explana tion of the art. The concert concluded with a sketch ' Toby and the Ghost,' the characters in which were taken by Messrs. Biliin, Nairne, and Cooper. Mr. A. O. Beetson accompanied on the piano throughout the concert. Willunga was left by the visitors about midnight, and the city was reached at 5 a ju. on Saturday. Nobth Pabk v. Kapunba Juotobs. — On Fri day, June 20, the North Parks visited Kapunda to play a match with the local team, which re sulted in a victory for them by one goal to nil. Flay was commenced immediately after the ar rival of the^train, about 10.30a.m. The Norths won the toss and decided to kick with the wind. Cook kicked off for the Kapondas. The Parks seized it and brought it down, close to their ad versaries' goal, when after some ten minutes' play R. Wills kicked the first and only goal of the day for the visitors. The ball was again kicked off and was carried to and fro several times without any result. The Kapundas ap i pealed frequently for marks on the plea of the opposite side running more than five yards, and created much bad feeling by their over- exactness. After fifteen minutes' rest the ball was thrown up, and the Kapunda's having the wind began to play up. The Parks were, however, equal to the emergency, and kept the hall in their adversaries' quarters. Among the most prominent players for Eapanda were Shakes, Brown, Cook, Thompson, and Habit, ?while B. Wills, F. Sharland, lender, Bobins (2), Hawson, Osborne, and Beetson were particularly notieeable. The North Parks returned home by the train, which arrived in Adelaide at half past 7, having spent a pleasant day, although they were somewhat knocked up. 