Some Notes on the Cricket Match in Sydney. Lord Harris' Team and the Eleven or New South Wales. By a Traveller. [roSTINDED.] If the English Eleven began their innings in a " warm" style, it cannot be denied that New South Wales responded to the same most ably for when three wickets foot up for 100 runs, it is a pretty sure sign that somebody is " about," and in the first innings of New South Wales it came to pass that some time after the retirement of Bannerman Brothers and Garrett, the score stood at 8-28-100. Two regular " steamers " now faced the British bowlers, in tho shape of Murdoch and Evans and keen was the judg- ing and quick was the stealing of runs, spite of the good fielding at point and long field-the ball got not a Bocoud's roBt anywhere. Evans has a grand sweep of the bat, and one that keeps well to the ground at that critical moment when, artful balls at times do speak under the? mlitguMcd widow of the novice and salute the sticks. They would never have got him out but for a little leg-before-wicket arrangement) ^-21-IOS. The applause this time broke chiefly from the members' stand, the general public appearing to a post 50, at least, from Evans, and so were a bit disappointed. Murdoch was now joined by the thick-ahouhlorod veteran Nat Thompson, and they proved a thorn in the Englishmen's sides. Murdoch has a fine straddle at the wickets, and can keep one foot on the crease and reach out with the other in a style that no novice should or could attempt. to treated Eniuiotfc's bowling with great respect, having evidently met the gentleman before" somewhere in England. With him and Thomp- son there was scarcely perhaps the brilliant clean hitting of Lord Harris and Penn, as witnessed on the previous day, but there was a more patient defence, and when Thompson did open his shoulders it was "four" after "four" hat came, grand drives chiefly. Yet Wobbo and Royle fielded them ably when not placed too wide of them, and ran in from long field to meet a ball breast high in full career, and send it back like a cannon shot to the wicket. But for all Thompson's long hits there was never the ghost of a lift in any one of them, and they ricochetted along the grass, and each formed an inevitable safe addition to the score ; Murdoch and Thompson played so splendidly that it looked at one time as if the five wickets would earn the crusher (to the English hopes) of 200 runs, for Emmett began to get demoralised and to bowl a lot of widows, and notably two in succession. Absolom stood hatless in the sun all day and fielded well in the slips Murdoch was evidently a younger and Bwifter runner than Thompson, and in many of the runs he would overlap him and but for a fumble or two at the wickets they would not have made 70 and 50 respectively. When 180 were up, a now left hand under- arm bowler was tried, but all in vain ; till at last, with 70 to his credit, Murdoch lit tod one of Ulyott's high to leg and it dropped quite easily into Wobbo's hands, and 570 188 went up amid heartfelt applause by hands and throats alike. Allon followed him, and here may come a few remarks on the silly choice of players for this team. The committee left that grand battor Powell out, likewise Gregory, and put in Allen and Seale, and so, with Spofforth disabled, it may be easily imagined how much hotter New South Wales might have done than it did. There was no foolish trying to steal impossible runs, as we see at times in Brisbane matches, and many a grand hit was allowed to go for a single, in order to make sure of no catastrophe. Murdoch might now be dead, but Nat. Thompson wasn't by any means, and in order to show that drives were not his only forte, he treated the public to some glorious, clean, grass-hugging cuts. Allen never tried to hit, and was bowled for a duck-egg ; 6-0-195-and now came Miuwio, a prime Blog ger, and fair defender to boot. He hit the only five of the day, clean into the pavilion. When, at length, Thompson was bowled by Emmett, the score stood at 7-50-204, and there seemed still fair hope of topping the English score. Scale followed and got stumped, after another grand fourer by Massie ; 8-0-210. Tindall joined a Massie, who hit many a dangerous embryo tourer towards the fence, which the superhuman field- ing of the gallant Britons out thin cut short to a three only, and those two men at long field did certainly cover an immensity of ground. Massie seemed to be in for a career to rival Thompson's and Murdoch's ; but he slipped, half way between the wickets, in trying to get back from a nobly fielded ball. Slipped in a manner, too, that betokened spikes unfitted to meet the strain of a quick prop between the creases, and he was out, hopelessly and helplessly; 9-30-235. Coates came on, lost man, and if he had played at all carefully, the score would have topped Lord Harris' men, but he must needs step out to a ball before he had even got warm at his post, and " all out for 240" was the unwelcome verdict in consequence The second innings of the Gentlemen of England was chiefly remarkable for the steady double figuring of the first nine men who went in they averaged 21 a-piece, varying from Lucas with 15 to Royle with 29 ; also for the heavy bill in the "sundries" line, which totalled 27, as against 4 in the first innings ; a matter not much to the credit of the colonials. It was expected that the attendance on the third day would, owing to the counter attractions of the regatta, be much diminished ; but not so, for there were 4000 people present on the first day, 10,000 on the second, and 15,000 on the Anniversary Day. The costumes of the ladies were gorgeous on the lawn. One of silver gray silk lighted up with " sultan" color and heavy gold collar and locket, was especially hand- some ; also, a pale sage green silk, varied with some material of the same, bearing a white flowered ground. French gray roses with a prim- rose and looked well, also, on a pale sky-blue silk. The match, which is not yet finished at this present writing, is about the best over played in Sydney, in point of evenly-matched teams and keen contest. It would have been better still if Schultz and Hone had been replaced by Grace and Shaw, and by the substitution of Spofforth Gregory, and Powell for Coates, Allen, and Seale. Bub I would back the same teams to play 100 matches with no great advantage accruing to either side, so well and evenly matched do they appear to be. The following advertisement is by a modest specimen of "Young America":-"Wanted, situation, by a strong active American youth of seventeen, with plenty of muscle, vim, and health. Not afraid to knuckle down to hard work of any kind ; is well educated, and has a good knowledge of Latin. Ambition highly developed, and brains to back it. Penetration sharp as the business end of a hornet, and cheek bigger than either. Lawyer's office preferred. Highest and best of city references. Anyone in search of such a bonanza will strike oil-a regular spouting well-by addressing 'Scamander,' D.A. Office." 