MECHANICS INSTITUTE ENTERTAINMENT. The Leur? Amateur Dramatic Club gave their third entertainment of the aeries in aid of the Mechanics' Hall Building Fund on Tuesday last. The attendance was by no meant ao Luge as on the former occaflon, and of those present very few came from the coun ty i a fact mainly' due to the stormy nature of the weather. It will be remem bered that at the last entertainment one of the pieces played did not come up to the average of iv predecessors, and the consequence was that the impression created amongst a fastidious audience wsi by no means as favourable as could have been expected. Notwithstanding this, the club, after a short interval, went to work again, and two pieces having been chosen, no individual effort was spared to bring their production to a successful issue on Tuesday, and the result was all that could be desired. Indeed, we cite a generally-expressed opinion when we say that both as regards the character of the pieces, the manner in which they were placed on the stage, and the individual efforts of the performers, nothing could have been better, and the most exacting audience could not fail to be pleased. Another feature in this performance was the addition of a new scene, vix., of ? drawing room, with fire place, book case, *■! entrance doors. This had been executed in good style by our local painters, Messrs. Webb and Clifford, and it is needless to ssy the effect was very pleasing and gave quite a changed ap pearance to the whole stage. Several other alterations had been made in the scenery, the principal of which were the addition of a window and doors. These latter were brought into use a number of times during the performance and proved very useful adjuncts. The programme was opened by the Misses Buckley with a pianoforte duet, played remarkably well. The curtain then rose, and Mr. Charles Selby's farce, 11 The Unfinished Gentleman," was pro ceeded with. Briefly, the plot of this piece is as follows :—A young lawyer, by name Charles Danvers, is en gaged to a young lady in the country (Miss Bloomfield), whose father hat been mined by the failure of a bank. Lord Totterly, a would- be young man of sixty summers proposes for the young lady's hand, and, as a means of sannx her father from the catastrophe which stares him in the face, she resolves to sacrifice her happiness and accept the juvenile lord. This, however, is averted by Lord Totterly's nephew, the Hon. Frisk Flam* mer, who, upon hearing through his tiger, of the intended marriage concocts a story of his having eloped with the intended bride some time previously, and, in order to carry out hit plan successfully, pre tends to his lordship that the young lady's uncle is in pursuit of him. The effect of this nut is heightened by the appearance of an occasional porter and handy man, Billy Downey, and James Miller, Flam mer's tiger, disguised as Mr. and Mrs. Bloomtield, who are determined to see their neice married. The consequence is, that Lord Totterly, almost driven to his wit's end, expresses his willingness to give £5,000 io anyone who would take the lady off bis hands. Flammer at once offers to find a man for the purpose, and, after a short absence, returns with Dan vers. The denouement then occurs, and, after a little useless fuming, Lord Tot terly decides to make ths best of it, and, as usual, the piece ends happily. Where the efforts of so maoy players are concerned, each deserving of great praise in the carry icj out of their differeut parts, it would be i matter of j^reat difficulty to give the palm tn anyone in particular, aud therefore, we shall not attempt to do so, but simply take the different amateur* as they appeared on the programme. First, then,we place Lord Totterly, the Adonis of sixty. This part was undertaken by Mr? A. J. Hulmes, and, although by no means an easy one, it was played to the satisfaction of all present, a result specially due to a great improvement in his articulation. Mr. Hannah, as the Honorable Frisk Flammer, was quite "at home" in his part, and displayed that care ful study and attention which adds so much to the successful rendering of any character. His escape from *' the greyhounds" and hit account thereafter was a highly amusing fea ture. Mr. W. Mitchell sustained the part o! Charles Danvers, the barrister, and quite kepi up the favorable impression formed of him on a previous occasion. Messrs. T. Woodley and, W. Wiggins undertook the characters of Billy Downey, (the unfinished gentleman] and James Miller, (tiger to the kon. Mr. Flammer). Both these respective parts wen full of fun and the most salient of these were brought out, as only these amateun know how to dc,to perfection. During theu appeannee ths eccentricities of both caused the greatest amusement amnngsttheaudieac*; especially noticeable during their imposition on Lord Totterly as Mr. and Mrs. Bloomfleld. Messrs. C. H. Allan, as Nibble, the Sheriffs attache, and T. Colbnrn as Lord Totterly'i servant both wen amusing in their own way, the forced exit of the former through the window being especially so. The twu female characters were represented by Master Pope as Loui?r, and Mr. Arsutrong as Mary Chiots, strraat t > the first-namet1. The former though well up in his part ha? not yet got rid of that stiffness of manner so noticeable on former occasions. Mr. Armstrong as Chintz was a success in every sense, and his careful playing helped to make the piece ran smothly. At the con clusion of the piece tk# various ptrfomen •awe loudly applauded, a recsU| being de manded. After the usual interval, tbs Misses Cox and Watt played a duett and were deservedly applauded. Mr. W. Down sang " True to the last" in his usual excellent style. Mr. Mitchell followed with a tenor song and waa encored. The musical portion of the programme was brought to a conclusion by Miss K. Frassr effectively playing a fan tatia of Scotch air*. The lines of the "Area Belle" are laid on the penchant which the civil and military forces art supposed to possess for female cooks. The Area Belle, Penelope, is discovered descanting upon the number of followers she has on her visiting list, and upon the superiority of one above the others. She is distuned by her mis* tress, Mrs. Croaker, who informs her that the intended visit to the thtatn hat been postponed. This evidently disturbs Penelope to a great degree, a* she is ob served to be stealing about the window in a vei? saysterious manner, and the mis tress has to repeat her orders several times before she ofm to execute them. The cause of this reluctance is apparent on the disappearance of the Buttress when Penelope iaforsss the audience that the signal to her lovers notifying that her mistress was at hosts was the pepper- box placed in the window. Mrs. Croaker's bell having sounded Penelope attends to her mistxess,and Tosser.a grenadier,makes his appearance shortly after wards followed byPitctwrapolkeman. Mutual surprise is expressed by the rival forces awl after some high voids have pased between them f taee is restored. At tLis tun* Penelope reap pears and is thunderstuck to fnd her two most opposite lovers together, batnponher receiving au amicable answer to the en quiry, "Do you mean murder or cold wutu.nf'is delighted. The mistress, however, Hakes her presence felt, and "the civil and military fortes" are iiidden ?way, Pitcher bong accreted ii tht copper. The sail net tones in, and, being iv a bed temper, detemines ram •tartuig the washing. Bhe lights* to under the copper and tarns <* tht water, baring tka room for the articles to he deauesd. Pitcher, fading his ledgosj rather mtmtn*kh^rZ*m them Ist the shelter of the table. Penelope i*. .arm, and, finding the ire kindled, be eoaass tfprshensiTt of her Pitcher, aud after ishiafiu tht topper discovers the remains of tht polimmsu boiltd to mm, This sht tetts ttfrsamr, and the ghost of Pttohtr rim sVtm Int fWsml The mjatiam matstsw tht Mswati, who en- TIM kitchen | stops by Walker Chilb. * milkum, and another of Penelope's. %iJ mum. Toner resigns the Bells to PitdMr, upon her discharge, and th? latter does not appear desirous of th? happineat. Chalki steps in, and Pene.1 lope diacoTen that she has loved hin all along. The personages incidental to the "Area Belle" were all well represented*' not only in histrionic ability, but in the naY; ter of costume, every exertion having bee?' made to present the farce with realistic tf.' feet. Too much praise ia out of the question while considering the merits of Penelope anl Mrs, Croaker, fir. Armstrong and Master Buckley respectively. The subterfuge of' the Abigail in hiding her lovers wen wsfl carried out, and her anxiety for the preser vation of the peace sufficiently poticeahV to satisfy even the most hypercritical. If. Armstrong may congratulate himself nposi having scored a success which eclipses all ha' previous attempts in the temple of Thespu. Master Buckley was surprisingly in earnest ' and created a favorable impression, so muck ao, that we venture to predict better things for him in the feminine role. The ?en* with which he personated the Huntress et Penelope suggests to us the effect of carefgj study, and that he possesses ability in that direction somewhat above mediocrity. Pitcher (Mr. Woodley), made an alniott perfect cupboard-loving policeman, aa£ created much merriment in the glint episode, aad demonstrated most forcibly the. idea that he "was a gobbling." On th?| point, it would be impoetible for an aodieoct to ignore the fact, ai, wrapped frombsad to foot in a table cloth, he "gobbled" ?b the mutton in a vary palpable '"inner Mr. W. Wiggins aa Tosser was hippjly Buccessfal in his beau-ideal of a grenausr-1 bear skin, scarlet cost, and general makntm —and for once almost obliterated his idea, tity. During his scene with the polices*, in which he challenges that individual ts mortal combat with bayonets- or belts a* cauasd great laughter, and literally car> ried the house away. The nagnts., imity with which he rciigned Pentlojn to his friend Pitcher, upon h?r being dv. charged by Mrr. Croake r, was alnost sablime—that is, if anything fsrcial eta become sublime. We do not remiabet havinc witnessed a performance in waick Mr. Wiggins appeared to inch adnotagi, and it is only fair to him to remark that ha deserves great credit for his emys at she " Sock and buskin" as he makes every eg. dearor to dress hii impersonation as itihosU be. The character of the succeiful milkmai Walker Chalks, was successfully perfornti by Mr. T. Colburn who deleted hiasstlf|g the faithless Penelope with great pertinacity, and by his natural a'yle' obtained ths lya. pathy of his auditors, and charmed thm with his floral observations. 