Victoria. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Melbourne, July 21. THERE are " rocks ahead " for the ship of State, or rather the Ministerial craft, but it has a wily and skilful pilot. It passed a big shoal last week in safety namely, Mr. Gaunson's motion to rescind the regulations in the Land Bill preventing the selectors from dealing with or hypothecating their leases without consult- ing the Minister. Mr. Gaunson is the Ishmael of the House. At one time he was the pet of the Government, and a good deal of the lashing of the Opposition was done by him under their auspices. He is a fluent speaker and ready debater, quick in repartee and scathing in accusation, and about as scrupulous as one could expect a politician to be considering the training and example he gets. Mr. Gaunson, however, suddenly seceded from his party-they say because they were not prepared to accede to his demands, and is now as bitter and virulent against them as he was against their enemies. He owes his notoriety or celebrity to the Argus' terrible endeavors to crush him out of political existence before his recantation, but that organ of Conservatism now carefully reports and applauds him when possible. He knew that his motion would be a blow to the Government, for many of their back and edge supporters are at war with them about these " Longmore regulations." It is not necessary to give you in full those clauses in the measure, but their import is to render the dummying of land or extortion of high rates of interest impossible. At first sight it would seem a very laudable thing for a Minister or Government to stand between the country and the land-grabbers, the selector and the usurer, and as the land is alienated in a different way to that in which the grocer sells his sugar or the publi- can his beer, only in order to settle upon the country's soil a class of bona-fide tillers of it, the regulations at first sight seem to be commendable and calculated to effect this purpose. No selector taking up land under these regulations can look upon his lease save as a title, unless-in case of his wanting to borrow money on it, transfer it, or in any way convert it into a financial instru- ment-he consults the Minister and explains to him the circumstances under which he proposes to borrow and gives the rate of interest, &c.; Surely the man or party who made these stringent laws at least meant well and had the welfare of the selectors at heart. Naturally enough this proceeding has hampered the traffic in land. It was intended to put a stop to it, and no doubt entailed hardship on some who legitimately wished to borrow capital to carry on its cultivation. But it is still easy enough to borrow if the Minister is satisfied of the bona fides of the parties appealing to him, and finds the selector is not to be plucked In spite of all this the apparent good intentions of the Minister, and the seeming guarantee to the country that the objectionable amassing of huge estates by means of the land laws is pre- vented there is a good deal of dissatisfaction not only in the country districts where, of course, the farmer would like to look upon his lease as a convertible instrument as well as a title, and in the large towns where capitalists believe their operations are needlessly hampered and restricted. Mr. Gaunson then knew there would be a division in the camp, and the Opposition were careful to parade the fact that this was not to be a party question ; but Mr. Berry was too clever for them. He knew that though the adverse motion, if carried, would not be a defeat, the weakening influences of any such result must be injurious, and as soon as he found which way the cat jumped he made it a party question. The whips were instructed to round up the forces, and it was known that the chief was determined to let the foo see that, even on a question like this upon which his follow were were not " solid," he could gain an easy victory. The Speeches of the debate were those of Mr. Long- more (the Minister assailed) and Mr. Berry. The former made a savage attack on capital, and explained how the Government had got it by the throat. He made out a good case, and proved by statistics that though the banks were not spending so much to selectors, private capitalists were lending more. He accused Mr. Gaunson of acting for Bennett, the man arrested in Tasmania and now being tried for a series of gross swindles upon the Wimmera selectors. Mr. Gaunson replied to this in an oratorical deliverance good enough as a piece of speaking but weak in argument. The real danger to the peace of mind of the Government was Mr. Dow's amendment on Mr. Gaunson's motion. He confined the rescind- ing propositions to some clauses of the regulations which really seem to be needlessly restric- tive, and as he is a Liberal, he might have got his way but for the prompt action of Mr. Berry, indicated above. Mr. Berry showed that it must be a party question, as the Opposition would phalanx, and to lay a finger on the land policy would be to aim a blow at the Government. He gave his party a severe lecture. He condemned the action of the Opposition, who, instead of making a formal indictment against the Government, carried on a guerilla warfare by means of side issues. He showed that though they were trying by every means in their power to get a victory by carrying this proposition of Mr. Dow's, not one of them had proved or tried to prove it necessary. His party had settled 40,000 on the lands of the country, and to re- scind any of the regulations, or alter the policy laid down in them, would be to change the whole spirit of the Land Act. They must be adhered to, for having been in force twelve months, if rescinded at this juncture, it would be to the injury of the Government, and the Liberal party would vanish like smoke if the desires of small minorities were to be allowed to stand in the way of bringing into effect the great principles to which his party was pledged, He then showed how necessary it was for them to look only to one object just now-the Constitutional Reform question and asked Mr. Dow to withdraw his amendment. Mr. Dow did this, and for some time great excitement ruled, The Opposition were furious, and cries of traitor, "Judas Iscariot," slave to party," and other epithets were showered upon him. After a debate, in which the Opposition members disclaimed any desire to injure the Government, Mr. Purves forced a division (as any one member can do on Mr. Dow's amendment, with the re- sult Ayes 43, noes 33; and therefore Mr. Gaunson's motion stood in its original form, and the Government forced a division on that also, with the result Ayes 2, noes 44. This, the Opposi- tion journals claim, gives the Government a total strength of 46 members out of 80, or 12 majority ; but I fancy that on any question affect- ing their policy the difference would be more in their favor. There are not wanting those who predict a defeat for them on the question of taxation. Of course it is a difficult matter to raise £400,000 at one fell swoop. The burden must fall on some section of the community who, you may be sure, will squeal conBumedly. Then there is education another big rock ahead ; though in that re- spect the Conservative chiefs are not in a much better position than the others, but then the denominationalists don't seem to care so long as they can help to turn out the party in power who won't accede to their demands. The Government got their interim Supply Bill passed pretty easily. They asked for and obtained £800,000 not, however, without a good deal of objection from the other side. Three of them-Mr. Service, Sir John O'Shanassy, and Mr. Francis spoke on the question ; all ex cathedra, and as if it were a personal matter, which evoked a taunt that the Opposition have more leaders than followers. It is predicted that in case of a change of parties in office the new Ministry will be composed of men holding all shades of political opinions Have protectionist. Other rumors are to the effect that a change in the personnel of the present Government is contemplated, and that Mr. Dow is to receive the reward of patriotism. The Council has asked the Governor to cause all the papers on the subject of Constitutional reform to be hauled forth from the hidden recesses of the Ministerial pigeon-holes, and it is reported that some severe strictures upon the subject from the Secretary of State for the Colonies have been withheld. Mr. Gaunson was told by the Speaker during a passage of arms that he had addressed that august personage no less than forty-two times in four sittings of the House. Mr. Dwyer, the iconoclastic member for Vii Hers and Heytesbury, has tabled a motion which, if carried, would allow insolvent members to retain their seats. Mr. Dwyer, in giving notice of his resolution, said he wanted to "put all the members on the same footing as the embarrassed ones." He does not see why Mr. Fox should get back to the Assembly while Mr, McGregor is kept out in the cold. He argues that impecuniosity should not debar a man from legislating, and there is something in this, for Pitt and Fox and other of the brightest political stars were notoriously impecunious. Mr. Dwyer also proposes to secure payment of members until the principle be affirmed by Parliament. It will be remembered that tacking on the provision for meeting the salaries of members caused the rejection of the Appropriation Act and the wholesale dismissals of Black Wednesday. There has been a sort of side fight between Mr. Berry and Mr. Casey. It appears that, when it was decided to send our commissioners to the Sydney Exhibition in the Nelson, an emissary from that body boarded her and made such extravagant demands for preparations to receive his august principals that the authorities were aghast. In the Assembly Mr. Casey, upon denouncing the useless waste of money in cutting down the gallant old sea teller (£21,000), was twitted by the Chief Secretary about the demands of the commission. Mr. Casey indignantly repudiated any such accusation, and offered to bet his seat against that of Mr. Berry that not one penny expense had been incurred for personal preparations. It appears that the demand (£1500) was made for coals, oil, tallow, acres pretty dear price for our whistle of desire to be suitably represented. The Government here bought Summer's statue of her Majesty for £1000, and placed it in the magnificent vestibule leading into the Houses of Parliament. This chamber is gorgeously ornamented. It has a mosaic tiled floor, and bristles with pilasters and other ornamentations including an imposing domed ceiling and lustrous sunlight. It is approached by means of a huge flight of bluestone steps, and is one of the finest pieces of architecture of modern times. An and ministerialist discovered that the statue had received an injury to one of its arms, and declared that the offending member looked as if it had been ground in a mortar and stuck on again. In replying to the charge the Minister for Works said that some of the best statues known had no arm at all. Is it possible to find a weak point in the armor of a Ministry provided with such splendid excuses The balance left of the loan lately raised is £1,031,000, and that sum is at the disposal of the Government £85,000 of it the Minister for Public Instruction proposes to spend in new State schools. Captain Moonlight, who lately lectured through the country and in Melbourne upon the bad effects of discipline in Pentridge, where be spent nearly seven years, has put his principles into active practice by qualifying himself of the charges against him be true) for another lengthy residence in the institution. The charges against him are pend- ing, so it is not fair to speculate upon their truth, but as the assertions are publicly made in the Press they are subject for fair comment. After his Melbourne lecture at the Temperance Hall he was suddenly missed. Then the police claimed to have discovered that he was one of the gang who went down to the Williamstown Stockade ; broke open a window, thrust a revolver through the aperture, and called upon a prisoner to shoot the warder and escape. It is certain that the man whose release was sought is one Johnson, a great friend of Moonlight's, when both were in gaol, and as he knows the North. Eastern district well, a theory was set up that the latter contemplated joining the Kellys, This belief was strengthened by the fact of Moon, light's having been known to have pia chased a pair of revolvers before he left town. A scare set in-police were despatched, warrants issued, banks fortified, and all preparations made to resist another raid. In the meantime it appears that Moonlight and one of his mates took the road on foot, and walked as far us Clunes, their route becoming known to the police. On Thursday they surrendered to the Mayor of Clunes unarmed, and declaring that they only just then heard of the charges against them, but before the formal surrender was effected they were arrested by the local police. They are remanded to Melbourne. In the mean- time a far more serious suspicion rests upon Moonlight, which, however, may not have a tittle of foundation in fact. He resembles in many respects the man who was seen following Mr. Bates some hours before his body was found stripped of all his jewellery. He is known, too, to have seen Mr. Bates in an hotel on the night previous. The private clothes police scandal has culminated in the discharge of Rattigan and the dismissal of Hutchinson from the force-though what the difference in the two punishments is no one seems to know-and the abolition of the patrol. Could anything point more to the utter inefficiency of our police supervision? Here is an important step affecting the community in a grave degree taken without any provision for its satisfactory carrying out a complete failure and gross outrage follow, and just as hasty and indecent a surrender of a principle ensues. For all that has been demonstrated a patrol by respectable well-tried men would do a great amount of good, but the police chiefs evidently want to show now that public interference with their arrangements is not conducive to public safety, Mr. Justice Molesworth has decided in favor of Mr. Soden was the first petitioner for the sequestration of the estate of the Provincial and Suburban Banking Company. This throws the expense of petitioning upon Messrs. Hiscocks and" Hay- man. The liquidators are appointed, and the estate will be doled out amongst the creditors. A public sale of the bank's notes has been held, and the lots went very cheaply. Captain Edward Lucas, an old and well-liked skipper in the Tasmanian trade, has paid the debt of Nature and gone over to the great majority. He went home lately to superintend the building and fitting of the Tasmanian Company's new steamer the Flinders, but returned in ill-health. The Flinders, by-the-bye, has arrived, and seems a fine specimen of naval architecture. The P. and O. Company, alarmed at the popularity of the Orient line's boats, intend starting a service of vessels to do the same route, out via the Cape and home by the Suez Canal. They have ordered four boats of great size and speed, and intend to reduce the passage-money considerably. So much for competition. Another phase of it has brought about a great reduction in the price and increase in the supply of fish. The new company have commodious premises in Swanston-street, and are selling choice piscatorial dainties as low as 3d. per lb., which is a great boon. The Farmers' Union movement has received a check, as being a political movement, there is not that union necessary for the promotion of unanimity. I am somewhat amused at the grandiose telegrams despatched to different papers about the meetings got up by the promoters, which would lead one to believe that a great Conservative reaction is in progress. If it were called a " Conservative Farmers' " Union or " Conservative attempt to induce farmers to unite," the title would be more appropriate. The correspondent, too, who wired the intelligence to the associated Press that Mr. Deakin resigned his seat in consequence of the strictures of Mr. Service upon the manner in which he secured it, must have had an imagination far too large for his veracity, seeing that Mr. Service complimented Mr. Deakin for his action in the matter after he announced his resignation, and assured him that he had risen in the estimation of himself and his party through it. Such misrepresentation is not likely to serve the Conservative cause at home or abroad. Unlimited newspaper discussions have resulted from Mr. Syme's article upon the increment of the value of land in Melbourne, and that of Mr. A. M. Topp on banking in the Melbourne Review. Both being attacks upon capital, they have given great displeasure in high places. In consequence of the publication of Mr. Topp's, Mr. Turner, a bank manager and one of the founders of the Review, resigned his position on it. The Australian and European and Commercial banks are to amalgamate and carry on business by a directory appointed from both. Their combined capital will be over a million. The Rev. Thomas Jones, the most popular clergyman in Melbourne, has publicly stated his opinion that he good results attend Bible reading in public schools. He says the State should give good secular instruction, and leave religious instruction to Sunday-school teachers and parents. Mr. Berry moves the first reading of his Reform Bill to-morrow. The measure was finally considered at a Cabinet meeting on Saturday. Amusements. The Princess Theatre season came to an abrupt close last week through the company refusing to play because their salaries were not paid. This was the cause announced, but Mr. Bayless maintains that his misfortunes are owing to the arbitrary and unjust proceedings of the pro- prietary, who have, by their action in trying to oust him, ruined his credit with the bank and caused his ruin. Actions, both of ejectment and for breach of agreement, are pending on both sides. In the meantime the theatre remains closed. Baker and Farron played a good week at the Royal, and changed their piece on Saturday. There was a change, too, at the Opera House, "The Girls" being substituted for "Friend." The attraction of " Pinafore" waning, the Academy managers put up " Our Boys in addition. Professor Pepper has been financially a failure, and it is a pity to see a man of such a reputation showing in a music hall to radically bad business. On Saturday he showed his ghost, and the house was pretty full. He also threw some living objects on the screen by means of the oxy hydrogen microscope, and the entertainment proved more satisfactory, and may draw in future. 