MISS DARGON. WHEN Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean came here, late in the evening of their histrionic day, to show us some fading gleams of its bygone lustre, " society," so soon as it had found out that our visitors had brought letters of introduction from Lord Carnarvon, and other persons of distinction, flocked to the dress-circle of the Haymarket, and grew enthusiastic over even the venerable mannerisms of the inheritor of one of the greatest names upon the English stage. " Society " also crowded to witness the performances of the admirable Ristori company, although these were given in a language with which "society" has only a nodding acquaintance. But then the successor of Rachel is a Marchesa, and her genius has extorted the homage of crowned heads, and of the still higher regalities of art, literature and science. "Society," in Melbourne, is fearfully circumspect. The nouveaux riches constitute so large a percentage of it, that it is always in dread of compromising its position ; and of admiring something or somebody, whom or which it would be improper to admire. It doesn't know much about the lyric or acted drama ; for its early education was somewhat neglected; and the taste, judgment, and discrimination, which spring from innate discernment, refined culture, and habitual contact with persons of elegant and well-stored minds, are somewhat rare in the first generation of Victorians. Therefore it is timorous in respect to fresh candidates for its patronage ; and when any such present themselves, the Misses Grundy exclaim to the old lady :—"Do you think it would be the correct thing to go and see So-and-so, mama ? Are you sure it would be quite comme il faut, and altogether scion les regies?" (for the Urundys rather affect French.) And Mrs. Grundy majestically replies," "No, my dears ; not at present. Wait and see. It would be quite too awful if we were to go and be very much pleased with So-and-so, and it were to turn out afterwards that all the people in our set disapproved of that artiste." And accordingly the.Grundys refrain from visiting the theatre or the opera-house, until they feel that they can do so without the risk of making a critical faux pas. This, we take it, is the explanation of the generally deserted appearance presented by the Theatre Royal dress-circle, during the three weeks' engagement of Miss Dargon, except on the night when the Governor was present. Every other part of the house was well filled, and its occupants testified by their hushed attention, their vivid emotions, their vehement plaudits, and their silent tears, their sympathetic appreciation of the genius of the actress. For she is a woman of genius, endowed by nature with that nervous and sensitive temperament, which is at once the prerogative and the penalty of the nobilities of intellect; quick to feel, keen to perceive, and swift to interpret the infinite varieties of human passion. It was of such natures that the poet of all time wrote that pregnant passage :— Spirits are not finely touched But to fine issues ; nor nature never lends The smallest scruple of her excellence; But, like a thrifty goddess, she determines Herself the glory of a creditor Both thanks and use. And, deriving her inspiration from Nature, Miss Dargon is leal and faithful to the bona ilea. Hers is the acting of impulse ; but of impulse controlled, regulated and restrained by a severe judgment. Her conception of five out of the six characters she played during her short engagement, is her own. It owes nothing to other actresses. She seems, in Queen Mary and in Queen Katherine, for example, to obliterate her own identity, and to take on that of the personage she represents. The emotions, of which she is the exponent, are not pourtrayed; they are undergone. It is not a play; but a reality. The struggle, the suffering, and the endurance are, for the time being, her own. '' Do you," asked Lady Morgan of the grandest Norma that ever trod the boards, " transport yourself into your part?" " Oui," was the reply of Pasta, " apres les premihres lignes. Je commence tovjonrs en Giuditta (mon nom) mats je finis tmijours en Medea ou Norma." Miss Dargon begins as well as ends in the characters of Deborah, Mary, Katherine,'and Isabel Vane. And the intensity of her acting is not less remarkable than its originality. Like Mrs. Siddons, she seems never to be thinking of her audience; and they gratefully repay her, as was said of that lady's admirers, " by thinking, where she is, of nothing but herself." This is, perhaps, one of the most conclusive tests of an actor or actress's power —to absorb attention, to make you regret when the character depicted is absent from the scene, and to cause you to be impatient for his or her return. After witnessing Miss Dargon's performances in Queen Mary and in Henry the Eighth, the spectator feels that the two unhappy queens have ceased to be historical names, and have become living realities ; just as the generation that is passing away were brought face to face with PhGdre by Rachel, and with Desdemona by Malibran; and just as we seem to know Elizabeth of England, and Marie Antoinette so well, through the instrumentality of Ristori. The magnanimity, the simple dignity, the saintly resignation, the patient fortitude, the wronged affection, the sincere piety, the mental suffering, and the mournful self-compassion of Katherine of Ajragon, are exhibited, not with consummate art, but with feminine insight and apprehensive sympathy. A woman's feelings are analysed by the aid of a woman's intuitions ; and these reveal to us traits of character, nuances of feeling, and shades of emotion, such as would elude the scalpel of masculine dissection. And so with Mary Tudor. Froude's description of the " forlorn hours when she would sit on the ground with her knees drawn to her faceand of "the restless days and nights when, like a ghost, she would wander about the palace galleries, rousing herself only to write tearblotted letters to her husband;" requires to be illustrated, as it was by Miss Dargon, on the stage, in order to enable us to affirm the justice of his remark, that these things leave little room for other feelings than those of pity towards the wretched queen. To have seen this gifted actress in the two characters we have just named is to extend our knowledge of history, and to place two portraits in the picture gallery of our memory which will remain there while remembrance lasts. 