PAGAN AND PAPAL HOLY WATER STOCK, PRAYERS, AMULETS, FUNERALS, BELLS. BY 8IGNOR GIOVANNI FERRERO, BB.L# The rite of sprinkling men, living or dead, with holy water, their houses, their temples, garments, &c.;, is not to be found in the Israelitic ritual. There was a laver in the wilderness for the priest and the Levites to wash themselves and their garments. There was the water of separation mixed with ashes of the red heifer, for the purification of the Israelite who had touched a dead body; but the water was not sprinkled by the priest on the man or objects, but man and objects were washed in the mystic water, and the blood only of the heifer was sprinkled directly before the tabernacle of the congregation by the priest, who after had to wash his clothes and bathe his flesh in water (Numbers xix). This washing of water mixed with the ashes of the red heifer is a touching type .of our sacrificed Lord, whose life was so perfectly offered to God as a victim without spot and without blemish, so sinless in his walk, and so holy in his inner sentiments and thoughts, that now the Holy Ghost symbolised in the living water (see John vii. 38, 39), applies to our own souls the words of Christ, as the blessed antitype of the ashes of the rod heifer. How different is the meaning of the Papal lustration from the Israelitic ritual, and how mystifying is sprinkling of the aqua sancta over man and objects Papal Rome, like Pagan Rome, sprinkles dead bodies, while the priest of Israel washed his living flesh, or the Levite, or the Israelite who had touched a dead body, or the articles appertaining to the corpse, washed themselves from head to feet m the rumyng water. The Israelitic type is foreshadowing the moral pollution that the believer contracts while lie is in this world, and walking in the midst of moral corpses, dead in their trespasses and their sins, and getting more or IBBS defiled in our mmd, affections, and actions. But the words of a crucified Christ burned without the camp like the red heifer reminds us that He suffered death for our sins; and wherefore Jesus also that He might sanctify the people with His own blood, suffered without the gate (Heb. xiii. 11—13). What analogy, therefore, has the Papal ablution with the Israelitic washing 1 None whatever; but all the analogy is to be found in the Pagan tuBtration. Let us investigate the truth of my assertion. . t Let us fancy we are in the Forum m the times ot Scipio; let us follow his funeral procession and watch the proceedings. Through the bustling streets, out through the city gates, the famous porta capena, out on the Appian Way streams the Ions line of mourners. The procession halts. Ane bier has reached a spot not far from the tomb, whereon a great pile is erected; the bier is placed on the top. The priest advances and sprinkles the pile with sacred water from the sacred Tiber; and when the voracious flames have reduced to ashes the corpse the priest sprinkles the relatives of the deceased and their household thrice with pure water. The family and friends of the departed make then: way back along the Appian Road, and on reaching the house the priest, who accompanies them, sprinkles them again, and leaves them to mourn or to rejoice over the memory of the gone one. The holy water stock or pot has changed the name in the Romish Church, but the thing has not changed. Every Pagan household had one of them, and every house of Roman Catholics has the blessed vase called aqua santino, or benedittino, or benUier. In the little vessel of earthenware for the poor, or of china or silver for the richer, there are pictured or engraved saints, madonnas, or crucifixes, and filled with holy water blessed on the Saturday of the holy week, hangs over the bed with a branch of olive, on every Roman Catholic bedroom. At the entrance of the Roman Catholic churches there are large pillars with large basins of marble or stucco containing the holy water, which is made holy by putting in it salt and a slice of lemon—an improvement in the sacredness over the Pagans, who were content by using it as God created it. But Papal Rome always improves God's creature by adding or taking away from God's word. The Pagan temples like those of Papal Rome had these basins at the entrance of them for their ablutions, and the water was called aqua lustratis. My readers will read with pleasure the description of the ceremony of the holy water as performed on Holy Saturday at San Giovanni Laterano by the officiating cardinal. The service begins with prayers over the font (fons baptisitnaUs or baptisterium, containing about two tuns of water, and the font was once a sarcophagus), the choristers chant portions of the Scriptures which have no analogy with the ceremony. First, the cardinal makes the Bign of the cross over the water, and with his hand he divides it in four parts ; then he crosses the air above, and sprinkles the atmosphere with the few drops left on his hand, and turns himself to the four quarters of the globe, and he is kind enough to bless both antipodes, while he breathes three times over the water. (See Funzioni della Settimana Santa, page 37). Then a big taper, which is called Cereitm Paschale, or the pascal taper, all painted with devices of the Passion and Ascension of our Lord, and, with five balls made of incense, fixed in form of a cross, representing the five wounds of our Lord's body, this big taper is gently immersed three times little by little in the water, first just an inch below the surface, then to the half of the water, the third to the very bottom. Then a small quantity of oil and of chrisma, then a little salt and Blices of lemon, littleby little, then the whole of a glass of oil, chrisma, and the rest of the oil and lemon is poured at once. The cardinal stirs the^ whole with his pontifical hand in the form of the cross, and this done he sprinkles the clergy and devoteeB, and all are sanctified by the holy water. And now by all the sacredness of the truth either as in Jesus, or if you like, as in Moses, t^iero has Papal Rome the authority from God's Word aa to such rite of making holy water ? Were they not blessed by God Himself when gathering to. getlier. of the waters. " God saw that it was good" (Gen i. 10). But Papal Rome implicitly says— " They are not good, as they need the Church consecration ; they are only good when they are mad* holy by the rite of the Church." The rest of this rich subject to be concluded (D.V.) in the next number. 386 