;^f^'&mitybelle.; &' fFBOM A iOoMSSmNDmiT.A NlMTrrDEi.nE)»Tts'%6cn very misor able, -lull, wintly, snow ing, and rain Ins those -last few weeks. I siin no furthor progress of our school. Ono of ourcommitteemenof the school rocoived a letter from tho Council of Education, asking what premises are, available for a school, but he seems to take no* interest in the school, although a committee man. : Thereareat least two or three places fit fop a. school. It is a great shame, I say, to harp such committee men who prpfem to take so much interest in the affair. They aro just the same as I called them before, vie., mules. It is a scandalous thing to think that every other bit of a place has a school, but hero is our town without any of any sort. What can you call bur committeemen T There are 40 to 50 children hero running about, up to all' sorts of mischief, whereas if they were at school they might bo learning something more beneficial. I say what are our com mitteemen thinking about? And then what must be the anxiety of the mothers of those children when ttiey: know they carinot go to school, to keep them out of mi&chief;, because our committcemon are all aslucp? Then, another thing, when a mother puts on clean clothes, the very noxt minute, or as soon as the mothers' back is turned, there (the youngstera) are up to their neck in mud and dirt. Again it is a great shame to sec all of tho children growing up in tho ignorance of their forefathers, who are to blame for all thin. Why, I say it is tho Council of Education, the Committee, and the fathers of tbcchildren who aro to blaino. Here is my rouch idea as to who arc to blame, and what* (or: — 1st. The Council of Education ought to establish a school, when they know the particulars of the school which they abolished. 2nd. The Com mitted' (or, better as I said before, tho mutes) who advertised in your issue that thero was to be a public moot ing held at Nimitybeliq to got a public school, &a; What have they «ono in tho matter f Why, anyone with a tongue would exclaim in stantaneously , ' Nil,!' or nothing. 3rd. Tho fathers of the children ought .to urgo the committeo ana the Council to get tho school established at once. .Don't bo frightened with pastoral ghosts. My opinion of the whole affair is that tho committee and the people don't caro if there hover' is a school established. Whiif.t over way it is, I uhnuld Hko to sec the school started, which, in my opinion, wo ought to have hod long ago, ami. in full work ing order. It is vujhorfid, how.that. Mr. G.-S. Paull -Is 'appointed to .hero,' but I cannot sco how it can bo so, as I have not. hqai*4 that' there- is a school yet, but if there does happen to' be a school established hero I advise the poople to send down a petition and secure Mr. 0. S. P&jiU;'s services, as by what lean hear, hois everything that lye require, so there fore he. will just bo tho right person in, tho right place. There is a ppti tibn on foot, I see, to try and secure the services '. of ilio above named ' gentleman if possible. 'Mr. Paull is well trained; aiid careful. ; ' / . The weather snowing, and raining ivory, hard. ... 