SOUKOE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. À BEADTiPOi. parson is the natural form ot a beautiful soul; The mind builds its own house, The soul takes preoedeuce of tbe body, and shapes the body to KB own likeness. A vacant mind takes ali the meaning out of the fairest face.. A sensual disposition deforms tbe handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart Bhriveis' and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure and all the character put of the countenance. A cherished hatred transforma the most beautiful linea- ments into'sn'image: of ugliness. It. is as impassible topreisorva good looks with a brood bf bad passions feeding on the blood, a Bot of low lovoa tramping - through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful Bpirit enthroned in the will, as to preserve tho beauty of an elegant mansion with i a litter bf swine' in tbo base- ment,-a tribe al gipsies in the . parlour and owls and vultures in the upper part. Badness and beauty will no more keep company a great while than will consort with health, or un elegant oárv ing Burvive the furrj'noo fire. The experi- ment of putting them tugetborhas boen tried for thousands of yoare, but with one unvary- ing result. : There ia .no sculptor like the mind. There is nothing that so refinea, polishes and ennobles focó and mien us the obnstaut presence of great', thoughts. The. man,who lives in 'the region of ideas, moon- beams- though they, be,'.becomos idealised. There ara so arts, no gymnastics, no cos- metics wkiob can contribute ia tithe so much pf the dignity, tbe strength, the ennobling of a man's looks, as n great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, an un \- quenchable enthusiasm. But more powerful still'than''any;bf these as a. beautifier of thé porson id the overmastering purpose and pervading ? disposition of kindness ia the heart.-, Affection is .:. tho or gahisibg foroo in tho human - consti- tution. Woman .is fairer than man because ehe has .more, affection tliau man. Loveli- ness ia the outside of love. Kindness, sweot- . ness, goodwill, a prevailing dosire and determination, to make'others happy, make the body a temple of the Holy Ghost. The soul.that is foll of para and generous affeo tione,';.,fnubion3 tho features, into its..own angelic likeness, os; the roBO, by , inherent impulsé,' grows in grace .'arid blossoms ..into loveliness whioU art cannot equal. There is ,:nothing bri. earth.' ivhiôh. so, qúiokly, trans-, figures a personality) réfines/ exalts; ir Iradiates with' hoaven's ,01111 impress , of loveliness, as a pervading, preyalliug kindness of heart.' , The ange's are beautiful beoauso ' they aro'Hood, and.Gj'd is beautiful buoausû He là love.' -Christian Globe. 