UN.... DER· THE BRIDGE. I DON'T believe in ghosts--ob, no, air. Our pastor tells me-our good old pastor, with his snow-white hair and great white forehead--how that there are no such things, for God would not or does n'oi' allw it ; and surely he knows better than me; who have ?iever been anythiii g?but a poIr murse-maid. Brit for 'l tbat, what I tell you, happened. I- wouldn't tell a lie. Good gracious me where would be the use of ii, even if I didn't y.;.i.::know my ten commandents better ? ' u-iJiutT'h sure it wasn't a ghost, only ayjrl;e iasort of vision, which :? take to be, if you please, a dream dreamt while you're wide awake ; though' 1I would'nt make so bold as to say so for sure, seeing I'u.as' always foot of my class ia defini iols ,when I 'went to-school., ILhad a year'd Lchooling, and:I shudder all over when I think of the multiplicaiion, table, and the keepings in, and, the sctandinks on" be'fches, and tthe can e. W...asn't I. glad, though, when aunt came tone ria fast a's she could one day, for it" was, a liot, norning, and she was fat- cook she was at ?rs. Grenoble s-aand: says to me, says sh ;, d Here now, here's a 'chance for you. bMissus she wants a nuse-maid, a young gal that has no bad habits, _nor vulgar ways o' talkin', and is neat and clean, and it's an easy place, for it's only for Master Charlie, just four to-day, and she's the sweetest lady ever lived and breathed the breathof life. It's a place for you, you won't get agin, Betty Baker," says she, sitting down and wiping her face, for she was broiling. " Well, " says I, "tbank you, annt,' and thank you kindly; but ,-rwould I:suit? rMlaybe I have bad "'"its, and perhaps my way of talking is vulgar. I know I'm not genteel." r Says she, "You've allers took natral to speaking lady-like, though where you come by it, goodness knows. I think it's the schoolin' and that's my only trouble, Betty, takin' you from your larnin ;d When she spoke of school I felt decided.: If once I went to service I'd dne' witlihthat for ever. Up I . 'll go and -try, aun't," says I "Ih can but be refused," "Put on your best things, " says she, " and come along." SoI did, and, to cut a long story 'short, the' lady engaged me. I never was so pleased in my life, and that afternoon I went to bid good-bye.to the school-mistress. ."Going to leave, Betty Baker?" she said. "Yes,. miss," said I ; "I have got a place." "'Ah," said she, "it's a. pity, Batty. You'd have made great im provenient soon, I think. You were much better in your tables. You knew ten times and apothecaries' -weight without a mistake last Wed nesday." SYes, miss," said I, not daring to tell how Lucy" Peters prompted me. ' But I-must earn my living 'soon anyhow,.and this is a good place." \- " Yes, " she said; " it's a pity though, • Well, read all you can and -try to remember all I've told you. You've been a very good girl, Betty." "And she gave me her cheek to kiss.. * liked her better then than 1 ever Sliked her before. You see she'd never been so kind, and I really left the old school crying-the school I hated so. However, I did.not cry long, and i .was very happy at Mrs. Grenoble's, with aunt in the kitchen to save .nice _bits' for me, and always see that my lea was hot. Mrs. Grenob'e was a pretty young lady, with long fair curls and great blue eyes, and Mr. Grenoble, a stout gent'leman with black whiskers, a deal older than his wife, and Charlie was just like his mother, only with his father's black eyes. People used to stop in the street to speak to him, he was so beautiful and so peculiar, with his pale yellow hair and fair skin and black eyes-so black. 1 loved him dearly, and, Heaven knows I watched him as I would a child of S-my own, if I had ever had one. He was fond of me, too. Betty could quiet him, or get him to take a nap or'be dressed when no one else could. And Mr. Grenoble, the very first Christmas 1 was there, gave me a merino dress for being so good to the child. 1 tell that not to boast, 'for any one would have been good to him but to make myself feel easier about -what I must tell. : I': had been there nearly a year, ?: when we all went together to the country-a nice, quiet place, a good "j;:::ay from Londen and near the river ,idl Severn. Indeed, Mrs. Grenoble :':liked it, because it had such a pretty view of the water from the parlour windows. There was another child by that time, and neither the mother mnor the baby were very. strong, and the doctor ordered them out of town. How master Charlie liked the trees and the water I I never shall forget that, let me live ever so long. " Pretty river, " he used to call it, .and in the night he'd wake up, call ing softly, with a pat of hip fat hand "i Betty,'Betty, take Charlie to the pretty river in the morning time?'" That was the first thing always, to give him his little bath. Mrs. Gre. naeble and I used to go together when she was well enough. At other times 1 went alone. 'So one day, she feeling faint and ill, as she often did, poor lady, I took little Charlie, and we went out for his bath. I had all his clean little things-snow-white every one of them-in a basket on my arm; and we were going along the road, when I saw some boys throwing stones at a poor bird, which was, as I saw, hovering about her nest in a dread 1ul fright for fear they should find it. So my heart bled for the poor thing, and I put down the basket and told Charlie to hold it tight, and went over to them. '"Young gentlemen," saidI ; 4"if you please, don't hurt the bird. It's a wicked thing to do. " They were saucy boys. Squire Oaks' ttwo sons were proud of being ,rich and great, as their father was; '"Who are you, to talk to us?" said one. "Don't mind a servant girl,. Bill!" And the other threw a stone-I'm not sure whether it was at the bird or at me, but it hit my head. I just felt it. strike, and down -I, dropped, and I must have lost my senses, for, when I opened my eyes, there I lay in the middle of a long green field, with the bird ainging in the branches over head, and no one near me. 'I was faint and weak, but the minute 1 could struggle to my feet I did, and got somehow to where I had left Charlie. The basket was there and a piece of cake he had been eating, but the little dear was gone. I called him, but he did not answer, and I ran like one mad down to the river. He wavsn't there. Then I got up to the house somehow. Aunt was at the kitchen window. She screamed out when she saw me, for there was blood on my hair and face it seems. " Where's Charlie ?" said she. Then I knew he had not come home. But I told her all that hap pened, and we hunted the house up and down. Mrs. Grenoble, was in bed in her room. Aunt peeped in there, but never told her what she was looking for, " No need, until we are obliged, my dear," she said. I was. almost crazy by this time, but I had one hope. Perhaps the Oaks' boys had taken him home. I went up there, and they, seeing me come, ran away and hid. But I told their father all the story, and he hunted them out and flogged them. After the flogging one owned to hit ting tme with the stone; but neither of them had seen Charlie. I believe they told the truth then. So there was nothing left to do but to tell Mr. and Mrs. Grenoble. She was almost frightened to death. Some tramp had carried him away, she felt sure. But Mr. Grenoble had not even that hope. He made certain that he was drowned. He did not tell his wife so, but he had the river dragged, and stood watching, the men at their work with a face I never can forget-a white, awful face. Mrs. Grenoble had cried " Why did you leave my darling for a wretched bird ? " But he said " shall never blame you Betty. There is a fate in it. 1It is not your fault. " 1 think dear, pretty Mrs. Grenoble always disliked arid blamed me. He knew the truth, and did not. Oh, 1 came very hear dying. of grief then, though, I write so quietly about it now. But three days passed, and, dead or alive, Charlie was not found; and 1 had not slept all that while. And at last aunt put me to bed with A rce. "Lie still, '" says she, '! and say your prayers, and sleep. It is your duty." So there she left me, looking me It was a great garret room, with: a window over: head almdst. 1 nrever shall forget it. The sunlight coming in, blight and golden, as- though no one was grieved or troubled in all the world. The bit of white ourtain blowing, and the picture of a mother and child, just a coarse print, in a mahogany frame, that aunt had bought because it looked, she said, like Mrs. Grenoble and Charlie, hanging on the wall. And thinking of the picture, aid how Charlie always called it "Ittel Tarlie," trying to say his own name, I went to sleep, and being so weary, 1 slept until midnight. 1 knew that, because just then the moon rose at eleven, and she was high and bright when 1 opened my eyes again. There always was something queer and ghastly in the moonlight to me, and I thought maybe it was that that made the blood in my veins seem to run cold, and yet tingling in them, as it did once when I had a chill. And then 1 found 1 could not move a bit, and 1 tried to speak and could not. 1 could just turn my eyes, and 1 turned them, and there, at the foot of my bed, stood Charlio. Not the real, living 'Charlie, I knew in a moment ; but there he was. His hair was wet, and hung down over his shoulders, and his clothes were wet too, He held out his hands to me, and said " 1 want to get home and 1 can't. The bridge keeps me," 1 wanted to ask "' What bridge ?" ' and he answered me as though I had spoken. "The bridge with big stones, " he said. " One ot 'them keeps me. Tell papa to look there, 1 want him to find me. i'm there drowned. "1 went to, the water and I fell in. Yes, papa will find me if he goes there, under the stones, where, the grass growe. Oh, I want to be brought home; tell papa." .ltaeemed as though 1 should die. I tried to scream, and at last 1 did so, and 1 found I could move. 1 stretched out my arms to catch Charlie, standing there with his white hands held towards me, and his hair' over his shoulders ; but r only caught the air; he was gone. And aunt, hearing me shriek, ran to my room, and 1 told her all 1 had seen. She said I was dreaming, and had a night-mare, and 1 must not tell any one. But 1 did. 1 told Mr Gre noble. He answered -not one word ; but he took a boat and went to the bridge, three miles below, that next day, and there-it's the truth-how could 1 lie about such a solemn thing? there they found what was left of Charlie. The stones of the bridge and some tall grass urfderneath, had somehow fastened the little body in. "Just as he told you, Betty, " said Mr. Grenoble-" amongst the rocks where the grass grew, the tall green rushes, thick along the river side,just there. " "Just as he had told me." 1\. often think of those words. Who told me? Did he? Our pastor says God sent me a dream. That seems a pretty thought; but I was awate, not dreaming.' 1 think of it oftener than any one else, perhaps ;. for Mrs. Grehoble died that autumn, she and her babe, and he was married again and has other children. And 1 am still a poor nursemaid, and have never loved any little child since as I' loved poor drowned Charlie. THE END. 