ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1879. OÍJR Hansard Supplement to-day con- tains a state paper of uncommon importance and significance. We refer to the Treasurer's Financial Statement, delivered to the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday last. Our metropolitan con- temporaries agree in stating that Mr. M'llwraitri's first budget is roost care- fully prepared, and "we think every unprejudiced reader will allow that it affirms sound principles and lays' bare a policy which, if firmly carried out, will confer great benefit uppn .the.colony. Mr. Mcilwraith began by stating that the total revenue for the financial year ending 30th June will be about £1,460,000, or £234,500 less than was estimated by the late Treasurer. The heads " Customs," " Land Sales at Auc- tion,1' " Pre-emptive Purchases," "Selec- tors' Rents," "Surveys," " Duty Stamps," "Telegraphs," and " S. and W. Railway," are all short of the estimate, while " Rents of Runs," " Postal," and " Central Rail- way " show small sums in excess. The i general result/ however, shows that the I warnings given to Mr. Dickson last year are amply justified by the event. But the deficit on 30th June will bc lessened in two ways. The year began with a credit balance, and it is proposed to transfer a sum of ¿in 1,000now lying to the credit of Railway Reserves to Consolidated Revenue, and thus the deficit will be reduced to about £50,000. In preparing his Estimates for next year Mr. M'llwraith sets down the probable receipts at ;£i ,658,000, and the expen- diture at ^1,606,547, leaving an antici- pated surplus of .¿5^,453. Should these estimates be realised the year 1879-80 will close with a trifling credit balance, as thc surplus ofthat year will wipe off the deficiency of the current one. But we all know that there are Supplementary Estimates to come, and that unless " savings " are effected by means of " unexpended voties," the de- sired equilibrium will not be established. However, to everyone who has closely watched the public affairs for the past year ur two, the budget of Mr. M'll- wraith will afford genuine relief. We are much gratified to find in the statement a substantial reproduction, in a well digested form, of the arguments and eenetal policy used and enunciated by Mr. M'llwraith and Iiis collca^i'es for years past Somewhat triumphantly thc honorable gentleman refutes thé-imputa- tion that they had preached extravagance while in Opposition and practised parsi- mony when inoffice. He shows unanswer- ably that whateventheir faults they are thoroughly consistent, and " resolutely determined," if possible to give full effect to the policy which they believe to be demanded by the circumstances of the colony. A great portion of the speech is devoted to a defence of the intended repeal of the Railway Reserves Acts or, at any rate, that portion of them which has the disastrous effect of removing the proceeds of land sales from ' Consolidated Revenue, while the entire burden of interest is saddled upon that revenue. Under ordinary circum- stances the repeal of statutes not yet Ithree years old would be totally indefensible ; but in this case it is pointed out that the passing of these Acts had the effect of a reduction of taxation when there was really no money to spare, and when the entire revenue of the colony was .pledged to payment of current, expenses and fcterest upon the loaos. Had the Act provided that ,£200,000 or ,£300,000 of current revenue should be devoted annually towards paying off the national debt, it would not have made a more absurd or impracticable enactment. Our contemporary, the Courier, approves of the transference of the ' Railway Reserves funds to revenue account, but it thinks Mr. M'llwraith's vindication of so grave a ,step gives his statement the : i character of a party manifesto. But vre hold that he was bound to supply a con- clusive vindication, to refute by antici- pation the charge .that he was committing a breach of faith with the public creditor to carry out a party object. The Treasurer makes his balance - sheet by means of a system of decen- tralisation in" the Works department, by reductions and economies in the other de- partments, a.nd by laying hold of the entire land revenue of the colony. He says it would have been much easier and less invidious to carry on the expenditure on the same scale as before, and pro- pose to . increase his revenue by taxation, through the Custom-house. I But he shows conclusively that it would be unwise and impoltic to Attempt to irfcrease taxation in this manner. He proves that not only does the Queens I lander "contribute far more per head to [ the revenue than is conjBbuted by any other ^Australian Colonist birt that he also labours under a more oppressive [tariff. This is ascertained by applying the tariffs of each of the other colonies -Victoria excepted-to the goods actually imported- into Queensland last year. It is shown that our tariff is more oppressive than that of South Australia by 23 per cent; than that of New South Wales"by 65 per cent; and than that of New Zealand by nearly, 7 per cent. In the face of these figures it. would be impossible, except under dire stress of circumstances, to levy increased imposts through, our Custom-house. The local government scheme is looked to as the chief means of easing" the Treasury. Of the amount spent on roads and bridges the property-owners in each locality will in future be required to contribute one-third. But as a sct-fJnV the public money will be placed in local hands for expenditure, and tn this way much better value will be obtained for-it ., than can be hoped for under the present system. It will pay the property-owners of a large district to contribute £1000 a-year in the form' of a direct tax for the privilege of spending that and an additional £2000 themselves. If the policy of theGovernment be carried out in this respect, the fiscal stress which has lately fallen upon the colony will be one of those blessings in disguise which often in the form ot adversity are of incalcul- able both to communities and to indivi- duals. The loan policy of the Government, however, is perhaps of the greatest im- mediate interest. We are to have three millions of borrowed money spent- in the colony during the next four years, in addition to over a million already in hand. And this money is to be so spent as to fructify, to obviate the necessity for increased taxation, and to place the prosperity of the colony "on a broad and unassailable basis." This, of course, is only on paper ; but ' anyone who reads the Treasurer'!» statement without bias must perceive that the statement is made with all the force of conviction. A much more rose-coloured speech might, have been made. It would have been just as easy, with a big loan in the budget, to have made matters pleasant all round. But this Mr. M'llwraith assures us he will not do. " It is only," he says, " by a strict adherence to this determination-[to spend loan moneys only in reproductive works]-that the Government can find a justification for proposing any further addition to the public obligations." A million and a-half of thc loan is to be devoted to trunk railways to cost not more than £3000 a-mile ; and as a proof of good faith Mr. M'llwraith ex- presses "the belief that Parliament should limit the Government to that amount." The loan will therefore pro- vide for 500 miles of line, in addition to that already authorised. On the Central Railway £24,000 additional will com- plete the line to the 200-mile peg ; and supposing we get half-a-million of the loan, a further extension of 175 miles will bc provided for. This will carry the line to Barcaldine, right into the rich country, and secure the permanent pros- perity of the district. In regard to branch lines, Mr. M'll- wraith lays down the principle that in selecting the localities regard must be had to thc creation of an export trade, and assisting the traffic on the main lines. In this respect, he thinks no district presents more favourable claims than the Darling Downs. But by parity of reasoning l'eak Downs is at least an equally favourable loral'ly, because it is not only adapted to ra'so an export, namely wheal, hut will als.« have a mineral traffic which will assist 10 make a branch linc to Clermont a rcpro ductiye work, an<i also assist to ' make the! main linc fully remunerative. gWe may " therefore reasonably expect; tor Peak Downs a fair share of the £300,000 set down for branch railways, as we pre- sume they will be made at a third less cost than the main lines. The - Loan Estimate also provides £20o,oo©forharbpiir¡mprovérfien^wirioh; will keep the existing works in progress for four years. In that time we may be certain that the navigation of the Fitzroy -despite the hon. Mr. Norton-will have been substantially improved. Our space forbids an extension of comment upon this important statement. But what has been already said affords abundant food for reflection, and im- plants the hope that the Ministry will live down calumny, and not retire from the Government until they have fulfilled the pledges to the letter which they gave at the General Election. We are glad to notice that during last week the Government forces consolidated and increased, for in a party division on the second reading of the Mines Bill the numbers were 27 to 18. The strongest professions of a non-party object were made during .the debate, but at the division the party line was so distinct as not to be mistaken. The evident cause of the accession of strength is the fact that Ministers have enunciated a policy thoroughly adapted to the wants of the colony, and have shown an 'amount of discernment which induces 'Confidence in their capacity as well as ? good intentions. They have " disgnpsed " the public disease with undeniable skill and accuracy. Trre usual .monthly licensing meeting will be held at the Court House at noon to-day. There are only three applications to be dealt with-one for a general publican's license, Brid two for country licenses. WITH a view to meet tho alterations in the postal time table consequent upon the opening of tho railway to Emerald, the Peak Downs Telegram hos changed its publication day from Saturday to Friday, and now issues an early edition on Thursday specially for the Aramac, Blackall, and Springsureiubscrihers. WE learn from the Brisbane papers that tenders were opened at the Works Office on the Oth instant, for the erection of ganlurs' and warders' quarters, Rockhampton Caril. There were two tenders, the lowest being from Mesera, Collins and M'Leau, for. £1553; the other, from Mr. John Ferguson, amounted ts> £2740. MESSRS. David Scott and party notified to the Gold Warden yesterday, that they had taken possession of a quartz claim at Cox's Creek, containing 800 by 400 feet an aban- doned workings. Messrs. T. Davidson and party have made a similar notification in re- gard to portion of the Alabama reef, at the Three- mile Creek,' Crocodile diggings. THE usual monthly sitting of 'Èhe Land Court was held yesterday, before Mr. Com- missioner Wodehouse. The following applica- tions for selections"were made:-No. 1698, James Leach, homestead, 160 acres, parish of Nicholson, accepted; No. 1699,' Freeman Lawrence, conditional, 80 acres, parish of Westwood, accepted ; No. 1700, Hugh Mac- donald, conditional, 225 acres, Tilpal) ro Jeetedu¿jgfhe fallowing applications for cèr ftlBcaff^Ü£¡2~frπ ? conditions went- dnalj; with :-C. H. "7t. Barwell, Nos. 80S, 1001, 1002, Woodlands run, granted'; P. Wallana, No, 461, Westwood, granted ; C. M. Birk- beck, No. 1047, Glenmore, granted ; No. 1046, withdrawn-not sufficient improve- ments. Wv are informed that Mr. Costello, of Ca- warral Station, has been compelled for his own protection to stop all traffic through Iiis pad- docks ; and the Government road outside his fences not having boen made passable for vehicles, the best road leading from Rock- hampton to Emu Park is now closed to the public. It would appear that a very small expenditure would suffice for thc opening of tho Government road. About half a mile beyond Norton's dairy, there ia a stretch of some thirty or forty yards through block soil swampy land, winch might bo mode traversable by cutting a drain .to carry off the water. Fur- ther on there is a gully with precipitous banks which require sloping back, and between these two places there is a patch of lightly timbered land upon which the saplings arc so close aa to be inconvenient even for horsemen. The only work of importance, therefore, is the draining of thc swamp referred to and making a corduroy road through thé worst part of it. With theso requirements attended to, the public road will be superior to that through the Cawarral paddocks hitherto used, and will be equally short. We trust that Mr. Jardine will be able to put the road in order without delay, as a detour of three or four milBS is st present necessary to strike the road leading to tho coast from Cawarral township. WK recently published Un account from the Ipswich Ohvrvrr respecting thc working of the totaliser, which is likely to be introduced at tho cpstilng races here, ltcgarding the framl' which might be perpetrated by the machine, Scniocacrgeant lArkin, in his evi- dence at the Sydney Police Court, as roported by the .?. M. Herald, states, " Thc machine he saw was worked by defendant (Franck) ; fraud could bo perpetrated hy it : the owner, it might he supposed, held thc key of it when ' stop ' is put on (thu machine at this point was before their Worships) ; each person paid .il, amt thene was £31 in the pool ; No. 5, a horse, was only backed once ; No. 5 won thc race ; the owner, if he chose to bc dishonest, could take thc ' stop ' off, and, while thc backers were away, advance No. 5, say 1, when the pool would indicate £32 ; thc ' stop ' would then bc put on ; thc horses would bc in, and the backers would go to thc office for their money ; there they would find that No. 5 was backed twice, although, in point of fact, it was backed only once ; the genuine backer would get only half the pool then, although legitimately entitled to tho whole ; thc owner, by fraudulently pushing No. 5 on 1, and putting in £1, could claim his half share of the pool ; in that way depositors might, in his opinion, ho defrauded ; the per- son, probably thc owner of the machine, who hehl thc key could perpetrate a fraud ; thc public generally left the office to see thc races, and no persons, except defendant sud his assistants, wen* left in it ; ths i.-hancos in thc imliivilinn could bc formal «biriii',' the rinininj ut thc iaci'3; no person would have an interest in channin;: th« figures unless thu race was a certainty or won." The 68th monthly meeting of the Investment and Building Society, Ko. 6, will be held at tho offices of the Secretay (Mr. R, h. Dibdin), this evening, at eight o'olook. THE town appears to have been in a most orderly state daring Saturday and Sunday, as tho charge sheet presented to the Police Magistrate yesterday had a most bare-faced appearance, there'not being a single charge contained in it. THE Government Gazette of May 31 notifies that, on and after the 6th instant, Selection No. 155", area 6(0 acres, in tbs district of Rockhampton, is open to selection by condi. timmi purchase, at five shillings per acre, at the Land Office, leckhampton. IT is notified' in the Government Gazelle of thc 31st ultimo that a dividend ia intended to be declared in the insolvent estate of Patrick Dunne, clerk, of Rockhampton. Creditors who have not proved in the estate by June 20 will be excluded. AK advertisement in another column gives an inkling of the sights in store on Thursday evening for those who admire equestrian per- formances, and there are few 4dio, do not. The ponies seem to be a specialty in Burton'* Circus, and if only half be true of their reported wonderful powers they will be well worth seeing. The gymnasts of the Company are »'ell spoken of in the southern press, and there are other features of interest in the perfor- mance. As the Circus is to stay here only three nights, it will, doubtless be well patronised. "CARITON'S GHOST"has not yet lost its novelty in Rockhampton, there being a capital house at the School. of Arts again last night, and the audience most enthusiastic. The pro- gramme was similar to that 'before noticed, and went off as] successfully as the manage- ment could wish. Mis« Violet Bose was warmly applauded and encored for her excel- lent singing and dancing. Messrs. Down and Clinton also came for a large share of approval, thc Irish and nigger comicalities of the latter being particularly relished. The "Haunted House " brought this, hovel and mysterious entertainment to a.close. To-night there will he another performance, and during the week an exhibition is promised for the benefit of the Hospital. Ir thc attendance at the Theatre may be taken as a critction, the drama of the Octoroon proved one nf the most successful pieces yet represented. At the fall of the curtain after each act a recall was demanded, and the performers greeted with well-deserved ap- plause. Miss Stephenson , personated the Octoroon in her mn.il clever manner, and the sympathies of the audience were with .her in every, scene, heir acting being highly appre- ciated. As jaeoli ä'Closky, Mr. Hesford. folly sustained the reputation he has gained in previous performances hore, and was well rewarded by the applauso of the audience. Mr.", T. C. Mortyno (Salem' Scudder) gained favour by his impersonation of the character. As Dora Stinnysidm, Miss Patty Holt was most agreeable. . The Indian Wali-no-Ux-with his pantomimic motions, was personated by Mr.' Wills, who vaia as effective in the role as on previous. occasions. The minor characters^oall for no special mention. Miss Bogers played Paul to the best of ber ability, and rendered great assistance in the songs introduced into ¿he drama, which,, with the choruses and soft refrains, were well 1 received. Messrs. Clinton, ' Patterson, and Kennedy, in their respective, characters, '"jere excellent/ <MJÍ «rred to make the draine*.s success, - -' ? - ^pç,* THE Mineral Oils' Bill was much improved" by its passage through Committee of the Legislative. Council.. As drawn,,-the bill provided, that in the event of kerosene oil being imported that was inflammable -below a temperature of 115 Fahr., it shonld he for- feited and destroyed or Otherwise disposed of. But there was a proviso that on payment of the duty the Collector "of Customs might deliver thc oil, after it had been coloured by the admixture of some material ordered by the Governor in Council. ThiB proviso, however, was strongly opposed by the two commercial members of thc House-Messrs. Hart and Box-and ultimately the Postmaster- General consented to its omission. As tbe bill now stands, therefore, after 1st September next no illuminating mineral oil below the standard of 110 degrees can be legally imported ; but another clauBo provides that after that date owners of euch low-class oils may have them coloured by tho Customs authorities, or may re-export them uncoloured. The standard of 110 degrees for the flashing point is high. In Victoria and the United Kingdom it has always been 100 degrees, but the Legislative Council appear to have been guided by the circumstance that in the United States, where the oil is procured and manufactured, the standard is 110 degrees, while in one of the States it has been fixed so high as 140 degrees. But so far as we can learn 110 degrees will lie a perfectly safe limit, Thc bill has yet to pass the Assembly, hut it is likely to become law, probably in a modified form. _'_ A RETURN laid on the table of the Legisla- tive Assembly a few days since shows the expenditure of moneys voted by the Legisla tive Assembly in connection with thc Philadelphia Exhibition. Thc payments to Commissioners within the colony amounted to £730. This was in connection with tho pre- paration and transit, of exhibits. Ko less than £23S0 appears under thc head of " Payments to A. Mackay, Queensland Com- missioner to thc Philadelphia Exhibition," and a foot-note states :-"The payments to Mr, Mackay were made on the authority of special Executive Minutes, and the Government are not in possession of any vouchers showing how the sums have been expended." After this information thc items will not cause much surprise. They aro,-"Grant to defray ex- penses, £1000; for purchase of Models, Imple- ments, &c;, £500; additional sum, £200 ; ditto towards expenses of Exhibition, £180 ; to visit and report on sugar cultivation in the West Indies. £500." This expenditure was de- cidedly irregular, and wc understand that Mr. Mackay is cither unable or unwilling to pro- duce vouchers. It seems that Mr. Mackay had no less than £1500 for his own personal use while acting as Exhibition Commissioner, and that while his models and implements cost thc colony £700, they only realised, on sile by Mr, Arthur Martin, of Brisbane, £3S8 ls. Od., of which £134 3s. Cd. was swallowe 1 up in expenses of sale, principally in advertising ou a most " lilicr.il " scale. The total amount spent on thc Philadelphia Ex- hibition was Ci.">03 l.")s. lld. lt is rumoured that several wernher* uf thc Assembly aro de- termined to have this expenditure ventilated, .md thnt Mr. .M.-iek.iy nill li ? iuvitwl to state, from his place in thc House, how he spent thc money for which vom-licm arc not forth- coming. THE return of operations in the Govern- ment Savings Bank for the month of May show that, on the 31st day of that month, the amount to the credit of 15,426 depositors «as £608,681 11s. 7d., showing a decrease for the mopth of £5313 15s. 7d. There were 517 new acconuts opened, and the total sum deposited was £35,854 15s. lOd. The withdrawals numbered 2025 ffor an amount of £41,497 15s. 9d. There was an increase of 60 in the number of accounts and 3008 in the number of deposits. AN intemperate paragraph appears in the Courier of the 6th instant, with respect ito the treatment of Mr. Angus Mackay, in moving his motipn requiring the balance of money voted for the Board for inquiring into the diseases of Live Stock and Plants to be placed absolutely at ¿he Board's commtnd. In his speech Mr. Mackay, as empirics are wont to be, was civilly offensive to everyone who was' not prepared to admit the immaculateness of the Board, and he was rather sat upon in con- sequence. But the Courier accuses Ministerial members of "larrikinism" on the occasion, which, a correspondent informs ns, was wholly unjustifiable. Several members who desired to speak to the question refrained, it is said, at the request of their leaders, because it was thought that to inflict further punishment might convert Mr. Mackay into a martyr. THE Health Officer, Dr. Salmond, received a very re-assuring telegram yesterday morning from Dr. Sullivan, the Surgeon-superintendent of the Scottish Lassie, Both patients are reported to be improving. The passengers had been provided with fresh provisions, and everything done which would render their detention as pleasant as possible. Disinfec- tants have also been freely used, and if the report to-day be of a similarly encouraging character to that received yesterday it is probable that the immigrants may be brought to town to-morrow. As previously stated, Dr. Salmond goes down to the ship to- night. It is to be hoped that there will be no occasion to place the ship in quarantine ; but should typhoid have declared itself Dr. Salmond has no alternative, however painful the duty may be, but to see that the regula- tions are strictly carried out. TELEOBAPH STATION AT KIMBERLEY.-With reference to the rumoured intention of the Government to close the telegraph station at Kimberley, concerning which an indignation meeting was held at Normanton on May 30, we (Courier) learn that the annual cost of maintaining the station ,is £500 odd. The average number of messages yearly sent from Kimberley is 207, which, bring in an average of 2s. each, so that the cost of each message to the Government, owing to the expenses of the staff, amounts to £2 12s. Gd., exclusive of the loss incurred by paying interest on the capital I expended in constructing the Jine. | DAM AT SARDINE CREEK:.-The dam at Sardine Creek, about seventeen miles on this side of Muttaburra'(says the Aramac ¿fail) is a croat acquisition to the district, lit is just above the crossing of the creek, and ita waters, visible for some distance to a traveller bound westwards, are a pleasant and refreshing sight. The retaining wail is 224 yards ion«, and, ten feet high where the water is deepest.. When the dam is full the water is that width far three or four hundred yards np the creek. Here it becomes narrower and tapers away to the head, s!bout three-quarters of a mile further np. Along the bed of the creek, which is wide,' varying from «even to twenty yards, the depth of the water averages from, twelve to,»fourteen 'feet, and shoals gradually from this.jdepth to tbe.sides. . ? . - SALB or FORFEITED RUNS.-There was a good attendance at the sale of the unexpired terms of leases ot forfeited rana, ' held 'yester- day morning, (says the Courier of thiPUh instant) at Mr. .'Arthur Martin's anction ror^s, Queen-atmjt,-hrA there were few oomptótós. ? No offer was made for {the Leichardt Downs No. ll únrésumed run, Burke district, in which the available areli is' estimated at 40 square miles. The Geari nnsnrveyed run, 60 available jMtaara miles, was purchased r£y Messrs. Jonfl George Dougherty fend '-George Dougherty, «nd reallied 15s. ' per square mite' -the upset price. The surveyed runs were all sold with the exception of Boyne, <n"|jhe Warrego district, for which no offer was MMe: The upset; price waa obtained for the re- mainder of those runs, with the exception of Tooleybuck No. 6 run, in the Gregory North district, which realised 20s, per square mile, Ss. more than the upset pnce. Tooleybuck No. 3 run, in the Gregory North district, was purchased by Mr. Walter Douglas ¡ Tooleybuck No. 4, by Mr. John Macfarlane ; Tooleybuck No. S. by Messrs. Barry and Lyons t and Crescent No. 2, by Mr. W. Miles. Goshen, in the North Kennedy district, was purchased by Mr.Wlliam M'Dowall and Ada Sarah Coutts ; and the Barradeen, in the Warrego district waa purchased by Walter Food and Co. THE WESTSRS BOA».-The Aramac Mail says the rood out west via Muttaburra and Winton is on the whole a good road, but to make it available for stock in all seasons certain improvements are imperatively de- manded. Between Muttaburra and Winton there is a stretch of seventy mileB of country which for nine months of the year may 'be expected to he destitute of water, We [Mail) understand that sites for the necessary dams alons this dry portion of the road have been already decided on, and it is to be hoped the work will he taken in hand before fong, as when this dry tract is made practicable for stock the Far West will be able to communi- cate with the coast in almost any season. Were there an alternative road, this dry country would not be the detriment it is now, but the only other track-that leading to Townsville^-js raid to be far worse than our own, as far as water is concerned. Between Muttaburra and Aramac the worst part of the road is just on this side of Muttaburra. The ground there is low, and intersected by ena-, ranches of the Thompson river. These ana- branches are a swim when the bridge over the river may be crossed dryshod. Between the dam at Sardine Creek and Saltern Creek there are over thirty miles without water. The Government have fixed on n site for a dam which will make two stages of this thirty milos. At present, however, a thirsty horse has to find that promises to make a dam will not give him a drink. TUE NEW MAIL ARIIAKREMENTK.-The Prut Doini« Telegram of Cth instant says : Thc mail service between Emerald Downs and Olermmit is now alt that could be desired. Thc Postmaster-General, on having his attention called to the anomalies of the new timetable, at ouce made the needed alterations, and the residents here have a clear day after the arrival of each mail to reply tn corres- pondence. Thc Copperfield and Aramac time- table is not quite so satisfactory, as by thc existiiig arrangements tho Aramac ]>eoplc hare a whole day-though it is Sunday-to write their business letters, while at this end only two hours (after allowing an hour for sorting and delivery) are nvailaMc for the disposal of our Aramac business, and that is at night, after business hours. It is evident, however, that if the mail happened to be behind time, we should lase our opportunity of reply. Wc understand that Mr. H. H. I Thompson and Mr. It. Lea have agreed to ! recommend the following altcralion, viz., that the Aramac mail (ns well as that coastwise) | should be dispatched on Friday morning, in j which case it would reach Aramac on Sunday j evening, and would leave again, on return, nt I Hmm on Monday, arriving nt Clermont about midday on Thursday. Thc advantage of this | arrangement would bc thnt tho Aramnc I residents would have half a day tm Monday, ! (instead of Sunday) to reply to their business correspondence, and wc would have hnlf-a-dav on Thursday. This we fancy, would suit all patties better. There is just one objection. The Aramio district mail from the sooth would be detained a whole day in Clermont, and the Arm ac people have therefore a right to be heard in the matter. We have bad our requirements so far aa related to direct mail communication, and have no with to dictate to others, though the arrangement re- commended has its advantages. As the Postmaster-General will have all these con- siderations placed before him in the oom mvnicatipn referr^'M-w#Jflaedp*y BO »nore on the subject. 