Ptirotoy The Witch of Mndor and Modern SpiritiiatisM : A Serinah preached in St. Paul's, Melbourne, on Sunday, November 10th, .1878, by William P. Pearce, M.A. (Melbourne : Samuel Mullen, Collins street east.) The writer of this sermon gets rid by very summary processes of the supernatural element from the narrative of Saul's visit to the witch at Endor. Saul himself is not stated to have seen the spirit of Samuel. The woman probably recognised the king, and, fearing to disappoint him, feigned an apparition. As for Samuel's prophecy, Dr. Carpenter's lectures make it plain that that was a delusion of Saul's own. overwrought brain. To the reader, who is hardly convinced by these assumptions, an alternative view is offered. Granted that Samuel's ghost did appear to Saul, the witch had nothing to do with the apparition. There is not a word in Scripture of power being given to man to call back the spirits of the departed, and so far was the witch from expecting her incantation to succeed that she cried out in alarm at the first sight of the spectre. This latter point is, no doubt, a sound one, and the argument founded on it — that the rising or Samuel was tne ijorcrs doing and not tne work or tne sorceress — is, we believe, just. God had broken in upon her unhallowed incantation with a true message. Samuel came to Saul as Elijah came to Ahab, not for any summoning of hers, but because God sent him. Still, Mr. Pearce, we think, goes too far when he discredits all necromantic pretensions per se. That trafficking with familiar spirits was more than imposture may be conclusively proved from Holy Scripture. And it is in connection with this traffic that in Isaiah viii. 19, 20, we have a strong remonstrance against the practice of. consulting the dead on behalf of the living, not on the ground of its futility or absurdity, but because of the slight so passed upon the God of Israel, to Whom alone His people should seek. We find the same weakness in Mr. Pearce's short method with the spiritists at the end of his discourse — the power to which they lay claim has never been given them by God, there fore they are all of them impostors. That it has not been given the Bible testifies ; but in the very same pages we find evidence that it has sometimes been taken without leave. Neither the theory of impos- ture nor that of hysterical temperaments, or of minds spell-bound by the predominance of a self-conceived idea, will account for all the j phenomena of spiritism. Any one who thinks it will can only j have made a very superficial examination of the subject. There is charlatanism and to spare among its public adepts ; but you _ j will never grapple effectually with its influence while you simply j treat it as an unmitigated sham. The unanswerable reply which f the believer has to all its alleged miracles js, that, whether sober I matter of fact, or a lie incarnate, they are not and cannot be of \ God, What God avenged upon the Canaanites by driving them | out of their land cannot be pleasing to Him now among Christian | people in a Christian land. What was abomination before God I then cannot be holiness to the Lord now. Mr. Pearce's sermon, how- | ever, leaving out the parallel with Macbeth, quite unnecessary to the | argument, and as ornament much too elaborate for our taste, is | a striking and original composition, written in a very plain and | effective style. We commend his concluding words to our readers : — | 'We must pray for grace and strength to strive (or, to use the | apostle's phrase, to ' wrestle') against this unwholesome longing to | penetrate that which is hidden from us, feeling sure that He who | came on earth to teach us all things necessary for us to know, would I have imparted this knowledge to us had it been wise or right that I we should know it. There was no spiritualism, no dallying with the s| powers of darkness, in His pure, plain, practical teaching ; and in, $ bequeathing to us His word and His truth— a priceless legacy, guarded | with anxious care by a long line of apostles and prophets — He has | enabled us to withstand those powers in the evil day, and, having | done all, to stand. The art of magic entered largely into His tempt- | ation. ' The prince of the power of the air' urged him to do what ? | witches pretended to do — to create food at will, to sail through the ! air, and, by the offer of a spell as powerful as Aladdin's lamp, to | possess ( all the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them,' And | ao He was tempted, so are we. But if we look to spiritualism to give us our hearts' desire, we shall be grievously disappointed. The spirits never tell us anything we want to know, anything that will be of real use to us. The drivel of an idiot is sound sense as com pared with the rubbish that their tables and slates profess to reveal to us ; and it is sad and humiliating to think that persons who would be very angry if we were to question their possession of the ordinary faculties of reason and reflection, should be deluded by it. Let us be satisfied. God has bestowed divers good and perfect gifts upon us ; but He has not included in those gifts the power of foretelling the future or calling back the spirits of the past. God grant that if we are tempted to arrogate this power to ourselves, or are in danger of becoming the dupes of others, we may remember the words of our blessed Lord in the wilderness, 'Get thee hence, Satan : for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord' thy God, and Him only shalb thou serve.' ' 