SCEPTICS BUILD ON SAND. BY W. 11. VAK DOREN, D.U. If saints are wise " men of tho world are wiser," so saith our Lord. We call sceptics unreasonable. If we mean they have not a good reason for their unbelief, we speak wide of the truth. If a man's brother is asleep in that dwelling, need we wonder why he cried, when they were storing powder there: Stop till I arouse my friend ? " It is curious to follow the various methods they adopt, to remove all that disturbs their repose. One is very popular now the long loud Kphesiancy of " Down with dogma!" This word signifies anything positively decreed, and as equivalent to doctrines— such as the Trinity of the Godhead; man's depravity ; the sinner's helplessness apart from Spirit's aid ; Christ's atonement for sin, Ac. First, conscience and all the fears that are aroused by that remaining element of Divinity iu man, are all quieted by believing that souls do not need a Creator. If I were transcribing the dreams of the inmates of a lunatic asylum, could I surpass tho ravings of some, whose names stand high among Liberals and Scientist ? A scholar of unquestionable ability was Hartman. He denied there was any God, save the Unconscious Absolute the same as the " world el-ether"—the lifeelement of worlds ! Another Liberal named Venetiauer, has written a work denying the being of God, but holding a system called 1 Panpsychism," that is, making all nature a kind ot' soul! Still another, whose name is well known, the celebrated Strauss—-vho tried to prove tho Bible a collection of fables—denies the being of God. What kind of a creator does he give us in the place of the eternal Jehov;ih of the Bible? He calls on all Christians to renounce their faith in the everlasting God, aud adore the " Uuwersum or World. All," a mighty machine that has no more mind than a locomotive engine! Another prophet appears among Liberals with a now god, and he asks all men to give up up their faitli in an Almighty Creator, ami believe in protoplasm! Ancl what is this stranger " which neither we nor our fathers " ever adored? Professor Huxley attempts to aecount for the phenomena of all natural life and spirit as springing from yerm's. He holds that the brain, with all the powers of reasoning, came from the chemical grouping of particles of matter. He holds that we are sure of nothing but impressions, and if there is a God, " He is unknown and unknowable ! Still another light has arisen, aud, with true genius, explored the realms of science. " While living," Dr. McCosh well says: "ho went through the universe as on the wing of an ang-el and, returning, reported he found no vestige of God, and yet he knew that there must be a cause for effect, and resolving to deny there was a God, affirmed that all things were originated by, and curried _pn, l»y law!" Beyond this, the splendid intellect of Humboldt did not go. We wight ask: Was there ever a law without a laww giver? Was there ever a lawgiver without a to ill? • Was there ever a will without a person ? Now all these attempts only prove God's Word: " Madness is in. the hearts of the sons of men." But "there is a method in all this madness. These scholars did not act without a reason, and a good reason, too. On his own confession Lord Byron tells us that such was the strength of his passions, that, in his dreams, he gnashed his teeth so as, actually to crush several of theml If remorse of conscience is not the secret of unbelief, we have misjudged the records of the human mind, as well as the Holy Ghost. What mean these words of terrible emphasis—" I trill have peace, thoui/h I athl drunenkncss to thirst ? If these words do not paint the fiery surges rolliug over the soul of a guilty spirit, God reads the heart in vain. II. What mean these fierce assaults on dogma, i e , the doctrines of the Bible ? Let us admit the truth of the Gospel, and the inquiry arises, What conceivable objections can Liberals, and other infidels, have to tiie fact ? We answer " much every way, but chiefly because they destroy peace of mind. Adroit that men are depraved, then must there be a remedy." If this be conceded, that remedy demands a Saviour, and a Saviour implies all j that Christianity unfolds. Yield those claims, and the only alternative is, repentance or perdition. But if men are resolved to sin on, they cut the Gordian knot, by denouncing' dogma, and thus hush the fears of conscience. The Old "Testament they blasphemously style a " bundle of Hebrew old clothes ; " and ignore all such por* tions of it as are obscured by the dark shadow of tie Hebrew God"—the New Testament as a system that was the outgrowth of Christ's pretensions—a brilliant youth of Galilee—and the Pauline theory woven on those teachings. III. One more singular fact remains. Why are the infidels so zealous to advance their destructive theories V We believe this secret can also be unco vera!. It is well known that a traveller who is uncertain of the right road talks much about the matter, while one who is sure he is right, silently pursues his way. Note, also, when a man has a large amount of bad stock of any kind, on his hands, how eloquently he talks it up! Thus Shenstone described the coward boy passing a graveyard, who '' Whistled to keep his spirits up," and Sir Isaac Newton writes: " Finding a sufficient reason, be content with that." When we find as bold and daring a spirit as Tyndall's, P^march up to the Fountain of Life and affirm —I find no Creator ! the words of the Holy Ghost flash across the mind : " The fool hath said in his heart there is no God." His hypotheses he names science, and to these dreams he bodly tells mankind all religion and morals must bow. With the very next breath Professor Tyndall utters this self-condemnation: "In fact the whole process of evolution shows a 2 }0>l ' er absolutely inscrutable to man." Here is the boasted triumph of science ! He points to the heavens, filled with countless shining suns—a Power begat thein we cannot find out ; he points to the mountains, seas, hills, trees, rocks —a Power begat them we cannot comprehend. Now, we ask, can there be any cause within the grasp of the mind, which binds sucli infidels as see this Power; hear this Power, feel this Power, to deny that Power is God Almighty— but siit—a dread to meet that Power—a fear of the wrath of that Power ? What a ruin is wrought by leaving God ! What a dark future ! What restlessness now ! All the dreams of sceptics end in unrest, and the coming gloom ever faces their remorseful faces. What else can solve the tremendous forebodings of Strauss, Tyndall and others ? A child can see that they trembled while in the act of defying God and the judgment morn! Their foundations are sand. 