THE JOINT PASTORAL AND TIIE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT . (Bv a Til UK Cathomc.) ' l.ex uobet loco leiiiporique i'-w convenient — hi. l.u<lnru IXinntl. lib. 2, c;ip. X. A law ought to bs adapted to the place nnd time. " Now, the end of tho couriiaudmjiit Is charily frnm a pure hmrf an 1 11 c/in 4-li'tii>> mirl :tn tiiifpi-'M'Ml fililh. From which things some, going astray, arc turned usldu to vuln talk. Desiring to be teachers nf Clio law, understanding neither tho things they my, nor whereof they affirm. But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully." 1 Timothy, e. 1, v. a— 8. I. 1\. "God wills it!" was the enthusiastic cry of the Crusaders, who, in tlie eleventh and twelfth penturies, undertook, under the leadership of the valiant- God frey, Hugh, Robert, Raymond, and Conrad, to wrest the Holy Land from the hands of the Mussclincu. A hierarchical Crusade, stimulated by similar reli gious enthusiasm, ha? been proclaimed in our days against our Public Schools Act, by the Archbishop and the Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales. Its end is a very peculiar and au important one. It is to wrest Catholic children from " Godless schools," and to make them breathe a thorough Catho lic atmosphere. The joint Pastoral of the hierarchi cal Crusaders of July last, read in all the Catholic churches of the colony, and gazetted, with a thousand comments on it, by the newspapers of the metropolis and the conntrv/is the emnhatic proclamation of their united energies and armed confederacy in holy war. The motto is not "God wills it," but "The Church will have it;" and so the Church is made answerable for all the compromising results of their religious warlike enterprise. One of the precepts given by St. Paul to Titus was, "To avoid foolish questions and controversies and strivings about the law," adding, us a reason, be cause " th.cy arc unprofitable nnd vain "snntenim iuutUes ct ran af (I). St. Augustine says that the precept of the Apostle to the Bishop of Crete was intended as a fixed justoral rule for all the Bishops of the Church of Christ (2). Pity that our illus trious ami zealous pastors did not consult St. Paul before writing the pragmatical edict of their united wisdom aud authority. They would have learned from him a policy ilifVerent from their own, and would not have befooled themselves by a turning aside to vain talk, desiring to bo teachers of the law, while, in fact, they "uiiderst-ind neither the things they say, nor whereof they affirm." Now, the object of these letters is easily stated ; it is to set right the truth which has been distorted and abused by the Pastorals of tlie hierarchy in this colony, and show to tlie public that the doctrine of the Church is not at variance with our Public Schools Act ; ami Sir Henry Parkes, the fruitier of it, cau in this respect shake a frieudly hand at any Lime with Loo XIII. And in no instance of political and eccle siastical strife has ever shone brighter than in this the truth of that ancient canon — tho Holy Church does not disregard the service of secular laws ; u Saiic.la ecclfsia leyum aaicularittin noil vr tjiuit Jamil- latum " (fi). 2\. Tlie gigantic project of the old Crusaders origi nated with the fanaticism of an obscure monk, named Peter the Hermit. iSt. Bernard endorsed his views, ami warmly recommended the project. But, seeing his Mattering promises of success turned into a dis graceful failure, lie fell into a lingering illness aud (licet broken-hearted over it. Tlie alarming procla mation of our mitered Crusaders against our Public schools had a similar fanatical origin. It was called forth by tlie notorious scandal of the l'alhursl burial all'air, Since the passing of the Act into a law, now fourteen yoars ago, no one ever thought that it was so fruitful a source of immorality, infidelity, lawless ness, social eltemiiiacy, and national dishonour as denounced in the joint Pastoral. Tuis shocking dis covery was first found out when Dr. Quinn, the Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, refused, in his religious fanaticism, the last ritus of the Church aud Christian burial to the late Air. Richard lveuna, a respectable Catholic of that diocese, for not withdrawing his son from the Sydney Grammar School, as his lordship had commanded him. "Stern duly," sauM lie Bishop, in reply to the address presented to him by a be nighted people, as au approval of what he had done. " stern duty compelled me, as the Bishop of the diocese, to perform au act, tlie most disagreeable of my whole life. Obedience had been openly re fused to a well-defined law of the Church, and it became my painful duty to exact obedience or to en- forcu penalties" (J). Here, as a seasonable digression, which will at once bring to light the ignorance and despotism of tlie Bishop, I may be pardoned for asking Dr. Quiun, where he lias found this "well-defined law" of the Church forbidding parents to send their children to Public schools, or .State schools, or National schools, under the higliostcensure — such as excommunication, interdict, aud episcopal reservation ? Let him, for his own sake, and as a lover of fair-play, cite the words of the canon or decree upon which he acted, and quote tho council, cither (Ecumenical, or national, or provincial, or diocesan, where such canon or decree was enacted as a " Church law." Tlie law depriving of Christian burial the faithful who do not comply with their Easter duties is a law " well-defined by the Church." It was clearly laid down as a canon in the Fourth Council of Laternn, celebrated in the year In 1ft, under Innocent III. (»). The law denouncing major excommunication, and absolution thereof reserved to the Bishop, against Catholics who contract marriage before tile registrar or a heterodox minister is also a law "well-defined" by the Church for the Catholics of Australia. It was distinctly decreed in the Second Australian Provincial Council, held at Melbourne in April, 18USI (fi). Surely, if there were such a law, Dr. Yaughan, as metropolitan, would have known it, and would not infringe it for anylhing in the world. But " he" did not hesitate to give public solemn Christian burial ro Air. James Afullins, who died a mouth before Mr. Richard Kcnua, ami yet the said All, .lames Alullins had, at tlie same time, three of his sons with Air. Kcmia's son at the same Sydney Grammar School. Nay more, Archbishop Yaugliau paid a great compli ment to the memory of Mr. Alullins. lie presided at the requiem mass and dirgo in tlie Cathedral ; he pro nounced the funeral oration, aud headed, in his pon tifical robe;, the funeral cortege. Lie recited the last prayers over the grave, aud exhorted llio.se pro- scut to imitate the deceased in his generosity to the Church, and to endeavour lo bring up their children as he had done. In view of such striking, contradictory facts, so closely connected, the Press put forth the question, which of the two Church functionaries was right, nnd which was wrong? . Who was the good shepherd and the true exponent of the Church doctrine, and who thu hireling and tho "wolf that snutcheth and scatterelh the sheep" ? (7). Was there a Church law for Lhe Catholics of Bathurst, and another Church law for the Catholics of Sydney ? Tlio people, iu- dignaiitnt tlie cruel wrong and unwarrantable con duct of Bishop Quinu, raised a powerful outcry against him. The pulpit and the platform took it up, and the newspapers discussed the odious subject in such strong language, aud such persuasive do ll) Tit. Hi., !>. (2) Dc l)oi:t. ChriU. fill. iv„ c;ip. 10. (3) ('sip: Stip'jr Hpccula dc privil. ( I) The itx '/ it, the UaUuirst (Jliuroh organ, 1st Au just, 1875L (ft) Oumis utriu.-Kpio soxus iiilulU semol saltern In anno eon- fiteatur, ausclphms roverenter, id minus In PuFdm, Kiiolm- rUtlm Sacrumentiun : Aliocpiin et vivens alu'eohulruhigre-HU nreeatur, ot morions Christiana eaivut acpuUurrt, Canon xxl. (0> Quod si per summum ucfas vlr catholicus ct niuliur eatliolica. Haccrdutuni ncgluoto niinSstcrio, ct sprcta Kcclcdje uuotnritaU coram minbtro heternilnxo, v»fi official! dvill (in ili iiiioniiitii) eoiiLralicrc au'lc.uiL, »ciaut «<: in cxcoiiiimiui- c iUonom majorcm co ipm ingiirrerc.cujus absoluUoOrdiimrio rcjcrvatur. Do Matrimonii!, Deer. 12. (7) St. John x.t 12. quencc as to inspire auy man and woman of common senso with bitterness auil disgust for the Church, her laws and her' ministry. As the cruel episcopal act was performed, m the name and by the authority ,of Mother Church, Bishop Quinn, to justify it. felt it necessary to cnfl officially on the Archbishop and Ins suffragans for sympathy and help. Hence their "mcetiug at Sydney to. take counsel together re- gardingjlie present condition of affairs, their uuited voice, and tho issuing of the thundering Pastoral, which, while it is intended as a real canonical justi fication of Bishop Qhittn s heartless conduct towards the soul of Air. Richard Jvcnna, in point of fact may. justly be styled as the sillv expedient ot Pilate — "XovUshm/ error pc/or pnore — a second error worse thau the first (8). -Void of anv warrant from the Church— void of any appearance of truth and con sistency — void of that spirit of penco and holv har mony which the founder of Christianity left to His disciples as tho characteristic of their fellowship, instead of cooling the ardour of indignation and exasperation excited, it rendered it more active, aud caused the evil to be almost incur able. Its language, its authoritative tone, its shearing enactments, plainly indicate that it is written hi downright earnestness to frighten the people, to revolutionise the colonics, to criminate the Government, and that it is intended to bo ml pcrpetuam ret ntemorianv as a Church indictment against the State ; as an ecclesiastical libel niiamst the system of education adopted in the Public schools supported by law. 11\. For this reason, the action and interference of the Government in such juncture becomes impera tive. Silence might easily be construed into cowar dice and defeat. For it is not private men who publicly and officially crimtnutc our Legislature and system of education. It is men of authority aud position in the Church ; it is -men representing one- fourth of our population j it is mem who believe themselves infallible in their utterances. (lO If the Government docs not put rurht the wrong bv taking active steps and inquiring into the matter, what will the people of other countries say when they shall read in the newspapers that the Legislature of New South Wales supports Public schools, classified and condemned by audi highly-qualified churchmen as God)e?s schools, which become absolute perils to religion, and contain au unfairness and crviug in justice to Catholics ; schools which, in course of time, will till the country with indifferentias. not to speak of absolute infidels ; schools which arc a ter rible calamity to children, and promise to bo a source rif i ni»'i f.trSI frt llm «»nlnni erlinrtla wtiinli contravene the first principle of Christianity, and are calculated to sap its foundations ; schools which are the seed-plots of future unmoralitv. infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase tlie standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens : schools which adopt a system of practical Paganism which leads to corruption of morals and loss of faith, to national effeminacy, to national dishonour, aud to uational decay ? Yes, if the people of other countries— of America, England, Scotland, and Ireland, and so on— read this gloomy description and moral brand of our Public schools, what will thev think of them, and of our Governor, of our Legislature, and of Australians in general ? Will they be encouraged to leave their native country and emigrate to Australia, and make it tho happy home of their families ? Will they look at us as the golden psople, "steeped in a bath of supernatural light," or. rather tho ill-fated descendants of the Botany Bayites, persistently bespattered with the dirty mud of the old crimes ! Oh, then, let tlie Government become sensible of its duty with regard to the libellous policy contained in the joint Pastoral, let tlicm feel the soreness of the injury tlicy have received, and act on the defensive. Let them seriously impure into the mailer, ami can utc Hierarchical crusaders to an account and explanation, if not recan tation, of what they have promulgated. Let the Government do this, not with a view to keep blazing the fire of religious contest, but in order to defend their character before the people for whose good they are to legislate, and maintain untarnished the good report of Lhcir social and political position in the sight of all other nations. (It is gratifying to sec that tills matter has been brought before the Legisla tive Council (November 18), and Mr. .Stewart moved that a select committee be appointed to inquire into the ohurges alleged against our Public schools by the Australian hierarchy, which motion was warmly debated.) I. Roman Catholics, too, ought to reflect that in con science they cannot accept all the injunctions of the joint Pastoral, and surrender to an imaginary law, that has never existed in the .Church of God, their rights aud privileges as citizens and members of society. Thev ought to hear in mind also the want of sense and the theological inconsistency it involves. If parent) cannot send their children' to Public schools, how is it that tlie law does notstrike with its scourging lash tlioso who take an active part in thu carrying out of the Act, and are, if not efficient, at, least instrumental causes of its reckless results ? In the face of tho joint-pastoral, how can a Catholic be a member of the Council of Education V How are so many boys and girls suffered to attend the "training school" and qualify themselves for the position of teachers under the provisions of tlie Act? Is is not true that many certified Catholic teachers are actually teaching in the Public hIiooIs and .«cru- pnloustv observe all the regulations thereof? Why are all these exempted from the censures of the penal law and only " parents," who, by tho law of nature, are bound to look after the social position of their children, are subject to the ban ? Is not this to invade tlie nccrcd field of their parental authority and responsibility ? II. Having said so much in the way of prelude, I shall now clearly set before the readers the plan of these letters. I. have already plainly stated it in a lelter which the leading journals of this city refused to publish — for reasons, I suppose, bsst known to them selves. The letter is as follows : — aiNon decere diseant (Episoopi) ut ipsi judieis partes assummt, qustionemquc desliniaut, do quo Ecclissia nihil hactenns prommtiavit ' (10). "Afr. Editor, as tlie joint pastoral of the ArohbDhop and Bishops exorcising jurisdiction in XewLSouth Wales has caused a great deal of diH:s.tti<faction and uneaHiiiess of conscience among my co- religionists, will you let them know, through tho medium of your paper, that there is in this city a gentleman who is preparing a pamphlet on Lhe uncunonicity of the said Pastoral, showing, on the authority of tho best Church authors, that it lias no binding force as a Church law ; because — 1st. Jt regards a matter which is not exclu sively ecclesiastical ; or, at P ist, not yet elevated by the infallible oraele of the Church to the dignity of a pure ecclesiastical tenet. 2nd. Because it re gards a question of controversy between Lhe civil and ecclesiastical jurisdiction, upon which Bishops have no power whatever to decide, in Synod or out of Synod, fird. Because it is 'not issued in Synod, under the invocation of the Holy Ghost — the Spirit of Truth— but .simply at a meeting, without any theo logical discussion and consultation of the 'clergy, without which, even in Synod, it is by no means an obligatory law. I th. Because (assuming it to be a law) the non-acceptance of the people on a point of such social, civil, and momentous, bearings, is a just canonical title, for which a Church law ceases to be binding, nth. Lceatiso, were it law, it would interfere with the natural righLs of parents over their children. But it is expressly forbidden to Bishops to interfere by their statutes with things belonging to the :jus 0011111111110' and to 4 jus natural.' The passage of Benedict XIV. is elixir enough for those who arc willing to understand it, and auyone concerned in It will avow that it admits of no comment. The authors of the joint Pastoral should also bear in mind that canon attributed to St, Augustine — 1 Legos norma) sunt noil violenLisu' — ecclesiastical laws arc rules, and not impositions. Tlicy represent thu spirit of the Church — the piu mater' — and the yoke of Christ, which is sweet and light, refrushiilg souls, and not .iirtrr'iiviliuir l.linni.— V(>iir8. i('( . 11 Lamiikiitini." (S) St. Matthew, xxvil.hi. (S») The lorur -exenliiuu of Dr. Vuntdmn to ids third I'iUtoml on I'Mucutiou is to eUublish that lilsdops cannot lead pjople astray. (Ill) DenediuL XIV. do Synndo lVuisoesaun. Lot Bishops know that it is not lawful for thorn to as-uinn the olficu of judge, and define a question upon which the Church has not yet pronouueed. (Lib. VJIl., c. 13, n.'O.) 