OUR GOSSIP FROM BERLIN. Berlin, April 10. Ont METROPOLIS sckbia to he in for a run of lil-iuck. Trade is still in a stagnant state. The weathsr for the last three or four months has been so Siberian that tha farailv of Laplanders who form at pre sent one o: Tbe attractions cf our Zoological Cardeu weJi their fur dresaes, and consider the Berliu climate an exact couuterpart of their own. la consequence of the unusual number of deaths in our royal family, and of illustrious pep ons uearly related to it. the Court and other aristocratic ei.tertainrcentsusuil at this season of the year lave rot come off ; and last, not least, tua illness cf the Kmperor has cast a gloom over our city. As v:* have had, however, a. few fine days lately, ri-miudiug us tliat spriug miy no.v be really expected, it is to be hoped thit the dull tiuie l:i.« r.osv passed, and that brighter days m»y i-e it: st.rt fcr us. ora kmpehob has Uv€ii ce..5ned to his rooms for the last four wer-fcs, i.-i consequence of a severe accident whi.'h happe::nl to him on Friday evening, the 7th nit. The old gentleman was walking wirh the Empress in oce of the rooms of the palace to inspect some alterations recently carried out at the wi«h of the Empress, when he slipped on the polished tloor, and, falling heavily on the ground, got a contusion on his right side oi a rather serious nature. lu consequence of this accident several intended Court entertainments had to be r oantermaaded, and even the ievee on March 22, on the occasion of the Emperor's eighty-third birthday, wss greatly contracted, only tbe members of the royal family and the other Princes whe had come to Berlin being r«-eiven bv our monarch to offer their congratu lations to him. On Wednesday, the 2nd inst., the dsy being almost the first fine one we have bad piece November last, tbe Emperor took his first drive iu an open carriage, aud wss every where rto*t cordially received by the people, who were greatly pleased to see the old rcc-Larch locking so healthy and siroDg. A f^-Tf oays before, on Mondvv, t'ae 31st ult , the Emperor nnderweut a slight operation, viz . the extraction of a shot which he had received cu the occasion of Xobiling's attempt on liis life ia June of last year. The sbot had penetrated the Emperor's he)met and lodged ic the skiu of the upper pirt of his bead, and as the physicians did not consider it prudent to cat it out, it had remained there for tbe itst tine months. Latterly the shot hid caused & slight swelling, and on Monday, the 31st icst.. Dr. La^genbech removed it, when it was found tt&t; the round shot had been per fectly flattered by striking tbe bone of the skull. It seems therefore clear that Nobiling's aim was very sure, and that tne life of the Em peror was only saved by his having acsidentilly worn Li* helmet instead of the light military cap which he usually wears when he takes a drive. Some two months hence the Emperor's golden wedding will come off, acd in all parts of Germany preparations are mace to celebrate the event in a fitting rusr.ct-r. As cur monarch has expressed his earnest desire that no presents or costly gifts rr.sy be sent to him, the donations will generally be devoted to found or assist benevolent and (irritable institutions. One exception will, hcwcier, be made. A proposition which, is receivicc much favour has been started in the town of Leipsic to present our monarch on his golden weddicg with an imperial crown, or at least with the money to procure such a ;rown. The Hohenzollercs posses, of course, she Prussian^ rojal crown, but as the imperial dignity has only been conferred in a member of that family some eight yews igo, without a formal corenatinn taking place, ;fce procuring of an imperial crowu has litherto net been thought of. It is said that he Emperor of Austria had offered the ancient arown of the Emperors of tbe Holy Roman Empire; but as that jewel would be rather instated for a member of the Protestant House -f Hohenzollero, the offer, if really made, would nost probably be refused. The idea started in [?eipsic is, therefore, a very happy one, and an imperial crown would be the most appropriate pf t the German nation could offer the Emperor m the occasion of his golden wedding. THE CEOWN PRIXCP-, vith the Crown Princess and their children, left 3erlin on the 2nd inst. for Wiesbaden, in conse lequenceof the pressing advice of their medical Lttendants. On Saturday, the 22nd oltu. Prince iValdemar, the third son of the Crown Princess, yaa suddenly attacked by diphtueritis, and ia pite of all the efforts of our best physicians lied on the morning of Wednesday, the 2dth klarch. The young Prince was born on the 10th 'ebruary, IS68, and had consequently just intered on the 11th year of hi* age, at the ommencement of which — according to the raditional custom of the Hohenzollern family — le entered the army as lieutenant in the regi aent of the First Infantry Guards. The boy ook to military studies with great enthusiasm, teing in that manner quite different from his Idest brother, and was therefore the favourite f his grandfather. On Saturday Prince Walde oar personally offered his congratulations to he Emperor, and was to all appearances in his [sual health; but on Monday following an nflammation of the glands set in, fter which diphtheric symptoms appeared, rhich seemed so dangerous that the Prince's ihysicians called in Professors Langenbech and Schrader. During the night the state of the latient improved so much that the doctors dvised the parents — who had had hardly any leep for the last forty- eight hours —to take some est, as all danger appeared past. The parents lid so, but were recalled at about 3 o'clock in the doming to find that an apoplectic stroke had ust ended their son's life. The burial of the emains of the young Prince took place on londay, the 31st ult., and the funeral being arried out according to custom during the night he sombre ceremony made a deep impression. ia the coffin was to be deposited in the vault of he Friedenskirche near Potsdam, the cor ege started shortly after midnight. A quadron of garde dn corps (cuirassiers) ed the mournful procession, and were followed ly several carriages, containing Count Eulen inrg, the Master of the Ceremonies, and other ?ourt officers. The hearse drawn by six horses ame nest, the cover of the coffin being held by welve servants, while officers of the garde du orps rode at the side. Behind the hearse fol owed the carriage of the Crown Prince, con aining the Crown Prince and his eldest son, 'rince William, while several other royal arriages followed with the teachers of the oung Prince Waldemar. A few days after he burial one of the lady attendants of he Crown Princess — a Miss Greifpa— showed ymptoms of diphtheria, and directly afterwards governess of the Crown Princely children was lso attacked by the same malady, although the 00 ms of the palace had been thoroughly cleaned nd disinfected. The death of Prince Waldemar ias resuscitated the legend of the ' Weisse 'rau' (the white lady), which had een nearly forgotten in Berlin. The egend rests on the following story: — Jountess Agnes of Orlamunde married iu the ear 1293 Count Albrecht of Hohenzollern, at bat time Burggraf of Niirnberg, and one of the ncestorg of our Emperor. Count Albrecht, sur lamed the Handsome, did not at first seem nclined to the union with Countess Agnes, as he was a widow with two children ; and as the atter thought that her children formed the ibstacle she murdered them secretly, after »hich the marriage took pla;e. Wheu Count Ubrecht discovered the murder he left his wife, ?ho was incarcerated and died in prison in the own of Hof, in Bavaria. This sanguinary lady ias been doomed from that time to make her ppearauce in tbe residence of the Hohen ollerns every time a death or other important vent is to happen to the family, aud t is stated that she did so before the learh of Prince Waldemar. A sentinel in me ot the corridors of the Schlos.s cime pile .nd trembling to the guardroom, stating that a k'hite female figure had approached him at tiidnigbr, and frightened him so much tlufc he lad left his post and fled to tbe guirdroam. A his happened just at the time of the death of ?riuce Waldemar, the story spread like wildfire, md found great credence amone our more uperstitious fellow-citizens, although the officer m guard did not apparently believe ia ghost tories, for he put the frightened sentinel in irrest for having leit his post. As there has lot been published an official dementi of the Ba:tfr, I cannot say whether the statement of he soldier having run away and being arrested n consequence is true or not ; but many ;bous-mus of cur Beriiners take their oath that :he 'Weisse Frau' has again appeared and predicted a death in the Hoheazollern family. rKI-'CE FKEDBHICK CBA.HLE3, with Irs wife and son, have returned from inglaml, after having been present at the vedding of their daughter, Princess Louise Vlargaretbe, with the Duke of Connaught. As :he marriage ceremonies have been fully lescribed by the English journals, I need not ?ecapitmte them here, and may only remark ;hat the marrhge contract between the Dake of Jonnaugbt and Princess Louise was signed here m February £6, and countersigned by our Ercperor and Queen Victoria of England. \ccording to that contract tie Princc3s receives mnually £1,500 as pin-money; and in case of jer husband's death, a yearly sum of £6,000. Eei dowry is to be 3C0.000 marks (£15,090). mlf of which the Emperor pays out of iis own purse ; and she gets besides 1 complete outfit suitable to a Priucess ol .he House of Hohenzollern. The last piragrapb -f the contract contains the usnal renunciation -n the part of the Princess for herseif or her :hildreu of any claims to inherit the German brune for so long as any males of tbe House of Hobenzollern are living. On their return from Sngland Prince Frederick Charles piid a visir :o his widowed daughter, Princess Henry of the Netherlands, and it is stated here that this was loue partly on account of the lost t«3ta!neat of be late Prince, of whi -h the following story is :old here. After Prince Henry had breathed lis last his wife took her husbiud's w.it^h vhich was lyiDg on a sruall table near tb' )td, and placed the watch aud its ippendages securely in a chest of drivers. Tne Muctss did this becanss attached to th vatch-guard was a golden locket containing ;he miniature likenesses of Priuee Henry and lerself, and al*o a small golden key to tbe asket of her late husband, in which, an ght tnew, he kept his private papers. A few hoar* ifter the death of Priuce Heury, B^ron ro:- 31cekhausen, the Premier of the Grand Dn;h- -f Luxemburg, came to Castle Walferdinge, thV esidence of the late Prince, and informed thp iVincess that he had the order from the King to ecure the Stite papers the Prince had in his -os3ess!on. To execute the order effectually, le requested the Princess to give him the mall golden key, which she unhesitatingly did, ,s she was too much occupied by her sudden lereavement to think of anything else. L few days afterwards, when her father arrived o her assistance, she mentioned the circum tance to him, whereupon Prince Frederick Dbarles askM for the key, when Baron Block lausen returned it. What had been done with he casket in the meantime nobody know*; rat certain it is that no testiment was foand in t, although the Priucess declares that it had ?ontained such a document. According to isage in the royal family of Holland, the last Tills of members of it axe opened nine months ifter the day of their deaths, and as Prince lenry died on January 13 lost, his widow will lave to wait till next September to find out That directions her late husbind had made in ler favour, if his testament should not be liscovered in the meantime. TSTSCE BISMARCK, ?ho was born on April 1, 1315, celebrated his latal day on Tuesday week last in good health md spirits. The Emperor had sent him a letter if congratulation, accompanied by a fine bronze tatne of the Great Elector of Brandenburg, and in official document raisiug the Prince's soniu aw, Conat Rantziu, to the position of Coun Illar of Legation. From all parts of Germany, :ven from foreign countries, congratulatory etters and telegrams poured in all day long, ,nd similarly throughout the day birthday pre ents of every imaginable description arrived, i&usages; and pumpernickel, oysters and fishes, tatter and cheese, tobacco and cigars, lager beer nd wine, flowers and plants, arrived in such iuan tities that room could hardly be foand for hem, and the Prince took them as a token th\t ds former prophecy, that he should be the most lopular man in Germany, was still holding vod. The celebration of the Prince's birth lay was especially grand in the capital f Bhineland — in Cologne — where a fine tatue of the Chancellor was inaugurated. The Burgomaster of Cologne. Dr. Bether, held he inaugural oration, in which he pointed oat he services Bismarck had rendered \o oar Fa'beriand ; and when the speaker, at the con clusion of his oration, called for three cheers, the great multitude filling the square round the monument answered the call in a most en thusiastic manner. The statue is really a fiue piece of art, standing on a polished block of granite, bearing the single work Bismarck. The whole town was gaily decorated, and it is intended that the Augustiner Platz, where the monument stands, is to be called hence forth Bismarck Platz. The Chancellor has written a characteristic letter of thanks to Dr. Becher, as the representative of the citizens of Cologne, acknowledging the great honour done him, although feeling rather ashamed that he (the Chancellor) should still walk about in flesh and blood while already a monument was erected to him. After tne inauguration of the statue, a banquet was held in the grand old hall, the Giirzenich, at which there were about 500 guests. One speaker pro posed that Cologne should erect another monu ment to honour the coadjutor of Bismarck, viz., Moltke, and the idea found such favour among the audience that 30,000 marks were subscribed there and then. OUR NEW HOUSE OF PAULIAMKNT, for tbe erection of which money was laid by years ago, seems now on the point of being built. The stumbling-block whs the want of a suitable place, and although many positions were men tioned, uot one ot th«m answered every demand, so that the building of a new Beichstags-Gebaude has been put off till now. The only suitable and desirable position was tbe space where the mansion of Count Haczinsky stands ; but the old Count, who bad filled his palace with a grand collection of paintings and sculptures, would not listen to any proposition to sell his property. Count Haczinsky having lately died, and hi* son Count Charles having assented to sell his mansion, a Bill is now to be brought before the .Reichstag to legalize the purchase, and also to grant the necessary funds for the erection of a suitable Parliament House, wbicb, if carried out according to the existing plan of the architect (L. Bohnstedt, in Gotha, whose design got the first piize),'will become one of the principal ornaments of our city. ' THE END OF OCR WORLD'' wss the theme of a lecture which Professor Dubois-Beymend has lately given, and which has created a good deal of interest. The lecturer stated that according to J. R. Mayer's theory of the preservation of forces every move ment on our earth, with the exception of the ebb and flood, which are caused by the attraction of the moon, is occasioned by solar heat. As, however, the sun loses every year a portion of his warmth, science has discovered that he will not shine or exist longer than 17,000,000 years. During this period our planet will get colder in proportion as it loses the solar heat ; the ice from the poles will advance towards the equator; the people on the earth will gradually retire before the advancing glaciers ; the sun will lose its light and appear like a dark-red ball ; and at last ice will annihilate all life on our planet. Whether this theory is correct, I am unable to determine ; the sole consolation I have, in view of the terrible fate predicted to our earth, is that in all likelihood neither I nor any of my con temporaries will live 17 million years to find out whether Professor Dubois-Beymond's calcu* lations are true or not. THE DA.UGHTBB OF A 9CLTAN acting as teacher of languages is an occurrence which most probably has never before been heard of , although iiuropean kings and princes are known to have earned their living in the same line. However, we have here at present a veritable Mohammedan Princess giving lessons for her daily bread. The lady is the sister of the present Sultan of Zanzibar, who, during the lifetime of her fatht r, the late Sultan, eloped with a young Swiss merchant of the name of Euete, who had a business in Zanzibar. The Princess embraced Christianity, was in consequence disowned by her father and brother, in spite of all inter ference in her favour by Queen Victoria of England and other eminent persons ; and even her fortune at the death of her father was denied her by her brother, the present Sultan. Some few years ago her husband died, and Mrs. Euete was compelled, for the subsistence of herself and her children, to become a teacher of languages, which she is well able to do, as she understands Arabic, English, Frencb, aud German. She has lately arrived here, and by the intercession of several influential persons she has got a number of pupils who intend t? study Arabic ; aud thus the former Priuceas or Zanzibar earns sufiicrcnt money to live with her children in a state of comparative comfort. THE EXCAVATIONS AT OLT1IPIA are carried oa energetically, especially to the east of the A Ilia, and many interesting dis cov« ri-;8 have been made. T\vo ancient buildings, similar to the Heraiou, have been found, the pillars of wbicb are still standing. Near ti them the head of 3 Hercules, as also part of a statue of G'.aomaus, have been dug up, besides a bronze relief — Hercules as an archer — in a state of excellent preservation. The part o! the leg of the Nike, which was -wanting* has also been found, aud that fine work is now nearly complete. The results of the excavations of the last few months have been most satisfactory, and have amply repaid all the outlay spent upon the work. Professor Yirchow will shortly le.v«e Berlin to join Dr. Schliemann, who intends to open two tumuli near ancient Troy, com monly supposed to contain the remains of Achilles and Ajax. It is to be hoped that Schliernann's conjecture may turn out true, as the world will then get eonie very interesting antiquities, fully equal to anything the lucky discoverer has found in Troy or in Mycenre. 