The Mystery of Berkeley Square. iHE following most extraordinary pari graph is from tfayfair of a few month* back. Ittnay be a hoax j but if so, Uayfair is a , J journal that ought to know better:-"The mystery of Berkeley Square still remains a mystery. Wowere in hones that during the lam fortnight a full, final, and satisfactory answer would hare been riven to our ques-1 tion; hot we hare been disappointed. The Jfcwy ofthe haunted house in the heart of Mayfaif is BO far acquiesced in by the silence of those who alone now the whole truth, and whose interest it ia that the whole truth should be known. That story can bo re capitulated in a few wordB. The house in Berkeley Square contains at least one room of which fae atmosphere IB supernatural!; fatal to bodjyuid mind. Agirl saw, heard, or felt such honor in it that she went mad, and never reoorered sanity enough to tell how or why. A gentleman, a disbeliever in ghosts, dared to sleep in it, and was found a corpse in the middle of the floor, affair frantically ringing for help in rain. Bumonr suggests other cases of the aune kind, all ending in death, madness, or both, as the result of sleeping, or trying to deep in that room. The very party walls of the house, when touched, are found eatoiated with elestrio horror. It is unin habited save by an elderly man and woman, who act as caretakers j but even these have no aooess to the roon>. That is kept locked, the key being in the hands of a mysterious and seemingly nameless person who comes to the house jomoe every six months, locks up the elcleriy couple in the basement, and then un iockstfc room and occupies himself in it for hours. Finally, and moist wonderful of all, the house, Moqgh -in -Berkeley Square, is neither to bolet nor to be sold. Its mere out side ^Jbia»a it to-be given up to;ghosts and decay. Beadera who feel ourious about the taMej; are. referred to pur issue of a fortnight ago for the details, of whioh the above oc C9jjnt Ss;a ntnimt.V;,. X)uto*WoBK.-The Whitehall Review in morion^ " thM^wtween sunrise K^^nnset a coot could be.mode for him out of wool from the boek-Wfc''ihiip!;!itklwhi6h the 'worthy CatholicIiMpnetwon, adds: "An Austrian cWtWrtMSdoneiOUihia in eleven hours, so that he really has ontrtripjjed the Berkshire baronet,' Vftto allowed himself from 4 a.m. to 9p.m. "Fkakk Gabdw*b.-Frank Gardiner, of whom so manys^nies have been told lately, \- - tV'tV *T "In Burmnmine^ statins that he , is mamea to a wealthy American wfdbw, and has comfortably located himself injTeipda...' He Intimates that he had quite ctioti^h of the roads in Australia, without -resuming so precarious an occupation in a 1 foreign land, and, and where Judge Lynch / hM syoh unlimited jurisdiction. ; POLITICAL StmsBtviKNCT.-The Pall Mall J (hutte says i-'" In theBO days of Political * subserviency and universal kotowing to the electorate, when the choioo of a candidate lies between ' nursing' a constituency by judicious expenditure and pandering to tho mob by the sacrifice of political principles (bo address of Sir Frederick Hughes to tho electors of Wexford, although eocontric, is opportune. Ho says' Personally, I don't care three rows of pins whether you return me or not, but should you think proper to do so I hope and believe I can represent your interests without discredit or disgrace to the old town, and peradventure with some credit to myself. Certain it is that our interests are identical. I am, gentlemen (with, I trust, a springling of honesty), faithfully yours." A cunt you Rheumatism.--We have from time to time heard a good deal of the value in. veterinary practice of Young's Mineral Oil. A cose lias now coino under notice in whioli ahorse at Sanilgatc had suffered con tusion of tho kuea joint, causing loss of the back sinews. The injury was so severe that is WUB at first decided to destroy the animal, but Ur. Young eventually took it in hand for treatment. The result was, that the end of fourteen days the horse could bear tho weight Ief the body on the injured limb, and a . complete cure in looked upon as a certainty. These facte can be vorified by reference to Ur. Young, at Sandgato, and the horse iiupeolcd. The oil is mid U> be also very t in »1J rheumatic ditseawii. - t'oi'mr. Ui* 