TALES & SKETCHES . : THE THREE LETTERS. CHAPTER I. Funny and freo aro a bocholor's roveries, Cheerily, merrily passes his life, \ Says the song, and something of the same may ? apply, to a blooming widow, when she's not quite disconsolate. A widow canaot so much more independently, than an unmarried person) . whatovor her ago may be, and, if there are some anxious again to embark on matrimony's tempestuous sea, many there are who love their liberty, and the strange power which a pretty wid#w wields over the world of bachelors. . Insidious as disease is the approach of those \- certain little land-marks called wrinkles, which furrow the fairest Bkius soonest, telling us that we are journeying, alas 1 downhill. They are sot pleasant appearances to anyone. Even the devotee feels a pride in showing the wicked world all it lost when she withdrew the light of hoc countenance from it; but to the mere votary of pleasure and fashion, the first wrinkle, the first grey hair, is slow death from poison, for the cup of existence, thenceforth, is drugged with henbane, or its oompeers. In the reign of him, renowned for his ap preciation of beauty, Georgo yclept the Fourth) lived a fair young widow, the hello of the jjavillion, and of every other resort of fashion. It had been pretty loudly whispered that the very highest in the land had declared that none could surpass in grace and beauty the fair widowed viscountess Delwyn. ThiB whisper had reached the lady's two pretty little aristocratic ears, and on d\t from Royeu lips direct. Be that as it may, on that most flattering assurance she slept, and droamed -dreamed, but why ? Now, on such, a waking sop for her "vanity, could she dream anything so horrible as- this-that a wrinkle, like a dark \- muddy furrow orossing a flowery mead, tra versed her ivory brow P Yet, dream it she did, and after many heartbreaking sighs in her sleep, she awoke. It was broad daylight whioh , streamed into that luxurious room, through rose-coloured curtains of silk. i TJp sprang the lady, and the tiny Blipperless j ' feet hurried to ? the mirror which hod so often ' .reflected her peerless charms. 'Wrinkle! no, j \- not the ghost of . one! Still, the dream was ' .upon her spirit, so, with a trembling hand, she j ; drew back the roseato tinted curtains, and resolved to know the very.worst at once, let in j the white glare of k morning's sun, BO hard to meet, and look faultlessly lovely. Yes-r-oh yes, the dream was not all untrue, something there was like a dark hair across the lair brow, she smoothed it, smiled upon it, but it was not to be coaxed away, there it stood a sentinel oi time whom no one could corrupt. . By way of adding depth to that almost im perceptible furrow, the fair viscountess burst into ..passionate tears, Bhe,' who had waking, dreamt all sorts of impossible dreams of great ness now Bat before her mirror exaggerating all, and,' with her magnificent hair hanging dis hevelled about her, termed herself " A lost, ugly old woman 1" and thus her maid discovered her a few minutes later, for, hearing that hefc lady was up, the Abigail gently tapped at the door--a sad voice said, 11 Cotno in - and there, she found the fair viscountess broken-hearted over her first wrinkle. Luoy would not have been worthy of her position as first waiting woman and confidential tnaid to her lady, if she had not ransacked her brains immediately, in every hidden, secret cell», .to discover a remedy for this unforseen misfor tune... ; Long she sought in vain, until at last per severance was rewarded, she discovered what she: required-nothing lees than a husband, not for herself, but for her mistress. For," Lucy argued with herself, " 'tis only fair that if number one husbaud wedded all the loveliness, number two should spread his pro- I teefcing wing overtho first wrinkle, and hide it from the world 1" i As she soliloquised thus, sho .cast a rich;, mantlo over her lady's shoulders, practically to 1 illustrate her idea. i "A husband l" ejaculated the distressed vis countess ; " who would marry a lost creature , like me ?" ? - Luoy enumerated half a dofion who had been, nerlady's adorers for monthB past. The shivering viscountess drew tho mantle around her, and listened to tho details of thoso who were dying for her, until self-complacency made her revive to lifo again, and tho smilo of .'gratified vanity completely obliterated the wrinkle. But the memory of it remained, no vanity could still that. Drees mo, Lucy," said tho viscountess, lan guidly ; " we will talk tho matter over." In thoso days, the necessities of tho times where intrigue hold its open court, ladies were perforce obliged to mako confidants of thoir maids, or else thoy could never have stemmed tho undercurrent of existence. 11 "The fact is, Luoy," said the viscountess, at length," I have lived so long to bo loved that,1 while I am still not very old M (she was eight; and twenty), "I am resolved to love in my turn." | Luoy nearly forgot herself enough to fall upon her mistress's neck, for sho had just the i suspicion of a lovor, as the French ray, horself, and she liked well to listen to the theme of i love. " Ahi rny lady !" sho oxclaimed, " I am do- ' lighted to hear j'ou say so. Lovo is suoh a nice thing, and, after all, lovers are not so bad as they say, and it'is, to my thinking, an act of personal cruelty to refusu yoursolf ono." The viscountess was not listening to Lucy, but to tho nrguments of hor own heart. Your ladyship has so many from whom to i choose," hazarded Lucy, at last. "Doubtless ono among tho many has ploased you moro I than tho rest?" " No, Lucy, really not," win tho anawor, but tho viscountess told a fib. i "Ah, my lady! there is one-1 would an- ' honourableT W'th lifo-hq's MM"*® !!Pll j " His n*mo, Luoy ?" | " Tho Earl of Starr.' " Tn.mere ! Ha!a only fiVe-and twenty!" . ihere are no boys now after twelve, my lady," answered Lucy. , "Nevertheless, he has no chance," was the daemon of her mistress. .. "It>8 a p!'yi" "'Bhed Luoy. " The earl de serves a good fate. ."And doubtless will meet with it I" rejoined thei mistress. " At five-and- twentv, a good, looking man is ioon picked tip !'. , " I plead his cause, my lady, bocause I be Here him to be so vety sihtfete. !" ejaculated the viscotintess, with raffled feathers," one would think n» one else could love me!'' Lucy saw she had gone too far, and whis pored an excuse sufficiently flattering to soothe her mistress, adding* " I know thero are many who love my lady, one especially!" '* »Jrt0o,may HJ,®f" Mked the tiecokntess. i blraon Vulcan, general, member of Parliament, and . "An old man!" " He'a not sixty, my lady!" M ":Yhytt.vally' Lu°y! I 'hint yon keep a register of the ages of my suitors. I beg yoa will not again mention Sir Simon Vulcan to me as a lover! Lucy hung_ her head a thoiiient, alid then suddenly raising it, as . if a happy thought flttuck her, exclaimed "Since neither the Earl of Starr nor Sir Pimon Vulran has any ohance, perhaps the Marquis of Sabraon may hare a happier fate ?" The viscountess ooloured deeply. «D° you afiof" she asked, with a foroed laagh. X68'. my lady; ho is eight and thirty." He is a very agreeable man," said the vis countess, thoughtfully. "It is etrange how well I reoolleot the first time I met him-it was at Lady Jelsey's. I danced several times with him, and he complimented me on the ex quisite taste, as he termed it, of my dress I wore a green velvet.. It is singular howl recall all these trivial things!" "I think my lady was introduced to Sir Simon Vulcan and the Earl of Starr at the same ball ? said X*Qoy. "Possibly; but I remember nothing about them J Luoy had been in love herself, so she fixed her eyes thoughtfully on her mistress. " Why do you stare at me thus P" hastily in quired the viscountess. "Do von ee« a second wrinkle on my brow P" ~ .. 1 W only thinking that the Marquis of Sabraon has a good chance of success. Yonr ladyship is nearer loving him than you think." . ? ? ?? "I don't know, Lacy. I certainly beside him should.never dream of placing the Earl of Starr, or Sir Simon Yulcan-they are ont of the qnestioii." ' " And won't Vou, my lady," 'suggested the tenderhearted Lucy, "at once dismiss them? Suspense is a'cruel thing.'' "You are right, Lucy-jpve "orders when they call that--" '' . fron her ladyship would soften the blow, hazarded Lucy. ' Ion are rightj girl. I will drop them one -it is as well, after all, that an end should be pnt to vain hopes since I am decided. I'll write to.day, and, at the same time, let the marquis know my sentiments towards him are in unison with his own. Poor marquis! he has been six months hoping!" To put an end to the conversation the viscountess sat down in a charming robe de ehambrt and slippers, to write to her three lovers. The vicountess was not gifted with much versatility of pen, so her letters to the earl and 8ir Simon were couched in precisely the same terms. Tho one to the marquis ran thug My heart, at length, flings asido all constraints. H yoa IOTO mo sincerely, rejoloe. I henoeforth aecoiit yoar; affection, and oppose no obstacle to it. A nigh? a meditation has changed my resolution, and disposed me In joar favour. I muat see yoa this oreninr. X ^ At ten o'clock I shall bo at homeland tta i»ra°wi'u closod to all but yoa* Helik* JDkwth, With tho freedom of a Waiting woman of the confidential class, Lucy loudly eiolaimed agatnat tho crael coldness of the dismissal in tended for the young and timid Far! of Btarr. "He is not worse off than the general," re sponded her mistress. " Your ladyship cannot compare a rough old soldier with ono like his lordship," was Luoy's reply. Sho folc angry, for the earl was an os^eoial favourite, and herprote/i. Tho viscountess would not appear to hear her, but folding the throe letters, eho took tip her pon to direct them. At that .instant the door was thrown hastily open, and a powdered lsoker announcod the Duchess of Camera's carriage at the door. "And I am still en robe de ehambre !" criod tho viscountess, starting up. " I have a dozen places to Wsit with the duchess ! There, Luoy, you write a good hand, direct those three letters, and send them off at once to their addrosics, that is, as soon as you have dreBsed mo." 