A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. [From the Dulho Despatch of July 4.1 A man named James Montgomery, on bail for horsestealing, who was being escorted to Coo namble by Constable Brown,of Cur ban, was shot on 1st July whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles irosi Coonamble he tried to induce the constable to promise not to give pertain evidence against him, and on Brown re fusing the prisoner suddenly struck him twice on the back of the neck with a stick, saying, ' Then take that, you ? .' Brown, who was taken unaware*, was stunned for a moment by the unlookea-for attack — so much so that he nearly fell out of his saddle. As coon as Mont gomery had struck Brown he galloped into the scrub. Brown in a few moments recovered his con sciousness, anu saw aoout iou yaras on prisoner aud his horse on the ground, both in the ace of rising. The horse, it appeared atterwards, had, while galloping, put his fore feet into a hole and fallen down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner in this plight, rushed up to him, and covering him with his revolver, called upon him to siaud, at the same time ordering Humphries, the prosecutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's horse. He did so, aud was next told by Brown (who had prisoner still covered with the revolver) to put the handouifs on Montgomery. As eocn as the prisoner heard the purport of the order, he swore he would not allow himself to be handcuffed, and that ho would kill the pair of them if they at tempted to do so. Humphries naturally was v frightened to approach him, as he fully believed '^ prisoner, being then a desperate mau, would attempt to carry hia violent threats into execu tion. Noticing Humphries* indecision, Mont gomery turned to Brown and said, ' Let me get on the horse and I'll go quietly with you to Coonamble. I came with you quietly all day, and I'll go the rest of the way with you quietly, but I won't have the handcuffs on.' Brown re pliea, *' Well, get on your horse, and give me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you.' Prisoner then mounted his horse, Brown returned his revolver feo his holtter, and as he did so Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Gaatlereagh. The trooper (who Lad the handcuffs in his hand.-) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he saDg out, ?* Catch me now, you ? , if you can.' Brjwn drew his revolver and went in pursuit, calliug on prisoner to stand or he would certainly shout him. The escapee took no notice, bejond turn ing round in his saddle and laughiug at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Montgomery— to show him that his threat* were not empty ones — fired two shots over his head ; but they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued still to gallop away. He went down the bank of the Oa&tlereagh;, followed by Brown. The trooper's horse here ran him against a tree and knocked h-m out of the saddle. Brown jumped to his feet immediately, aud again called on the pri soner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, ' Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me,' but he did not seem to the trooper as if he had been struck. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induce him to surrender. Montgomery, nowever, was not to be intimidated — he continued his course, singing out as the shot was fixed, ''That's two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can.' Brown^ dndmg there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as he did so, yelled out, '?That's three/* pulled up his horse, and dis mounted. Brown rode up to him, and not thinking he was hit — for in the dusk it was impossible to see if his shots had taken effect — he again called upon him to surrender, and Montgomery said, ' I've had enough — you have shot me three times. I'm killed— I'm killed 1' He then stepped away a pace from his horse, and fell backwards down the bank. The con stable got off his horse, lifted the man's head up the bank of the stream, got some water, bathed his face, and told Humphries (who about this time rejoined him) to ride iu hastily to Coo namble for a doctor and a spring-cart, as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went as desired, and Montgomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and then expired. At the inquest held the Jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. A clever feat of engineering was sue successfully completed at Easton, Pennsylvania, on April 10. It Appears (says the Mining Jour nal) that owing to the immense weight, the iron shoes in which rest two of the spans of the long Lehigh Valley Railway Bridge lately sank about 1 in., throwing the bridge out of grade, and the depression showed signs of becoming more serious. An iron casting, 12 ft. long, 3 ft. 3 in. wide, and 3 in. thick, weighing 7,000 Ib., was placed under the spans of the bridge in order to elevate them. The spans weighed 180 tons each, and hydraulic jacks were used. The spans were raised, the masonry redressed the eastings placed in position, and the spans -4 lowered and secured again withoiit the stoppage uf a single train. - ' Printed and Published by TaotfAS Knra, at the Ofnces, King 'William and Waymouth streets, Adelaide. 