GENERAL NEWS. The Geelong team, of footballers were accorded a public reception this (Friday) morn ing in the Town Hall, by His Wor ship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. W. O. Bnik). There were also present Crs. Claxton, Brooks, Jones, AnlersoH, Hagedorn, Messrs. E. T. Smith, M.P., J. O. Bray, M.P., Hugh Fraser, M.P., S.. D. Glyde, J.P., W. R. Care, and J; H. Langdon, as well a3 representatives of the South Australian Football Association and a number of footballers. . The body of Wm. nicking, the seaman of the ship Laju who was missed from the vessel when it was in port on the morning of Thursday, June 26, was found floating in the Port River, near the Glanville Bridge, on Friday morning, Jaly 18. It will be remembered that about 2 o'clock on the morning he was missed Bicking was observed by the watchman of the Laju climbing over the side of the ship, ap parently with the intention of going on board the Harvest Home, which was lying close by. A minute or two afterwards a splash was heard, but strange to say no notice was taken of it. As all the clothes of the missing man were found in his bunk it was ;evidept he had not deserted, and the police on hearing the circumstances dragged the river all round the ship, but without any result. The City Coroner has been informed of the facts of the case; and an inquest will probably beheld. We have received the thirteenth report and balance-sheet of the Directors of the Ade laide Life Assurance and Guarantee Company. The report states that the ; business during the past year has been quite as successful as during any former period of the Company's career, and that the Directors propose appropriating the balance at credit of profit and loss as follows: — £1,250 to the payment of the usual dividend of 10 per cent, with a bonus of 2| per cent.; £1.000 to be added to the life reserve fund; £228 3s. to be carried forward to next year's! ac count. -The Directors regret that failing health compelled Mr. John Brown, the Manager of the Company since its formation, to send iu his resignation, in! accepting which theyj felt that his long and valuable services warr^vitsd them in proposing togivehim a pension of £200 per annum. • Tbey appointed us Mr. Brown's successor Mr. John Lindsay; and. by amalga mating his offices of the National Mariup In surance Company of South Australia, of which Mr. Lindsay was also Secretary, with those of .this Company, they stated that a saving had been effected which more than c mnterbalaiacad the proposed pension to Mr. Brown. j On Friday,, morning, July 18, a dejjuta tation waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. T. King), and asked that steps inig it be taken to augment the present accommodation and . teaching powers of the Salisbury Bdhool. Mr. R. Yerco, J.P., presented the follo.wiug petition :—" To the Hon. the Minister of Education.—Sir—We, the undersigned parents and guardians of children attending the IjSalia Jjtiry school and residents of the district; beg most respectfully'to present the following [peti tion •—That it is; desirable and necessary! that: the school accommodation should be at jonce increased. A depusation waited upon a previous .Minister, when the present room wasaboutjto be built, and pointed out that the requirements of . this important district were underestimed and that a larger schoolroom wonld be required1, We were told that when 120 scholars were atbeiiding the school we should be entitled to a~ larger building and that the present one would be so left as to be readily added to. J We now. have over 150 on the roll, and.; the number is still increasing. We would therefore pray that the necessary rooms be added, so that 250 children may be accommodated. We would •'also earnestly ask that at your earliest conveni ence additional-teaching assistance .may be granted as provided by the Regulations—We have the honor to' bej Sir,; &c.V; Signed by 95 residents.. Mr. Yeno stated that during the recent wet weather from 100 to 120 children had been attending this school, rendering it necessary - that the passage which! wo.3 flagged should be utilised for class purposes. Theregulations provided that if the attendance at a school exceeded 100 it was entitled to au an assistant teacher, and from the statistics it. wonld be seen that the attendance had -been .oyer 100." The Minister of Education said; that the Inspector-General had reported that the Bohool could accommodate 120 children, and that, as asserted by the deputation, the atten dance was increasing. It was necessary that • the department should not build scboolhiouses ; too large for the number of cqildren who could be got !)o attend them.' Some time ago. in ac cordance with the representation of the in habitants, a school was built at a co^t of between £6,000 and £7,006, and hej had recently received requests from the teacher and Chairman of -. the Board of . Advice asking that one half of the school might pe closed, in- order that the ohildren might be brought more directly nnder the control of the teacher., As a fact the school was too large for the children attending it, he wonld have a special.reportmade mid would probably: visit tne schoolhimself,and if Hie facta were as ths deputation had stated the required addition would be made, with regard to-jan assistant teacher, he would rather be disposed to deal ^liberally with the school as his desire was that the work' of the department should be done thoroughly. The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port" Darwin Telegraph Line Baltaoa, S.E., light, cloudy, diill, threatening; Farina, Calm, c oudy, dull,pleasant; StrangwaysSprings, S.E., light, cloudy, dull, threatening; Peake, S.B., strong, cloudy, fine, cool; Charlotte Waters, S., mode rate, clear, fine, pleasant^, sAlice,-Springs^ Barrow Creek, and Teouant 'Creek, lights ^cleay, fine, cool; Powell Creek,^.B.,-fre3h, clear, fine, .chef; DMy'Watera, S.E'^t^t/clfearj' fine, "ccal;-'Katherme; cklm, clear, 6ne, coal; Pine Creek, S.E., light, clear, fine; Yam Creek, . S.E., light, clear, fine, warm; Southport,; S.E., light, clear, fine, cool; Port Darwin, S.E., light. The rainMl between :9 a. m. 'on Thurs day and the same hour on Friday .is registered asfollows:—' Cape Borda ... 0T00 Millicent ... i0'250 Cape Jervis ... 0170 Normanville ... ; 0 020 Fowler's Bay ... 0 010 Penola. 0 <!50 Kingston . ... 0180 Kobe ... ... 0110 The 11.M.S. Tanjore arrived at All .ray at 6.80 a.m. ori Thursday/ , . The Architect-in-Chief is inviting ten ders for the erection of the superstructure of tbe rew Government offices in Victoria-square. The plaus and specifications for the work are not y6t ready, but' will be on view' about the middle of next month. "We regret to hear that Miss Jervois met with a severe accident on Wednesday aftemoau, July 16, while riding with His Excellency the Governor on Lockleys- road. It appears, that while passing aschoolhouse which the children 'were just leaving Miss Jervois's horse started at their sudden appearance and plunged heavily, -throwing her to the ground, from which she was taken up unconscious. His Excellency, finding -a cart passing at the time, conveyed his daughter in it to Government House. Miss Jervojs re gained consciousness shortly" after reaching home, and we understand is now doing as well as can be expected. - . A lecture on Ritualism was given iii the Wesleyan Church, Port Adelaide, on Thursday, July 17, by the Bev. A. 5Stubb3. There was 'a large audience. Mr. Stubbs dealt with the subject in a very able manner. i Mr. J. Tyerman delivered his lecture on " The pressing questions of the age, and their conflicting Eolutions" at the Glenelg Institute on Thursday evening. • There was a fair attend ance. Mr. Tyerman lectures at the Leidertafel Hall on Sunday next, the subject being " 13 there a Devil." In discussing the Appropriation Bill in the Legislative Assembly in Sydney Mr. Green wood said—"The total sum voted hy Parlia ment for the year, including the special' appropriations, was £6,721,201, and to meet that the net taxation was little over a million. ' They had to sell land-to-make ap the difference, and that process could not go on much longer." . On Thursday evening the Rev. ,D. O'Donnell delivered his lecture on " Intem perance, ..the Evil and its Cure," at the City Mission Hall. The chair \ wan. filled by the Hon. Jno. Colton. Thers'wa3a large audience, who listened to the. revereid gentleman with the utmost attention.; He vividly pourtrayed the evils attendant upon intemperance, and referred to tbe many ways in.which men might' elevate instead of de basing themselves. The Ballarat Art Union has been some what severely treated by the Argus in Mel bourne during this month. About the middle of June a long letter appeared in our columns from Mr. Wm'. Robertson, attacking the pro moters for the unwarrantable delay that has taken place in pulling off the drawing. Thi3 letter was reproduced in the Argus of July 5. since which date Mr. Bridges, the promoter, has written several letters to that paper defending his action in the matter. The Argus • in a leading article has also censured the promoter for the way in which' the Art Union has. thus far been conducted. The carriages running on the Hobson's Bay lines are now being as rapidly as possible fitted with gas lamps. ■ Recent experiments (states the Melbourne Age) made by officers of the department with the object of converting the old oil lamps into lamps for horning oil gas have proved successful. Carriages, to which the necessary fittings have been attached, obtain a supply of the oil gas manufactured at Prince's bridge station from the works erected there. Some weeks, however, will probably elapse before all the carriages are provided with the improved light. The Minister for Railways is also taking steps to carry into effect his inten tion of leaving unlocked the doors of all car riages running upon the suburban lines. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Port Adelaide and Semaphore Land and Building Company was held at Mr. 0. D. Aston's office, Port Adelaide, on "Wednesday afternoon, July 16. There was a good attend ance. Mr. John Neill, J.P., presided. The re ports, which were adopted, Btated that the; half year's profit was £252 4s. 6d., derived ! from proceeds of sales, rent, and interest. The house referred to, in a previous report as being iu course of erection at Alberton had been finished and profitably sold, with the additional effect of being the means of disposing of the Company's land there. The Reserve Fund had been augmented by £100, and a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum would be payable on August 1. Mr. T. Hack, J.P., and Mr. F. H. Hustler .'were appointed Directors, the first named gentleman being re-elected; and Mr. G. P. Hodge; was re-elected Auditor. A lecture op i'jOlrjg Grange" was given by the Rev. D. Paton, M.A;, B.D., in connection with the Chalmers Church Literary Association on Thursday evening, July 17. There was a small attendance. " Olrig Grange" is a poetical work, published anonymously some time ago, which exhibits great literary power, and has been favorably received, although its merits are still far from being as widely known as; they deserve to be, Mr. Paton is a friend of the authorj the Rev. "W. O. Smith, D.D., minister of the Free High Church of Edinburgh, and in his leoture sought by well-chosen extracts to give his audience a fair idea of the character of the book. Some of the portions quoted bear upon various perplexing philosophical and social questions, and the style in which , these are treated by the author seemed to be thoroughly appreciated by the audience. The lecturer re ceived a bear ty vole of thanks. -A public meeting is to be held at. the "Wheatsheat Inn, Thebarton, this; evening, to consider the state of the footpaths on the Pore road, at the Nairne Railway crossing. \- An entertainment is to be given at tbe Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, this evening, by the Black Diamond Minstrels. Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost entertainment, which was to have been opened at White's Rooms to-morrow evening, has been postponed for a week in consequence of Mrs. Read's ill health.. ' ! For the'second time this season! the Hounds will meet at that favorite tryst, the Britannia, and we would advise those who mean going for some of the Hunter events ait the Duke's Birthday Meeting to avail themselves of this as a good qualifying ran. In consequence of the football match with the Geelong team on Saturday afternoon is has been deemed desirable to postpone the benefit to Mrs. Bates and family which was to have taken place at the Theatre Royal until the following Saturday. The Academy of Music was very;well patronised on Thursday evening, and thejcaai panologieal performance of the Lynch family and the singing and dancing of Miss Yivyau, Mr. Yerten, and Mr. Buckley were greeted with hearty applause by the audience, several of the items on the programme being imperatively encored. The Bellringers take their, farewell benefit to-night under the patronage! of the Geelong and Adelaide Football Olubs. ; i The members of the Geelong Fobthall team met for practice on Thursday afternoon, July 17, on, the grounds of the Adelaide Foot ball Club. The men when stripped and attired in .their nniform of bine and white showed fine physique and splendid musoular development. There was a large attendance of spectators. The marking, long-rkicking, and running of the players were much admired. . . \- - The popularity "of " Henry V." at the .Theatre Royal is in no degree'on the wane, as the, crowded houses every night most abun dantly testify. The dress circle, stalls, and .other parts~of the theatre were crowded ou Thursday night, and the audience thoroughly enjoyed the intellectual treat afforded. it is a pleasure to see and hear one of Shakspeare's most effectiveplays well delineated,and 'thetrue spirit of the great dramatist1 in this piece is most .effectively and .efficiently rendered by Mr.. Righold and thhse'who assist him. There is no doubt that« Henry Y.'] will have a long run, and those who desire to' enjoy7 an evening's genuine pleasure should not missseeing it. ; 