TO THE EDITOR. Sir— 1 mast ast space in your valuable paper to again zeply *o ' -£inx*s Baby's' communica tion M your issue of Saturday., l would not . acTtioe this . evidently lialf-crazed disciple of \- feell-ringing aud horn-blowing, .but he again Bakes absolutely false statements, a&d; what if ?i ? . ?. - . ?.-.??:' ? more, very fool^hly admits it. The general public may not know ot the manifestations that **G. B.' speaks of, but they will know how to estimate a writer who tells deliberate false hoods, and then takei especial plains to prove that be has just EeA wilfully; and as to puncturingtfay epidermis, ,? as he;proudly boasts, it would require- a sharper letter-r-one with more point to it — than auy *' €r. B.' could write to do that. 'G. B.' complains that I am abusive. In killing a snake one is not particular to smother it to death easily with rose-scented chloroform, but usually stamps its i life out energetically. I regard 'G.B.' as upholding a hydra-headed monster that is doing' more harm than all the venomous reptiles ot Australia; and when by falsifying and deceiving the public he vents his spleen op me for showing up his peculiar mania, I admit I am not apt to ' handle bim'tenderly' or stroke his back gently while exposing his dishonestv- to th« h&iiblie.; In remvins to him I will this time use mostly quotations from others, so he cannot complain of any indelicate handling. First I will dispose of Dr. Slade, 'G. B.V great medium. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph on Tuesday, November 26, 1878, in a leading editorial on Dr. Slade, cays :— 'Dr.. Slade . comes here as a great spirit medium, and obtrudes his doc trines upon the public in such a way as to defy contradiction ; but the moment an oppor tunity is offered, of proving his bona fides he is as silent as the grave.' «*G. B.' next denies that the mediums use handcuffs. I have not asserted that they do at present. They change the character of their manifestations as a flea changes his quarters when pursued by some irate individual. What I said and still say is that several years ago the Eddy Brothers aud other prominent mediums did use handcuffs and do handcuff tricks. ' G-. B.' himself quotes Colonel Olcott as; saying that ' the children showed me scars where pieces of flesh had been pinched out by handcuffs used by committees.' I know that the Eddy Brothers only three years ago did do handcuff tricks. . I have not seen them since that time, and I know that at present four or five of the most prominent American mediums, including Peck, Cutler, Laura Mor gan, Anna Fay, Jennie Holmes, Livingstone, Charles Read, Mott, and others, do the hand cuff trick at their seances. Mrs. Sawyer, of San Francisco, the most; prominent medium on the Pacific coast, does the handcuff trick. The fol lowing extract is taken from the ReligwPhilo spiritual paper of £he United States, being only second to the Banner of Light:— *' After this Mrs. Sawyer went back into the cabinet and closed f the door; in a minute the door was opened, and we found an iron ring upon her arm, all done by the spirits without removing the handcuffs. At this point one of the party aBked to take the handcuffs. The request was granted, and a stripe of black paint made inside the cuff — un- known to the medium—and they were carefully replaced on the wrists,' &c;, the 'whole ex tract being, too loag for publication. Does not this prov» that 'The Baby' either does not know anything about spirit mediums, in which case he should not write to the papers and expose his ignorance, or he has wilfully made misstatements with a view of deceiving au innocent public. Now as to Col. Glcott and his experience with the Eddy Brothers. Mr. Daniel V. Home is probably the' most noted medium in the world. He has given his tests before the Queen of England, the Prince of Wales, and many of the nobility; also before the Emperor of the Eussias, the late Emperor Louis Napoleon, &c.; He has received many magnificent presents from these titled person ages. Mr. Home has written a book on spiritual mediums. He believes in honest mediums, and speaks of many of them in a flattering manner, but he denounces Colonel Olcott as a liar, and the Eddys as not being genuine mediums. In speaking of Olcott's.book Home bays.- — ** Trifles favorable to the ends he has in view are magnified into mountains of evidence. In convenient truths are suppressed. Where sup pression is impossible, the truth is distorted.' Colonel Olcott tells us on page 342, people from another world (the Baby's great authority), that the manifestations were net happening under test conditions, and hence would not satisfy the judicial mind. He confesses (page 347) that** Chittenden was no place for him to try philosophical experiments.' On page 409 he says that his readers 'will bear him out in the statement that all his efforts have been to interest American scientists iu the phenomena to such an extent that they would commence real investigations.' In view of such an avowal as the last, what is the value of hu pseudo investigation? Mr. Home coufcinuesaB follows: — 'Th-» »\rthor-of the work in question was, he tells us, sent to the Eddy Ghost Court in his capacity of Newspaper paragraphist. The ap pointment was lucrative, and its holder in no hurry to terminate it. ^ ** Both Mrs. - — aud I,' writes an American friend who was present at Chittenden when Olcott was, ' are convinced that there was a determined resolve in his mind to see and hear nothing that lessened the chances of his lucrative position there.' On page 163 Olcott says—' The light has been very dim, and I have ^not been able to recognise the features of a single face.' On the next page he says — 'Quo cannot with untrained eye dis tinguish accurately between forms varying as much as six inches in height. - Similar avowalB occur all through the book/ Strong as they ap pear the testimony of unprejudiced observers is still stronger. The light at Chittenden was a libel oa. the term 'darkness visible.' In view of such a fact what is the value of the engravings of the materialised forms, &c;, with which the book is profusely illustrated ; they are merely fancy sketches evolved from the inner consciousness of the artist, and what was the value of the numerous recognitions of dead friends and relatives which We are solemnly assured occurred. Will my readers understand that on page 168 Olcott laments that it was impoBsibfe for him to make his experiments at Chittenden91 under test conditions, and after wards coolly heads page 213 'another test,' and entitles Chapter XXIII. 'Tests continued ;' and on page 307 says, *: Abundant tests,' aud yet tells us on page 343, 'The things I saw were no.t happening under test conditions.' Chapter XV. he calls '* philosophical tests,' yet «n January 1, 1876, in the columns o£ the Banner of Light, he says :— *' My belief in the Eddy spirits was the result of intuition, not of absolute demon stration.' When such nonsense is quoted by 'G.B.,' what can I do but treat it with con tempt ? The Eddy Brothers were afterwards ex posed by me. I found a secret staircase in the chimney; I found a portion of the floor movable; and when I published this in the N3T. Sun, Olcott wrote, November 30, 1875, respecting 'the 'grand exposure of the Eddy spiritual manifestations, which he in common with the whole publio had been waiting for.' It is due to the public that you publish this; for my part I am accustomed to the dirty attacks of spiritualists who stand off and throw mud at long range under an assumed name. The sensible spiritualists all welcome my coming as being a great help to them to discover fraud. As to Wm. Orookes, Mr. Carpenter, the eminent scientist, has so completely demolished him that I say let him EJ.P.—J am, &c;!, . ?- . S. S.BALDWIN. Adelaide, April 20. 