Chapter XVII.—Murder. Murder! an awful word under the most ordinary circumstances of everyday life— an awful word even when spoken of an event that happened long ago, or afar off. But what a word shouted in the dead of night, through the close, darkness of a sleeping house, thrilling the ear of slumber, freezing the blood in'the half-awabeiied sleepers'veins,. - Such a shout—repeated with passiohate clamor—scared the inhabitant of" /the Oibber-street lbdgihg7house at three o'clock in the winter morning, still dark as deepest night. Mrs. Bawber heard it in'her back bedroom on the ground floor. It pene trated confusedly—not as a word, but as a sound of fear and dread—to the front kitchen, where Mrs. Evitt, the landlady, slept on an ancient press bedstead, which by day made believe to be a bookcase. Lastly, Desrolles, who seemed to have slept more heavily than the others on that /particular night, came rushing out of his room to ask the meaning. of that hideous summons. They all met on the first floor landing, where- Jack Chicot stood on the theshold of his wife's bedroom," with a caudle in his hand, the flickering, flame, making a patch of sickly yellow light amidst sur-. rounding gloom—a faint light in which> Jack Chicot's pallid countenance looked, like the face of a ghost. "What is the matter?" Desrolles asked the two women simultaneously. " My wife has been murdered. My God, it is too awful! See—see—" Chicot pointed with a trembling hand to a thin thread of crimson that had crept along the dull grey carpet to the very threshold.. Shudderingly the others looked inside, as he held the candle towards the bed, with white averted face. There were hideous stains on the counterpane, an awful figure lying in a heap among the bedclothes, a long loose coil of raven hair, curved like a snake round the rigid form— an awful spectacle, which not one of . those. who gazed upon, spell-bound, fascinated by the horror of the sight, could ever hope to. forget.- • " Murdered, and in my house!" shrieked : Mrs. Evitt, unconsciously echoing the words... of Lady Macbeth on a similar occasion. " I | shall® ever let my first floor again. I'm a ruined woman. SeizeLim, 'old'm tight/' she cried, with sudden intensity. " It must 'ave been Lei* husband done it. You was often' a-quarrellihg, you know yo'u was." This fiercC .attack, startled Jack Ghitfot. He/ turned upon the woman with • his' ghastly face, a new horror in his eyes. " I kill her!" he cried. " I never raised my hand against her in my life, though she has tempted me many a time. I came into the house three minutes ago. I should not have known anything, for when I come in ! late I sleep in the little room, but I saw that——- (he pointed to the thin red streak which had crept across the threshold, and undef the door, to the carpetless landing outside), " and then I came in and found her lying here, as you see her." " Somebody ought to go for a policeman," suggested Desrolles. " I will," said Chicot, being'the only per son present, in a condition to leave the ' house, and before anyone could question his right to leave it he was gone. I They waited outside that awful chamber for a quarter of' an hour, but hp policeman came, nor did Jack Chicot return. "I begin to think he has made a bolt of it," said Desrolles. "That looks rather bad." ... " Didn'tl tell you he'd done it," screamed" the landlady. "I know he'd got to hate her. I've seen it in his looks—and she has 1 told me as much, and cried over it, poor thing, when she'd taken a glass or two more: ! than was good for her. And you let him go, like a coward as you was." "My good Mrs. Evitt, you are getting abusive. I was not sent into the world to arrest possible criminals. I am not a detec tive." 1 "But I'm a ruined woman!" cried the outraged householder; "who's to occupy my lodgings in future, I should like- to know ? The house'll get the name of- being haunted. Here's Mrs. Bawber1 even, that has been with me close upon five years, will be wanting to go." "I've had a turn," assented the tragic lady, " and I don't feel that I can lie down in. my bed again downstairs. I'm afraid 1 may have to look for other apartments." " There," whimpered Mrs. Evitt, " didn't I tell you I was a ruined woman?" Desrolles had gone into the front room, and was standing at an open window, watching for a policeman. One of those guardians of the public peace eame strolling along the pavement presently, with as placid an air as if he had been an inhabitant of Arcadia, to whom Desrolles shouted. "Come up here, there's been murder." The public guardian wheeled himself stiffly round and approached the street door. He did not take the , word murder in its positive sense, but in its local signifi cance, which meant a row, culminating in a few bruises and a black eye or two. That blood had been shed, and that a dead woman was lying in the house, never en tered his mind. He opened the door and . came up stairs with slow, creaking foot steps, as if he had been making a ceremo nious visit. " What's the row ?" he asked curtly, when he came to the first-floor landing, and saw the two women standing there, Mrs. Evitt wrapped in a waterproof, Mrs. Baw ber in a yellow cotton dressing-gown of antiquated"fashion, both with scared faces and'dishevelled hair. Mr. Desrolles was the coolest of the trio, hut; even his counte nance had a ghastly look in the light of the guttering candle, which Jack had set down on the little table outside the bedroom doori They told him breathlessly what had hap? pened. ' ' " Is she dead P" he asked. " Go in and look," said Mrs. Evitt. "I dared not go a-nigh her." The policeman went in, lantern in hand, a monument of stolid calm, amidst the terror of the 6cene. Little need to ask if sh'e were dead. The awful face upon the pillow, those glazed eyes with their wide stare of horror, that gaping wound in the full white throat, from which the life blood had poured in a crimson stream across the white counterpane until it made a dark pool 'across the bed, all. told their own tale. " She must hare been dead for an hour and more," said .the policeman, touching the marble hand. La Chicot's hand and arm were flung above her head, as if she had known what 'was coming, and had tried to clutch the bell-pull behind her. The other hand was tightly clenched, as in the last convulsion. "There'll have to be an inquest," said the policeman, after he had examined the window, and looked out to see if the room was easily accessible from without. "Some body had better go for a doctor. I'll go myself. There's a surgeon at the corner of the next street. Who is she, and how did it happen ?" Mrs. Evitt, in a torrent of words, told him all she knew, and all she suspected. It was her husband that had done it, she sure. " Why ?" asked the policeman.. "Who else should it be? It couldn't j be burglars. You saw yourself that the window was fastened inside. She'd no J valuables to tempt any_one. Light come light go was her motto, poor thing. Her money went as fast as it came, and if it wasn't huh as did it, why' haven't he come back?". , ,• • ■. ' ; .. ■> The policeman asked what she meant by this, whereupon Desrolles told him of Mr. Chicot's disappearance, . "I must say that it looks fishy," con cluded'the second-floor lodger.. "I don't want to breathe a word against a man I like, but it looks fishy. : He went out twenty minutes ago to look for a policeman, and he hasn't come back yet." . " No, nor never will," saiil Mrs. Rawber, who was sitting on the stairs shivering, afraid to go back to her bedroom. That ground flobr bedroom of hers was a dismal place at the best of times, over shadowed by the wall of the yard, and made dark and damp by .a protruding cistern, hut how would it seem to her how when the house was made horrible by murder? "Do you know what time, it was when, the husband gave the alarm ?" asked the policeman; " Not more than twenty minutes ago." " Any of ybu got a watch ?" : Desrolles shrugged his shoulders. Mrs'. Evitt murmured something about her poor, husband's watch, which had been a good one in its time, till one of the hands broke short off and the works went wrong.; Mrs.1 Rawber had a clock on her bedroom mantle piece, and had noticed the time .when that awful'cry waked her, scared as she was. It was ten minutes after, three. "And now it wants twenty to four," said the sergeant, looking at his watch. " If the husband did it he must have done it a good hour before he gave the alarm, at least that's my opnion. We shall bear what the doctor savs; I'll go and fetch him. Now, look here, my good people, if you value your own characters you'll none of you attempt to leave this house to-night. Your evidence will be wanted at the in quest to-morrow, and the quieter and closer you keep yourselves meanwhile, the safer for you." *;.v; " I shall go back to bed," said Desrolles, "as I don't see. my way. to' being of. any. use." : 'v'. ■ "That's'the. best thing you.'can'do," said the sergeant, approvingly; Y and von, ma'am," he added, turning to Mrs. Rawber, ." had better follow the gentleman's er-' 'ample." ■ <; ' ' :. Mrs.' Rawber felt, as if her bedroom., would "he peopled with' ghosts, but did not' like to give utterance tq-her fears. "I'll go. down and set a light to my parlor fire,* and 'mix myself a wineglass full, of something warm," - she said. " I feel chilled to the marrow of' my bones." ,. " " Y oil, ma'am/ had better' wait up here till I come hack with the doctor," said the policeman. . Desrolles had returned' to-his room by this time. Mrs. Rawber went downstairs"' with: the policeman, glad of his" company so far. He waited politely while she' struck a lucifer and lighted her candle, and then he hurried off to find ,a doctor. " There's company in a fire," mused Mrs. Rawber, as she groped for wotid and paper in the bottom of a -cupboard; hot wholly innocent of black beetles. ; ' There was company in a glass of hot gin and water, too, by-and-bv, when the tiny kettle had been coaxed "into a boil." Mrs. Rawber was a temperate woman, but she liked what she called, her " little comforts," and an occasional glass of gin and water was one of them, , : ■■ ■ [; ■ "It's very hard upon me,"she said to herself, thinking of the, dreadful deed that had been done upstairs; "the"rooms suit me, and I'm used to them; and' yet I believe I shall have to go. I shall fancy the place is haunted." ; j \- She glanced round over her shoulder, fearful lest she should see La Chicot in her awful beauty—a marble face, • a blood- \ stained throat, and glassy eyes regarding her with an awful stare. "I shall have to leave" thought Mrs. Rawber. Meanwhile, Mrs. Evitt was alone up stairs. She was a ghoul-like woman, for whom horrors were not without a ghastly relish. She liked to visit in the house of death, to sit beside the winter fife with a batch of gossips, consuming tea and toast, dwelling on the details of a last illness, or discussing the order of a funeral. She had a dreadful courage that came of familiarity with death. She took up the candle, and ; went in alone and unappalled to look at Chicot. " How tight that hand is clenched," she said to herself; "I wonder whether there's anything in it." 1 She .forced back the stiffening fingers, and with the candle held close, bent down to peer into the marble palm. In the hollow of that dead band she found a little tuft of iron-grey hair, which looked'as if it had been torn from a man's head. Mrs. Evitt drew the hairs from the dead hand, and with .a careful precision laid them in ah old letter which she took from her pocket, and folded up the letter into a neat little packet, which she returned to the same calico receptacle for heterogeneous articles. "'What a turn it has given me," she said to her herself, stealing back to the landing, her petticoat lifted lest she should disturb that dreadful pool beside the bed. The expression of her face had altered since she entered the room. There was a new intelligence in her dull grey eyes. Her countenance and hearing were as of one whose mind is charged with the weight of an awful secret. The surgeon came, an elderly man, who lived close at hand, and was, experienced in the ways of that doubtful section of society which; inhabited, the neighborhood of Gibber-street. In his opinion La Chicot had been dead three hours. It was now. on the stroke of 4. One o'clock must, therefore, have been the time of the murder. , The police sergeant came, back in com-: pany with a man in plain clothes, and these two made a careful examination of the pre mises together, the result of which inspec tion went to show that it would have been . extremely difficult for any one to enter the house from the back. The front door was left on the latch [all night, and had been for the last eleven years, and ho harm had ' eyer come of it, Mrs. Evitt declared, plain tively. It was a Chubb lock, and she didn't believe there was another like it* in all London. ... The man in plain clothes committed him self to no opinion, nor did he enter upon any discussion as to the motive of a crime apparently so motiveless, He made his notes of, the . plain facts of the' case, and went away with the sergeant. : " What ana I to do about: laying her out?" ashed Mrs. Evitt of the doctor. "1; wouldn't lay a finger upon her for a hun dred pounds." , " I'll send round a nurse from the work house," said the doctor, after a moment's thought. " They're not easily scared." Half-an-hour later the workhouse nurse came, a tall, bony woman, who executed her horrible task in a businesslike manner, which testified to the strength of her nerve and the variety of her experience. By five o'clock in the morning all was done, and La Chicot lav with meekly folded bands under clean white linen—the heavy lids closed for ever on the once lovely eyes, the raven hair parted on the classie brow. " She's the handsomest corpse. I've laid out for the last ten years," said the nurse " and I think she does me credit. If you've got a kettle on the boil, mum, and can give me a cup of tea, I shall be thankful for it; and I think a teaspoonful of sperrits in it would do me good. I've been all night with a fractious pauper in the smallpox ward." "Oh, lor," cried Mrs.• Evitt, with an alarmed countenance. ^ You've been vaccinated, of course mum," said the nurse cheerfully. "You don't belong to none of them radical anti vaccinationists, I'm sure. And as to catch ing complaints of that kind, mum, its only your pore-spirited, nervous people as does it. I never have no pity for such weak mortals; I'look down oh 'em too much." . ■ (To le,continued.) 