? THE OPERA COMPANY.—The opening performance of the English Opera Company will be given at the Theatre Boyal this evening, when "Lea Cloches de Corneville" will be presented for the first time in the colony. Considering the popularity which the principal singers, Miss Clara Thompson and Mr. Bracy, have gained In the other colonies, and the merits of some o£ the other performers who are known to the Adelaide public, there is every probability of the season being a successful one, more especially as the company seem likely' to have the business of providing amusement for the citizens limited to themselves. , . SPBCIAX CBICXET MATCHES.—We understand that arrangements have been made for two special Association matches, to take place on the Oval on February 26 and March 1. The first one will be an Association eleven v. twenty-two of Alma and district, and the second will be against eighteen members of the National Association. Negotiations have been entered into for a match with the Adelaide and Suburban Association, which ranks next to the senior Association, but they have not been successful as yet. It is expected, however, that an eighteen from the Suburban Association will meet a picked Association eleven later on in the season. NEWMARKET OPENING MEETING.—The nominations for the Newmarket opening meeting on February 22 at Morphettville are very satisfactory, and with a fairly equal handicap, which we hope Mr. Barnard may be able to frame, there should be some good sport. The names o£ nominators show that the races are being supported by our leading sportsmen. There are eight entries for the Handicap Hnrdle Bace, eleven for the Morphettville Cup, six for the Handicap Steeplechase, ten for the Half-mile Flutter, as well as fourteen in the Trotting Sweepstakes. Weights are to be declared on Monday, and on Thursday the acceptances will be due. We are sorry that two nominations for the racps arrived too late. Mr. E. Swinden telegraphed about half-past 3 from Smithfield to enter his horse Smithfield for the Hnrdle Bace and The Globe for the Cup, but as the message did not arrive till a quarter past 4 the nominations could not be received, a notice to that effect having been included in the advertisement. TBOTTING EACES.—The handicaps for these races, which are "to take place on February 22,. will be declared at the Globe Hotel to-day. WEIGHTS FOE THE GHEAT NORTHERN HANDI- CAPS.^—These handicaps, which have been pnt together by Mr. Henry Hughes, appear in this issue. ENTERTAINMENT. — An entertainment was given in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, February 14, by membera of the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge, assisted by the- " Black Diamond Minstrels." There was a good attendance, and Mr. B. F. Cocks presided. The entertainment on the whole was fairly carried out, and the Christy Minstrel part caused much amusement. After an overture had been performed by the Minstrels, Mr. Collins sang "What should make thee sad?" Mr. S. E. Evans then gave "Angels called her," and Mr. A.. Billin was deservedly encored for " Gone to yonder shore," the first part . of the programme closing with a very comical affair entitled " Branigaa's band." The second part opened with some selections on the piano, and was followed by the song of " BLUlarney," by Miss Ferryman, which was very pleasingly given and was redemanded. The lady also sang Jthe ballad u Dermot Asthore." Mr.A.E.Bhawyer gave as]a!recitation "The Ship- on Fire," and Mr. Wright was applauded for the manner in which he rendered "The Execution of Montrose." The entertainment terminated with a laughable eiketch entitled " Joe's Ghost," in which Messrs. A. E. Shawyer, S. E. Evans, and R. S. C. Nairne took pvt. At an interval in the proceedings the Chairman made a presentation of four handsomely bound volumes of the poets, on behalf of the *members of the Lodge^ to Mr. S. Evans for the active part he had taken in promoting the welfare of the Lodge during his three~years' connection therewith. He waa also presented by Mr. Sogers with a copy of the " Ingoldsby Legends." Mr. Evans acknowledged the presents. During the evening a slight accident occurred. Some one in the room attempted to open one of the windows by means of the attached cords, when the whole arrangement fell. Fortunately no one was injured, although two persons close by had a very narrow escape. POST GAWLER SWIMMING MATCHES. — The matches in connection with the above port took place on Wednesday, February 12. The weather was all that could be desired, and a proof of the interest taken in the matches was shown by the crowd of people who rallied np from all parts of the district as well as from Virginia, Mallala, Alma* Plains, and other places, numbering in all between 300 and 400 persons. Mr. L. G. Browne, the promoter of the swimming match, must feel highly complimented upon its success as a whole through his exertions, combined with Messrs. McCord, Thomas Irish, and J. Thomas. The whole affair was carried through in a most satisfactory manner, as was shown by the enthusiastic way in which the spectators cheered at the conclusion when the prizes were paid by Mr. L. G. Browne, who in return expressed his pleasure in being amongst them on that occasion. He stated that the present'gathering was. merely a test, which he trusted would now be gone into with spirit, and become an annual sport. The following are the events:—Judges —Messrs. L, G.jBrown, W. McOord, T. Irish. Tirst «vent, 440 yards—1st, Frank Moore, time, 8 min.; 2nd, J. Wilson, 8 min. 10 sec.: , other entry, W. Edgely, 8 min; 13 sec. The three plunged into the water . together, and itVwas very soon seen that Moore was too much for his onpobents, as he took the lead from the start and. maintained it to the finish,-winning easily ; Kdgley poshed Wilson, hard for seicond<place. Second event, 100 yards; (for hoys under 15,. living within fourteenmiles;of Two Wells)^let, £1 10s, Thomas Hodgson; 2nd, 10s. 6s.j E. Bedgeway. Harry and Webb also started in this race, which was a good match between Hodgson and Kidgeway. Third event, running headers ^open to all competitors living within a radius of fourteen miles of Two Wells)—1st, £1 Is., J. Wilson; 2nd, 10s. 6a., K.' Mathesson. This caused a deal of interest, as it was thought that the Judges would' have a difficulty in. deciding, but their decision was received with universal satisfaction. Fourth event, fifty yards, for boys under 12 yean— 1st, 12s. _ 6d v Henry Harry. Little Harzyfe swimming was greatly admire J, and wag very deservedly applauded. Fifthi event, 100 ; yards, for all comers within a radius'of fourteen miles from Two Wells—1st, £110s., J. Wilson; 2nd, J. Leech. Three otherscontested. Wilson and Leech kept well together for half the distance, when Wilson gradually came away and swam in an easy winner. Sixth event, diving for eggs, open to all comers—1st, £1 Is., F. Moose; 2nd, 10s. fid., B. M^hp^n This race caused'a deal of excitement, as Moore and Mathesson both dived exceedingly, well,, having brought up a like number of eggs in three dives each. - On diving again Moore proved the winner. Seventh-event,- longest dive frOm top of wharf, open to all comers—1st, £1 10s., W. Edgley^ 2nd,. 10s. 6cL,-J. Wilson. S. Mathesson also swam. Edgley surprised the onlookers by the length of time he was-under the water an d by the distance he swam before showing np—about eigtrtyyards. Mathesson was - longer-under the tracer -than Wilson, but tx>uld not make headway; consequently lost the second prize. Eighth'event,., chasing the bladder— 1st,- £1 10s.. F. Moore; 2nd, £1, W. Edgley. Six other entries. This caused the greatest amusement of the day. After the prizetakers left the water there was a general scramble of the remainder for the bladder, which was 'successfully brought above water by Thomas Hodgson. CONCEBT.—A very enjoyable concert ip - aid': of the ILA.G.B.8. Band was held in 3t. Francis Xavier's Hall on Friday evening, February 13, there being a large number of persons present- After an overture from the band Miss O'Sullivan sang " Dermot Asthore" in good style, and Miss Flaherty received a hearty round of applause for the way in which she gave " Kathleen Mavourneen. Mr. J. Hall then enchanted the audience by the style in which he played the violin solo " Souvenir de Bellini (Artat.) It was undoubtedly a masterly performance,, and Mr. Hall had to reappear before the audience were satisfied. The members of the band then played a quartette, and were followed by Mr. Westrop, who sang a serio-comic song in a manner far above the average of amateur comedian;. In the second part of the programme Miss O'Brien sang pleasantly "M/ native home," and the Misses O'Sullivan anl O'Brien were well received for the way they rendered "Gathering flowers." Mr. K. McSherry then played "The last rose ot summer" with variations, the cntertaiumeat concluding with an amateur Christy eatertaiameiit, in which Messrs. W. B. Hailos, L. li. Hailes, G. Westrop, and H. Hailes took part. Mr. B. McSherry acted as leader of the band, and Mr. W. J. McBride as director. 