The second campaign and the third year of the great Constitutional struggle in Victoria have just been entered upon. The return of the Chief. Secretary is the si-nui! for action; and once more we call upon the men of Vi illiamstown and Footscray to gird themselves for the conflict. ' If we value political equality, if we value the esteem of those whom we hold dearer than life—our children and our" children’s children—now or never, wo say, is the time to acquit our selves like men. For two long years have we listened to the miserable dirge “ Constitutional reform ’’ read, and chanted in a thousand keys : in the Hicks-Beach despatches—soulless, mar rowless, and selfish to the core ; in the diurnal diatribes of the Tory' pi ess *, in the time-serving, crooked, deceitful twistings of the Government organ ; and upon almost every political plat form in the country. And how much nearer are’ we to the goal to-day ? It remains with tha people themselves to determine. Let them arise, unite, and as one man pronounce when the comedy is to come to an eud. Let them fix a day one month hence, two months hence, six months hence ; and .if within such period the Reform Bill laid before the country by Mr Berry before he left for England be not the law of the land, then let the people strike work, declare a national holiday, resolve into a convention, and pro claim that constitution themselves—pre pared to maintain it against all comers with their lives. In Mr Berry himself and every man of his Cabinet the people have confidence. We cannot say as much of several of his professed fol lowers. From his enemies he has nothing to fear; from his professed j friends in the House and in the press | much. It was a bad job for the Berry j Government the day it withdrew pay- j ment of members from the Estimates. Then commenced the Fabian policy which has brought us to zero. Avdaces fortuna juvat, timidosque repellit. For tune favours the bold, but abandons the timid, Let us then at least have the courage to retrace our steps back to the Ministerial Bill, and there uppn the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill let us take our stand. Mr Berry left hjs followers six months ago in the hands of tha Rhilistjnes ; and j the Melbourne Club and bank managers have not been idle, Moderation will be j now the order of the day, and modern- j tion is precisely the quicksand which i lies in the way—another payment of j members scare. How many voted for the Ministerial Bjll in the Assembly J knowing and trusting that it' would be thrown out in the Council ? Those are j threatening aspects which confront the j Ministry, But are there not behind that again the people and the ballot1 box—the sovereign pqwer-r^a tower of strength, and one which never yet failed those who trusted in it aright. Another power—without right—stands before- us —the Upper Rouse, It has sat for five-and-twenty years upon a throne of iniquity, decreeing injustice by a law. Let us smite it to the ground and clear the political atmosphere, so that men and women may breathe and live and toil for themselves and not for others upon this noble land which the Creator destined for all his creatures who were willing to till it. The battle of Marston Moor, “ the crowning victory ” of old Oliver, was fought in some three hours of an English afternoon, and with it was decided the fate of a dynasty and a nation. How then can the people of Victoria look history in the face after haggling for Lyo years oyer the fate of a mere political chimera like the Legis lative Council of Victoria, which has not, and never had, the ghost of a soul in it. It is a mere tradition of the past -^a gog and niagog if yop will, or any other effete superstition. Hicks-Beach is a smart diplomatist, and no man knows better that sometimes one pair of heels is worth two pairs of hands ; but Hicks-Beach could no more maintain an Upper House in Victoria than he could maintain the Turks in Bulgaria— those terrible Bepoys notwithstanding, who first marched into the island of Cyprus and then marched home again. It would 'cost HeP Britannic ilajesty —God bless her—and Sir Hicks-Beach the annual expenditure connected with a standing army of' 20,000 men to maintain gn institution like a vetoing chamber in Australia'Felix after its in habitants had clearly made up their mind to abolish it. In what manner, we ask, has that despotic powar now wielded by the Upper House been main tained in these colonies ? By public opinion ? No. By prescriptive right or national sympathies ? Certainly not. It has been supported by British bayonets and by British despatches. The 12th dbd' 40th Regiments saved'it from extinction' at the Eureka‘Stockade jn Ilecomber, 1854 ; and the Cardwel ]jan despatches and .the treachery of McCulloch saved it during the Darling Crisis. Qn all of those occasions the people of Victoria were prepared and eager to administer the cqup de grace —the finishing stroke. They are again prepared, and in- their name we now call upon their leaders to step forward and lead the assault. The Age news paper cogitates oyer its respectable iniquity, the Upper Chamber, and claims for it the same status as the British House of Lords—an institution which is as much a memento of the Norman Conquest ag the battle of Hastings; an institution which never was elective, which has always been re actionary and opposed to the rights of the paopje, ^jthout a blush tho people’s organ talks' of dbyetailirig tliii eleventh Cehtm'y into 'the ''nineteenth j and for doing so pockets' its forty thousand coppers daily without remorse. The Berry Bill is ail we ask, and once in force all that will be left of the Age’s respectable iniquity—the Upper Cham ber—will bo “ past praying for.” The [ittgmpj longer to give local habi tation and fi-naineito. a: thing which js iion-eifistent inay Veil he’ given dpi -Iliere 'is nb higher power in" Victoria than the people; there is no force'in Victoiia able to set up and maintain a sham power over that people which they are not able to overthrow in four-aml Iwenty hours. . The merely galvanised existence which the Council has led : 5'utefc its sojoifrn in Victoria-must come ! very rapidly to • a close: ■ Let tos -hope 1 teat its funeral obsequies will be orderly 1 md decorous,- - < , • J : ■ . _ . I — About forty leading residents of ‘Williams- ] iowh met at tho Council Chambers last even- 1 ng and made‘all the preliminary arrange- 1 uents for the public meeting oh Monday £ JTcaing next to coasito Oood§V»chwae, J A public meeting of the ratepayers 0j Williamstown is called for Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, in the local Mechanics’ Institute, for the purpose of discussing s;r John Coode’s scheme and its effects if carried out, upon Williamstown and Sand, ridge. Every ratepayer should put in an appearance upon the occasion. The sixth and last match for two trophies presented to the Williamstown Artillery will take place this afternoon at the Victoria ranges. The Rev. H. F. Scott did not deliver his lec. ture on “ Infant Baptism ” last Sunday eren ing, in consequence of the inclement state of the weather. We are requested to say that the rev. gentleman will deliver it to morrow evening. The Rev. H. F. Scott acknowledges with thanks parcels of slothes for distribution from Mr Grounds, Mrs Gamon, Mrs Lan^wili (extra), Anonymous, aud £2 from Mr Fehon for the same object. The concert to supplement the fund fot providing uniforms for the Footscray Ko 1 fife and drum band came off on Monday even ing and proved a success. There was a fai> attendance and the programme, which wa3 varied and humorous, was well sustained, the audience being highly pleased with the en tertainment. Last Wednesday the nominations for tha School Board of Advice closed. As the number nominated did not exceed the vacan ies, the following gentlemen were declared by the returning officer, Mr John Morgan duly elected :—Messrs J Fowler, T. Collins I. Hopkins, G. Baker, W. T. Liley, T. C Hodgkinson, and the Iter. J. J. Halley. By reference to par advertising columns it will be seen tljat the Church of England bazaar in connection with the parsonage fq'nij of St John’s Church, Footscray,will be ppeijeej by the Mayor of Footreray, on Tuesday the 3rd of July at three o’clock aud will continue open the two following days and til! tea . o’clock each evening. Donors are requested to send their gifts on or before Thursday, the 30th inst. The result of the Fitzroy election, which takes place next Tuesday, will be posted at our offices, Nelson Place, Williamstown, aid Cowper Street, Footscray, about fi,30 on the evening of that day. Additional interest at, taebss itself to this contest so far as Williami town is concerned, from the fact that the constitutional candidate is a brother of Mr f, M. Blackett of Williamstown, On Monday night the Williamstown Be form League will meet to discuss whethir their delegates shall support the following platform adopted by the Central League Constitutional reform ; a progressive laud tax ; the letting of all Crown lands upon equitable terms, and the subdivision and re letting of squatters’ rugs for adsquate rents ; the readjustment, and, where necessary, the extension of the present protective policy; electoral reform—(a) the abolition of plural votes, (b) the adjustment of representation to population, (o) the making of voting compulsory j the establishment of a national bank of issue ; payment of members j and the furtherance of the mining interests of the colony. Parliament will be called together an Tuesday, the Sth of July. The session il likely to be a protracted one, and will in all probability continue until Christmas. At tha meeting of the Williamstown Coun cil mi Tuesday la6t the Mayor gave notice of his intention to move that a bye-law b{ framed, the objects of which will he to pot down the assembling of larrikins in gronpi at the corners of streets and in front of shops and other buildings. The wilful destruction of valuable property haa induced Cr Knight to table his motion, which it is hoped will speedily become law. An interesting entertainment will be gifto under the auspices of the Wesleyan Sabbath School, Williamstown, on Thursday evening next. It will take place in the ecUonlrQom, Paspo-street. The difficulties with which the commitqa of the WilliamstpKi. Mechanics'Institute ate confronted in repuiring the hall has met irdb some sympathy and support from the loctl Council. They bare resolved to form a joint deputation, who will wait ou the Chief Secretary asking for assistance to rebuild the eastern end of the hall, which iu a short time may be condemned as dangerous for public meetings. A petition signed by soma twenty rate payers residing in Nslson-placs, Williams town, was read at the meeting of th« ptcndj on Ip'ueeday last. TbVobjici'of the memo'r.a} was to consider by what ineaiis tW porliS* of the footpath between Cole and Thompson streets could- be lighted. It was coferid by verandahs and after the shops were closd vya’s inconveniently dark. Abb proof of the want of wiedom, rays tbs Colao Herald, displayed by tha members of the Shire Council in obtaining trees required for street planting in Melbourne, when hotter samples could hare been obtained -roa * local grower, wo kave to announce that Mr* Mnrriuer received an order from Mr Kilzgib bon, tha Melbourne town clerk, for fifty elati, to be planted near the Town Hall. So please} were -the Melbourne authorities wi'h (U the trees thht Mr If amber forwarded tbit he yesterday received another order for cut hundred more. What our quondam Bbitfl Councillors will say when thpy read ft® above we know pot,'but are sqrctho' will coincide with us when we say that Wgt action qyqr the street planting was merely cn a par with tho bungling that has alvsjj characterised them. We have just been shown a very ingenioul invention by Messrs Oldham and McNeil of Nelson Parade, Williamstown, for the pr*’ veptifln of jqinjnjj accident!) whilst ascpqd'8? ordecending shafts. The frequent ocaurtencs ofjthese sad eventsowing to tho breaking *f winding goar has caused an appalling low of life at one time or another, and therefore the genius of invention has been directed to the subject with the object of reducing or nullifying the danger. The apparatus alluded to must recommend itspif to fhew Who dig down into the bowels of the'eattb, pot only on ■acQoqot ’Qf'ita simplicity effectiveness: bnt also on tho wore of economy, as it can be fitted to any ordinary cage in use. Briefly described the invention consists of two iron plates fastened on the top of tho cage, each being fitted with » shoe or guide working ou skids in tho shaft A shaft of iron works in the side haying a toothed tqmbler'qn 'cach’end’, Of1} n-'l'prpr’bar kyitt a' weight nttjiched. TM lever presses on a perpendicular rod finea with a spiral spring, aftor the faahioo of» steam safety valve, which releases the tumblers whenever a breakage occurs. When worsting in the ordinary way the apparatus rcma'Bi idle, but should a break in the rope or winding gear occur aud the strain b° tumblers fly round and grip into theWO^W skids of the shaft, thus prevenli-ig tl)pcsg5 from descending. Indeed so firm is *10 token that nothing hut the steady strain the engine when the breakage has been**' paired will remove the cage from its posit!08 ind the weight upon it serves to tighten tb* told of the sectors. A working model of ^ ipparatus will be exhibited at tbs Bail1** Rest this •reniag, The Williamstown Council have resolve to asphalt to the full width the footpath c Thompson-strect between the corner of th old Custom House reserve and Little Nelson The Harhor Trust have intimated to th Williamstown Couucil that under their regu lations it is necessary to obtain a license fo the steam punt from the Commissioners. Tin Council have taken time to consider the de rmnd. m-l referred it to their Public Work: Committce« It. has been decided, says a contemporary by the Minister of Railways to admit person: accompanying their friends, who are passen gers bv train, behind the barriers erected at Spencer-street station. But in order to pre vent the public generally rushing through, and to keep the platform in front of tiains from being overcrowded, and the work oi porters impeded, admission will be given 0nlv to those who hold tickets. Special tickets have been prepared for this purpose, and are sold at the station for sixpence each, tince the regulation has come into force onlv two applications for tickets have been The consequences of the depression of trade are being severely visited upon the officials of the municipalities. Anticipating the general gyircity of money, says the Colac Herald, and that the funds of the local Shire Council would be rather low for some time, we have persistently, for the last two years, advocated retrenchment in erery possible way. We did not wish to make a too sweeping reduc tion in the salaries and general expenses as tome Councils have done, hut we wish the finances to be more economically dealt with than they have hecn since the proclamation of the Shire. Retrenchment has been the order of the day in nearly every Shire Council in the country, and the Ballarat pouncil has commenced with the collector, pnd has reduced his salary from £230 to £100 per annum. The salaries of the other officers of that Shire will ho dealt with at a subsequent meeting. <■ Oh, it's only a slight touch of cold, and the- (-dor thing has been troubled with a dry, hnr.-h cough, but it will wear away in time.'' And it wears away, and with it goes the life of the little suiferer. Only a cold and a slight cough do more to fill our cemetrics and rob happy homes of the little footsteps yvboSO pattering is music to the careworn soul. Vlark all her host of ills that haunt Infant Jifd, -Are your children suffering from "only a slight ppM, or affected with a dry, harsh cough," denoting to the trained ear that the fingers of the grim destroyer £re tightening on the young throat! Then fry the Evektos Cough Remedy as n certain ami speedy cure for Coughs, Colds, Catarrh, Influenza, Croup, Whooping Cough, Asthma, Bmmchitis, and a sqre relief in Cansumption, It clears the bronchial tubes, igbAtes irritation ; a single teaspoonfnl will give immediate relief to an adult, s.nd it is bo pleasant to the palate that children take it with avidity, ilannfaetqipd solely by Khascis Lo.vgmore, Chemist, eonicr of Flinders and King streets, Melbourne, and cold by all Druggist?,—[ Advt.] 