HIBERNIAN AUSTRALASIAN CATHOLIC BENEFIT SOCIETY. St. Maey's Brasch, Kyneton. The ordinary meeting of this branch was held on Wednesday evening, the 30th day of July, 1879 ; the president (Bro. P. Hunt) in the choir. £2 16s. 8d., sick pay, was passed for payment. Bro. T. Hehir, delegate to aistaict meeting, was recorded a unanimous Tateipf .thanks forhis intelligent and lengthy M^nifc. The secretary was instructed to -*gte}to$he, D.8. for dUplioatfe forms of all Wpqgqates of members received by the Mel- S9Fne, district, with view to iave them exa^amed by the bjanoh officers as to their correcJmMB or . otherwise. In compliance H®„ a "of motion givenbyBra. J. and the two sn^mier to thq amount, of. ££8 Wg, mfler BS THE MASSACRE PF GLIENCOE- - Br PEOTBTEfe. [Missing after thebattle—theli&i;^fore the storm—the voice of Glenoid's blood crying from the tap-jpjjms.pf Brentford—murder will out—in the Paris Gazette—the Bev. Obas. Leslie, a very learned High Church Anglican, non-juring divine—' 'GaUicnus Jtediriviis"—i)ie holy Tiorror of the Scottish Parliampnt-^royal William 1H. issues a royal commission of . inquiry into the massacre of Glencoe, as his majesty wants to know how, and why, and Wherefore, and by whose authority the frightful deed was done, for he was quite sure such an atrocity was never perpetrated by his order —the Scotch Parliament vote the massacre, nam con, to be " wilful murder," and find the long not guilty of it—the punish ment of the innocent culprits—BobinBon Crusoe on the Glencoe massacre.") After every great battle, however brilliant the victory, and whether the' battle be fought or the victory won in Zululand or Afghanistan, at Sedan or Waterloo, or in Glencoe, it becomes the duty of the generals to make up a return of the killed, wounded, and the W) i sting. But it so happened that King William's valiant army of 120 musketeers, led on by the gallant Captain Campbell, fought and won on the field of Glencoe, without having either killed, or wounded, or missing to report. Strange to say, the carnage and the casualties were altogether on the enemy's side. Those too confiding Maclans chose to be in bed when the brave Glenlyon offered them battle. Under their black wool blankets the clan Macdonald, " in naked helplessness supine," lay fortified in their night-caps. Husbands, wives, children, even the babies at their mothers' breasts, did not use nor put on armour, nor come forth with weapons to eceive the red coat's attack. And why ? ecause they didn't get time to. Captain Campbell pledged his word of honour that e didn't come for war, but for peace; and he Maclans believed him, and went to sleep, nd thirty-eight of their best men were shot before they had got half way through that ream of false security into which the captain soothed them. For a desperate bedoom battle like that of Glencoe, thirty- eight killed may seem to «ome a poor sum total, and may ask about the wounded and the missing. I think the leaders, on the bolster side must have neglected to count the wounded or seek up the missing. TJnder^the circumstances, the Macdonald leaders may perhaps be excused. They inay have lad something else to do when they were flying for their lives on that foggy* frosty, snowy, February morning; flying half naked with the bullets whistling after them, sinking in the snowdrifts, or swallowed up in the peat mosses. Some women and children fell by stray ballB wMch had already hit their husbands. Hovt^ittany were frozen to death in ihe csv&t; •^•fctfro Glencoe ranges; how many famished infants, terrified mothers, and sickly or aged expired of exposure and hunger, was never ascertained with any exactness. Those who had the chance of flight and who fled, kept their own secret. They were afraid to tell it to those who would or could record it. No inquiry took place for three years; and then who would know or could tell how many were wounded and dropped down, crimsoning the snow with thier life blood P It is a moderate calculation to take the wounded and missing at half the number of the killed, and set the loss of the Macdonalds down at sixty, or sixty-five. No doubt the death of those who underwent the fusillade was less painful than the death of those who were starved in their hiding holes up in the hills; but such a style of extermination may not have been included in the king's order, and the muster roll of the massacre is to contain only those who were shot off so early in the morning before the break of day on 13ith February, 1692, without time to make even the sign of the cross. That campaign of Captain ampbell's is short, sharp, decisive, and successful in the Glen of Goe. How could t be anything else but successful ? Was it not planned by the first warrior in Europe, William of Orange ? Did he not choose jthe depth of,'winter for the assault? Did not Bradalbane tell him that winter was the right time " to maul the'Glencoe wretches P' Did he not instruct his secretary to instruct his officers that the blow was fo be struck suddenly, secretly, and so quietly, that the sufferers should have not one instaattvarning, or even a suspicion tif thecomingstroke by which they were to ; Ke exterminated ? Like Lear, did 1 not William bid- his executioners " steal upoii and kill, jail, kill'.' the slumbering tribri?. Did . inofc the bofet commander of the age,, William of. the Boyne, jwoommend it by suggesting the tactics of savages -.and cannibals,; to Hill aid Hamilton an^ Xjivingstpn?. Spe what precautions were adopted totrapthe old'fox and his cubs^ the chifei and His tons.. Colonel Tfifl Old tiff two fietatjtthents'of ttOmefh each, t6 n ocbupy nrY'nmr the ^a nfertjw/p&iBeS;' Tltii riiii' - which nrliirh led' Ja3 ! but irint ~6f Glencoe ffo'the iitMh and tbuth.'arid- thuis jshoot dowii <all HtedgglSTs who might escape Campbells akd dOrummond's five o'clock &.m."surprise. If.theae400 ihen had arrive! in good - time, 1 the ligtiofjthe alaughtered Macftoftalds have <been .-rather, longer. The " v '«jf- the"«ieno6e« «ASel'B;i.«DBppodi'8iJajid' thBBe^remiHBri.'cIanB.aadg&v; butoheri^ ^i&sskitMfc; *" bcybndputaUit, when Major Diibdatisob '&tld; Ms 400 got Up to the scene of action,. etnA all. that remainea for them : to do wasitoswieep the flocks and herds of the Macdonalds before them, and burn jdl the haystacks and cornricks and houses along The Tune of march through the valley. Was -their King William's "plan of extirpation so successful after all.? What did the butchery ateanplish ? Nothing, of what was proposed, The crime, like all such crimes, turned out a sorry blunder, as useless as it Was foolish, and only recoiled on its contrivers, covering them with eternal infftmy. Yet there was a pint or two of the milk of human kindness left even in the hearts of Captain Campbell's 120. braves. They bayoneted the betrayed Macdonalds like Isaac Walton put his worm on his fishinghook. The shooting and the stabbing were done as if the shooterB loved the " wretches" they were butchering. What could be more kind and compassionate than the conduct of that Sergeant Barber ? Four men had be6n shot at their own fireside, and fell prostrate on the floor. Seeing one of them quivering, as he thought, in the pang6 of death, the sergeant took him by the hand and asked him "if he was alive?" "Yes," faintly replied the wounded man, "but I would rather die outside of the house in the open air, than inside." " Well,", said the tender ergeant, for the meat of yours I have eaten, you shall die outside." Then he lifted the dying man and carried him outside, and alled a couple of soldiers to finish him with nother bullet through his head. Wasn't e a kind-hearted man, that sergeant P and ho oan say the Glencoe thieves and rebels is over; the curtain is down; the actors are gone back to Fort William. The Bard of the extirpated Maclan clan ventures back to the glen. He gazes in grief on the ruined home of his chief. He sees the dead bodies of his sept scattered round; and ascending a. rock that overhung the scene, he chanted a mournful lament over his murdered kindred, as Lord Maeaulay relates. The dead are carried to their inland burial ground in Loch Leven. Another snowfall covers the burned cabins. No trace of the bloody morning's work is visible. Lord Argyle's regiment is marchcd away to Edinburgh, and from Edinburgh to Brentford, 400 miles distant. Colonel Hill sends his report 1 of the expedition which the king had ordered to Glencoe to perform "a noble work of charity." All is over, and silence settles down on the transaction. No one in England beyond the King's private cabinet and Dalrymple's office knows of the " great act of public justice." It will never rise, like Baiiquo's ghost, to shake its gory locks at anyone, much less at the royal William. Captains Campbell and Drummond may discuss together the incidents of 13th February as they sit over their wine in the parlour of the " Green Dragon," at Brentford. Glencoe is hushed to official'rest. But do notpeople say that murder will out 4? Brentford, so famed in story as the old Saxon capital of Middlesex, and even now nominally the county town, in spite of smoky' London; Brentford, where the two kings smelled at the same rose; Brentford has ears of its own, and its rural hearing will be roused up ere long. Lord Axgyle's Highlanders, about 1000 of them, are quartered there; and while the captains converse together of their expected removal across the channel to Flanders, the corporals gossip, perhaps too loudly, over their strong English ale in the Brentford tap-rooms, of the fun they had at the battue in Glencoe, and how tin men gasped in their death throes, and how the women screamed, and the children squealed, when getting cold lead and steel into them. And the burgesses of Brentford who called in at the " Whito Swan," and "The Two Kings," and the "Greep Dragon," for their mug of beer, began to hear carousing Highlanders reciting their warlike exploits in the Vale of Coe. And the burgesses listened with amazement, and came again and again and heard more of.these wild, tap- room recitations, and repeated all they heard to their friends and families; and more neighbours came for their ale, and so the horrifying story of that far-away Grampian Glen, became a fireside tale in every house in Brentford, though every' householder declared the battle of Glencoe to be nothing else than a base, a brutal, and ..a bloody massaore. Everybody knows that it is a short way from Brentford to Hampton Court, King illiam's favourite residence, because, its ectangular . gardens reminded him of his paternal home' at' the Hcigue; where "but into the; Bang's "house did "the tap-rooifL echoes from ®eritf6rd penetrate, and low ! ahd awful whispers abont a 1 'massacre'' 'iromulou^ly reverberated -in William's palace galleries. And then Kew and Barnes and Hammersmith: received'the ftale on its way into 'London, where •'ythe people" readily devoured it, and. up ^antfe tho ltey. .Charles Leslie, an Anglican High Church divine, the remarkable .son of a more remarkable father. 1 This iafher Wte Dr. linguist of his time: • Charlefe ,U." made 4im Biahdp of the OHoiey Isbcndsr ihsn Bishbp pf J&phoe;, jsndrthenof .'Cfogh® - , jn.3£jelanfl.; riifent £ffWC e'tStS-Jffie .•aEfewas'AhabhM ttribr^&araiibk; "J i f thg:Jtev,i set, whose . - k ^ J 8 weU knowk. Mr Bre^ord myste^, went np to thteoldSa^ burgh, and commenced a series.of wSf gatieim. He had . interviews with c S Campbell of Glenlyon, and CatS Drummond, the, forme? of whom proffi thatthere was nothrng in the affair of GfeS ™ ^ ashamed of; that he w S do the same deed over; again if ifetfuired 3 would stab anyoneto the heart if comWndea to do bo by Mb superiors. Mr. Leslie aW oouVersed with the men who had shot X Macdonalds; whom they had draggedoutrf bed, and faithfully wrote down allhegatK from those who had been engaged in ttie execution of the King's orders But meantime, while Leslie was collecting his materials for the pamphlet of 130 or 140 pages which he soon after published an article appeared in the Paris Gazette giving a brief but graphic account of what had befallen the Macdonalds in Glencoe This paragraph was copied into other continental gazettes, and created what we so often speak of as a profound sensation All over Europe there arose a stern cry of universal condemnation against the royal author of the atrocity and his more immediate "accomplice, Dalrymple. Then came Leslie's book, which he entitled, " Galliums Medhivtts/' which put the whole affair in its true light, and pointed out where the blame lay; and so strong wag the tide of popular feeling, that it swept away William's popularity, and yerv nearly his power before it. '' Gallicmm Reft, virus," or " Gallienus come to life again " was a significant title. Gallienus Publius Licinius Valerianus Egnatius, was a Pagan Soman Emperor, who Jlived in a.d. 250-60. He sent an -order to one of his generals ordering a secret, sudden massacre of some whom he called rebels. The two cases bore striking resemblance, and hence Leslie chose the name for his pamphlet. The massacre was unknown in England until Lord Argyle's regiment was qnartered in Brentford, and there the facts oozed out. In Scotland the deed was at first regarded as a Highland clan feud in which the Macdonalds had got the worst of it. But when the storm of public indignation in England rose so high, and when from every country came the voice of denunciation on all and sundry who had a hand in the crime, then the Scottish Parliament, being in session, called for the Report of the Royal Commission, and the evidence on which the report was based. The Earl of Breadalbane was impeached of high treason, as being a partisan for James Hi, while professing to act towards the Highland chiefs as the friend of William. He was also called on to account for the £15,000 he had received to expend in bribing the chiefs. The Scottish Parliament grew exceeding virtuous, and invoked Nemesis and called for vengeance on everybody. As the most judicious method of calming the tempest and embarrassing the clamourers, William was' .H&ised; to issue a royal commission to inquire into the whole proceedings connected with the Glencoe raid; and tms bciiig done, Scotch Parliament was prorogued, and was not called together again for two years. At length, in 1695, the Estates Convention met, with full privilege of free speech and legislative discussion, and right to criticise all acts of the executive. This was one of the great benefits conferred upon the nation by the Revolution. Why these benefits were not conferred by the legitimate monarch seems strange. Immediately on assembling, ^Parliament called for the report of the royal commission of 1693, and after hot and vehement debate the House resolved, 1\. That the killing of the Glencoe WILFUL MtTRDEB. 2\. That the King's order afforded no grounds for the barbarities committed. 3. The House suggested to the King that Ms Majesty should deal with Dalrymple, the master .of Stair. 4. That his Majesty should order Campbell, Drummond, and the two Lindsays and Serjeant Barber to be sent home prison-, ers from Flanders, where they now were with their regiment, to be tried for murder. These foiir points were embodied in an address, and when William received it he said, " I am miifch' obliged to the Scotch Parliament for putting me on my trial for wilful murder, and then finding me' not guilty." In fact, no' one was • guilty unless everybody was guilty. The King saw and felt this, but he stubbornly disdained to pay any heed to the address. The clamour was so Dalrymple that. the King was "compelled-to dismiss him from office as Secretary ot State. He made him an Earl, ho!ye?®» and after, a time, again employed him in the public 'service, and bestowed tipon hi® teeriMh iro^ilties ib telencoe. iSir T. liftingfltbn was raiaed to the peerage as Lord-'Eliot. Colonel Hill became -Sir 1 John, «nd all the officers charged with wilful murder by-we arliament• • received, marks 'of the royal favour.v Daniel De Foej ahthdrof f'^W^ @rtieoe," wrote'his metjioal, p&mphlet;, "-2?? Ttvc.Hom tyylishttuta,", to.pacifv^popWf dislike to William fea foreigner. TCj^JPSif begins with the tw,o well-'known lines- 1 - ; ; ''iT^eipW^M^ereoto # house of prajer, .•jSCjie dsf&fljngp;) tyjiMf^l 1 chap^ ; This poetic i>®.MJl5 tyalSfavoM,; ja^he^^familiarly adm«®| ba t£» Singgfl pM^mqe^nd oppvefaakon- ^g. ilitflil mjfj/'jnbtf yskw&n; :<otfek hidibt&iafoly;' too .-te^fcewBiflarfcB ffioeis itmeis pMve.tiiatihifi provetauitiiBie jwdfirs, srwm^ff"-* lled as literally as he oould desire. 