Roman Catholics and Edu- cation. We (JEclio) have received from his Grace Archbishop Vaughan the following Pastoral Letter of the Archbishop and Bishops exer- cising jurisdiction in New South Wales : "To our dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Regu- lar, and the faithful under our Juris- diction. " Health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ. " Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic Education are steadily increasing so as to become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developinginto absolute injustice ; wo, the Archbishops and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are responsible to God for the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duly to meet and take council together regarding the present con- dition of affairs, so that we miyht then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. " The erection of costly Public Schools in every direction, which is continually going on, the _ steady, systematic way in which our Denominational Schools are being weakened and extinguished ; the treatment of Catholics at Randwick and the Benevolent Asylum ; the_ prospect of secularist Grammar Schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst; of a secularist High School for girls being es- tablished in Sydney, and partially endowed by_ the Government; of £1500 a year being spent for five years on the educa- tion at GrammaT Schools of boys exclusively from Public Schools: this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the commun- ity, to the exclusion of others who cannot in conscience avail themselves of it, is, in a free community like our own, where all aro equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. " And more than this, this expenditure on 'godless education, this studding the colony with schools which the Church knows from experience will, in course of time, fill the country with indifferentists, not to speak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funds -of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets- for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly be- lieve is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity, is an act so galling to every feel- ing of fair play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged. " Not merely as Bishops of the Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphatically 'lay claim to our share of that same even handed justice ; and believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one-third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more conside- ration than our fellow tax-payers receive; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. " Let it be borne in mind that this is dis- tinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parties. But when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself, is essentially bound up with a certain position ; when the question of education is in point of fact the great religious question of the day;-we should be prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were we to hold' our peace ; did we not, at the present juncture, set forth the teaching of the Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmistakable clearness, your duties as interpreted by that teaching. " Christ came on earth to renew the world t by the graces of His spirit, by His perfect ' law of life, and by the supernatural revela- tion of His will to man. What the highest Paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that ne did, in all its fulness and perfection. The first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans gives us an outline of the degrada- tion to which man can fall under a civilization which is based upon the passions ; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato, and Cicero has proved to us how impotent are literature aud philosophy and intellectual cultivation, when they set themselves to purify the spirit of the inner man. The hideous blots which disfigure the highest morality of Rome and Athens are as so many fingers which point to the utter imbecility of man when he thinks to civilise the heart, instruct the conscience, and direct the will, apart from the influences of true religion. And what tho history of the past has proved to be the case, the history of the present is ever more and more confirming. We find, on all sides, that where philanthro- pists have attempted to educate the inner life of man by philosophy, legislation, or intellec- tual culture, the effect has always been the same. Every civilization which has not had Christianity for its basis has been dwarfed, stunted, and deformed ; and every effort, from that of tho most remote Paganism to that of the most modern infidelity, to deal with the conscience, the will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in the degradation of man, and in the collapse of the philosophy which corrupted him. The reason may have been exercised, and the intellect may have been informed ; but, apart from Christianity, the moral nature, on which man's worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor his powers, passions, and mo- tives elevated or refined. " What Paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into the world. What legislation cannot touch, or philosophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came to legislate for, to purify and to ennoble, through the gifts and gui- dances of the Christian dispensation. He, and he alone, was able to convert and re- generate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's Maker. It required the power of holy Baptism, with its interior and supernatural effects ; the light of faith illu- minating the intellect and informing the conscience ; and the grace of the sacraments, especially of penance and the altar, together with a supernatural life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, before man could gain any adequate notion of what Christian civilization really meant, and of the effects on the entire man of Christian education. These things, it is plain, are especial gifts of God to fallen nature ; they are graciously bestowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him in withdrawing himself from the tyranny of passion and the thraldom of pride ; away from that brutality which is produced by an enslavement to the world, the devil, and the flesh. Besides these gifts, Christianity brought knowledge of a perfect kind, compared with the obscurity of the past. It taught man that in comparison with the next world, this world, and all its wealth and knowledge, are as dross ; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can offer ; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul before all things else ; and whatever he gain if he lose God, all is lost ; and whatever he lo«e, if he gain God, all is gained. Chris- tianity brought into the world, also, three in- valuable gifts ; a true knowledge of God, a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towards God and man. " On these teachings, all civilization and legislation, all morality, public, social, and private, are founded. Without these man falls back into Paganism and barbarism ; his moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates to- wards the condition of the savage. Whilst, on the other hand, with Christianity thus act- ing as a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the efficacy of the sacra- ments, and the teachings of Revelation, man is lifted up; his reason energizes in its fullest freedom, his conscience is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness, and ripeness which are never to be found under less favourable conditions. Now we are bound, both by the natural and the revealed law, to educate children in the knowledge of God, in His love, and in His commandments. As Christians we are bound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their childi en; and by the law of Christi- anity the Church is bound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from the dawning of their reason : the Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete the .work which the parents have begun. ' Go yo therefore and teach,' or make disciples of ' all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded you,' is her com- mission. Here the duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching ; they are in perfect harmony ; the education of the child at its mother's knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but developed and com- pleted. Through the whole period the graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian child ; the heart, the conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete personality, becomes saturated by a civilization, of which Christianity alone can be the origin. "Thus it is self-evident that education without Christianity is impossible : you may call it instruction, filling the mind with a certain quantity of secular knowledge, but you cannot dignify it with the name educa- tion : for religion is an essential part of edu- cation ; and to divorce religion or Christianity from Education is to return to Paganism, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method of teaching, in which the religious element is divorced from the secular. She knows that instruction is not education, and that a system of national training from which Chris- tianity is banished, is a system of practical Paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dishonour. " It is not, therefore, surprisiug that Pope Pius IX. should have issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on. In it they will find no new doc- trine, but the old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. ' The greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says the Supreme Pontiff, 'when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little de- prived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civiliza- tion, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after his life his last end. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and untruth ; aud education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly pro- duce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild con- ceits, and which will bo a source of great misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families. Who does not see that tho same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools ? for it is in these schools, above all, that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with dili- gence to piety, good morals, religion and civilization. In such schools religious teach- ing ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, there- fore, are exposed to the greatest perils when- ever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational insti- tutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of tho Church, and the exertions made to carry this dosign into effect, are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by the desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of our holy faith. Those who pretend that tho church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever couutry this pernicious de- sign of removing the schools from ecclesÍasti- cal authority should be entertained and car- ried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts, and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.'* " Wherever the question of Secularists' schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Church have preached the same doctrine, and have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warnings. How the Bishops of Ire- land have spoken in Synod and out of Synod", again and again, is known to all of you. The English hierarchy has more than once con- sidered it its duty to address the Catholic people of England to the same effect. In one of their recent joint pastoral letters they say : ' We have already declared that educa- tion without Christianity is impossible; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and and religious elements of education are in- separable; that education is essentially re- ligious, and therefore that where religion is excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may give instruction, but education they cannot give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, let it not be called education. Not only is education without religion impos- sible, but instruction without religion is in- struction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught cannot be moral : but Christian morals cannot be taught with- out religion ; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal rela- tions towards God and our neighbour ? And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist? But to know this—unless men are going to reduce a Chris- tian people to the level of Deists—Christi- anity must be taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the know- ledge of Christ, and that again, by necessity, involves the knowledge of His history, His teaching, His commandments, His incarnation, His divine personality. And what is this but dogma? for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught; and where morality is not taught, the heart, the conscience, and the will of children are not educated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to Statçs, than to call this education ?'f " Such, then, being the emphatic teaching of the Catholic Church, we, the Archbishop and Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn the prin- ciple of Secularist education, and those schools which are founded on that principle.} We condemn them, first, because they con- travene the first principles of the Christian religion ; and secondly, because they are seed plots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. Tney should not reßt till each membor of their con- gregation fully realizes the true position o£ affairs. They should bring before the minda of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them moreover, warn parents, who, through a spirit of indifference or worldlinesB, are exposing their children to proximate danger of perversion and of ruin, that they aro tempting the anger of the Almighty God ; and that they aro jeopardizing the faith, the morality, the eternal happinesss of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encourage- ment to schools ; for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bri ngirg about a change. Let one and all remember thafr their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood-flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freoly spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. " We are profoundly conscious that alatent sense of fair play exists in the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow electors, and their representatives in Parliament, these two facts-first, that Catholics havo to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the country ; and, secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them; let the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common, even handed justice will assist us in working out a reinody. Would Secularists hold their peace, if without equal provision being made for them, public treasure wore lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools and Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7500 wore ¡spent on the training of boys, exclusive from Catholic institutions ? Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordinary in- justice and unfairness ? And would not the whole world agree with them ? " It will bo urged that the State leaves re- ligion to parents and priests, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. "Truo, the State does not, and cannot, claim a commission to educate. It is the * Letter addressed by Pope Plus Ii. to the AroUbishop of Freiburg, July 14tli, 1804. t Given. April lil. 1871. Signed Ijy tlio Arohbisliop of WCBI> minster Mid lils twelve Suffrngaut. f Seo Appendix. «-? "bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp, the moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by the natural and Divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State has no power or commission to usurp the parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending _ their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is taught. To do so would be to indulge in the? most cruel form of religious persecution. The State has no rights higher or tnoroj sacred than those of parent». Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwar); the natural rights and duties of parents : its commission is to see that the rights are noí invaded, and that those duties are performed.. The Catholic Church condemns godless schools and Secularist education because they are solvents of Chris- tianity, and tend towards depriving Christian children of a priceless treamro. And no man can be a sound Catholic and support that which the Church condemns. " The Stale may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the Secularist system is not ad- verse to Christianity1 and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Does not the Church know her own true interests best? Has not she had ex- perience of centuiies, in point of time ; and all over the world in point of space ?_ Are not her professed opponents on the side of Secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side? And to come to facts, has the Secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and developed a Christian spirit? Has not tho Catholic episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit ? What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony ? To their shame, it must be said, bonne of our people do send their children to Public Schools. What is the deliberate conclusion wo have arrived at with regard to such children ? That there is a marked difference between them and chil- dren who had been educated in Catholic schools. Thoir faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality; their manners are rough and irreverent, they have little sense of respect and gentleness, they have no attrac- tion for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell a class which is already far too lar^e in number. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. " If in any country in the world signs are being held out on evöry side of the neces- sity of an especial school of self-control, rev- erence, piety, puiity, dbedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any,country Catholic chil- dren require a strong iCatholic education, it is here. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Cathode public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in the train- ing up of tho young in a Christian spirit ; but here, where all is new, the clergy few, the population smal^ and scattered and the external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with the best efforts of the best Catholic training, to rear up the children to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholic ? instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not to cast Christianity out »f the schools, aud to confine it to a SunHay Catechism-class, under such circumstances as these. " The only fair chance for Catholic chil- dren turning out Catholic men and women in this colony is for them to be most carefully and conscientiously taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years ; and then tor them to be sent to thorough Catholic schools, where the home teaching is continued, and the mind and heart and conscience and senses of the children aro impregnated with Catholic instincts, and moulded upon Catho- lic truth. " It may be interjected that some Catholics do not disapprove of Public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are go- ing to thom. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong, and teaeh them what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn Secular- ist education ; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we aro inclined to fear the Catholics are beginning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity. The church is not ruled or fuided by the practices or corrupt views of ad, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics, but by the successor of St. Peter and the Bishops of the Church who are in communion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this au- thority, they will be safe : to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith. "What, then, aro our practical recommen- dations ? 1.-First, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsi- bility in the sight of God with regard to the Catholic education of their childron. Let parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray ; and, until they are fit for school, exercise them in Catholic prac- tices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic instincts, and, by example as well as word, systematic- ally mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reveronce. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. " II--Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catho- lic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for their children, who have lo learn, boforo everything else, to save their souls ; and who should be sedulously prepared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphero, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for en- countering the perils of tho world into which they will eventually be thrbwn. " IIL-ffhirdly, lefo-âll Catholic parents know that they clinnqt, without sorions guilt, place their children an proximato danger of perversion. Lol theft bear in mind that to do so is to sot at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church ; and that, unless there bo exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, oi which things tho Church is the judge, no Confessor can absolve such parents as aro willing to expose their children's souls to tho blighting miluenco of an alien creed or a beculnnst system ' 'IV.-Fourthly, let those who are so un- happy as to be sending their children at the present moment to Public schools, withdraw them as soon as possible. Let them examine their children's religious intincts and moral condition ; and if, as is to be expected, they find faith and morals weakened, and the germs of lawlessness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Let them espe- cially prepare such children for the Sacra- ments, teach them to hear mass devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers punctu- ally, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to bo obedient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed over thom. "V.-Fifthly, let the. clergy make such in structions as these the frequent subject of their sermons and their private exhortations ; and let thom not weary till godless and non Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children, and until all the Catholic children in tho district are receiving a sound Catholic education. "VI.-Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible ; so as to be equal in secular education to non Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in the genuine education of the will, the con- science, and the senses. " VII.-Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they havo, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pres- sure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellow tax-payers. " What is the present position of affairs ? Catholics aro paying for the support of schools which they can neither approve of nor make use of, -whilst no analogous pro- vision has been made for them. " We may be met with the cry of the ' re- ligious difficulty.' We admit the religious difficulty : but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by acts of extraor- dinary unfairness to a large section of the community. " The ' religious difficulty, exists in Ireland, and still more in England But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in evenhanded justice, we, here, aro retrograding, and are aggravating that one-sidedness and unfairness from which the broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of even-handeduess ? Why should not we walk in the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how to solve ' the religious difficulty' by the British panacea of fair .play ? And how can this principle of fair play be applied ? Tho answer is simple. Introduce payment by re- sults in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each section of the com- munity receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results (by Government inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds aro made use of for what all admit to be $i common good. Thus no one can complain. The Secularist sect, indeed, would be deprived of a monopoly ; but, then, a widespread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would" give way to happiness and peace throughout the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn ; nor would large annual gfants of money bo lav- ished upon one sectio'n of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair-play, and'no favouring, for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated.-Is not this a broad, an in- telligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If there be a wide-spread sense of justice in the land, as we firmly believe there is-Is there not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? " We recommend those interested in this subject to study the Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland ; the Elementary Education Act for England and .Wales, with the new code of Regulations ; ¡and Sir John O'sha- nassy's Bill to further ¿mend the Law relating to Education. " In matters of vital importance and com- mon justice, half measures generally turn out miserable and cowardly failures. If it be worth while for the Catholic body to assert its rights at all, it is worth while for it to assert its full and entire rights. Let us all realize this fact ; and then we shall not be content till our present humiliating position is ex- changed for one of fainiOBB and equality. It is a great cause which We have iu hand, no- thing less than keeping [alive, in its integrity, in our adopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far securing the salvation of souls, as well as the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sonse of their responsibilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter ; and never cease in their per- severing, their organise'd importunity, until they have obtained those rights which no man can refuse them without self-evident injustice. " Dearly Belovod,-' Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and be streng- thened.'* ' Keep the unity of the Spirit fn the bond of peace ; one body, one Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling ; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism ; One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all.'f " May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things ; that your whole spirit, and soul, and body, may bo preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.''^ " Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 1879, and ordered to be read in all the churches and chapels on Sunday. t ROOER BLUE, Archbishop of Sydney, t MATTHEW, Bishop of Bathurst, t JAMES, Bishop offMaitland. f WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulburn. 