A WIFE' ' WITH TWO HUSBAN DS A DOMESTIC STORY. CHAPTER XXXV 111. A NEW LIFE. Mdnteline hastened to placo herself he tween. d'AlbrettoQ ua the counless, I Tal'i caie, tako care, mother." But Victorine pushed her almost. roughly towards Jcho, who kept her beside him, saying " It.is for you to take care, Madeline -the count is your heir ! in killing me he would lose all, and I oan brave him." "Can you do so, madam?" meaningly demanded d'Albratto. " Yes, I intend to throw myself upon thelaw, and that sball dccide my fs?e.'" "You wu'ld n.t lr'." " You a're miaianh·e; I will appear. before the proper tribunal between my two busbands-he who succoured me when I was poor, and he who has tor tured me in ay iiluance. The world shall know than may deughter belongs to the poor man .whncm she honours, and not to him whom she curses-I will be tried by that law with which you have threatened me I I have no fear for the result, and the world shall know too, that which my family had too complete ly forgotten,that true nobility is in the heart." Y'You forget, madam," said d'Al. bretto, " that the very fact of being tried on such a charge, even though yon wereacquitted, would dishonour and de grade you." "I have been already dishonoured and degraded in bearing your name. I have confidence in Heaven, and defy you, onunt." " I accept the struggle as I accept the defianeoo. There are men whom difficulties overwhelm, but there are others who crush without heeding them And woe to you all,who will have form, ed the abyss into which I shall plunge you." At this instant a great commotion was heard within the house, the prin eipal door of the saloon was prestntly dashed open, uand the colonel and Peter, with Morel walking between them, and a number of the domestics came crowd . ing into the apartment. SThe wherefore of this is soon told. It will readily be supposed that John Duramel had made his friend Peter . acquainted with the fact that d'Albretto and the Venetiau traitor of eighteen years before were one and the same person. And Peter, without saying a word of his intention, and, as he believed, in the interest of his fi'iende, lost no time in making the truth known to the colonel And Peter did oore than that. Like John, doubting not in the least that Madeline had been thrown into the river by the count, he also felt certain, after having once, and onco only seen them together, tha MIorel had been the counts a confederate in that dastardly crime. And so he:accosted Morel, deolaring that he had seen him assist in the doing of the deed, had been on the bridge, and had kept quiet for fear that they would throw him in the water too, that Morel's mask had slipped aside when he had been passing beneath one of the' lamps, sad his face revealed to Peter, who had, he declared, seen it many times before. Mord hirncd white as a ghost, and trembling from head to foot, vainly tried to stammer out a denial of the accunsation. Just then Peter saw Henri Rousel, who was about to enter the count's house, and oalled to 'him, and Morel was made to accompany them, as we have just shown, D'Albretto, beholding Henri, his eyes flashing fire, and seeing Morel, white and tremiling, readily divined that his attempt to destroy Madeline was known, but thought for one moment that that was the worst. He was terribly undeceived when Henri, approaching him with threat* ening gesture, "exclaimed " Assassin of my father, your hour has come the emperor shall know, and will deal with you." "D'Albretto yelled forth a fright ful curse, and darted into an adjoin ing room, the door of which he look ed and bolted against those whom he . had left in the saloon. It was, of course, believed that he was attempting to escape, and while ?some of the servants were despatched with orders to intercept him in his flight, others, with the colonel and John and little Peter, strove to force the door through which the count had passed. Morel, unheeded now, fled from the house, and wither he went, or what became him was never known to any of out friends, who, for reasons which may be guessed, did not trouble themselves more about him. . The time had come when that man and wife, so long and cruelly separ ,.,ated, were about to be re-united. The door through which the count had flown yielded not, until the re port of a pistol resounded through the house, and then it gave way 'be fore another and most desperate effort to break it down. And there, upon the floor, lay d'Al bretto-ho bad shot himself through the heart, and had' died instantly. THE END. Potato-digging is now finished in, the' Mount Gambier district, anil, as a rule, the result is very disapopointing, beihg little mbre than onoe-half what they had hoped to get. The Border Watch says.the price has gone up, and it is believed there is now little more than will be required for local consumption and eel for unext year's crop. The local press quJtce themn at £5 per ton. 