NEWS OF THE DAY- The hearing of tho evideuco against tho directors and managor of tho Pr'A vinclal and Suburban Rank waj con tinued to.day, at the City Court, before a full bench of Magistrates; Ills Wor- ship the Mayor m tho chair. Tho defendant Scott was confined to his residence through illness, hi r Smyth suggested the advisability of Dr. .Tamei being present, although, as far as the law was concerned, tho fact of Scott being represented by counsel was suffi cient to satisfy tho demands of the court. At ; eleven o'clock the court was crowded with interested visitors anxious to listen to the pro ceedings. Tho cross-examination of Mr Drimble- coiube,tIie accountant, was continued at length, minute particulars concerning the business transactions of tho haul: being gone into. The defendants exhibited a calm demeanor during the hearing of the case, although anxiously listening to every word spoken in court. In our yesterday's report the name of Mr Mirame, M.P. was mentioned. It should have been the Rev. J. Minims, The mistake was pointed out in the Special Edition. Mr Perry was prevented by indisposition from attending the Executive meeting held this morning, and will probably be unable to attend at his ofiico until Tuesday next. This morning the Commissioner of Rail ways had under his consideration tho report of Mr Klsdoti on the recent accident at the York street crossing of the St. Kitda line. After going carefully through the evidence, lie has coinc to the conclusion already arrived at by Mr Elsdon, viz., that in his (Mr Woods's) opinion, the R til way department was in no way lo blauie for tiie occurrence. The Executive Council sat for a considerable portion of the morning to consider the case of the condemned man Laurenco After fully deliberating the matter, Sir Redmond Harry having been in ' attendance, tho Executive resolved to alloy' the law to take its course. The execution In fixed for Monday weak. An important deputation from the Church of England bisljiip. and clergy of Ballarat is to interview Major Smith at Eallai-.it to-morrow on the subject of religions instruction in State schools. We have made- arrangements for a full telegraphic report of the affair for our readers. We are, however, to a great extent, ir/thc hands of the gentlemen in tho Telegraph department,, and can paly trust that they will do their share of the work promptly and efficiently. N ox/week our sporting correspondent will visit sline of the racing stables, and on Mon day week wo will commonce our usual training notes'froni Flemiogton and Caulfield. We hopq, also, to arrange for information twice or thrice per week ns to the doings at the Dowling Jfojest course- Mr Justice Mole 3 worth has been engaged in tlib Equity Court during yesterday and to- djv taking evidence iu a ca-e of the disputed if ill of. a decerned p-raou. The testator, Mar garet Louisa Hughes Croiiin, also known as Louisa Ill-own, was a Spinster, who died a couple of months >iuce at 77 Madeline street, Carlton, leaving property of the value of about £70. On the -nil August last, when confined to her bed, anil exp-uting to die soon, una s-mt f.,r Mr daiuurl Lyons, solictor, who, from directions givrii by the testatordrew up her will there and then. The deceased bequeathed certain ringito Elizabetn Williams, a bedstead and bedding to Tbereea M'Langhlin, a workbox and nloum to M-ig- ret Lewie, and directed that the re.t nf her property should be converted iuto money ard distributed equally between the Melbourne Hospital, the Lying-in-Hospital aud the Hospital for sick children. line ap pointed -Mr Louis Green, hotel-keeper, of lius-ell street, her oxecutor; and Mr Lynns and Mr Roger l'itt, storekeeper, of Madeline street, witnessed the execution of the will. Mr Lyons guided the sick woman's hnnd while she situcd her name to the document. Ouvcuts against probate being grouted to that will have been filed bv William Buchanan, r,f Coventry street, Km-raUl Hill, butcher, and James Francis Tresman, of Midc- line street, publican, on tha grounds that the testator made a previous will, dated the 28th July, aud that when Bhe executed the s-cr.ud noe. she wm not of te-tt- meiitu-y capacity. Uy the will of the 28th July, the deceased mads Buchanan her s"le leentee, ami appointed Trcunuu and Wil liam Mills, of Madeline street, Carl ton, her executors. The evidence had not berii concluded when the ordinary editions of The Ilcnitd went to presi. Dr Madden appeared in support uf the will of the 4th August to which it wax sought to obtain probate and Mr T. A'lieukett appeared on the other side- Dories, the London forger, who was arrested some week! since by Detective Muokey on honrd the Aristides, will be sent back to England by the ship Carlisle Castle, in charge of Inspector Dobson, who was despatched from Scotland Yard with the warrant fur his arrest. The necessary papers are now ready for his extradition. Mrs l)avic3 and her son do not return with the prisoner, but intend to remain in this colony. At the St. Hilda court this morning, n young lad named William Berry was summoned by his stepmother for unlawful assault. The defendant, according to the evidence, has been living with his stepmother, who is a widow, mid the other evening, when lie .came home, the defendant expressed himself dissatisfied with the food provided for his tea in strong lan guage. When remonstrated with he becuine more abusive, _ and finally struck hi- htepmother, declaring that he would be liiuigcd-forhorannio day. Ton prosecutrix said she was in fear of her life, and - the bench auuounaed their intention of binding over the defendant in ono surety of £10 to keep the peace forsixmonth!, but they postponed tho case for a week, on tlicunderstanding that the surety would be forth coming next Friday. A woman named Catherine Dophillioi, aged 47 years, and living in Grant street, Emerald Hill, was admitted to the Melbourne Hos pital to-day, suffering from injury to the bead, caused by her throwing herself out of a second-storey window — a distance of sixteen feet— yesterday. The woman had botn drinking to excess. Edmund Brown, aged 52 years, and living in a'lJeokett street, w»s also admitted to day, suffering from a fractured leg, occasioned by his falling in the street while under the influence of drink. To-day being tho second set apart for the commemoration of the Feast of the Tabernacle, a large majority of the principal Jewish places of business in the city were closed. In the Prahron Court this morning, J lose Hill wss lined £10, or three months' imprison ment, for disgracefully insulting behavior to a lady in whose charge tier little' daughter has been pLced by the authorities of the Immi grants' Home. Tho defendant is herself an inmate of the Home. Mr T. P. Hill delivered his introductory lecture to the Melbourne Cuholio Young Men's Society, at St Patrick's School, Victoria Parade, yesttrday evening. Tho subject was Oral Teaching ond Extempore Speaking. Mr Hill dwelt upon the importunes of thinking out a subject thoroughly before attempting to speak upon it. The Kingdom of Verbosity was veiy thickly peopled, and thus very fowpuhlio spcakrrs uixleistood tho art of condensing their ideas. Tho value of judicious compres sion could hardly he overrated. The common air that was put away willi the breath, com- precstd, had tho force of guupowdor, and rended tho solid rock; so was it with speech To all young men who desired to rise ill tho' social and political scale, the study and prac tice of the Queon's English, both as regarded composition and speech, were of the l ist im portance. It was intiiuntcd that the members of tho society would meet at St. Patrick's School for a course of olocutionm-y in- siruction at the hands of Mr Hill every Thursday evening, at eight o'clock. A teat examination for candidates _ for tho December Matriculation Examination has been going on at tho Atlienieum Hall during yesterday and to-dnv, and will be continued tn- innrrow. 'i'he subjects on the time-table for yesterday 'and to-day are history, Euclid, Latin, I'hetich, and geo graphy ; for to-morrow, arithmetic, English, and algebra. The whole arrangements are similar to those of the examinations at tho University, and are conducted by Mr I. War reu Ball and j)Ir II, J, L. Batten, The Hamilton Spectator writes as follows A senilcman who has just returned from a tour through the Harrow district, informs us that as in the Wimmcra, so there, the clip will fall very short of what it was last year, both in quantity and Quality. Tho loss 111 quantity is to be attributed to tile great number of deaths among the flocks during the past few months, and iu quality to much of the wool beingbroken. On ono station alone tha falling off will be at least off bales. Very few aro washing this yoar, and this lias so reduced tne amount nf em ployment, which would othorewise be afforded, that hundreds of swaginen are hopolossly wandering about the country in search of work. It is t otliing unusual for twenty or th'rty men to arrive at n station nt sun-down, and demand rations, and on one station which is on the chief lino of route, there are seldom less then twenty, and often forty men nt night. Wii-t with the Land Tax, losses in sheep, and unfavor able sra'ons, landed proprietors will bo sorely puzzled to make ends meet, and their constantly having to provide for the wants of tiventj- or thirty men will further tax their resources, ana that most heavily. It is related that one station-owner, well known for his hospitality, felt compelled to draw the line somewhere; in justice to his own family ha found lie could not find food and accommodation every night for from 15 to 30 sundowners, so one liight lie refined rations. He soon found, however, that he was not to be permitted to decide, ns a crowd insisted upon the usual allowances being served out, and he had to give way. It is, however, satisfactory to know that these unemployed swagsmen no. longer bless the Berry Government, who told them two years ago that they would make this country a paradise for tho working men. A correspondent writes : — I havo been anxiously looking for a further elucidation of Meldce's ghost story, and am glad to learn that von are going to publish particulars from Trmfs Magazine. I read the particulars of Eislier's Ghost at Liverpool, in July, 1833 ; and, wonderful to relate, in the February of the next year, while travelling from tha Cow- pnstnres to tho Snowy River, in company with two others, we called at a roadside inn beyond Bnrgobrush, named the Wool pack, where a respectable nnd gentlemanly-looking person had just entered to get refreshment for himsrlf and horse, and turned out to be a brother of the murdered Mr. Fisher. One of my companions had been a man-of-war's man in his time, but was at' ached to the Parra- matta pelics when Fisher'a body was .found, and was ono of the actual men who was -present nt the exhumation. He and tho then diving Mr Fisher were old acquaintances, and the particulars, as read by me in Liver- : pool were repeated in full. I was then about 13 years in the world, and it will not surprise you to learn that I felt my cap lifting off my head with fright at the extra- ordinary recital of those two persons, who were s, , intimately acquainted wiih all the dc- tnils of Vblier's Ghost. \- The Minstrels still attract crowded audi ences. No company that has appe u-ed here lias more thoroughly comprehended tho spirit of tho so-called negro mins'ivlsy, and joined with it such rare inuaicrl ability, and such a fund of wit and c micaiity. Frank Wcslon touches the " ole Crein inn" nightly. ; _At the Temperance Hall the drama nf Ton Night! in a Bar-room appears to lro increasing in (Hipularity, the attendance last evening being verv large. To-night is announcod as a fa-hltmable performance, saveral of thn clergy also having signified their intention of being present. ; The Theatre Royal will doubtless be cr wvded to-nigl.t. on the occasion of the benefit of -Miss Mavgie Monre. Independently of the grcit claims the lady lias on the Melbourne public, tlm piogrnmine presents a treat seldom r-H'ered t"_ them. The liill to-night embraces Kerry, Struck Oil, and Tha Chine-e Qu-s'ion in all of which Mr and Mrs Williamson app-ar. To-in ,rrow night an original drama by the celebrated American author, Joaquin Stiller, will be pro. duefd. The playie entitled The Danites, and has reference to the early history of the " Des troying Angels " of Mormondnui. There will dnubtlees be such an attendance as will testify the appreciation of the Melbourne public of the lady's merits. The audiences at the People's Theatre con tinue excellent. Miss Hathaway has achieved a most undoubted success in Tried and True, under very difficult circum stances, and nt once established her self as n great favorite. The public will be sorry to learn that her appearance to-night is her last. Her pleasing manner, sym pathetic voice, and histrionic ability, have won her golden opinions. To-morrow night, a new Irish drama entitled Sprissawneen will be pro duced. To-night Dreams will be produced for the hut time ut the Opera House, and to morrow Mr Marshall will again, after his brief res-, re-appear, in Milky White. There will doubt less be a crowded house to witness the issue of this virtual challenge to our old identity, George Coppin, in one of his most celebrated impersonations. 