Wmnttu tynUUuuntt. (From our own Correspondents.) Inman Hills and Vaixey;, Dec. 18. The hot summer weather has wrought a great change upon the crops and pasture lands, and farmers are busy harvesting early crops. A severe accident, by scalding, happened here last week to a child 3 years old, by it pulling a tub of hot water upon its chest and arms, but it is now progressing favour ably. Princetown sports will be held as usual on Christmas Day. A tea and public meet ing will also be held in the Bible Chrioitan Chapel on that evening in aid of the Minis ters' ^.issjon. Encounter Bay, Dec. 22. We have had two very hot days here, giving certain sign of our usual summer weather. I have nothing of any great in terest to report. Of co.urse whitewashing: houses is over, and there are the usual pre parations for a joyous Christmas. Yes, I observe no doubt an experienced gander, ominously guarding with jealous eye his many wive?, and running opened mouthed at every suspicious stranger, who has the aspect of a cook or Christmas caterer. This week many indigenous and exotic plants, in the shape of visitors, may be expected from Adelaide and other tropical gions. Takin? my walk'i abroad, among many pleasant faces I observe none shining more brightly than those of school children, yet not with soap merely, but with the enjoyT ment of Christmas holiday. On Friday last I had the pleasure of hearing the child ren at Miss Hillman's private school here recite certain pieces of poetry. The phil dr n were mostly very young, and consider-? in-r their age, I think they did very well. Some of tbe pieces chosen, however seemed, to me too lonyr, too great a burden upon the memory of young children, though I , know it is not easy to select verses neither too many nor too fev. The children re ceived from Miss Hilluian the usual re ward books, and the school breaking up j tea. Her school is small, but £ cannot help thinking that such private schools, in many cases, supply a local want, and do a large amount of good. Moreover, L would s:iy that, in special cases, it would be no great exces* of liberality it the Education Department were to grant a small sum of money to the teachers of siicli schools ss a recognition of their scantily paid services to the state. Private schools are promot ing the same object as the public schools, and for spine even small private schools it would not be diHjcult to make out a good claim on the public purse. A small school has, I think, the great advantage of more individual teaching and less mere routine, in which true mental development has little or no part. The speciality to which I refer is where, as in soine districts, the state school is at too great a distance for the regular and profitable attendance of very young children. Think ot a child walking, in hot or we', weather, a longdis tance — why its firs' and natural impulse or instinct is not lo attend to school work but tq have a quiet sleep. I am quite aware that where there are twenty children to attend school, tug Government will erect at least a te:npqrnry school, but iu so -ne thinly inhabited places this required majority cannot a ways be secured, atid the minority suffer loss and inconvenience. At this festive season I am reminded of T. Hood's story about poor Mrs. Peck's perplesjties, how to provide a Curistmas pudding for her many children, how some good people sent her candles, so ip, coals, aud especiilly heaps of religious tracts, everything except pu-iding ingredients, an(* how at last, when almost driven to des pair, a real Christmas comprehended, the real siluatiou and supplied the real want. Perhaps the moral of Hood's 6kelch may be worth retneuibering at ibid Christmas tide. ' Oh G -d of mercy, thronged on glory high, On earth and all its misery look down, Behold the wretched, bear the captives cry, And call thy exiled children round thy throne .v Dawsley, Dec. 22. An entertainment was given in the schoolroom, at Dawsley, on Tuesday even ng, December 1G, the proceeds of which are to be expended in purchasing prizes for the children of the school. Mr. J. Lady man presided, and, although the weather was uncomfortably warm, there was a. pood attendance. The programme was divided into two parts. Tbe first part con sisted of readings and recitations ; the school children gave recitations, the most of which were yerj nicely rendered. Mr, J. Dishon pave the ?' Dawsley Ghost,' ' The Spirit of Contradiction,' and ' The Parlor Blind1' very effectually, to the de-f light and amusement of the audience. Master C. Ladyman gave the ' Foein on Australia,** and faster H. Ladyman 'The Burial of Sir John Moo-e' with clearness and good-efiect. Miss A. Sleeps rendering of ' We are Seveu*' was ajso well received, ' Mr?. Caudle's Lecture,' by Mr. J. Ltdytnan caused much amusement. The Misses Rsiyson, Davey, Jenkinson, Kain, Dunn, an-l llass gave their recitations very nicely. This concluded the first part. Mr. Ladyman then exhibited his magic lantern views, which comprised a fine collection of scenea, interesting and instruct v, which occupied quite an hour, Master C. Lady man playing the flute at intervals. Thus a verv pleasant and enjoyable evening was, spent, and 1 am sure the people got their sixpence worth of amusement. The last »ew days has given us a, fore taste of real summer weather, and a few wise individuals, predict that we are to have a scorcher ; well I nope not, for I da^ not relish excessive heat. Sickuess has prevailed here of rate, the agei being the gi eateat sufferers. — ? * ? Cooke's Plains, Dec. 22. Reaping is drawing to a close in this, locality, spme having finished are busy clearing up their wheat and barley. The yeld v.aries fxom 3, to 15., bushe's per acre, the., latest sown crops are proving the best* this season. As Mr. Bunt was returning frpm Brinkly this afternoon, his attention w«s Arrested by smoke arising from a fire, about a mile from Mr. Barrett's farm. Mr. Hunt quickly trot gome more men and they went to tho fire, and soon put it out! It was on the property of Mr. A. Cooae. Persons need to be very careful when there,. is so much: dry grass about, and not to drop any luciter matches about. ; There has been a telegraph line erected through this neighbourhood lately ; but I don't think, it will be much benefit to the people as there is only -to be a telegraph office at either end of it, namely, Adelaide aud Border. Town. One story i^ goo J till another is told. 