The Advertiser TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1879. The contests for the mayoralty and for the vacancies in the city council ought not to be allowed to close without a distinct un- derstanding on the subject of a dam across the River Torrens. There is a universal desire on the part of the citizens to see something done in order to create a sheet of ornamental water in the city, but those who present themselves for the suffrages of the electors do not make their views upon the subject known in the clearest way. It is not too much to say that the situation of the city of Adelaide is not surpassed, if indeed it is equalled, by that of any other Australian city. Strangers who visit us are struck with its remarkable beauty, which is much augmented by the park lands and the plantations which adorn them in every direction, and hem in the different approaches to the city itself. The great amphitheatre of hills which en closes Adelaide on the south, south-east, east, and north-east, presents a view which no- other Australian city can offer. The streets af the town are wide, the public baUdfujpi 9X9 such oa would disn^ure no city in the world, and the impression made upon thoaa who. whether they merely make a flying call from some of the Inrce steamers that anchor in the Gulf, or remain amongst us for a time, is always favorable. One great drawback, one huge eyesore detracts severely from all this, and that is comprised in the appearance of wliat is called by courtesy the " River " Torrenj. That river, as we know too well, is a long tortuous ugly looking- trench, enclosed by high abrupt banks, between which an at- tenuated streamlet trickles. Where the water space is wide it becomes miserably shallow, and the green stuff which borders its edges savora strongly of sta.'nition. Where the stream is narrow the beach or bottom that intervenes between the banks and he water is wide and sandy, diversi- fied here and there with coarse gravel, a few boulckii, aai the stumps of trees which have been washed bare in the bed of the stream by the winter torrents. Where the banks have been swept away by the floods, old and twisted snags, brought dowu from tbe higher land:) years upon years ago, and covered up with sand, project from them in unrelieved <lc~ fortuity. In a few places patches of reeds and willows relieve the eye for a moment, but the general effect of the Torrens is tle pressing in the extreme. Some s^.v.^re and occasional spsciiueuj of defunct dog and cat enliven the atmosphere in vari >.is spots between tho Cj^2;!;iny"d ilill llriJ.'a and Tht'bartou; an.l s:r;?:u rer*, w!un they look upon our " river' aud itsstirrouri lin;. r.> wonder, as well they may, how such a nui eati.e to the eye, it not to tliu other seas-.-.s can be tolerated by.i people who other>vis-.> display decent judgment and respectable taste. When the city w.ia a viiLige, or little more thau a petty borough, the citi- zens could not help themselves. The de- mand for the necessary was 33 extensive and so urgent that ornamentation was unavoidably disregarded. We have p;isseJ that impecunious stage of our corporate existence, and if, as we are officially told, the close of the year will leave the corpo- raiion with a credit balance in hand, our river may fairly claim some practical consideration at the bands of the new council. The wooden dam which was erected near the gaol some thirteen years ago suc- cumbed after a few months' existensa to an October flood some three weeks before the arrival of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh in this colony, and great were the regrets that it did not last until the royal visit had closed, because the splendid sheet of water it dammed back was a great improvement to the appearance of the city. The destruc- tion of the dam was the work of a few minutes only, and months of labor ani several thousand pounds were completely and hopelessly lost. The lesson, though expensive, was not without some value, because it showed that a mountain torrent was not a fit object for the display of amateur or fancy engineering. Since that time the project of erecting a new dam has cropped up in and out of the city council in a spasmodic manner, but although the corporation are most anxious to see such a work undertaken they have not shown much disposition to do tha -cork themselves. The experience of the past inclines us strongly to the opinion that unless the city councillors take tbe work in, hand it is not likely to be carried out for many years if at all. In fact, it is not one of those enterprises which should be handed over to speculators. It is pre-eminently a public work of usefulness as well a3 of ornamentation, and as such should ba in the hands and wider the sole control of those who administer the municipal affairs as trustee for the citizens. The bed of the Torrens and its waterway are as much tha property of the inhabitants as tha park lands are, and there is no substantial reason why they should not remain so. The ground on which the corporate authorities wish to let the undertaking fall into private hands is that they have not got the money to carry it out themselves. This objection is a very weak one. They could borrow the funds necessary to erect a town hall at a time when the city income and the general municipal resources were not much more than half of what they are now, and it cannot be said that the annual outlay for interest has been found to be oppressive to the ratepayers, nor that it has so curtailed the means at command as to prevent the execution of necessary works and improve- ments. It is not certain, however, that it would become necessary to raise a loan to orait a picturesque and durable dam. Ic the busi ness were taken seriously in hand there is reason to think that a work which would be materially beautify the capital of tha province, and to some extent assume a national character, would be treated in a liberal spirit by the Government and the Parliament. If, however, it should happen that no other course was open but that of contracting a loan, the revenue wfcieh would be derived from the letting of water privileges and rights would probably be amply sufficient to cover the interest and pay off the principal sum in a very few years. Before the work could well be put in hand, the drainage scheme would be so far advanced as to obviate all the danger to the public health which would spring from the in flux of foul water into the naw lake. There would be ample provision for aquatic sports along: a sheet of water some two miles long-, and the amusement of ndhinj might be added to the existing attractions of the city. The banks of the river instead of being dangerous eyesores might be converted into delightful promenades, which would enable the inhabitants of Adelaide to shake off the langor which is often inseparable from the hottest periods of the summer season. It is not nacessary to dwell upon this, however, for the great ad- vantages which such a splendid ornamental water traversing our city from east to west presents are sufficiently numerous to 3peak for themselves. We do not hesitate to press upon the electors, while there is yet time, the sound policy of forcing this object upon the immediate attention of those who seek municipal honors at their hands. Good and practicable designs might be obtained at a moderate expenditure, and if proper measures are taken there is nothing to pre- vent the commencement of the undertaking immediately after the winter rains of 1880, and its completion early in the following year. If the citizens spealc out plainly on the question the work will be almost half completed, and the present time is un usually favorable for the serious considera- tion of the project. Wihether the partial improvement ia trade which is now noticud in England is to be permanent or not, it is quite certain that for a long time to coma the home labor market will be overstocked, and an exaiu* of th* surplus population to fields where they can get work and food "will continue to be ne- cessary. The ajfricultural interesta espe- ciallj can only indirectly and remotely be affected by a revival of the co.il ani iron and cotton industries, and the efflux of farmers and farm laborers will continue even although the migratien of skilled workmen should cease with the prospect of better times at home. Within the last few w*3ks not only has there been the faaious emigration of Yorkshire farmers to Texas, and of three companies oi pioneer agriculturists to Canada; three hundred men of the Bradford iron and machine trades have also gone to Philadelphia; over one hundred skilled steel-workers have left Sheffield for New York; a small selected body of miners have gone to New Zealand, and the cry is still they go. Among other signs of the wide spread interest which is taken in the emi- gration movement we notice discussions and proposals for for joia^ emigration so- cieties and for invoking Government aiJ, which have the countenance and support of some of tha wisest and most tried frieals of the people. One of the objects o: Traites Unions is decl;i;vd xo hi t!i.> assistance of members not o:i!v b^ giving pecuniary a:«l t> thj un.woid.tMv unemployed, but al*> by iti^piajj tbeui ia formed of the places where work ij to l> got on tie be^t iiad mn.-t rjamae- Ativa term? This laudable object ha* u.ifjri. t niiteiy too much been lost sight of ia the turc:oil and expense of strikes, and it is satisfactory to observe from tha proceeds of tbe Trades' l r:iioa Congress at Edin- bun.b, and from the recent action of the miners' conferences in England, that it is now beginning to assume the prominenea which it ought to have. A National Emi- gration Society has bei?n originated, whosa object it is to form a mutual assistance fund, and also to arouse interest in ths matter among the general community and with the Government. Mr. Torrens, also the well-known member for Finsbury, has been propounding a plan of assisted emi- gration, the main features of which are that one-third of the expanse shall be borne by the emigrant himself, or by the Emigration Society to -which he belongs; one-third by the colony to which he is going; and one-third by the state. Mr- Carlyle, so long ago as 1843, said—"An education service and an emigration service, these with others will require to be or ganised ;" and now that the Home Govern- ment has so nobly inaugurated state educa- tion work, it might be possible and wise for it to take some steps in the other direction which the philosopher of Chelsea indicated six and thirty years ago. State money judicionsly spent in this way would cer- tainly be saved in other directions, and an attempt to remedy the undoubted evils of English over-population and consequent poverty among the working classes would be a worthy home effort of a Government which boasts of its lynx-like watchfulness over British interests abroad. No doubt the utmost care would require to be exer- cised lest aid so administered should tend to pauperise the recipients of it, and lower their tone of independence and self-respect but a well-considered plan, based on sound economic principles, would be an enoruom relief of the poor-rates, and would season- ably help men, unable to support themselves and families at home, to mike a fre3b. start in a sphere where they shall experience plenty, if not enjoy luxuries, and become feeders of others instead of drains on the national resources. But without discussing at length propo- sitions which are likely to be very fully ventilated as time goes on, it ia sufficient in the meantime to ob3arve that, whether by aid of private societies and subscriptions or by Government subsidies, a great im- petus is likely to be given to emigration from England; and in the competition which is sure to take place for eligible im- migrants it is well that Australia generally, and South Australia in particular, should assert their claims and put forward tlieir inducements. It is to be presumed that emigrants themselves have national sympa- thies and affinities leading them to remain under British rule; and other things being equal, or nearly so, and that aiders of emigrants, whether they be private socie- ties or the Government, would look with special favor on lands where the sama lan- guage is spoken and the same laws and customs prevail. The plethora both of British capital and labar has too much beon diverted into foreign sources. Invd3tor3, in their greed for a problematical extra percentage, have been lending money to foreign nations which prudence a3 well as patriotism might have snj^-eatal as being likely to do mora good both to them and their country if used in approved colonial undertakings; and in the same way the bone and sinew of England — the surplus population of her crowded shores — have gons to swell the resources of rival powers; and this has happened at least to some extant because the proper authorities have not been prompt and persistent enough to discern and utilize the advantages to be reaped by emigration to other parts of the British dominions. It would be better both for England and har colonies if the stream of desirable emigra- tion were to flow more freely in the direc- tion of our own possessions. Among the colonies, the Australias, too, have claiau which are second to none. A country whose whole population falls considerably short of 3,000,000, and whose exports and imports are not far from touching £100,000,000, Naw Holland need not fear comparison with other lands, and may boldly defy the com- petition of most. "In tha eyes of foreigners these colonies are at once the evidence of our power and the surest indication of iti increase," said Porter, many years ago in his " Progress of the Nation;" and the inter vening time has witnessed an advance in material prosperity to which, history affords no parallel. Mr. Brassey, in a recent paper in the Contemporary Re- view, thus writes:—"Other lands nuut be found for the growth and expansion of the Anglo-Saxon race. Tha labors of one generation in the antipodes have shown what the energy and administrative ability of our race can accomplish. Our teeming millions must find their way to the field of promise, whither an illustrious hand of pioneers have gone before. An3tralia, New Zealand, Tasmania, &o;, afford space for the dwellings of millions, and a fruitful soil on which to bestow their labors." For the last year or two it has unfortu- nately happened that the comparatively un- fruitful seasons and the general depression of trade throughout the world have made it difficult for colonial Governments to develop the resources of their lands as is desirable and needful, and that the demand for labor has thus suffered a temporary check. But the check is only temporary, and will very soon give place to wonted activity and advance, and the demand for additions to population will become as clamant as ever. It is a satisfactory indi- cation of the esteem in which South Aus- tralia is regarded to be told, as we were lately on good authority, that a constant stream of immigrants is now being brought to our shores who find the money for their own passages and generally land with a little cash to spare. Of course if a suffi- cient supply can be obtained in that way, there may come a time when there will be no further need of Government immigra- tion funds; and without casting any reflec- tion on the industry and usefulness of those whose passages have hitherto been paid by the Government, it is reasonable to expect that those who have managed to save as much money at home as will bring them- selves and families here, give some gua- rantee of steady and thrifty habits, which are the earnest of future good work both for the colonies and for themselves. So long, however, as Government aid is needed there would be many advantages connected with organised movements such as those which are at presented projected. For one thing it would save expense to the colo- nies if the cost were borne in equal pro- portions by three or even by two parties. For another thing it would tend to regu- late the supply by the demand, and pre- vent an undue rush of people to any par- ticular place or in any immoderate pro- portion, and it would also help to secure that the right kind of people were sent to the right places. One of the greatest subjects of complaint has hitherto been that with all the care of our Agents-General and their subordinates, emigrants have been and are continually being landed who are totally unfit for the kind of climate and of labor to which they are brought. If there wera a general organization in which the friends of emi- grants, the emigrants themselves, the Agents-General of the various colonies, and the Home Government had a voice and interest, it ought to be able so to shape matters that emigration, even on a larger scale than has hitherto prevailed, might become a real blessing to all parties; to those who stay and to those who go; to the country which spares them from its surplus population, and to the land which welcomes them as a needed and valued addition to its material resources. The Full Court will sit this morning at the usual hour. The Commissioner of Crown Lands and the Surveyor-General returned from their northern tour on Monday. The R.M.S. Tanjow left Galle for Ade- laide at 6 p.m. on November 20, and the R.M.S. Siam arrived at Galle from Adelaide at 7 a.m. on the 21st. The artesian well at Port Wakefield is now down about 170 feet. Quicksand has again hindered the workmen, but they have struck a stratum of harder stuff, and hopes are enter- tained of their now being able to make good progress. His Honor the Chief Justice has received a telegram from Perth informing him that Mr. George Walpole Leake, Q.C., was sworn in, on Saturday last, as Acting Chief Justice, of Western Australia, vice Sir A. P. Burt, deceased. Mr. Leake was formerly a member of the South Australian bar, having previously been in the office of Mr. (afterwards Sir R. D.) Hanson, the late Chief Justice of this province. In 1832 he left Adelaide in order to join his mother and family in Western Australia, and has practised his profession there ever since, though of late years he has paid several visits to this colony. For many years he has been Crown Solicitor at Perth, and latterly has occupied the position of Acting Attorney-General. [ The Marine Board will sit this morning to enquire into the grounding of the s.s. James Comrie, on November 10, near the Port light- house. The Glenelg Council sat as a Court of Revision on Monday, November 21. Three objections to persons' names being placed on the burgess roll were refused as being after date, and seventeen new claims were allowed. Mr. Champion, the collector for the Adelaide Hospital, informs us that he has re- ceived one hundred pounds from Mr. John Robb, who will be entitled to rank as a life con- tributor to that institution. The following tenders were received at the Public Works Department on Monday:— For the erection of a bridge over the Wakefield, two, F.George the lower; for office fittings at Snowtown Railway Station, two, Nottie Bros. the lower. The Port Pirie Gazette says that "there are now quite six feet of water available for use in the new reservoir at Nelshaby, and that over- flow from the well continues to run into it. The depth of water mentioned covers an area of more than five acres." Reaping has commenced here, writes our Port Wakefield correspondent, and Mr. Schulz has delivered two loads at the mill. The sample is fair, and the yield is expected to be about 15 bushels. If the weather continues warm reaping will ba general next week. At a meeting of ratepayers of Robe Ward held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, North Adelaide, on Monday evening, November 24, and which was addressed by Messrs. G. Downs and H. K. Fuller, a motion in favor of the former candidate was carried by about 20 votes to 7. " Grasshoppers are," states the Port August Dispatch, " becoming very numerous and destructive on the plains about Orroroo. Considerable numbers of these pests are to be seen on the Pekina and Willowie areas, but the crops are so far advanced that it is hoped very little damage will be done." Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., addressed a meet- ing of the electors of Hindmarsh Ward at the German Clubhouse on Monday evening. Mr. F. R. H. W. Krichauff, M.P., filled the chair. There was a large attendance, and a motion in favor of Mr. Smith as mayor was carried unani- mously. This evening the Congregationalists at Port Adelaide will continue the celebration of their thirtieth anniversary by a tea in their schoolroom, to be followed by a public meeting in the church, when the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A, will deliver his popular lecture on "The Colosseum of Rome and its martyrs." Mr. D. Bower, MJ*., who starts bytha Sooth AnatraHan to-day on. a visit to Sydney, ' haaleftwithMr. Hounstow.of Port Adelaide, money enough to pay to every poor person who receives an allowance from tha itestitota Board within the district* of Port Adelaide, Alberton, an? the Semaphore, the sum of ss. tatiards buj ing his or her Christmas dinner. ** The project for a Cora Exchange for the Areas appears," *?js the fort Pint Gazette, ■* to be ag?nruing a tangible shape, Mesars. S. B. Priestly b Co. having been communicated with on. the eubject of holding a trial sale next month. That firm have not yet definitely re plied, but it is reported that 20,000 bushels will be'forthcoming for the first auction." We have received from Messrs. Clezy and Stockbam, of Redhill, a sample of wheat grown by Mr. David Steele in that neighborhood^ and from which he is bagging over 30 bushels to the acre. From another part of his farm Mr. " Steele is obtaining a still better yield, and of 'Jt our informants say " the balance of the crop will average nearly 30 bushels." A public meeting will be held at Sayers' Hotel, Fort Adelaide, on Friday evening, No- vember 28, to make arrangements for a regatta on New year's Day. There is already £60 in the bank for regatta purposes, and it will no doubt not be difficult to make up the amount required. A gentleman well- known in yachting circles has consented to act as honorary secre- tary to the regatta committee. A painful accident happened to a man named Samuel Sims on Monday morning, No- vember 24. Sims was in the employ of Mr. A. Champion, carder, of Mount Barker, and was engaged in chaffeutting. when by scone misad- veiiture his hand got caught in the machiae '■ and was cut off at the wrist. He was imme- diately attended to, and brought down to the hospital without loss of time. Mr. Thos. Chalwin, who is a candidate for; the representation of Young Ward, ad- dressed a meeting of ratepayers at the General Harelcck Hotel on Monday evening, November 24\. There were about forty ratepayers present. Mr. S. Toms occupied the chair. The candidate, who made a brief speech and answered nume- rous questions, was unanimously considered to be a fit person to represent the ward. The Telowia correspondent of the Port Pirie Gazttte, writing on Wednesday, November 19\. says:—*-The reaper* made a start in some paddocks on Friday last with very good results, averaging from 12 to 20 bushels par acre fine and plump wheat, and every effort was made to go ahead, but Monday afternoon compelled a stop to be made, as rain came on, and yesterday has been more like the seeding than the reaping season. I learn that those who have tried barley have taken off over 20 bushels per acre." As has already been stated in our tele- graphic columns, information reached the poliea at Balakiava on November 21 that a herd of Queensland cattle. nusiberisg over SCO. einp icg at "Whitwiuta were diseased, and that the sympiatns pointed to plenro-pneaosonii. Tij? eLief inspector of sheep has dispatched an icFXector to the spot, giving orders' that all cattle in the mob which are uisMjetl are to be at buee killed; while every step U to be taken to prevent the disease from tprrttdia^. llr. Valentine expects to hear further parsicolars iu ike course of a da; or two. A veteran named George Blockford, whom England expected to do his duty at Tra falgar, has died in Darlinghnni Gaol at the ri|-e old age of 84. The Sydney Daily TeCe/rapH says ot him:—" Things did not appear to have prospered with the old man of late, as he was recently found in an almost starving condition in the bush near Gosford, and was sentenced to a month's imprisonment under the Vagrant Act. He was immediately placed in the infirmary, never to leave it alive. Everything was done for his comfort, but he succumbed to a general break-up." " The first three loads of this season's wheat were brought into Fort Pirie," states the local paper of .November 21. On Monday and Tuesday last Mr. Bichtcr, of Telowie. brought in the first load, his sample going 60 lbs. to the bushel, from a crop averaging IS buitaJs an acre ; Sir. Webster, of the Hundred ct Piiie, brought; a «n*npl<« turning the tester at 02 lbs. a bushel, the average crop being 15 bushels to the acre; and Mr. Peaxee's wheat, from the same hundred, weighed the same from a like avenge crop. All the lots wera well filled grain and capital samples, and were purchased by Messrs. Msgarey & Co., the price given being ss. 4d." The last meeting of thaTJnley Corpora, tion j? at present constituted was bold on Monday, November 21, when His Worship U? Mayer (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) presented his annual report. The report was received with applause, and Councillor Greer moved a vote of thanks to His Worship for the report and fur his £eivices during thepast municipal year,speaking in high terms of piaise of the manner in which he h£d discharged his duties. All the councillors except Councillor Evans, who was absent, also spoke in terms of eulogy of the excellent way iu which the mayor had fulfilled the duties of bis office. HisWcrshipsuitably replied.thaak ice the councillors lor the honor they had done him. A public meeting, convened by the C: aimatj of the Highereombe District, at the request of several ratepayers, was held at the Briueit Hotel, Hope Valley, on Saturday, No- vember 22, to eowddec the necessity for the immediate erection, of a new school at Hope Valley. There were about thirty pertoni pre- sent. In the absence of the Chairman of the District, Councillor Lloyd was voted to the cbair.. It was unanimously resolved that a now school was necf-sHary at this place, and Messrs. B. D. Ross, M.P., H. Pitman, Lloyd, Hill, Ind, l.ebn, Short, J. O. Coalls, Kbppcr, Kolwes, 0. 3HeWinaiui, HeJtmann. and Hoppata were ap- pointed a deputation to wait on the Minister of Education. It was resolved also to request Messrs. W. Hainea. M.P, and X. Ward, aLP.. 'tfcetw? members for the district, to introduce the deputation to the Minister. The detectives have (says the at last succeeded in tracing, and discovering the notoriousDr.BonDenn, whoin July hataaeceadei in obtaining a large amount ot jewellery front various jewellers in Melbourne- by means of valueless cheque*. It now tarns oat thae he U the teoia^Thomas Craed, who was arrested last wUh, and sentenced to firo years' imprison tnant at tha present sittings of the Central -Crkmnal Sessions. Creed h«a been fully iden tified ta the persoa who leprewnted that ho -waaXkr.Bon?enn.and he will be brought before -tb«-Oity Oottrt on ? charge oE obtaining goods •ky fabe pretences. It is believed that he suo otoded in eluding the police by the use of hair dj* The following: Is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Datwin UdegtafihUne:—BelUn?.S.W.,ligbt,clear,fine > warm;farina, aX, light; clear, fine, warm; Straagwavs Springs, "W.? fresh, oiear, fine, ptea aan}; Peake, SJ3.W., stron*. dear, fine; Oh«r lotte "Waters, &£., strong, c!ear, fine, heavy thunderstorm iu night; Alice- Spring*, SJi, tight, eTear, fine, warm; Barrow Greek, SJ&, light, clear fine, warm; Tennant Creek,N.W., moderate, clear fins, warm; Po*e!lCreek,N.\W, tigfe* olesii fine; Daly Waters, N.W., light, -CMUi fine; River Katharine, N.W., light,dear, fine; Pine Greek,ealm,dear.fine; Yam Creak, N.W., light, dear, fine, warm ; Southport, calm, <ol«ar, fine, hot; Pott Darwin, ealm^ cloudy, fine. 1 At th? meeting- of the City Council on Btoaday it was resolved that permission ihonld be given to the Bank of Adelaide to erect a bafaonatto at their new premises without the payment of an animal fee of £1 Is. for the privilege. The minute of the works committee which had been pawed, affirming tbs principle that persons erecting balconies and bafoonattes •hould pay for the privilege, was struok out, , seven members voting in favor of Councillor Claxtoais motion and five against it. During the discussion on this subject Councillor j Baphael beaaae so unruly that HU Worship had 16 appeal to the members of the council twiee to support him in the chair, whtah he threataifld to vacate if order was not main tained. The Cotogw Gazette states that by the ' helpof the telephone,6Ss localities have receatlv s teen bniagh* into eoaneetioa with the telegraph of" Germany. Ihe Siemens telephone ia the paxtieubr form adopted, and it is found that tmdi&tioeft; to which despatches can safely be sent by itmhdp ?75 kilometres.* Tha Icn penal Telegraph Office u, it is added, encourag ing experiments with a. row to perfect the. tale pbonlo-apparatus, and hopes by its means sooner or later to be able to send messages to a dktanmof from KO to 500 miles. The Impe rial telegraphs are allowed to be made U3a of by {■opnv- aeflKditett ezpenmenters, and the Im perial Department has promised peoaniary re wards to raeh penona as shall succeed in ex toad ing the> efficiency of the telephone. A fecent number of the Times of Imiia states thai "an extensive bviness transaction baa bfen concluded between the Indian Bleetrie £ighti Oonpany and the Riog ot *Burmah.* Attracted bj the exporimeote which ban been made'in this country with the eleatrie light Sine-Xhesbaw sen* an agent over to Cal cutta to (.urebaas the largest nortloa of the cempug'a machines and plant in Calcutta and Bombay, inchufina; the apparatus that was lately employed in illuminating tha Hooghly Bridge. The Barmesa agent paid down SOtOQOrs. in hard cash, and wb are informed that the entire cost of the lights— forty of Jablokboff's and eight of the Regulator system—and fixing them in the Boyal PaJace. anil gardens at Man dalar will Ww> lea* than 1,000,000r5. Evidently ihe treasury of his majesty is in a healthy ooa diKon." An extraordinary adventure beiel a boy oa the Lancashire aud Yorkshire Railway re cently: He placed trnaat from school oa the precedutgday.aml it is surmised dared not go home at night. Ha managed to get into the atatio?-yard at Ohorley, with th i intention of rawing the ntsdit in one of the passenger car riages, bat -be failed to gaia access through the door* being locked. He then seems to have crept under the guard's van, and pulled himielf on the couple of (hot iron rod* betweaathe axle of the wheels and the earria-. ooor.and between which is the brake apparatoj. la this uncom fortable' position ha went "to sleep, and ai 5 o'clock- b the morning the train started for Wigan: The bd was-aatually taken to Wigan, and agate taken to Ohorley, clutching tha rois. Anotker proof that the country ia hi favor of a. feee, secular, and compulsory system of edncatiom was given last night (ssysthetyiw DaUy TtUftaph of November 18), when Mr. F. B. Suttor. member for Ballarat. addressed his eon-' stituentaca tbe subject. When Mr. Suttor was dectedbe was opposed to such a. system, but his views have since undergone alteration, and the object at tMs meeting was to place his resig nation is the hands of tbe elector* if he found they ware no* in aeeord with him. His speech waa pbu aad straightforwaTd. and at its con chwinn. an opportunity was afforded Mr. Xu F. Heydoo. solicitor, to make a speech, and move an anwsjlanenfcin condenination of Mr. Sattor'a conduct. When the vote was taken it waa fonad that atr.Sattor had ? largo majority in favor of his amended views. Mr. J. :. H. ITenuug'B wheat crop, in the Hundred ot Krie, bad ?. narrow escape from destmetioD by fin on Sunday, November 18. Ih* Artoa. Expros states that "during the operation of cooking it became necessary to con vey firs £ram tha boose proper to tha smoke hoose.and in doing saaaenaberfeU into the dry grasa, causing it to iaunediataly igaito and spread w&h; great rapidity. The aid of neighbors waa toughs, and by gnat exortkn the fire was eonfiwed to a strip along Mr. Fleming's own property, and so saving the crop of about 300 awes. It is fortunate ■wirtanoe was to hand sa quickly, as very few oC the paddocks being ploughed round there, ia no telling where the fire would have ended. Am it was 40 acres of fine feed was destroyed." The rainfall between 0 a.m on Satur day and tha same hour on Monday is registered as follows:— Adelaide „. OOSO Mbarluoss ... 0033 Southport ... 1200 Yorketown ... aOSO Tarn Creek ... (H<6o Stanaburr .-. 0039 Pine Creek ... 0300 Edithburgh ... 0070 Beltana ... 0090 Blsnchctown... 0020 TOTumma ... 0010 Bivactaa ... 0010 Port 'Augusta 0-050 Gawler ... 0060 Koorioga. ... 01)20 Mount Torrens 0090 Minlaton ... frOM Mt. Barker .^ o*o7o Strathalayn ... «K>3O NormaaviUo ... 0-040 Port lineoln... (H)I0 Cape?orda ... 0030 Kiagwote ... 0080 PortESliot ... 0-080 Ctoolwa ... O-OSO Heuingie ... 0039 Kingston ... 0190 Robe 0210 Hamceortc „. O-2GO Pencla 0230 Milliamt ... (r290 Mount Gambier 0/300 The claims of the employes of tha Vic torian railway department to be placed upon a footing to other civil servants with lespeti to supsraanoatio? and holidays, aud also to bate a board appointed to investigate all charges brought against them,, were (says the Mblboorse dga.ii November 80) brought under the notice of the Minister yesterday by •averal members of the Legislative Assembly and the secretary of the Employe's Association. Mr. Woods, in replying to the requests of the deputation, said he felt a great interest in the welfare ot the men in the department, aud to further their interests he waa preparing a Bill to be submitted to Parliament separating that branch of the civil service from all other .division*, providing for tha granting of suob. liolidajs as were consistent wits the proper and efficient workiag of the railways, for the establishment of a superannuation fund, and for the appointment of the board as requested. The Monmv Mercury reports both, a gallant rescue aad a sensible act as fallows:— At Buckley's Crossing Mounted-trooper Goldbie entered the Scowy Hirer on horseback to bathe and wash the police horses, when he was swept off his own horse. As he was disappearing he cried to Constable Banks, who was by the side of the river, to save him. Banks, a strapping yousg native, dived in to rescue his companion, who did not reappear on the surface of the water till he had gone fully 100 yards lower down. Here Constable Goldbie just showed up and again disappeared. He was followed by Banks. Mr. A. Blomfield, J.P., also plunged in to save the life. However, Banks succeeded after ■Bother dive in recovering the inanimate body of his companion, and with Mr. Blomfield'a assistance Goldbie was brought to dry land. After a considerable time spent ia endeavoring to resuscitate the body, the effort) of Ooldbio'a gallant rescuers were crowned with success. Goldbie, wfaen he was rescued, was quite black mth«faee. Aa showing what high renta will do is the way of destroying the prosperity of a place, we take the following from a recent number of tha /Bedfordshire Mtrewry -.—" The village of Kvcrto? tw« We yean ago was one of the happiest and most prosperous in the county. The farms, dgbt in number,-were let to respectable well-to do tenants, most of whom were born upon the soil they cultivated, and whose ancestors were natives cf the village. But since then there has been a total change both in landlords aud tenants. Some years ago, when the huid-huager waa at its height, tha estate, comprising 1,700 scree, was sold; all the old tenants were evicted; the land was let to strangers at an advanced rental, and an entirely new system of manage ment was inaugurated by the gautleman who took the management of the estate. The farms were not long occupied. Tha advanced rent, like the last straw, made itself felt, and tenant after tenant found themselves obliged to gira up their holdings. They were succeeded in some cases by other tenants, who, like their prede eessors, eventually succumbed, until at last the village baa become almost deserted by farmers." "'With reference to the storm at Beltana last week," says the Port Augusta Dispatch ot November 21, " we an informed that although the gale generally was a most terrific one, toe damage to buildings. &x;, was done by a sort of whirlwind or ejetone, which was fortunately very limited in its area of action, or otherwise not a house in the place would hare escaped. As an example of the force of the cyclone it may be stated that the roof of Mr. Wyley's house, which contained about a ton and a half of iron, was carried bodily away, and some of the iron sheets torn into pieces and twisted up into extraordinary shapes, were carried at least a mile away from the site, while the walls were ripped up to the depth of 13 inches where the. T bolts were built in to secure the roof. Doors were torn from their hinges and broken up, and the windows smashed to pieces. Mr. Hanfte'siron warehouse was utterly demolished, and immense gum trees were torn up by the xooU. Messr*. Wylyand Hantke** stores were fortunately both outside of the coursa of the cyclone, and escaped with a comparatively small amount of damage." The contract for tho construction of tha second section of tha main Adelaide draiaage sewer was signed on Monday, November ii, by Messrs. Walker, Swann, & Styles, tha con tractors who are at present constructing the Port Adelaide Dock. The contract is a schedule one, and thus the total cost of tha work cju tmcted for cannot be distinctly stated. The approximate lump sum, however, is £31,43 1 Oi. Bd. The total leagth of the drain contracted for is 16JSS0 feet, eoasistinf of 8.900 feet of sewer and 3,250 feet of covered channel. The first section of this contract extends from tha jucctiou of tho "West-terrace branch with the main drain sewer near the Adelaide Gaol to the south side of tbe railway bridge over the Torrens, and measures 1,700 feet. Tho second put commences on the north side of the bridge, aad ends at a point near the proposed sewage farm at Tarn o'dhanter Belt. It eonsi&ta; of 5,150 feet of sewer and $250 feet of covered channel. The drain fol lows the Northern Kailway line on the north eastern side pretty closelv as far as the North Adelaide station level crossing. There it passes under the railway line to the other side, and tba sewer extends as far as tho Torre aa-road, the railway line still being closely followed. At the ToTrens-road the channel commences and passing through Islington terminates near the proposed sewsge farm. Messrs. Wadding ton & Wright, the contractors for the construc tion of the first section of the sewer from near tte large powder magazine in tho police pad. deck to tha commencement of the second eon, tract, are poshing their work rapidly forward. They have built some portion of tho sewer an<l have a, large number of men continuing the ex cavations. There is on view at Mr. Williama's a new picture from tbe farosb of tb? now famous colonial artist, Mr H. J. Johnstone, which will well repay a viaii. It wiil form one of tbe prizes in Mr. TVireli's Art Uoioa,?nU the person who wins it will have a work of art which most increase in value from year to year. Too sub ject is a local one, sad is wiled " Gamtren near MagiH."' Of coor-je there is ? ciejk;ao picture of Jotmstone'* would be eompl«u> without a pebbly Bhallow or still sedgy pcol in tbe fore ground. In the centre of tho picture a plank with a rustic railicg ia thrown, acroaa the creak, and a child itanda in the centre guiug down into tho clear cool water. It ia a calm bright early summer day, tha bluo of tba aky that •hows over the tail tree tops U no: unbroken, for a few white clouds are sailing lazily across its expaiwe close behind the child, and ia striking contract to it* tiny figure rises the mas sive boto of a gigantic redgum with its weird markings; to the right are heavy masses ot foliage, and in the centre distance is an. irregular natural avenue having the Black Hill as a back ground and lined with ranks of fine trees. The perspective is perfection, and the treatment of the whole subject exhibits the artist's recently atcquired bajdness; bat to be critical, tha sky is ? trifle bard and represents more accurately the deeper blue of the northern latitudes* in which the artist has lately live.l than tho neutral grey blue of Australian skies, but this will probably tone down is a few years. It may savor of the hypercritical to advert to it. oat a man who stands without question at the head of hi* profession as an Australian artul csn afford to receive a little friendly criticism. Those who lore nature as we know her ia Aus tralia should not miss the opportunity of seeing tnfc beautiful representation of one of her most charming phases. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. T. Hack (Mayor of Fort Adelaide). Christie. Croiksbsnlts, and Aihton, waited, on too Treasurer (the Hon. O. Btann) oa Holi day, November 24, to bang under his name certain di- advantages under which tbe Pert Adelaide Steam Ferry Company labored. The deputation was introduced by Mr. D. Bower, ILP. Mr. Christie, the chairman of the company, said tha reason of their being there tlat day was that some diffarenoe of opinion existed regarding the company's right to the ferry steps. About two Tears ago a company was formed wits a view of establishing ferry eomaianica tion between Birkenhesd and tho Port. This was • want that had been forcing itself upon the community for several years past. They tried to meet tae Government, the Port Corpo ration, and tbe district council*, with a view to establishing the ferry. These bodies said tba company had no right to place a ferry there. Tbe company was then formed, and went to the Government and a&ked; for certain rights. At that time there was a prohibitory rate, M t e boatmen charged &1\. per bead to take people across, wbilat a difficulty was often experienced in getting across at all. Tne Government Jjtd built eteps and had given the Ferry OjnipauT a prior right to use these step* for five years on pavment of •& annual licence. Oa this under standing the company had gone to great ex pense in establtehing the ferry. Watermen made use of the company1* steps whenevar the fenyboat was atatnt, and thus entered into undue competition with the company, lie ba 1 waited on the President of the Marine Board, but that gentleman considered he bad uo power to grant the company the exclusive right t> use thocesteps. They now asked thoGovernmantif ths right could not be conceded t? them to at least make other people using tbc steps pay the same annual licence as they paid. Mr. Theodore llnck testified to the enterprise and pablie utility ot the company, and thought that if it couM b* done without damaging the .interests of other people tbe Government should grant the com pany the power they now sought. It was very necessary that there should be a continuous ferry service at a cheap rate, instead of the fanner spasmodic and expensive boat service. Councillor Bann and Mr. Ooikshanks sup ported the remarks of the previous speakers. The Treasurer in reply said he recognised the force of the arguments used. Then was no doubt that the ferry must have been a very great boon to the inhabitants of both sides of the river, and his sympathies) were entirely with the company. It most not be forgotten, how ever, that there were other interests to ba con served, and in any action that he took he must be careful not to be unjust to other p?ople. So far as his r*collf ction served him there had been • very great doubt at the time referred to as to whether the Government had any power to grant the licence. He was afraid that there was a still greater doubt as to whether the Government had any right to exclude the public from the steps. However, he would refer the matter to tbe law officers of the crown and to the Marine Board. If he could protect the ccsapsnY in a legal and proper manner from what lie considered undue competition he would do so. A tea meeting and promenade concert in connection with tbe Church ef England Suntlay f ehoel Union are to be given in the Town Hall tfra evening. The Lynch Family of Bellringer3 drew a crowded house at Hindmarsh last evening, and the audience were greatly pleased with the excellent entertainment. To-night the company visit Clarendon. A bazaar in connection with tha North Adelaide Primitive Methodist Chorch is to be commenced in tbe Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, to-day, and will be continued to morrow. The object of the bazaar is to raise fucda to reduce the debt an tbe church property, and it will be opened by the Chief Justice at 'S o'clock this afternoon. A tea and entertainment in connection with the Loyal Kulli Secundus Lodge, No. S), I.o.oJ\,took place at the Town Hailttxcbasga ' room on Monday, November 2t. The tea was | well attended, and the entertainment, which took place in the evening, was also well patro ' niaed. Tha programme was a very pleasing one, and consisted df recitations, so?gs, and solos, which were well tendered. Mr. A. Beet3on acted aa pianist and accompanist. There was a capital attendance at the Theatre .Royal oa Monday evening, whea "New Men and Old Acres" iras repeatetl. The audience were vociferous in their applause, and the old abbey rnio scene as well as other equally cleverly-designed aeenes were thoroughly appreciated. The acting throughout was ex cellent, and commanded tha attention aad interest of all present. The same piece will bs presented this evening. Tonight Mr. T/Axcj Reed, who ia well known in piofessianal circles in Adelaide, and recently brought the ghost illusion to this colony, will take a benefit at White's Booms. The performance will consist of the farce "Young Precocious," in which Mr. Reed's daughter, a very youthful but clever little lady, will appear; Dibdin's pretty operetta "Ths 'Waterman." and a variety of songs, dances, and other entertainments, in which various lady and gentlemen amateurs will take part. Mr. Wilting, the well-known cornet soloist, has also given his valuable services. The per formance will be under the patronage of tha brethren of the mystic tie, and ai Me. Reed lately has, besides suffering from a protracted illness, met with heavy pecuniary losses, we hope to see a crowded house. A successful entertainment waa given in the Glene'g Institute on Monday, November 24, by the Adelaide Amascur Minstrel.*. Tna pro gramme consisted of the usnal nngro comicali ties and ballads. Ia the drawing-room enter tainment Mr. Ernest T.indan, the male soprano of the company, wa> eccored for his rendition of the ballad " Send for Mother;" and Mr. Cham berlain, who filled the part of Bones, bad to respond to an encore for hU clever rendering of the comic song "Little Brown Jug,** which vsa? followed by the farce''St. Patrick's Pay VaraJe." The performers in this had also to respond to a recall. The remainder of the programme wai carried out to the entire satisfaction of the audience, who frequently encored the- par formtrs. The hall was about two thirds full. An inteiestirg entertainment was given in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Mon lay evening, November 24, ia aid of tha Sunday school in connection with the Presbyterian Church at the Port. There was a good attend ance, the front seats especially being well filled. Mr. T. Hack, J.P. (mayor of Pors Adelaide), presided. The principal part of the proceedings consisted of a series of recitations by Mr. J. H. Sinclair, who displayed a most retentive memory in his recitals. His delivery was very good, especially in pathetic *nd sentimental pieces, such as "Little Jim"and "The Death of JJttle Kell.** Interspersed with tha recita tions were some songs and duets, *0., amongst which might bd specially mentioned a duet by the Aliases Lawrence and OoMsmith, entitled 14 Messengers from Fairy Land," and the welt known solo. tt The Death of Nelson." by Mr. H. W. Thcmpsoo. The latter was particularly good, and was heartily applanded. The others who took part iu the entertainment were Messrs. Malpas. Ennson. and Seith. Mr. J. W. Chaonon presided at tbc piano. There wrs bat a thin house at toe Academy of Music on Monday night, November 24, when the churning domestic drama "* Dora" was produced for the first time in Adelaide. That such was the case was unworthy of the occasion for the p!?5, founded on Tennvsoa's well-knosen poem of the same name, u an effective one, and the acting was as a whole excellent. It may in fact be emphatically said that Mr. TbeoJore Hamilton's impersonation of Allen, tha obsti nate farmer, was a piece of character acting Mich a* has beea very seldom surpassed oa the s'.ag.? in Adelaide. H« looked the rugged farmer to the life, and alike in the earlier scenes, where be gives full play to his evil passions, and in the latter, when overcome at last by the loving tenderness and self-denial of tha true hearted Dora, he takes his dead son'* wife- and child to bi? breast, his acting was intensely realistic. Mr*. Bat:s ably sup ported bun as the uuaelSah Dora, and MUs Clara Goldsbygave a very p!e*HDg rendering of the part of the pretty servant miid M.try Morrison. Mr. Hall played creditably as Philip Alien, and Mr. Vivyao, despite the drawbacks of a first cighf* performance, was efficient aa Dora's young farmer lover. If the audience was not large it was enthusiastic. The applause throughout was hearty, and Mrs. Bites received an encore for her song ** Generieve," and in con junction with Mr. Hamilton was recalled at the conclusion of the drains, when she received several handsome floral offering*- Tbe scene representing the harvevt field was a rem*rk*My pretty one. "Dora" will be repeated this eveoiug. The last meeting of tha spring ssaaDn of tbe Adelaide Archery Club waa hald oa Saturday, November 3d. Notwithstanding cevtral counter - attraction*, there was a fair attendance of archers, members, aud visitors. The following prises ware ootn peted for:—Ladies' highest score was won by MUs Aaraman with 110. less white ring 134 ; sfcond.Hiss £. Price 153. lea? ivbit* and black ricga 125; turn), Sliss H. Kingston 133, less white ring 124. The l&dia;*' greatest number of hits was wen by &lia;* H- Kingston with 33. le? while ring 2t>; MLs Acraman made 39 hit*, less white riog 30 ; but in accordance with too rules of the club was not allowed to take two prizes; thifd. Miss E. Price, less black and whito riog.i 19\. The silver tassel for golds was won by SliM Acraman with 4; second Miss B. Price, and Miss Mary Hall with 3. The gent!emen'a challenge prize was won, by Miss Acramau 145; second, MUs £. Price, leu black and whito rings 125\. The gentleman's highest scare was wou by Mr. M. Hawker with 127. lesa white ring 117; second, Mr. J. Horn 63. Ma Wright's pruts for the best score in th? last flight of arrows was won by Must Bejme!], with red and blue. Miss Horn's priw for the best acoro of ttuue members who have never wou a elub prize. <u won by Mits F. Price. Tha following are this scores for the champion prise : —First, Mia* K. Price 153 ; tecoad, iliss Acraman 115; third, Mi&< O. Kingston 144 ; fourth, MUa 11. Kingston 13J; fifth, Mr. M. Hawker 127. 