Correspondence. TELEGRAPH F. BURRUM. \- To the Editor of the Chronicle.) Sir;— I, read your leader in last Tuesday's ] issue on the subjcct of our Burrnm coal-field j and railway with pleasure. It is time that the prejudiced and jealous views held up by tbe Brisbane Sail;/ Tclegrtiplunein analyzed and exposed. The wire pullers of that centralizing journal are in evident fear that as tbe colony begins to 'settle down,'. Brisbane will not be ablo to grasp or gag every industry the land is ltT,;nfT intn Pvistannp. It is mnst COU tetoptible ior this metropolitan village to so per sistently endeavor, ns she /does, to damage tbe fair prospects of this district; the invariable strain, whenever the ghost of an opportunity presents itself, is 'keep Maryborough down.' It is time a better feeling was cultivated between Brisbane and Maryborough. It is lime that the true worth of this richly endowed, and des tined to be highly prosperous district, was acknowledged and not maligned, for, notwith- 1 standing ihe continuous petty and. pitiable jealousy that is exhibited by this daily trumpet, it is only a question of time when oar natural endowments and advantages will be felt and accredited; that 'time.' however, the Tele flmw/^evidentlyfears, and is determined. atleast, not to hasten. The point sticking in tbe editorial gizzard of that modest (7) exponent of public opinion at present is, that Maryborough possesses a coalfield, the like of which Brisbane cbnndror hope to sccure— ' itjmakes the galled la-le wince.11 „ ? The'-premier coal-field of tbe colony requires a*ailway to the deep water of tbe Mary ; it is able to 'deliver coal, nd libitum-, at a cost to the producer of fisTpfer ton. TBut that highly vir tuous Telegraph snys, No 1 Why f Docs this all important metropolitan give any substan tial reason for its powerful negative ? Cer tainly not ; it does not work on such vulgar j rinciplc, but it insinuates many things, eohf 1 captions of a brain addlod'witb envy and 'nil uncharitableness.' At one time, the Burrum iR not a proved fivld. The answer to this is, bosh 1 more large and clean seams of .coal are ♦now open t-o view on the Burrum and ready to supply a railway than ns yet. or ever will, be seen within 100 miles of the Tdcyraph office. The Burrnm will, ' ri^lwithstandiug I he Trie grnplt'st objections, deliver coal, by railway, nt. ?Maryborough cheaper, and very much butler, than Brisbane can hope to b' bl«'s«.»d .with, wilier by rail oi'.wak1!'. The Tdr:jvn^h kimwN Ibis hh well as we do, and ' winces,'1 f^-r tbe 'gall' is there. This noble pnp^r was highly indignant when'ib thought Maryborough men j were about .to i'cceiv^ a land grant to construct. 1 the 'Burrum railway ; out came then all its mimic thunder and lightning, and iliiln't it, kick up a dust'. Now that a public railway to the ' gall' is projected, and about to be de manded from the State, out comi-sthe motherly old jade agaiu. In cJTcct bhesays : — How dare you ask foj* finch a thing : why don't you put yonr shoulders to the wheel and do it your selves 7 It can't be any good, or you would do so. You're always a bothering the poor Go« vcrnracnt for money ;? 1 believe you are a set of loafers, and wish -to impose a swindle on Brisbane's Treasury. My correspondent a\ Maryborough, who is^a thorough soogec geolo gist, says that in two or Ihrce centuries, at most, the coal you have ready lo send away, will be about done. You ought to buy your selves diamond boring drills, and secure oonl for Ihe next million years: and make your own railway. The old lady .should add : — Can't you see the colony lias quite enough to do to k«'ep poor, dear, Brisbane on ber legs : even uow she requires no less than five railways to her various watering places, for the use of her overworked civil servants. Besides you are close to ns. and must bo h«Jd in cheek; we cau't afford to hnve our eoal-cum-1ireelay trade interfered with. As for myself, aud the com pany that, 'runs' with me, we rnu^t slick to Brisbane through thick and thin, and make hay while the sun shines — pven if all the rest of Queensland goes to b ? . Now. Mr. E litor, who wouldn't drink to the free and enlightened press, joiu in the cry o£ advance Queeuslaud, and. to please the patriotic and far-seeing Telegraph, denounce the Burr.nn and its railway ns Ihe most rascally swindle ever attempted to be floated on the sympathies of a too conliding and gullible public. I am, Sir, Yours, truly. Coals. 