ONLY the other day we read in Mr Berry’s own paper a very strongly-worded attack on the journals which have charged the Ministers with using violent and dangerous language, and it was, broadly‘asserted that the were models of mpderation-and , .good feelihgl The defence was a rather, bold 6nej considering the words : which have been tlsed by nearly alTthe' 'Ministers a dan gerous one alap, because othef' Ministers were about, to. speak, and. refutation might ■ follow close, upon the heels, of assertion. Tips as, precisely what has ;happened, for Mr Woods is reported to! have uttered. words at' Stawell quite strong enough to engendef fenewed dis trust, and to have hinted at proceedings which; if attempted,* will assuredly cause a monetary panic. It appears that MrWoods, who .has. not one word of pity, 1 but only words of insult,’ for those , who suißfered : by . thej Wdkedness of Black Wednesday, has discovered afarmer who was sold up by a .bank from which he had bor rowed money,. and this has .roused His indignar, tion. ! Indeedj go wicked 1 is; the,proceeding in his eyes, that he came to the conclusion thak “the • time has .arrived to review the. basis upon -which .-’ monetary institutions of the' colony are Established,. so ■ that men who had spent ,years, of their Jives and all their means onthe land could not be turned off withput a crust pf bread to eat.” It is, cer tainly, astonislungdiow sentimental Mr Woods' become? over, .this one farmer, whose case is, it seems, a , hard one, and we cannot.but bflieve that^the..Minister really did; not ; understand the meaning of what he was saying.! If his wordshaye any meaning he proposes, in some securities, or, at all ‘eventsj-landed ' securities, being realised upon; in other words, pro poses to repudiate all r the~debts due by land , owners to monetary ''institutions.-.'- if,he does not 1 mean this, 1 he simply meana nothihg at all, and we shall, probably, be told' that the latter view is- the right'one; • Still,‘as far ; as the words themselves theif''‘.plain'; meaning.is, that landed’property<whengiven'as security to. matitutibh,” iiffer, when given to' a : private • fo rl example, shall not be sold, lest some toiling farmer should lose years of labor. Why there should : be so 'much pity, for the farmer, and ‘why ho should be allowed' to money he borrows, and the security ,tOo;r-iwe fj quite if ail JM''Understand, .since, miners, tradesmen, and others lose ’ttfeir money also, and often see. the accumulation of years’ swept ’awa y in a day. It does hot ap pear to have occurred to Mr Woods that if the security cannot be realised upon it is no security at all, and that “ monetary institu tionajpwilrSebSe to lend evMpftoSffiodeli f result will baxthaV th^ go on and the money|will bie£ Looking oi| Mr Wood? remarks, we must say Slat they* appear to us to-be'amply sufficient to cause a re'th&t;'heTnean3rwhat ffie says, and that he and his colleagues have the.-powerto give -force- to -their- intentions. Suchiraahnessj iasjtlmt.displayed at Stawell on -this-aingle- pointj-is a- conclusive- answer, to those who assert that it is the Opposition; wHicHl invents dangers/f not Ministers who threaten them, for a wilder and mCte dangerous threat could not be found outside of ; ...the wildeatjparipd National Assem bly, when the notable device of assignaisvtw promulgated. 'Not is this threat all -Mr' Wood's'hot only desires ’to' deprive “monetary ihstitutioDß : f Ol pf : . ; their securities, but he has a desire to burst up the big estates; and OheE £buldh -n6t‘lAee[Hwhy Half a million of people should not‘~be" settled down' between Colao and Gasterra 'that the bursting-- up business must soon be begun. Mr Wotjds indulged in some other aspirations of a rather, startling character, but the two which we have/ ,-calied,attention to seem to be quite sufficient ! to hikwer~tlle ■‘winnings about’Wicked things, being impptedjtp most moderate men, ’.Solely to damage'tbe credit of the colony and| make- Ministers ridiculous. No doubt in about-a opposition-journal ventures to hint that a Minister proposed to deprive" the . “ mohetaiy ihkiStUtioris ”' of the power .sol; realising on, landed’, property, it will be told that it is wickedly traducing the Mends 'of .the. peoplej'and ’doingdamagerto the'colony.. 'Yetf in a single speech there are sufficient threats, of attacks on property to create a considerable alarm, and that alarm is not occasioned, only becauaerhobody believes that the insanh things said will ever be attempted. Still, such threats' must have their influence. They tend to make greater any doubts of investors, and to; cause this colony to be regarded as at least not the jnost de^rablejplac-ejin^Wjhich to make invest’ mentsP It is all'very well to'talk .about moderation and the real meaning of r ,the : Ministers, to-"bewail the things “said against them, but nothing half so bad is Said; about ithepuas they.-are ready;-.to-, say„ themselves. Even the mere threat in which Mr Woods in-. dulgod:oii : 'Wednesday is;ai direct damage to the very persons whom he pretends to pity, for it will make the security of landed pro perty somewhat less valuable than before, and so at once injure the farmer, who cannof'get ]pn mthdut’mqnetary assist|nce.> £K .the' State" is going to take care of all the unsuccessful farmers, and secure to them the property .on. which" theyhave 'borrowed money; it may as t thej,jmnerptjie;'tradesman,.and the ; manMactnrer,jwhp will be afl. ready, no doubt, to repudiate the " monetary institutions" r when once, they, have pot the money’ they "want'out of them. After'' Mr j utter ances, there ought* to be no more cant l about' the wickedness of- saying that Ministers are ‘ doing damage. 'r, : - ’ There is how a goo'll opportunity'lforb.that prime favorite of “ the people’s” Government, the “ working-man,” to resort to his exuberant patron the Major, and ask for some of the two -millionodd, sterling which have Been saved by the Berry "Government for this com munity in happy Victoria. Mr H. E. Caselli has, at the instance of-the projectors of the' City Free Library and Keading-room, prepared •3 designjfgr; the erection Tofxa pile pf buildings 1 at the corner of Sturt and Gamp streets, .for, the purposes- of- a library and reading-room; and also for class-rooms and, some other uses;’"'-Most,' 7 if 1 hot- alii the men con nected with the library are out-and-out I supporters of the Government, whichrhas saved the two million odd sovereigns, and as the magnificent'stroke of finance has been effected for..the,yye^ Y purppse ,of, doing ,-gpod to the “ working-man,” and as it is “ working-men ” ‘ who for .- thoiimost part have taken the Fees business in hand, they may surely' go 1 'with; 'a' good grace 5 ' and ask for a goodhandfiil of the saved sovereigns for the projected library buildings. The-supporters bf-the wonderful Government of . economy are not.at all backward in going bijletsj ahd* to go forward for some of the two million odd pounds saved by the patriotic sagacity of the Government, so that a; grand pubhc educational benefit may be secured, would be a far more respectable proceed-, ing than that of "billet-hunting for personal profit pnly. -There,, are...many. u reasons ;; the “ liberals’’;, of y ßallarat ( snoijld take this busi ness seriously to heart, jit present the acco modation provided for the Beading-room and Library is miserably insufficient, and, extef mally; ••ia-' frightfully 7" u'glyr -Tn fact, the •building was built , under an “oligarchical” .'Government, and is' riot at all suited to the purpose to which it is now put. It was, in truth, never suited to any purpose and we have seen it put to a good many uses the sooner it is put out of''the""way the better. Then, the adjoining-shanties are not 'ornamental, x and especially 1 on - due of the very finest -sites -inwall this city, though sve-) may,- ,Buffer f - q .pang -in seeing the oldHstdrmarmessi’obm and local court-house disappearP Ghosts of the dead and .tedder.memories'; of ;the. absent who once did duty there as tribunes, legislators, -adminis trators of .-what they legislated, may haunt .the.old place,. .Echoes,, too,,of.the old, revelries, ‘of the' bafttp iheks jsiay’ be heard thefe by those, whb r 'have ears'M;o hear; ; unless, indeed, the' pro,sffic.registfar, of .births...and deaths or the" Christian youngjnen have exorcised all the .ghosts,,and, Chased put all- ; the-echoes...and memories' ’of the historic -past. But we submit that historic reminiscences, ghosts, echoes,. young ioefi;"Ml must be given .up without making any bones -about- it, if ,we can but get; rid, pf.aU-that,now encumbers the’ site and can get Mr Caselli’s picturesque design for a Free Library realised in - -’their 'place, ; As /we have said, the sitax is t a i'magnihcent one; -and rda.j wprthy .Mr T .or, even a.. ,better . design. So is. concernedj. however, we-are quite satisfied .withhis, and we counsel the “ working-man ,i . to rouse himself, to the struggle for soma of the two million odd sterling sovereigns which hisservants of the Berry : ; Cabihetj Baye for-, him. The. Mpjpr and his coheagues were never ? tired of coffipliffiehting’ 7he' “ worMng-men” on the succeasbf the.lith May, and of declaring that" aE the-colony recognised >Ballarat as thef very" • andrenfely the,‘‘ work-1 ing- men” in the very home, (fee,, ought hot to bp aahamed to ask.fpr; some of the two mil lions, <feo;‘p in order/thatiaffiandsbihe,' pictuc-f; be; erected on a’splendid ; site; and for- »■ purpose 7 that will commend itself .to all good ‘ citizenl 1 of : all : shades of politics.; If the"Beform Leagues have finished the: squatter; provided for Mr Berry’s due triumph, settffid about . the, velocity of the shower of inconvertible bank-notes, ■ arranged. for, the administration,of .affairs .contingent bn Lord N6rmahby?a-deportatibhV'<fecT, they will, jperhaps, ,enpqgh..|o stoop to the.' "smaller,' but not altogether 'valueless, work of assisting their protege, the “ working-man,” in securing a really beautiful home for free litera ture and art on one of the most charming ciljy Hui' theyfcplony has to offer, peawa en, millions 6dd isterling iff^avinga—go to work Free.dabrary* Museiltd, and it without avoidable 'delay. ' 