ptterwi lie Ifodi The debate on Die Financial Statesseat has | omnptod liww evenings m ttc u^gassbre I Assembly, bat is not jet wwriuned, an adjournment till Tuesday next having been agreed to in order to allow hon. members to have their say upon it. Most of the leading members have already spoken, and nothing of j a very striking character is likely to transpire during the remainder of the debate. Theex Premier (Mr. Donglaa) spoke during the debate on Wednesday night, and condnded by movmg as an amendment that the proposals made to meet the present and anticipated deficiencies in the revenue awe ??»??? ImmmI: md nBSiatas£acfcory, The Premier at once accepted this as a .want of confidence motioB, and moved the adjourn ment of the House. The leader of the Opposition (Mr. Griffith), however, disavowed any previous knowledge of the motion, and enrrence of the party. Be hunSGlf was anxious that the debate should continne. The coadnet of Mr. Douglas in tins matter is extraordinary and needs ex planation, aleauwbue we are left to surmise the reasons which led him to ignore the leader of the party with winch he bas been associated. An we to -H*!1''1 that a rupture has occurred between toe ex leader of the present bead of 0-e party, or has the former been guilty of nothing more than an act of inadvertence, which may be atoned for by a simple apology to hon. member* on his own side* However that may be, the motion, taken on its merits, was ?u-advieed, and if pressed to a division would only serve to show the confidence entertained by the House in the Treasurer's proposals The fate of Mr. Norton's motion for stop ping improvements in the navigation of the Ktzroy River was only what that hon. genUe msn might have expected, and our Gladstone friends who are so solicitous for the welfare of Bockhampton will nndeiaUnd that in the evidence is against the makmg of sixty or aeventy miles of railway for traffic which is already fairly provided for by water car riage, and wbich wffl be etui better pro vided for by the completion of Ok nver works now in progress. To divert the trade of the district to Gladstone by nil it will be im-firy to Hock np the Ftaroy, and we cannot believe that even Mr. Norton would go no far as to ask Patiiaarent to sanction such Ov Ordinary urn mines the arrival of an addition of 306 souls to our population would be regarded with feetmgsof satisfaction; but (watt sow. wben pastonl nMQstnes nc ran traded, taade — «*~*~l and the demand tor labour very much reduced, their arrival wnl probably for the time being intensify the pre vaflisedujsew. On the otter band, it m just possible that the immigrants may be absorbed satothe comumnrtyloLer than L anticipated, as essproyers are aware that through the stop page of rmmigntjnn tins m the laat opuMluBity for a nrnajdrrahle tine they wtu haw of obtaining das class of labour. There are not wanting ague that a revival of confidence in nsstoral and ?erieul- tural uunuits is about to take place, ssseWral purchases of station property tavelatety been asauV and uusuirrm broker far efigAfe pro perties than.it fans been far a coa^deraUe tisse prenanaly. TaM saflf iflaV oWersaiaafaap ofM»eCowerassent,aiso,tonmm^mfcouomy. eoanined with the aawranee of a rigorous IManint, forward of reproductive works, meat aesB restore industry to ita ana) activity, and the probabOHT is thatbefare Mxaath the colony witl have entered oaaueweraof laiamerity. With these couvictiana, there fore, we are glad to welcome the new essxen, who must do the best for themselves they can, but who may he secured that the resuttof peraeveranee, even a attended with a EtUt the success they came so far to seek. Pboojzddms at the Police Court have net been very lively during the week, as en Saturday, Monday, and Thursday, there were no oses for hearing. On Tuesday one inebriate was ordered to pay five aknlingg. ant another, who had also been imprndemt in bis conduct, was fined ten shillinge. A breach of the f»poonding Act was dismissal, and Benjamin Arudtage fined one ahOlinr, far a breach of the bye-laws. This uadrridaal any for hi. 'nanny ' to wear Mr. Capon* within b^unaVbat^ideas^otJie^bject draukard was 6n47« w'edBr^Taud'a man aanwd Charles Edward Kekmp (soggeative name) was remanded for three day? on a Menus. Frank Taylor and Co. Onjnxt^ouow~ ing day the charge sheet disclosed no offences. In die ways of amnaements, townspeople have no canse for grumbling, there bemg certainly variety enough. Miss Stepheneon's Company have been playing daring the week to Mdiences far less numerous than the talents of the company deserved. Una is much to be regretted, as the management is under a constant and considerable expense to provide a hign-daos entertainment. In the present instance, the loss to Miss Stephenson does not arise from lack of public apprecia tion, but from the temporarily superior attractions of the Ghost fflmsons, which from their novelty have drawn crowded houses. To both these entertainments, another rival is aonauaced — Button's Circus — which will give one performance this evening. The Circus boa its way to the North, and will probably perform here on its return. Fixe weather bas prevailed in ftockbamp ton doling the week, and a similar report bas been received from almost all the meteoro logical stations. The only rainfall reported was at Csoktown sod Oennont, where 0-10 inch fell at the former and 0-30 inch at the latter place; but at latest advices it was raining at Cairns, Taamba, Cfermont, Copper field, Georgetown, and Port Douglas. At BocEhampton the nights, although cold have not yet touched the freezing point, 37 degrees being the lowest temperature of which we have beard. Yesterday the weather looked gloomy and a few drops of rain fell. In the country the appearance of the grass bears evidence of the winter, but there is abnn danceof feed and water for cattle, and the season has hitherto teen all that could be desired. bTELUGESCE received this week of the progress of the Londen^Tolonial wool sales is re- aimriag. Prices have been well sustained throughout the asks, with a hardening ten dency, and an advance has at length taken place of one halfpenny per Ib. on greasy and SsTot. scoured wools. The stocks are bring well cleared oft; and at the next aeries a farther recovery in prices may be looked far. 