THE LOGAN AND ALBERT RACES. BY MATCH'EM The first meeting under the auspices of the Logan and Albert Jockey Club was held at Beaudesert on Saturday last, and I venture to predict that this was only the first of a long series of successful gatherings. The weather during the whole week had been showery and doubtful looking, but the morning of the 26th broke beautifully fine, and with a cool breeze and cloudless sky ; indeed had weather been ordered for the occasion we could hardly have had it different. Having camped at the house of a friend a few miles distant from the course on the previous night, I proceeded on horseback at an early hour in the morning towards the scene of operations. The Logan was still con- siderably swollen with the late rains, and the country a little slippery, but the substantial bridges and fine roads with which the district is blest rendered these obstacles as nothing. The country everywhere seemed in splendid con- dition, the grass being rich and plentiful ; while the comfortable looking homesteads dotted here and there, the amount of fencing to be seen, and the luxuriant crops of corn, &c.;, all gave evi- dence to the advance of civilisation and the general thriving condition of the district. I arrived at Mr. Brayford's store shortly before 10 a.m., and the company was already beginning to assemble, the long line of horses hanging to the fence at Mr. Howard's hotel plainly showing that something unusual was on the tapis. To- wards 11 o'clock a move was made for the course (about two miles distant) ; the arrival of two four-in-hand drags, each with its living freight of ladies, giving a dash to the proceedings which I hardly anticipated ; indeed, the plenti- ful sprinkling of the fair sex, both in buggies and on horseback, was most refreshing, and gave a tone to the meeting otherwise quite unobtain- able ; and I must here congratulate the ladies of the Logan and Albert on the interest which they evidently take in the "sport for kings." The course is not only a pretty one, but, with a little more trouble, may be made a really good one. It is situated on a treeless flat, and seems per- fectly level, with a couple of mounds on either side of the winning-post, which seem to have been placed there on purpose. The grass had been nicely mown off the running, and there was a fine long shed for the accommodation of race horses ; a comfortable tent for the stewards, another for jockeys, and a small paddock in which visitors might put their horses for the trifling outlay of one "colonial Robert," completed the improvements, except that the course had been well and sufficiently marked out with hardwood posts painted white. Host Everdell, at his booth, supplied everything that was needful in the way of refreshments ; and those who were so disposed could amuse themselves with Aunt Sally, under-and-over, &c.; Three-card men there were none, and I may well exclaim with Hamlet that this is a "custom more honored in the breach than the observance." The first race on the card was the Maiden Plate, for which nine horses were weighed out. They were immediately taken charge of by Mr. John Haygarth, and, with a punctuality and pre cision which might well be emulated by some of our senior clubs, the flag was lowered to an excellent start at 12 o'clock sharp. Major was most fancied, and with good reason, for he never gave his opponents a ghost of a show, and won just as he liked, Brownie and Gentle running a good race for second place, which ended in favor of the former by half-a-length. The winner is a remarkably fine four-year-old, half-brother to King Cole, being by Drum Major from Ailsea, by Middlesex, her dam by Gratis. Four horses were saddled for the Beaudesert Stakes, a race confined to two, three, and four year olds, weight for age, with 7lb. added. A little delay was caused through Fly-by-Night bolting half way round the course, and it was some time then before he could be got to join his horses, but they were all finally despatched safely on their journey. Fusileer immediately rushed to the front, and retained the lead until they got to the back of the coarse ; here Fly-by- Night passed him, and going on with the lead was never afterwards troubled. Fly-by-Night is a compactly built brown son of Charlton and Brunette, the latter by Kings- ton (son of Glaucus) ; he has a very fair dash of foot, but a distance of ground is his forte, and he can stay as long as a woman in a bonnet shop. Dinner was now the order of the day, and an excellent repast was provided at Mr. Everdell's booth, to which ample justice was done. During the dinner hour the hurdles were erected, and at 2 o'clock four competitors were started on their way for what I can hardly call a hurdle race, and I think it is only a waste of money on the part of the club to offer a prize for such an exhibition. The only one that got round, The Pet, jumped really well, though she came down a "howler" at the third hurdle ; however, Trahey was up in a second, and on again, with no other harm done than the loss of one of his boots. The Pet is by Lottery (son of Cossack). For the Logan Handicap, which came next, no less than nine sported silk, and Garibaldi and Woodlands came in for most gapeseed ; though, after the easy style in which Major had cantered home in the Maiden Plate, there were a few knowing ones who would gladly have invested on him at a shade of odds, had any of the wielders of the pencil been pre- sent. They were soon sent away to a fair start, Woodlands at once going to the front, closely followed by Nimrod and Gentle, the rest in a bunch. At the back of the course Nimrod went up, and deprived Woodlands of the lead, though not for long, as on going past the stand for the first time the latter was again at the head of affairs, the gray and Gentle being just behind him, Major and Garibaldi both going very strong, Mr. Henderson's horse at this point looking remarkably well. At the half-mile post the gray fell back beaten, and shortly after Paddy Dowling was evidently hard at it on Garry, who did not seem to relish the heavy course at all. A quarter of a mile from home Major put in his claim, and shot out with a clear lead, and though Woodlands, under the flail, again reached his girths at the half-distance, and for a few strides appeared to be going to make a race of it, Major only required shaking up, and, the old horse dying away to nothing, he cantered in an easy winner by four or five lengths ; Garibaldi was third, the rest coming in at intervals, the last quarter-mile having put an awful scatter on them. Had Woodlands been ridden more judi- ciously, he might have been nearer at the finish ; he is no stayer, and yet was kept in the lead for nearly the whole distance, a mode of tactics that I fancy did not agree with his temper, which is at no time of the best ; however, I don't think that, under the most favorable circumstances, either he or Garry had a show with Major at the weights. The latter was not within a good deal of what he can be made, and should bis owner persevere with him he will some day put a more valuable stake to his credit. The Albert Stakes was next on the card, and ten put in an appearance, but Fusileer had it pretty well his own way, and won comfortably. He is a son of Beadsman, the latter being a son of Kelpie and (I think) Spangle, who was a favorite mare of the late George Sparks, of Roseberry. The Ladies' Purse was won by Nimrod, who looked very groggy at starting, but warmed up after he had got half way. Blacklock, who is, I believe, past twenty years of age, ran second, with Brownie third. The Flying Handicap pro- duced the best race of the meeting, and was won by Woodlands, by a long neck, from Fly-by- Night, after a rare set-to down the straight. Five were colored for the trotting race, which was about as interesting as these events generally are. However, it produced a good display of trotting, the winner, in particular, going in remarkably fine style ; he won very easily, and I believe this is his fourth win out of five trotting races for which Mr. McHugh has started him. Three hurry scurries wound up an excellent day's sport The Logan and Albert Jockey Club have every reason to congratulate themselves on the success of their first meeting ; and, though as a matter of course there are several little matters which will need correction for the next gathering, I am sure these will be looked into before another programme is drawn out. In the first place there was no short race for which youngsters could well compete, and I hope to see a Sapling Stakes another time. I think an open weight for-age race would have been an improvement also ; and the distance of the Flying Handicap should have been a mile and not a mile and a distance. However, I am sure that these little things only need mentioning. I trust, too, that the stewards will on another occasion insist on the colors being correctly named ; I speak feelingly, as several times, when I imagined I had got a correct list of the horses with their colors, I discovered on application that I was all abroad. The officials one and all worked with a will, and all pulled one way ; the clerk of the scales in particular was quite inde- fatigable, and plied the bullock bell with an almost deafening energy to keep the jockeys up to time. The clerk of the course was here, there, and everywhere, and made it a caution to any unfortunate dog that happened to get within reach of his whip. Two members of the force were on the ground, but they had a very easy time of it, and I have seldom seen a crowd more orderly and well behaved, and all seemed satis- fied with their day's amusement. Heartily wishing the Logan and Albeit Jockey Club all success, I close my brief record of their first day out. 