THE CARLTON ELECTION. The Government and their supporters may protest how they will that the rosult of the Carlton election is of no political importance or significance. But if Mr. Munro had been defeated they would have felt triumphant, although they mijht not liavo ventured to the length of chiming an absolute victory. Through Mr. Munro's somewhat chivalrous appeal to his constituents, a direct issue was placed before a large and important electo rate—an olectjrate, it may bo noted, which returned him at the last election on account of his extreme liberal views—in preference to the same gentleman who thought proper to contest the election with him on this oc casion. Mr. Munro, it will bo remembered, a short time ago addressed a meeting of the Carlton electors, and expressed himself op I posed to two of the main principles of the Ministerial Reform Bill, namely, that contained in tha Gth clause, and that other through which the country would bo de prived of the right of electing members for tho Legislative Council. Tho first meant simply tho placing the sole control of tho public purse in tho hands of tho Lower House, and the ignoring of all power of check on the part of tho Council. The adoption of the second prineiplo would just have the eflect of rendering the Upper House utterly irresponsible to tho country. The ultimata result of both would bo to place all legislative and financial power in the hands . of the Lower House. Now, Mr. Munro, in his place in Parlia ment and on the platform before his con stituents, condemned both these principles, and was hooted and howled down at the meeting to which we have re ferred for his pains. A little impulsively perhaps, so much so indeed that many con sidered his action to be Quixotic, he placed his resignation in the hands of 'the Speaker, 011 the -ground that ho desired to tost the real feeling of his constituents, on the one parti cular question of tho Ministerial Reform Bill. His former opponent, Mr. Curtain, entered the lists against him. He declined to say what action lie would take with regard to the Reform Bill, and ho has sustained a signal defeat, although his adversary, through illness, was unable to carry out the contest personally. Carlton, therefore, has pronounced decidedly against the reform proposals of the Government, and tho importance of the election, decisive and unmistakable as its result has been, cannot be overlooked by tho Ministry and its parasites. One thing must be a matter of regret to Mr. Munro, and that is, that he was not ablo to be present at tho division last night on the Ministerial amendment of the Oth clause, which, as a matter of fact, was no amendment at all. Could he have been in tiio Mouse the voting would have been equal, for the motion of the Chief Secretary was carried by a bare majority of one. Virtually this is a defeat of the Government on this especial point, and it will bo impossible for them to regard it in1 any other light. They liavo now to gird up their loins for the final struggle on the third reading of the bill. Sir. Gillies yesterday declared there was not a ghost of a chance of its boing carried. He spoke very confidently, but there will of course be a deal of what is called " rallying of the party,1' in order to prevent the tail from ratting. It is clear, however, that the tail is at its wit3' end as to what is best to do. The Carlton election has had a visible effect upon it, and the lesson it has taught will scarcely be forgotten so soon as to-morrow, wlieu, in reply to the call of tho Honso, there will be a full attendance in order to decide the fate of the Reform Bill. Meanwhile Ministers, doubtless, will sleep sweetly and drer.in pleasantly of the immediate future, •' I'AUT.tATur.NT.—Iu the Legislative Council yesterday, after the examination of the Secretary for. Railways, :.Mr, P. I'. Labertouche, who appeared ;it the bar of tho House to answer certain 'question' 'regarding tho return of di5 charged officials furnished by tile depart ment, Mr. Anderson ^jave notice of hi« in tention to move for au amended return, .".'low ing what appointments and dismissal:) bad talicii place within the previously specified pariofi ail'eotini; olfieers receiving upwards of 7s. _ per day. The second reading of the St.'.mp lax j Bill was moved by Mr. Outhberfc, but aaund- i meat moved by Sir Charles Sladen, tJ the that a committee should he appointed to iiquire . into the practice of the Imperial J'.'.rliaueut 111 j respect to similar measures, was carrie, and a , committee appointed accordingly. wa3 ! "-"0"'Tnr' fhnf, thn committee shouldn't j arranged thai the committee gllUUUi 1'hu House thou adjourned. In thoAssemhly, after same formal business hail beeniransaeted, the House went into committee fo.^10 further consideration of the Constitution^"^™" JiiJJ, when Mr, Berry moved the guitifcufcioti of a new clause for the original claus.# •v'r> Herry spoke at length in support '/tlle' principle embodied in the olause. Sir Tyan O'Loghlen, -Mr." Laior, and Mr. - Andre/ supported the clause. Mr. .Gillies replied Mr. Berry, and condemned the proposal. Messrs, Casey and Kerferd, Sir John O'Shannasy, Dr. Madden, Mr. R. M. Smith, and other members, also opposed-the clause, whf Messrs. Richardson, Pearson, and TuckeB®"M:>ortt',l it- On a division befog taken was ngreod to l>y a majority of one, /.,vo',",,g ayes, 3G ; noes, 35. Cheers (f the Ministerial benches, and vociferous couA cheers from the Opposi tion side, follow the announcement of the result. Mr. Williams submited a further amendment, the object of which was to give the Council power to call for the exercise of the plebiscite on'0 rt-'Jeotlou of a niouey or tax bill, but grc j Jroar e,"11C(I a»J the amend' ment was withdrawn. The bill was reported with amend- ments and the House adjourned. THE REFORM BILL. - The Government, as will be seen our Parliamentary report, have carried our substituted sixth clause of the Re form ??n committee, by a bare majority of one. The substituted clause was proposed by Mr. Berry last night, and after a debate which ex-^ed over several hours the House divided, the result being that 36 members voted in favor the proposal, and 35 against it. Had Mr. Sro, who was re-elected for Carlton yester J u, and wiio lias declared Ins opposition to the At/uae, been able to vote, the numbers would been equal. The division list is appended io our Parliamentary report. The bill with 'amendments having been reported, the House adjourned. The motion for the third reading will.come on for consideration on Thursday next, fur which day a call of the House has been made.' Thk Carlton Election.—The election for Carlton (says our Melbourne Correspondent) took pUoo to*day (Tuesday), ami, as I ventured to predict, Mr. Muuro baa beaten Mr. Curtain, the voting being Munro 1,107, Curtain 902, giving the former the substantial majority of 205\. Considerable interest was taken in the election, but it passed off quietly. Both candi dates stood, at the general election of May, 1S77, when the numbers polled were—Muuro, 950; Curtain, 919. Thero were thus 140 more votes polled yesterday than on the previous occa sion. The Kamarooka State Forest.—Mr. McIntyre gave notice in the Assembly yesterday afternoon of his intention to a.sk the Minister of Lands on Thursday why the control of the Kamarooka State Forest had been tiken out of the hands of the Bendigo Forest Board, and if it was his intention to throw the forest open for selection. SHEEPSTEALING.—A considerable amount of interest was taken yesterday in connection with the hearing of two cases at the Court of General Sessions, iu which a young man named Francis Esler was charged with sheepstealing. Iu the first ease the charge was that he had stelen 515 sheep, the property of a farmer named Thomas Hynes, residing at the Terrieks. It was proved in evidence that on the 8th of September last the sheep were removed from Hynes' place, and the flock were tracked for some miles as having gone iu the direction of the pri soner's selection, situated at the Durham Ox. Beyond that they could uot be traced, but sub sequently ten sheep, identified as being Hynea' property, were found in some pens at Esler's during a sale which was being conducted at his place. The evidenco was of a circumstantial nature, but not strong enough iu the minds of the jury, who returned a verdict of "Not guilty " against him. The second charge against Esler included a man named James Kelly, and was that they had stolen 250 sheep with a few lambs on the 29th or 30th of September, the property of Angus Kennedy, who resides near Kerang. The evidence in this case was also circumstantial, but of a very strong character, and tho jury found considerable difficulty in arriving at a decision, their deliberation ex tending over a period of two hours. They found the prisoners guilty of the second count contained in the charge against them, which was that of receiving. His Honor Deputy Judge Leech sentenced Esler to four years' imprisonment, and Kelly to three years' imprisonmeut, with hard labor. Esler seemed to treat tho whole proceedings up to the finish very indifferently, and made no state ment. Kelly, however, when called ou for sen tence evidently felt his position, and stated to his Honor that he had acted under instructions respecting the sheep. His Honor ordered the sheep, which had been identified as Hynes's property, to be restored to him. A great mass of evidence was taken in both cases, which were well prepared, and credit is due to the arresting officer, Mounted-coustable Armstrong, of Dur ham Ox. MARKET Dues.—A meeting of tho finance committee of the City Council was held yester day afternoon to consider the subject of the reduction of the market dues. The result of the meeting was not disclosed, and will not be known till the committee make their report to tho Council on Fridav next. TANGEY'S Signalling Apparatus.—We have received from Mr. T. W. Tangey a copy of Mr. W. H. Grainger's (inspector of mines) report furnished to the Mining Department on his sig nalling apparatus, which is now in use in the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute Company's mine. The apparatus is known as Tangey's communicator, and is fixed at four different levels, but is only used at the 740 and 1,250 feet levels, where operations are now being carried on. The communicator stands in the engine house, so that the engine-driver has a clear view of it. It is capable of communicating with sixteen different levels, each of which are shown on the face of the indicator, which also indicates messages such as "Manager wanted," "Timber wanted," etc. Corresponding indicators are at each of the levels required to be communicated with. Mr. Grainger in his report states that he was well pleased with the working of the com municator, which gives every satisfaction. Mr. Matthew BURNETT. — A communication was received in Sandhurst yesterday from Mr. Matthew Burnett, the popular social reformer, stating that he would arrive in Sandhurst on Saturday next. Arrangements are therefore being made on a large scale for a monster mass meeting on the evening of that day, in con nection with the working men's Saturday night meetings. His Worship the Mayor has been applied to for authority to conduct an open-air meeting in the Reserve, aud other arrangements will bo made, £0 as to give the public of thi > district a correct idea of what the great re former's celebrated mass meetings are like. The meeting will be conducted by Mr. Burnett in accordance with his own ideas aud unseetarian principles. Previous to the mass meeting there will bs a grand procession through tho city, and after the opeu-air ceremonies conclude there will be a public meeting in tho Teniperanco Hall, at which an address will bo delivered by Mr. Burnett. Fuller particulars will appear in advertisements during the week. The VILLIERS and Heytesbury Vacancy— The Speaker has issued his writ dated yeiterday for the election of a member for Villiers and Ileytesbury to serve in the room of Mr. J. Dwyer. The arrangements are as follow:—Day before which nominations must bo made, 9th December; day of polliug, 16th December; return of writ, 23rd December. Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer has announced his intention not to present .him self for re-election for Villiers and Heytesbury. At present Mr. Joseph Jones is the only candi date in the lield, but a week still remains between this and the day of nomination, and although the present Parliament is so near its end many Ministerialists think that he should not be allowed the luxury of a walkover. Court Arrangements.—The Sandhurst Count} Court will sit on Wednesday, 4th February, 1SS0. Special summonses—Last day of issuing, Saturday, 10th January, 1SS0; last day of serving, Tuesday, 13th January, 1SS0; Must bo filed within five days of service. Ordinary summonses—Last day for issuing, Friday, 16th January, 1SS0; last day of serving, Monday, 19th January, 1SS0; last day of filing, Saturday, 2-ith January, 1SS0: last day for filing defences, Wednesday, 2Stli January. 18S0; last day for payiug money into court, Wed nesday, 28th January, 1SS0. The Sandhurst Court of Insolvency aud Court of Mines will sit on Tuesday, the 10th February, 1SS0. The Circus.—The circus was well patronised last eveuiug, on the occasion of the last ap pearance of the troupe in this eity. The pro gramme offered last evening ivas an entirely new one, aud included performances • ou the trapeze by the Olma Brothers which were of a most entertaining description. Mr. Ashton made his appcarance ou a bare-backed steed, and his performances were greatly applauded, THE REFORM BILL. - Mr. Gaunson gave notice in the Assembly yeiitcrday of his intautiou to move an amendment on.the motion for tho third rending of the Reform JJill, which, is to be do» bated on Thursday. Tho object of the amoud nicut is to defer the third reading for throe months. General Session's.—Tho December sitting of the Sandhurst Court of General Suasions was commenced and concluded yesterday,^ before His Honor Doputy- jtidga Leech and juries of twelve, proving one of the shortest courts wo have ever had. Circumstances wore particularly favorable in that respect. In the first place the calendar was on unusually light one, only four names appearing on the list. Two of the priso ners pleaded guilty, viz., Michael Thomas Connellan, for false pretences, and Geo. Hazle- hurst alias Francis Carew, for uttering. Tho first was sentenced toai.x months' imprisonment, aui the latter to eighteen months. Tho .charge of fraud against Francis Esler wag not proceeded with, the Crown Prosecutor stating that he would not go on with it until the next court. Tho only two eases then left for hearing were those in which Francis Esler was charged with sheepstealihg, in one caso alone, and in tho sceoud case in company with James Kelly. Both were found guilty of receiving, and were sentenced to four and three years imprisonment respectively. The Court adjourned sine die. Electors' Rights.—We omitted to state yes terday that 32 rights wore issued by Mr. J. E. Wall, the electoral registrar for tho White Hills: division. About nine were issued during last' week. Tho total shows a decrease of 44 as com pared with the number taken out in 1S7S. LICENSES IN EAGLEHAWK. — In our advertising columns tho town clerk of the borcugh of Eaglehawlc notifies that the licensing bench will sit 011 the 20th inst. Licensees requiring a renewal must laave their current licences with the cleric of Petty Sessions, Eaglehawk, not later than the 13th iust., and thofeesmust be paid within a fortnight after the granting of tho certificates, otherwise tho licences will be void. Notice to Ratepayers.—The attention of ratepayers in the Shire of Swan Hili is directed ! to an advertisement in another column, specify ing the places at which the rata collector for the West Loddon Riding will attend for the purpose of receiving rates. Legal proceedings will he taken for rates overdue at the end of the pre.--out month. Runnymede Jockey Club.—a meeting ot the members of the Runnymede Jockey Club will be held at Scott's Hotel on Monday even ing next, n,t half past seven o'clock, Tlio meet ing is called for the purpose of receiving the balance- sheet for the past year and. arranging about a race meeting next year. Assistant SURGEON to the Hospital.— Applications for the position of assistant sur geon to the Bendigo Hospital are invited through our advertising columns up to noon on Wednesday, 10th December. Letters are to bo addressed to the honorary secretary. Eaglehawk Police Court.—The Mayor (Mr. Willan) and Mr. Anderson, Js.P,, presided at the Eaglehawk Police Court yesterday. Two cabmen were fined Is. eaohj with 2s. (3d; costs, for loitering .it two o'clock ih the niorhing in the streets. An assault case, Ramillion v. Dillon, was heard. Mr. Rymer appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Hornbuckle for the defendant. There wero two oases, and in the first a nominal fine was inflicted, with costs; in the second Mr. Hornbuckle raised 6ome law point concerning the summons, which necessi tated an adjournment of the case tiil Tuesday ""itE Weather-Yesterday the weather was very fine and seasonable. A light south wind was blowing and the sky was clear and bright. About noon the temperature was rather h gl, but the heat was not oppressive. The ther mometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co's Pall Mall, as follows 9 a.m., 59•; 12 a m. 71°; 3 p.m., 70'; <3 P-m, OS's «»»• j mum, 76"; minimum, a.m., 29.440; 0 p.m., 29.3-10. OPENING of a NEW POST-OFFICE. — Mr. Patter- son, accompanied by Mr. Longmore and Pro- fessor Pearson, visited Chewton on Monday for the purpose of opening a new post and tele oraph office at that place. After the opening ceremony had been performed, the visitors were entertained at a banquet, at wllich about 85 persons were present. None of the speeches possessed any features of importance lhe visitors had to leave the festive board hastily, and before the proceedings had terminated, order to catch the last train to Melbourne, which left Chewton about eight o clock. A silver coffee service and salver were presented to Mr. Patterson by tho mayor, on behalf of the inhabitants of Chewton, as a mark of apprecia tion of the attention the Minister had shown in recard to tho requirements of the town. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum. — The super intendent reports the decease of Sarah Moore, aged 94, from County Derry Ireland, on the 1st December inst., from age, etc., admitted 1st September, 1877. "TEMPERANCE NEWS." - We have received the December issue of the Temperance News, which contains a large quantity of information regarding tho progress of the total abstinence movement. NEW Insolvent. — In the estate of the late James Gracie, farmer, of Ulupna West, de ceased, intestate. Causes of insolvency : De preciation in property, and inability to realise on same. Liabilities, £59a lbs. 7<1.; assets £441 5s.; deiiciency, £lo4 lis. 7d. Mr. James Shackell, official assignee. . . A Bushranging Reminiscence.-A reminis cence of the old bushrangmg days of the Black Forest, when Black Douglas ruled the road between Aiken's Gap and Sawpit Gully, recalled on Monday (says the Telegraph) at the Melbourne Police Court, when an old man, named Thomas Flood, who, for the last score of years, has subsisted on the charity of the Melbourne public, was charged, for about the dozenth time, with vagrancy. Flood stated that he had about 2ozs. of shot and slugs in his face and head, which had been lodged there by the fowling-piece of one of Black Douglas's gang in an encounter with a party of diggers, who were returning from Forest'Creek alter having made their pile. Flood, it appears, was one of the lucky diggers, and resisted the robbers, who eventually re treated without obtaining their expected booty. Since that time Flood has earned a precarious livelihood by begging. The prisoner whose story was corroborated by Mr. W. H. Whelan, the clerk of the court, was sent to gaol for twelve months. AN Enemy in the Camp. — The peaceful serenity of the Liberal banquet at Chewton on Monday night was (says the slightly 1 ruffled by a gentleman named Sinnett, who bad a desire to say something on the other side. Having taken the precaution to first obtain per mission to offer a few remarks, he commenced bv saying that the speech of Mr. Longmore was I calculated to throw dust in the eyes of those present. This was too much for the Liberal banqueters, and a hubbub arose mingled with cries of "Hear, hear, and " Fiir play." Someone volunteered the remark that this was not a political meeting, upon which Mr. Sinnett retorted that if it was not a political meeting politics should not have been introduced. The argument appeared to be unanswerable. The mayor however interposed his authority, mid the gentleman good-humoredly resumed his seat. Harmony once more pre vailed, and tho proceedings continued without the other sido being heard. The Railway Employes1 Association. At the late meeting of the Railway Employes Asso ciatiou in Melbourne (reports tho the secretary, Mr. Rodier, stated that the Minister of Railways had definitely promised to appoint a board at once to adjudicate on any complaint* of injustice made by employes. Ihe board, it was said, is to consist of three persons, one nominated by the association, and the other two appointed by the Minister of Railways. Payment of wages to employes incapacitated from accidents and sickness incurred in tho discharge of duty was also promised; and Mr. Woods also had recognised the association, but stipulated that further action should bo sus pended for 9 or 12 months to allow time for a comprehensive measure to bo introduced into Parliament. The Late Constable Bowes.—Wo quoto from the Gundagai Times of the 28th ult. the following letter, which was addressed to the late Constable Bowen by Sir Henry Parkes Premier ot Now South Wales: - " 'Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 21st November, 1879. Constable Bowen,—I lose no time, after receiv ing the inspector-general's report, in writing to say how highly the Government appreciate tho moritorious conduct of yourself and other mem bers of the police force in the recent capture of bushrangers, aud my deep sympathy with you in the serious wound you havo received iu dis charging your duty. I am directed by His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus to convey to you and your comrades tho expression of his admiration of your bravo performance of your duty, and Mb heartfelt sympathy for you aud your family in tho serious injury you have personally sustained. This letter is addressed to you in consequence of your wounded con dition. All the men engaged under Senior sergeant Carroll will be publicly thanked.— Your obedient servant, Henry Parkes.' We understand that it is the intention of tho Government to i-rect a tombstone, with a suit able inscription on it, over Constable Bowen's grave, which adjoins that of Sergeant Parry, who was shot by Gilbert, the bushranger, some few years ago. Constable Bowon expressed a dying wish that his widow and .-on should pro ceed°to his father's place, Camrhos, Pembroke- shire, Wales; and it is Mrs. Bowen's intention to go home as soon as she can ^et her affairs in the colony arranged." During a lark among some young men ou Saturday night at Maryborough (the Standard reports), one of tha uumbor mesmerised another, but having placed him under the influence was unable to awake Iiiiu. The services i-f a doctor hail to he procured to restore the victim to con sciousness. 