NEWS OF 'THE DAT. parliament will meet to-morrow, at two o'clock. It is not probable that much will be done beyond the formal proceedings which usually occupy the first day's sitting. Busi ness will be rapidly pushed on, however, as ftoon m the preliminary formalitiesliavebcen dis posed of. Whentheaddressin rcplytothespeech has been carried, the first business proceeded with will be supply, and the Interim Bill will be introduced at the earliest opportunity. This will be followed by the Treasurer's finan cial statement, which will include the propo sals of the Government with regard to new taxation. The first reading of the Constitu tional Reform Bill will take place on as early a date as possible, the second reading to be taken immediately after the debate upon the budget. The question is not yet decided as to who shall represent the Government in the Legis lative Council. It is understood that the Ministry would prefer to be represented by their former colleague, Sir. H. Cuthbert, and it is not improbable that that gentleman may be asked again to take the position, the duties of which he so satisfactorily fulfilled for some time. The address in reply to tho speech of his Excellency on the opening of Parliament will be moved in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. A. Deakin, member for West Bourke, and se conded by Mr. W. Clark, the member for Loots cray. By the arrival of the Lnsitania at Adelaide we have received from our own coh- espondent some meagre particulars of the death of the Prince Imperial that had just reached Cape Town. They arc of a character that place tho conduct of the officers and men composing the Prince's reconnoitring party in so odious a light that Britons will bo slow in believing that tliey convey a correct idea of the fatal occurrence. That a body of British officers and soldiers should mount and ride away panic-stricken, and leave the Prince aud his two dismounted comrades to bo butchered by a handful of Zulus, tp- pears to be almost incredible. Puller partku- lara will bo anxiously awaited, and may per haps be obtained when the Lusitania arrises here to-night. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. John Benn (president), Cowderoy (secretary of the Chamber of Commerce), Darvall (secretary of the Manufacturers and Exhibitors' Assoaa- tion), and Robert Harper, on Saturday cated upon Mr. Berry to nsk for information respit ing the proposed establishment of a colonial museum in London. In reply to tho inquiries of tho deputation, who stated that their only object at present was to obtain what infoima- tion they could, Mr. Berry said that a move ment had been started in London for tho e.tab- lislimout of a colonial museum on the star of the projected new opera house on the Thames embankment. It was understood thai the British Government would purchase the rite if the colonies, including India, would "defrsy the cost of erecting the building. The mattar had gone so far that an estimate of the coit had been prepared and apportioned pre rata. amongst the various dependencies of Great Britain. It to proposed that accommoiation should bo provided in the' building fir the agents-general, and it was said that ihe ex pense involved would not be greater tinn that to which the colonies were put at present for the maintenance of the oifice3 of agents- general iu London. He did not think that the subject had assumed such a form that popular judgment could bo brought to bear upon it, or that tie public would feel at all satisfied that any grest advan tages were to accrue from the establishment of such a museum. It was suggestal by a member of the deputation that it rnigit bo of great advantage to have all the offices of the agents-general under one roof ; Hut Mr. Berry pointed out that they were already all collected together in one street. lie sould not see any great nso forsuch an instituton so far as this colony was concerned. It coull only be available for raw material, and nether the gold nor tho wool from this colonywould go there. Mr. It. Harper expressed lis concur rence with the latter view, and, sfter some further discussion, tho deputation wthdrevv. Messrs. J. Bcnn, 11. Harper, E. Cowderoy and Darvall on Saturday, during ai interview which they had with tho Chief Scc-ctary, re quested that the Government shmld make some reduction in tho tonnago dues if the port of Melbourne. They mentioned that tho tonnago dues at Sydney only nmourtcd to one- third of tho charge made at Melbourne, and ex pressed the opinion tkatarcductionof the dues to one-fourth of tho present rate, cr at least to onc-lialf, might prove highly advantageous, in- asmnch as it would tend to attractshipping to the port. Mr. Berry was of opinion that the present was a very unfavorable ;imo to ask the Government to give up a largo por tion of tho £20,000 annually accruing to the exchequer from that source. He did not consider tho tonnago dues amounted to a very 6erious charge It was not so bad as charging a market gardener sixpence for travelling over a mile or two of road, which had been fono until re- cently. As regarded tho suggestion that the reduction of the tonnage dues uould promote the shipping trade, ho believed it was pretty certain that tha shipphg would go wherever there was business to be done. The present was really tho wrong time to talk about remitting dues, consequently lie could not promise that the proposal vouid he enter tained, The Chief Secretary has mder considera tion somo arrangements for economising the accommodation afforded in the industrial and reformatory school buildings, and providing for tho surplus patients of the lunatic asylums. It appears that some of tho isyluins are too full, and further provision bai to be made for a number of female patients. The industrial schools are very much scattered. Temporary buildings are about to be constructed at Geelong for the accommodatiin of girls, pend ing, the erection of a permanert edifice. There are a few boys at the Royal Park institution, all of whom will be transferred to Sunbury. The schools at Srmbnry will bt made to accom modate both the reformatory and industrial school children, the two divisbns of the insti- tu Lo u being so separated that no exception can be taken to their being together. It is in tended co make more room at Fentridge by sending the reformatory clildren there to Sunbury also. The question arises as to what should he done with the Ropl Park building ; whether it will be utilised fcr the accommoda tion of the quieter clnJIi of fimale lunatics has not yet been decided. Further attempts arc beirg made to obtain the release of David Henry, his friends in the colony, it is said, being arxions to send him to his relatives in Germany On Saturday a deputation, consisting d Dr. Singleton, Messrs.' A. 1C. Smith .nd B. G. Davits, Ms.L.A., J. H. Knipe (auctioneer), John Thompson and Dr. Hary, waited on Mr. Berry and presented a remorial praying for David Henry's release. Ir. Berry said that he could see no reason vnaiever for granting the request. He promisd, however, to bring the matter before the Caiuet, and intimated that further medical repcts as to Henry's con dition wonld probably beobtained. On Saturday a depuition of unemployed coachmakers had an intcview with the Chief Secretary, in order to ugs the Government to teke steps tre- puovidatli<n_..yyith-remunorativa: occupation, fhe deputation consisted of half- a-dozen men! who were appointed at a meeties held 'on the previous evening. They informed the Chief Secretary that they had been for some weeks idle, owing to the bail condition to which the depression in trade had reduced their branch of industry. They saw no prospect o; any improvement for some months to come, and they thought that as there was a "meat deficiency of rolling stock on the railways, employment might be afforded them in the construction of carriages. Mr. Berry said the matter was one for Mr. M oods to deal with. A member of the deputation, however, remarked that their reason for coming to the Chief Secretary was that if they had gone to Mr. Woods they might have been told that there were no funds available. Mr. Berry said that that made no difference .whatever. If there were no funde available, he could no more .supply them than Mr Woods conid. They could not expend unlimited sums or money, but only such as Parliament had granted. Every trade was depressed, and it was qnite impossible for the Govern ment to find employment for men connected with the various industries who were out of work. The same kind of thing existed in England and America, though in the latter country business was improving, and he bek'eved that a change would soon take place here. Mr. Berry reminded the deputa tion that whilst the Government were anxious to do all they could for them, there was con siderable danger that their sympathy for the unemployed would make matters worse by attracting a great many other unem ployed persons to Melbourne from the neigh boring colonies. The Opposition press also was using the unemployed to accomplish its own political ends, hoping, by Dying the responsi bility for the present depression upon the Government, to damage them ill the estima tion of the country. The fact was, however, that no Government was patting forth greater efforts to assist the unemployed than tho present Government of this country. He re commended the deputation to call upon air. Woods, who was already doing as much as he could for the unemployed, and would do more if it was possible. A.n important legal opinion, which amounts almost to a judicial decision, ha3 been given by Mr. G. Higinbothnm to the Wyndham shire council respecting the responsibility ofthat body for tho existence of gates upon any sur veyed road. According to the Bacchus Marsh Erprcss , "Mr. Iliginbotham says that any shire council which allows any gate to exist upon any surveyed and proclaimed road is guilty of committing a nuisance, inasmuch as it is it3 duty to remove all obstructions from roads. He says further that councils so allowing gates to exist are responsiblefor any loss or damage caused by them. This is an important matter to all shire councils through out the colony. It has hitherto been thought . that the responsibility rests with the person erecting the gate, but it appears it rests with the local governing body as well. Perhap3 shire councils will think the matter is of no importance, because accidents at gates arc not likely to happen. Perhaps it is not necessary for an accident to happen to make councils responsible for allowing a nuisance to exist ) and relative to accidents, the one which hap pened at Wyndham shows that they may readily occur. That accident consisted in a gate closing upon one of a mob of horses being driven through it, and tho leaping over tho gate of others, which thereby injured them selves. The Wyndham Shire Council should not lose any time in divesting itself of responsi bility for gates. How it can do so is a lawyer's question to a considerable extent. Whether other shire councils will seek advice for them selves, or await the issuo of proceedings at Wyndham, is a question for them to consider." A deputation from tho unemployed coach- builders watted on tlie Chief Secretary on Saturday, and brought under his uutice the fact of a number of tho trade being out of employment. They suggested that a good many hands might he set to work at the rail way workshops in constructing rolling stock, which was short, and they urged that abund ance of seasoned timber for that purpose was available. Mr. Berry replied tliat it was a question purely for Mr. Woods to deal with, advising it, as their best plan, to sec the Minister of Railways on the subject. The adjourned meeting of St. Mary's Edu cation Union, Hotham, took place in St. Mary's school-room yesterday, at half-past three o'clock ; the Rev. Dean England in the chair. It was one of the largest and most re presentative meetings which have been held in Hotham for somo time. All tho resolutions adopted at tho previous meeting of the union were confirmed, aud the following gentlemen were elected officers : — President, Rev. Dean England; vice-presidents, Mr. T. 1'ogarty, J.P., and Mr. Richard Meagher ; committee, Messrs. W. J. Cross, J.P., William Kiely, Francis Roche, — Pnwderly", J. \V. Ryan, Lawrence Ward, Michael Cullanan, James M'Longhlin; lion, secretary, Mr. Denis Fitz- patrick. After tho election of officers, up wards of 250 gentlemen, who weer not present at the last meeting, enrolled themselves as mcmborB of the union. Tho May Queen, standing in Flinders- street; opposite the gasworks, was the object of general attraction yesterday, somo thousands having visited her throughout tho day. The journey from Young- street, Fitzroy, which had been interrupted at Victoria-parade for somo hours by tho boxes having been badly- fixed In the wheels, was eventually accom plished, without any material mishap, early on Saturday morning. The final start is to be made this morning to convcy-the yacht to Mr. Brown's fellmongery, where a suitable place for a launch can be procured. An 'illegitimate child named John Reddur, aged four months, died rather suddenly yester day morning at the residence of the mother in Panama-street, Williamstown. An inquest will be held to-day. A man named John Bnistrode, landlord of Kirk's Bazaar Hotel, was arrested on Satur day evening, and lodged in the Footscray lock-up, on a charge of stealing a child. On the -3rd inst. Bnistrode, who is brother-in-law to Mrs. Johnson,' residing at 130 Littlo Lous- dale-street west, went to Mrs. Johnson's house during her absence and carried away her child, aged two years. Nothing was seen of the man until ho was arrested on Saturday at Foots cray. Tho child was found with liim when taken injjg custody, and sent to its mother. A fire occurred last evening at a quarter- past nine on the premises occupied by Mr. T. Kickcy, newsagent and stationer, corner of Peel and Cambridge streets, Collingwood. Tho building is a two-stoiy one, and the firo oc curred through the explosion of a kerosene lamp, which Mr. Hickcy had carried up stairs. Tho room in which the lamp ex ploded was gutted by the fire, and damage was done to the contents of the other rooms by water. The furniture and stock arc insured for £300, which will coverall loss sustained. Tho Collingwood Volunteer Fire Brigade was promptly on the spot, and with the assistance of tho Fitzroy Volunteer, Collingwood Union and City and Fitzroy City Brigades, succeeded in extinguishing the fire. On Saturday afternoon tho body of a man wuuau uautu uvt ivuuwu was iouhci 111 uj0 Yarra, Hear the gasworks, by William Stone, who is employed on board one of the Harbor Trust dredges. The deceased was a colored iinn. The body was removed to the morgue, where it awaits identification and inquest. The description is that of a man tifty-fivu or sixty years of age, five feet six inches high, stout build, black curly hair, whiskers turnfn" grey, dressed in dark-striped tweed trousers and vest, black cloth coat and elnstic-sido beots. Elizabeth Barker, aged twenty-four, residing in Franklin-street, was admitted into the MeL bourne Hospital on Saturday, suffering from chlorodyne poisoning. Smith Wilson, forty years of years, residing in Williamstown, and in the employ of Messrs. Alcock and Co., was also admitted in an insensible condition on the same day, having sustained injuries through being knocked down by a runaway horse owned by Mr. N, Fitzgerald. The monthly meeting of the council of the Pharmaceutical Society was held at the rooms on Friday evening ; the president, Ir. C. K. Blackctt, M.L.A., in the chair. Mr. A. Wade, of Emerald-hill, was elected a member, and Messrs. Brinsmead (Prahran), J. Mayne (Sur rey Hills, Sydney) and J. Whitaker (St, ICilda), were nominated. Mr. 3D. 31. Goodwin) of Tam worth, New South Wales, was also no minated as a life member. JTlie president and vice- president, Messrs. C. R. Blackett and Wm. Bowen, were appointed delegates at the Social Science Congress to be held during the Exhibition. It was also resolved that the holding of quarterly meetings, for the purpose of discussing matters of interest, reading scien tific papers, and exhibiting chemical and phar maceutical specimens, be resumed. The state ment of the " Chemist and Druggist " for the last year was submitted by the hon, secretary, and was of a satisfactory nature. ' The farewell demonstration in connection with Mr. Matthew Burnett's mission to Iiotham and West Melbourne was brought to a close last Saturday. Three meetings had been provided for— that in the afternoon w as at the corner of Spencer and Hawkc streets, and about 2000 children were present. In the evening a torchlight procession preceded two meetings. The tower of the Hotham Town Hall was illuminated by colored fires, and filgaaMightSr -iBtho-ttfwaaUiiiuaicaKpra- gramme, interspersed with speeches, was ringed, and the Mayor of Hotham presided The speakers were the Rev. E. Taylor and Mr 3» . Eongmore, M.E.A. Mr. Burnett made a t long, earnest speech, enumerating reminiscences of his vi3it to the fatherland. The secretary, J Mr. Balding, read the report of the three - weeks crusade, which showed that 1591 per sons had signed the pledge. The reception to he given to Professor Pepper on his arrival is likely to prove extremely interesting, as be will then give an ac count of somo of the most recent scientific discoveries. To Professor Pepper an entire generation of English hearers and readers owe a fcebt of gratitude — the former for lecture on a vast variety of subjects ; the latter for hi several works on popular science. Wlicn tha Royal Polytechnic was opened in the year 1S40 Mr. Pepper was assistant to Profesant Cooper, and a- few years subsequently was ap pointed professor of chemistry, the fine labora tory of the institution being placed under bis charge. Thero he inaugurated a Beriea of lectures . for the working classes, who were admitted at extremely low rates. He also established classes for hi own peculiar branch of learning — in physics, French, German and mathematics. These were largely attended by shopmen and others in their spare time, and earned the approval and patronage of ' the late Prince Consort. From that period until the present Professor Pepper has been the herald and exponent of many great scien tific discoveries, and ilia peculiar faculty foi dealing with such matters in a practical form baB enabled him to interest hundreds of thou sands of persons in the steady progress of in vestigation, leading up to the grandest achieve ments of modern science. All his lectures at the Polytcchuic were illustrated by costly, elaborate and highly effective experiments J . such subjects as light, heat, the atmosphere, affording, especial opportunities for brilliant display. Then there were the dissolving views which long puzzled and delighted all London, and more lately followed those marvellous op tical illusions, which under the- generic title of Pepper's Ghost Effects, embrace a variety of startling phenomena. Professor Pepper lately paid a visit to America, where he wai most cordially received by the leading scien tific men, and his lectures were immensely' pop ular. He is expected to arrive by the s. Lusi tania, in a few days, when he will commence a scries of exhibitions combining all liis wonders, under the comprehensive title of Science Festivals. At the People's Concert in the Temperance Hall on Saturday night, the iftlral programme of songs, dances, &c.;, was presented. Mr# Albert Leopold was recalled after each of hi? dances. Miss Dvvigbt was the pianisle and Mr. T. J. Lamble musical director. There was .a fair attendance at the Town Hall on Saturday evening, when Mr. David Lee gave his usual organ recitals. The pro gramme included some choice selections from the great composers; which were rendered in a manner which did credit to the performer. Mrs. Mann was the name o! the winner of tW first present in " The Ova.". The Rev. C. M. Vclland has received £1 Is. from Mr. R. Curtis for private distribution amongst the poor. A lecture was delivered by Mr. Deakin, M.L.A., on Friday evening last, to the inmates of tho Jika Reformatory, Coburg, on the Life o£ Hellas and the Customs and Habits of the Greeks two thousand years ago. The hoys throughout the lecture listened attentively. An exhibition of dissolving views by limelight on the Life of Uncle Tom's Cabin, &c.;, was given by Mr. Robert Agncw, in the Presbyterian Hall, Campbellfield, on Thursday and Friday evenings. Collections were made on both nights towards building a new Sunday school for tho Baptist . Chf'Pol, CainpbelltiuJd. At the warehouse of Messrs. Sargood, Son and Co., Flindcrs-strcet, on Saturday last, Mr. A. Gilmorc, who is severing his connection with tha tinn, which has extended over twenty. one years, was presented by his fellow employes with ft silver cl&ret; jug and salver, as a memento of tiio event, and a token of their esteem. The half-yearly meeting of the Rose of Den- marl: lodge, M. U.O.O.F., was held on Friday evening lust, in the M. U. Hall, C-oinirg. Tho following otllcers were installed John llrittoii, G.M.; Robert Sharp, N.G.; William Thorn ley, V.G.; Daniel Harding, permanent sei relury ; C. Benson, elective secretary ; warden, Joseph Edwards. The superintendent of tho Asylum for the Blind corrects a statement in the annual report, as follows : — " When I said we have no less than thirty-five inmates who are members of the Roman Catholic Church, I had in my mind the number who h:ivo been admitted from that com munion. The number who are now actually in mates is twenty.thrcc, of the rest some have died and the others have been removed or dis charged." Messrs. M'bcan Bros, nnd IHgg, of Elizabeth-, street, have just completed, to the order of tha Government, for II. M. ship Nelson, a new galley cooking range on tho most improved principle. As this is oue of tho largest ranges for ships' use which has yet been produced in the colonies, Messrs. M 'Lean Bros, and Rigg, before having it sent on board, lutve decided to Jet it remain oiK view at their storo in Rourkc-strect west till to morrow afternoon, no that shipowners and agents, to whose advantage, it may he to know that an article on such «in extensive and improved scale can be produced in Melbourne, may have an opportunity of inspecting it. A meeting of tlrn nowly-elcctcd board of ndvico for Hotham took place last Monday, at Harcourt-strect State school, Iiotham, Mr. H. A. Clarke in tho chair. Correspondence from the head teachers referring to board of udvico holi days was read, and it was resolved, "That no applications from head teachers be entertained except at a board meeting." Reports were re ceived referring to cases of truancy submitted by the truant officer since last meeting, which re sulted in nine summonses being issued. The Sandhurst excursion committee presented a statement of receipts and expenditure on account of tho late children's trip to the Juvenile Exhibi tion, which showed a bAlanoe of £30 of receipts over expenditure. It was resolved, "That tho ordinary meetings of the board take place every fourth Monday from present date, and that four members constitute a quorum." Mr. JN. ISecsJey was then' elected chairman of tho board, and Mr. K. Lawrence correspondent for the onsuing twelve months. The following amounts were subscribed on Saturday on behalf of the Unemployed Relief Fund, and were banded over to the cditoi of the JIcraMf treasurer of tho fund, by Mr. A. Taylor, secretary : — S. (per secre tary), 40s.; St. Kilda (per Herald), 20s.; R, ' Scott (por Herald), 5s.; A.N., 2s.; W.G., Is.; J. 11., Is. 3d.; A.B., 2s. (id.; ALL., 2s. 6d.; J.B., Is.; J.L.L., Is.; Mr. Thistlcthwaite, Emerald-hill, 20s.; J. Healy, 5s.; Mopinand Co., Is.; W.S.E., 5s.; K. M. Roberts, 5s.; friend, is.; a friend, 3d.: W. P. Bnckliurst, 5s.; &N.;, 2s. 6d.; Withers and Sword, 5s,; J. Hill, 2s. 6d,;W. J.L., ls.;L. Levy, Is.; J. K. IW and Co., 10s.; 'James M'Meckan, 20s. ; a friend, 2s. Gd. ; J.S.; 5s.; Phipps Turn- bull and Co., 20s.; Rewell and Co., 20s. Per City Bank, collected at counter, 16s. Gd. ; Victoria- parade Brewery, jjT. Aitkcn, 21s.; W. BodJey, 10s.; A. Dowling,s2s. Gd.; Constable Grace, 20s.; R. \V. Waugh, 5s.; a few well-wisbera to the fund, 20s.; F.O.R., 2s.j H.P., 3s.; W.P.R., 2s. Gd. : W.T., 2s.; W.E., 2s.; AI. Taylorson, 2s.; W.\V.,6d. ; W. Newham, 5s.; employes of the Victorian Preserving Company, 20s. The total amount received during tho week was£S27s. 4d. The committee on Friday evening and Saturday afternoou had before them a large number of ap plications in writing for relief, and twenty of these were personally and carefully gone into, and orders signed upon the fund for £11 4s. The ordrrs granted were from 5s. to 15s., with the in timation that if still in need tjicy could renew, their applications. They were ajl grateful with one exception. Some of the cases were of a dis tressing nature. 