THE ESTIMATES OF EXPENDI TURE. There is nothing in the Estimates for 1879-S0 to indicate that economy in the public service is to enter into the Minis terial' plans for equalizing income and expenditurft. On- the contrary, a com parison of the items proposed for the current year with those for the period just closed shows that the Government intend to be faithful to the policy of ever-augmenting outlay which has \for. years characterized our financial opera tions. Lastyear the general appropria tions absorbed £1,395,124 13s, Gd.— an amount, by-the-way, which, when added to his other liabilities, the Treasurer had no hope of providing for out of tha revenue of the twelve months. This year the total has been increased to £1,425,223, oran advance inronnd numbers of £30,000. The actual increases in the principal item3 of expenditure make up rather more than doable that sum, but against this has to te cet a re Auction of £30,000 in the pro vision for Immigration, as compared with the previocs year's vote, and two other decreases amounting to £5,615. The fr:t that there ia an advance of £12,197 on Railways and Tramways and of £A,GS7 in Waterworks need occasion neither surprise nor regret, seeing that there is a reasonable hope of realizing a coi respond ing expansion of incooae from these source 1. Furthermore, an increased provision of £13/298 10s. for Public Works is not to be viewed as an unmixed evil, s: airjg that to sorre extent, at all events, value will be obtained for the money laid out. Even the addition of £10,91/ to the expense of Postal and Telegraph Services may be permitted to pass muster, as the publicwill reap an equivalent for it in improved po3tal and telegraph facili ties. But in regard to most of the other increases no such consolatory reflections are possible. The £3,314 aided to Civil Establishments, the extra £2,829 r: luircd for Judicial and LejalDepaiimenta, the fmiher amount of £3,848 apportioned for Police expenses, the £6,577 representing ezi advance in the estimate for Gaols and Prisons, and various other increases mean a downright augmentation in the cost of government for which no direct compen satory advantage is obtained. Ore or two item3 are open to criticism upon special grounds. That i3 the case with the appropriation for Military Defences, which is put down at £33,7C9. Last year the sum set apart was £36,730, and we venture to say that not much more than one-half of it has been disbursed. It the vote of Parlia ment can be thus trifled with in 1878-9, what satisfaction can there be in repeating it this year ? In respect to the item Agriculture, the cour-e pursued is still more objectionable. Considering the extent to which South Australia is de pendent upon this industry for her prosperity, there is no class and no individual in the community but must agree tHt the State has in the past shamefully neglected its duty towards the farmers. And yet we find that the paltry sum of £4,027 appropriated under the heading of Agriculture ia 1878-9 is now to be cut down to the con temptible figure of £2,905. Not only so, but it is proposed to withhold the usual grant- in-aidfrom the Chamber of Manufac tures — abody whichhas devoted itself mo3t zealously and persistently to the Iegitimat3 encouragement of new industries, both iu the field and in the workshop. Bearing in m:nd the attention that has been paid of late to the question of agricultural education, it is unaccountable that the Government should have taken the stand they have in this matter. Without entering further at present into the consideration of details which will, all come up for critical examination when the ifcem3 of expenditure are being considered in Committee, we may be allowed to point out the important bearing which the Estimates laid on the table on Tcesday have upon the position of the finances for the current year. The £1,425,223 which the Government pro* r/oce to set apart for the general cervices of 1879-80 is far from represent ing tte total amount for which provision will have to be made in the Treasurer's Budget To it has to be added a sum of about £350,000 payable in respect of the bonded debt, and another of nearly £00,000 made up of amounts to be provided under special Acts, such as that granting a Civil List, and that directing a payment of £35,000 ? a year to the Sydney Government in respect of Border duties. Altogether the Treasurer, without taking into consideration Supple mentary Estimates and heavy liabilities brought forward from 1878-9, will have to provide funds to the extent of upwards of a million and three-quarters sterling. What the aggregate will be with these demands upon him added, it is impossible at present to say, but, it cannot . fall far short of two million pounds. When it is borne in mind that the revenue during last year wa3 : no more than £1,662,036, it will ; be seen that in keeping up the Estimates as they, are doing the Government are incurring a very heavy responsibility. They have inti mated that measures for rearranging taxation will be submitted, but it is evident that much more than a re arrangement will be n«ces3ary if the finances for the year are to be placed on a satisfactory basis. A3 we have already pointed out, it 13 too soon to enter exhaustively into the dis cussion of this subject, but it is not too soon: to call upon Parliament and the country to ponder seriously the financial prospect which opens out before them. DtAxoxi-s rs South Australia. — In another column we publish the report of Mr. Arthur Dodd, a diamond merchant in London, upon the two diamonds which were found at Echunga, and which were shown at the Paris Exhibition. From Mr. Dodd's report it would seem probable that a diamond-field exists in the vicinity of Echunga, and that for years pa3t the gold-diggers there have passed unheeded hundreds of diamonds, not knowing them from worthless crystals. The effect of the report will no doubt be io promote the search for gems at EchuDga, and there seems good reason for supposing that what is virtually a new industry in South Australia may before long be established. We presume the Government will take some steps to test the accuracy of the conclusions drawn by Mr. Dodd. Should his surmises prove to be correct, it will alco be necessary to provide, either by legislation or by regula tions, for the new state of things that will aiise. The Rabbit Bin.— The members of the Legislative Council have displayed no ;desire to hinder the Government in remedying the defective legislation of last session in respect of the destruction of rabbits. The Bill to accomplish this' object was passed through Committee on Tuesday with but one or. two amend* ments, which cannot be looked upon as in any way vital. Inasmuch as the faultiness of the Act of 1878 was due to the rejection of a more complete measure by the Council, it is satis factory to find that the opportunity now presented of reopening the whole question has not been taken advantage of. The opinion was certainly expressed on Tuesday thst legislation on the subject was unnecessary, but no opposition was offered to the Bill except in matters of detail. It is to be regretted, indeed, that the measure was not subjected to a closer scrutiny than it received. Wo have pointed out in what respects it seoms to us to be defective, and we have shown that it gives too great a discretionary power to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The evil of this may not be made apparent under the present admini stration, but it may hereafter be seriously felt The point to which opposition was mainly directed iu tha Council was in regard to the clause providing for the payment of the cost of the destruction of rabbits on pastoral lands. The Govern ment proposition was that the owner or occupier of such lauds should moiit) the Government by annual instalments, computed on the basis of a three yeara' tenancy. Thus, the lessee whose leaio had but two years to run would only pay two thirds of the cost Exception was taken to the proposal, and it was decided that the period should be increased to five years, so that in the case instanced the pa3toral lessee would have to pay, instead of. iwo-thirds, but two-fifths of the cost of destroying rabbits on his run. The alteration certainly does not affect any essential principle of the Bill, and we fail to see any sufficient justification for it Pastoral lessees do not, it is true, reap so much benefit from their holdings as agriculturists, but the gain accruing to them from the destruction of rabbits will be far greater than the cost to which they would be put even were the term no more than three years. It is satisfactory to know that the amendment ha3 been made applicable to lessees holding lands from private owners. At the same time it is to be regretted that the obligations cast upon municipal bodies have not been more carefully weighed; In some cases great hardship may be caused by the Act, inasmuch as no addi tional sources of revenue are provided, and it is a question whether some Cor porations will not find it difficult to comply with the law. We irust th.it this matter will be looked into before the Bill passes through its final stages. Arrival of Cable Messages.— The steam ship Governor-General London arrived at Port Darn in with a batch of European messages yesterday afternoon, the particulars of which will be found in other columns. The stsamer will remain at Fort Darwin for- replies until Thursday afternoon, and the hour of her departure will be notified at the Telegraph Office to-day. 'The Goverhmemt Fikakcial Ajiramcembnts. — The Treasorer stated in the Assembly on Tuesday that ke had entered into an agreement with the Associated Banks for the purpose of supplying the Government with funds until May 1, 18£0, if necessary. The amount arranged for does cot agree with that previously men tioned, but it is, Mr. Mann states, amply suf ficient, and the terms were very reasonable. Scpplt Biix. — We believe that on Tuesday next the Treasurer will move the House of Assembly to pass a Supply Sill. Crossed Cheques Bjix.— The debate oh the second reading of this measure was resumed in the Assembly on Tuesday. A majority of tnocs present took the view that it was an altogether unnecessary piece of legislation, and the motion was negatived by twenty-two votes to nine. Poet Dabwin Mails. — 'We r-e ir formed thai the next mail steamer from Bitavii and Port Darwin will be the Tambora, Captain De Exi The Tambora is one of the Netherlands IJ3.N Co.'s new steamers, similar to the Generaal Pel. but larger. She will leave Port Adelaide Sep tember 8, in good time for the Sydney Exhibi tion. Tee ApponiruEHT of Mb. Saxsebsox as Coixectob of Customs. — A number of mer chants, importers, shipping agents, and other gentlemen having dealings with tbe Customs Department assembled at the Customs Office, Gienfell-street, on Tuesday morning, for the purpose of offering Jlr. Sanderson congratula tions on his appointment as Collector of Cus toms. &'r. W. H. Charr ack, in a few appro priate remark?, assured Mr. Sanderson that he bad the well wishes of every member of the trading community. Mr. Sanderson briefly re turned thanks. He hoped by a faithful and conscientious discharge of his duties to show that he was worthy of the confidence which bad been expressed by traders through that meeting. He was highly gratified at being so cordially congratulated on commencing tbe duties of his new position in the service. The proceedings only lasted two or three minutes. Belief of Distress hi England.— In April last we forwarded to the Agent-General a draft for £104 3s., being the amount placed at our disposal by Dr. Mayo and one or two other con tributors for tbe relief of distress in the manu facturing district* of England. By the mail which reached Adelaide a few days ago an acknowledgement of the remittance came to band, together with the following note from Sir Arthur Blyth:— 'The distribution of this generous gift would have been easy enough during the long and unusually severe winter now at length over, but it is not so clear now, and I shall consult Mr. Heary Taylor, my brother Neville, and others as to the proper way of distributing this fund, and by the mail per Garonne on the 20th I shall hope to send you an account of the way I have expended the sum entrusted to my care. That it has so been en trusted I consider as a great compliment, and I need hardly add that I shall at all times be happy to be of any service to the people of South Australia.' Life Aesthabce EHCorBiOEirEKr Bill.— The Attorney-General has introduced in tbe House of Assembly a Bill ' to encourage and protect if e insurances and ether- like provident arrange ments for insurers aad their families.' It is provided that property in life endowment or annuity policies shall be within certain limits exempt from any law now or hereafter to be in force relating to insolvency or bankruptcy or from seizure of any kind. No policy or con tract is to be so protected until it shall h»re endured fox at least two years, after which such protection shall be afforded to the extent of £200, after five years to £500, after seven yean to £l,C00, and after ten yean to £2,000, and in every case the contributions towards the policy ahall also be protected. In the case of an annuity policy it is provided that it shall not be protected until th8 payments have extended over at least six years, or unless it has been purchased at least six years prior to the commencement of the annuity.and that snch annuity shall not exceed £104 per annum ; that the protection shall only accrue to the benefit of an actual annuitant, and only to such part of the annuity as shai be payable after tiie annuitant ehall have attained the age of fifty years. It is also Btated that in the case of an endowment only the nominee is protected, and in case of a life assurance only the personal representatives of the assured, and in no case the assignee of the latter. Under similar; condition* as to tbe extent of protection married women may effect policies for insurance endowments and annuities which will be free from the debts of their hus bands. Socth-EastCiectitOotjets.— The following return, showing the total cost and the several particulars of the expenses incurred on account of fifteen Circuit Courts held in tbe Soath-Eist since January 1, 1672, to June 30, 1879, and also the nnmVer of cases tried on each occasion, was laid before the Assembly on Tuesday. Tbe expensesincludehotelexpenses Adelaide toMount Gambier and back and while itjying at Mount Gambier and Narracoorte, including stabling ; also for dinners to Magistrates and local Bar, gratuities to servants, &c;, passages by steamer, freight and carriage, and mouey for carriage and horse hire: — Aprii, 1872. 8 cases, total cost £149 2«. 3d.: October, 8 do., £185 15s.; April, 1873, 22 do., £1S9 6s. 7d. ; October, 6 do, £203 8s. 9d.: April, 1874. 13 do, £199 10*.; October, 6 do., £206 8b. ; April, 1875, 10 do., £228 8*. Id.; October, 14 do., £323 12b. 2d.; April. 1676 12 do., £213 0s. 5d. ; October, 3 do, £230 Is. 9d. : April, 1677, 11 do., £358 At. 7d. ; October, 13do.,'£569 7s. Sd. ; May, 1878, 10 do, £485 16s. 3d. ; October, S do., £452 7s. 7d. ; and April, 1S79. 5 do,£3lo 3« Id. Total numbw of case*, 148; total cost, £4,333 16s. 21. Eisht-Hocbs A6SCCU710S.— A meeting of this, Association will be held at the Bristol Tavern this evening. . . \- Cateouc YorxG Mra's Sooett.— A meeting of this Society ?will be held this evening at St. Francis Xavier's HaD. Co«pwusokt EorcATioH.— On Mondiy eToa irj, July 14, a meeting, at which the Hon. T. King (Minuter of Education), the Iuipector Gener«lofScb.ooli(Mr.J.A.HarUey,B.A.,B.Sc.), the Superintendent of School Visitor*, and three ot the School Visitors were present, was held in the Grote-atreet Model School to give parents of children not receiving education in opportunity of explaining why their childreu remained away, as by non- compliance with the attendance clause of the Kducatiou Act parents were liable to be brought before a Magistrate. There were thirty-nine cases requiring iuventi gation, and thirty parents attended. The ex cuses were as various as they were at times in genious, comprising ' no boots,' ' truancy,' ' father away,' ' mother ill,' ' won't go,' ' weather bad,' ' husband deserted,' ' doing nothing,' kc., ke. ; but out of tbe thirty cases thirt«tn children went to school on the morning of July 14 before the enquiry, the notices having probably had the needful effect. Several children were permitted to go to evening school in cusis of real necessity, other* were ordered to attend in the proper course, and in cases whrre the youngsters were in situations a fort night's grace ma given ; while in some special instances ru order mub given for attendance at school next Monday In two cases the children were told to ccme up for examination. The Poet Elliot and Goolwa Hoad —A de putatior, cou»btir-g of Mr. T. Goode, jun., Mayor of Goolwa; Mr. A. 11. Addison, Chairman of the Port Elliot District Council; and Mr. W. A. E. West-Erskine, M.P., was introduced to the Commissioner of Public Works, on Tuesday morning.u aly 15, by Mr. J. L. Parsons, M.P., who explained that the object of the deputation was to bring under tbe notice of tbu Government the state of the rotd between Port Elliot and Goolwa, and to rtquest that the Government would have it placed ou the schedule of maiu roads. Should they not feel justified in doing this, they hoped the Government would not oppose it were the subject brought under the notice of Parliament by the mem bers for tbe district. Mr, Addison said the present main liue ran from WiUunga through Port Victor, but it did not continue into Tort Elliot township. What the deputa tion wished was that the road should be carried on through Middle-ton to Goolwa, a distance of six miles, three of which were tbtougb exceedingly hilly conctry. It might be argued that the road was close to a Government railway. Ti:i« was also the case in other districts of far less importance than that which he represented. And, moreover, this was not n district in which they had only a Cd. rate, for during the past seven or eight years it bad been railed to Is.; on one cccasion the roads fell into such bad order that they levied a rate of 2j. He was then speaking for his own particular District Council, for since Gooltva had been declared a corporate town (and consequently gpeut its rates only in its own district ), they themaelvea were compelled to make good the roads, for some jeare ago the road was quietly struck off the schedule of main roads. Another argument was that 10 far back as 18G5 the question had come before Parliament, aad was thrown out only on the caatirig-vote of the Speaker — (Hear, hear)— who could uot agree to the expenditure. Mr. Goode endowed the remarks of the previous speaker, and said he did not at all Anticipate that the traffic would be diverted from the tramway. Mr. 'West-Krskine also spoke, and mentioned that tbe numerically small deputa tion was largely owing to the fact that the river trade had just begun. The Com missioner, in reply, »aid he would refer the matter to his colleagues, who would give it their .serious consideration,, but he observed that the Government had great objection to placing roads running almost parallel to railways on the schedule. During tbe present session it was proposed to introduce a Bill into the House with all such as those to which he referred struck off, e y., the one near the Mount Gambier and Peuol'a Bay Railway. But as regarded tbe present case, if, as bad been represented, a large amount of the traffic came from the vicinity of Bull's Greek and other extraneous source*, the Government would con sider whether they would look upon it as au exceptional case, and not include it in the pro posed Bill. SorTH ATJSTBA.LIAX SrjCDAY-BCHOOL TJniON. — The quarterly meeting of this Society wis- held in the Tynte-street Schoolroom, North Adelaide, on Monday evening, July 14. After partaking of a social tea, provided by the teachers of the school, the public meeting was commenced by devotional' exercises, Mr. David Robin, one of the Vice-Preaidents of the Society, taking tbe chair. The Chairman congratulated the meeting on the attendance and its repre sentative character, and thought it was a wise arrangement of the Committee to provide for an interchange of meetings between North and . South Adelaide. He made a few general remarks, and then introduced Mr. J. P. Koberts, who gave an admirable illustrative lesson on the blackboard, there being present a class of boys to bo specially addressed aad questioned on the lesson. The subject was ' The Lifeboat,' which was well gone through, and spiritual applications for Sunday-school teaching made plain and simple. An interesting discussion followed, in which Messrs. Berry, W. B. Stephens, Garter, H. Huiisey, Shakespeare, and others took part. Mr. ?\V . Shakespeare then read an Interesting paper on observations suggested from visiting several Sunday-schools of Victoria while on a reoeut holiday spent there, from the details of which it appeared that the Sunday-schools of Adelaide and neighbourhood compared extremely favour ably both as regarded accommodation and general management. Singing was intersperseVI during the evening, and thinks accorded to the ladies for the tea, the Deacons of the Church, and the readers. ' Ofekiho or Institutes and Mcsbuhs om Sukdats. — In Sydney the Museum and Free Public Library are open on Sundays, and it appears from recent paragraphs in the Sydney papers that the attendance on the sacred day i* greater at the Museum, if not at the Library, than on any other day in the week. At the former institution, for the six days ending Sunday, July 6, tbe attendances were as follow : —Tuesday, 253; Wednesday, 302; Thursday, , 430; Friday, 656 ; Saturday, 878 ; Sunday, 805. At the Free Public Library on Sunday, July 6, there were 174 visitor*, who used 207 books, divided as follows : — Science and arts, 16 ; h'story, &c;, 3; biography, 7; voyages and travels, 34; periodicals, 2; jurisprudence, 3; moral philosophy, 14 ; poetry, 15; miscellaneous literature, 31 ; works of fiction, 46; total, 207 Concerning the Museum the Ri/dney Ttltgraph of July 8 writes :— ' No new exhibits have btwu received by the trustees lately, excepting a typical collection of minerals, pttrcbised bv Professor Liversidage in Europe. It i« confi dently asserted that the collection of minerals will be tbe grandest ever seen iu the southern hemisphere. The minerals ere not on view at present, owing to the limited space aud con veniences for a display of so prominent a collec tion. ' Yesterday, however, several carpenters,, under the direction ot Mr. WilUims, were CBgaged in fitting up cases for the receipt of the specimens. Through the kind oonrtesy of Mr. Kamsty, the Curator of the Museum, the infor mation that notice had been sent him from Newcastle on Saturday last regarding a large whale which had been cast ashore there is placed before the public Mr. Ramsay, on receipt of the notice, dispatched one of hi» collectors, Mr. Morton, to examine the body of the moruter and telegraph back if it would be practicable to secure the skeleton intact. Should the collector be fortunate enongh to obtain a complete skeleton, H will be a great acquisition to the Museum, as it is estimated to veasrre over SO feet. A must beautiful lot of ethnological specimens He in the cellar of the ., Museum, owing to the want of ipice for arrange- - tntnt. It has been proposed to forward theie ethnological rarities to tbe Inttrnationil Ex hibition.' SrDDEN Death. — Dr. Charles Gosse reported to the police on Tuesday that Mrs. Long had that day died suddenly near tha Halfway Honse , on the Bay-road. Tabtlab Aeithmbtic. — An ingenious diagram has been constructed by Mr, B. S. Kelly, of Modbury, the use of which is intended to save the trouble involved in making elaborate calcu lations respecting the value of colonial or other bonds bearing interest at 4 per cent. It is so constructed that by the application of a ruler or straight-edge the required rate of interest obtained by the investor is at once seen by inspection. The diagram supplies the amounts at which the bonds are purchased, ranging from £80 to par, and the term of currency for any number of yean op to eighty. The principle ujon which it is constructed appevs to be ccrrect, and consequently it might be extended bo £8 to apply to other bonds and to longer terms'. In the present case, suppose a 4 per cent, bond, re definable twenty years hence, to be purchased at £92. the diagram instantly indicates that the 1.0; dholder will obtain £4 12s. 3d. per cent, upon his investment, the additional 12s. 3d. beiog the iLttrt-tt upon the £8 discount payable twenty yoare hence. Tub Hcst Cixb.— The Britannia is chosen as 1he next fixture for the bounds, when no doubt those who mean business on the sixth of August -will takecare to torn to account the excellent bi f huntiBg ground whkb lies in that country. ThbWatkbloo Crr.— The running for this great Victorian conrslng event was continue*:! yesterday. Bouth Australia bai a chance if * wincirg the stake, as Eondeletia and Eosy Fawn are still left in the event. Acctdest.— Henry Scott, a boy eleven years \- f us?, fell down at Glauville on Tuesday, and ulocated his right el box. He was admitted to the Hospital, where his i» juries weri at» Undid to. .-,/ THH FATAZ ACODEST AT THH HCITT MKBTCHG. ? Xhe enquiry into the cause ot the death of James Breen, a jockey who waa killed through the horse he was riding at the Hint meeting on Saturday list fulling, -was concluded yester day. The evidence of William Benbow, cabinet rcakeryand P. O'Brien, who saw the occurrence, Trent to show tint it was purely accidental. Dr. Clindening stated that deceased's neck was broken, and thi3 was the cause of death, which most have been instantaneous. He bad made a fost-morttm examination of the body and found internal injuries which would have eventually caused death. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death. It may be mentioned that the decesr-d, while living at Hoisham, Vic toria, insured his life in the Australian AUnnce Assurance Company for JE20O, and that the policy bad been allowed to lapse by nonpay ment of premium, the usual thirty days' ^race having expired on Jnly 1. On Friday last, however, the c'ay before his death, Ercen ten dr- ed the premium to Messrs. F. Clark and Sons, the Adelaide agents, who received on Tues day a telegram from the Directors in Melbourne, intimating that under the circumstances they would recognise the policy and pj.y the amount. Peesextatios to Sebgeaxt-Majok Bukt. — The members of the Civil Service Kiile Com pany gave a complimentary supper and made a jresentation to Sergeant-Major Burt at the Clarence Hotel on Tuesday evening, July 15 There were about thirty persons present, and Captain Wickste*td occupied the chair and Lieutenant Coffee the vice-chair. After the loyal toasts had beeen honoured, the Chairman pro posed 'The health of their guest, Sergeant JU-i jor James Burt,7 stating that it was hard for him to speak in praise of one whom they all knew intimately, to whom they were all under obligations, and who had helped them in every possible way. (Hear, hear.) He would ask them to drink the health of Sergeant-ilajor Bart, who had been their drill-instructor from the formation of the company. When the Association was first started it had eo connection with the volunteer force, and therefore had no claim upon the drill instructors. Their company, therefore, might have been left out in the cold had not Sergeant Major Burt come forward and told the Colonel that he intended to take the company, drill them free of charge, and turn them oat a smart company. The Sergeant had amply fulfilled the former conditions — as to thelatte condition, that was on open question. They had all met to present their instructor with a clock, as a token of their ! egard and esteem for all the interest and care he had taken in them. On behalf of the com pany he asked his acceptance of the clock. Sergeant-Major Burt, in responding, thanked them for the hearty manner in which they bad drunk his health, and for the handsome gift they had presented to him. He hid only done his best to bring the company forward, and is long as the company kept together he ?would stick to them and help them on to the best of his power. He again thanked them for their gift. Lieutenant Strother pro posed 'The National Bifle Association,' and Adjutant Mann, in replying, stated that he thought the Association was going on very satis factorily. They now had a strength of about 700 men, and he thought they would eventually form the main strength of the defence force. He believed they would number 1,000 men at the end of the year. He was glad to hear of the appointment of Captain Scott, whom he hal found very pleasant to work with. Mr. J. Wright in a happy speech proposed ' The Army, Navy, and Reserve Force,' urging the Rifle Association to imitate the army in their con duit and bearing, and referring to the gallantry displayed by the English soldiers at Isandula ami Korke's Drift He concluded by giving some very good advice regarding drill. Lieutenant Strother responded. Several other toasts were r roposed and duly honoured, after which a very I leasant gathering was brought to a conclusion. The AccxnrATOATioN Soctbtt.— A- meeting of the Council of this Society was held on Friday, July 12, at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C. There were present — His Honor :he Chief Justice (President), Dr. Wyatt (Vice President), Sir John Morphett, the Hon. Joseph 1'isher. M.L.C., the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C., Messrs. W. J. Magarey, M.P., A. Abrahams, G. W. Goyder, George Hamilton, and the Hon. Secretary (Mr. B. £. Minchin). Mr. Samuel Davenport sent an apology for non-attendance. A letter was read from Sir Arthur Blyth, ex pressing his desire to further by every means in bis power the interests of the Society in London. The Secretary was instructed +i write and thank the .Arjcnt-General for his letter. Mr. Davenport wrote, kindly offering his services to the Society daring his visit to Sydney in con nection with the Exhibition. Mr. Davenport to be informed that his offer would be gladly accepted. I: was decided to forward copks of Mr. Hamil ton's piper on tha advantages of acclimatization to each member of Parliament, also to each member of the Society, the Chairmen of the several District Council*, tne country Institutes, and to each paper published within the colony. Tne Secretary was authorized to erect au enclosure for the smaller kind of birds imported hy the Society, the cost not to exceed £15. Dr. AVyatt and Mr. Hamilton were requested to prepare a list of birdj and animals suitable for the purposes of acclimatization. The Hon. Mr. Scott, Mr. George Hamilton, and the Hon. Secretary were appointed a sub-committee to purchase suitable birds, &c;, for the Society. It was resolved that at the next: annual meeting Mr. K. Jagoe be nominated an honorary member cf the Society. The Secretary reported that he hid set at liberty twenty-two pairs of Eoglish skylarks recently received from New Zealand. Supreme Court Crvn. Sittiugs. — The July Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were doc :d on Tuesday, July 15, with the disposal of the action |for demurrage between the Western Australian Timber Company,' Limited, and George Wells and Another, which was tried before His Honor the Chief Justice. A verdict was found for the defendants. The Equity Goitst.— On Tuesday,' July 15, His Honor the Primary Judge sat' in Equity and heard a demurrer in re the suit of Bignell and Another v. Berkshire, that certain benefi ciaries under the will of the late George Jonah Berkshire should have been parties to the suit, and that the defendant was not a trustee within the meaning of the Equity Act of 1566. The demurrer was upheld with costs ; the bill to be amended by making the beneficiaries in question parties. Tub Dfst Relief Fcsd.— This relief fund, which. the Treasurer informs us amounted to iKX-, has been closed. Mrs. Dent, the widow (I Ciptain Dent, leaves by the Aconcagua today for her deceased husband's relatives at fccme. The Fors Amateur Chriitys contri buted, it will be remembered, a fifth of * :e fond by an entertainment given in the Town Hall, Port. Immtgbatioh axd Emigration. — The number of ptrsons -who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea durirg the week eudiog Saturday, July 12, was ' 238 ; of tbese 138 came f:oxn Melbourne, 66 from London, 13 from Western Australia, and 1 from Pert Natal. The number of persons who left by the same means during the like rericdwnsSJ, allot' whom left for Melbourne. New Yacht.— Mr. Chant has turned out an sedition to the S A. Yacht Club Ceet in the shape cf a well- modelled boat of the same t-nnage ae the Weetena, She is twenty-four f?*t ICng between perpendiculars, or twenly eight feet extreme length, being three or four feet in excess of the Vivid. The depth is 4 ft. 2 in., and the beam 7 ft. 3 in. She was nsmed the Philadelphia by Mrs. Jus. Williams at the launching, which event took place ai Port Adelaide on Monday afternoon, July 14. It is expected that she will prove a formidable rival to others cf her class. CilARITABtB K5TEHTADOIR!»TATIHB ThEATRK Royal.— On Saturday afternoon an entertain ment is to be given at the Theatre Royal for. the benefit of the widow and family of the late Mr. F. M. Bates, the actor who met with hii death under mysterious circumstances near Melbourne recently. Mr. and Mrs. Bates performed at the Theatre Royal some four or five years ago, and no doubt they will be remembered by many theatre-goers. An excellent programme bis been prepared, which, apart from the object of the entertainment, should be sufficient: to attraci a large audience. All the performers, including a full orchestra, are to give their services gratuitously, and the gross receipts will be forwarded by Mr. Allison to tiu Melbourne Committee. Theatre Royal— The Theatre Roy*] was crowded again in every part to witness List night's repetition of 'Henry V.,' tee nwaaificeiice of the tableaux evokiag the most enthusiaatia adrairartou. Sir. Allison may be congratulated upon the result of hid enterprise in engaging Mr. Etgcold to appear before an Adekide audience for a 'stort season. The play, it may be con fidently predicted, will have a long ran yet. This evening the performance is to be under the patronage of His Excellency the Govcrror. Oa Thursday evening arrangements are to be made with the Glenelg Railway Company to ran a special train after the conclusion of the per formance, as a large number of residents at the Bay have expressed a desire to see the whole o : the performance, which, in consequence of its great length, they have hitherto been un?b'e to do.. D'Ancr Read's Ghost. — After a lengthened fur thicsgh South Africa, Mauritius, Ceylon, ilS, znu the Straits Settlement, Mr. D'Arcy K«ii«J. who gives what he terms the 'Original Ghost'* eiiteitaincent, has found his way ta th~* colony, and be opens for & short season at WLi:c*s ifocs», bpginnfcg with next Saturday. XXX The Reception of the Geelong Foot- ballers.— The following gentlemen have con- sented to become a committee to receive the team of footballers who will arrive on Thursday from Geelong :— Hons. W. H. Bundey, M.P., and H. Scott, M.L.C., Messrs. W. E. Simms, M.P., C. Peacock, M.P., J. C. Bray, M.P., J. Acraman, J.P.,T. Hack, J.P. (Mayor of Port Adelaide), W. Quin, M.P.,C. Todd, C.M.G., W.R. Cave, E. P. Derrington, J.P., Captain Fergusson, Messrs. R. Whitfield and J. Creswell, the Secretaries of the Association, and two represen- tatives of each club. Mr. T. Hack (the Mayor of Port Adelaide), and Messrs. Quin, Bower, Derrington, Cave, and Fergusson will receive the footballers at the Port Town Hail, which will be open to the public. Messrs. C. C. Kings- ton, A. J. Diamond, C. Wells, and C. E. Warren have been appointed a sub-committee to meet the team at the Port. The Association hopes that as many footballers as can possibly make it convenient wiil meet the visitors on their arrival at the Adelaide Station. On their arrival in Adelaide the team will be driven through the principal streets in a six-horse drag. > Clare v. Redhill Rlfxe Compahtes. — The return match between these companies was fired on Saturday, Jnly 12, and resulted in favour of the Clare team. Each company fired at its own range. The day was very un favourable for good shooting or doubtless better scores would have been made. One of the best shots at Redhill (Mr. J. Waddell) was suffer ing from very bad eyes, and hb score was not up to his usual average by ten or fifteen points. The following are the scores : — Clare— Captain Hosier, 69; Lieutenant Provis, 57 ; Private Bryant, 70 ; Private Milne, 75 ; Private Harry, 65; total, 327. Redhill— Captain Peryman, 56; Lieutenant Robertson, 72; Lieutenant J. Waddell, 58; Sergeant Reynolds, 70 ; Private McFarlane, 67 ; total, 323. The Redhill Company were thus the victors by four points. Barbies Ranges.— Our correspondent, dating Umberumberka, July 11, «ays : — ' The weather continues about the same, with the exception of one or two light showers. Messrs. W. L. & R. T. Reid's 5,'0G0 sheep, from Tolarno, River Darling, Mr. McHayan in charge, passed on Jane 28, en rente for the Adelaide market. Eighteen head of bulb) from South Australia, for Mr. Hughes's Pamamaroo Run, Mr. Harvey in charge, passed through here on the 2nd instant. Three hundred bead of cattle from Cooper's Creek, Mr. Clark in charge, passed on Jnly 7 for Adelaide. It is reported that the body of a man has been found with the head completely severed from the body, on the road between Wallace's and Linga wirra Lake. The police are investigating the matter.' The Vitiax Cojifaht.— There was a very good attendance at White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, July 15, on the occasion of the compli mentary benefit to Mr. and Miss Vivian. The entertainment was a long and varied one, and was received with general satisfaction, the many amraing duets, .songs, and scenes by the Vivians causing much diversion. Mr. Wilkins's cornet solo was also a feature of the evening. Miss Despard is to be complimented on the manner in which her songs were rendered, being gifted with the rare faculty of imbuing them with a more than ordinary amount of feeling. ' The dear little shamrock' was her best effort, but she also sang ' I thought of thee' (composed for her expressly by Mr. H. N. Weippert) with great taste. The entertainment concluded with the comedietta of ' The Silent Woman.' Mr. Weippert presided at the piano. The Acadestt oi Music— There was not a very large attendance to witness the Bellringers' entertainment on Tuesday evening, but the various items on the programme were excel* Iently carried out and heartily appreciated. The familiar tunes played by the bellringers were listened to with delight, while Miss May Vivian's singing and dancinz afforded much enjoyment, and the comicalities of the other members of the company proved very amuiing. This evening there will be an entire change of programme, when there will probably be a full house. On Saturday evening Miss - Maggie Liddle, who was favourably known as a member of the Soldene Opera Troupe, will take the part of Henry V. in the burlesque which is to be produced at the Academy. \- SPBnraT.ox'GocHsijra Clxtb. — The entries for the Springton Cup must be made to the Secre tary tc-day. - Dijtsbr to Mr. T. Pellhw. — On the evening of July 14 a number of the friends of Mr. Pellew, of the branch of the National Bank at Edithburgh, met to wish him farewell on his de parture for Adelaide. The dinner was provided by Host Raine, of the Edithburgh Hotel. It was stated that although Mr. Pellew had been at Edithburgh but a short time he had made many friends by his straightforward behaviour and gentlemanly conduct. Very much regret wrs expressed by these proent on the departure of Mr. Pellew, who had made himself agreeable to all who had come in contact with him, and by his willingness to assist in any matter concerning the welfare of the place. Mr. Pellew thanked those present, and said he regretted his depar ture as much as those present could, but circum stances over which he had no control compelled him to go. He would always remember the kindness of the Edithburgh people, and should always remember with pleasure his stay with them. The customary toasts on such occasions followed, and a very pleasant evening came to a close. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Gotts chalk, the Rev. Mr. Marshall occupying the vise chair. The Hamtltox Affray. — The Kapvm/i Herald, of Jnly 15 writes :— ' We regret to state that the young man James O'Leary, who was injured in a scuffle he had with another young man named S tubing at Hamilton, died on Saturday morning last from the injuries then received. An inquest was held at the Hospital on Saturday afternoon before Mr. W. G. Good child, J.P., and a Jury ; but after taking Dr. Hamilton's evidence the enquiry was adjourned to Thursday for the production of farther evi dence. Xhe Coroner gave an order for the burial of the body.' At the Magistrates' Court at Kapunda on Thursday, July 10, Stubing was committed for trial at the next Sittings of the Supreme Court for inflicting grievous bodily harm on O'Leary. Hoeses at Flkjonotos. — During the visits I have made to Flemington of late (says the writer of ' Turf Gossip' in the Australasian) I've seen nothing looking so forward as Emerald, Mercury, and Belladrum, and as they have been doing good* work, I presume they are intended for Hawkesbary and Raudwick. All three are well engaged, and as the two youngsters are something more than moderate, the blue with red spots should be carried very prominently. Emerald is a big slashing son of Yattendon and Days ; of OM, and is, therefore, full brother to Patriarch and Fitzyattendon, bnt he bears very little resemblance to either. His legs are not of the beet, but the going at Flemington is good just new, and as Randwick is always capital going for horses with suspicious understandings, he will probably get through a preparation for his New South Wales engagements, bnt I despair of seeing him at the post for the Mel bourne Cup unless the weather is of such a character that the ground will never be hard. Emerald is not engaged in the Hawkesbary Handicap, but he is in the Metropolitan, and his weight is 7 st. 2 1b. If he be as good as either of his brothers, he should have a very fair show 5t tils weight, Belladrum has improved the right way, and as he cost his present owner only fifty guinea*, he is likely to prove a decided bargain; in fact he has, for already he has placed a couple of races to his credit, and_ if the splint he has thrown does no't interfere with him he will-probably win more before the close of the coming season. He is handicapped at 6 st. 4 lb. in the Hawkesbury Handicap, and at 5 st. 3 lb. in the Metropolitan, nice racing weights for anything like'a good three-Year-old. Mercury U not in the Hawkesbnry Handicap, but he is in the Guineas, in which he will have to meet the flower of the Xew South Wales two-yea r-olds, and should he succeed in vanquishing them he will prove Mmylf a \- colt of the very highest class. He is likewise engaged in the AJ.C. Derby, and here again fee will have a very severe task »et him. Yeomans deserves great credit for the condition he has these horses iD, and with Mr. James Wilson's string alto to fight for the honour of Victoria, I don't think we'll have .much cause to grumble when the A J.C. Spring meeting is ended. The St. jMhans trainer has not anything engaged in the Hawkesbury Handicap, but First King and others are engaged in the Metropolitan. Tna Actixg-Agest-Geseeal of Victoria. — The announcement in the Tio.es, on 'the highest1 asthbrity,' thst the Right Honourable Hugh Childers, 3LP., wiil exercise the functions cf Agent-General for the colony of Victoria virtout salary (says Jfayfair) in an amusing attempt to hoodwink the outside public. Those i- ho are behind the scenes know that the right honourable member is in the enjoyment of a gocd pension from the colony as the ex- Collector cf Customs, which is suspended whilst he is in receipt of a salary. In the ordinary course, therefore, be would have lost his pension ; bus by his disinterested acceptance of the powers and patronage of the, Agent-General without a talary he retains his pension, and at the same time evades the recent decision of the House of Commons which forbids members of Parlia ment to hold colonial offices of profit. 