DEVELOPMENT OF DOGMA IN ART. The development of dogma during recent years really startles any one who is not prepared for it, and who has only seen the modified Popery exhibited in Protestant countries. It is in the Vatican that you see dogma embodied in art, the highest art of each successive century. : ? There is a wall in the Vatican decorated with frescoes to illustrate the great features, ' crowning glories ' of the reign of Pio Nono. One trronl fvoann TAnrpepnt.H t.Vip rvmrVI am n.t.i on of t.Tifi rinr.fvrinp. of thp. Imma culate Conception of the Virgin. The centre figure on earth is the Pope ; the centre in heaven is the Virgin. The Pope is represented surrounded by cardinals, ambassadors, and statesmen (all portraits). The Pope, in the centre, is represented with a ray of light from heaven descending on him alone, while all around wait for his declaration. The ray of light from heaven is to denote that he is the enlightener of mankind, the guide into all truth. Above, in the sky, the centre figure is the Virgin. On one side God the Father is represented crowning her ; on the other, Jesus Christ is to be seen pointing to her. You feel as you look at those frescoes that the Pope usurps the place of the. Holy Spirit of God, promised to guide into all truth, and that the Virgin is put in the place of the Redeemer of mankind. The representation of the Eternal God as an old man seemed to us most degrading, introducing the thought of time into eternity. The eternal youth of the gods dreamed of . by the ancients was surely a grander conception. I read a placard pasted on the pillars of some of the churches. It was a sort of new creed, commencing with the declaration that the Virgin had existed from all eternity in heaven with God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and that her merits and intercession were necessary for the salvation of the world. A French Roman Catholic gentleman exclaimed to the friend we were staying with — ' Mais e'est un autre culte,' and he went on to say that it was another worship from what he had been taught in France as Christianity. ' In Rome,' he added, ' it seems to me they only wor ship the Virgin.' That was no Protestant exaggeration, but the impression made on the mind of an honest Roman Catholic. You, can trace the advance of dogma in this direction if you com pare the Later an with the Vatican. The church and palace of the Lateran was the earlier residence of the Popes. There the Lord Jesus Christ is the central figure ; in the Vatican it is the Virgin. Students of history in Rome declare that the worship of Venus was so dear to the people of Italy that there is always a tendency to ;return to the worship of a woman; and that the Church of Rome, with a deep insight into human natures, adapted itself to the ten dency. However this may be, it ought to be known and understood by English Protestants that the honours paid to her in Rome are nothing short of divine, and that the Church of Rome has shifted its position with regard to this article of its creed since the proclamation of the doctrine of the immaculate conception. Many English people who go to Rome seem to be bewildered, dazzled by the splendours of Italian art applied to sacred subjects, and it is only when you set yourself to study the faith that is embodied in it that you see how art has misrepresented truth in Italy. The Sistine Chapel is, in a sense, the holy of holies of the Popes. It is decorated by the magnificent frescoes of the last judgment, and various scenes from the Old Tes- . tament, by Michael Angelo. They are considered masterpieces of genius. The huge fresco of the last judgment is behind the Pope's chair. In this awful picture God is represented as hurling thunder bolts on His wretched creatures, who are being dragged down by demons to destruction, shivering and affrighted. At His right hand the Virgin pleads for them, and weeps over the lost creation. I saw another picture by Rubens (in Lyons). The title written under it was that this was the Virgin and St. Dominic trying to save the world from the wrath of Christ. The globe is painted below ; the Virgin and St. Dominic are pleading, while the Lord Jesus is repre sented in the clouds hurling down thunderbolts. So in innumerable . pictures that I saw— all love, all pity, were pourtrayed in the Virgin, the saints, the angels, St. Lorenzo, St. Veronica, and many others — not in God. I thought of the words of our Lord — ' O righteous Father, the world hath not known Thee 1' There was no trace here to be found of the Father who saw the wanderer a great way off, and ran and had compassion on him, and kissed him. In fact, underlying all art in Rome is this frightful misrepresenta tion that man is more merciful than God, and that we must be saved, not from ourselves, our sin, our weakness, and our ignorance, but from God. But a few weeks ago I was studying the same idea in the Hindoo caves of Elephanta, where God is represented as Shiva, the Destroyer. The poor Hindoo tells you that he must be saved from God, not by God ; but that is the God represented to man by con science, not by revelation or by Jesus Christ. M, The Swedish Chuech. — We take the following from the Guardian report of proceedings in the Upper House of Convocation : — The President : A document has been placed in my hands by the Bishop of Winchester relating to the Swedish Chnrch, which has been drawn up by the Bishop of Dunedin, in New Zealand, who wishes it to be brought before Convocation. It is rather long. The Bishop of Winchester : It concerns the Swedish Church, which is charged with having no succession, no priests, and no deacons. (Laughter.) They have presbyters, who are not called priests, but are only licensed to be preachers, and they have actually no orders. TheBishopof Dunedin, who has been for some time in Sweden, has drawn up this document relating to the Swedish Church, and he suggests that it would be greatly to the interest of the Swedish Church that we should hold out the right hand of fellowship, and that it would be to the interest of both Churches. He also speaks of the danger to the Norwegian Church. The President : Perhaps the Bishop of Winchester W'U undertake to bring this matter before the next meeting of Bishops. The Bishop of Winchester : Yes. 