QOOD REASONS FOR THE FAITH THAT WE PROFESS. FATHER DATERK' TO THE EEV. A. C. HIRST, ON HIS CALUMNY REPEATED. (Per Favour of ike Carcoar Chronicle.) ' So black a crime as idolatry is not lightly to be charged against any body of Christians. Before so bloody an indictment be preferred against the greatest part of Christendom, tho nature of tho thing ought to be well under stood. The charge is too big for a scolding word and how inconsistent soever idolatry may be with salvation, I fear so uncharitable a cal umny can be of no less damnable consequences. It is a piece of inhumanity that outdoes the savage ness of the cannibals themselves, and damns atonce both body and soul. And yet, after all, we have no other ground for th.) bold con ? ceit, than the crude and rash assertions of a few firebrands and ranters, who have no other reasons for truth or zeal, but hatred to Popery.' — Bishop Parker, — ?' Reasons for Abrogating the Test,' p. 72-3. Rev. Sir, — I commend to your serious considera tion, and that of any of your flock who may be urging you on in your imprudent course, the foregoing extract from the Anglican Bishop Parker. I am sorry to see from your letter that you are still impenitent, so I thought a word of warning from Dr. Parker might produce in you a salutary effect. In reply to your letter I have, in the first place, to say that there was no ' wrong impression ' to be removed from my mind regarding tin publication of your late ser mon. I assumed it was published with your knowledge and sanction, and your explanation only confirms the correctness of my assumption. In the next place, I have to remove that magni fied mole-hill which you assured me would so confound me, as to fill me with regret for having entered my defence of the Blessed Virgin at all. My tongue shall have cleaved to my jaws when I fail to repel any attempt, however feeble, to deprive the Mother of God of that honour which is justly her duo. Tho proposition you lay down is simply this : — Catholics worship the Blessed Virgin as well as Crod — whence you infer, irre spective of the avowed and dogmatical teaching of the Church — that we give to the creature the honour duo to God alone, and consequently are guilty of idolatry. In support of your position you extract some isolated passages — of which I shall have a few words to say further on — from the writings of tho Fathci'3 and Doctors of the Church, and by laying stress on certain phrases employed by them when speaking of the Blessed Virgin, and which in their restricted meaning are applicable only to God, you conclude that they taught and practised idolatry, and that we, who profess and practise the same faith as they did, are, of course, idolators also. Now, a very convenient method you will admit, reverend Sir, of getting out of a difficulty is to compel your adversary to draw you out of it himself. S uch is the task I am about to impose on you in the present instance : nothing less than to pull down with your hands the struc ture you have erected ; and as it is a clumsy piece of workmanship, and rests on a sandy foundation, I would advise you to keep a sharp look out so that you may not get buried in the ruins. You will not deny that in nearly every page of tho Sacred Scriptures, words and actions expressive of divine worship and supreme adora tion are applied to an inferior honour which man may exhibit to man ; that phrases are ad dressed to tho Deity, which require explanation, in order to bo consistent with both natural and rovealod religion. .By what criterion, and on what principles are you to explain these words and acts, and prove an important and essential difference in their signification when applied- to the Creator, and when applied to the creature ? If they admit of no explanation, tho men who employed them in writings of such weighty import acted tho part either of deceivers or dolts — which of course you cannot allow. Here are a few cases in point ; your answer to these will solve your ob jections. Is God a corporeal boing ? And if not, what do tho sacred writoi'3 mean when they re prosont Him as having hands, foot, eyes, and oars? Is Ho subject to change? And if not, why ia Ho doscribod aa being overcome by passion, and, in Hi3 anger, given to swear ? Is He im mense and omniscient ? And if so, how is it that Ho is said to descend to sec and learn what is taking place on earth ? Words and phrases ex pressive of such ideas occur in almost every page of the Old Testament. Again : the Scrip tures say in one place — ' to G-od alone honour and glory,' and in others, ' honour the king,' ' honour thy father and thy mother,' ' glory and honour and peace to every one that worketh good to the Jews first, and also the Greek.' In these cases 13 the ' honour ' given to God such as should be given to man ? Or is the ' honour ' given to man such as should be given to God alone? Again: the Scripture represents God as being worshipped, and in tho very same sentence applies the very same word to tho respect ex hibited towards an earthly king — 'all the people bowed down their heads, and worshipped the Lord and their King.' They tell us too, that Abraham and Lot worshipped Angels — -that Saul worshipped Samuel, and that the children of the prophets worshipped Eliseus ? How are these words to be interpreted ? Was tho worship or adoration offered to God and tho creature of the same kind ? Tho terms are the same ; the external action was the same. If you admit no difference, then you condemn Abraham and other holy personages of the Old Law a3 idolators, in direct opposition to what you know of their character. Again : when St. Paul says ' I make myself all things unto all men, that I may save all,' are you to understand that he committed sin to please sinners ; and that in attributing to his labours the salvation oi his fellow-men, he usurped the place of the Saviour of mankind ? When he commends himself: to the prayers of his fellow-Christians, and recom mends them to pray for one another, docs he doubt the ability of God to hear each one for himself, and does he deny the sufficiency of the ' One Mediator ?' When God directed tho friends of Job to have recourse to hi3 prayers, did He mean to imply that he could not hear them Himself: ? And when St. John, in the Apocalypse, asks in. the same breath, grace and peace for the churches in Asia, from God, the Seven Spirits, and Christ, did he consider the seven angels the source and fountain of grace and peace equally with God and Christ ? Ex plain away tlie.fic apparent inconsistencies, rev. Sir, and then apply the same test to your ex tracts from the Holy Fathers. And if the sacred pen- men, although writing under the influence of: divine inspiration, were forced, owing to the poverty of language, to employ the same words to express different ideas, we cannot be surprised at finding persons, who are under no such heavenly influence, adopting the same course in their language and writings.. If you hear a per son style the Queen her Majesty, do you for a moment imagine that he attaches the same mean ing to the term, as when he applies it to God ? YVhen you hear Bishops and Peers of the realm. called Lords, do you conclude that the person so addressing them considers them gods ? When you ' honor' the Judge, and ' worship' the mayor or the magistrate, do you give divine honour to the one, and supreme worship to the other ? And when a Protestant husband, going through the marriage service, as laid down in your Book of Common Prayer,' says to his wife ' with my body I thoe worship,' do you accuse him of making her a goddess and denounce him in consequence, as a rank idolator ? On what fixed principles, I ask you rev, Sir, are you to interpret such expressions ? Do you always rigidly adhere to the strict meaning of the terms, without taking into account the circum stances, the intention, or the expressed and known belief of: the persons using them ? Or rather are not these the ground- work on which your decision is based ? You are now in that awkward fix which divines call tiie odium llieoiogicum, a very Humi liating position for a theologian to allow himself to be placed in, because, before ho can get out of it, he is compelled to swallow back his own words. In elucidation of the important matter which I have been hitherto placing before you, I will translate for you a passage from a Protestant ?Encyelopiudia, cited by the learned Perrono in his ' Treatise on Dogmatic Theology ' : — ' IC Lot prostrate himself before tho two angels who visit liim, this is civility done to two strangers ; if Jacob prostrate himself before Esau, this is a deference which a younger has for an elder brother ; if Solomon prostrate before Bcthsabee, it is the act of a son honouring a mother ; if Nathan prostrate himself before David, it is a subject who offers his respects to his prince. But If a man prostrate himself whilst praying to God then it is the creature who adores the Creator. Suppose an Israelite has prostrated himself in ap proaching his sovereign, nobody will accuse him of idolatry. If he had done the same before an idol, this same bodily action would have been in terpreted as an act of idolatry. But why ? Be cause we should have inferred from this action, that ho regarded the idol as a true divinity, and that he had towards it those feelings which are involved in adoration according to the restricted sense which this term has in our language. What then must we think of what tho Catholics do in honour of the saints, relics, and the cross ? They will not deny that this exterior ' cultus ' resembles entirely that which they pay in honouring God ex ternally, but have they the same ideas of the saints and of the cross, as they have of God ? I do not believe that any person can justly charge them with this ; and hence it appears to me, that wo ought, not to denounce them as idolators.' You observe how keenly the writer of tho fore going passage looked into each feature of the eases before him ; how attentively he considered tho circumstances ; how cautiously ho weighed the motives, and, in consequence, low justly and truly ho attached an essentially different mean ing to the very same action performed by each. This should have been your niodo of procedure, ?rev. Sir, before rushing headlong into tho gross violation of ono of the Commandments, in your anxiety to make us out violating another. I told you already that the ignorance you have exhibited of our doctrine and practice is inexcus able ; I now toll you it is more thai; inoxcus able — it is even criminal. No matter by what what name you call the cultu3 we pay to the Blessed Virgin, you are wrong in attributing to it any other meaning than that which we give it our selves. The Fathers at tho Second Council of Nice, after full deliberation on the subject, con cluded, that ' it is a matter of indifference whether we call the honour due to the saints veneration or adoration, as long as there is no encroachment on the cultus of ' Latria,' which is due to God alone.' The Church has care fully classified under separate heads .the wor ship due to G°d, to the Blessed Virgin, and tho Saints. . To God alone, on account of His infinite perfections, and to Christ, on account of the hypostalic union of his humanity with the divinity, is due the cultus called ' Latria.' To the Saints, on account of their super natural virtues, is duo the worship called ' Dulia.' To the Blessed Virgin, on account of the supereminent dignity to which she was raised, and the more sublime gifts and virtues which she possessed, is due the worship callol ' Hyperdulia,' — an honour higher than that given to the other saints, but as far removed from the worship of ' Latria,' due to God alone, as the Creator is above the work of his own hands. These are called religious worship, to distinguish them from civil worship which is given to men on account of their natural virtues, and from politi cal worship which is due to princes and their represeneatives, on account of their dignity. Had you, as you ou^ht to have done, before uttering base calumny, looked into any of your theological works, or catechisms, instead of culling false representations of our doctrine from poisoned sources, you could there easily acquaint yourself with our belie!! and practice. In tho Catechism of the Council of Trent, which is a clear exposi tion of the faith of the sixteenth century, and all former times from the days of the Apostles, you could have seen the following words : — ' Wo entreat the Almighty to confer on us some bless ing ; or to deliver us from some misfortune. But, since the saints are more pleasing to Him than we are, we hence entreat them to lend us their assistance, and to obtain for us the grant of our requests. For this reason, the forms of our petition on each occa sion are widely different. Addressing ourselves, wo say to Him : ' have mercy on us ;' ' hear us.' Whereas, speaking to the saints, we merely say : ' pray for us.' ' In the face of this, how can you say that by making the Blessed Virgin our Media tress, wo injure the Mediatorship of Christ be tween man and God ? We hold that Christ alone is the Mediator of our Redemption ; that His merits are the efficient cause of our reconciliation with God ; that He alone is the Mediator of Jus tice between God and man ; but that we can have as many mediators of grace as there are angels and saints in heaven, and men of good- will upon earth. You say there is no need of seeking in tercessors on our behait, since trod is able and willing to hear us, and wo can ourselves approach the throne of God. We admit there is no abso lute necessity ; but will the employment of powerful intercessors, more worthy to be heard than we are, lessen our chance of receiving what we ask ? God said He would ' accept the face of his servant Job ' on behalf of his friends, if they besought his prayers. Jacob ' supplicated the angel ;' Raphal ' offered to God the prayers of Tobias ;' St. John besought the Seven Spirits on behalf of the churches of Asia, and represents in hi3 Revelations, the Angels before the throne, with vials in their hands, offering to God the prayers of the saints. St. Paul earnestly besought the prayers of his fellow- Christians, and strongly recommended them to pray for one another. And you and your congregation, every Sunday in your church, become meditators for the Queen and Koyal Family, although they have free access to tho throne of Grace. You also endeavour to lower the Blessed Virgin in the estimation of your neighbours, by striving to bring her down to the level of all who here do the will of God ; be cause Christ styles all such His brothers, His sisters, and His mothers. Yes, all who love and serve God are brothers, and sisters, and mothers of our Divine Lord by grace and adoption ; but tho Blessed Virgin is all this, and more — she is his natural mother, since she conceived and ? brought him forth. What more do you want in the Scriptures regarding the Blessed Virgin than you have there already ? You there find that God the Father selected and fitted her to give a second nature to his only-begotten Son. You hear the Angel Gabriel addressing her with the title ' full of grace,' and assuring her that God was with her in an especial manner. You hear St. Eliza beth calling her the ' Mother of God,' and pro nouncing hor ' blessed among women ;' and you hear herself announcing, under tho influence of Divine inspiration, that ' all nations shall call her blessed henceforth and for over.' Does not all this entitle her to your highest esteem and veneration ? You find there, moreover, that she miraculously conceived, by tho operation of the Holy Ghost, the Divnie Saviour of the world. You find that she gavo Him birth at Bethlehem ; fled with Him into Egypt to escape those who sought His death ; brought him back to Judea, and nourished Him during His infancy with the substanco of her own body. You find hor bring ing Him to the Temple ; seeking Him sorrow fully through the streets of Jerusalem ; and carrying him back to hor humble home at Naza reth', where sho attended on Him with her own hands, during tho whole period of His private life. You find hor by His side on His first entrance on public life, and inducing Him by hor influence to perform His first public miracle, although the time for manifesting Himself to the world, by the performance of miracles, had not yet arrived. You find hor with heart filled with anguish, and pierced with a sword of grief, following closely in His footsteps from stago to stage of that awful tragic scene which commenced in tho Garden of Olives, and ended on Calvary. And, finally, you behold her constituted the . spiritual Mother of all tho faithful, through Sfc. John, by her Diviuo Son from tho wood of the cross. Was ever occupation entrusted. to a creature so pleasing Ho God, and so » beneficial to tus? No, cieature that was ever fashioned at the hands of the Almighty wasever ox alted to so high a dignity, a dignity, too, rev. Sir, that no one qan take from her. A few woids now about the ' extracts.' I have eleailj shown that, even on the supposition that all your ' ex tracts' are correctly quoted, you aio still com pelled cither to,withdraw your objection, or spike , yourself on the jb,orns of the dilemma. You ,*nust either acknowledge, that the meaning to be applied /to worda and actions, depends on the ', intention of him -who uses the one, or pei forms rfcne other ; which intqntion we arc to learn fiom -, liis known and avowed belief ; or you must .almit -the whole body of Scripture to be one heap tOf absurdities. Anyone who has read your Idler ' attentively, must have oome to the conclusion that ? eitheryou or your friend Tbclwold are ' coining.' 'You quote a prayer commencing witli the words, ' O Immaculate Queen of Heaven,' ?which you say on the authority of Thelwold, jWas indulgenced by the Pope in 1840— while ,you , assert towards the end of your lotter, ,that Ihe ' Immaculate Conception was never heard of till the year 1854'.' Which is the ' coiner,' rev. nSir, you or -.Thelwold ° Take your choice. You ''.turn to the Missal and Breviary,' from the former you quote nothing ; but from the lalter you give a very fair trans lation of the, passage which you say ' pur ports to be from the sermon of one Bernard Abbot.' 'Who is Bornard Abbot, rev. Sir, do you know ? It is a wonder you did not call , him Barney Abbot. The notion you give, one of Bernard Abbot is that which we are wont to form of Jack Straw, or of Wat Tyler, or of a church sexton, or a hedge school-master. If you looked in the Breviary, as you say you did, Iiotv is it that you appear not. bo bo aware that thi3 Bernard Abbot whom -you qnote from, is no less distinguished an individual than the illustrious Si. Bernard him self, Abbot of Ckirvaux, justly styled ' the Light of the Middle Ages ;' and, as you ' turned' to the -Breviary, how did the lesson immediately preceding that which you quote from escape your notice ? Since it contains words far more calcu lated ' to mislead the tin-wary' than those of St. Bernard. Perhaps you le,t these pass, because you did not want to biing their author, St. Augustine, on. the board. These are St. Augustine's words in the/lesson I ulludo to: — ' Per i'eminam more, per feminam vila ; per Evain inteiitus, per Mariam salus.' — Anglicised thus : ' By a woman death, by. a -woman Ivies;' by Eve damnation, by Mary, Salvation.' Compare these words with St. Bernard's. St. Bernard, at most, could only appear to make .Iho Blessed Virgin' Coredemp tress with Christ ; whereas, St. Augustine makes her do the whole business herself, if- Ins ? Avords must be taken in their most restricted signification. '- But ..who could, fail to see at a glance'what both Poctors are teaching — namely, that as Eve was the, instrument employed by Satan to bring ' death' and ' damnation V into the world ; so Mary was the instrument employed 'by God to bring into the world Him who brought it ' life ' aruL ' salvation.' But one who is bent on misrepresentation would, instead of looking at thcBe passages in their ' true light — argue thus : one 'Bernard Abbot taught idolatry ; but Bernard Abbot is no other than the great St. Bernard : therefore -St. Ber nard taught idolatry ; but ' St. Augustine went farther -iu the idolatry line than even St. Bernard ; therefore St. Augustine, who lived, and preached, and wrote in an age when even Piotestants adnrt the Church' was freo from error — preached and wrote rank idolatry. Let no one hear you arguing in thierstrain, rev. Sir, unless .you wished to bo laughed at. I am sorry to say you. ha-0Jniadc a regular 'mess' of the extracts from the' 'Glories of Mary.' The words jou ascribo to St. Ariiaud are thode of St. ^Arnold, and are not quoted correctly. The beautiful illustration of Albertus Magnus, where he draws the oompaiisoii between the influence of the Blessed Virgin with God, 'and Esther with King Assuerus, h deprived of all its beauty by the way you extracted it. The words which you say, parenthetically, 'are Liguori's own,' are not St. Liguori's at all, but St. Anselm's, and are quoted incorrectly. You ought to supply your solf with'that excellent' little book, the ''Glories of 'Mary ; '' it might be the means of inspiring you.iwith duo i-ospecl? f-or the Blessed Virgin. It -was Wfc composed by Sl.-Liguori at all, so you need not: be afraid of it.' All Sfc. Liguori's own words thiit arc in it might 'be compressed into a dozen pnges.^ He only compiled it out of passages from the writings of 'all the 'Fathers and Doctois of Uie'Churehjifrom. Apostplic times down lo hib own d'ayi ? You will find no hesitancy with them in calling Mary by liof 'proper titles. In their zeal to1 excite in Others their own devotion to the Mother1 of God, they sometimes used phiases which may appear' to you hyperbolical; but T have pointed out to you'in 'tins letter how j ou ,u o to .gaiige their ' true ^meaning. Theio were no Protestants when they spoke and wrote, hence, there was no one to misunderstand or miivpie sent them. Here are a f ew ' e vt i act s, ' fiom some of your' own Doctors, to w nid up with — Thorndiko says: 'All the Fathers of bolli Ihe Greek and Latin churches hue ^po1 en oi the Saints,. and desired their ascisl nice. To dispute ?whether weave to honour tho S-unt-- ov not, vu ie to 'dispute whethevwe are to be Chi uli m-,. An 1 whether he be religious or cvml, nothing but (lie equivocation 'of Avord* can in ike c!i put iblp ' ' I grant/' says Montigue, Bi-hop ot Non. uh, ' that) 'Cluibt is n.ot wronged in hn llodiMum. It is no impioty to ^av ' Jloh }1-\\\ pi.i- lor mo ;' 'IJoly Pci»v piuv for v'w ' \ud Liithei, ?who well know iho return of (he Uliunh, say :-— ' I allow, with the whole Church, and believo that Iho a:-.int:j in Heaven should, be invoked.' i!ut 1. am forgetting that you say ;you don't care a :,traw for what Martin Luther or anybody ek,e says. -Tieo treat ment, rev. Sir, for po:.-- Muraii, lifter tho lacera tion of- niiisd no h:.ui Lo endure i;i turnin? his back on the true fold, in order to start a freo' and rasy estttbJ'Mhmi'sifc for 'rou, in wliich ho l-jft you nothing to ' defend,' and henco if you employ yourself at all, you have to go on the 'offensive.' 'Tis an ungrateful world. But to conclude, Dr. Parr says : — ' I am pained by tho outrageous in vectives that arc thrown out against the Church i-E Rome ; and T must further confess, that they iippear to me not; only unjust, but oven inhuman. ] hope to find a bettor way of showing myself either worthy to live or fit to die within tho pale of the Church of England, than by insulting Roman Catholics, with opprobrious imputations of superstition and idolatry.' I am, rev. Sir, yours, &c;, P. 11. Da-verm-. ; Carcour, 11th September. ? ;? 