THE SECRET OF THE WHITE CHEST. [From -All the Year Jlound.~\ It was just the house I wanted. In size and situation it suited me exactly, as the phrase goes, literally down to the ground. lacing Hyde Park, and placed back from the high road, with nothing in front of it but the broad strip of garden belonging to the terrace on -which it stood, and the open stretch of turf and trees, it was the very abode for a London season. Its rent, too, was extremely moderate; it was in sound repair; drainage without a flaw; fixtures, furniture, and decora tions in the best taste ; the owner only desiring to let it occasionally, because he went away from town each spring. Why then did I hesitate to take it F W by did everybody hesi tate to take it? For the last seven years or more it had never been let. All the house agents at the West End had it in hand one after another. The terms had been reduced each season that it came into the market, and still there was no finding a tenant for it. Everybody who went over the house were charmed with it. The entrance being in the rear, all the best rooms had a delightful southern aspect; and going up from floor to floor on their first visit of inspection everybody got more delighted the higher they got. The apartments increased in cheerful ness, if not in size, the outlook from the windows became more extensive and airy, while, when one reached the top storey, and ascended by a narrow stair on to a leaded flat roof, with a high balustrade running round it, the view was, as the house agent expressed it, " quite unique." Nevertheless, everybody having reached the roof, and having looked round for a minute or two, descended with a firm determination not to take the house. Now what was the reason ? It was not haunted, no ghosts had ever been seen or mysterious noises heard—such things were never hinted at. There was nothing about it in appearance like the gloomy forbidding mansion in Seven Square, concerning which so many queer stories are told, and which, like the house in question, no one will take. No, it was the very reverse in all respects of that long (and still) untenanted abode. I had heard the rumours about the Hyde Park House often when I had been in London, and my curiosity had always been piqued, so that now, when I wanted just such a house for the season, I determined to go and look at it for myself. Finding all satisfactory and just as I expected from bottom to top, I was stepping out on the roof with Mr. Crumble, the agent, and was saying to him— " Well, I can't conceive why people won't live here," when my eye fell upon a curious object erected upon the leads at the rear and surrounded by a high railing. It looked like a huge skylight or glass lantern, about ten feet -long, three high, and three broad. But instead of forming a light for a staircase or room beneath, it seemed to have been built for the pur pose of covering another curious ob ject, which, occupying nearly the whole of the space under the glass, was plainly visible through it. This was a long white box, resembling a seaman's chest more than anything, only much larger. It rested upon four legs or feet, which raised it about a foot from the flat surface of the roof. It was painted a creamy white, and varnished, and apparently not being intended to open any more than its glass covering, had no hinges or lock to its top or lid. "What the deuce is that ?" said I to Mr. Crumble., "Ah!" replied that functionary, with an odd expression in his face, " that's it, sir!" " What's it, pray ?" " Why, the secret, sir." "The secret? How iB it a secret? What do you mean ?" "Well, sir, what it is, what it's meant for, what's inside of it." " Don't you know ?" " No, sir." " Doesn't any one know ?" " I suppose somebody does, sir, but we don't; we are forbidden to inquire, or to attempt to find out; if we knew we should be able to let the house perhaps." " How long has it been there ?" " A long while, I believe, sir—ten or twelve years. Before my time." " But who put it up ?" "Well, Mr. Gayling, we suppose; nobody seems to know exactly when it first appeared there." "But the servants," I protested; " they must know." " Oh! I have heard there were none in the house at time; they were all dismissed just before it was put up. Mr. Gayliu g never keeps many ser vants, sometimes none. Nobody lives in the house when he's away, but he always leaves the keys with us. He is always changing his servants, Mr. Gayling is; I have often heard him say that he likes new brooms." " What is he or what was he ? " " A gentleman in the naval line, I believe, sir; they are rather rum'uns, I'm told." " Humph!" I said; " very odd. But do you mean to tell me that nobody will live here because they don't know what's in that box ? " " That is partly the reason, sir." " Absurd!" I was going on, when the man continued: " But there is a clause in the agree ment about it; that's what does it, sir." " Explain," I said. " Well, sir, here is the clause," and he produced the document; "perhaps you would like to read it for your self?" Thus it rati: " And in taking the house at the rental and for the terms specified above, I hereby solemnly pledge my oath never directly or indirectly, through my own agcncy or that of others to attempt to meddle with or disturb the white chest under the glass case on the roof, or to seek in any way to discover for what purpose it has been placed there and what it contains; and I further guarantee that no person in my employ, nor any one entering the house during. my tenancy thereof, shall make any such attempt, and I hereby undertake that in the event of their being detected in doing so, or my doing so, to forfeit the sum of £1,000, and in accordance with this agreement have, in proper legal form, lodged the said sum with the bankers of Thomas Gayling, the lessor, as a guarantee of my good faith." " But for that clause," went on the agent, as I finished reading it, with some surprise, "we should have no difficulty in letting the house." "Pray, is'the owner out of his mind ? " I asked in a minute. " Not that I am aware of, sir ; he is a very pleasant, affable gentleman, Mr. Gayling is, only as I say a little rum on some points ; nothing will in duce him to strike out that clause, for instance. Lor' bless you, sir, parties never entertain it for a moment; when they come to that part of the business, they drop it like a hot potato." "Humph!" said I again, "it's queer, certainly, but I don't see why one shouldn't acquiesce; it doesn't matter a rap to me what's inside the chest, I should never want to meddle with or disturb it, and I'd take very good care no one else did; I would padlock the trapdoor on the roof, and that would settle that. Ah I" I con tinued, after walking round the struc ture and looking about me a bit— "Ah! I see; precautions have been taken to prevent any access to this roof from others on either side, by this iron chevauz-de- frise; yes, no one can get over this. "Well, it's an odd freak, but I am not sure that I am going to be baulked by it; I'll think about it, Mr. Crumble." And the result of my thinking was that I signed the agreement two days afterwards, having conformed to this peculiar stipulation regarding the de posit. I had no fear of losing the thousand pounds ; the interest on it was a mere addition to the rent, and the house was so exactly what I wanted thatitwould even then be cheap to me, with my large family of mother less children. Nevertheless, I do not deny that after all was signed, sealed, and settled, I was conscious of a lurking curiosity" and suspicion regarding that mysterious erection. "What could it be ? What could it contain? I was con stantly saying to myself. "What strange freak could possess the man to take such strong measures to guard against any penetration into the secret. It was no business of mine after all. My Parliamentary duties would be too urgent, I hoped, to let me dwell upon much else; so I would dismiss it, and beyond putting a padlock on the trap door of the roof as threatened, I took no measure to prevent any of my house hold indnlgtug in speculations. I at least would not direct attention to the matter, as Mr. Grayling did, and con tented my family and domestics by saying that I didn't consider it safe for people to go on the roof. How, in spite of my resolution, I found myself perpetually recurring to the strange chest. For the sake of quiet and air, I had appropriated the two large back and front rooms at the top of the house for my bedroom and study, and thus slept every night just beneath the white chest. Before I had been in the house a month it began to act as as a nightmare on me, an incubus I could not shake off. I was oppressed and depressed by it, in a way quite unaccountable. I was puzzled at it myself. I could not have beh'eved four weeks before that I could ever have become so affected by sueh contemptible restlessness, disquiet, and distrust. These feelingsatlast reached such a pitch that I finally changed my bedroom. I wouldnot sleepany longer directly underneath this accursed mys terious fabrie. Another month passed, during which more than once I was tempted to go secretly on the roof and look at the thing again; there was no harm in that, that was not forbidden in the bond, and I need hardly say I saw nothing to provoke any new comment. About a week after my last visit to the roof a lengthy debate kept me late at the House of Commons, and walk ing home for the sake of fresh air X found the midsummer dawn breaking as I struck into Park-lane. Beaching Oxford-street I was startled by observ ing in the western sky a strong light not due to reflected sunrise. At the moment I saw it a fire-engine passed me at full speed, and presently the first sign of the commotion which a conflagration causes in the streets became evident. No man undergoes this experience, when he has been away from home many hourj, and sees the red glare rising in the direction of his own house, without a pang of anxiety, if not of terror. How well founded was this sensation in the present case was made evident ere I had walked another 200 yards. Yes, merciful powers! It was my house that was on fire! I can scarcely record what followed; I only know that somehow I found myself in the midst of the police and firemen; that I explained to the superintendent who I was, and that under his escort I soon ascertained that all the inmates of my house, my children, their governess, and the servants, were in safety, and had been taken into a neighbour's at the rear ; that, as soon as I found this to be the case, I, accompanied still by the superintendent, mounted to the top of an adjacent residence, whence the firemen were directing the hose upon the flames. (To be concluded in our next). 