REVIEWS. Poems and Ballads by Heinrich Heine, done into English lent, bl liiioDOKB MuitiN, CB Blackwood and isms lo78 '11 e most gnceful of modern Tnglish mon of lelteis his ju t gncn to he wo Id a lolume oí the poems a id bnllicU 01 Heinrich Heine done into Lnglihieic J i» i not uiplei«iug lllustiation of the nouv of ?fa1 c un the mo ti ibid anti Tug ish man epgenius of +hi e lalei tin-« ho din o the bouillîmes of Ins tillie oiei men s so ii enlaigcd bv ono of the pcoplo who ii he IC<M tied with life lo g uimcisui ed hostility uch is the i to of Ii tullich Heine lie ictually »aw but .tittle of the ] i cli h people 11 on)} spent in all J mr mo itl s of hi-, liTo in Lnrlaud bu<" it, ii..s i jeuo 1 sitiocnth lonn to ins| in lum will an aieision williwa i eve icmovel, and but si_li ti > dimini bed li ei were 1 n month , too of uosimpled hi tone i ltei t lor thev conlan ed t«io c^cep íoinllj bulla * ¡ni 1 o C uiiii^s Piemiciship Herne carne to Loi Ion will in a 1 v d iv of tho beginning of tint event md he left it for ever o i ti ed tv ol fannings neath. T oi Cn nmg llano conceived i id ey pre ed a lou idle s l'ut uion bil his bitlei indignation wisptovolcd bl the suece ses of the Dtlcof "Wcl lington ol whom ho alun s spolevvitli a Bviomcil hatred »lui conto nit lha btuh a man should be bucee ful ii times m which as ho sivs, 'a Pompiite md a Ci mint had sunk' ivis too much ior him A» of Wellington, so of Engh li society, ot Pirlnme it in gov eminent of em! md ir>hc cus hbe ty of n o t ot oin mat lution he saw little to idm le not much to lcie-encc and i othins; it all to love liue he thought tlie speeches ol tlie llou e oí Com îoiio m some respects vvoiLhv of ad nmlion bv vvav ol confia t to die btulled b ott ng pip") spte his of Gci nan Climber Lut ho ivis oienvhchied wuhth co o sal dulness, the nst um foi mi v the mech iiucal moicmeiit, oí London Vud is he hid hied m 1 ng and alone oppiessed willi iiMctic iv i hout »i mpat 1} and not abundantly sup pied with lioney, his tav was umaentl> «ad and his lememb anees nae necossanly me'iucholj Ho could have haidlj anticipated that liiicountiy which he rcgaidcd so uni nulli, his geniUo lías destined to lind one of its most apprccn'ivo admiréis, and his fime to gun in intioduction through i kiaeoful íuteipretei to thousinds who would have Inown httlo oi nothing of him without such assibtance ilr Mai tin s i olunie cont uns as he points out trmshtions of all the songs and ballads in the "Book ot '-.oiigs ' which .in £nLlish reader* would cue ibout pos e sing ^ome ot them hue iiieadv appeared in Blaclwood's Magazine the rest aie now published for the first tuie Spelling of tho " Book of Songs ' xa his preface Mr 3VI irtin says - "There are few whoso eipoiicnce is either so whollv hnp|Jj oi so wholh sad that they will not lind in these an echo of some of the deepest emotions the} have known - few so deadened to tbn charm ot exquisite faucies clothed in exquisite language thai thei vnll not willinBlj surrender themselves to bo sv- av ed it w 11 bv thee consummate speci- mens of tho poet s so potent art ' Most of the h ncs m the ' Boo' of ¡sont,s ' need no other mu ic than their own NP eitheless many of Hiern Ima bcon wedded to melodic not unvvoi thy of their beauty bi the genius of Schubeit, Mendelssohn, Schuman and others lhus thou fascina- tion has been m some de"ico heichtcned for those vhose loi oof musii is equal to their love of po°tn, md ij. this wai aloo they haï o been made anuliai to i public whom the) »lieht not have otherv isehuvoieuchcd " Hcmr ch Heine was a Fienchinnn m eve thing but the accicioni of birth r His love foi liance was stiong m his soul, when, to use his own phiase, his ' f une slept as jet m the miible quaines ot Curara Of his childish and boi i h mentones ho his babbled with i musical tenderness which touches all hearts He has cushiined in the most afte ling memorials image1" of youth, of ige, of sacrifice, ot sw eotnes , o that one wonders why i childhood so «oiene, so full of trinqiul hippmess, should hue been the prologii" to such a dreidtul phj ot passion and dis ippomtment ind anguish He spciî s of h s nurse with a mournful tenderness " I he devout Uisula, who cm led mo in hei nins when I vas a child, and who lies buried m Dua eldoif r til a loa" bush glowing on her graie, she is so foi d of the odoui of roses while she In ed, md hoi hou t was ill ittai ot loses md loi e, ' and of t, j ot ng gul whom he loved is a little child, and of whom he sayb "Aftei 1 hil loo! ed it hei foi a time I felt calm and pure, I felt as though it were Lundi} in ni) lient, i ui angels w ithin it w ero offering adoration to God " lu o he midst of this peaceful (saintly Me of child- hood c me the annies ot nctoiious Pi mci The quiet C ci mars i vole one moin ng m Dusseldorf, and wcie Ooing io say to then giacious old fitheil Elettoi, Good morning, Pipa,' is in tho^e punntne lojal di)si ltn familj lelitions beLweeii stn 11 Pnucos and smill peoples thei had been accustomed to do, ii hen it ivis found out that "pipa had leit his chi'dien, had abdicated, md that a new Grand Duke Joachim (Murat) was about to haie tint ion d17 homigo undorcd to him at the Town Hill Heine w is si\ ye 1rs old when this historical event took place He wio elei on when he w is tiansfoiraed into a Pi ench- inan by the actual conten p'atiou of Napoleon Iho enti} of the coaqucioi into Dussoldoii was one of the g oit events of the poets lite The quivering sensi bilitj to oïteinil impie3Sions-the influence of this impel ouation oi the giandem and up to that time of the unchecked supremacy ot genius, upon the chill's mind wo gather fiom the most e^quent passage m which he describes the procession ox ti 0 entiy - " But now felt I when I siw iirst him-Hosumnk the is. a sei -with mv own most highly blessed ces It hap- pened t\cn m tho avenue of the castlc0ardeu ut Dusseldoit Aslp" iel throu"h the ¡,ipmg speclato 3, I tLoughton the dcoJb and bitt es 1 Inch Mons ear le Grind, tho drum- mer, had told mo ot, und mi heut be t quick march , and t'i"ii 1 thought at the same tune of the police noll e, tint all ruin down tue avenue w is ioioieikn on pam of five thule fine And the Emicioi with his staü iodo right do m iLo nudul" of the avenue The quivering tices bent covvn 1- 1 0 cai 10 by, the sunbe-ms tiembled cuuouslv tea lui tin011 f h the "leeniol e,o and m the blue heaven abov0 him Hoitc I y sul) a (.olden stai i) o E1110 rorworo hisv eil woui -,rccu uni or 11 md his woild- insioiic httlo h a Ho 10 le a 1 nuo ho so and his hoi c moved alonfi in sucha quiet p oud si ie dislmpuiihelwai thalif I had then 0 eu thi Ci ovv u Prince of Prussi 11 should hal c cm 10c1 that hoist The Lmpeioi at in u nec.hi.ent w 11 al no han - nu the tac lund held the bl idle, the ot ici pitted g od nu louiolli the neck ot his hoi se It was a sunnv unible h mu-1 might} hind-one of the two hinds which had bound down tie mun headed monster 01 Anirchy, md 1 landed the due's 0 uittens and ltpitted good huiuoui edh ti e noel of lu hoi e His conn en mee hid the sa ne cole ui that v e seo on Gieek und Ho nan marble heads ti 0 lui pnnts ot the same were also as nobly cutns those of the o'd shiti cs, mi 1 on his face was wnti J "lhoushilt edorc no ot'ici -, ins but m ' a. smile 1 hi h w ii mod and ti mqm li do ei} ho it hovered ovei his Ups undi et ive 1 now 11 those lips hid onl} to whistle, et la JT'IU « M'tjtitait t)lttb thoo lips had only t.) vvmstle and the p 1 stno li ad nut, its Ji st bell thoso lips hid oui} 10 1 11 1" md (ho whole lnlv Iiomau Lmpi'e wou'd be set d ic n0 nd the hp.> 1 uighcd and th cv PS 1 uighed It w '?anojC ¡ci us he /cn it could leid in the heaits «f mon i nd m a ^liice the wLc^ thu-,s ot the woild, while veo w~ car 011I se them one by 01 e ano then onlj liiohiJovv ho bio v was not quto cleir the spin s of fi turo b itlles wcioeiowded thoie ml theiewejt iquiver ovci the biow mm time t > time, and that was a thoJClit ot ci t on one r" thoso seven le 1 ucl boat thou.,his with win le the spin of the Empr or mv sib'y hestiodo tho wo 11 uni 11 olmo cierv one of those ti ouahts would hive "nea a Ga man author enough stuii to iviite about 101 a 1 hoi" lite " Ihe iyai°ei rode quietlvthioujrh the avenue no pol ce- ní 11 steppe 1 his w ty Behind bun on suorimc steeds, and suit v ith ^old md jewels, iode his «tail the drums lo'lcd o t tho trumpets clunked and the popio cried with u thousand 1 oicc , ' Lou" lue the Emperoi ' ' " It mai bo sud tha* Herne suricnderod his nation- ally io the soicioignty of genius The subsequent *" Thoso who are familiar with the bool s of the author of the ' "vVaueicicr," the "Euls Keturn," "Lucille," and "Clytemnestra," will iecogni-e much that is Keracsquu m lus v ork He vi ts, indeed, a Pall "Mi'l Heine V» hut c in bo moro like the tone una bpint ot munv ol these po"iiii> and balli ds, translated by Mi Mm tin, th m. s i h piece- us " Bibxloniu," " S p-«i y ," " Au\ Italiens ' i aud ' M ida no la Mircruu-e" But what ai nv lui and ] s-nifieaut difleierce in the national leiogmtion ot the ¿emu ot the two woikmeu Hie G mian die-j m ex- hi m Pans i j u two pur-back m the Uued' Vinsterdai)), nd tho E ghsbmui becomes the Goieinor-Genc ii of our lud m i Lmnne _wo rentirnes aud ti h u* n o Lngland sent . poet into exile who had manj Home chine tciisties Ho was, liiwc cr, oneot tho^e tortan tto geniuses to whom is I f,i »n the ti u-to-j of all poweis-poet, wutor, wit, mun of st)'arehd tortu io, and eui ivired tasle-i He found Pans ii id | i s soeio'v in tho middle ot the seventeenth centur,, nveiv i tol'rabnpl c" of banishmert lhero was the true Heine j llivoui m the lines o-i a gi-lls- ( ' Giv e mc but w h it this riband bound, I uko a 1 the rest, the sun goes round " I and m ti e " -polog " ( i voi-v necessai v erne in his case), ' foi h ymg loved brlore " But Mr Ldimmd Waller w is, | m ¡mit? of his sehohrshm und his high positioa and his- J IT, al f i endship, a v ery mfonoi m m to the afflicted. « Bohemian ot Dusseldorf uid Paris f T "\r rLic-s pronounced him the wittiest rrerelunam ?. Since % oltuio misfortunes of Napoleon-'liis headlong fall, his exile only affected the boy xvith a sorrow xvhich mado the life of the great soldier moro captivating. Of ¡his desire to go to a University that remained for some timo ungratifird, first because of tho poverty of his parents ; and second, because of his Jewish faith, xvhich at that time closed all cnreers to a Gorman; of his commercial education at Frankfort nnd Ham bin g-of his satire of Hamburg ns the native city of hung beef-of xvhich fact it is as proud as Maycnco is ol John Faust, or Eisloben of Luther-the readers of StigciuVs Life of Heine may obtain full particulars. Eut in the life of a poet, the place1 where he first loves and fails to be loved is a conse- crated spot. There is about the love affair all tho i haziness which hangs cloud-like over the early lovo3 of poets. All that seems really to be known about the ¡ lady is that she was young, pretty, and a dirt; that she jilted Heine, and mart ¡ed a ¡uanoi' fortune. In Ptigend's lit'?> he says the whole story is told in the song of which ho gives a translation at p. 5'J, vol. l,of his biography of Heine. Mr. Theodore .lartin's °x quisite vei'siou is in these words : " A younjr man Iovo3 it minden, She somebody els" pi eicrs ; That somebody else loves another, Who makes lum by wedlock hers. " The maiden in mere vexation, Because of the loss .she has had, Weds the first kind sou! that offers, And this niuke-i the young mun mad. " 'Tis nn old, a very old stoiy, But still it is always new ; And xvhen and wherever it happens ' A mini's hcait is broken in two." At nineteen yenrs of age ho was sent to the University of Bonn, and afterwards to that of Güttingcn, the ex- penses of his education having boon defrayed by his uncle, a Jew banker of Hamburg. This was done by the uncle, on the understanding that Heine was to devote himself to the study of law, take the degree Doctor utriusqve jw is, and then practise as an advocate in Hamburg. This involved, among othor sacrifices, the necessity of his ab.indonient of the Jewish faith and his adoption of Christianity. From the moment of this solemn act to the close of his life lie xvas the xrictim of a certain melancholy xvhich xvas deeper and darker than that xvhich bprang from disappointed hopes, from poverty, and from the acutest form of bodily suffering, lie seems to have had perpetually befoio his eyes the sad image of his treason to his people; their history of suffering, of persecution, of xvandering over the xvide world, seeking peace and failing to find it, presented itself before him xvith a terrible vividness xvhich ho could barely havo realised but for his oxvn perfidy-the reproachful eyes of the august figures of his race-the great ruling and sustaining spirits of the Jewish people were fixed, as it seemed to him, upon the traitor xx-ho had so dis- honoured his faith. He heartily despised himself, and yearned towards the afflicted peoples whom ho had left. Long after his conversion he wrote to a learned Jew eorrospondent of former and happier days : " I remember me that the psalm, ' We sat by the waters of Babel, &c.;, was then your favourite, and that you recited it so beautifully, so nobly, so touchingly, that I would fain xveep now and not alone over the psalm ; " and speak- ing of some old Jews, whose purity and fidelity secmod to reproach him so young, so full of genius, and so false to his convictions, he says with an anguish surely about as affecting as anything in the whole range of human suffering, " lam glad that old Friedlander and Çarclarvill are old and will soon die, for wo are sure of them ; and tho reproach cannot be cast upon our time that it can point to no one single man of blameless life. Pardon me this ill-humour, for it is directed against myself. I often get up in the night and stand before the glass and curse myself." And again he says ho is troubled at night with thoughts about what sort of face a friend of rare culture who had also abandoned Judaism could appear with before Mojes, if the latter should return suddenly to this world ; " for Muses," ¡ he says, " is after all the greatest jurist who has ever j appeared in this world, since his legislation remains even to the present day." And agaui, he writes, " How deep-based is the mythus of the everlasting j Jew. The mother relates to her clüldren, the awful 1 legend in her cabin in some quiet nook in a forest. The little ones press themselves close to the hearth, since night is then out of doors ; the post-horn sounds, and j Jewish pedlars go by to the fair at Leipsic. We xvho aro tho heroes of this tale know it not." He had given it all up-his convictions, the sorrowful history of his people, the heart-subduing traditions, now dearer and more unspeakably precious than ever for that certificate of baptism which he bitterly defined as a card of admission to European culture. Tlie shadow, the gloom of his remorse is on everything ho wrote. In songs and literary criticisms, in essays, philosophical and historical, in correspondence, in the brightest and gayest intercourse, the ghosts of old times, and sunniest days, xvero xvith him. And they play a largo part in this book of " Tooms and Ballads." Tie cherished the idea of a certain exclusive German property in ghosts-ii xvas one of his fexv beliefs in his own country-,-and xvould not believe in the existence of French ghosts. The French xvere in his judgment too gay for a ghostly people. Speaking of the ghost element of Arnim's novel, he says, address- ing the French, " If you were to search the Morgue, the Cou»- des Miracles, and all the plague pits of the middle age3, you could not get together so goodly a company as that xvhich is to be found on our stage and in one of Arnim's novels. You French must see from this that the horrible is not your province, and that France is no fit ground for ghosts of that kind. When you call tip-111 ghosts xve must needs smile. Yes, we Germans, who can remain sorious nt your most pleasant witticisms, we laugh all the more heartily at your ghost stories. For your ghosts are all always Frenchmen, and Piench ghosts ! What a contradiction in xvords. In the xvord " ghost " there is such an idea of loneliness, stillness, Germanishness, and silence; and in the xvord " French " thero is so much that is social, plea- sant French, and prattling. How could a Frenchman be a ghost, or how could ghosts exist in Paris ?" Heine, on the contrary, seemed to live in a spiritually peopled world, and to have a large number of dead friends and acquaintances xvith whom he preserved just as kindly a relationship as if he occasionally breakfasted or dined xvith them. His songs abound xvith illustrations of the powerlessness of death when it lights with love-of the dead coming back to pardon -to pity, to reprove, to xvarn. Thus in that exquisite song: " Sleep, and in peace ? How can'st thou ? And kuoiv I am still alive." Ile reminds the cruel loved one-the *' beauty too fair to see " " How once a youth that was dead At midnight drew his sweetheart Down, down to his churchyard bed." And in that weird ballad " The îrirl is asleep in her chamber, The moon looks quivering in." he decribes the musician xvho is serenading the heartless young lady with soft waltz music beneath her windows, and luring her to the ballroom. She looks out to see. who troubles her rest below ; and it is only her old jilted lover-now a skeleton-who fiddles and sings, as he jerks his bow " Once you promised to dance as my partner, You bioko x our word ; and to-day There's a ball goinjr on in the churchyard, We'll dance it out there, comoaxvuy !'" And she goes to the party, preceded by her ghostly musician, who strides on singing and fiddling : " It fiddles and skips and cuts capers, Clap ! clap ! ! go its bejnos, awl its skull Keeps gruesotnely nodding and nodding In the eerie moonshine dull." But perhaps most of all in tho ballad in xvhich the pastor's widow sits reading in the Old Bible, xvith her I unkind, insensible children, about her, wearying of the 1 simplicity and poverty and loneliness of the old home with the daughters threatening flight, and the sons medüating dishonour, xvhen " They hear a knock at the window, They uro 'waie of a beckoning hand, Outside they see the dead father In his preacher's black cassock stand." . Mr. Martin's rendering of this piece is .yTcfctliy of a full quotation. It is as follows : " The waning autumn moon looks Through CIOIUIB that uro o'er it Mown ; The pastoi's house, by the churçliyard, Stands silent and alone. " The mother is reading the Bible., Staring into the lamp is tho 8'on; One daughter sleepily stretches.» Herself ; says the younger «ao : u How drearily, drearily fellows^ I One day on another, oh mo l¿ ..,'": ' 'Tî?.only' when 80ffle ono i* buried, There's anything here to see. " Says the mother, as she sits reading ; ' You're wrong ; onlv four have"diea Sinco the day they buii'od your father By tho lych-gate, there" outside.' " Savs the elder daughter, yawning :, Ti'ií tWon't s° on Síllrvi'ií?- with you ; 111 be off to tho Count to-morrow, He's rich, and he loves nie to» ! ' " ' At the Crown are three jolly fellows-,» Cries tho son, with a hiujrh, «und thev fc-now how to make gold bv the handful They'll readily teach ino tho way ! ' The mother she flings the Bible Full into his haggard face ; * So you mean to turn robber, accursed Of God and of all your race.' " ii!!lRy ^car n ltnock at tne window, They are 'ware of a beckoning hand : Outside they see tho dead iuther in his preacher's black cassock stand." Nothing of this kind in our literature is as pathetic, save, perhaps, somo of tho Scottish ballads. Heine would havo levelled in the picture of Marjorie, in tho old ballad of « Willie's Ghost," following her dead and faithless lover to the grave to give kim baclî his troth; "My home it ¡9 a lonesome grave. Afar out owcr yon Ion, ' And its but my spirit, Marjorie, That's speaking now to thee. ! But she hnskiltit her robes o' green A pieco below her knee, And it' the live-long winter nicht The deid corpse followed she"-. or in the love of the maiden in " Clerk Saunders," whe goes down into the grave of her lover, and asks " Is there ony room at your head, Saunders? Is there ony room at your feet ? Or ony room at your side, Saunders, Where fain, fuin I wud'sleep?" or in that saddest of all pieces of Scotch minstrelsy. " lavish I were where Helen lies ! Xight and day on me she cries ! Oh ! that I weie where Helen lies, On fair Kirkconnell loo! " Perhaps however, the pieco in all the ballad poetry of Scotland witli the truest Heine flavour is the " Wife of Usher's Well," xvhere the three stout and stalwurt sons of the xvidoiv come home to her from out of tha depths of the sea, and sleep as if they were living men for .no night in their mother's house. " It fell about the M.attimuas, When nights are long and mirk. The carline wife's three sons cara' hame, And their huts were o' the birk. It neither grew in dyke nor ditch, Nor yet in any sleuek ; But at the gates o' Paradise, That birk grew fair enough." In one of his books there is a startling passage prophetically pourtraying what has since taken pla"e between Germany and France. It is a warning to France of its perils from Germany-clear, affec- tionate, precise. If it had been" written after " Sedan " it could not bo more accurate. It is a mar- vellous example of tho clear-sightedness of true genius. To what diplomatist, or great captain, or statesman was ii given to see what this poet saw loom- ing through the years, and xvhich was to come to pass long after his own heart had ceased lo beat. He was pohiling out the inevitable revolution in Germany-r the political naturally succeeding the philosophical revolution-and his warning to France xvas on all grounds to keep out of the way of Germany at that time ; to keep quiet, and not even to indulge in applause of the movement, lest sympathy might bo misunderstood. '"Take care," he said, " I have kindly feelings for you." " Take care ! I have kindly feelings for you, and there- fore 1 tell you the bitter truth. You have more to fear flinn liber.ue'd Germany than from the whole Holy Alliance together w iib all the Cs-onts and Cossacks. For in the first pi ice you nre not beloved in Germany, which is almost in- conceivable, since you are so amiable and have given your- selves io much trouble to please, r.t least, the best and fail est huit' of the German nation. And if you were belov ed by this half, that half is tho one which curries no anns and whose friendship therefore is of little sei vice to j'ou. What it is they accuse yon of I have never properly been able to understand. Once, in a beer cellar ut Góttingon, a young old-Gorman declared that revenge must be taken on the French for the death of Conradin of Ilohcu stuuflen, whom you beheaded at -Capíes iu the thirteenth century'. That, no doubt, you have long forgotten. We, however, forgot nothing. You seo, whenever xvo feel a dcsiio to como to blows with you, tbero never will be a lack of urgent reasons. In any" ease, I recommend you to be upon your guard. Let what xvill happen in Oermany, let the Crown Prince of Pi ussia or the Doctor Worth ¡rot the uppc-hand, keep yoiusolvos ever prepared; leniain ever at your posts, arms in hand. I have triendly feelings to- wards you, 'and it frightened me xvhen I lately heard that your MinUteis had the intention of disarming Frsnco. *' Since you, in spite of your present fancy for Komantic ism, are born Classicists-you know what Olympus is. Among the naked gods and goddesses who there make merry over nectar und ambrosia, you see a goddess, who although surrounded by such levity and niiixh yet always wears her cuirass, and keeps her helmet on her head and her spear in her hnud. " This is the goddess of wisdom." France did not take care, and was not prepared, and her humiliation preceded the revolution which is now menacing Germany ; and which, if Heine's anticipa- tions should prove to bo true, xvill be a drama in com- parison xvith which the French Revolution will have boen only a harmless IdyD. Of his life, and slow agonizing death in Paris, of his tortures so intense, borne -with such a touivhing resig- nation, toe second volume of Stigand's Biography con- tains full particulars. Hoxvever mocking and «rever- ential his sallies of wit, there was a beautiful teaching of submission, of patience, and of tenderness from that pile of pillows upon xvhich his poor wasted body was laid ( ' the mnttress gr.ave,' as he called it), for years before his release. He" became a changed man-very soft, very loving, and if at ali indignant, only xvith those who would have gloried in his shame. The language in xvhich ho speaks of this change is, naturally enough, very much less edifying that the fact itself, and would be likely to shock extremely serious people by its mingled levity and pathos. In point of fact his confessions, his repentance, his view of his own shortcomings, are all deeply tinged with the rare humour which coloured every action of his life. " When ono lies on one's deathbed one becomes very sensitive and tender- sealed, and would make peace with all the world. I confess it, I have scratched many, billen many, and was no lamb ; but, believe rae, those admired lambs of meekness xvould bear themselves less piously if they possessed the troth and the claws ot the tiger. I can boost that I have seldom made use of those weapons wdu'uh I was boin with. Since I myself have felt the need of the mercy of God, I.have granted an amnesty fo all my foes. I Jinny a pretty poem which was addressed to veiy mighty I and 'vary humble persons has on this account not been brought* into the present collection. Poems which con- tained onlv a huit und half sort of way, anything uncom- plimentary about ' den lieben Gott,' have I delivered to the flames with anxious zeal. It is better that the verses bum than the versifier. Yea, even as with the creature, so have I made peace with the Creator, to the great vexation of nil my enliirhtencd friends, who reproach me with having thus backslidcd into the old superstition, as they are pleased to term my return to God. The whole high priesthood of Atheism has spoken its anathema over mo, und those fanatic priests of unbelief would willingly put mo on the rack that I might conless my heresies. Fortunately they havo no other instruments of toiture nt command but their writings. But I will confess all without torture. Yea, I have returned back to God like tho Prodiyal Son after having kept the swine with the Hegelians for some time. Was it ray wretchedness which drove me back ? Perhaps a less miser-able 1 eaton. A sort of heavenly home-sicknets fell upon mes and drcxye me forth, amid forests and gorges, across tho dizzy mountain paths of dialectics." He was, in Shelley's phrase, a " subtle-souled psychologist," though he may not have been a mighty poet; and he had the melancholy experience of perhaps a larger share of moral and physical suffering thau any human eieature. j Many English readers have become familiar xvith j pieces "of Heine's, through various translations, partiell- j larly those of Lord Houghton, and those published ¡ in " Blackwood " from time to time from ^he pen of Mr. Martin, and now »¡published in the vo' time just reviexved. We may be pardoned for closing this brief notice with the quotation of "The Pilgrimage to Kev&ar.; THE PILGRIMAGE TO KEVLA.AK. 1. " The mother stood at the window ; Her son lay in bed, alas ! « Will you not get up. dear William, To see the procession pass.' " ' O mother, 1 am so ailing, I neither can hear nor see : I think of my poor dead Gretcîten, And my heart grows faint in me.'-" -j r . « ' Get up. we will go to Kevlaar ; I Your book and rosary, take; i. ^«JH"1, of Gld wiu heal yo«, , . . - ' | And cure your hear ft of its ache.» »,, " TriSunih J0»»«»'««wavimr, '.'^ 'T! n?r"?,C'hft-nti,n^ a h.vmn divine; . ¡fc Afr"uCollcn,8,h,ltP'°^.s3ion, * * At Collen upou the, Rhine." " Wn«th0 thü0n.g 1'üo motîler ï"Uowa ; Her sou she leads him ; and now! They both of then, sing in To choWS, - Ever honoured,, O Mary, bo tlioui ! {>» Is drest in her richest array ; Many sick folks come to her to-/ ¿y. , "^n,h,er'ir0r-their.votiveoff«mg,, ' , ' W7,10.?u^'"mg sick folk greet ' ' With hmbs that in was aie moulded ' '" ; Many waxen hands and feet. ' ' "And whoso a wax hand offers. . > Ii3 hand is healed of its tore . : And vvhos-o a wax foot offers, ' ' His foot it will pain him ¿0 ,nore- ' " To Kcvlaar wentmany on cruimrn VTio now on the« light-rope 'boim«l And ronny pi ,y now "'" the nddk, ' Had thoie not euc finger soioid J » " The mother she took a wax ta peí . Andofitaheartshemalt/lf" 'G.yeth.1 to the Mother of J-e.:ni8 She will euro theo of all íhy ü.c, " With a sifth her son took the v nix heart He went to the shrino with S . His words from his heart tiic JdeTadlv As ttickle the tears from h i"o/e. " « Thou blest above all that a re blessed Thou vi,},T, uusuotted., ¡¡vT ' I°Ä °f tbB 1^-u'01'" ' Athée I lay all my unguish am ¿ pme. 7 " ' lA?r ?nilh-,u21UOt!lor 4t Cüll<«, At Collen in tho town that is tboro Tim town that has bund n^many ' Ot chapels and churo! JliS fair. " And Gretchen she live« ¿there near us, But now she is dead , weil-a-day I ' O Mary a wax-heart. I bl.in t!l J " Heal thou my hem- f 3 wound) T ¿ray.»»> " Heal thou my heart « ,i jts anguish, Aiidcarlyandlatilvow, ' With its whole stn? agth to pray and to sin* too 'Lvorhonour'u, O Mary, £othou!'»'°ft~ r«. " The suffering; son and his mother In their little b id-chamber slept: Theu the uic/chei-of God carno softly. And close to tie sleepeis crept." " She bent do>«-n»*vw the sick one, And softly b/jr hand did lay On his heurt, vrith a smile so tender. And presently vuuish'd away. " The mofaer sees ull in her iheaininsr. And othor things, too, she murk'd - Then mp from her slumber she waken'd. * bo luadly the town dogs bark'd. " There lay her son, to his full length Stretch'd out, and he was dead . And the light on his pale cheek flitted / Of the morning's dawning ^d, " She folded her hands together, She felt a» she kuevv not how, And softly she sang and devoutly, ' Ever honoui 'd, O Mary, bo thou ! ' " Sport and Work on the Ncpaul Frontier; or, Te On lean Sporting Reminiscences of an Indigo Planter By "Maori." London : Macniillan and Co. Jsowadays, when wo are deluged by book after* book on every subject under heaven, and every nj.anol leisure who makes a three months' journey, art d can string together grammatical sentences, thinks it} nçum bent upon him to write and publish an account «of that journey, it is seldom that ive meet with a » >ook in which abundance of striking incident and pict urcsque reminiscences are dwelt upon with such i rigorous facility of diction as in that just published bv Macmillan and Co., in which " Maori " has pictured his 12 years of life on the frontier of the litt' lo known district of Ncpaul. Nopaul, lying between the g .reat plain of the Ganges and the further Himalayas, and i vaterçdby snow-fed rapid streams running down to the s» ,ered river, is closed to progresa. A protective tariff if ¡ levied on all goods or produce crossing the fraatier from British territory, and np. European 'is allowed to travel iu the country, or to settle and trade there. It is well -wooded and w»ell watered, and -in tho lower valleys aro spier!did stretches of the most fertile land, whose climate .'resembles that of England. Yet dense jungle clothes a vast propor- tion of this fair land, which extends along our terri- tory of Behar for hundreds of miles, and in place of industry and thrift, stagnation ar.d Vistless indolence prevail. Big game, tiger and rhinreoros, the latter having been rigidly preserved "by Jung Bahadoor, the late ruler, aboundhere, and consequently on the frontier are to bo often found. It is " Maori's '" experiences asaa indigo planter, and his sporting adventures in the dis- trict of Chnmparun, on the IsepauiLfrontier, that he re- lates ; and though the author is, as he confesses, " no politician, no learned ethnologist, no sage theorist," he has succeeded entirely in the design he contemplated, that of wilting a chatty, familiar account of Indfan life, for English men and women-a relation which comes to one with tho interest of a long letter fron» an old acquaintance, in which there is not one uninterest- ing sentence. Ko one need fear haying to puzzle wer the meaning of polysyllabled Hindustani words, for those are seldom employed, and when they avs of necessity used, their English synonym is also git/on. The author, Mr. J. Inglis, commenced tis ex- perience as an indigo planter in the Chtvmparun district of the vast province of Behar, and as there was no bungalow at the factory he had to inhabit a littio hut, built on the/ top of the indigo vats. Puttihee, the factory,, occupied a site on tho banks of a beautiful lake. Beyond the few hunt''id acres of land forming the hcane farm, lay the little holdings of tho ryots, or agriculturists, who grow indigo, and the planter seems to hayo exercised feudal sway over all. The system of farming and the planter's duties are cloverly sketched,, and then the growth of the indigo plant is treated of. The manufacture is described so exhaustively yet so concisely that the whole chapter might with advan- tage bo quoted. Indigo is manufacturad solely from the leaf, so the plant is cut while tresh, and green, and tied into bundles. These are packed closely into huge vats and steeped in water until fermentation takes place, which happens in from 10 to 14 hours according to conditions and circumstances, which have to be carefully noted. When it has proceeded' sufficiently the vat is tapped, and the pent up liquor " rushes out in a golden yellow stream, tinted with blue and green, into the beating vat. Beating is now mostly done by machinery, but under the old style was performed by coolies, with long sticks hearing a disc at the end. During this process tho water becomes by a chemical change oxygenized, and turns of aa intense blue tint, while the dye which has soaked out of tho plants in minute particles granulates, and settles to tho bottom in a pulpy sediment. The waste water is run off, the sediment is collected, strained free of dirt, boiled, re-strained, and pressed until a square slab of dark moist indigo is left. This is cut into cakes, stamped, dried, packed, and sent down to Calcutta for sale." Such is the system of indigo manufacture, told1 by "Maori" in singularly graphic and lucid language. Toward the close of the clnroter he writes: " During ma ¡tye *ho factor, is ii busy 6ceue. Long before break ot day the rvot3 and' coolie3 are busy cutting tho plant, leaving it in" green Little heaps for the cartmon trj load. In the early morning ¿he carts are seen converging to, the factory on every road, urewling ulong like hugo green' beetles. Here a cavalcade of twenty or thirty «-arts, tho» in clusters of twos or threes. "When they roach tho tactory ! the loaders have sevcntl vats ready for the reception of tho ' pluut. while othcrR ave taking out the ahwdy steeped plant ¡ ot yesterday ; staggering under its weight, ns dripping ! with water," they toss it on the vast accumulating neap of ' refuse material. j " Down intho vat* "below, the beating coolies aro plashing , and shoutimr and veiling, or the revolving whoel (where mr-chiuerv is used* is seaiterinrr clouds ot sprjy and foam1 ! in the blinding sunshine. The rireuien, stripped to tho I waist, uro teeuiiij, tlie fum'iccs with the dried stems of last vetr's crop, which fornisoiir only fuel. Iho smoko hover in volumes over tli° boilinp:- house. Thepinmenare bus ' sorting their pins, lolling hemp round them to make them t the holes .¡¡ore exactly. Inside the boiling-house, dim' I discernible through the clouds of stifling sum the boilermen are st on with lons: rods, tf 1 ling slowly the boiling mass of bubbling *". The clank oi'the levers resounds through the pressing-W?» or the hoarse trutturai ' bah, hah ! ' ns the hmre lej " strained and pulled at by the presshouse coolies, me straining-tuble is being cleaned by the table ' mate' ium» coolies, while the washerman stamps on his sheeP°tt press-cloths to extract ull the colour from peru, a'«|* «cakehouse bovs run .«»and fro^between thejeuttint81"«1 «nd the cakehonso with batches of cakes on their heads, borne on boards, hko a baker taking his hot rolls from the ovn, or like a busy swarm of ants taking the spoil of tho cronin to then forest haunt Everywhere there is a con- fused jumble of sounds 1 he pi ish ot water the c 1 ink of m chinerv, the or akmp- of wheels, the rORnng of tho furnaces minglo with the shouts, enes, and yells of tho excited co his the vituperations ot the diners usborne temará 01 obstinate built ck pliinetis i ladlv ab mt tie objuigitioiisf of lie 'mates' ns some lu7v tetlow pases h s stroke m the beating vats the ci iel in_ of vv bins is the bullocks t'flr round the cirolo when he Pei ian who«l creaks and i unibles in the dump dlupidited wheelhouso tho dripping buckets levelvm, olunisil} on the duni the nix vmp and depaitmg carts the i cr. or the a ix 1 as (-ne ¿lui] smith mid his mon li mmeiawi a some huge sciew winch h"B been bent tho buri vino: ciow da of cnitmen nnl loader* with their burdens cf fresh croen pi n oi drip.n g refuse,-form such a medlev of sights a id sounds as I have Uiver seen equalled in anv otuei industry " A chapter on dogs give« us a sketch of a Boblery pa"k, of xvhich the most notevvo thy members aie au Australian J an_aroo do" a bull dog '* ^ailor," and "Pincher," an impudent plucky hftlo ten e Of Pincha, " Maori " six "I put him into un indigo xnt with a big dog lucknl unce and ho whipped the iivltl single h UM'ed Ile lid not kill it buthe won led it till th" jail al shammed dei! and would not ' come to tho scr *ch ' 'Pincioi s' em-, vvero pet feet shreds, and ins se is v or" as numeio is almost nshishaus Mx gullabt 'Pincher" His vv s i sad end He got eiten up"bv an alliintor 11 tho 'Dhan« a shi"°-ish. stream in BhaUpulpoie I lind all nix oacl in the boat with me th« stream « i« SA illrn mel full of woods A jack ti gavo tongue on the bank und Pincher'b unded ovei the sido of the bo it n once I tued to ' j.iab' him and nearly upset the b)at in dom,r so Our boat was soma; i ip dly down strc mi and Pincher' tried to ,rot ashoie but rot arnon J the w eeds He _ ive n bail p ior gallant little dog for help, but iust then we snu a du I sqaare snout »hoot atnwm thestieim A hilf-smothered sobbing erv fiom 'Pincher,'mid the bravest little dog I evei possessed was nene for ever " Fisning and poaching in India arc described and we get a little information uotveiynew, auout hereditary i trades, and tins chaptei ends with au exciting account of alligator fishing and shooting One old man cate- I had his home m a tank near Eyseroe and after a few poor women had been seized bv the gnastlj mon ter "Maori " xvas petitioned to dtstrov lum The planter spent a dix in concealment neai the tank, and at ln=t had the satisfaction of sending a Meade shell nuo the saurian s skull ' ' There w as a mighty agitation an the water tho watei - luios rocked to and tro und the br/o id l>nvP3 glittered vi ith the water drops thiown on th°in, then all wis still Healing the report of my gun, tho nativos carne flocking to the «pot, and telhntr them their onemv was slain, I de parted\ leaving instructions to lot me know xvhen the bodv caine to the surface It did so three days latei Getting some ihumurs and domes (two of the lowest castes as none of the higher -ustes will touch a dead bodv und»r pam of losing castol, we hauled the put-id catease to shore and on entlmg it open found th glass trralets e nd brass ornaments of no less than five women, and the silver oma uents )f three children, all m a lump m tho brute's stomach Its skull was completely smashed ana shattered to pieces by my sbot Its teeth were crusted vnth tartar and worn almost to the very btumps It measured 19 feet " Native super titrons aro quaintly hit off, and the cruelty to animals practised bv the Hindoo farmer is re- probated as it deserves The annual race meet forms the subject of a delightful chapter which tells how all the Europeans in the district as embie, and with channing len camaraderie »ottlo themselves down to the business of p tasuie The horses are " Waters,'' or imports from Australia, Aiab3, Cabools and country bieds, and the races are well contested The description i» instinct with the life and joyous excitement of a meeting where exciy one knows every one else, and where everybody rides to x ni Then pig sticking, "the sport par etccUence of India," afioids "Maori" tho opportunity of carrywg you breathless with him on munya breezy, evemtiuJ iun atter "a fighting old gray boil," and after a living sketch of Mehrman Singh, a Nopauloo shel aiTV, he takes you deerstalking Then comes an interv al of leopard hunting, and back wo are can led to village 1 if e, which is pio tnred for us by one who is évidente, r obseivant, and a graduate in the study of human natiurc The bazaar, the lord of the village, the accountant, and the priest, with a do/on other subjects of which XVP seem to see photographs, are introduced to us in rapid succession Then comes a piçtuie in blaok of the native police, and a number of arguments tending- to piove that tho Hindoo is unfit foi self-government Wresting matches, nautches and plantéis' leasts bring u» up to "Maoris" adventures among the bi_r. game ' The royal robber- the striped ami whisWodmonaich of the jungle," appears frequently m this part of the book, and "Maori " lins co'lectotl and arianged so well all available information and data relating to the t«ger,that though, divested of his personal oxpei ien"cs, thero is little that is new in the mu-ra^ion, it shows us the lordly beast as ho 19 to be seen " at home " in the north ea»t of Ilindostan more vix idly than any pievious work of the kind has done Condensed it would foi m one of tho most va. feres ting and valuable chapters in a woik on the fauna of Hindostán The structure and ferocity of the tig«r, his unsociable I habits, lus boldness, cruelty, cunning, cowardice, ind caution-for oil these anoraalou9 qualities go to make up the character of felis tipra-are carefully described and then come narrative aftor narrativo and incident after incident, each instinct with warm, picturesque colouring, and breathing of a writer xvho tolls of wh^t he has seen or knows to be true While i eeogmriug the awful depredation» committed bv the tiger, "Maori" yet seems to hold him in that con&ideiation; " which xvarnors feel For foemen worthy of ttieir steel," and ftigmatizing the use of poison to destroy him as "theresouice of the poacher," continues "i»osportsman could descend so low Grant that tho tigem a scour,,-?, a pest, i nuisance, a c-uol cud implacable too to man and beast pile all the v iles* epithets of x our rocabularv on his ho id, and sav that he deserves them all still he is what opportunity ans! cinumstunco havo made lum Hois as niture lashioued him , and thero aro bold 5pmts,und keen sights, and steadx-nerxes onou-h, God wot among our Indian bportsiuon tew cope w ich bun on more equal ind sportsmanli ie toi ms thtm by poisoning hi n li! o a mingy dog On this point however, opinions dil ci T do not env j the man xvho w ou ¡d pi ef cr pots nmg ii ti°-oi to the leen delight ol patipntlv foil iw mg lum up ousting him from covii to cover w Uchiughis c u of ni ondea vom s to elude your se ireh pei haps nt tjie end ot a lme, and fnsei nntingbeat feehns; the elc,tiie,»\citcmont thrill eveiy " «?<. and fibie of vom bodv, is tin iui0iiificent îobber coates bounding donn at tim chirp» the verv embodiment oi ferocity and stien"th the peifi'ction of sjmmetr_,, the acme of ajnlity and ¡rraec " Then we have a few rlu aororos adventures, ind some of the write s expotiences with leopaids, the most e\ citing of which occurred when ho wa» camping neai the edge of a gloomy sal foi est A idling as of nightmare iwikened him it midnight from m un easy sleep, and, opening his ex e3, he saxv (for it w as blight moonlight) i himdsnmo "leopaulc s wubin 10 inches ot his face ga?mgsteadily at lum Seaitkdby a noise outside she turned to flee" an 1 a shot tion an Expies rifle soiled her fat" _ftei a teiv lemarks upon guns and skin curing, the work thu» closes " I have now Slushed my bo»1-. It h is bein pie san to mo to wnto down tho^c recollections Ever since I bopin nij task death has b->en bu^v and the rtnl s of mv f ienda have been sadlv thianed Fifi'ing health his driven mo from my old shooting-ground anl in.sunny Australia I havo beon trv in_ to recrwt tho energies e>nei vated bv tho burning climate of India 1 h if mv de ii old planter f i lenoo may bax o as kindly Toco_f«ctious ot the M ion' as he has of them is what I ardent y hope thit I max vet ¡tot bael to share m the sp >rts, pRsf ame j'jx s anl social delights of Mofussil hfe in Indi i, is rhat I chiefly c csiro ' The book is xvell got up printed m lirge, clear tvpe on toned papei, fairly illustrated anl neatly bound I and might xvith adv a itage be added to the library of i "»very one interested i _ Ind an lite and spoit I THE BDMOUREO POTSOMN& OF THL POPE - | A repoit was current in Pans some sho t time ugo (savs the I Pall Mall Gazette) of the attempted poisomn? of tuo Pope by the Jesuits f'iorepoii, wis telegiaphed bv the Papil Auncio m Pans to Cardinal Nina, md nunicious inquines | wore made of the Pope's phxsieian on th»sujiect On his Holiness being i aformed of the storv he i-<<=ud to have callod his privfite cljsinoeuuu and said -" Ihnidc the Tisitoi-Sj und un «ounce also m the mi^echambei tint I ara feeling auite well, and that the pci=onn s is only for the present a p »us, di ure " Then or ^ us ^ivcn bv ono who heard tVem were 'Ax yoi tate pine m atitienniira cte sto bene, e cb" 1 ax vol cn amonto non a per ejm, che un pío dcsiderio " Iho report seojis, howover (mr liomaii con aponde-it wntes), to hav» made un extiaoi diñan i npression at tie Vatican, nud r he food íntioduocd and coo ted is examined with scrupulous nçour Specking quietlx ot the mrttei, the Pope ol served " lae Jesuits aro too wis" Wore 'hex to arte/ mp" and succeed, tbej 1 now that the crime must TO traced b onie to them, ird flat mv successor would pav mv debts m them" The Jesuits have meanwhile pre seated tb eir ultimatum to tne Pope demanding ro bo rein itatedir their old position, and to have then shine in the govern/jient of the Church, pointinirout the benefits to accrue froui their support, and the damage they ire still capaV ie ot dome lhe Pope yields not an ioti>. He says 1 frati elevono fine ii frate (Lot friars act the friar), and not meddle with mundane aiiairs " 