fecip. Co SOUBCE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. A beautiful person is the natural form of a beautiful soul. The mind builds its own house. The soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes the body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of tha fairest face. A sensual disposition deforms the handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart shrivels and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure and all the character out of the countenance. A cherished hatred transforms the most beantifnl linea ments into an image of ugliness. It is as impossible to preserve good looks with a brood of bad paseions feeding on the blood, a set of low loves tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful spirit enthroned in the will, as to preserve the beauty of an elegapt mansion with a litter of swine in the base ment, a tribe of gipsies in the parlour and owls and vuitures in the upper part. Badness and beauty will no more keep company a great while than i will consort with health, or an elegant carv ing survive the furnace fire. The experi ment of putting them together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvary- ing resmr.. J. here is no sculptor liiie the mind. There is nothing that so refines, polishes and ennobles face and mien as the constant presence of great thoughts. The man who live3 in the region of ideas, moon beams though they be, becomes idealised. There are no arts, uo gymnastics, no cos metics which can contribute a tithe so much of the diguity, the strength, the ennobling of a man's looks, as a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, an un quenchable enthusiasm. But more powerful still than any of these as a beautifier of the person is the overmastering purpose and pervading disposition of kindness in the heart. Affection is the or ganising force- iu the human consti tution. WoniRn is fairer than man because she has more affection than man. Loveli ness is the outside of love. Ivinduess, sweet ness, goodwill, a prevailing desire and determination to make others happy, make the body a temple of the Holy Ghost. The soul that is full of pure and generous affec tions, fashions the features into its own angelic likeness, as the roso, by inherent impulse, grows iu grace aud blossoms into loveliness which art cannot equal. There is nothing on earth which so quickly trans figures a personality, refines, exalts, ir radiates with heaven's owu impress of loveliness, a3 a pervading, prevailing kindness of heart-.. The angels are beautiful bocaus e they are good, and God is beautiful because He is love. — Christian Globe. 