The Advertiser MONDAY, MAY 12, 1879. THE necessity for constitutional reform having forced itself in an unmistakable manner on the attention of the people of California, a Convention has been sitting f.<r « considerable time with a view to drMttir*: a new Ctiistituiion for Ijat State, and for the p;irp<ve of cwsiderin;: the j)"tition of affairs and according to a messape by cable, it appears that a new Constitution has bt-en adopted. That there was urgent need for steps beinsr taken to cleanse the Aapuan stable is shown by the facts which are patent, to all that abuses of tie most flagrant description had eprunj into existence and ti .lurishei with which the existing Constitution pave no power to daii : that class was arrayed against class. the object of the oae bein r ' to conserve its interests in wealth and land, and of the other to " burst theai up,'" sj that the masses tnijrbt participate in what had hitherto l>een held by the few : that the Civil Service had outgrown the require ments of the Statt>,and involved an expendi ture of money which was out of all propor tion to the cost incurred. The Parliament, too, had for a long time so conducted or misconducted its business that the cry for reform became loud and peremptory. The early part of the sessions was consumed in struggles between parties aud in talk which was fruitless of results, and towards the clo:=e of the session measures were passed through with unseemly haste, entailing nusckievious consequences and involving tbe labor of repeated amendments. The Appropriation Dill, too, has been a source of great soreness to the public, although of considerable benefit to somtj favored bodies and individual?, who have become the recipients of public funds through its instrumentality. The bill of indictment does not end here, how ever ; the curse of lobbying has been ter ribly rampant, and all its concomitant evils have been felt. No wonder, then, that a Convention was appointed to consider an amendment of a Constitution which bad so lamentably failed in its object, and under which evils have existed which appear almost incredible to those who have lived under a more beneficent rule. The results of the labors of the Coven tion are shown in an address which has b>«n issued and which may be summarised as follows:—Amendments are proposed in the public service which will reduce tbe State expenses by exactly one-half, which if it can be done without impairing- the efficiency of the service is a very wise step, and one tbat will show what recklessness Las been hitherto exhibited in dealing witk the public funds. The power of tbe Legislature ut.s been restricted in every case where it would be safe to do so, in respect to the enacting1 of local or special laws; a reform the necessity for which is to be found in tbe complaint which has been to frequently made as to the mis appropriation of public funds. The Legis lature having heretofore spent more than half their time in recesses and on local measures, tbe duration of the regular session haa been shortened to sixty days; and to prevent the practice of rushing through bad Bills at the fag-end of the session and in the midst of excitement provision is made tbat no Bill shall be introduced during the last ten days of a session without th# consent of two-thirds of the members. The wisdom of this regu- ' iation is self-evident. Under it it will be impossible for a corrupt minority to take advantage of " hurry and excitement" for the purpose of forwarding their ends. For although it is difficult to un derstand how men who have accepted the responsibilities attaching to the position of representatives of the people could allow themselves to so far forget their duty to their constituents as to be led through the excitement of the last days of a session to vote for a measure which a few weeks or month* earlier they would uncerimoniously knock on the head, it is pretty evident that in the State of California, at any rate, they do give way to this weakness, or the necessity for such a regulation as this would not exist. In apportioning population for repre sentation Chinese are excluded, and the qualifications of members for either House are three years 1 residence in the State, and one year in the district repre sented. Payment of members is provided for, but the remuneration is not of such a character as to induce a great amount of exertion for the purpose of securing it. The pay of members is not to exceed eight dollars per day ; the mileage allowance is ten cents per mile; the contingent expenses are not to exceed twenty-five dollars; and no pay is allowed to members during reces3, or ad journments for more than three days. It is also provided that no Bill shall become law until it has been printsd and read at length on three several days, and "shall have received a majority on an Aye and No vote of all the members elected to each House." There must be some reason for making such a regulation as that a Bill shall be read at length on three several days, but what that object is it is not easy to divine. Eight dollars a day b but a poor remuneration for such an infliction as this; perhaps the motive is to deter all but the most " earnest politicians'" from seek ing a seat in tlie Legislature. The Go vernor is allowed ten days after the ad journment of the Legislature to consider and sign or reject Bills, and is also given power to veto any item of an Appropriation Bill without invalidating th 9 whole Bill. This provision is described by the Conven tion as one of incalculable importance, a most convincing proof, if one were wanting, iliat the members of the Legislation have not in the past been able to boast that they ranked with C:esar's wife, to say the least <>f it. The power of the Legislation to appropriate money for any purpose besides ilie support of tbe State Government and institutions exclusively under the control of tbe State, is prohibited except in the case tif certain worthy charities ; but who is to determine what institutions are to be considered as " worthy charities" is not stated. Will the Convention draw up a litt of the institutions which they consider c<ime under this heading? If it be left to the Legislature to determine, what pro tection is there against any auuse which Lis Litherto eristed being perpe trated r SiJes of shares of any Corpora tion on margin are declared void, and tbe Legislation is directed to regulate or prohibit stock gambling. To prohibit this i>ernicious practice is a wise proceeding, and one that has long been loudly called for: but how any kind of gambling is to be 11 regulated" by legislation is a problem which it will be refreshing to see solved. Tlie Legislature is also prohibited from jjivinjj or lewdinir the credit of the State, aid from making or authorising the making "f any gift, grant, or subsidy to any person, or corporation, or association; and lobbying >ir the acceptance of a reward while in the service of tha public is declared a felony. It is pitiable that the necessity for such a r> irulntion as the last-named should exist; but that it unfortunately does is well lrnown. The Legislature of California has not been a shining example of purity, but it is hoped that the regulations of the Con vention will become the law of the land, aiid thus remove the eti^ina which has lon-: uiuiched itself to the membt-rs of the Legislative body. There were a number of agreements ;urived at by the Convention of a miscel laneous character, and one of these is very important. It is this : —" Mechanics, artisans, laborers, and material men shall have a lien for the value of their labor and materials upon the property on which they l:ave bestowed labor, or for which they have furnished material."' It is proposed to incorporate this in the new Constitution, but it is very doubtful if it ever will be so incorporated. It could not be expected ili:it a Convention appointed to rectify (.-\iating abuses would overlook the Chinese question; and we find that the decision arrived at on this matter, if it be endorsed, will have the effect of clearing the Mon golian out of the State root and branch. This article of the Convention is as fol lows :— "Tbe?ubject matter of this article is entirely new, and its appearance in the proposed Consti tution arises from the peculiarity of our situa tion. The article proposes the use of tbe police powers of the State to abate what no argument is tioiv necessary to prove to be a nuisance that is, the presence and the influx of the Chinese. Their presence is declared to be dan gtrons, and the Legislature is directed to dis courage their immigration by all tbe means within its power, to pass laws to prohibit their iutroduction into the State, and to delegate all i«-cessary power to incorporated cities and towns to remove them without their limits. Their employment on public works is prohibited, and all Corporations are forbidden to employ them.* This resolution was adopted after the President of the United States had exercised his right of veto over Congress, and had disallowed a Bill for regulating Chinese immigration, which had passed both nouses of the Legislature. So that supposing this regulation in its integrity has been incorporated in the Constitu tion, there is every probability that there will be trouble with reference to the Chinese question yet, and that its settle ment will not be achieved quite so easily as the Convention seem to think it will. We see by telegram that California has adopted «n Anti-Chinese Constitution, but whether the whole of the resolution above quoted has been included in the Con stitution we have yet to learn. On the subject of railways the Con vention declares that it is necessary that a General Commission should be ap pointed with power to regulate the fares, the number of trains to be run, and to call for such books, papers, or returns from the Companies as the Commission may re quire to enable them lo eilicieutly discharge their duties as tbe State supervisors of railways. They recommend this COOMo iv preference to the one which has been so freely advocated, namely, the purchase of the railways by the State. If the sug gestion be adopted it is contended that the public will be as much benefited by the labors of the Commission as they would be if the State undertook to buy the rail ways ; besides which they will escape the enormoui debt which would have to be incurred were their purchase decided on. The Convention appear to have worked with an honest desire to effect the many reforms which have long been so urgently required in California, and although their recommendations are sure to have been pretty extensively weeded before the new Constitution was adopted, there is every reason to hope that much good will result from their labors. Tire sews from Afghanistan which we publish this morning is very gratifying, and confirms the opinion we expressed last week that the close of the campaign in that country was drawing to a close. Yakoob Khan has accepted the terms proposed by the British authorities, and this virtually ends the struggle ia that quarter of the globe, provided no fresh complications should arise. From Southern Africa wa hear that the power of the Zulu King has been further weakened, Magneza, another brother of Cetwayo, having surrendered. The Home Government have, it would appear, been satisfied of the necessity for sending reinforcements to the Cape, as we are told that the demand of Lord Chelms ford for more men has been complied with. The General with his staff is about to proceed to Utrecht. Coming to colonial matters, the principal item in our telegraphic news is the attitude of the London Pres3 towards Mr. Berry. That gentleman ia being attacked in no measured terms by several of the metropolitan papers, and more especially by the Pall Mall Gazette, which is particularly severe upon Mm, characterising him as an " arrogant dema gogue, as impatient as a military dictator of resistance to his projects." The warmth with which the Sydney Exhibition scheme has been taken up by foreign Governments must be very gratifying to the projectors of that movement, and promises to make the Exhibition an unqualified success. The latest evidence of sympathy with the object is afforded by the German Reichstag, which has passed a Bill granting the sum of £10,000 for aiding German exhibitors who intend to send exhibits to the New South Wales competitive show. The Cuzco sailed for Melbeurne at about half-past 2 o'clock on Saturday. The Government hare telegraphed to the Acting Chief Secretary of Victoria, asking to be informed as soon as possible in what posi tion South Australia will be placed with refe reLceto the new European mail contract lately entered into by the Victorian Government. Tenders for the construction of about five milts of the main eewer to Henley Beach will be called for in about a week or ten days, and it is intended to begin the work of draining the city on July 1. The Port nrie Gazette states that a " Mr \V. Slauseii claims to hare discovered gold and .xlver in the Areas. We have not seen his -{H-cimen?, but Mr. Maosell, who is an old mining captain, is positive they contain the precious metals. The locality of the find is not nuTc tban thirty miles from Port Pirie,"_ "The weather during the past few days has," cays the Wallarno Times, "been most favorable for the growth of crops on the Penin sula. The face of, the country has completely changed, and whichever way one travels the eye is gratified by a broad expanse of country * with verdure clad.'" A meeting of the Bakers' Society was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hot-el <n Saturday, May 10. The attendance was not large. The Secretary read rules which he had drawn up for the government of the Society. It was decided to postpone their adoption until the next meeting of the Society, when it was expected there would be a Full meeting and answers would have been received from Melbourne and Sydney. A writer in the Sj/dnfy M-:rnir,tf Herald says:—" It is a remarkable fact that altbongb £2.000,000 of mouey has been deposited by the Government amongst all the Banks except the OoHHEercinl and Bank of New Zealand, you cannot to-day get any Bank to take up a near account, or to advance upon securities that are generally considered first-class. The conse quence is that property is depreciated in value, and business generally is almost paralysed." At a meeting of the Committee of the Hauley Conservative Club in England, it was resolved to strike off the name of Mr. Norman, the Deputy Town Clerk, one of the members, from the books, for neglect to rise when Lord Bracousfield's health was proposed at a tripe ««|>per. IMr. Norman declared himself a strict Conservative, but considered that the; Premier wae a stain on true Conservatism, that his public career was one of treachery ?ud deception to Jthe truest interests of Conservatives, and that his aim was his own self- aggrandisement.' The rifle rans-es at the rear of Ulanrille which were laid out by the Port Adelaide and Suburban Eitle Clrb have, now that the Club is dUbanded, come into the possession of the newly-formed Port Adelaide Hide Company, who have obtained the permission of the Port Corporation to fire on the reserve: and have also purchased from the late Club what property thty possessed ou the ground. The rifle com pany havicg resurveyed the distances and made ceceral improvements in the ranges, now use tht-ni every Saturday. Several of the small boys attendinsr the Muonta Mines Model School take great delight during playtime, when the truck Lj passing by, in puttiag pius on the line for the truck wheels to j>a.-s over. "The driver," says the Yorkers I'tfiinsula Advertiser, "has frequently warned them thM ihey m«y come to grief by venturing U-o near the line whilst the truck is passing, but all to no purpose. On Wednesday a lad named Crabb wanted a pin flattened by the usual pro cess, and in placing it on the rail was not so smart as he shonld have been in getting his fiugere away, so that he had to leave the nail of one of them behind, it being taken off by the truck wheel." The Rev. John Gardner, of Queenslifte' Victoria, now on s visit to this colony, preached in Chaliner's Church, North-terrace on Sunlay morning, May 11. The rev. gentleman based his discourse on the wurds " And he said my presence shall go with the*, and I will give thee rest"— Exodus xxxiii., 14—and directed special attention to the universality of God's presence with men, as proved by the facts of personal experience. Notwithstanding the fact that Mr. Gardner has attained to the allotted three score years and ten, tbe effectiveness and ability of his deliverances which characterised him when he was minister of the church many years ago appear to have iv no way abated. The discourse was listened to by a large congregation, com prising many of Mr. Gardner's lormer friends. In order that all the facts relative to the present difficulty in the boot 'trade should be before the public, we are asked to state that the employes of Messrs. iViiis £ Co. are earning better wages now than they were before the re duction was made. This fact, which was proved to the satisfaction of the deputation from the Labor League that waited on Wills & Oj. a few. days since, is accounted for by the large amount ' of additional work which the men have had I since the classification complained of was made, 1 as the demand for "seconds" is iucreasLoti. We are also asked to mention that Wills and Co.'s men have made no objection to the re duction, and the present agitation can hardly be attributed to them. "Since our last issue" writes the Burra Secord oi May 9," we have not had any further rain, but the weather has been extremely cold with occasional frosts. We hear from the various districts 'round that iv most of them there has been sufficient rain to start the grain that has been sown, and earnest hopes are expressed that further showers will not be long delayed or the yeung plants may perish. At Terowie we hear some laud has beeu already re sown, the seed which sprouted with the rains which fell about a month ago having died since. At the eastern extremity of Bildiua there ap pears to have been less raiu than anywhere else iv the district; the quantity that >" was quite insufiicL-ut tobtsxc tUc f-.ed ot if^i-uhb. tlis ] dams." The following is Saturday monung's weather report on the Adelaide sod Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, SJI, light, fine; Farina, S.E, light, cloudy, fine, cold; Stmngways Springs, BJS., strong, few clouds, fine,cold; Peake, SE, light, dear, fine, cool; Charlotte Waters, S., moderate, dear, fine, cool; Alice Springs, S, light, clear, fine; Barrow Greek, S.E., light, clear, fine, cold; Tennant Greek, SJS , moderate, clear, fine, cool; Powell Creek, SJS., strong, dear, fine, cold; Daly Waters. B.E, light, clear, fine, cool; Katherinc, S.E., light, clear, fine, very cold; Pine Greek, SJS, moderate, dear, fine, very cold; Tarn Greek, S.E.,light, dear, fine,cold ; Sonthport, SJS, strong, clear, fine, cool; Port Darwin, S.E., fresh, clear, fine, coal. A lecture entitled "Moses, the Jewish lawgiver; was he a divinely inspired writer or a clever politician only?" was given by Mr. George Sawkins, late of Sydney, ia the Lieder tafel Hall, Flinders-street, on Sunday evening. May 11. There was a large attendance. Mr. Sawkins, whose lecture was under the auspices of the Adelaide Secular and Free Discussion Society, attempted to show that the condnrboC Moses was that of an industrious schemer, who raised himself to a high position by playing on the credulity of the Israeli ties, and the lecturer examined the Mosaic records to show that there was no internal evidence of inspiration. At the close of the lecture there was a rattier warm discussion, but the display of debating powers was not very brilliant on either aide. The Wallaroo Times states that "on Tuesday, Hay 6, Sir, Mais, the Bngineer-in- Chief, accompanied by the Assistant Engineer (Mr. lovell), and die Besident Engineer (Mr. Bath), drove along the Bartmga Extension to Snowtown. The work was thoroughly inspected, and considered satisfactory. The oampletaon of this line baa been delayed in consequence of the piles driven for the first bridge on the plain having been condemned by Mr, Xovell, as they were not in accordance with the *pmtjrmfirm The permanent way has been laid up to this bridge, and there is a sufficient number of sleepers on hand ready for one mile beyond the bridge. Another shipment of sleepers is not expected for some tame, so that it will be at least two months before this line win be ready for traffic." The Border Watch c ays that "on Thursday morning, May 8, the Town Clerk of Mornt Gambier received a letter from the Commissioner of Crown Lands stating that the Government did not intend providing a banquet on the occasion of the opening'of the railway. A meeting of the Corporation and District Council representatives was. therefore, held the same evening, and arrangements made for a banquet in the Institute-hall. A Com mittee was appointed to carry oat all arrange ments connected with it. The other prepara tions for die reception are proceeding satis factorily. The Minister of Education has granted the State schools a public holiday on the 16th, and it has been determined that they shall sing the National Anthem on the arrival of the Governor's special train. Everybody seems to take an interest in the event, and there is ao doubt* we think, that the reception will be one that will reflect credit on the district." «An amusing incident," eaje the South- Eastern Star of May 9, "occurred an evening or two ago in a Methodist Church not a honored miles from Mount Gambier, daring the week night service. The worthy mining bad taken a text referring to the importunities of the Syro-Phoenician woman on behalf of her daughter, and while dwelling in eloquent terms on the rebuff she met with from the disciples, who said,' Send her away, for she crieth after us,'a cat which had found its way into the building and had got imprisoned beneath the rostrum, commenced to utter a series of pro longed 'e-yow-yows,' which were strangely enough repeated each time tha rev. gentleman used die sentence above quoted. The effect of this feline ebullition on the audience may be better imagined than described, and it was not until the intruder wag captured and ejected that the minister himself was able to proceed with his discourse.™ On Sunday morning, May 11, the Rev. Charles Chiniquy preached in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street. The Church was crowded 12 erery part, and even the porch and vestry at the rear of the pnlpit were tbrynged. The moie devotional portion of the service WAS conducted by the Bey. 3. Henderson, the pastor of the Church. Mr. Chiniqay based bis dis course on the words, "Henceforth X call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his Ix>rd doeth; bat I have called yon friends"—John, 15th chapter 15th verse—and dwelt with great power on the statement of the text that poor human creatures should be able to say that God was their friend. The assertion that this should be the relationship that existed between man and God seemed in credible. Before man could love his Creator he must first get the idea firmly fixed in his mind that God loved him. This" was a neces sary condition frequently exemplified in human afftctione. The whole object of revelation was to show that God loved man, and this was indicated by Christ being sent to teach men, and a still further manifestation was that He died to save men. This was a most intense love, as Christ laid down His life for His enemies. In speaking of his mission to this colony, Mr Chiniquy remarked that he wanted assistance to establish a college where priests convinced of the untenable position of the Church of Borne might be sheltered and edu cated in the truths of Protestantism. At the present time he knew of many converted priests who were earnestly laboring in connection with Protestant work, and to his own knowledge en the Continent at the present tune several hun ilreds of priests who had left the Church of Koine were laboring at daily wages, because they had no place where they could go to be further instructed in Protestant doctrines. He concluded an eloquent appeal by calling upon those present to give themselves to God, and to work for Him. In the evening Mr Chiniqay preached in the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church to a crowded congregation, which ex tended to the entrance porch far beyond the reach of hie voice. The theme chosen was Christ's conversation with the woman of Samaria, as narrated iv the fourth chapter of St. John's Gospel. Liberal collections on behalf of the college which Mr Chiniquy is endeavor ing to establish ware made at both services. Respecting the Edison electric light a New York correspondent of the London'ZTmcs writes:—" It is now known that Mr. Edison has failed in his experiments. The most that he has ever yet accomplished has been to main tain 400 coiled iron wires in a state of partial incandescence with a 16-horse-power steam engine. The object of this experiment was to ascertain the number of coils which could ba brought to a red heat in any given circuit. It is upon this experiment that Mr. EJison based his claim that he could maintain 20,000 lights burning from one electric station with a 600 \--harse-power engine. The conclusion was a fallacious one, as Mr. Edison now knows. Platinum must be heated to 2,700? before it attains the intensity of incandescence which is required for illumination, and when the metal is as hot as that it is just ou the verge cf melting. Te prevent the lamp from melt ing this inventor has used a regulator consist ing of a bar of metal through which the current flowed, which, when the current became toe strong, expanded and switched off a part of the current and thus saved the lamp. In practic this regulator has failed to perform the service required of it. When the current becomes strong the platinum burner melts in the twinkling ef an eye, and the mischief is done before the regulator can act. The inventor* br-lieved that he could overcome this practical difficulty, but he has not succeeded. His lan ps have continually melted, and he has been viable to keep them from doing so^ and (he result is that there is greit dis couragement at Menlo Park. There has reen another difficulty. Fourteen out of Eddison's sixteen applications for a patent at the Washington Patent Office have been i ejected. This impulsive man took up the tlectric light last fall as an entirely new sub ject of experiment, and allowed himself to be lieve that he saw a way to make the light useful nliich others had never thought of ; but when he reached the Patent Office he discovered that vi ry nearly every idea which he had embodied in his applications had either been covered by the patents of other inventors or was not patentable at aIL This information is obtained from the Patent Office, and is ooe explanation of the discouragement which reigns at Menlo Park. There is no doubt that the Edison light would be a delightful resource for the illumination of dwellings if it could be depended upon. It floods a room as though witb golden sunlight— pure, brilliant, and mellow. Buttheiurentorhas never yet been able to regulate his current so as to keep his lamps burning for any length of time, and he has never ventured on a single public exhibition of it. The public have never seen so much as one of h:s lights yet, A favored few who have been admitted to^his laboratory at Menlo Park have beheld it —a siugle lamp, enclosed in a glass globe, beautiful as the light of the morning star. But he has refused to let aiiy one inspect it closely, and has never allowed the exhibition of it privately to last loug. He has never been able to depend apou itt dui::Vi'ity. His apparatus Uasfarfrt m ;w \--fectiou as it ever was, and, iv fsct, well uuoruiei electricians in New York do n«t now believe that Mr. Edison is even on the right line of ex periment." The racehorse Cowarie has been scratched for all his Queen's Birthday engagements. There was a very moderate attendance at the entertainment given by tbe Davalli Sisters on Saturday evening, May 10, in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide. The proceeds of the entertainment given at tbe Wocdville Institute, on Thursday even ing. May 8, amounting to £11, will be devoted to the funds of St. Margaret's Church, WoodvUle, and not to the Institute as previously stated. The St. Leon Circus was largely attended on Saturday evening, May 10. The perform ances were well appreciated by the audience. To-night a new programme will ba presented, including " Dick Torpin's Kide to York." The acceptances and nominations for the Queen's Birthday Races mnst be made not laler than Tuesday, May 13, with the Secretary, Mr. John Harvey. The sale of tooths will takj place Cv tlje same evening at the Globe Hotel. Professor Pepper, the originator of th.9 famous ghost illusion, whose name was bo long connected with the London Polytechnic Insti tution, has, the Baity Afcics states, accepted an engagement in the Australian colonies for the purpose of exhibiting there " A New Mystical lUasion" that he has just perfected. The members of the South Australia Football Association opened tbeir season on Saturday afternoon. May 10, with a match oa the Cricket Oval between South Australians v. All-comers. There were over 1,203 persons pre sent. The game, which wras warmly contssted <ihroughout,.ended in a draw, a goal being ob tained by each aide, A new and handsome billiard-room has been erected at Blaekler's Globe Hotel, and was opened for the first time on Saturday last. The room is spacious and lofty and splendidly ventilated, having windows on three sides. It contains four excellent billiard tables, including a new one by Alcock & Co. OS the billiard room is a bar, and the whole is furnished in a very comfortable manner. The Art Loan Exhibition in connection with the Adelaide Young Men's Society will ne opened in the Stow Lecture Hall this afternoon at 3 o'clock, and will remain open on Wednes day and Saturday afternoons and every evening in the week from 6 till 10 o'clock. A large number of exhibits hare been sent in, and the Exhibition promises to be a very attractive affair. Amongst the pictures already hung are several by Johnstone, two or three by Captain Balfour, some large and valuable paintings lent by Messrs. D. & \V. Murray, and several very artistic productions by,Mr. J. H. Adamson, of New Zealand, brother of Messrs. Adamson, the machinists. One of these is specially note worthy. It is a picturesque bit of bush scenery, with a very carious tree and a splitter's cottage in the foreground, and in the distance a water fall. The perspective is excellent, tbe coloring good, and the lights and shades are well managed. A series of very clever carvings by Mr. Strapps, a variety of curios, weapons, and war costumes of the Zulus and other savage tribes, and many other novelties, will be found worthy of inspection. The disqualification of Beaachamp, the jockey, with the steeplechase horse Selector, for bis conduct at the Clare races on the Bth instant, will be the subject of enquiry by the Committee of the Queen's Birthday races to day. Mr. Hill, the Secretary of the Clare Club, has been requested to furnish full particulars, and should the offence of collusion be proved against the owner of Selector it is probable that all the horses nominated in his name for the Queen's Birthday races will be disqualified for that meeting. Possibly Mr. Aiken may be able to make a good defence, and as we have no desire to prejudice his case we shall refrain Erom comment until the matter Has been dealt with by the local racing clubs. The same sub ject will be brought before the S-AJ.C. Com mittee during the week. We may mention that we have received a letter from Mr. Aiken asking the racing public to suspend their judgment on this matter, pending the result of an appeal that he has made to have Selector's running, and the allegations against him of foul play at the North-West Bend, investigated by a joint Committee of the Adelaide and Clare Clubs. The members of the Port Adelaide Pioneer Cricket Club beld their closing meeting 'of the season at the Globe Hotel on Saturday evening, May JO. There was a good attendance. Mr. E. Clancy was votC& to the chair. A very satisfactory report of the uiSEjaof the Club -during the past season was read by the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Moorhouse. The Club had won 19 matches and lost nine out of 28 played. J. McKenzie headed the batting list with an average of 12 runs per innings; Watson, with an average of 7, came second, and Moorhouse, Price, and Jamieson came next with about six runs to the credit of each. The bowling averages were considered first-class. Price came first with an average of 344 runs per wicket. Jamieson had an average of four runs, and Lane, who had boiled 708 balls for 26 runs, averaged 4-71 per wicket. Mackay, who played for the Club during the first half of the ceasou, had an average of 30 J per wicket. The Club was oat of debt, McKeuzie, the highest average scorer, was presented by the Chairman, on behalf of tome of the members, with a bat Several tongs were sung during the evening, and the proceedings altogether were of a very en joyable nature. The Cornstalk Minstrels pave the second of their entertainments on behalf of charitable objects at White's Rooms, on Saturday evening. May 10. There was only a moderate attend ance, the front and middle seats being sparsely filled. The entertainment exhibited marked improvement on the first performance of the company, and some of tbe singing would have been highly creditable even to the best pro fessional minstrels. To Mr. James and Mr. Jenner belong the greatest honors. Both have admirable voices, and know haw to use them. Mr. James was imperatively encored for his rendering of "Break it gently to my mother,7 * and Mr. Jenner ought to have received a similar mark of the audience's favor for his song "Mother bear me to the window." Mr. Humphrey's song " Little sister's gone t<j sleep" was fairly rendered, but he should siig more from his chest than he does. Mr. Powell, we are afraid, never will sing, and it is doubtful if Mr. Kiiliugbeck will ever make a great noise in the world as a vocalist. He has a fair voice for a private entertainment, but it is hardly strong enough for public per formances. The choruses were admirable, and the eate tainnient would be a capital one if there was nothing more than these hi it. The rest of the programme was carrisd out iv better style than on its first presentation, and altogether the Cornstalk Minstrels may be congratulated on the ■access of their second performance. The " end men" endeavored to be a little more brilliant, but we are afraid comedy is not then* forte. Hudson's Surprise Party of Minstrels wili make then- first appearance at White's Rooms this evening. We have already mentioned the names of those comprising the troupe, and it is needless to say more than that they are all good performers. The ladies are excellent vocalists and instrumentalists, and the gentlemen are good vocalist* and actors. Mr. Hudson in tends to give during the season his pedestal dance, which was received with great favor when he performed it three yoars ago. The following is an extract from the Hamilton Spectator respecting the company:—" Hudson's Surprist^f arty " is the name given to a Com pany that has been organised by Mr. T. Hudson to make an extended tour through the Aus tralian colonies, India, and China, and a more appropriate name could not have been selected. They surprised everyone who saw them, being altogether different from any minstrel com pany that has yet visited Hamilton. Those who went to see a number of black faces found tastefully-dressed, attractive-looking young ladies, and a gentleman in evening dress, only Messrs. Hudson and Wallace, tbe two popular " corner men," bringing burnt cork into requisi tion. The innovation was a great improvement, tbe musical portion of the programme possessed ihe charm of novelty, and the jokes retailed fey Hudson and Wallace were crisp, new, and free from double entendre, which too often characterises the stories told by wandering minstrels. One of the novelties was the urioUn-playing of Miss Vena De Gay, a pupil of Mr. John Hill, and a very apt one, too. JThis lady, who is still in her teens, as also are all her lady companions, displayed a taking artistic style, no small amount of skill, and is Eaidtobe equally at home in classical music as she most undoubtedly was in the simple melodies discoursed. Miss Amy Jiowe showed herself to be possessed, although suffering from cold, of a sweet, fresh voice of £ood range. Miss Milly Norton did not evince bo much power, but sang with taste, and in ■"The Convent Bells" the two young ladies presented their audience with the gem of the evening, so far as vocalisation was concerned. Bliss Florence DeGay is the pianiste of the company, and for one fo young, fifteen years fcriug given as b*r age, did herself ampl> jiisface. Messrs. Hudson amd Wallace were • til tlicr^"as the t-*- u f lUiny niggers, and Mr. Glover, the comedian, made hhueelf a favorite. 