[?] Luke Slivers' Harvest. By N. WALTER SWAN. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Tale. Chapter XLIII. — Me. Pelan retires from the Race, The Brotherhood of Fair Play was in sad perplexity con cemingMr. Pelan. It was time his horses were entered, but whether they would run was altogether a different matter. Half -made books were cursed over with a variety of imprecations more or less creditable to the fertile genius of the gentlemen who coined them. They wrote letters and sent telegrams to him, but there was no substantial knowledge to be gained. Mr. Dainim himself volunteered to go to Mindorf , as a kind of ambassador, but he returned without obtaining the necessary glad tidings. A lady had met him at the door of the room with trouble in her looks, and said the doctors would not permit an interview. Consequently it came to pass that Jews and Gentiles — men who otherwise ? stood to win against nothing — dolefully jjslinquished their prospects, and set industriously about the compensatory pursuit of hedging. It was no wonder that Damim had been refused an interview. The self-possessed man, who carried strength in his eyes and face by reason of his unflinching look and immovable self-possession, was breathing hard and fighting to live upon the pile of piuoffs before the only love ever yielded to him, and the only devotion he had known. Pelan would have th(^ old white haired man to see him as often as he chose to come, an replied mildly to his bitter moods. He owed liim comp'® sation for a wrong, and his face remained calm before hope less recriminations ; but time after time he silenced him ny speaking out his own guilt, and warned him that it v0 all be made plain. Pelan tinned to his wife one day , ' There is a man called Brown who goes to the house Mr. Mivers sometimes. He is often with the young feJ* who steered the boat that rescued the fisherman, a sn time since. Ask the landlord to get him here, if he is in Mindorf.' j In an hour the messenger returned with the man, a showed hiin into the room. The visitor saw a sad, w woman by the dim bed with the shading of a faint upon it, but no whiter part was then than the features of ' You^rill want, 6ir, to sit close to him ; his voice is weak, and it will save him effort. Sit here.' Brown took the chair where his wife had slept nnd prayea through many a night. He let his hat fall, and stooped over towards 'the restless eyes. 'You know Mivers ? ' ' Yes, sir, I know Mr. Mivers.' -i put your hand below the piJ'ow, there is a letter there. The visitor drew out a formal-looking envelope. ' Yes, ^ n Bend lower to me. You have tried to put ^Slater off liis intended interview with Mivers. He is as pitiless as the -on and as immovable as its rocks. If he will persist m fichtine the rich man, you will read that, and Mivers' son ™ill be exonerated. It is a confession of conspiracy in which I was an actor. You know both of them. You'll do this iTpjj5 do it honestly, that ye may be sure of. I'll be in the house, I hope, when Slater comes, ' to put his hand on the old Mivers,' as he calls it. He arn't to be blamed much sir, but if he knew everything he wouldn't do. it I can make it all plain to him.' ' Ye hev knowA Slater a long tame, maybe r ' 'Shortly after his trouble. 'When he returned from Narre-ummie.' Brown struck bis hand on his Ib'gh with a sond that Trent round the room. « pelan, to be sure — the same Pelan, is it ? ' a ye6 » announced the sporting man, putting b;s wasted ?white hand out on the white couuteipaie, — ' the same Pelan.' The watching wife came noiselessly to Brown and pressed his shoulder. She bent her head to bis till her hair touched lini before whispering, 'He is weak, and the doctors do not allow him to talk much.' When she stood up, and the m an saw her small fingers trembling amongst each other, and hor eves, that were dim with weeping and watching, he wondered at the faithfulness won and bestowed in that little room. Mrs. Pelan brought in candles, and sat down waiting. As the patient opened his eyes and looked round, he exclaimed, 'He is gone. I must have been dreaming. 'VVhoi 3 is your hand?' In a moment it was closed round his. ' It is growing dark, Jul:e, and you seem getting fui flier 8AShe put her arms round him, and laid her face beside his on the pillow. ' I feel your fresh breath, and your soft hair, that looked fo well. 1 have left you in loudness for many months together, but you never complainrd. Tliere was no i;me like the time we walked quiet ly beside each other amor j the garden flowers, and strolled upon the sands. You loved me then, Julie.' Her arms tightened round lv.s shoulders. 'Then, and always. You must not speak much — oh, take care.' He smiled sadly, looking up at the curtains above him. ' I have been unkind to you in thought and ret ion, I have been faithless and unworthy, and yet you are the only one of all of them near me now. I wish I could have liv;d make amends. We will never be among the heaths any more. Think of that time gone when we sat waifnsr for the purpling colours to come, and to watch the day die out. 'Jake my hand, Julie.' She tightened her grasp. ' You are getting further away.' She pressed her face to his. ' There are shadows trooping up in the strange twilight. Keep close ; a pure life is a churm against them. Looking down below us where the waters ran that evening, you said I was all the world you. 1 wish I had know a you then as I do now ; it would have kept me from sin. Only those parts of my life show peace where your happy face is resting. If we had been side by side amongst it all, I should not have quitted it now for these shadows.' She looked at him softly, and with u low moan lifted her wet face. Hi6 eyes were upraised, his hand was in hers, and the embrace of her arm on his shoulder. She lay beside him thus for a time, that seemed to stretch over hours, until with a shiver she started to find that his hand was cold, and his open eyes moveless on the cm-lain above. She spoke to him, and called upon him, following him with with her voice and love into the shadows he feared ; but the expression of his eyes had gone, and the silver cord was loosed. The next morning, when the first light was coming down the hills, and the vastness of earth and sky was opening before the new day — when the plains and seas awoke, and the life of all things rose to watch the sun riding up the heavens, Julio Pelan sat pale, with her husband's hand in hers, upon the threshold of her widowhood. Mindorf rose sedately and followed Pelan to his grave, and it pitied and tried to sooth his young wife : but she had a poor sister, who toiled in a little shop in Melbourne, and she carried her sorrow to her. She had left her with the whole world filled with gladness, and she returned bearing with her the four years' history that had crossed her life lying on her heart, and weeds in her sunny hair. * * * # # * * * The Brotherhood of Fair Play looked despairingly at their books, and set themselves with furious industiyto make new ones. Chapter XLIV. — Face to Face. While Mr. James Brown was idly speculating one day as to Mr. Slater's whereabouts, that old gentleman was mount ing Mr. Mivers' stairs. He followed the servaut up, with the steady calmness of bis purpose, and, but for his rest lessness, he looked to have the hoary confidence of the years that weighted him. He was but an ancient fragment of humanity revived to take the master by the hand and lead him back upon his past. When he entered, wiihout giving his name, the two men looked at each other from the ends of their respective journeys— the one from his spacious room, with its gildings and pictures — with all the flowers that money could scatter at his feet, but worn with his toilsome ascent, weary of the ruggedness below the strewn colours, and fearful of the coming night ; the other, in his old dress, might have been a memory of a gone century. He had travelled careless of bruises ; his past had driven him on over wildernesses and wastes and glooms that were nigh forgotten now. But the skeleton hand of that past was on his shoulder, pushing him forward over weaknesses and. doubts — always with him, it filled his present now. The one journeyer told the other to be seated, and held himself upright in his luxurious seat. The other sat dowj stiffly upon a gay fauteuil, with the air of a dusty pilgrim who finds a resting on a tiresome road. ' You are greatly changed since I saw you last. Where is all your strength gone to, and all your bullying brag — your cruel words and careless trampfings on your fellow men ? Where is all the energy, Mr. Mivers, that used to bend men to your purpose, and fling them useless from you on the scrap-heap of humanity ? You must be happy now, looking on your successes then.' 'If you are one of those you speak of,' ' answered Mivers, in a kind of humble wonderment, ' and if I can makeup for wrongs I have done you, or cruelties you have suffer „d from me, I will do what I can. I am far from blameless. What is your name ? ' ' Surely you will do all that out of your abundance. What are pounds of your piled money to you now ? It has been erected with sweat and women's and children's shame, and accumulated amongst cursings. A' few coins from the heap will hide all that, and doles of your charity, as you step down into the grave, will cover a multitude of your sins. You repent of your past when the journey is ended. What an acceptable offering yours must be just as your grey life, worn as 1 have described it, is, like mine, trembling out ! ' 'Who are you?' asked the old man, frightened at the bitterness of the voice. *' Who ain I ? I am your past.' He lifted up his brows, that his eyes might rest fully upon him, and nodded with a silent laugh that raised his white moustache. Then he shut his gums together, and seemed to gap and break his profile at him as he waited. 'Iam your past.' Mivers' hands were not trembling with age. ' Pasts come back, you know. They double and turn Mid sweep down on one like ghosts, when least expected. Y ou may think them dead and buried, but they never die, and there is no burial for them. They rise from their graves always waiting. You may rake the withered leaves over them, but the first storm whirls them off. Is that fio i In his vehemence he did not wait for an answer. ' And those ghosts breed ghosts. This ghost of your past, for example ' — he struck his breast with his thin hand — ' it never crossed your memory before that he had a wife who dic-d of starvation, a daughter who went to shame, and a son who wandered away to sea, because of you, and that the one ghost would come to ask you concerning those you gave to him. They fill my past, and I, hand-in- hand with them, till a space in yours. One of those kickshaws there,' pointing to a large oil painting, ' would have saved them ; but you condemned them to it, that you might be so much the richer ; that you might buy tHat thing, you killed the body of one, and 'the soul of another is gone ! ' He slowly took his finger from the picture, and aimed it at Mivers' grey head. ' Is your room the brighter and better for it ? Do you never hear the curses that followed you ? Don't they hang about your grandeur ? Don't th« maledictions reach you Y Is it not all carried to you some times like voices with the sounds from the sea when it moans at you ? ' Mivers put his hand to his forehead, and took it away again without speaking. ' You have got a long life and wealth. Every one re spects the rich Mivers, who can do no wrong. The world is yours, and all it can offer — you must be happy.' The rich man looked at the speaker as though labouring under some kind of nightmare. ' Happy ? ' ' Of course, and you would add to that happiness. You would lay the ghosts with your money now. Money can do everything, you know. You have a son who is your hope — your only child — with all the good things the world can give piled up and stored away for him when needed. He won't have to crush and trample or sin for it, as you did. He'll be an elegant and respected gentleman, and you will contemplate him, respecting and loving you while your life lasts. His success and position are your success and position. What would your money be worth if he was not respected, and flattered, and fawned at ? If he was in gaol, for example, and a common felon, where you have put many, what could your money do for you then, eh ' Slater broke .his profile at Mivers again, and contem plated him. Mivers took his hands away from his face, aid askcl, ' Who are you ' 'Who ami? The man who flattered your pride once, by becoming your servant. The man who came to you an rducated gentleman — he whom you pointed out as a student of Horace and Homer to your friends — he whom you abused once by virtue of your superior strength, and who tried to burn down your shed — he whose legs you shattered with a crowbar, and sent away, crippled and penniless, to his helpless family — he who wrote to you for his wages time after time, and told you that his wife and daughter were starving — he who got some thousands of pounds from his friends when it was too late. But that is past.' He struck his hand impatiently away, as flinging the consideration with it. Said Mivers, brokenly, ' Aye, Slater is your name.' The man rose up in the dignity of age and the remorse lessness of his wrongs, looking down on the squatter. 'You remember it all now. I have told you of the dead wife, the ruined daughter, and the lost son. Their past and mine will live amongst yours — we are an indelible part of you. You never knew that Shorter, the publican at Narrgummie Flat, was Slater. I kept in wait for your son, and caught him with one of the fairest faces in Vic toria, till I got my grip on him at last — at last, after all the wailing. Look you' — he held out his clenchcd hand — ' I have both of you here safe. Your sou is a forger and a felon, and he'll be in gaol before a month is over — your son, with the black hair, and red face, and large eyes, whom you liked so much long ago. All your money can't save him from the indignity of a prison — all. Eh ! rich and respected Mivers, what do you say to that? That's what I've waited for. That's what I've plotted for. That's what I'm here about. Only your old servant, that your son killed with a blow, knew me and my purpose. But the beauty of a face struck your Luke and withered him. Do you hear ? ' The speaker did not laugh, but a joy was on his face. The prvpose of his age seemed to grow up in him and give him Strength and bitter words. ' Look at the years on my hair. Think of the years that have crowded and sat on me since that time. I have borne them all to come here to-day as your past, and ask you concerning my dead wife and my wronged child.' Mivers in a dreamy way shook his head sorrowfully. The man moved closer to a chair that had an elegant seat of silken stripes of amber and black, and sat there, lowering his voice to its intensest expression. ' Are you aware that all your money, twenty times told, could not save your son from gaol ? He is as surely in my power as though he were standing handcuffed on that hearth-rug. Why do I pursue you? That is what you would ask, with your i money and your gauds. Pursue a man who has broken my ] life aud trodden on my years — who has brought death and shame to my door; and so have I pursued you down to the very last turning — to your grave. We stand looking at each other now, backed by those tiresome years that are beh'nd us. It was a long race, Mivers, but it's mine. From the day my feeble wife burst into tears and told me the food was done — when I saw the eyes of my daughter dimming daily, and. bade good-bye to the boy bravely waving his tattered hat on the Glasslougli's deck, the race began, and here I am to strike you through your son. Pasts do come back like ghosts, don't they ? ' The man's thin hair came down nearly to his shoulders, and the suppressed intonations of his words made his eyes blaze. They seemed like two materialised echoes — these men, coming down out of the mist and twilight of the long gone times, and confronting each other on that grey winter's day. Mivers' troubled face followed Slater earnestly, as though studying forgotten scenes. The words seemed to bring darkness with them, and to gather up the toils aud tribula tion he bad heedlessly scattered. ' I would undo that past,' answered the squatter slowly. ' If I cor Id travel back through it over every year and make amends down into poverty, I'd do it.' ' Hear him — listen lo him, with the darkness of the grave closing him in, and saying all this ! He would re pent and make all amends, and he wants but auotheryear to put him in his coffu. The remorseless trampling Mivers says this when the ghosts of his spent life come jibbering at t'*m in the twilight of his days. Of course you would do it. Now see the difference. 2 would begin the race again, knowing all I have done, and win it. I would repent evciy action of that past, and wou id sit as I sit here now, and show you that I have you in my power. There is only one place for your pampered son, and that is a prison. You understand?' Again Mivers shook his head. ' You think I'll relent. I am asjnear death as you are,' the man crird, lashed by the strength of his passion; ' I'd not relent to ga;n salvation.' ' My son is beyond your power.' 'You Me. He went to Queensland, but I'll reach him there. You know what money can do, Mivers; you ought to know. You 6old your sovl for it — ah ! many years ago. I have money, and I'll leach him as surely as you reached me through my wife and daughter.' Neither of the men saw Mr. Brown, who had entered and walked noiselessly across the thick carpet. He sat quietly down and listened, looking curiously at the white beards, the white hair, and heavy white eyebrows of the two men. They might have passed for brothers at a hasiy glance. There the resemblance ended. In the one was the insolent whirl of a triumph, in the other the weariness of brokenness and the humility of repentance. ' I dont want for to disturb ye, Slater, nor to shame ye, but' ? The grey -beards looked round at this other fragment belonging to both, that seemed to have been placed there by superhuman power. ' I aint agora for to blame ye for wot yer doin, but ' ? ' 1 care neither for your blame nor your approval, as you very well know, and you do disturb me by being here,' struck in Slater, with a grerdy fear of losing the bestowal of one burning word. 'Since when were you allowed to prowl through houses like this? Are you, one of those through whom he seeks a place in repentance ? No doubt you'll make him bleed for your forgiveness. He has plenty of money to pay for it, and you wi'l whine and cant, and smooth awray the evil things of his life, and otherwise com fort him ; but I have come out of it, to stand before and judge him. He has wronged me with a deeper and blacker wrong than any atonement can wash out. My forgiveness is not spoken yet, and never will be, either in this world or ' in the next.' ' If ye think I come here for to git money off Mivers yer far mistook. You know, for all yer raging, I would not touch a perny of it, an so does he. But I told yer not to long ago that I hed somefhing to say to ye afore ye come here, an ye wouldn't listen.' Brown's voice gathered solemnity as he continued, ' An so ye want to be yer own almighty. I've knew that tried afore, but it always was a failure.' ' I'm my own denouncer, that is all,' Slater retorted, and the mover of the law against forgers, as his son shall find out. The matter has been in the hands of the police a week ago.' '* If I was you I'd get 'em back.' Slater opened his mouth and laughed, till his one black fang could be seen above his beard. 'That would be your advice, no doubt, but you are not me.' ' I saw young Luke Mivers in Queensland,' spoke Brown sternly, seemingly bearing down upon the two men, with the strength of his rugged face and deep voice. ' The first time I see him,' said the convict, pointing a twisted finger at Slater, just as the man he addressed had pointed his at Mivers, ' was nursin yer dead daughter, Maggie, away out in the bush — their horses strayed, an him mad. Them hands an the hands of 'young Fitzgerald, wot saved yer son's life a week ago, buried her. Wot killed her ? There was a broad black stain on her breast, an a spear lay broke that the young fellow pulled out — an the Ingins flittin roun like devils. We left her there quiet below the shade. The . last we see of Luke Mivers in Queensland— where the last woid of his mad love was for yer daughter Margaret— was in the 'ospital ward. We screwed the coffin-lid down on him an carried him over to the cemetery, an we filled in his grave as gently as we filled in yer daughter's. That's why 1 say I'd j^t the detectives back if I was you.' Slater stood up swaying under the blow that had struck him. In the time it took Brown to say the few words the fire of his triumph had died out ; he came over to the speaker in the desparation of a fear. ' That is your story, is it ? — and it is well concocted and told. Now tell me, you renegade, how much Mivers has given you to trump it up. You lie.' Brown, with his sonorous voice, made answer, ' The fear in your face shows that you believe me. Ye know that Wolf Brown is not a renegade, an don't trump up lies.' Then he also stood up with a towering gesture. ' I brought that old man there something from his son. I brought you something from yer daughter, just for the sake of the time when wc used to* be together, an it's here.' He pulled a packet from his breast-pocket and laid it on the table open, pushing it over to the trembling man. There were the diamond earrings and brooch, and a long lock of her bright hair. Slater's eyes seemed to grow large and wild. He held by the table' with a shaking grip as the things struck out their lights. . ' Them's yours now. They was in the pack of her horse. I wanted you to hear me before ye come here, for the old man there does sorrow for the wrongs he done.' Mivers was seated with his hands rested upon his knees, sud a darker shade was on his face. ' Now, supposin Luke Mivers was alire, there would'nt bin no need to bluff ye with a story. Here's a confession of Pelan's that youug Mivers was plotted against when ho gave ye the forged bill.' He opened another paper and placed it beside the diamonds. ' But it might be better if bygones was forgot between ye. An if it had'nt a bin for vorr daughter, Slater, Luke Mivers would'nt a died in Queensland ; an if it had'nt a bin for yer son, Mr. Mivers. Slater would hev lost bis the other day, Yer son, sir, were ? the first to see him an get a boat's crew together.' ' My son r' asked Mivers, with a sort of cry, his hands trembling again. ' He's in Queensland, dead, but you never told me the reason before.' ' No, I didn't ; it weren't wanted to be known till now. but you've a son alive still.' The sluggish blood of the old man rose to his face. ' There's the papers showin Powers were a parson; but ye did'nt know it, an yer wife's pride sent her from ye. Bn an Fitzgerald is her son.' Slater was standing feebly before Brown. ' I don'tknow where I am. Would you take me home to where my son is ? I have been out long, aud the day is late. I am tired. Get me away, Brown, out of this house. See how old I am.' He stood upon the stairs once, with the daze in his face, to ask Brown to guess his age, and then sighed, and con tinued his descent, not waiting for any answer. _ Mr. Mivers saw the bent man leave bim, with only the childish desire to quit the house, and he was alone in the , silence of bis lofty room and the glitter of his gilded things. The past was all before bim with its merciless record. His heart had died with his son Luke, and all that he had toiled for through sin and wearness and the loneliness of an un scrupulous life was fading. It was now all for one who to him was a stranger. There were ghosts of faces and of voices near him, but from none the sound of blessing. There seemed a chorus of lamentation in the echoes, and from them the cry, ' I will mock when your fear cometh.' And he wondered, as the world slipped away, if the grave meant rest. ******** Three months after Mivers' death the stars of the morn ing shone from their pale chrome setting in the east, and pennants of colour flushed up oi the waters of the sea, catching those tints of beauty that come with the birth of light. Hills around bad the rare reflections upon their niiehty shoulders. Sails as pure as the wings of gulls were struck by the low sun, and paths and shining roads shot down from horizon to shore. Before one of these tremulous highways Helen Mivers stood, with peace on her brow, and the joy of happiness nestled in her eyes. Her hand rested in that of Bryan Fitzgerald for a tune and when she drew it away it bore the evidence of a plighted troth. THE END. 