Wi)t Hapuittia PJeralU. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1879. IMMIGBATION. Expression has of late been given to the feeling that there should for some time to come he a cessation of immigration at the public expense. Various grounds are more or less dis passionately urged in favour of this -view. It is pointed out that the harvest will not be nearly bo large as had been anticipated., that the mining interest is iii an unusually depressed state, and that consequent thereon business generally is likely to be anything but brisk. This bfeing so, not much money is likely to be expended: by private citizens in effecting improvements to their property, and public works are not likely to be conducted on any scale of magnitude during the coming season. Therefore it is urged it would be unwise to bring out to the colony people for whom no remunerative em ployment could be found. We must confess that we have never been in favour of immigration conducted in the indiscriminate method which j prevailed some years back, and we should be very sorry indeed to see [ any new arrival who really desired work unable to procure it, for there can be no doubt that of all miserable positions that of being cast on the shores of a strange country, without means, and without the possibility of obtaining employment, is most painful. But under the better system which has of late prevailed—that of bringing out immigrants in small numbers by the different vessels trading hither, instead of flooding the market with two or three full shipments at the same time—-we do not think any .such cases have occurred recently, at all events not to any great extent. Of course, despite all the care exer cised, there may come to onr shores j as Government immigrants men who «re altogether unsuited to the require ments of the place, men who failing to obtain employment at their accus tomed avocation, and not being suited for any other, find themselves placed in distressing circumstances, and wish they had never left the old country. One such case came wider our notice the other day, when a man who had been out from home only a few months called upon us for relief. He appeared to be a decent sort of man, but be wailed the fact that he had not been able to get work either at his trade or for more than a few days at any- j thing else since , his arrival—he had just walked up from Adelaide, bat had failed to find employment. On enquiring as to his trade he stated that he was a bone comb-maker! This certainly was not a trade in which it was likely he would find remunerative employment here, so that he had him self or his advisers rather than the colony to blame, and probably he was not adapted to the work at which he did manage to get a few days employ ment. It is an undeniable fact that nearly all the immigrants who have arrived in the last twelve months have been engaged withina few days of their arrival; indeed, so far as domestic servants are concerned there has always been quite a rush on the part of mistresses to secure their services, despite the fact that in a great pro portion of instances the girls have had no previous experience in that capacity, as for example in the ease of a girl sent on to Port Augusta as a general servant, who being told by her mistress to blacklead the stove, fender, &c.;, displayed at one and the same time her ignorance and her zeal by including in the process the white marble mantelpiece. Seriously, we don't think those who have recently been brought out to this colony at the Government expense have had any reason to complain of lack of em ployment ; and whilst we should be sorry to see artizans' wages re duced to an unremunerative rate we . must confess we think there is still room for a large accession to thfcir numbers—for though we are fold work is getting scarce, mason's and carpenter's wages are still so high that anything in the shape of building Is very costly to undertake, the reason salleged by the contractors being the high rates they have to pay for wages. If this be so, the men must be acting in a very short-sighted manner—one whieh must result injuriously to them selves ; it is far better to have full employment at a fair day's wage than to stand out for high rates and to se cure only two or three day's work per week. This tells against the artizan in two directions. In the first place farmers and others who would have work done if it could be executed at a roasonable cost, fjnjing the price so much above their estimates, resolve to make the old accommodation answer : -still longer; and again the nominal daily wage being so high induces artizans of the same class to find their way hither from the other colonies and elsewhere* they naturally enough sup posing that work must be plentiful, or the high rates would not be main tained. Making allowance, however, for all such errors of judgment on the part of those interested, as also for the somewhat extravagant statements of those who having reached here would gladly prevent anyoneelse doing so at the public cost, we are of opinion that it would be wise to give orders to the department at home to refrain for the next few months from sending out any additional men of the labour ing class, or to temporarily suspend free emigration altogether. It is very difficult to get at the real result of the harvest. Very conflicting statements still continue to reach us as to the aetual average yield, for as a j*ule those who have had bad crops do not forget to publish the news abroad; while those who have done well, as a rule, observe discreet silence on the subject. So that until the collectors of agricultural statistics have completed their labours and their reports have been summarized, it is difficult to say whether or not the cry of a bad har vest will prove to be as truthful as it is general. If it should not be so, there will be no difficulty in profitably absorbing a small and judiciously se / Jected influx of free immigration. It must be borne in mind that the great object of immigration is to assist in developing this fair land of ours; and it may be thought one class or other of labor may temporarily suffer, yet in the end all—producers and consumers alike—will benefit by our population being gradually increased to something nearer the number that it is cal culated to maintain. As population increases new industries will be de veloped, and others which as yet have been barely introduced will attain pro portions far beyond those at present reached, and thus we may be less en tirely dependent as a colony than we now are on the prosperity of what are now the three great staple indus tries .of the colonies—the agricultural, pastoral, and mining interests. It is . well to have these great interests to depend on, but it is not wise to rely ! entirely thereon, nor is it necessary to i do so. Scientific men are continually rnfilrmg discoveries which render one product of nature which may be plentiful available in various manu factures in place of others which had previously been regarded as indis pensable, and which not being obtain able in the colony have rendered those branches of industry apparently hope leBB of introduction here; but these discoveries may remove the difficulties. Thus, for instance, the lack of coal has J been a most serious drawback, to the ' introduction of several branches of industry in South Australia, but we hear of a discovery in America in re gard to the use of petroleum as fuel, which if proves as effective as is con fidently anticipated will place within our reach at a moderate cost not merely a good substitute for coal, but something which for purposes of fuel mil be incomparably superior and cheaper. It is altogether an unwise policy— even from a selfish point of view— which some of the ratio anti-immi grationists are advocating—that of keeping away from the colony those who would be valuable additions to the workers in our national hives, from a foolish fear lest their arrival should lead to a reduction of wages. The larger our population the greater in proportion will be our needs, and the supply of these will ensure remunera tive employment to many who in a too sparsely populated country would with difficulty obtain work of any kind. The Overland Tele&baph.;—Communi cation on this line was restored on Saturday last. The Rainfall.—Mr. Bastard informs us that tbe rainfall registered for January was nil. In January 1878, the rainfall was nil also. Mabbabel "Races.—We would remind those interested that these races will take place on Thursday nest. A capital programme has been provided, particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns. " Garden and Fmd."—The February number of this useful periodical is to hand. As usual its pages contain much that is in teresting to the general reader in addition to much original matter specially intended for the benefit of those in whose interests the paper is published. Dividends. — We note that the South Australian Gas Company, despite its threatened overshadowing by the electric light, has de clared its usual dividend. The Adelaide Steamship Company, which at its previous meeting had had a very bad half year, has now attained a position justifying it in de claring a dividend of 10 par cent, per annum. POLITICAL Changes in Francs—It will be seen by the telegrams in another column that Marshal MacMahon having resigned the Presidency of the French Republic M. Jules Grevy, President of the Chamber of Deputies, has been elected in his stead, M. Gambetta having been chosen to fill the position vacated by M. Grevy. Railway Receipts.—We note by the Gazette that the total receipts on all the Government railways for the week ending January 18 was as follows:—-Passenger re ceipts, £2,594 19s. 6d.; goods, £5,994 13s. lid.; wharfage, £102 7s".'; total, £8,692 Os. 5d., being an increase of £2,690 6s. 9d. on the receipts of the corres ponding week of 1878. Accident.—A sou of Mr. J. Larkins had a narrow escape of being killed on Thursday evening. The lad "was engaged driving a chaffcutter, at the same ■ time sitting on the wheel, when his foot was caught by some of the gear and drawn into the works. Fortu nately the horse was stopped in time to pre vent the boy being drawn in and crushed to death, and he escaped with a very badly crushed foot. Sudden Death.—A rather sudden death took place at Bakers Flat on Wednesday last. Mrs. Bridget Malone who had recently been confined, and to all appearance was getting on well, suddenly swooned away in her husband's arms and died. Dr. Blood attended deceased in her confinement and attributed her sudden death to heart disease. Mrs. Malone has left a husband and family of eleven children for whom much sympathy is felt. Prolific Vise.—Those who hold the opinion that vines will not do well in Ka punda should take the opportunity of seeing that at the rear of Mr. Mullen's in order to convince them of their mistake ; the branches from a single elderly root cover a trellis work about forty feet in extent, from which splendid bunches of luscious grapes depend bo thickly as scarce to give room for the leaves. Last year this vine yielded about 900 lbs. weight of grapes, and this year bids fair to give a wonderfully large yield of fruit. j The " Clauses' Wheat."—Our enterpris ing miller, Mr. Kimber, has imported direct from New York about twelve bushels of wheat known as " Clausen Wheat." It is distinct from other varieties, and is said to be very profitable as it is a good grain for millers, and that the quality cannot be surpassed. The grain is rather small and round, and the skin is thin. Mr. Kimber intends sowing the twelve bushels, which will enable him to test the produce next season. It would be well for this colony if varieties of wheat could be introduced that would be proof against rust. —Northern Argus. Corporation Finance.—In the report of the Corporation proceedings published in our last, it was stated that the consideration of the report of the Finance Committee was postponed till the following day, when it was revised and adopted, as follows:— Balance last meeting ... ... £24 7 9 Receipts—Sates ... ... 2 5 9 Licences... ... ... ... 3 0 6 29 14 0 Less pay-sheet ... ... ... 24 5 2 Balance... ... ... ... £5 8 10 Illustrated Periodicals. — Freorson's Weekly contains a small but well executed map of South Australia. The Lantern has a good cartoon in reference to the sale of bonds. We note that in the reading ruatter there is an article headed "Advice to Married People," the first item in which is, however, a day be hind the fair, seeing that the persons to whom the advice is addressed are supposed to be already married, unless the object is to en courage bigamy—viz., " marry in your own religion". Punch finds the subject of his cartoon in Hie city stenches, the impersona tion of which asks not to be interfered with, on the ground that he is an old citizen, in which plea he is supported by the under takers. The Retort Courteous.—When a man distinguishes himself by his chivalrous courtesy we feel that it is for the good of the community that it should be chronicled. We have such a case to make known. The other day a Gevernment officer was in a first-class carriage at Port Adelaide. With him was a female, who (as described to us) may have been a queen or a barmaid. A decent-looking man and his wife entered the carnage, where upon the G. O. rather insolently informed them that that was a first-class carriage. The •response was richly deserved. Said the man. " Thank you! I should scarcely have thought 60 from the company I find here!" There "was not the ghost of a smile on that G. 0.36 countenance the remainder of the journey.— Port Adelaide News. Complimentary Banquet.—Our genial Attorney-General, the Hon. W. H. Bundey, was with his colleague, Mr. Krichauff, entertained at a complimentary banquet at Nairne on Thursday last by the electors of Onkap&ringa;, Whilst we differ from the Hon. Attorney-General as to the advisability of the Government constructing a line through private property to Nairne, we fully endorse the opinion expressed by Ms ■ con stituents as to his great -worth, alike as a lawyer, a politician, and a Minister. It has been written that "an honest man is the noblest wort of God." Some one else has gone beyond the superlative degree, and said a still more noble work is an honest lawyer, and this every one admits is a proper descrip tion of Mr. Bundey. Gawieb Ageiccti/etrail Society.—Mr. W. C. Barton has shown us the very hand some bronze medal just received by him from the above Society as his prize for the best double-furrow plough, exhibited in March, 1878\. The medal was apparently struck by Messrs. Stokes & Martin, of Melbourne. On the one side is a figure of the goddess of Agriculture, surrounded by live stock, im plements, &c.;, whilst in the background is the 8ea with a steamer bearing away produce. On the reverse is an outer rim bearing the name of the Society, then a wreath of ferns, inside which is the inscription, " Awarded to Mr. W. C. Barton: double-furrow ploughs, March 7, 1878." The medal, which is en closed in a neat case, is, for finish and.design, a credit to the Society, and will we are sure be more highly prized by the fortunate re cipients than the value in cash. Mr. Barton is still hoping to receive the medal awarded him at the preceding show. Depabtctbe of Captain Osbobne.—We understand that Captain Osborne who has had the management of the Kapunda Mine, from the time it was leased by the Kapunda Copper Company up to the present date, has, consequent on operations having been brought to a close, resigned that post. We are in a position to state that Captain Osborne's late directors have expressed their most unquali fied approval of his management—his judg ment in all respects having proved thoroughly sound. So well satisfied were they that they intimated their intention to find him a re sponsible position in some other of (heir many mineral workings. We understand, however, that Captain Osborne has resolved to stay in the.Souti«n Hejiisphe.e awhile, and has accepted the position ot manager of the celebrated Belade Copper Mines in New Caledonia, for which place he will take his departure about a fortnight hence. We are sure Captain Osborne will have the good wishes of many Kapunda residents for his welfare in his new undertaking. The " Holloway Sanatorium."—Pro fessor T. Hollo way is not only an enter prising, but also a benevolent man. He has made an immense fortune by his medi cines, which he has succeeded in introducing to every part of the civilized world; and he has generously resolved to expend a very large amount in various institutions for the public good. He has established an insti tution for affording a first-class education to females of the middle classes, and in addition to thus aiding to develope the mental powers of those clothed and in their right minds, has also considerately remembered those whose into! lectuaijpowers have fled, by the establish ment of a sanatorium as a home for those thus afflicted. This he has partially erected at a cost thus far of £200,000, but a still larger sum will be required to complete it, besides which we understand Professor Hol loway intends to liberally endow the insti tution. One of the November numbers of the London Journal contains a very interesting account and excellent engraving of the Sana torium. Life Insurance.—On Friday evening last a lecture was delivered at the Institute Wall by Mr. Stokes, Travelling Agent of the Aus tralian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society. The Chair was taken by His Worship the Mayor, who introduced the lecturer. The attendance was very meagre, and the lecturer curtailed his remarks in consequence. He, however, gave several interesting facts illus trative of the benefits of life, assurance, and showing the advantages offered by this Society over those offered by any other. He men tioned that in these Mutual Societies those who insured divided the very large profits, which in other Societies were paid to the shareholders, and these generally doubled the value of a policy in less than twenty years,' while the certain profits made them the very best investment for young men wishing to secure a sum payable to their families after death, or to themselves at a more advanced age, while after two years the policies were indefeasible on any grounds whatever, and secure against creditors. Mi*. Small, the local agent, moved a vote of thanks to the Chair man, which was carried with acclamation. 