NOTES FROM THE PORT. :,. ; ? ? ? — From our own Corresoondent Aa notified, Tuesday, the 28th nit, was the day fixed for laying the foundation ? atone of our new Church. _ Everything passsed off without a single hitch, and the service throughout was listened to with marked attention by the numerous assem blage who sprinkled forward from all -aractipiMC Mr. P. Webster, the Snperin tendepC Fqf St John's Church Sunday School, having formed the scholars into a liMiiMap'iiii ?iffi the Bishop and the clergy, \- ^ook u^tintr respective positions near the atone, The choir having sung the Lord's Prayer and the 132nd Psalm, special collects for the occasion were read by the Rev. Chaplaa, which were followed by the lesson for the day being read by the Ven. Archdeacon Brown, followed by . the choir ainging appropriate verses from the 136th Psalm. After performing the ceremony of laying the atone. Bishop Parry delivered a neat and pithy address which was listened to with the greatest attention, upon wbioh Mr. Webster read the financial rep -rt of the building committe, which stated that upwards of £800 had already been ex pended upon the building, leaving an available balance of £1000 for further «sctton, daring which the committee cal culated upon additional Contributions by the sale of St. John's Church and land, etc, augmenting the amount about £4000. The estimated cost of erection is £5000. The amount of the day's collection amounted to £27, all of which was laid span die stone. In a cavity copies of the Inquirer, Herald, and W. A. Times were placed, together with a parchment record bearing the following inscription : — In the name of the Father and of the . Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Foundation Stone of this Edifice, hereafter to be devoted to the service of Almighty God, according to the doctrine and discipline of the Anglican Branch of the Catholic Church of Christ, was laid by the Bight Reverend Father in God, Henry Button, by Divine permission, Bishop of Perth, in the Colony of Western Australia, on the 28th day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy nine, in the presence of many witnesses- Glory to God in the Highest We all hail the establishment of a gas oompany with the greatest satisfaction ; tile investment is considered by all deep thinking men likely to prove an excellent investment, and immediately the share list is open there will be an active demand. \- On Tuesday last about mid-day, a young woman named Miss Emma Nallor, upon entering the shop of Mr. Gray, grocer of High Street, made seme insulting expres sions towards Gray and his wife, who -pomshed her so severely that it is feared J^Hife has been endangered. MissNailor's l~~~* dying deposition was taken on Saturday last during lucid intervals of reason that she exhibited. The case is cartainly a very sad one, and is still more painful from the fact that the poor girl is a homeless immigrant, and is entirely dependent upon a Mrs. Thompson; she arrived in the colony in the service of Mr. Rose. Tt is reported that there is no hope of her recovery. Monday* Feb. 3. Mr. Charxks Howlett. — The nume rous friends of this gentleman will share with us in regretting that so estimable a citizen has by death been removed from our midst Mr. Howlett had reached the ripe age of seventy y«ars, many of which he apent in this colony. A staunch mem ber of the Bechabites and other kindred v tajnrnTT'' societies, he breathed his last at oas garden residence last Sunday morn ing, and his remains were followed to the Wealeyan cemetery on Monday afternoon by apwards of one hundred of the deceased's personal friends. Exflasaxory. — Oar contemporary the Herald takes us to task because, generally, as in dealing with Mr. Parker, we refer to htm as the ' junior member for Perth.' In political matters he is so, and it is contrary to parliamentary etiquette to address him by name. It is done in England by the Press, on account of the numerous changes which occur among the representatives. We are in perfect order. The instance of Mr. Parker heading the poll at the next election, with Sir Luke jfcjbeske second, still leaves Mr. Parker the ^ 'Junior member.' Our giving him his proper parliamentary title is not a slur as suggested. *£b* Host. M. Fsasbk. — We are glad to 'am that the Honorable Malcolm Fraser kas again taken up the reins of office. So doabt his department was fairly con Jaetsd during his absence, it is much » anosw satisfactory though to those who iarobnsaiess with the Lands Office to be *fcte to eommunkate with the Chief instead fftfSipBt? or Acting officer. n JfpfWIiiawt Cowcbet— Our advertising ' mmmm-jootity a musical treat at the yjsw^BsHthk evening in the shape of a ' MM Mart, by the talented ,lf»S»ttfir«i Ihe West It will be ob iCjm0E:8»at Out programme is one suited ;- |£#SWes,«-d Wpikw of admission ^^»»-»^ .good ill HtHF Ifaiiaffii; *ft- -** **? - ' ***'* * '--*- . 