OTJB CITY LETTER. • [Prom our own Correspondent-3 Adelaide, November 23,1879. As I feared, our Government hare not succeeded jet in making arrangements that can enable tliem to defy Mr. B-rry in the matter of the postal contract. The Hon. T. King, who is now on his way to Sydney, has had an interview en route with Mr. Patterson, the Post-Master General of Victoria, and all the satisfaction he has obtained is, that the Victorian Government have agreed to forego the payment of the subsidy claimed from this colony for a participation in the new postal contract for a period of eighteen months. At the end of that time, of course unless South Australia meanwhile makes other arrange ments, if the scheme is not financially a success, which in all probability the Victorian Government will strive their best to show it is not, we shall have to pay the subsidy and grin and bear it. I hope, however, by that time we shall be ready to enter on a contract of our own with some company who will run a swift direct service here once a fortnight; as I believe were such the case, the Peninsular Company could be beaten out of the field, and the other colonies would be only too glad to share in our arrangements. We ought surely not to submit to being bullied by Vic toria if we can help it. The newest sensation in Adelaide are a series of so called spirit photographs and drawings, or rather paintingB. It is not claimed that the spirits take the photographs, all they do is to suffer their likenesses to be taken by a mortal operator with a common place camera. Apart altogether from the truth or falseness of so called spirit manifesta tions, I should have thought that the spirit photographs had been proved to be the pro duct of trickery too long ago to cause any sensation now. I can remember that the whole modus operandi was exposed ten years ago in England, and a friend of mine took the "spirit" photographs by dozens. At first, however, here people wondered what the weird looking things might really be; but Mr. Freeman of the Melbourne Photographic Company knowing, as almost every photographer does, how the thing is done, speedily put an end to astonishment by bringing out a series of photographs exactly resembling those ssM to represent the forms of spirits, and telling people exactly what was the modus operandi. The drawings are, however, very different affairs. They are said to ba executed in the dark in a very short space of time, the spirits actually painting them themselves, the " medium " through whom they act being tied down to his chair, bound hand and foot, while the process is going on. Not having seen any of the paintings pro duced I venture to express no opinion as to the truth or otherwise of the statements made, but I will say, having seen the paintings here, that if the ghost of poor Jan Steen, who it is claimed is the artist, Jan must hare sadly lost his skill since he passed into the other world. There is a slight scandal in the theatrical world in Adelaide at present. A scene has taken place at the Theatre which was not rehearsed. On Thursday morning when Mr. Garner, who is the impresario as well as one of the chief actors in the London Comedy Company, was casting the piece " Uew Men and Old Aires " to be produced tornight, a popular member of the Company refused to take the part assigned to him, on the ground that he was engaged to play certain lines of character of which the part in question was not one. It is alleged that Mr. Garner addressed some very high words to the recalcitrant gentleman, and finally wound up by striking him. Mr. Garner, however, denies the assault. Efforts are being made to bring about an arrange ment, but if these fail Mr. Garner will hare to appear at the Police Court on Tuesday morning and answer to the charge of batteiy. I belie ve also that a civil action has been brought against him for wrongful dismissal, as he has refused to permit the actor to appear again at the theatre. I sincerely trust the whole affair will prove a storm in a teapot, and that we shall be preserved from hearing its details un ravelled before Mr. Beddome. Whoever is to, ..blame, the matter does not reflect any credit qu the profession.. Speaking of theatrical affairs, I may mention that on board the Aconcagua was a well-known London character Mr. Hugh Rose, better known as Mr. Arthur 3ketchley, the author of the well-known series of " Brown papers. Mr. Sketchley is, 11 believe, on a combined tour of pleasure and business, and intends to introduce to colonial audiences his well-known humorous lecture, " Mrs. Brown at the play." it proved a great hit in London, but I do not fancy colonial audiences would be able to understand the vagaries of the good lady and the London manners of the class, to which she is sup posed to belong, to appreciate it. I wish Mr. Rose, however, every success. His career has been a strange one, and I often wonder if he ever looks lack regretfully on the day when he was the Rev. Hugh Rose, M.A., a bachelor curate, very much run after by the ladies. However, I respect him for having given up the loaves and fishes of. Anglicanism bravely as he did for conscience* sake, and for boldly facing' the world and making his living by tho sweat of his brow. I like an honest man whatever be his fate. So, success to you, Mr. Rose. 