When Mr. Borryand Mr. Pearson were starting for England, it will be remem bered that a portion of tlio Conservative nartv nronosed to send Henderson Afri- canns as a suitable representative of the Council. Their particular plan mis carried, but a little later a body which calls itself the Constitutional Associa tion, and which we believe is the ghost of the Free-trade League, became emulous of the fame of the historic tailors of Tooley-street, aud despatched Mr. F. W. Haddon to England to see that the Victorian constitution did not suffer wrong at tho . hands of the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Haddon ap plied in vain for an interview with Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, but . ho wrote with more success to various members of Parliament, volunteering to enlighten them on colonial matters, printed a highly-colored statement of Conservative views on Victorian politics for private circulation ; and by representing that he came in a semi-official character ob tained permission to address the public through the columns of the Times. The London Times, as our readers are aware, is essentially a com mercial journal, largely influenced by the views of the mercantile world ; and its correspondent in this colony habitually supplies it with a letter which is little more than a summary of the Argus. Accordingly, after printing several letters from /Sir. Haddon, from Mr. Pearson and from Mr. Baden Powell, the Times summed up that the Colonial Office ought to keep from all intermeddling, because the Council, as Mr. Haddon assured it, was pre pared to agree to a concurrent dissolution, to a reduction of the franchise, and to the Norwegian sys tem. Tho London Spectator pointed out at the time that the Times had summed up most illogically, and in defiance of all evidence ; but Mr. Haddon and his employers had none the less scored a temporary suc cess, and were entitled to boast of it. The day of reckoning has now arrived. The Legislative Council has twice during the last month rejected the concurrent dissolution and the Norwegian scheme ; once in the form of amendments to the Hearn-Sladen bill, and a second time in the form of a distinct billj introducedtiJJ Mr. Beid. Our Conservative friendsB toot stick at trifles, and this action of thfl pouncil did not prevent the Arm.M pom asserting within the last wettf! j-hst Mr. Berry's Government was pnly obstacle to tho adoption of thjn iNorwogian scheme, while Mr. Mnrnj jSmith announced at Stawoll thst trafl prominent members of the ConnB . Ugreed to it. Mr, Pearson, by a pon in the Assembly, extorted en gdll mission that Mr. Murray Smith conljfl not guarantee a majority in the Councfljl and had no idea of testing the ir.attefl practically. As, however, it is thoiHtll desirable that the outgoing msilVtdl Europe should cantrin some apology f Jl Mr. Haddon's statements in England, than gentleman has fallen- foul in alonglettejl to the Argus of Mr. Patterson, win had given credit at Castlemaine to M J Pearson for exposing that particuhn misrepresentation. Mr. Haddon notffl denies vigorously that he ever eisl couraged the idea that the Council wsffl prepared to accept the Eeid-Mnnwl scheme, or its essential parts. Patterson's letter, which we "published!! yesterday, is short, sharp aid conclusion He points out that the Times itselfl quoted Mr. Haddon as its authority fon the assertion; and wo may- add that! Mr. Haddon never attempted to correct! the false impression of the Times, if hf! did not intentionally create it. We havll not his " semi-official statement" before! us, and wo do not know what reptl sentations he used . in private to tha! editor of tho Times; but judgiaghiiS by tho letter he quotes we ore boasd! to say that we think it justifies Jl|l Patterson's construction, though a dij.| ingenuous phrase here and there hal! been so constructed as to admit of i! different rendering. However, we shall! be quite eontent to leave the matter to! the verdict of the English press ; infl are not sorry to think that it has i| convincing specimen of those Conserf| tive tactics which have been si! often employed in this colony|l For tho rest, Mr. Haddon has either | exceeded his powers as agent in Europt | or else his principals in Victoria hart! thrown him over in a very free and easy! fashion. 11 II The American traveller, who presented! himself at the doors of her Majert/ij opera lu London, was surprised to leant I from the box-keeper that a ticket was! not sufficient to secure admission to thi! boxes ; the ticket must be accompanied! by full evening dress. In vain he prohl tested that he was. a free and enlightened | citizen of the United States ; the rnlei| and regulations of her Majesty's open'| must bo rigidly adhered to, and evening! dress is as indispensable' as a ticket Thd| deputy judge of the Court of Mines 1 Sandhurst appears to he quite as rigidl a disciplinarian as the box keoper in thil story. Thero ore certain rules and nil gulations of procedure in that courll which may be very useful in themselvei! but which appear to the outward! eye in much the same light as those o(l the Opera House. It is not enough'! that an appellant should bring a prtWl facie caso of right before the court fl he must also be prepared to show tha(| copies of certain documents have beef! delivered to the clerk of the court! at the proper .time. If it should! happen that these' copies have n«f<| been so deliyered. the- unlucky. ap|| pellant is told that his appeal cannot be! listened to, and that he must pay his I adversary's costs as well as-lna ownlj Such is the practice revealed on a .ie| cent application for' a writ of manimmA against the deputy judge, requiring thai to show cause why he should ho| hear and determine a certain apSj peal which he had refused to heat on this ground. It appeared that! a complaint had Jt>een brought Befl fore the warden at Sandhurst, in whicKy the defendants were charged with hav-J-l ing obstructed a water course belonging! to the complainants. The warden ha?-|j ing made his order, the dissatisfiadj party appealed to the Court of Minet|j When the case was called on, the re-jl spondeift objected that " a copy of tht. l " complaint before the. warden, and si " copy of his decision, had not been de " livcred to the clerk of tho court," asl required by sec. 20 of the statute. Tho| appellant's counsel contended that that copies might be delivered then, the see|l tion in question being not imperative, |j but directory. While the learned couu-i j sel was arguing this point the required! copies were handed in, but the deputy! judge held that it was too late, and diiyj missed the appeal, with £2i SsI Cd.|j costs. The motion for a mandamiiA was refused, on tho grbund that'! the question involved was a mere! matter of procedure, and that the! ruling of the .deputy judge was anyl exercise of discretion'1 with which the! Supremo Court would not interfere. Tie! learned Chief Justice, in. giving this de-|l cision, expressed his surprise at the maol ner in which the deputy judge . hsd|l exercised his discretion, and remarked|J that he would have lieard the appeal had! it come before him udder such circum! stances. $; It is to be hoped that this expression of opinion will have the practical effectjl of a miandamus, and that tha deputy|j judge will intimate his intention to he»r|j the appeal at the next sittings of| his court. It is- also to . be hopedsj that it will serve to shew him, aedd other judges of inferior courts, that all slavish deference to technical rules-ohl procedure is not a whit more commend, able to legal intellects of a cultivated| type than it is to popular apprehensioatj ltules of procedure require tobe enforced,! but there is reason in all things, and|l there is no reason whatever, in denying justice to a suitor simply because his so|l licitor or his solicitor's clerk- may hajej omitted to comply with a very trivial rule. . In tho present case the injustices of tho decision was flagrant. Ths res-J pondent in the Court of Mines could not! possibly have been prejudiced by theJ fact that the appellant had failed to deJ liver copies of certain- documents to.tlie|| clerk of the court. Even if the . copiesy had not be«n forthcoming when the «P FORD'S TATENT AIH-WINDINO ENGINES «( AIK- FUMP1NG ENGINES, lor BinkiflgwiaMMFt inir shaits. and draining levels. .J Affc.it: MICHAEL FORD, 62 Collins-straflt «« MolbourDe. A (ToHOITS" PIG IKON, -cIpan-runnlnK, iM strouff, touffk and easily dressed. R- J0Daj son, 1 Quoeii- strcut. 1 "7 nn" H O Mis JE|! N N I N 0 W liLACKSMlTH, ORNAMENTAL IBON WOBKffj| Girdar Maker, and Coloration Iron) eranrM«"wn 32 ELIZABETH-STREET NORTH, Melbourne, J Orders punctually attended to. ' , rrtUE FULTON FOUNDRY COMPANY (JJmWW 0 Melbourne, , .0 try- dlSO Ulej -"W- -tuMV. ' it, and tho question should. been tried at once. Of all the cou s the colony the Courtof Mines is thsiw in which a rigid observance of me y technical rules should he enforced, the expense of. substantial Mining canaot be carried on race cannot run its limpid course thwofl a rock-bound gully without the litigious propensities. of-P®""— I . wMera Tho legislature. Las. pro- Kraacliinery for the speedy hearing ri determiiiation of these disputes: but la nerer intended that this machinery |u te abused for tho purpose of en- lL«rae' quibbles and inflicting penal- fepon litigants which practically jnoiint to a denial of justice. Iivr "School of Cookery" recently led at tho Atheareutn may have somo I'rarUnt influence 011 the destinies of Iflrtoiia. Without going so far as the IdLisstffho declared that " tho fate I cations depends upon how they are ltd." ire confess to a proper apprecia- ltaofthe relations between the physi- lijTiinil tho morale of man. IT, nkooked steak lias often been |.u to the finest efl'ort of orator', and Is.nstric disturbance induced by on ill- lift potato has not unfrequently lied useless tho finest combi- \li of diplomacy Mirabeau dc- |S that if lie had but a suf- |Lt «f ovsters 1,0 c 6av Ita of Franco, and tho groat Na- KZn always attributed his defeat at Riipiic to the toughness of aehickcn. Tlio ijjous gastronome de Cussy, who may lire favorably witli lirillat-Snvarin, | n cookery is a political science, and Ikiuts that history should be written La gastronomic point of view. Ac- Ik? to him the genius of Germany bib in sauer- kraut and sausages, the |l« institutions of England are due to Ik liberal fare, the " pillau" of Turkey led the " ol'o podrida" of Spain reveal Ilk respective tendencies of tho two Inlieos whilo caviare affords the Iplo'tlio mysteries of Russian diplo- Lff. hut the English-speaking race lue not given to gourmandise. Caremo |k the service of tlie Duke of Wclling- |k because that simple chieftain I'terer knew what lie had for dinner." Our American cousins If, proverbial for their lack of lisDigcnco in the art of dining, and tvo Tttorians are rather woiae than Ameri- lr, Apart from the female monsters lib fry steaks in fat and stick forks lb chops while yet upon the gridiron, llffTith'e "decent, oopkwiy :k. thwro" "in Igfaty social life. 3 11 the one or two tibs and some half-dozen eatinghouses rr hotels 011c finds food properly pre law!, hut the prices charged arc on the | ,!ule far too high, and anything like hintiness in the serving is wholly out ptie question. With it spdendid sca- |H we rarely get iisli, and "though Ipse is plentiful it is comparatively » |st to see it upon the tables even of ihe.wealthy classes. At the best houses lie diner-out meets with dishes perilous lb -squeamish stomachs, and now and |lh an unlooked-for visit reveals a lior- |cble tendency to return to the bleeding |killock-llesli " and barbaric masses of ceat which were the original provender III the early pioneers. I Perhaps much of this wicked igiio- ijtce of how to best nourish tlio body irises from the 'efforts of colonial society to gain a higher platform. The kitchen liilookcd upon with distaste by many as | bring been tlio place where in early life they supped full of sorrows. The liahition of the rising generation is to Ilwgettlie day of small things, and its E pudice is to affect a profound ignorance | of tho useful side of life. Endowed B with the meansof hiring cooks, our ladies H oi fishion think it beneath their dignity to inquire whether the domestic who receives the money lias any right to the fe, ir.i as a delicate perception of IrpalateisuUom the property of a nouveau | rich, the fact that there is .'esthetic IJdeqfh in the pot is left to be dis- H covered by the unlucky guests. And » jet it is upon the genius of tho kitchen U tkt a fashionable establishment 'of H this sort should base its solid pre- B temions to favor. Men can forgive a B little vulgarity in manners, and pardon much eccentricity in dress ; but a bad H dinner is not to be forgiven. " Animals I" feed, men eat, wiso men dine," and tho brightest intellects have not disdained to I brandish a stew paH in their less serious moments. When wo remember that Talleyrand summoned to his cabinet the chief officers of his kitchen to consult with them upon the disposition of his dinner, and that Rossini locked himself lap with Dumas for 48 hours to "compose" n sauce, we do not think that any Australian born person need I be afraid of losing caste by paying some ittention to the ameliorating and I humanising art of cookery. Indeed, if I the conjecture of the Marquis do Cussy I be anywhere near the truth, it may bo I that the nquirerncnt of a knowledge of I gastronomy by the -uppor classes will | ®dbly mitigate the rigors of Conserve I t«» policy. The Liberal statesman lives I " sparingly, and upon simple H '. The Conservative, being always I,- "1 the suddenly enriched class, makes | well meant efforts, blind gropings after B tany and refinement, and suffers from Bjhe. inevitable consequence of eating French dishes cooked by a creature who Be few months back was boiling potatoes ma pot on tho edge of the Bog of Allen. Much of tho acerbity of . tho wnaerrative character will, we venture jothiiik, be found to arise from physio- Kgical causes, aucl possibly a course a, oleaoma a,id simple food would wing the most violently ignorant to a tapnsa of his place in tho scheme of jeutical things. vu'' 's nh to bo expected that . "Ucphcrson will forsake the secu- |uty of the Athenaeum Hall for tho dan- gerous post of ministering to the gusta- hq wants of tho exponents of Conscr- titive policy. She js doing good work 'here she is, and if she succeeds hi It r one Iwdies who visit | j® . 0 t® mako melted butter — an But ttmplfx miinditiis — she will have |toe nobly. The establishment of In . Cookery lias been a in London, and there is much need for one here. The South cnsington National Training School « lookery, established in 1S74, has lVjie'Te. prodigiousfavor. Its Elun , 's le mosb perfect compila- w® we have seen, for . it leads the f B!eP by stop in nil processes, " we making up of tlfe fire to tho a hot plate. The course of _ 10ri fr a pupil in the school is „ler8 a»fl salutary. She com- ftiifi Scullery and 1 demonstration, -spends a en# r !n. rt'aan -Practice, giving up ortnight to learning, and another mJu .Tlle lasfc mo'dh is de- Hut a c''ce Demonstrating, so 1 ,. woman is fitted either to cook aiiraer herself or teach her servants tj.- ,, 0 !t- '0 use the word " woman" l!Sy,.for' as the lat0 Aspinall h a - a female who objected "ft ' "i, Diat Saxon expression, a 8Hd thing for tho ii_ F'.'Wjjdam, if there were more a j0!0 ''' ant fewer ladies." And 1.. , even a " lQdy" quite fulfils eatthly mission if by means of bad begpoils ber husband's diges- fcm i hia political percep- 