THE- CLOVEN FOOT Ry rnk Acthok or Ladt Attoirr'a Seotit, &.c., Ac. c ijarrrn XLI. (continued).— Mns K\iit . makes a Revelation. To listened for Jemima'p clumping foot- Coll going downstairs. It anno at last, and lie knew that the girl was gone to her meagre supper, and the 00036-17119 clear for Mis. F.vitt's revelation, ' He shut his hook ..nd went quietly upstairs. Never nntil now had George Gerard known the meaning ot fear ;' but it was with actual fear that lie en tered Mrs. Evitt's rooin, dreading the dis covery he was going to make. Ho. was startled at finding the invalid risen, ind with her dingy black stuff gown drawn on iver her.night.gear, ; "Wty in heaven's name did- you get up ?" . ho nsked. ' If you wore to take .cold you would be evep .so much worse thou you- -havo been yet". " I know It," answered Mrs. Erltt, with.her teeth chattering, " but I cah't holp that. I've ;ot to go up-stairs to the second floor back, and roa innet go with ine." "What fori" . " I'll toil you that presently. I wont you to iell me something first." Gerard took a blanket off the bed, and wrapped it round the old woman's shoulders, She was sitting in front of the fire, just where Temima hod sat darning her stocking. " I'll tell you anything you like," answered Gerard, "but I shall, be very savage if you satch cold!" " If an innocent person was suspected of a m order, and tha evidence was Btrong against him, and another person knew he hadn't done It and Baid nothing, and let the law toko its course, would the other person be guilty ?" " Of murder 1" cried Gerard, " of nothing less than murder. Having the power to save on' innocent life, and not saving it i What , oould that be but mtirder I" " Are you sure - Jemima isn't outside, en tho listen?" aaked Mrs. Evitt.auspioioualy. "Just ?p to the door and look," Geirard ofceyed. " There's not a mortal within earshot," ho :.aid, "Now, my good soul, don't waste any more time. It's evident you know all about this murder." " I believe I know who did it," said the old woman. . "Who?' " I can remember that awful night as well as f it was yesterday," began Mrs. Evitt, making .trange swallowing noises, as if to keep down icr agitation. " There we all stood on the 'anding outside tlda door — Mrs. Rawber, Mr. Oesrolles, me and Mr. Chicot. Mrs. Rawber nnd me was all of pwitter ; Mr. Chicot looked : .t white as a ghost ; Mr. Desrolles was the voolest among us. He took it all quiet enough, nnd I felt It was a comfort to have somebody there that had his wits about him. It was him hat proposed Bending for a policeman." "Sensible enough," said Gerard. "Nothing wa9 further from my thoughts than to suspect him," . pursued - Mrs. Evitt. "He had been with me; off and on, for five years, and he'd been . a quiet lodger, coming in nt his own time, with his own key, nnd giving very little trouble. He had only one fault, and that was his liking for the bottle. He and Madame Chiccrt had been very friendly. He seemed to take quite a fatherly :sro of her, and had brought her home from the theatre many a night, when her husband as at his club." "Yes, yes," cried Gerard, impatiently. 'You've told me that often before to-night. \- >0 on, for goodness sake. Do you mean to ( ,'iay that Desrolles had anything to do with the I aurder?" " He did it," said Mrs. Evitt, whispering into ' he surgeon's ear. ".How do you know,? What ground have ; ou for accusing, him ?" " The best of grounds. There was a strug gle between that poor oreature and her mur- lerer. 'Wheoi I Went in to look nt her as she \- sy there, before the doctor had touched her, <nu of her hunds was clenched tight — as if he'd clutched at something in her last gasp. In that clenched hand I found a tuft of iron- grey hair — just the color of Desrolles' hair. I could swear to it." " Is that all yourevidettco against Desrolles ? The fact is strongly in favor of poor Treverton, .ad you were a wicked woman not to reveal 't. at the inqnest ; but you cannot condemn Desrolles upon the evidence of a few grey ii.iiiv, unless you know of other evidence i; niust him." " I do," said Mrs. Evitt. " Dreadful evi- d nice. But don't say that I was a wicked ' cman because I didn't tell it at tho inquest. '! here was nobody'3 life in danger. Mr. < hicot hod got safe off. Why should I up and 1 i.-ll that which would hang Mr. Desrolles. He Lad always been a good lodger to me; and 1 .tough I could never look at him after that time without feeling every drop of blood t .irnod to ice, and though I was thankful to I'rovidonce when he left me, it wasn't in me hi tell that which would be his death." " Go on," urged Gerard. " What was It you discovered?1' " When the policeman had come in and looked about him, Mr. Desrolles says, 1 X shall, yo to bed ; I ain't wanted no mora here,' and 'ic goes back to his room, as quiet and as cool is if nothing had happened. When the sergeant :ftino hack an hour afterwards, with a gentle man in plain clothes, which was neither more not- less thou a detective, then; two went into every room in the. house. I went with them to show the way, and to-.open cupboards and such like, They went tip' into Mr. Desrolles's room, aud he was sleeping lilce a-lamb. He grumbled a hit at us for , disturbing him. ' Look about as lunch as you like,' he said, ' as long as you tlon t worry me. Open all the drawers. You won t find any of 'em looked. I haven't a very e.ctensivo wardrobe. X can keep count of my c!utht3 without an inventory,' _'A yery plea sant gentleman,' . said the detective, after wards.'' " Did they find nothing ¥' asked Gerard. " Nothing, yet they looked and pried about very careful. There's only otje closet in the sccand-floor bock, and that's . behind the head ei the bed. The bed's a tent with chintz cur tains ail , round. They looked under the hod, find they went so for as to move the chimney hoard . and . look up the chimney ; hut they didn't movo the bed. I suppose they didn't want to disturb Mr, Desrolles, who had- curled himself ' ' up' in ' the bedclothes aud gone 'r off to sleep again. ' X suppose there ain't no cupboards in this room ?' Bays the detective, I was that- tired of dancing at. Lendancc upon them that I just gave my head a shako that might mean anything, and thsy went -down stairs to the parlors to worrit Mrs. iinwher." ' ' Hero Mrs. Evitt.'paused, as if exhausted by much speech. " Come, 'old lady," said Gerard kindly, "take a little of this barley water and then go on. Vou are keeping me on tenter hooks." Mrs. Evitt drank, gasped two or three times, nd continued — " I don't know what put it into my head, hut '.iter the two men was gone I couldn't help. '.Linking about that cupboard, and whether 1 hero mightn't be something in it that the de- tcctivo would .like to have found. . Mr. Des rolles came downstairs at eleven o'clock and vent out to get his breakfast — as he called t — but I knew pretty well when he went out if doors for his breakfast he breakfasted upon orandy. If he wanted a cup of tea or a bloater, 1 got- it for. him, but there was mornings when he liadnt appetite to pick a bit of bloater rith r. slice of bread and butter, and then he vent out of doors." "Yes, yes," assented Gerard, "pray go m." " M hen he was gone I put up the chain of he frontdoor, so as to make sure of not being- disturbed, and I went straight npto his zoom. rTaD»cnie11 with the author. 1 if 1 ""wsw T moved the bedstead and opened the cupboard door. Mr. Desrolles had no key to tho cup- hoard, for tho key was lost when he first came -to me, and though it had turned up afterwards, Ihadzft troubled to give it him. What did ho want with keys, when all the property huhad in the world wasn't worth a five-pound note ?" " Go on, thero'a a good soul." " I openod the cupboard. It was a queer, old-fashioned closet in tho wall, and the door- was papered over just the Bame as the room. It was so dark inside that I had -to light a -candle before I -could see anything there. There was not. much to see at first, even with the candle, but I went down upon my knees, and hunted in the dark corners, and at last I. found Mr. -Desrolles's old cluntz dressing-gown, rolled up smnll, and stuffed into the darkest corner of the cup board, -under a -lot- of -rubbish. He'd been wearing it only a. day or -two -before,, and X knew it as well -as I knew. him. 1 took it' over to tho window and unfolded it, and there was tho evidence that told who had murdered that poor creature lying cold on her bed in the roontbelow. The front of the dressing-gown and one 0! the sleeves were soaked in blood. It must have flowed in torrents. The stains were hardly dry. " Good Lord," says I to myself, " this would bong him," and I takes and rolls the gown up tight, and puts it bock in the corner, and covers it over with other things, old news papers and old clothes, and such like, just as it was before. And then I runs downstairs and' routs out tha key of the closet, and takes and looks It. I was all of a tremble while I did it, but I felt there was a power within me to do it. I had but just put the key in my pocket, when" there came a loud knocking downstairs. From the time Mr. Desrolles had gone out it wasn't quite a quarter of an hour, but I felt pretty Bure this was him come back again. I pushed back the bed, and ran down to the door, still trembling inwardly. ' What the ' (wicked word) — ' did you put the chain up for?' ho asked, angrily, forit was him. I told him that I felt that : nervous, after laat night that I was ob liged to do it. He smelt strong of brandy, and I thought . that ho was looking strange, like a man that feels all queer in his inside, and-, struggles not to show it. 1 1 Buppose X must put myself into a clean shirt for this inquest,' he says, and then he goes upstairs, and I wonders within myself how he feels as . he goes by the door where .that poor thing lies." " Did ho never ask you for the key of the closet ? " Never. Whether lie guessed what had happened, and knew that I suspected him, X can't tell — but he never nsked no questions, and the closet has been locked up to this day, and I've got the key, nnd if you will come upstairs with me I'll show you what I saw that dreadful morning." " No, no ; there's no need for that. Tho police are the people who must see the inside of that closet. It's a strange business," snid Gerard, " but I'm more glad than I can say for Trevcrton's sake, and for the sake of his lovely young wife. What motive could this Desrolles have had for such a brutal murder ?" Mrs. Evitt shook her head solemnly. " That's what I never could make out," sbo said, " though I've lain awake many a night puzzling myself over it. I know she hadn't no money — I know that him and her was al ways friendly up to the last day of her life. But I've got my idea about it."' " What is your idea ?" asked Gerard. " That it was done when he was out of his mind with deliriia tremings." "But have you ever seen him mad from the effects of drink?" " No, never. But how can we tell that it didn't come upon him sudden in the dead of the night, and worked upou him until he got up and rushed down stairs in his mad ness, and cut that poor thing's throat." "That's too wild an idea. That a man should be raging mad with delirium tremens be tween twelve nnd one o'clock, and perfectly sane at hdlf-past two, is hardly within tho range of possibility. No. There must havo been a motive, though we cannot fathom it. Well, I thank God that conscience has im pelled you to tell the truth at last, late as it is. I shall get you to repeat this statement to hlr. Leopold to- morrow. And now get back to bed, and I'll send Jemima up to you with a cup of good beef tea. God grant that this fel low Desrolles may be found." " I hope not," said Mrs. Evitt. ' If they find him they'll hang him, and he was always a good lodger to me. I'm bound to speak of him as I found him." "You wouldn't speak very well of him if you hod found him at your throat witli a razor." "Ah," replied the landlady, " I lived in fear and dread of him ever after that horrid time. I've woke up in. a cold perspiration many a time, fancying that I heard his breathing close beside my bed, though I always slept with my door locked and the kitchen table pushed against it. . I was right down thankful when he went away, though it was hard upon me to have my second floor empty — and Queen's taxes, and all my rates coming in jnst as re gular as when my house was fulL" Gerard insisted on his patient going, to bed without further delay. She was flushed and excited by her own revelations, and would have willingly gone on talking till midnight, if her doctor bad allowed it. But ho wished her good night, and went downstairs to sum mon the well-moaning Jemima, who was a very good sick nurse, having ministered to a large family of stepbrothers and stepsisters through teething, measles, chicken-pox, mumps, and all the ills that infant flesh is lieir to.. George Gerard communicated early next day with Mr. Leopold, and that gentleman came at. once to Mrs. Evitt's bedside, where he had a long and friendly conversation with that lady, who was well enough to be inordi nately loquacious. She was quite fascinated by the famous lawyer, whose manners seemed to her the perfection of courtesy, nnd she re marked afterwards that if her own neck had been in peril she could hardly have refused to answer any questions he asked lier. Once master of his facts, at first hand, Air. Leopold chartered a hansom and drove to the shady retreat where his client was languishing in durance. Laura was with her husband when the lawyer came. She started up, pale and agitated, at his entrance, looking to liim as the one man who was to save an innocent life. " Good news," said Leopold, cheerily. "Thank God," murmured Laura, sinking hack -in her chair. " "Wo have found the murderer." "Found him," cried Treverton ; "how, and where.?" ' " When I say found, I go rather too for," said Leopold, " but we know who he is. It's the man I suspected from the beginning— your second flopr lodger, Desrolles." Laura gave a cry of horror. " You need not pity him, Mrs. Treverton," said Mr. Leopold. " He'3 a thorough-paced scoundrel. I happen to be acquainted with circumstances that throw a light upon his motive for the murder. He is quite unworthy of your compassion. I doubt if hanging — in the gentlemanly way in which it's done now — is had enough for him. He ought to have lived in a less refined age, when he would have had his last moments enlivened by the yells and profanity of the populace." " How do yon know that Desrolles was the murderer?" asked John Treverton. Mr. Leopold told hiB client the gist of Mrs. Evitt's statement. Treverton listened in silence. Laura sat quietly by, white as marble. " The young surgeon inCibber-streettells me that Mrs. Evitt will be well enough to appear in court next Tuesday," said Mr. Leopold, in conclusion. " If she isn't, we must ask for another adjournment. I think you may con sider that you're oixt of. it. It would -ho im possible for any magistrate to commit you, in the .face of this womanfs evidence ; but Mr.' Desrolles will have to be found all the same, and the sooner he's found tho better. I shall set the police on his track immediately. Don t look so frightened, Mrs.' Treverton. The only way to prove yonr husband's iunoconco is to bIiow that somo ono else is guilty. I wish you eould help me with any information, that would put the police on tho right scent," ' lie added, turning to John Treverton. " I told you yesterday that I could not help you." "Yes, but youf manner- gave mo tho idea that you were keeping back something. That you could— and if you would — have given me a-clue." " Your imagination — despite the grim realism of police courts — must ba very lively." " All, I see," said Mr. Leopold, " you mean to stick to your text. "Well, this fellow must bs found somehow, whether you like or not. Your good name depends upon our getting somebody convicted," "Yes," cried Laura, starting up, and speak ing with sudden energy, " my husband's good name must bo saved at nny cost. What is this man to us, John, that we should spare him ? What -is he to me- that his safety should bs considered before yours?' " Hush, -dearest I" Baid John, soothingly. " Let Mr. Leopold nnd mo manage this business between us." 