SAYINGS AND DOINGS IN COLONIAL ATHENS. w - BY ROUNDABOUT. _ _ i RECOMMENDED TO GARDENERS. A young man having heard a minister fre quently declare that Adam and Eve were turned out of the Garden of Eden for eating of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil asked his pastor if any cuttings of that tree had been secured, as he was anxious to have a few for propogating the first fruits of knowledge in his garden at Salisbury. MEN OF LETTERS. Literary men are said to be men of letters ; this term is a misnomer, the true man of letters is a postman. SOFT SOAP. Some Gawler folks have such a large stock of this article that they bestow it plentifully on everybody. Soft soap is used instead of butter by some storekeepers, hence the old saying of 'buttering people over ' when they go to make purchases. HORRID PROFANITY. Mr Taylor proposes to open the Institute on the Sabbath. While I am sure enlightened and intelligent citizens will regard -this move ment as a step in the right direction, there are a few lop-sided individuals who will consider it as. a 'horrid profanity of the Lord's Day.' To my thinking it is better to read good books and periodicals than to listen to the dull, sleepy sermons delivered by clerics. I know which is likely to do most good to the mind. The open- ing of the Institute on Sunday will counteract the terrible effects of having nothing to employ spare time on Sunday. EVER OF THEE. A man wbo had returned to Gawler after six years absence, last week pitched inlto his wife till she shrieked for assistance. Quite an ex- cited crowd gathered round the door, and cries of 'lynch him! lynch him' were uttered in threatening tones. Doubtless this would have been carried out, as the attitude of the mob was rather ominous. The wife-beater however bolted, and rushed off, but after a short time a police trooper handed him a summons to appear at the Police Court on charge of assaulting his wife. He did so, and strange to say she did not attend to prosecute, consequently the case lapsed. An old proverb states that 'a dog will lick the hand that strikes.' and we know how forgiving some women are. God bless their hearts! I'm astonished that husbands can be such brutes as to deny them everything they want, including dress trains of six yards long. Someone at my elbow just remarks, ' a bad husband is better than none at all.' PLEASE LEND FATHER THE FAPER. The aged individual who has read the Bunyip borrowed from his neighbor instead of sub- scribing for it himself would scruple at nothing, if it was even to depasture his goat on the grave of his grandmother in the cemetery. INSOLVENCY. Insolvency looks bad when the assets are nil and the liabilities £5.000. A strict church going barber recently failed for this amount, and all his creditors had to share was two lather-boxes, a cracked mirror, one cake of scented soap, and four gapped razors. SILENT REMINDERS. The latest and most polite method of remind- ing a creditor of his indebtedness has been in- troduced by a tradesman in this town. He has had a ' forget me not ' printed on some of his billheads, while others bear the appropriate motto, ' Remember me.' THE EDITOR'S DEPARTURE. Your country editor is smart; he is, knows a thing or two, and is death on spirits, especially of the publichouse order. Though a public man he does not believe in publicans, and is full of information about everything and every body. He loves the lower rooms of the Insti- tute. and those who meet there to confirm the doctrines of spiritualism. He has by sheer hard work raised the ghost of his grandmother, which is satisfactory to his followers. He left this neighborhood last week, and 'Colonial Athens' is in mourning, the churches are hung in black, and there is n demand for crepe and kid gloves, ditto pockethandkerchiefs, for which there has been quite a run on the stores. [N.B.— Woodman and Fowler advertise coffins latest style cheap.] Before leaving Taylor took his photo. for solar size. See Institute Reading-room, or the Club below stairs, where a copy may be hanging— not on a gallows. The jeditor is admired at the Council Chambers, and the Councillors forgive him anent 'Star Chamber practice.' How is it no testimonial was given him? The most appropriate and best for a spiritualist would be a case of spirits. I hope this editor won't think me rough, but I'm a 'rough card' at the best of times, and I'll 'let him down easily' now he's gone May he have good luck in the future, that's all the harm I wish him. By the way, the follow- ing rhyme has just been sent for insertion : — 'Farewelll ' he cried,' a long farewell to Gawler, I go, but shall not soon come back, Unless along the line I am a caller, When bound for Burra by the railway track. Farewell to all with whom I've mixed or tarried, Adieu to those for whom I've daily toiled To lasses fair whom once I might have married, To prospects splendid which are now quite spoiled. Farewell unto tbe worthy Corporation, To able Councillors and stirring Mayor, To those who kept me in such agitation When'er they met and I was present there. Farewell to Police Court, and those local cases, To J.P.'s wise, and P.M. Mr Hawkes; To residents whose kind familiar faces Have greeted me where'er I've ta'en my walks. Farewell to Murray-street, where oft I've pon- dered, On all 'Colonial Athens' ought to be; Farewell to Park Lands, where at times I've wandered When Cricket Clubs an ' Umpire ' made of me. My stumps are down, my wicket bails have parted, I'm bowled out cleanly by the hand of Time; Farewell dear Bunyip I feel broken-hearted, Forgive ! but pray insert this humble rhyme, 'Twas spirits led me. not of earth, but heaven. And well I know they led me far astray; Yet ne'er from Gawler shall my faith be riven, It's memory will be with me night and day. Ail the papers in the colony had leading articles on the new year ; one of these was quite a literary curiosity, and must have taken months to compose. I have had it framed and glazed to preserve it. The word we occurred 25 times, and the word our 25 times in about 60 lines. Wbo shall say pronouns are not use- ful ? A man named Munday advertises that he gave shelter and support to a Mrs Creek, who was left destitute by her husband. Why make a boast of such a kind (?) act. Virtue is its own reward. This is a dry topic, but its just like all the creeks at this time of year. A CHANCE FOR SOMEBODY. The following advertisement met my eye a few days ago in the Advertiser :— ' Wanted a nightman.' I don't know how trade is in that business in Gawler, but it appears in Adelaide they have to advertise for one of this fra- ternity. Why were the Kensington players likely to do justice to the spread given by the Gawler Cricket Club on New Year's Day ? Because they brought a good Cook with them. What persons are constantly sticking up ? Bill stickers. Why are the parents of a cross child like a vessel out at sea ? Because they have to put up with occasional 'squalls.' What American river does one of the U.S. Minstrels remind you of ? The Hudson. What fine plant is fouud in the Barossa district? The Lady Alice mining plant. 'Why is a spiritualist who cannot get a proper manifestation like a man who hasn't got fourpence in his pocket? Because he's short of means to raise ' spirits.' Band of Hope. — The unmarried lady's band of hope is a hus band. 