IN THE BARBER'S SHOP. BY FIGARO. "I have gathered a posie of other men's flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own."—MONTAIGNE. IN the search for flowers with which to make up my weekly posie, I frequently wander through byways seldom trodden by the general public. My doing so is not unseldom rewarded. Sometimes I light upon a hidden treasure which it affords me pleasure to cull, at other times it is the reverse. Following out my practice in this way last week, I glanced down the list of deaths in the Melbourne Hospital, as published in the Argus "Summary." There I found the following:—"Lee, Richard Egan, aged 70 years, native of Wiltshire; came to the colony in 1868, ship Monarch; died February 20, from gangrene of the lungs." Of course, I may be wrong in supposing that the person whose death is thus recorded was the same Richard Egan Lee who was the proprietor and publisher of that vile print the "Police News." But I don't think I am; for the name is something out of the common, and the age given tallies with my recollections of the man. I feel sure you will not have forgotten how I more than once did my level best to make the authorities suppress that man's publication; and I may tell you that I scarcely ever felt more disappointed over anything than I did that Lee always managed to escape through the meshes of the legal net on the few occasions when it was cast to catch him. He has now passed beyond the reach of earthly praise or blame; and fully recognising the humanity, if not the justice, embodied in the much-hackneyed quotation "De mortuis nil nisi bonum," I will refrain from pursuing him beyond the grave, merely expressing the hope that the vicious mantle he wore when living has been buried with him. If this should be so, then I, for one, can heartily say, for the good of the community, that Lee's death is not a matter over which I can mourn. That his was a a misspent life I've more cause for knowing than you wot of. In all charity I hope he repented of it ere he gave up the ghost. I had an opportunity the other evening of seeing—or would it not be more correct to say, hearing?—some telephone operations. My friend "the South Yarra Post-master" has had an apparatus fitted up, communicating with his office and his private residence, and he kindly invited me to witness it at work. The result was perfectly satisfactory—messages being sent and answers received, almost instantaneously. I can easily conceive that this latest addition to his business paraphernalia will be a boon not only to Mr. Turner, but to those who have to do business with him. Should the postmaster be "at home" when they call, and their business require him to be communicated with, the telephone will be much more expeditious than sending a messenger. It often occurs, I'm told, that persons call after office hours to make inquiries, to which no one but the post-master himself can give a reply; and his anxiety to oblige such inquirers as far as possible is one among other reasons which have led to the fitting up of this instrument. That it will prove a great convenience I cannot doubt, and I'm sure that in having adopted it Mr. Turner has laid the public under obligation to him. I'm permitted to state that any one wishing to see the instrument operated with, will be cheerfully accorded an opportunity, if they apply at the South Yarra post-office after 6 o'clock in the evening of any day excepting Saturdays or Sundays. I think this is the first telephone that has been fixed in this district for practical use, but as its value becomes developed, I strongly suspect it won't be the last. The popular and talented actress, Miss Dargon, got her name altered in an advertisement in Monday's Argus/in a fashion she will, I should think, hardly care about. For she was thereby transformed from a Dargon into a Dragon! The accident was a simple one, but it makes all the difference. Two customers of mine were the other evening somewhat warmly discussing political matters. Amongst other subjects, they speculated as to what would have to be done supposing Mr. Berry returned from England without what his party would consider a satisfactory solution of the chief point he went home to get solved. "Do?" ejactutated [sic] one of the disputants, "Why, we shall have to rely upon ourselves; and, if the worst comes to the worst, 'cut the painter!'" "Cut the painter!" derisively shouted the other, "Egad, my boy, if we're not very careful the painter'll cut us!" As to the rumour that Mr. Berry is to be knighted. You'll possibly remember that when the Embassy business was first broached, I suggested the likelihood of this happening. That a knighthood will be offered to Mr. Berry I've very little doubt. Will he accept it? Not if he's wise. For already I've heard more than one staunch friend of his declare that, if he does, from that moment his influence over the people will begin to wane. Few things would surprise me less than were it to leak out some time or other that Mr. Berry's colleagues, recognising that knighthood would weaken their leader's influence, telegraphed to him not to accept the honor, if proffered; and that he acted in accordance with their advice. Dr. Robertson has been writing to the leading journal to inquire whether the Queen's bounty given to any of her subjects "producing three children at a birth" extends to this colony. He suggested that if it doesn't, a "Triplet fund" should be established here. In reply to that inquiry another person writes to the same journal expressing his belief "that the Marquis of Normanby, being Her Majesty's representative, will, if applied to, forward the amount (£5) for the trio, as did Sir Henry Barkly to a person of my acquaintance in a like case." This subject seems to me to suggest several points for consideration, a few only of which I'll note. Why should the "producers" of "triplets" "be rewarded? Is there anything really meritorious in giving birth to three children at one time? If there is, why should not "couplets," or even "singlets," be bonussed in a diminishing ratio? I am aware it is held that the man who makes two blades of grass grow where only one grew before is a benefactor to his species. Does that theory hold good as regards children? If so, then why confine the benefit to "triplets?" The reason may be that were it extended to "single" and "double" events, a very large fund would be required to meet the claims that would be made upon it! In common with every decent citizen, I must deplore the want of vigilance shown by the authorities in their unsuccessful efforts to prevent the recent prize fight. That it could have been stopped I've no manner of doubt. That it wasn't stopped is a discredit to those who should have stopped it. From all I can learn about the matter, I come to the conclusion that the lion's share of the blame must fall upon those who have the control of the Police department. They know, or could have known, all the movements of the offending parties, and should have been prepared to check them at every point. Even had the strict letter of the law been overstepped in doing this, indemnity would have been readily acceded. It's monstrous that a few blackguards should be able to set the law at defiance, because those whose duty it is to administer it are too lazy, or too timid, or too sympathetic to put it in force. I hope a searching inquiry will be made into this miscarriage of justice, and that punishment will be rigorously meted out to any—if such there are—who may be proved to have winked at it. What a sorry farce it was, too, days after the fight was over, to get warrants for the arrest of the principals, when the birds had flown! Messrs. Foley, Mace, Thompson and Greenwood must have sailed for Sydney with their tongues in their cheeks at the wonderful activity of the Victorian police! I always held it to be the duty of the state to purchase the M. and H. B. Co.'s lines of railway. I also held that when, after a good deal of shilly-shallying, terms of purchase were agreed upon, a wonderful cheap bargain had been effected. I now learn that this view is taken by the English shareholders, and that they are indignant at their property being parted with at so low a figure. What they think about the transaction you will find in a paragraph in Thursday's /Argus/—which is well worthy your perusal. The only consolation I can find for them lies in the fact, that had not the Melbourne directors let the property go at the price they did, the Government would have put on such competition as would in a few years have rendered it almost worthless. The London shareholders are hardly in a position to recognise the fall force of this fact. But they may rest assured that if they do not receive what their property was honestly worth, by sticking to it they would have got much less, and probably nothing at all. But this doesn't make it creditable that a government should exercise its power in so tyrannous a manner. Will you be kind enough to refer to the last paragraph of my last week's posie, and wherever you find the word "intramenal" substitute therefor "intramural." The printer says the error was due to my "confounded caligraphy." I won't dispute the point with him, because I admit I do sometimes offend in that direction. I shouldn't have thought it necessary thus to refer to the blunder had not several customers chaffed me about it. I can only offer as an excuse that I /meant/ to write "intramural," and think I did so. Unfortunately, I didn't see a "proof" of that paragraph. Had I, this explanation would have been unnecessary. 