CHUEGH OF ENGLAND DIOGESAN SYNOD. The Session of the Diocesan Synod of Tasmania commenced yi-jterday. The Holy Communion was celebrated at the Cathedral at 11 a.m. Tho Right Rev. Bishop Bromby was celebrant, assisted by Dean Bromby, the Rovs. Canon Davenport, Bailey, and tho Archdeacon of Launceston (Von. F. Hales). There wns a numerous attendance of members of the Synod. The Synod mot at the Town Hall, at 2.30 p m. The Bishop presided, and opined tho session with the usual prayers. 'Hie Roll of members was called by the Seorefcary to Synod (Rev. Cmion Davenport). Among thoso x>rosent were Archdeacon Davies, Dean Bromby, Kovs. A. R: A. Beresford, G. Gruncell, G. W. Shoobridge, G. B.' Smith, J. B. H. Bailey, C. Bromby. J. Chambers, F. B. Sharland, E. Wilson, E. Thompson, W. W. F. Murray, T. Garrard, A. N. Mason, J. Gray, li. J. Edwards, S. B^Fookcs, C. J. Brammall, Archdeacon Hales, C. Vaughan, A. Casi, J. Evans, W. F. Mitchell, J. Maco ; Meurs. J. Barnard, J. Hamilton, W, Lovett, C. Butler, AV, Belbin, A. Dobson, A'. Reid, C, F. Collier, F. M. Innes, W. Bedford, W. C. "Sharland, E. C. Nowoll, C. Hazell, It. P. Adams, R. W. Butler, G. P. Adams, J. Whitehead, B. T. Solly, etc., otc. , , ''NEW LAV MEMBERS. The Bisrior laid upon the table certificates of the élection of representatives for Fingal, Orielton, Hamil- ton, Pontville, and Mr. Grant and Mr. Babington, two of tlie number, signed the usual declaration'of communicants. TE1ITI0NS AND DOCUMENTS. Mr. LOVETT presented a return of debentures bo longing to tlie Synod, and of money paid by tho Government under the State Aid Commutation Act and some other returns. ' , Archdeacon HALES laid on the table the account of the Ripon Fund, which was ordered to be printed.' Also the report of tho Northern Finanoe Committee. The report of the Southern Finance Cominitee was alBo tabled. The SEORETAUV presented the accounts of tho Trial Fund, which wero ordered to bo printed with the re- cords of the Synod. Also the following :-Return of the Pavoohial Endowment Fund, monies received from tho Colonial Ti easurer during the past year, account of expenses of Synod, and tlie report of the Bolecfc com- mittee appointed last session to enquire into tho opera, tion of tho Act for establishing a widow and orphan fund. Tlie report was ordered to be printed. SESSIONAL ORDER. The SECIIETAKÏ by leave, without notice, moved that the Synod do at its rising tint day adjourn till 2'30 on Wednesday, and that for the remainder of the session thoy do meet at 2-30 daily, and adjourn for one horn- at G p.m. Tlie motion was seconded, and agreed to. NOTICES OE MOTION. Archdeacon HALES gave notice of motion that the Synod record its deep sense of the loss sustained by tlie death of Mr, It ¡chard Green, lato treasurer of the Northern Finance Committee. Mr. BARNARD gave notice to move that tlie Act to enable tlie Churchwardens of St. David's ,tp borrow moiiey for church purposes, be amended. Rev. T, GARRARD gave notice to move for au altera! tion of the Schedule of Cures, in respect to Macquarie Plains and the Plenty, i ' Archdeacon DAYII;S ta ask a question respecting Church propel ty at Westbury. Tho SFCHETAEY to move a resolution as to the insur- ance of the Bishop's house for £1,200. Mr. HAZELL to move that the contribution for Sorell from Parochial Funds, do not for the current year ex- ceed £130. WIDOW AND ORPHAN 1'UN.n, HETOUT. < i On tlie motioq of tho SECRE^'AKY, the consideration of the leport of the Select Coriunilteo on the Widow and Orphan Fund, was made an'orderof the day for Thursday. THE lUlCSIDENTS OPENING ADDRESS. The BlbHOl» then delivered his opening address as follows :- , I have, by God's mercy, to make on the whole a favourable report of the progress of Church worlc during tlie p.ist year. The many vacant cures have been gradually aud satisfactorily ulled up. ' Tlie Rev. J. Chambers lias been transferred from Bothwell to Evandale aud the Rev. H, J. Edwards from Oat- lands to Westbury, which had become vacant by the retirement of the Rev. M. Williams. Bothwell is supplied temporarily by the Rev. A. Beresford, and Oatlands by 'the Rev. J. Barn, from the diocese of Adelaide. The Rev. J. II. Wills has beon transferred from Green Ponds to the Forth and Leven, and his place baa beon supplied by the Rev. .1. K. Willmer. from the dioceso of Christcluuuh, Now Zealand. Tho euro of Buckland, vacant by the retirement of .the Itev. C. Dob-ion, has beon filled by tho Rev. C. Power from England. The Rev. ,T, A. Fawns has accepted a license for general Church work. The Huon ouro, which is an unusually extensivo and difficult one, lias been satisfactorily occupiod by two clergymen working together, the Revs. "la. Thompson and li. Hugill. The eura qf the D'Entroeastcaux Channol alono remains unoccupied. I liavo íeceived applications fqr work in Tasmania from England during tho year, but in the absence of any fund devoted to the defrayment of the cost of the voyage, and having, lu most iustances, no control oyer the appointment to vacant cm-es, I fear thal I moy liavo been unable to offer the- applicants sufficient inducement to leave thoir present posts. Clmrah Buildino.-Duriug the post year, through the zeal of tho parishioners' a now church is in pro- gress of oroction in Victoria or tho Huon. The large church at Perth, at a cost of £1,400, has beon conse- crated, and preliminary stops havo boon taken to build another at Spring Bay anti Orford, in the parish of Buckland. The beautiful church n_t Deloraine, has been completed hy tho qdditiqn of,the,chancel anda transept, hy moans of willoh tho' much needed increase of accommodation has hoon provided. The now church hasjilso boon consecrated at Northdown o,u the North West Coast, and the still larger one at Torquay iu the same parish will ha ready, after much delay, for consecration ne<ct month. At the close of tho present year, I record, with much humblo thankful- ness, that 30 new churches will have been erected since my first entering upon tho workof my Episcopate, which givesan average rate of two ineach yoar. We aro greatly indebted to the Society for tho Promotion of Chris- tian Knowledge for its grants for this object, tho value of which is not to be measured by the amount of the subsidy only in each case, but by the stimulus which is afforded by the syiqpathy of the mother church with the progress of lier colonial daughters. It is not, however, by the fact of so many material churches consecrated to thq worship of Almighty God, separated fiom all profano ordinary uses, but it is by the increaso of centres of Church lifo and activity, the multiplication of tho means of grace, and of divinely appointed ordinances which tho material fabric lepresents, that we most value the blessing that accrues to tho community. The number of candidates presented to nie for confirmation during the year 1378 W.1S408, which is an increase of 32 over the previous yoar. The CAiti ck Socicti/ was constituted at our last session. Its object may bo described as twofold. It was in- tended to increase tlie church's finances by distributing the hurdtn of its maintenance over the whole of her members, through its local branches s rind at thj saiqe timo to lianqoniso the notion of the Diocese by a moro perfect centralisation. I liavo folt it my duty to assist the Bjoner.il and the organising secretaries, by presiding at many of the meetings hold for tho inauguration of thes.1 parochial brandies in both Archdeaconries. The result has beon that they have benn formed with the most ready mind, after duo explanation of tlie objects aimed at ; and all objections, founded on mis-concop tion or fears of clashing with already existing associa- tions, havo bden easily overcome. The experience of thoir working has boon too short to justify any deoldod opinion upon the extent of their success, but that experi- ence, sobaras it goes, is very Satisfactory anil fullof hopo. It is impossible for mo to express any opinion as to the second result which was aimed at, th i work of eeh Irqlfzatiqn in administering ti,o alfaiis of'tiio diocese. Under the qUl plati, which provided a separate Com- mittee of Finance i|i tho two Arehdqaqonues, each was gradually allowed to pursue not only a Hhan'cial but an administrative system of its own, and an anomalous diversity of practice grew up contrary to tho traditions of diocesan government, fraught with samoiiiqaiivqni. ouoo, and scaraely desirable exeept in the early pros- pect of a division of the diocese In the attempt, now over, not rudoly to interfere with this independen texor ciso of discretion in tho two Archdeaconries of tho same diocese, thu rules of tho Church Society may liavo been too suddenly and ambiguously drawn up, and upon the présentation of tho first annual report to the Synod of ,tho Church Society, it may bo desirable to take stops to ascertain what the intentions of the Synod coally wei,o. I qo trust, however, thwt iii discussing llelai1s,'no diflorenoo of-opinions) no jealousies'of Inter- ference With bid privileges on tho one hand, and no Un- necessary insistance of pi-nposoil changos on the othor, will bo allowod- to iuteiforo with tho progress of a "I" pence a month on Iho part of all-iíomiñal olmrch peoplo, would soouro no loss a total than £15,000 a yoar(l but a still liappior consequence would bo tho awakening of a personal interest in Church work, willoh ' always accompanies personal ofl'ort. ' Tho histqry of tho Church Squjaty iu New South Wales, mid qf the Episqqpal Church qf Soqtland, alfords* con- vincing proofs that such' diflusion of olfort, besides securing tho ministering clergyman from the dióad qf ¡usolvonoy, lins the still greator acjvaiitago of binding tho people to their olmroh, and inaroaslmf thoir own personal interest in the moans of grace and tho minis- trations of religion. The Citthalmt.-To secure tho consecration of tho Cathedral, a few chiirjliinou rendorod themselves per- sonally liable fora debt amounting to a sum littlo Bhort of £J0QQ, Bytljo judicious maiiageinont of the income, and its- oeonomio-d o\paiiditiiro on tjio parl-of the parochial authorities, allno3t'at the peril of tho spiritual interests of tho ecclesiastical district atlaalioil to bho cathedral, this debt has boeomo all but paid off. It scorns to me that tho timo has- como for. the entering i¡pon fresh efforts towards tho completion of the design, Wlion it is romomljeiod thottl|q lÉrgqr tqslç qf «rooting tho1 nave and transepts was undertaken aiuriVohiovad in a time of thd greatest oolnnlnl depression, to doubt tho power or willingness of Tasmanian churchmen in a timo of comparativa prosperity, would bo to east a shir upon their liberality. ïhoro eau bo no doubt that tlie cathedral is fulfilling manyof tho objeots for which itV/as created, as a nursery of the s.wod. ministry, as a q'ontr.e of diocesan nnity.-nnd as a promotor of moio baqouiiug and (Tovhii't wqishfp" in 'the' capital und throughout the Uioeoao. Whoq I soo that £1Q,(|0Q has, beon ottered by quo churchman in Victoria, a Hmq equal to all our pist o<ipaiidituro, foi' tho orootiou of a cathedral in Melbourne, mid that a bgiigfaotlon of £2,000 from an anonynwiu honofaotor ¡mi lioAn ulalie towards a similar object in Western Australia, I will not beliovo funds will bo wanting amongst ourselves lowaiUJ tko çinnnletlim uf Q wqi'if, wlpel) HO farina standing craujt' to 'l'awuanhm liuetalily. A. few gclieioüü subscriptions lo dot the project in motion, Would bbnn effect tho'object in vio«': I mil willing to contribute #100 a year for llvo years, or HO long us'I letaiil my pi6}onl qihco; q» qqmlitiqn that hine qthors follow the oxnmplo J or fmlpu' this, ] piopq« to rq iluço it to £"i0 for the samo Urn', Ami on llif, same condition. 1 should lie sorry to seo this wqik dono by Mrhit 1 l)fjyo ea||oil tl)o o\croiso of a judicious oannoiuy to any groat ontont, but what appear* tome n question- able appropriation of its roHouroos by whioh tho cathedral may ho said to bo building itself. Whan tho work Is complotai!, those resources should, thou at least, I think bo wholly devotod to their moro legitimate purposes, tho extension of spiritual work in tho city and in tho Diocese, .67>"'lf's qallyjc.-! oin informad that tho Governors of this iustitiitlon, for whoso ro:oponlng tho public has boon impatiently waititlg.'have learnt Frqm their oom »ff»i°Mr# ju ^glimd (hat fa? hayf-Mor* tyf» eligible candidatos for the office of Warden, from whom they hope to report that they have mado a satisfactory «election. Tlte Church of England Tanptrance Socieli/ has been making steady but not rapid progress. In Hobart Town itself, various branchos aro doing good, though unostentatious work, aud five country branches have good results to report. The soeoud annual meeting will bo hold next week, tho general roport of which I will not anticipate Tho work, and indeod all our church work, falls upon too few. Tim Sunday School the Chinch Society, and tlio Church Temperance So- ciety, alford a wido field for tlio energies of really earliest chuvchmou and churchwomen. The most pressing want is- that of compétent laymen, to speak at meetings in town and country. If the trumpst souuds in vain, the work must be slow and disheartening. A few'oducated laymen who would bindy tile subject, master detail and impart informa- tion, would prove the "truest benefactors of their country. ¡ , , , ? . , Scriptural Instruction in Public Schools.-A growm» fear is excited in thu minds of thoughtful men, that the foundations of our social welfare aro boing sapped by tho absence of roligious knowledgo and religious feel- ing among tho masses of our colonial population. It is certain that it will not, as a rule, be supplied by the pirents, while the [Sunday-school, with its untrained teachers and unenforced attendance, will be but a poor substitute for the systematic instruction of the day school at tile hand of trained instructors. It is scarcely fair to blamo the State- for tho omission of the most important element of popular education-important, I mean, in n secular point of view- amidst the unhappy jealousies and divisions of modern Christianity. The. Stato is compelled to. keep clear of controverted doctrine; even while it recognises the fact that it is its highest interest to encourage religious motive, as th» only Biiro foundation of even temporal prosperity and social raoiality.. As children of the State, our youth may be receiving an education suited to help them through the world by the public schools, but as children of the Church, whom Christ has claimed from infancy, tlio Church, which is no longer, as it was in Old Testament davs, and in those of our forefathers, another name for the State regarded in its spiritual aspect, must discharge the duty to Christ's little ones which the'Redeemer has laid upon her. But, if modera ideas have limited the State to the secular education of her children, she is wise in removing ali possible impediments in the way of bringing in those, sanctions to moral behaviour which religion can give, as Wordsworth wisely writes : Oil, for the coming of that glorious timo When, ]>rl¿lng Knowlcdgo as her noblest wealth And best protection, tills imperial realm, While sim exacts allegiance, shall admit An obligation, on hor i>art, to tench. ' Them who ara bom to servo hor and ctmyt Binding herself by,statute to seciu> i ' For all tho children whom hor «sU maintain» Tile rudiments of letters, and fiifor.m ' The mind with moral and roligious truth, i . Tint the wholo peopio should bo taught and trained, Su shall llccntlonvioss and blaok rosolvo ' Be rooted out, anti virtuous habits take Their iliaco : mid genuino piety descend Like au Inheritance from ago to age.-(Krcui-jíon, Jr., tx.) Qur own Tasmanian system is nerhaps as free from objection as circumstances will allow. By permitting any minister of religionto draft off his own children for religious instruction ia a separate class-room during the fust hour of tho, school day, it takes direct cogni- zance of the value of religious truth. It is the boundon duty of th,e clergy, if they would bo faithful to the yoiyiß of their flock, to tako advantage of this facility offered to thom for the purposo of impressing their minds, at tlio most reooptive period of their lives, with the primary truths of our religion, as they ara, found in the lifo and lesson« of our blessed Lord, The. move technical instruction in the distinguishing tenets, of the Church of England would be bettor- reserved: for moro advanced childhood-tlio Sunday-school and publia catechising. I would hero observe that far moro might be dono hy lay members of the Church for both roligious instruction aud worship, in placen beyond tho roach of the clergyman, among those whom they employ, and upon whoso labours they depend» It is sad to fqoe the fact that, while in tho mor« populous townships there'is, through the rivalry of contending, denominations, ".broad enough and to spare," the outlying districts should be Bullering from a spiritual famine, whare, in the absence of tha restraints of leligion, und often amidst blank iguor anco, the grossest forms of immorality abound. Tho readiest romody is in tho hands of every oiupbyor who is willing to'gather tho children, and gradually their parants mid otlior adults, for simple religious instruction, or mero reading from ono of the many interesting periodicals of the day, such as tha Monthly Pac);c!, G.iod Words, or the Day of liest. The occasional visit of tho clergymen would givo both on qcuragomont and sanotirtn to so good a work, whilo'a wholesome bond would bo formed between the employed and employer, and a blessing wait upon both. I am happy tostatothattlioniimberof well qualified voluntary lay-roaders. who have received licenses from mo for con- ducting tho services of tho .Cliui-oh, in tho nocessar? absence of the clergymen, has been considerably in- creased. I will lay upon the table a nominal list of such licensed lay.readers. While speaking of tho duties incumbent upon the lay-members of the Church, I would remind thom of the claim which the Head of the Church also possesses upon their sons. We cannot, aslherotoforo, expect^ amidst the absorbing demands in tlio mother oojinlry, arising from increased activity and n\i\ltiplittilOhurchest n supply of clergy from England sufficient for our needs. It should bo tho rti\ty. r.iicl privilege of our lay. men to encourage the most fitting of their sons to offer . themselves for the work of tho sanctuary. The early «pouing of Christ's College, and the olfer of exhibitions by tlíé S. 1*. C. K. dining residonco, will present facili- ties to Christian families for discharging what should lie to them a welcome obligation. I should be sorry to lind our clergy fall muchhelovf tlio standard, oitUeriutollectniillyor socially, of those oÇ the old country, ft is impossible, howover, not ta own the fact that in order tosocmo such n standard, two conditions aro with fow exooptions wanting. Vfe neod clerical incomes moro independent of tlio caprice of the parishioners, and wo nood the offer of service for tho ministry from mon who are possessed of private means. It is the presoucc of mon, whose devotion to their work is not altogether dependant upon what they receive, that gives tile English clergy BO largo an amount of their moral influence. Aleadiiigiliasoiitor (Rev, Hugh Stowell Brown) says of tlio clergy of tho Church, of England :-Erom what I see, from what I l(oar, from what in various ways I learn. I cannot hiit think thai tlio olorgy of ílio Church of England aro, as a rule, inferior to no other in the matter of diligence ; many of tlio most indepotideut among thom work quite as hard as any of tho moat dependent among ourselves. .... Tho official stipends in multitudes of parishes aro totally unequal to the fairsuppnrtbf tlio ministry j but in many, voiy many casos, gontlomon of learning nnd property are content and glad for the church's sake, to live and labour in such places, and as far as money ia concerned, to do far mora for their churches than thoir churchos far thefn. . Now, I ask why should not tho samo çeal tnanî: fost itself among us? Many,' I''know, of our ouionial olorgy ljavo ffivcn up a mqro lucrative pro, fession for tlio congenial work of the sacred ministry, but why should not others, possessed of private moans, make use of Christ's Collego, and oller themselves to their MiHtorls sorvice by devoting thoir talonts to tho highest of ali occupations ? Lumltefh Conference- Slnco wo mot last, in answer to mi invitation from His Crace the Archbishop of Canterbury, a hundred bishops of tlio Anglican com- munion luve assembled from,all parts of the world, to tako counsel together upon matters affecting tlio general well-being of tlio Church. The subjects which have ap especial interest for the Colonial Church, aro two-fold -tho one relatos to constitution, . tlio other to ínfírvrhj discipline. Thq {¡rat deals. with -the ihiich-dispiitetj question of onrroal relation' tb tlio 'Mother Church. 'j;he 0iniforjii.ee 'distinctly recognised the following principles no,. a . sufficient bond of union, "that tho duly certified 'action of every national qr parti- cular church, and of oa'ch ecclesiastical province. (iii1 diqCQ.se not included ina p,rqv|nqo) ii] tlie oxcrqisQ q{ it's owl} dispiplipq 81)01)1(1 bo respqßte'ij by all tha qtl|e[i eliiu cijos', 'and by their Individual members," It suomi lo me lo follow from this'determination that the principles for which some of tis contended at the Synods hold in 1S72 and 18715, in Sydney, wore, hi t^ opinion of this conférence, corpoçt, Ü.-.3 or cheat principles was that ii Colonial Ulocuso, liko our own, lins au independence of the Mother Church, for it cannot bo said to bo "included in an English Province Tlio'second principle ' is' thut ,n djeeese, v,'hiu^'i|i is "included'in'II' givon'provinco,'1 is' hound'by tire dfiyisifjiiu of Bj>cli '.province,-, in' wlijoh it. has »bee« pi'opsrly represented by- its delegates. Tlio Lambell! ConfOr'enW distinctly ïecdjtilied ' as tho' truo ? con- dition of essential unity, . not ono that would bind na to all tho f iittiro decisions of 'tho Mother Church, in tho framing of which wo can tnko no part, but '' » visible cinniliunidii with hdrj ifrtitod under'uno l}l\'in§ Head,' iii 'Use' fellowship' ¡if ' tltö aha' Oatholia and Apistolio Ohuroh, holding tho one faith roveiilod in I toly Writ, defined in the creeds and maintained hy tlio Primitive Ohuroh, receiving tho Bama canoui cal scriptures of tlio Old and New Toscamente, as ennlaiiiing all things necessary to salvation." "Ihoae Churches (tho adopted report goos on to say) teach til« ...rough .... ._ "",.._," _.".,- -.- .... ... roii|oi|ibovoil thut nt til« Rrqviuojal -Synod hold »t Sydiioy, proposals to adapt our services to tlio pooullarl ties of colonial lifo woro ruled out of order, unira« first authorised by the legislativo sanction of the Mother Church. On the contrary, tho Lambeth Conferonci), lately hold, contemplate without oitlior anxiety of blumo, ?! varieties of custom discjpliuo and (oijn c1 worship necessarily existing in i'.iuliouhif OlplH¡l|fS."f Tho> tcfioml principle i oiiii)blhihod by, tho ,prolAtoa assembled at Lambeth, I said, was ono that rolatod to discip'iiici The (rouerai Synod hold at Sydiioy in 187 was afraid to let its judióla! sontoncos rest with its own onnstitutional courts. So long "as there wa-ran appsal allowed from a Diooesan Court of first instance to f\ Provinbinh qui,'and from Mitti ntiijrt lo rJ ltlghtt; tji* bunal, OMi(iintqd"hy.Ellt¡ gViior'al Synqd under.«} Primate, many of us fuit Unit no further tribunal M superior jurisdiction was called for, and that tu« P'irticular one, consisting of tho Archbishop, tue Bishop of London and four layman " loarnod in the law," thon ngrood upon, was extremely uninbrans, W| unsatisfactory, A voluntary B,qard of Ai Wintlow '»« England, compqtpr.t to override ouitown constitution-1 judgmäuts', mint liu b'orcgaidb'd. . 'The 'Lambeth toa fo'roiicó' roqogu'isos' iib appeal from our ?ecclesiastical tribunals, to Vny yohinEiiry tribunal ^Wtbvw.'tfnftWj tl|is decision ii is true tq tho Hues of curly d¡8o||| Ino- V*i words tiro i-"Every ouuloi,¡imtioivl nroviiine wlllull lu» oountltutod,. ("t til« oxorglüo of dUalnlliw »w ¡~ clergy, a Iriimniii for receiving appoal from its Diocesan Courts, should be hold responsible for its own douisiou« in tho oxoiolso of Its o\vn disciplino," Tlio Limbo,«! Ooi\fp).jime has had thp wlidqm tqM>o, Hint unlesspyqiy branch ot Hie t|o1niilal l(lnuiih throughout Hid world agi-eo in the elmiee At the mtmr foiirïa'yindn,'i\wto Would bo uri aiiciu'ity Whatever for the eiivotod úiiiforiiply »j Judgment. ISüMdes. no imqh iinpjal l|at h,o>m found ilQWCS,r,iy tq lotalu lho'Air,oiu.m i!lim<ih miwiflo} union mid comiuuiiiuu »¡til the neither Uhumi, »Wl tho whole Anglican hndv. It is our wNdimi to lot til« Ooloiiliil Uhutoh grow nu Hi« primitivo Church ¡lid,.and Willi this oliiocl not to ornmp it I'V busty legislation, but follow tho anciout customs and gonoral iirlnojplM laid down at Nicii"i, coulent to idacq more confidence In the direct ¡nlluonuos of " that Huly Sliiut, whoroby tM wliolo Body of the Church is governed and saiiptineu. I must now claim vour afontlon to ono subject oi immodittt» intoroflt. Thoro is a Inuiqntoblo ignoran» among churohmon as tn tho history, of their CUurc», and ,tho, ¿rqund linón whio)i ^iW.M'^'Hjtf í", ReformïtlUr' Tn>?Br<>at >rf»iol|ilo Uiat «uWed ot» riformyrt wis W r%»M W «ntWi^Mtow'l« W« or discipline, nothing that was not sanctioned by the writings of the New Testament, and the distinct witness of tho apostolio age. Ii is not erodit.iblo to our Boives as teachers, nor just to our peoplo, that, for want of better instruction, wo should allow them to accept popular traditions at tho hands of teauheis, who nut their private interpretations to tlie sacred writings, and disparage the authoritative teaching of their Church, as it is expressed in her creeds and formularies. The popular belief is, that the Now Testament was a "gift" plaeod in the hands of the world, from which each individual that obtains a copy was left to work out a system of doctrino and Church organisation for himself. Wo forgot the fact, to which tho Now Testa- ment itself bears witness, that Our Lord, bofors His ascension, fouuded His church, mid gave it all its com- mission and powers, promising to it tho indwolling of the Holy Spirit to the end of tho world. From this wo are led to infer that, if any writings, claiming to be written by inspiration, were afterwards preset ved, both inspiration and preservation were duo to this promise ; that what was written by apostolic men was inspired in tho sonso that their words, as well as acts, were diiectod by the Holy Ghost ; that whatever of rovoienco is duo to Holy Scripture is a priori duo to that Christian Institution by who30 Divinely-guided care, and indwolling Spirit those writings, afterwards collected into ono volume, but originally spread over a series of years, and addressed to far-separated branches of the Church of Christ, were selected, pronounced authentic, and plnced in the sacred canon. Such an institution, so constituted, wus tho D¡vino instrumental- ity, which for more thnn a century had beon carrying out Christ's commission to "baptise all nations, and to teach whatever He had commanded.", Their Com- mission was to preach, i.e., publish, rather than to write. Thoy did so as men who expected Christ's ad- vent was not far off, and when they did write, ,whpther St, ¡Work what ho had heard from St. Peter, oK Sti Luke what he had heard from St. Paul;'they didjso separately and nnconnecterlly, and aB it would' seem, unconsciously that what thoy wrote was meant . for futurity. They proclaimed facts, and that orally ; the facts that are now found in tho Apostles'Creed,; nnd when thoy did writo controversial letters later on, to absent converts nnd others, it was sorao specinlform of error they wrote to controvert. And when the time bad arrived, and tho end of tho world and Christ's coming was seen to bo moro distant, and oral truths .».ere not sufficient to meet the wants of the age, writ- ten documents wore found necessary, and so the Apos- tolic writings wero slowly, doubtfully, and cautiously separated from a host of others. No formal act, no ficrco discussion, maiked the action of tho church, but its inner consciousness, silent and invisible, worked upon by the promisod indwelling spirit of the ascended Christ, was the only guido. But we' have in all this the very fulfilment of tho promise that Ho would be with His Church to the eud of the world, as Ho is with itstillinspitoofitsdistrnction,unbelief, andworldliness. Aud as our Lord Himself had given no hint of a coming New Testament in this commisson or baforo, so also nowhere in the New Testament itself 'is any claim sot up as if it were of itself a complete Directorial», corresponding to tho Leviticus of the Old Testa- ment, from which the Church waa to spring,, instead of itself springing from tho Church. The teaching of history is, that before the Scriptures wero by tho Holy Spirit evolved from tho Church, it was invested with its Sacraments, and entrusted with tho "faith once delivered .to the Saints," and was commanded to "keep the ordinances mid to hold the traditions, as they had been delivered." So wrote St. Paul twice to the Corinthians, and again ho enjoins the Thessalonians to "stand fast and hold the traditions whioh yo have been taught whether by word or our Epistle," (2 Thes., 2-15). Denying this, we not only loso the witness to mony apostolic practices and truths which aro ,but faintly discoverable in the New Testament, though' flieir existonce ÍB taken for granted ; such as the abroi cation of the Jewish Sabbath, the observation of the' Lord's Day, the imposition of hands, the baptism of infants, tho transmission and perpetuity of tlie apostolic ministry, oud tho cardinal doctrine of our Lord's Divinity; but we also deny tho external authority upon which tlio New Testament itself rests. Having established tho basis upon which tho authority of tho writings of the Now Testament depends, our-own reformed branch of tho Church Catholic proceeded to make those -writings its fraud stlanlard and criterion. She rightly argued that,' if there be any feature of tile Church in any age, whether in its practice, or its constitution, or its teaching, distinctly opposed to its witness, the inference is irresistible, that such feature could have had no place in the primitive Church at the time when any one of the various books which compose tho New Testament was in circulation. And as the writings of tho New Testament support the witness of the primitive Church, so does tho Primitive Church support tho authority of the New Testament. For no one can read the works of the earliest age that have come down to us, such as those of Clement and Barnabas, Polycarp and Ignatius, Papias and Justin Martyr, without being convinced that the arguments of infidels, like Strauss, who regard the miraculous Incarnation, tho Resurrection and Ascension of Christ as myths of a later growth in the second century, are contradicted by these earlier writers who, without any direct reference to the New Testament, assume tho truth of, and continually dwell upon all the grand facts of the Gospel History. ' It is the forgetfulness of the great historic fact that the New Testament was evolved by the Holy Spirit from the Church, already organised by Christ and His Apostles, that has led to much of tho sad disintegration of modern times. Tho Church of England justifies her rejection, at tho Reformation of all those doctrines which had no foundation in tho written Scriptures on which the light of primitive witness has been thrown ; and for the same reason she protests against tho inno- vations and presumptions of some mistaken people called "Brethren" and others who defy tho teachings of history, and by defying cannot fail in the end to promote by re-action the claims of tho Church of Rome, To any thoughtful mind it,must be clear that the truths which were learnt by men of tho post apostolic age, which percolated through' that age from tho apostles themselves with whom they had conversed, must throw more light upon tho sacred writings wihch they collected, than do tho opinions and the private interpretations of a few people who meet together in this 10th century, and it is to this ignorance of history and the startling as sumption that the Holy Spirit Is more likely to guide them than the Primitive and undivided Church, that we owe the present unsettlement of many youthful,earnest, but undiscipled minds, Tho Creeds are at least, authoritative expositions (whether infallable or not, i is another question) of the written Scriptures. If not i this, then each man is bound to make his own creed. There is no alternative. Truth ceases to have any objective reality. It is a thing of chameleon colour,! cTmngiDg with changes of human fancy. It is our duty, and 1 would appeal to other churches as well, to ubido hy the old paths, to baptizo men into tho ñamo of tho ' ï alher, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, " called to be sons," and to warn our people against all limiting i views, and the blasphemy of re-baptizing them into narrow communities, alienating from Himself, and from each other those whom God has united. I have mado tlieso remarks in reference to persons who aro unsettling- other bodies as well as ourselves' under the self-assumed titio of "Evangelists." Thoy produce no credentials of their calling, oxcept thoir own inner witness. Tin's may indeed fully satisfy tlteinBelves, but no sensible men can accept it on their own account, unless it bo supported by external t warrant. Beforo mon are asked to desert their Church, and to break every link that binds thom to tho past, ' and to obey tho voice of strangers who bid thom reveal to themselves their innermost experiences under the nain of anathema, suielv they havo a right to ask ''»hat «iga shoivest thou?" in thus assuming a spiritual fciiperiority over n?. If auch men 'como awong us boldly to robuko vico ; if they lift up thoir *otco, and repeat tho witness for God written in men's consciences before tho foundations of Christianity and the Mosaic law j if they can gather, though only from curiosity, into our town halls' tho' thoughtless young of both sexes who throng our streets ; who,'amidst tho aboundings of iniquity, would dare to forbid them 'i But when I see them defying every principle of order laid down in the New Testament, seizing tho keys of Christ's kingdom, opening and shutting its gates, by a self-assumed Infallibility, then do I recognise tho return of a most dangerous fanaticism, I ivoulil hero say that when faithful ohurohmon aro hunted for defending with so much zeal the outer irtoMíflík of the church, it should bo roinombored iluHltoy vaiiio It not na ahuman institution, but as, in their eyes, an institution of Christ, and the growing desire for unity, real and organic, and the craving of t'u cj'vrch to re-unite those who really hold her luttiiiiflB, ann whom thoy cannot but love for their love to Christ, ' does not arise from apy iip pulso to promoto her own advantage, but'f;o.obdy what t|ioy jynsjder to ¡io our Lord's command, to ho i:u,(i'.i/ pim (hattho world may believe." Good und not harm aunt come from .a bottor understanding of our own position, if charitably, lovingly, nnd yot faithfully íM"'?01!1 -ft I3 a hopetpl Bign that lqany rorajnost i tllingois, gdjicntcd'iu another communion, ¡iro'iiow "(Änisir.g the fact that tim now Tcsínifléiú wns a thing of gindual growth, and that a generation nt least, of baptized Christians wero living, already organised, beforo that growth was completed. It seems to mo, though I wish to speak with' diffidence,' that when these views have taken a still deeper hold upon tho best thinkers of the age, tho attempt to restore the unity of the church after tho Primitive model 5VI||0.aui.i ¡.ppoful; unity I mean, which allowing for the peculiarities of modern communities. shall bind tyan together hy ¡i quip'nb'jl'onlj»- llisDip11n!p'1'lfió)|1i«io(i »Wameuts, a»d pommnt) iniba'oi). giiqli |ï|fifmi<|i' jYimld not then bo a violation of langnnpjo ns now, but «como another name for diflorent schools within the same pale, all witnessing to freedom of thought and personal liberty, demanded by modern progress and education.It cannot be doubted that tho tendency of separated communions is to produce exaggeration and «niortiiKi¡.while ti.'al of which 1 cp2.1L". has tho ten-1 uonoyto-Mdiiro nitil Inmuto he, .Tha-ono' method ra rncts the light of Truth into ita-prismatic roys, nil ¡ruo hut all imporfeet; tho other colloota- them into tt« wlarhght of Heaven. Tile Anglican Clniioh nt the Reformation adopted the via media between the unreformed 'Church' and Continental Protestantism. 'The one claims an' JWiouty m tho Ohuich 26.r.N",!in,¿ with ihnl of linly »erip ure j the other olalnis tho unrestrained light (if pnmtcjiuhimcnt which at this mmnont is yloldlng, ns c1 , "W necessity, ovory form of heresy in tho «Menof Coonany. Dutering from both, the English iimrcli only claims for herself a sub ordinate authority as its interpreter, in all matters of controversy. An fWtoiW..inoaorn siatwusni:, dlsilngiiii.hcd nliko fqr his liberal sympathies, and unshaked love for tho v lî1?11 0h,,rel>. 'as tho docent -c-ctesla of the W1»}.'"«tion,'haslately written with 'his chnr ffiT0, Mohne,!» ¡n answer to the Abbe' Mai tin, The bald announcement of a co ordinate authority in dogmatic traditions, exterior to tho sacred volume. the w,, * r "luö 'au! °llc"tn arbitrary assertion, and tho iinli'in'i». 1 .. " * "''"""'> authority against ino unlimited uso made ui ^. . >..*« human freedom, provoked tho reforming parties a ...... the total rejection of that authority, and tho subslitu tion of the invisible for the visible Church. It thus Ä V*0ftH'leal and practical ne.u-.sll y \a )ay H Sf-'I'turothoontird'stresBof donn.pi; nud pro.'-' "gltBolf, and to hold tho Almighty I'ledgun ns'it Were Z«\V .!ottor ,f(" 'n'«'« 1'Wt of its corpus, with a W| iculurity and rigour hardly known to foi mer ages. Lit .1 lln0 ',"'"?' "i,lco "Yi'leiit l|int this WIIH iistiain i,,i . W'» nl>1' that tho superstition thus en gendered might, when it wore out and disappeared, make room for scepticism. It can hardly be doubted that the Christian world is, in our day, suffering seriously.,from this cause. Diminishing, by an arbitrary process, the aggregate of testimony which tho wisdom of God had supplied for tho establishment and deter mination of the Gospel, and finding the stock, when was diminished, to be insufficient, we impeach tho Revelation itself for a want which Is due only to our own improvidence." The relation between our Anglican Church and the New Testament Scriptures is plainly set forth in the twentieth Article. She there disclaims any right to declare the truth of Christian doctrine absolutely. While claiming for the Church " anthoiity in controversies of faith " silo as plainly disclaims all right to " ordniu anything contrary to God's Word." Sho proclaims It "a witness and keeper of Holy Writ." As a witness, -it was the duty of tho Church, as au in- strument of the Spirit, to distinguish what was, and what was not to ho logavdod as Scripture. During the lup«e of conturies, it lias been its safo and faithful " keeper," and at this moment, true to ita mission, it is a "witness" both- as to what is tho Word of God, and (when disputed) what that Word means. On the one hand she denies the power of a Church to " enforce anything besides Holy Writ, to bo beliovod for necessity to salvation ;" so on the other, she upholds the warning that " no Scripture is of any private interpretation." So again, believing that the Holy Spirit alone can rightly interpret Christian doctrine, and that tho same Spirit which was present in the General Councils, is also present to influence' each individual soul, it is her glory to place the New Testament in the hands of her children, "that they, having accepted her witness, may like tho Bereans of old, "with all readiness of mind, search the Scriptures daily whether these things are so." Believing that the Holy Spirit is the ultimate source of all inspiration, whether to the Church or to tlio in- dividual by whom alone truth becomes not intellec- tually, but "spiritually discerned," she upholds no such authority, and denies all such pretensions to infallibility as involve tho surrender) of, tho individual conscience, or guidance of an inner light. After all, truth is not truth tous, until we have received it on the authority of au inner witness subse- quent to, and superior to, all outward authority what- ever, whether to the preacher- in the pulpit, the Bible in tlio Church, or the Chinch itself. Wo begin, and must begin hy believing tho truths of the Biblo, because, on Hie authority of others, we bolievo in tho Bible itself; but if wo have tho witness of tho Spirit in ourselves, we end by believing in the Bible, becauso we believo in its truths. ' By'the inner light its truths have bocomo truths to us. In speaking', of' Apostolic < order, I am not now insisting upon tho question whether the voice of ¡?ntiquity stamps with its seal Episcopal, Presbyterian, or Congregational order, or whether the Church \va3 left in its wisdom to'adapt such order to altered circum- stances of timo and place, but whether Christ did not fully organise His Church, and give it its commission, and entrust to it tlio deposit of the faith, even " all tilings that Ho commanded," and then promise to it a Paraclete, whom Ho would send to guide it into'all necessary truth. I am insisting upon a duty prior to all others, that of faithfulness lo the facts and lesaona of history. This is our hpecial duty as English Churchmen, to reject all doctrines as necessary to salvation which do not find their warrant iu Holy Soripturo, as well as all tlioso private interpretations which are not supported by tho witness and creeds of primitive Christianity. And tiley are simple enough. Tho later symbols, like tho " Athanasian Creed " and the "Thirty-nine Articles of Religion," are valuable to Theologians, as the records of ancient conflicts with heresy, conflicts that may return ; but what the mass of our people want is not scientific Theology. They need guidance and help in tho great battle of life, comfort for its sorrows, motives for personal holiness. So long as wo bring our appeals to tho hearts and consciences of our people, from the Cross of Christ '.evidently sot forth" to their ears in our preaching, and beforo their eyes.in Sacrament, the Holy Spirit will propoi tîonably bless our labours, and enable us to present them "perfect in Him." Our object is to make our people more loving, more pure, more obedient to Divine law in displaying the love, the purity, the obedience of Jesus Christ by which we receive 'tho atonement, the Wotting out of transgressions, and the harmony between tlio soul and God. _ To enable tis to do this, was the objeot of the commission which wo bear from Christ. While Ho says to the flock "Obey them that have tito rulo over you, as tlioso that must give account for your aouls ; " and yot, "prove all things," He says to tho pastors,."Be ye examples to the flock," "for the Son of Man is as a man taking n far journey, who left his hotiso, and gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work, and commanded the porter to watch." Let us exercise that authority with simplicity, perform that woik with diligence, and watch with our loins girded, and our lamps burning. , His Lordship resumed his seat amid applause. POSITION Or ASSISTANT CUHATES. Archdeacon HAM'S said tlio report of a Select Committee to consider the position of Assistant Curates in this diocese, appointed or to bo appointed under section 5 of resolutions concerning tlio number, description, and boundaries of parishes, 1877," was biought up last session, but the order of tho day, for , its consideration was discharged, owing to^tlio pressure I of other business. The committee in their report sub- mitted-1. That tlie right to appoint Assistant Clorgy- i men or Curates in f turill Parishes under tho resolution referred to, is vested in tho Incumbent of the Parish ' in which the curate is to be engaged, tmbjoct lo tho issue of a license by the Bishop to such Assistant Clergyman or Curate. 2. That all ministrations and Paioehial arrangements in any parish aro tinder tho control of tlio Incumbent of Hie Parish, and tho Assistant Clergyman or Curato will act under, , tlio dirootion of such Incumbent. Tho report was j morely it statement of opinion of tho law of tho Church, i and it was not desirable to waste time to propose any ' iosolution founded tlieroou. Uo thought it would bo the 11103t convenient course to let it lie on the tablo as , a document, if it wore not challenged. It was ono of no force, for it was only what tlio committee Btnted ¡ was a matter of law. Ho moved that it bo received. Tho I'KI:SII)]:NI'said as far as ho waa concerned, he thought to legislate on such a matter was wholly un- necessary. It seouicd to him that tlio Bishop himself , was compelled to adopt the principle laid down ; no case had arisen, but ns they had gono to the expenso i of i riülitig, it bad better lio on Hie table. , Tho Rev. A. N. MASOX seconded the Archdeacon's ' motion. Ho was tho first to movo in the matter, and ¡ he felt thati it was not 8iiliicieutly understood in the i dinoese. The question liad arisen within his know- ledge, but na the Piesident liad oxprossed an opinion, ho was content, for ho saw how the matter stood, and ' could BOO how it would work, _ , Tlio motion was passed, mid the report was reoeived. ' ACn.S'O OltAlIIVAX Ol' COVMlTTfiKa. ' ' On tho motion of tlio SixmnTAltY, Mr. Barnard was I requested to act na chairman of committees, in the'ab- I senco of Mr. Tai loton. ' nu'itcsuNTATiosr or lunisfira. |i Tlio SKCIIKI'AIÍY moved tlio consideiation of tlio report of a Select Committee appointed to consider a ceitaiu i eso] at ¡on concerning tho representation of Parishes. Tho report had beon propared according to n minute of tbo session of 1877, directing that it bo sent to the Socrotary of Synod on or before the 30th Septemboi then next, mid that tile report bo printed and circulated. The order for tlic consideration of the report ni Hie last session was disclmiged, mid tho council of ad vico had insei ted it in tlio agenda for this session. The' report embodied certain resolutions, and a schcdulo had been prennred, which wpuld show at one viow tljo pai ¡slios, mulina number of representatives proposed for each, Now tlicio wcie lill seats in this Synod, mid as the Synod would expire by ollluxion of time, before the end of the year, it was desirable that tho matter should bo disposed of. Tho alterations proposed wore , by no means of a rovolutionniy kind, the changes being moderate. Tho result would lie that thoro would' lie CÏ instead of Du lay representatives. J lo proposed that they go into committee lo consider tlio report.. . ,'1'ho Rev.'G. B. Smith seconded, and tho Synod went into Committee accordingly. In Committee, discussions ensued ns to some of the districts Rev,'Mr. Thompson suggested an alteration in the Huon, by giving a representativo to Port Esperance with Southport, which waa agreod to, after an objection by Archdeacon Hales to iiiteifero with the report unless thoy were preparad to make alteniliqns'in favor of s'om'o of tjlo" large districts iif the North, ''whoso claims'wero of equal'weight with those of tlio Huon, A similar suggestion wus nuido by Rov. Mu.» Mitchell* to givp a,vopi'e4ontat|Yo to Avoca, which was tigreod to, making titi lay ropicscutntivcs in al), tlio same number as nt pt osent, The following is the Hat a3 finally settled in Committoo :-Hobnrt Town-St. David's Trinity, ' St. George's, St. John's, and All Suints, 2 each ; Launceston-St. John's, Trinity, und St. Paul's, 2 each ; Brighton, DUîiitrocastoaux. Now Norfolk, Now Town, Campbell Town, and Ross. Eingnl and Cullenswood, Longford, Morven, and Westbury two each ; and ono lay lopi-eseiilalivo for cach.of tlio following :-Avoca, Bothwell, Bucklands, Clarence, Croon Ponds, Hamilton, Huon, Glenorchy, Port Esperance willi South port, Oatlands, Richmond, Sqreli.'bwluiser., Can iel;, phcular Hoad, Pelovlún«, liorsot (um th)J ditto (south); Emu 'Unyi i'!drth and Loven, Moiso.; and Talinah ' " ' . .Thd Aci'iNfi-CiiAiiiMAN ioportod the resolutions with schcdulo to tho'Synod, tho 'lopoit ngrecïl to, and seqond rqadipg of resolutions fixed for Mfodn'osdny. , . , ¡ iNsyiiANp,!! 'or, ujaiiOr's i,iou(jt:. 'J'|io nooietary, 'mimiaiit tq' «otjqp, nyi'ved ft réso- lution by way of correcting nu error mtulo in a resolu- tion'of-last session, "That the Bishop's houso bo insured' for tho sum of £1,200, and that the premium bo n inimnry charge upon the Goneral Church l'Hind. Tlio error waa in making the premium ohargoablo on the General Ohm uti funda, instead of. IIB WA» intendod, on tho proportion of the Bishop's income which had been surrendered by the Bishpp. .i.i !>'T'ho Rev, Mr. RAIMA' second«} tho resolution, willoh, lifter a fow.tyordu by, tlio 1 iroaidont; waa ng-redd to. ' ' Tho pi'nooodings;wara closed by Ilia Benotlialion, nud tho'Syn'o'd adjoiirnod till tills afternoon at 2'30. 