SOCIETY AND FASHION. A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. January 17. Another death has occurred at Darmstadt, that of the. wife of the brother of the Grand Duke. The son-in-law of Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia, Prince Henry of the Netherlands, died a few days ago, after a very brief illne.BB. He was only 58, and was just then being written and talked about a good deal, because of his well-known sentiments respecting the marriage of the King of Holland with a young lady, only 42 years younger than His Majesty. The Prince, whose own proximity in the succession to the Prince of Orange, generally known as " Citron," was supposed to render his opinion "suspect," felt, as most people did who thought about it at all, that the marriage was not creditable to any of the parties con cerned; but he was probably quite disin terested in that judgment. Things here, be ginning with the weather, are extremely depressing. We have had every kind of bad weather since the year began, and to-day there is one of the densest fogs I have ever seen; the room I write in is - full of it; and there iB a black wall outside the windows. ■ From all sides come tales of widespreading and d.eep distress among the working classes, and the condi tion of the charitable institutions supported by voluntary contributous is becoming very serions. Altogether, we are looking out very anxiously on this side of the world for things to " take a turn." The Grosvenor Gallery and Burlington house are now open for their winter exhibi tions ; in both instances the private view was very well attended; that at the Grosvenor being a more intime and pleasant occasion than the other, as, the exhibition being partly composed of the works of living artists, these gentlemen and their friends mustered very- strong, and " conversation groups " were numerous and animated. Among the artists present was one whom we shall never see again—Mr. E. M. Ward, R.A. He waB looking ill.that day, and this morning hiB death is announced. He was busy of late chiefly with cartoon designs for the Windsor Tapestry Works, and two of his designs had just been executed for Sir Christopher Sykes. Mr. and Mrs. Ward only recently moved to Ashstead-house at Windsor, where studios had been constructed for them. Mr. Ward's death makes a second vacancy in the Royal Academy within a very short time. That .important body are about to elect three associates within a few days. The circum stances of Mr. Ward's death were very sad, but there can be -no doubt that he was labouring under temporary insanity. His historical paintings are very numerous and clever, though there is a little too much costume in them, a defect which was a merit when he amilied his art to tanestrv eartonns The last conversation I had with him was Apropos of a scene in the life of Marie Antoinette, which I was endeavouring to in duce him to paint. It was the " plot of the pink;" I thought it would make a most effective picture; the Queen taking from the hand of her faithful ad herent, all unconsciously, the dower into whose stem the tiny slip of paper with the plan for her rescue detailed in marvellously minute characters had been inserted. Mr. Ward was a very hard- working artist, and a great number of his works belong to the j nation. The Stuart series at South Kensing ton and the frescoes in the Honse of Com mons are among the most widely known and admired of them. He was born at Pimlico in 1816, and in 1834 became a student of the Academy under the auspices of Wilkie, who advised him in his studies. In 1838 he gained the silver medal from the Academy of Saint Luke at Rome. I believe the first work by which he became well known in England was his " Doctor Johnson Reading the M.S. of the Vicar of Wakefieldand in 1845 his " Doctor Johnson in the Anteroom of Lord Chesterfield " created quite a sensa tion. Everyone knows that picture, with the " great lexicographer " leaning on his stick, and Peg Womngton, with her black boy, in the foreground. It is at South; Kensington now, in the Vernon col lection. In 1846, Mr. Ward became an associate; in 1855, a R.A. Of Mrs. E. M. Ward's paintings 1 have often written; her style resembles that of her husband, but has a subtlety of touch wanting to his. Mr. Whistler has published a pamphlet, a very vulgar and a very silly one, on the subject of the recent libel case. He contends that only painters ought to criticise pictures, an opinion which is not likely to found a " school," but which suits the " mutual ad miration " people to perfection. The dispute, into which it was lamentable that a man of Mr. Ruskin's intellectual rank and dignity should be drawn by a gentleman like Mr. Whistler, who relies on eccentricities for fame, ana on a white lock of hair, which a sensible person would have had removed by a hairdresser, for personal distinction, will have one good result; it will dispose of a vast amount of nonsense calling itself enthu siasm, which has been talked and written of late. There are strong symptoms already of a wholesome reaction aganmt the gross and lamentable affectations that have for some time past been mistaken for art in the realm of both poetry and painting, and for criticism i in that of literature. The opening of the Lyceum Theatre under Mr. Irving's management took plane on the 30th December, and was the most brilliant Bcene of the kind within my remembrance, which goes back to several years. The ap plications for places were so numerous that three theatres the size of the Lyceum would not have held the people who wanted to see the sight, and the Strand was completely blocked up with carriages, while it required the exertions of a strong body of police to clear the way into the building for the fortu nate possessors of secured seats after the " Betting down" had been accomplished. The entrance- ball was lined with privileged spec tators, and a flutter of excitement pervaded the scene. The " house" was simply packed, and the Audience was indeed representative in the sense of literature, art, and fashion. The Baroness Bnrdett Coutts was unable to be present in consequence of the recent death of Mrs. Brown, her beloved friend and com panion, a lady who was. very well known and highly esteemed in Bociety. Mrs. Brown was an enthusiastic admirer of Mr. Irving, and it used to be quite a matter of course to see her, ensconced in a corner of the Baroness's box, with a shade over her eyes, and a screen § roperly adjusted, epjoying the play most lcroughly. Only a. few days before Mr. Irving nad officiated as pall-bearer at Mrs. Brown's funeraL. Th© new decorations and fittings of the Lyceum are very splendid, and m perfect taste; no theatre in London can now compete with it in those respects. The draperies are blue and white satin, and the mouldings and general lines are richly gilded.. The act drop represents a vast expanse of drapery, in cream colour and gold, and is the most beautiful thing of the kind I have ever seen. As the Prince of Wales Theatre was not to open for a week, Mr, and Mrs. Ban croft were able to be present; and they were much pleased with the' general effect; commendation from them is equivalent to " praise from Sir Hubert Stanley." A number of artists, the editors and critics of all the leading journals, a fair show of the aristocracy, and three or four, distinguished novelists were among the audience. The curtain rose'on the famous scene of the castle at Elsinore, and it was greeted with tumultuous applause. The scenery is quite unheard of in grandeur and finish, and the idea of the drtist and actor of transferring the ghost Bcene "to the brink of the " dread ful precipice " is a very fine one; the effect of the ghostly figure, with a pale light Bhining upon itB helmet, on the brink of the vast cliff overhanging the sea,' the great castle being seen in the distance is extraor dinarily fine. The entrance of Mr. Irving as Hamlet was the signal for a reception which surpassed any I have ever witnessed, and for a long time it was impossible to proceed with the business of the scene. His " Hamlet" is but little altered from the version which won him his great fame, but all the changes are for the better. A, start of surprise was communicated to the audience by his utterance of— "The cat will mew, the dog will have his day," with the new, and doubtless reasonable reading:—"the dog will have his bay;" but I am told that this has not been generally approved, and that he has Bince discarded it. The cast was very good indeed, and the " sensation " of the evening was Miss Ellen Terry's d&but; as Ophelia. There has been a great deal of nonsense talked and written about this actress, as if she were a new fledged wonder, instead of a thoroughly trained and experienced person, and an absurd attempt has been made to mystify the public about her age, without, 1 am quite sure, her own connivance; but this is another instance of the mock school of taste and criticism which has been set up of late years. Mrs. Kelly (MiBS Ellen Terry) is a clever and trained actress, her voice is sympathic, her attitudes are grace ful, ana her pathos as Ophelia is strik ing ; but she is lauded in terms which would be rather extravagant if used towards a Rachel, and she is quite as incapable of singing, even the mild and subdued singing of Ophelia, as any Ophelia who has preceded her. Her costumes, all soft, flowing, and of the nightgowny order, are very pretty, and her slender figure and expressive gestures are very effective. There is an absurd story that she made her studies for the mad scene at Bedlam; it is just as true as that Croizetta got her effects in the " Sphinx" from the dying agonies of a patient in a Paris hospital, which she was permitted to witness by the friendly promptitude of a certain physician, who availed himself of the fortunate (!) acci dent that a case of poisoning had been brought in, and sent off in haste for the actress. Among the alterations in " Hamlet" is an admirable arrangement of the last scene. in which the King, who has hitherto sat or stood unmoved while Hamlet railed at him prior to killing him, is so much absorbed by the death of the Queen that he does not ob serve his nephew's attitude or Laertes' denun ciation, and is fully taken by surprise by Hamlet's sword—just as the prince fore tells and portends in that ferociously vindic tive soliloquy which Mr. Irving never quite pleases one in, and which was Signor Sal vim's masterpiece. The general mourning for the Princess Alice has been strictly observed, and all places of public reBort have consequently been wanting in gaiety ; this is especially re markable at the theatres, where bright coloured caps and dresses of the brilliant reds and yellows that have recently been in fashion were much worn. Black velvet fowns, with stitched cambric collars turned ack over the square-cut bodice, four inches deep, and trimmed with point lace, the tight sleeve finished just below the elbow, and trimmed in the same way, are much worn at theatres. The newest " teagown" which I have seen is cut black velvet on white satin ground, with a border of tufts of black and white ostrich feathers, and buttons of jet and silver. The " teagown " mode shows no symptoms of decline. 