[?] Ladies' English Letter. ii. LONDON, Ja-- 1, 1879. The recent ' Doll Show ' at the Alexandra Palace, was a gratifying sight on two accounts ; it evidenced the astonishing growth of the taste for needlework — the development of industry, and of artistic feeling ; and in the second place, the kindly sympathy of the children-workers, who, in the original letters ap pended to their groups of dolls, or simple contribu tions, expressed their perfect satisfaction in the thought that, although they might win no prize, they might give nl ensure to some sick child in a hospitai. T A ? T ? ? ? l ? : ? 1:^:.^: ? J. UVI Jivit i lliltu QjlUtLCJl U1 VU1A UIAUtUU-UU of Messrs. Casscll, Petter, and Galpin, in connexion with their magazine entitled ' Little Folks.' Contri butions are sent from all parts of the world. Mv coajutor in literary work, and I have had the pleasure of writing some articles in that periodical, to instruct its young readers how to dress their dolls in costume, to form them into liistorical groups, or such as will illustrate fairy tales, or scenes of ordinary life ; how to moke toys at home, dolls' houses, &c.;, how to exe cute wood-carving in relief ; and how to illuminate. ^ - The lessons appear lo have been well learnt ; much |, originality- appeared in some instances ; and in one doll's house or more we observed that the bedroom crockery was actually modelled in clay by the clever little artist -fingers of the young competitor. Some of the scrap-books were very wonderfully made, delicate wreaths of ferns and pressed flowers and leaves being formed round the pictures so as to form a graceful frame. I name all this to stimulate the young people in Australia to get up such 'exhibitions; as good employment and practice for their finger, and an admirable form of charity, as regards the sufferers, younjr and old, in the hospitals, as they lie helpless and pleasureless in their sick beds.* The rag dolls, and rag animals; elephants, zebras, donkies, giraffes, and other quadrupeds were wonderfully executed. We gave a description in ' Little Folks ' how the patterns should be cut-out and sewn, and some illustrations ; which had been admirably carried out into practice. While on the subject of work connected with V charity to hospitals, 1 may mention a good idea of Lady ^Waterloo's (wife of the treasurer of St. Bartho lomew's), during the last twelve mouths she employed her leisure time in making nearly a hundred hand somely worked 'Nightingale jackets,' for the patients approaching convalescence ; and upwards of fifty well bour.d scrap-albums for the children in the various wards. Girton College is to be presented with the sum of £1000, by Mrs. Russell Gumev, for tho foundation of an entrance scholarship. The name of the late Hon. Russell G umev is to be attached to it, in memory o( his great interest in and usefulness to the college. Some bucIi gifts are much needed, as a considerable number of candidates for entrance and scholarship examinations, held last year, were unable to enter, though fully qualified to do so, as scholars, from lack of private means to meet the expenses entailed, moderate as they are. The college is now being con siderably increased, and on the completion of the works, there will be room for fifty-eight students. Hitherto the largest number received at one time has only been forty-one. There will be provision made for the mistress and assistant teachers, lecture- rooms, laboratory, and gymnasium. It has been reported that Mme. Adelina Patti, now at Berlin, so injured her knee-cap, that amputation was apprehended. This is a mistake, ller sufferings are simply from rheumatism; and it is likely that nome confusion of ideas h::s been made between this lady's knee-troubles, and those of Mr. Sim's Reeves, who was severely hurt from being upset when driving in n jaunting ear. Wc hear that the first performance of the new drama by Pietro C'o.ssa recently took place in ltome, the subject b?iiig 'the llorgias ' The leading female character is the ill- fated llosa Ynnozza, the mistress of Pope Alexander VI., and mother of his infamous children, was played by Virginia Marini. It may well be imagined that when, for the first time, a 'Pope made his appearance on the boards, there was a visible and audible sensation through the theatre. It was a strange sight, and as a liistorical representation, not a very creditable one ! Up to the year 1S70 no dignitary nor officer of the Church was allowed to be 3^ histrionically represented on the stage m Rome, and once only, before the present exhibition, since the incorporation of the city into the Italian kingdom, has a Pope been personified by an actor, and that was in a suburban play-house. It appears that all pas sages capable of application to the present relations between the Italian and the ' Vaticanite ' parties were loudly applauded. An especial journal is to be published by direction of the Vatican to advance the Papal cause, to be printed in Italian, French, English, German, and Spanish, and organized by the Pope's brother M. Pecci. Great improvements in the manufacture of papers for trails have been made. One of the new com positions is. a very important one, and merits a con siderable notice. It is called ' Muralis,' the ' Sun bury Wall Decoration,' and is a linoleum product. To house-builders and house-wives it is an invention well worthy of notice. It is not only a means of decorating in relief, but it is movable from one room or house to another ; it can be washed like paint, and it can be disinfected, both easily and without injury ; end lastly, it is eminently durable and ornamental. Mr. Frederick Walton, the invent&r; of linoleum, has now produced, by stamping, the effect of carving. The material had to be impervious to damp and wet, and to resist attenuations of heat and cold. It had to be tough, so as to resist the roughest scrubbing, and so durable as that the germs of disease might be burnt off with the flame of a candle, or washed off with dilute acid. It was not to be brittle, and it was to admit of production in any colour, and of being ( hand-painted, according to the taste of the owner, in water-colours mixed with oil. All these characteristics have been now obtained, and a silver medal was awarded to Mr. Walton, of Haughton Dale (near Manchester), for this charming ' Muralis,' or *? Sunbury Wall Decoration.' The material consists of a thick fabric of oxidized oil ; thus it is natural to suppose that it will prove durable. If struck with a hammer, a slight indenta tion will appear, but will be filled up in halfan hour; and a piece of it left for three months immersed in water came out as perfect as when first put in. It will probably be employed as much for the decoration of ifche outer walls of houses as for interiors. For hospitals it will prove invaluable, as it will bear acid - , washing ifolutions for the purpose of disinfecting. j . ?93ie painting of this wall-covering supplies a new J andagre^able, as well as lucrative employment for -? ladies, just like painting on china and pottery ; and without the danger of destruction of their work (in i the firing). I think I have done my readers a i friendly act in writing so much about this valuable improvement on house- paper, especially those who have carried with them to their new and sunnier land any remains of agues, or the like. The misdeeds of dressmakers have been long held in painful remembrance, and more than one eSort has been set on foot to do justice to their employers. Amongst other institutions— in which poor gentle women band together to work under the auspices of a society — a 'Mutual Dress-Supply Association' has just been started, the object of which is 'to earn* on the business of drapers, milliners, and dress makers; also of navy and army, and general out fitters, upon principles assuring to the shareholders the beneficial advantages of mutual co-operation.' This company has taken premises in Regent-street, having engaged managers of high reputation. Each share of £5 carries, by way of bonus, a transferable coupon voucher for goods of the retail value of £5 ; or, at the option of the shareholder, a £5 debenture bond to bearer. Gentlemen appear to think the principle sound, and to favour the idea, more especially the benedicts, poor fellows ! But I main tain that no husband should live in dread of his wife's personal bills; he should throw all the respon sibility on the right shoulders, by giving her as generous an allowance as his income will possibly permit ; and if that income should be too wretchedly small to allow of any margin, or permit a wife to appear suitably dressed without very great manage ment, why then he should take care — in the first place — not to marry a pretty goose. Certain it is that here, in the old country, we cannot dress suitably to our position in life for the same allowance made for it in my early days. The most careful have to keep pace with their associates in life ; and little economy, in regard to dress, can be now practised, except in a country place ; and even there, it depends much on the sort of neighbourhood in which your lot is cast. I A wonderful and most valuable collection of antique relics have lately been brought to light by the executors of an old gentleman, owning an estate in Hampshire, and another in Forfarshire. He was a miser, and was well known for penurious habits. There was, of course, a great routing-out of cobweb covered corncrs in the mansion, they came upon fifty two yards of old Venetian lace, two dessert-services of the earliest eld Worcester ; and, actually a com plete set of the original etchings of Rembrandt' 6 pic tures — upwards of a hundred in number — only four sets having been known to be in existence up to the present time ; one of these being in the British Museum. Of course, the 6Ct just discovered is almost to be termed priceless. A new book has come out on the subject of ' Fancy Dresses,' by a lady, who calls herself 'Ardern Holt,' published at the oftice of the Queen Newspaper, 346, Strand, London, W.C. The book does not claim to be an authority in the matter of historical cos tume, according to dates, but several hundreds of dresses in character are suggested, with advice as to those best suited to blondes and brunettes respec tively ; to the elderly likewise ; not omitting gen tlemen and children. The characters are arranged alphabetically, which adds to the value of the little work. A new and excellent form of charity consists in giving lessons in cookery. The economy to persons of small means, not to say of the labouring classes. A French family will make a good dinner out of edibles on which an English one would half starve, simply from knowing how to dress poor materials well. A fourth group of girls, selected from some of the city schools, were examined in the ' Demonstra tion Kitchen,' South Kensington, the other day; having only received sixteen lessons in the art during last month', at least during November, at the expense of the 'Worshipful Company to Cooks.' There were twelve girls, varying in age respectively from twelve to fourteen. First oral and written examina tions were gone through, in the presence of a large assemblage of ladies' and gentlemen. Then the girls cooked and served-up, in excellent style, fish (boiled and fried), pies, and hashes, sweet and savoury . pud- dings and cakes. Besides this, ' Sick-room Cookery' was also a feature in the demonstrations — beef-tea, sago-pudding, arrowroot, &c.; Prizes were awarded to the most efficient in their art, three in number, by the master of the company, consisting of a hand somely-bound cookery-book ; while the rest received a copy each, of 'Tegetmeier's Handbook of Cookery' from the ' Renter Warden.' The great rise in the price of sealskin jackets will not trouble our friends in sunny Australia, but we, in the old nest, are regretful over such a state of things, when the days of frost and snow are tinting our noses with, celestial hues, as the north wind, or still more objectionable north-easter, comes piping round the corners of the streets; parti-coloured, as they must be in London, at least. Last week there was a sale, in Mark Lane, of raw sealskins. The sale was not expected to realize more than £28,000 at the outside ; whereas, no less than £160,000 was spent by the buyers. It is said that a twenty guinea cloak of this fur will soon rise at this rate to nearly its own weight in silver. There is no doubt, however, that some protection was due to the poor seals, which some little time ago were slaughtered in the most cruelly wholesale and indiscriminate manner, mothers being ruthlessly destroyed, and little ones left to die of starvation. This horrible idea of cremation i* gaining so much ! ground that a funeral pyre is now in course of con struction, in the middle of the town of Woking, elose to St. John's schools, containing some 400 children ; and Professor Gorine has been appointed director of this monument and furnace. The consequence of these proceedings, so far, is, that the vicar of the parish has sent a letter of remonstrance to the Times, giving all details of this disgusting innovation, and protesting against it ; saying that the existence and use of such an appliance, for the roasting and destruction of human bodies, will be of the greatest injury to the property surrounding it, as well as to the individual comfort of the residents in that crowded locality. Already they have their own graveyard, and the cemetery of the Necropolis Company. [ The Princess Thyra of Denmark, was mar ried on the 21st ultimo, in the chapel of Castle Christianborg, at Copenhagen, to her fine good looking husband, the Duke of Cumberland. The whole town was decked with flags, and the streets were illuminated, as the ceremony look place between 7 and 8 p.m. The Duke wore the uniform of an English-colonel, and conducted the Queen to the altar, who was dressed in silver brocade, em broidered with gold, a tiaria and necklace of splendid Crown jewels. The King conducted his daughter, the bride, whose train was borne by six bridesmaids dressed in white, with roses, lie bridal couple occupied arm-chairs in front of the altar. Bishop Martins en officiated, and preached a brief sermon. On the conclusion of the ceremony a royal salute was ' fired, and the bride and bridegroom thanked the i Tting and Queen, felicitations followed, and much em- j bracing. A court was held afterwards ; at 10 o'clock ! the royal party withdrew for supper, and to change i their dresses; and at 11, the whole party drove from Christi anborg, amidst the cheering of the people, to the station. There was an exhibition of fireworks on rti* lake, with a monogram representing Copenhagen s farewell greeting. The train started at 11.30, amidst continuous cheering, for FredensboTg. All along the line the stations blazed with light ; at 12.30 they arrived to find the town all alive and gay, with triumphal arches decked with flags and garlands, and an avenue of torches. It appears that the princess had no dowry, but every society and corporation, large and small, throughout the country, presented some gift to the young Duchess of Cumberland^ It appears to be the custom of the ancient family of Petrie, that the daughters of the house should marry in pairs. This is again about to take place. The name of the ' futur ' of one of these young ladies I do not at this moment remember, though informed bv one of her family on the point, but the Hon. Monica Petre, youngest daughter of Lord and Lady Petre, of Thornden Hall, Essex, is to be married to Erdswick Butler Bowden, of Pleasington Hall, Lan cashire, and of Southgate House, Derbyshire. The young lady is very handsome, ana so young, that she has not yet been introduced. The state of health of the young Duchess of Nor folk is a topic of general conversation in the upper circles. Naturally an heir is much desired, but the poor lady is said to be suffering from an internal tumour, for which she has visited the wonder- working well of Lourdes, in France, but to no purpose. The duke offered up fifteen silver hearts at the chapel in Spanish-place — quite a novelty in England, where ' votive offerings' have never been in fashion. Henry Irving opened the Lyceum on Monday last, with a representation of ' Hamlet,' having acquired possession of that theatre as his own that very night. And when in response to one of the most enthusiastic of summonses ever accorded to an actor, he came forward to thank his audience, he uttered the words : ' To this performance the whole of my past career has tended.' A house such as that night exhibited has rarely been seen in London. All the most notable of the world of letters and of Art were there. The greatest indignation was evidenced at any accidental interruption, or at any one taking his seat late. The j stillness of the house at moments of the deepest interest, only made the outburst of wild enthusiastic applause the more remarkable when the time for letting loose the pent-up feelings of the house had come. Miss Ellen Terry was Ophelia, and she played her part gracefully. The dresses were much to be admired, and so were the scenes. The platform of Elsinore was decidedly fine, as well as that scene in which Hamet's interview with the ghost takes place. But, in my opinion, an actor who played with such consummate art in the spring, in the part of ' Louis XI.,' was likely to make a signal triumph in any character he chose to represent. D. de B. , 