EXPERIENCES OP AN edustbuegh detective. By JAMES McGOVAN, A.UTH0B OF ' BBOTH3B.T TO BAT,' &C.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Second Series,— No. IX, A FLASK OF TEA. At a large factory on the outskirts of Edinburgh they were working overtime to fulfil a heavy contract one evening towards the end of February. Usually the workers, some hundreds in number, left the place at six o'clock, but upon this occasion it had been arranged that they should stay till eight, though in the case of at least two of that number this arrangement was to be 1.j_T ? ,*_ IT11_ ? _3_J_ f»rf completely upseu xne second story or me building, consisting of one entire department in which the workers were mostly young girls and women, was under the care and' con trol of a foreman, named Harry Gibson — a handsome, sturdy young fellow, with laughing eyes and curly hair, about whom half of the girls in the factory were daft, the more so, perhaps, as he laughingly affected to despise them all. Harry, though sharp and strict enough in keeping the girls at their tasks, and in seeing that the work were properly done, was a general favorite with both girls and men; and, indeed, when I was called in, every one roundly asserted that Harry had not a single enemy in the work, or one who would wish him evil. In the flat superintended by this favorite young foreman there was a good deal of machinery, over which Harry exercised a watchful superintendence ; and on the night in question it chanced that a portion of this machinery, involving the idleness of more than a' dozen women, went wrong, and in his anxiety to get it repaired speedily, Harry worked like a slave for nearly half an hour, getting all right in that time, but, emerging from his cramped position into the hot room and glaring lights, bathed with perspiration and thoroughly exhausted — 'You'll be tired now?' remarked one of the workers. ' Yes, and dry as a lime kiln/' he breath lessly answered ; and then, wiping the sweat from his brow, he walked into a little room close by; in which his coat and hat hung, and, taking a tin flask of cold tea from the coat pocket, he put it to his lips and imbibed a long, steady draught. Before drinking, he had shaken the flask sharply to ' stir up the sugar,' as he after wards said, hut the moment the flask had left, his lips he made, a wry face, like a child after swallowing physic, and said to him self, ' That besom of a landlady has for gotten to wash out the flask ! Faugh ! it tastes like senna and salts !' With this smothered curse he corked up the flask, replaced it in his coat pocket, and returned to the great work-room, full of busy workers and rattling women, close by. The door by which he entered ] was at the extreme end of the room, and as it closed with a weighted pulley tha bang of shutting for the moment attracted some fifty pairs of eyes to the spot. A stracge spectacle met these eyes and riveted them there. Harry, however grimy at times he might be, was generally of a ruddy and healthy hue ; hut now, standing against the dark closed door, he looked so pale, so ghastly, and so anguished and corpse-like, that simultaneously a dozen voices exclaimed, 'What's wrong, Harry ? Have you hurt yourself ?' The young foreman did not answer im mediately, but clenched his liands on his breast as if he would have torn it open, and uttered a groaning cry that was heard above the rattle of machinery right to the other end of the flat. ' My God ! how I suffer !' he cried, as a number of girls ran forward to support him, thinking he was about to faint. ' Oh, I burn! There's something burning me through!' ' What have you taken ? Did you drink anything?' enquired a number, in tho utmost alarm and concern. tl Nothing ! nothing but a drink of cold tea, which I brought with me,' he ans wered, writhing in agony in the kindly arms supporting him. ''Yet it had an awful taste ; there must have been some thing in the flask. Oh God, I feel as if I was poisoned !' The greatest consternation now spread through the crowding workers, and the words, 'Harry's poisoned!' Tan through the room like wildfire, and thus reached the ears of one worker in particular, who was just leaving her post at the extreme end of the room. This was a girl named Maria Lees, who, for her youth, and beauty, and neatness, and tidiness in dress, had been dubbed ' The Belle of the Mill.' She had been either more intent on her work, or more busy with her own thoughts than her com panions, when Harry staggered in at the opposite end of the flat, and was only dimly aware that something had occurred, when the dreadful cry reached her ears, 'Harry's poisoned — Harry's poisoned with something in his tea !' Then she ran, swift and white as a ghost, to the clustering and paralysed crowd surrounding the stricken man, and noting his death-like aspect and half closed eyes, she threw up her clenched hands towards the ceiling, and emitted three awful and prolonged screams. 'Oh! oh! oh! Poisoned! yes, he is poisoned ! Oh, I have killed him !' As she hurled forth the awful cry in a tone of heart-broken self reproach she dropped like a stone to the ground, and showed so little signs of recovery — going from one hysterical fit into another — that at last it was decided to send her home in a cab. As for Harry Gibson, he had become so sick and prostrate that, after carrying ana 10 me nearest cnemisc ana getting what relief they could for him, they were advised to send him into the Infirmary. Tha same cab which brought his all but inani mate form to that place, brought the manager of the work to the Central Police Office, with a report of the circumstances of the case to me. My first suspicion, of coruse, was that there had been some jilt ing or disastrous love affair between Maria Lees and the poisoned man, if there were any connection whatever between her agi tation and his illness ; but on going out to the mill, and sharply questioning a number of the girls, I could discover nothing to confirm the suspicion. Maria, they all agreed, was a singularly modest and retiring young girl, interfered with no one, and had never been seen speaking to the foreman other than as was necessary in connection with her work. She did not ' walk with lads' at all, one girl told me, and the same knowing authority gave it as her opinion that Maria, pretty though she was, did not care a pin for men, sweet hearts, or any one but an old aunt with whom she stayed. Thus disappointed re garding the girl, I turned to the chief sufferer in the affair to learn whether .frd had not annoyed her in any way, or flirted with her, or pestered her with disagreeable attentions, but here again I was astonished to receive as sharp and decided a negative as the weakness and suffering of the patient would allow. il I never looked at her, or spoke to her, or thought of her since she came to th© work,' he said, and though he had been told decidedly that he had been poisoned with tartar emetic introduced into his flask of tea, he decidedly added, 'I don't believe the girl knew what she was saving when she cried out that she had MUed'me. She is too good to try such a thing1, even if she had cause. There isn't a quieter or better in the whole work. I've watched her closely when she didn't think of it, and I think I should know.' Thus pulled up I thought I would go back to the beginning, and trace the history of the flask of tea step by step till its con tents glided so disastrously down Harry Gibson's throat. I went to his landlady and found that, contrary to his own suppo sition, she had carefully washed the flask out, and scoured and polished the outside before filling in the tea ; that she had also rinsed the teapot before making the tea, and that she had sweetened it from the same sugar basin she herself had used that after noon with perfect impunity; and that she had no motive for wishing such an accident to befall him. Having made sure of these facts, I followed the flask of tea, if I may so speak, into Harry's coat-pocket, out of the house, through several streets, and into the little room or closet, already men tioned, which contained only a few work books, some tools, and oU flasks, and naxry s coat ana nat. mis room was gene rally locked, and when this was the case, Harry himself carried the key, as beinsr on the landing-place, and containing arti cles of value and importance to him, andl being passed during the day by hundreds of workers it was thought necessary to secure it against intruders. When the flask of tea was left in it that afternoon, however, it was believed to have been left unlocked ; at least, Harry himself could not remenber fastening the door, or unlocking it when he returned thirsty and heated, from the great room close by. So far the mystery was intelligible; andl began to entertain a strong conviction that the tartar emetic found in the flask had been introduced dur ing that interval, and by some evilly dis ?JT! ? . posed person -with the deliberate intention «f^oisonicg tke-7oung~foremam ' That a-* ^ooddeal of ibis : supposition was both , basty and erroneous I shati.presatitly«hoiv; , ! t-ut the ground- work lwas sound enough |to . allow me to begin with the tracking of the ?? : criminal. Harry Gibson lay in « sufficiently critical state to warrant me in fearing . that «caee of, murder, dastardly as it seemed deliberate, would spring out of the simple facts I have given; and I was propor iienately anxious to get a clue of some kind before the scent got cold or the criminal qmetly evaporated. Tartar emetic, as most persons are aware, . is a powerful poison, and is not allowed to l»e«old in ^any but small quantities, except tra the order of a medical man or a veteri nary surgeon. I therefore, after tracing the flask of tea thus far, turned with some interest to the chemists in the neighbor hood, gradually widening the circle as my enquiries as toa purchaser of tartar emetic proved vain and fruitless. In this search disappointment followed disappointment, till at length I began to despair of gettiug at any clue to the guilty one;, and had nearly given up the task, when one chemist, after answering in the same strain as the others, carelessly added — \- ' I have not even made up a prescription in which tartar emetic was used for ma^y months — stay, I'm wrong, though; I did make up an emetic for an old woman the week before last, but, of course, not in sufecient quantity to poison any one.' 'You made up an emetic?' I repeated, rousing myself at once. ' Will you be good enough to explain what that means I Surely a poison's a poison, whether sold in large or jsmall quantities ?' The man smiled at my sharpness, and probably also at what he considered my ignorance. ? ? 'It is a poison, certainly, but not so dangerous that we refuse to sell it/' he answered. ' To explain ; the old woman I mentioned just now came into my shqp shaking her head and; looking very illj ihat is, sallow, sick, and bilious— and saying, 'Eh, unster, Fm awfa' bad wi' bile ; could ye gie me. something to break it — an emetic — something to make me eickF' I 'And you gave her tartar emetic 1' pC remarked; not so pleased as the chemist at the easy arrangement. '1 gave her a number of powders, which she was to take one after another till the desired effect were produced,' replied the chemist, with perfect coolness. 'There was really, little danger though she had swallowed them all bodily-r-that is, little danger of poisoning — though sickness would, have resulted as a matter of course.' ; 'Had the old woman a doctor's line, or a prescription of any kind ?' ' No j but the matter was so simple, anil the case so common ; we ; do not look upon that as an infringement of the law. Indeed it is difficult to draw the line in these matters. We generally hesitate to sell above a quarter of an ounce of laudanum to a stranger, yet there are some who come in here and purchase and swallow half an ounce at a time.'' ; ' Was the old woman known to you f'7 ' No ; a perfect stranger, and quite poorly dressed. Very likely she could not afford a doctor, even had she been more seriously ill We often make up medicines for such cases without a line.7' ' ' Did she give no name ?' I 'None. I didTiot think of asking her.'' I made no comment, though I could have done so in a manner more emphatic than agreeable, but moved out into the street, and indulged in a good 'think.' The result was that I took my way back to another of the chemists whom I had qnes? tioned in vain, and rather staggered him by saying — ?; 'Bid you not make up an emetic some time lately for an old; woman ?' ] The man thought a little and then said— ' Yes, I believe we did. She was bad with bile, I think, and wished for somethiog to make it break.' : ' And you gave her tartar emetic ?w 'A preparation of it — quite a haxmlesa thing/ . ? . ? : 'But suppose she went to a number of chemists and got the same from them, would she not then have enough to be harmful?'7 1 sharply enquired. ' Yes, I daresay if she were so inclined,'' rather scoruf ully returned the man ; *' but if she bad wished to poison herself it's more likely she'd have chosen a poison better jknovra, such as laudanum or arsenic.' That was the man's opinion, nothing more, and I put it aside and steadily pereued my investigation. The result was gratifying enough to make my blood tingle j more briskly through my -veins, and my| hopes of a good clue quicken in proportion. Every chemist but one had been visited by I the mysterious old woman, but only one of them had asked her name, when she had given that of Jane Jeffrey, coupled with an address which I speedily ascertained to be a false one. It appeared also that in this last case she had given the name in answer to a sudden enquiry, and evidently when taken aback, but had hesitated and shuffled when the question was followed by an enquiry for her address. After making this discovery my inten tion was to have gone back to the poisoael man and inquire if he knew any one cou- ?; nected with the work and answering the description of this old woman, but being informed that the patient was now too low to be troubled, I had to content mys If with a visit — the first I had paid — to the . gill Maria Lees. I had got her address with full powers before starting, but had ; hesitated to arrest her solely on account of the good character every one gave her, and ; Harry Gibson's own emphatic belief in her , innocence. It chanced, however, that after leaving him I had got in tow with one of the workers, who let fall a word that sent any thoughts again wandering in her diree- ? 4ion. ; This was when asking if Maria Lees and the foreman had ever been sweet hearting, when the young girl I was ques tioning let fall the the curious words — I 'No, there's naething between them, but I believe fihe likes Harry for a' that— loes the yarj; grand he walks on.' ''What makes you think that?' I laughingly returned,' with apparent indif ference, but really roused and startled into great excitement. ' Because ane o' the workers anee said for fun that Harry was gatin to be married, and Marie turned as white as a cloot, and then as red as a rose. Oh, I'm sure she likes him; though ehe'e owre quiet to let it be seen,1* This hint had elated and depressed me '? huone moment. If Maria Teally loved the handsome young foreman her fearful ex citement &n; the occasion of the poisoning was to some extent accounted for ; but on IJie other hand how could she be^ guilty of the dastardly act while entertaining such a feeling towards the victim ?' The result of love, however secret, in my experience had generally not been poisoning, but protecting, shielding, helping, and sav ing. Yet this modest, good, and secretly loving girl was she whom I was about to visit, and charge 'with that horrible crime. Troubled thus with conflicting thoughts, I reached Maria's house in anything but a comfortable frame of mind ; and I daresay had I had an ordinary and subtle criminal to deal with, I might have departed even more pullzed than I arrived. The house was in a densely populated part of the city, and I reached it when the day was begining to wane. The door bore the name of Maria's aunt, as Ihad been told, but my knock was answered by a young girl, so pretty, yet so deathly pale and tremulous, that I had no difficulty in iden tifying her as my intended prisoner. The house seemed to consist of but a room, aud-a closet, and was deserted by all but hersalf. ' You are Maria Iiees ?' I enquiringly began, not sternly, but in as casual a tone as I could assume. : An instantaneous change came over her — her sensitive nature seemed to thrill at once to a knowledge of coming danger* and. in a fearful tone she answered — ' Yes, sir ; and you are a policeman coma to take me up?' :' She got the words out and no more, aud then would have dropped in a heap on the clean floor had I not caught her arm and led her to a chair. 'Is your aunt not in?' I said, gravely, as soon as she had recovered. **No; this is one of her days to go out and wash j and I am not sorry,' returned Maria, weeping guiltily the white, 'It would kill her to see me taken away ; I'm glad she's not here.' ' You mustn't say too much before me;' I warningly remarked, pitying the poor shivering thing crouching so woefully arid abjectly before me. ' 1 am not a police man, but a detective has to report every thing just the same ; so do not say more than you can help.' ? 'Is he — is Harry any better ?' she faintly enquired, after an awkward pause.; I felt to say it, but the truth must have been seen in my eyes, for she paled again before words escaped my lips. ' He is not. He is rather worse ; too ill to see me.' .... : The stricken girl wrung her hands in despair. ' I knew it 1 He will die, and they will hang me for it ; and I deserve it twenty times over. No death would be too cruel for me to suiier. Oh, I wish it were all over, and me lying in the cool grave with all my troubles at an end.' ' I am sorry for you,' I said, with some feeling; 'but you should have- thought of that before you planned to poison him.' l A wild, quick start, and a curious look straight into my eye3, were the answer; Then she tremulously said — ; ' I did not plan to poison him ; I would not wish a hair of his head harmed. 1 would have laid down my life to save hiiri & moment's pain.' ; I remained grimly silent, but the incredu^ lous look in my eye did not escape her, for she quickly added; — \ 'I never dreamt of the stuff being poison. Oh, though they hang me to-morrow, I could swear that !' ? ? ! *iThen what did you imagine it to be ?| 'I don't know,' and a slight flush of shame tinged her cheeks as she confusedly stammered out words. \ ' Where did you get it, then, and what did you ask for?' 1 impatiently pursued. ' Of course, you are not bound to answer me anything, but if you are innocent in in tention, your easiest plan to prove it is to reveal all you know.' There was no answer. Maria sobbed quietly for some moments, and, indeed, I was not sure that she had heard all I said. Then a new thoughtstruck me, and I added rather abruptly — 'Do you know anything of a woman, old and sallow - skinned, called Jane Jeffrey?' A swift, seared look of mute surprise, and wonder was -her answer. I had seen such a look hundreds of times before on! other faces, guilty and innocent, and to me it seemed to say — ' What a wonderful man you are ; how', cunning and deep-searching j you seem to knotr everything !' . *s I see you do know the woman,' Ij gently continued. u Have you any objjec- ; tion to admit that you employed her to pro-! cure the poison ?' ' I won't admit that, I won't, though I should be hanged and burnt alive for it !' she vehemently answered. ' I can't admit : alie. ButFll tell the truth ; yes,Ideserve to be exposed and laughed at for my silliness. I'll tell you the truth.' But the moment these promising words were out of her mouth she started and drew back. 'I forgot about that 1' she slowly articu lated, speaking more to herself than to me. * No, I cannot, dare not tell ! I am bound to it.' '±Jy some foolish promise, or perhaps a wicked oath ?' I suggested, acutely enough as it turned out. 'If there is another worse than you whom that oath screens or protects cast it aside without a thought. The crime is a diabolical one, and does not deserve to go unpunished.' *' You are right. I have thought that ever since it happened, but could not think of any way of telling the truth without damning my own soul to all eternity, as these were the words I used, with my hand on the Bible when I promised to keep the iecret.' 'I dare say. I have heard of such blas phemy before,' I shortly answered. ** But Harry was good and kind, and did not deserve to suffer as he has done/' she pursued with her eyes now flashing fiercely and her cheeks glowing with indigna tion. u Yes, it was a cruel and deliberate plot to torture or kill him, and it must be right to expose it, even though I suffer for it for ever.' '? I don't know how it began that I took more notice of Harry than of other man/' she 'pursued, after a pause to think, and blushing painfully as she did so, ' I think it was after him one day saying before all in the workshop, while scolding one of the workers for dirtiness, ' I tell you Maria Lees is tlie tidieet girl in the miU. Take a look at her, and then at yourself, you dirty trol lop.' I had never thought of him before as anything but our foreman, or of any man as a sweetheart, my aunt is so strict with me, and would have lifted the poker or a stick to my back if Ihad even hinted at such a thing. But somehow after that I began to think of him more than anybody, and to notice how handsome he is, and how kind to them that do well ; and then, when our annual trip came off, he happened to ask me out into the ring — me and nobody else — when they were playing jing-a-ring, and after he kissed me I could not get him out of my head. I used to dream of him night and day, and to watch him when he did not know, but all the time he never once spoke to me or looked at me, but to direct me like an ordinary worker. And although I knew he didn't care for me, or think of me, or look at me, I got to be so wrapped up in him that I could not bear to see him laughing or joking, or larkihg with any of th« girls in the mill. It was that feeling that first let me know that; I was in love with him ; and I was as angry with myself at the discovery as if I had committed a crime.' ** And all that time he never spoke to you of love, or looked at you, or even flirted with you ?' I interposed, with deep interest in the simple and truthful heart record being opened out so unreservedly before my eyes. ' Never, never ; and I see what you are hinting at,' she quickly replied; 'but though he had, and had then quarrelled with me or cast me off, I could never haye thought of doing him an. injury. No, though he had killed me, or tried it, ? I should have loved him just as strong as ever. I couldn't help it. Well, after dreaming through long^ long months about him, it came near St. Valentine's day, and I saw a number of the girls getting ready valentines to send to him. I thought it would be so nice to see him wearing some Xhjto l'h&$ xnade? and got worsted aud knitted him a pair of soft woollen jnittens. I was very particular to do them well, add as I couldn't do them when any one saw me, I sat up in the night. They were very pretty, with his name worked in red ; bat they're up in that little box, for I never had courage to send them. A strange trem bling came over me whenever I tried to put them up, and I was sure that the next time he looked in my face he would see me turn red and guess who had sent the mittens, so I thought best to put them away. I bought a valentine, too ; but the word *' love' was on it, and it seemed so to burn in my heaH that I put it into the fire and never thought of another. Sometimes, when our eyes met in the mill, I trembled so that £ thought I would drop, and was always in a dreadful fear lest he should guess that I cared for him, and tried to avoid looking at him, or speaking to him, or appearing to notice that he was in the place.' But about that time I happened to hear one of the girls say that Jen Jeffrey, who had been put away from the mill for drinking, was !ja wise woman, and could tell by only look ing into a tea-cup what kind of a man one was to marry, and whether they were to be happy or no.' *? A wise woman ?' I contemptuously echoed, 'a wise fiddlestick I But go oa, please.' ' I pretended not to hear them say it, 'though they gave an instance in which Jen told everything that was to happen weeks before the things took place, but all the lime 1 was saying to; myself * If she can tell me who I am to get I will know1 whether to dream or think more of Harry.' After studying the thing for a while I went one dark night to Jen's house and told . her I wanted to know what my sweetheart 1 was to be like, and sure enough she dee scribed Harry as my sweetheart as correct as if he had been standing before her^' Then she said he did not love me, nor never would, unless I got a love-charm to change his heart and make it turn towards miue.^ ?'A love-charm? — and, pray, what is that?' '? ' That was just what I asked her, bat she would not tell me, but said it could only be got at rare times, and would, cost a deal of money.' ' Ay, of course, that generally comes in.' ' Nothing less than a piece of gold would do, she mid, so as I had ten shillings saved I got it changed for half a sovereign, and then gave it to her for the love charm.' ' The poison ? Oh, you fool !' ' Yes, I know that now- but I didn't then/' tearfully answered Maria. ' She told] me I must get him. to driuk the powder or swallow it in some way, and that then he would turn to love me, and marry me before the year was out. I hadn't thought of marriage, only I did want him to love me,: so I carried the paper with the powder in my pocket for some days till the machinery' went wrong, when I got out of the work shop and slipped into the little room where; Harry's coat hung and put it all into the : flask of tea.' ; \ 'And you say that this Jen Jeffery was turned out of the mill for drinking. Had Harry anything to do with her being thus : discharged ?' : 'Oh, yes; I didn't think of that before. It was'Hairy that put her off.' ' Humph ! I think I begin to understand the matter now,' was my wrathful remark. 'Ah, but remember Jen did not know; he name of the man I wished to learn ; o love me ; she told me so herself more \ ihan once,' quickly returned the simple ; girl. . 'She said that was not revealed.' : 11 Yes, and a drinker is generally a liar, so you will know what weight to put upon ? that statement,' I sharply rejoined. ' 1 1 dare say the same source of inspiration which prompted her to give his portrait would also suggest his name. And you ' say she extracted a fearful oath from you \ not to reveal who gave you the love charm?' \ The girl shuddered and paled at the re collection. : ; *' Yes, a fearful oath — that's the word — a fearful oath.' 'Then the sooner Jen Jeffrey and iny bracelets are acquainted the better for the community at large and the ends of justice generally,' was my concluding remark ; and with that I closed the investigation for that evening. Directing Maria to put on her things, and explaining as gently as pos sible the nature of the charge to her aunt, who appeared as we were about to leave, I got her to lead me straight to Jen's abode. The old jade winced a little when she saw who stood before her, and most loudly and -emphatically denied the charge and Maria's statement from begin ning to end, and in the end resisted so stoutly both with claws and screaming out cries that I was forced to summon a couple of policemen to carry her down the stair to the cab I had sent for. Even then I could scarcely keep her from springing upon her dupe, and scratching Maria's eyes out, and was thankful to get her into a cell, and out of harm's way before her spiteful fury could vent itself upon the suffering and tearful girl. In a day or two Harry Gibson was sufticiently recovered to be able to appear as a witness, and both Maria and old Jen were formally remitted to the Sheriff Court on a charge of administering a poisonous drug with' intend But as we had a weak case against Jen without Maria's evidence, she was allowed to appear as a witness, when she created some laughter and amuse ment by saying in open court, and in hear ing of Harry himself, in answer to a ques tion from the Sheriff on the bench — 'It was because I loved him, and he didn't care for me, and she said that the charm would turn his heart towards mine*' Having heard the words, and laughed heartily with the rest at her naiveU and charming confusion; but the admission, and, perhaps, a predilection for the girl combined, appeared to set him a thinking. Jen was sentenced to a year's imprison ment, while Maria of course was dis charged ; but Harry, though he had nar rowly escaped death through her, seemed to look rather at the object in view than the deed itself, for he drew closer and closer to his poisoner, and actually, as had been predicted, married her within the year. Wasn't Jen a wise woman after all, hey ? and didn't she deserve a monument of solid silver instead of a year's oakum picking ? What a cruel, ungrateful world this is to be sure! 