QUIPS AND CRANKS.—No. CXIX. Efxgbak by Tba Bbk. host. Your darling gold, thou man of dross, YouH lose at last—leave all behind you. Gone, for your friends to gain the loss. And you—the very deuce may findyou. COLOKIAL SOCIETY. Elderly Lady (in tears) to ber housemaid— " Oh! Bridget, I am completely disgraced. My daughter, Miss Josephine, has demeaned^ and forgot herself so far as to shake hands with a low mechanic! I am, you know, a real lady.'" Bridget— " Well, Mum; I never wad a knowd it if you hadn't a tonld me."—T. B. (Port Lincoln). THE T.AItJUKIN's UtMKSr. T don't know uothink of old Cuy Fawkes, 'Cos I never aint been ter school; But father he calls him a willin, and A sort of a bigotted fool. But I .knows that we poor young 'uns, As don't have games to play, Reckons on bavin' some crackers To fireon old Guy Fawkes Day. But And the reglar bobbies runs they as in, nps and takes us, As Was if a-fixicg a reglar of downright crackers sin. And Beddome the Beak he finesus, All And for tells lettw' us off to crackers " walk our chalks/' In honour of old Gny Fawkes. 'Taint much we knows of old Fawkey, But we burns his " effigee," And we gets a score of coppers. Which its quite enough for me. But I don't hold with them there peelers, Ab trots ns young 'una in. When there's lots of swell mob gentry, Plays a reglar game with tin. Toxjra BOUGH. They bad an amateur brass band oat at an Oddfellows funeral at bwe Mountain last week, and when they bad squelched out " The Sweet Bye-and-Bye" at the grave-side, the minister said in his address that the deceased was," in one respect, most fortunate in having been called away thus early." That was all be said, but the mourners grinned, and the musi Claris are still going round saying that this " blamed sarcasm is infernally out of place at a funeral, you know." The Use of a Gbost.—The writer of "Chat' in May fair says, " I remember an old gentleman B&yingto; his nephew, jast arrived from Hirrow, • Am impression prevails among my servants that my wine-cellar is haunted b' ghost. Now, X do not pretend to say whet: there is any foundation for the idea or not, bnt I de know that it protects" my wine, and I most insist upon yonr never alluding to it with levity.'» 