' 1 Parliament of Victoria; ; ' 1 j (from our melbourne correspondent.) : ! LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. " I Thursday, Sept. II. Mr Berry gave notice that 011 Tuosday next . he would move that a call of tho House be mado for Thursday the 25th inst. 'Mr Cooper asked tho Minister of Mines! ' firhfether official notice had boen sont to tho BMlkbit Water Commission, intimating that tho Crovbfiimont intend to take over the works within a. few months ; also, wliother such notice ! had heeri sent to any other water commission, or, is it intonded to sond any such notice. Major. Smith replied that tho notice had been ; sont. There was no . intention to send any I similar notice to any othor commissions at pro-; sent. _ | Mr Woods in answor to a quostion, said that j the ground at present in the occupation of tho i fishormcn at Queonsolifte could not bo used for . railway purposes until tho fishermen had quitted it; 'The amount estimated as necessary to enablo the fishermen to remove; was now available for thbse'who wero prepared to claim it, but until thfcy quitted it the Department could riot com- trienco the wOrks necessary. _ _ MrBARR asked' the Treasurer if ho would bo in a position to pay the moioty of endowment to municipalities before tlio 30th September, in order that these bodios may be ablo to com ply with tho requiromonta of tho Local Govern ment Act. Major Smitu said ho had no doubt but that he would bo ablo to pay tho moiety of tho en dowment in timo. .-Mr Mason asked the Minister of Public In struction what steps he purposod taking with a view to providing suitablo omploymont for thoso teachers of long standing, m 111s department ,'whbso Services had been dispensed with in eon- sequence of their inability to prctcuro a license to tea'clv. He htatcd that he understood about O'ne huridred 'tbaclidrs had boon throivn out of employment owing to their failure to pass their examinations. This moant that at least about one hundred persons would be thrown out of employment. Major Smith said that two op portunities hod boon givon to tho teachors of passing Ih'eir examination, and they had failed. 'Hri. Would bb prepared to givo any who wore qualified pdaitioris as truarit-oflicers or inapoc- tor'B 1 if thoy proved themselves qualified, but not to the prejudice of thoso already on tho "Six Du'ffy presented a petition asking that certain reserves in Kara Kara'should be reserved from solectioii. The rosorvos referred to wero situated near St. Arnaud, and contnined stores ,of water in what were believed to be the craters o'£ .extinct volcanoes. . -..Mr Gasieron asked the Chief Socretary to fivo an hour next wook to tho discussion of tho ;ancofield Railway Bill. ;.;Mr Berry said that after tho questions of re form and tho tariff, which wore of groator im portance, had boen considered, ho would answor ibjp, question. . Sir. Bryan O'Logulen moved for loavo to bring in a bill to further amend tho Electoral Apt, 1865. Loavo was granted. The debato on the Constitution Act Amend ment Bill was resumed by | . ... ; Trofeskor ' PEARSrik, wlio arjgubd iJiivt tiibiBill w?e!) ,'q'f iliat 1 m'odbi'Ato cliaraotor which riiight fairly be expected, Tho despatch of Sir Miobaol — — - Hioks-Boaoh had recognised that, the requests made by tlio Assembly were . reasonable .in their nature. English statesmeri were necessarily compelled to bo reticont in . formulating thoir viows in writing, by reason of the great import ance which was attaohod to thom. It was, thoroforo, nocossary for us to keep our ranks closed, and if wo did this wo would bo euro to got such n reform nk would be ri dosirable oiio. Ho regretted that tlio nominoo prinoiplo had hot boon introduced ih a soparalb measure. Tho opinion of English Coniiorvtttii'O statesmen was opposed to tho introduction of two elective chambors into Canada. Thoy told tho Canadian dologatcs thoy would much prefer that the second Houso shouldboanomineo ono. Recent ovonts had made this viow ono of Iobs valuo, as tho nomineo system in Canada appeared to havo brolcon down. Ho did not beliove that a nominee Upper Chambor would be swamped by impropor appointments. It was orroneoiis to state thai tlio ono Houso had not powor to originate radi cal reforms in tho constitution of tho bthor. The Commons had on ohd occasion abolished the bishops, and aftor wards attempted to abolish tho Houso of Lords. Tho Council had given sufficiont provocation by throwing out tho Elec toral Act of 1863, . for this course. He was strongly in favour of tho plebiscite, nnd quoted from a reviow in tho Spectator of DrTore'i pamphlet 011 its operations ill Switzerland, iii support of it. Ho referred to tlio constitutions of tho various states legislature in America, and quotod tho oxample of one which pasted a law; that any judge absent frdm duty for ninety days should bo deprived of his salary fdr a riionth; as a proof that legislature needed the check of tho popular vote. WI1011 Mr Berry loft Eng land, he had tfocoived congratulations from an immonse numbor of people who told him wo liad obtained much more than they ever expected; Ho then told thoso who congratulated him that tho Council would place any Reform Bill passed in the waste basket, after that the Bill would bo approved by the country, and another As- ssombly returned to enforce the same legislative principles, as ho felt certain tho country would stand firm on the question. Ariy durable treaty of peaco between the two Houses would hove td bo made on tho loss of that chamber. Ho argued that the Opposition should not oppose reformi for if thoy did they would be haunted as ono of Nathaniel Hawthorn's lioroe3 was, by tho ghost of their own misdeeds, and concluded by saying thoy might turn out the Government on any other question but this, but if they did, there would bo no poaco. Mr Gillies reproached tho Government for changing front. (Left sitting.) 