THE CRY OF THE WRETCHED. FOR hours along the crowded street, With aimless stops I've trod, Without a home or hope in life, With scarce a hope in God. This cruernight is fitting oloso To such it crusliing day i Tliq cnrth is, oh ! so dreary cold I And heiw'on so for away. The friendless roiiao no anxious thoughts, Tho bu*y throng sweeps on ; Vro stayed beyond tli.o city'a lights, Tho twilight's grey has gouo; ' My usolees arms liavo foiled to win A'crust, n I>laco to stay ; Jiurth hns no work, no room for mo, Ana hoayou is far awny. 0 groat, wide world ! O frowning sky 1 . So cheerless and ?o vast, 1 daro your keen and cutting eleot, Your piercing, bitter blast ; Eoko, howl, and laeh this living spark From out tho tortured clay, That fcols existence dark, all dark, ? And heaven, so far away. ?How dull and black beside my f?et . Tho sluggish river, rolls ; It beckons us a demon nught To lure unhappy souls. . . Ite slimy voice is whispering, Horo rest in pence for oyo ; O God ! tho .river is so near, And heaven eo far away. ? Do Tins Dvcra Suffkb Pajn f—People. do not like to think of death. ? It is an unpleas ant, subjoot ; but it constantly obtrudes it solfj and tlicrb has been much speculation as to whether montal or phytiioal pnin nttends tho final-act. ? Observation t?nolie?.U? that there is UtUo i>ain of cither land in dying-. Expcricnoo will ena fo us all ono of thoso days but it will oomo too UU) to bcnc?t those ?whorcraoiu. It ewitw to Iμ a kind provision of nature thut, aa m> nppronoh the droad cvont, our terrors dimiuiah,' and tho coward and tl.o hero dio' .Oiko-ioarloM... mdlflorait, or ' resigned. Ax to. .nhyjuoal. pa>?,. Dr. Slward H. CUark, in ? ".Tfruons,* wys:— "Tlio rule ia that iinoonsoionsnoss, not pain, attends ttw flmU ??U To th* eabi?et of ll'death 1* BO more pataful than t?rth. Painlessly -we como: -whence -we know not. Palnleeely gt.; whither wo know not Nα turHdSuyJprovide. an "?f th^K?* c body when the spirit loarcs !t. I*?* s ?f <W: moment, and. to preparation for it, reepiration become, CTnerally do?r aniTahort, often accomplished by .longr in-. .Titration and short, midden expu-atlona, ao SatthT blood i? steadily lesa and lew ox T - Keaatod. At tho aamo time the heart.. ?ota com*pondlng- dobOlty, .-proaucing a alow, feeble' and often ?irroffak?P?Jeo:. A. thirnroceKi Kocs on, tho blood..is not only with f and in lew quantity, but .what flow, there w Eadod more and more with, carbonio uc.d the wrno a> that SSvcifrom-charooal. Subject to' flucneo tho nerve 'contios low coneoionanese ond Bensibility, apparent eloop oroepe 9J" Ao eyetem;- then cornea stupor, and then, the end." . ' ? , How.Did St. Pxvv f^ o *—*?"?%" diaeuMlon between M. Beaan and M. Mex ioro. obnoerninsr tho personal oppaoranoo of St. Paul haafollowea the pablio reception of M. Eenau into the French -. Academy. M. hoe deecribed St. Paul as a bald man, of ebort .tatnre, aquiline noee, moet ine eyebrowa, pole face, email head, piero inf oyes, thick beard, prominent ahouldere, ?ud bow low. Challenged to ex&ma; whence ho derive all the?e remarkable details of St, Paul's personal appearance, he has oltod the "Acta of Thekla" as hb authority for the aquillno noae, the bald neee, the meeting eyebrowa, the small eUture, and tho bow legs—and the eccle siastical history of Nicephrua for the email hoad, the piering eyee, the pale face, the tbick beard, arid tbe prominent shoul ders. Aβ M. Benan would certainly not accept either ol these -rery unh.etorical authorities aa his warrant for any statement intrineically improbable, we wonder why ho so eairerly appeals to them for mattorn not intrinsically improbable. An apooryphnl writer who will freely invent portents, will bo quite as ready to invont' their circum stantial framowock. Would anyone in Wβ senses go to Defoo'e " AppMition of Mrs. Veale" with the yiow of discovering not what Mrs. VtaU't ghost was like—being rationaliatio enough to rejeot the ghoat as a fib of what Jfr*. VeaU herself was like, where she had lived, and what where her circumstances f The ways of imaeinative rationalists are'certainly won derful, and their affirmations often stranger than their denials.-— Tht Spectator. ?Em name of a New Hampshire gohool is May I Cough; It la mnob more common to hear aehool- teaohsra addressed M May I Qwont Alta Callfornian. 