MELBOURNE. (prom our own correspondent.) Friday Evening. I don t think I ever sympathised more with a personal disappointment which did not affect mysolf than I did with that of tho clever author of Branches' from tho Mail Routes when he reached tho Cataract of Lodore, and found it only an advertising squirt, which was per manently short of water. Southoy has fooled us shamefully, and I hope his penalty will be that in future his illusionary account of its. dashing, and splashing, and crashing will bo banished from tho curriculum of the school elocutionist. Pos sibly to somo select spiritualistic circle he will protest, of course ungrammatically — for authors mako a point of eschewing their professional in stincts when speaking through mediums — against tho verdict, but the omniscient Hingston can bo backed against a dozen ghosts, and Lodore will in future ha vo to be regarded as ai dribble. All this quantity of sack to a haporth' of head apro pos of tho fact that it lias boon raining per sistently all day, a serious solemn well mo-, dulated rain, which understands its business, and which, while it gladdens the great agricultural ii 'erest, isn't worth sixpence to the miners. The Premier and Major Smith trained them" selves off to-day — the first for Geelong and the second for his alpine home, and Mr Longmoro has gone upon a cruise amongst his doarly be loved soleetors. He is a wonder for work that Mr Longmoro, and his conscience must be easy to enable him to sleep at all. Hi3 Excellency the Governor inspeoted the Exhibition Building to-day, whioh is growing up in grand style and assuming majestic proportions. What is dono is being well done, and we need not have the slightest dread about the number of exhibits ; even if the folks showing at Sydney ignore us, as it is Baid by telegram to-day, some of them mean to. The canvassing for appoint ments 011 the council of tho Social Science Con gress goes on vigorously, and it is astonishing what curious people covet this honour. Most of thoao who ask for votes are likely to secure but few. Mr Hugh M'Coll, the energetic secretary of tho North-Western Canal Company informed me this evening that the Minister of Lands had placed all the papers and correspondence con nected with the company in the hands of the Go vernment printer. The sittings of the Central Criminal Court were finished to-day. His Honour Mr Justice Stephen sentenced a boy named Clark, aged fourteen, to six months' imprisonment and three floggings of fifteen strokes each, with a boy's cat, for indecently assaulting a little girl of ton years of ago. Christina Virtue, found guilty of concealment of birth, with a recommendation to mercy, on the ground that the child was still born, was senteiiced to fourteen days' imprison ment. Mary Connoll, for abandoning her in fant, fourteen days' old, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, and O'Long, for stealing spirits, recoived six months' imprisonment. The following tenders were accepted to-day for erecting goods Bhed at Traralgon, W. E. Crofton, £447 5s 2d ; same at Warragul, YV. E. Crofton, £448 5s lOd. Both stations are on the Gipps- land lino. The annual general meeting of the Victoria Coursing Club was held this afternoon. The hon. W. J. Clarke, M.L.O., president, occupied the chair. The club began the season with £3 12s 5d to credit, and at present the amount to credit is £41 5s 5d. All the old committee-men were re-elected, and after the usual votes of thanks, the meeting, which was a very pleasant one, broke up. In the Equity Court to-day, His Honour Mr Justice Moles worth gave his final decree in the suit of YYTiite against the London Chartered Bank. The suit has been arranged, and his honour has made an order, directing all further . proceedings to be stayed upon the bank paying to the plaintiff the sum of £9334 15s 9d and £2165 14s 3d to Messrs Dalgety Blackwood and Co. Each party to pay their own costs. His Honor Judge Noel to-day granted a cer tificate of discharge to Mr R. M'Gregor, lately ono.of the members for Fitzroy. Commercial. — Breadstuff? are quiet. Flour is sold at £12 10s to £12 153 in parcels for country makes. Town brands £13 6s to £13 10s. YVheat is nominal at Cs 2d. Oats, 3s Id. Maize has been sold as high as 33 3d for prime sam ples. 