EPITOME. On and after Monday neat, a special edition of The Herald will be published eaoh evening at a tew minutes to six o'clock. The ordinary, edition . will be published, as ububI, at about four o'clock. The special edition will contain the news of the day upto half-past five o'olook. Those of our readers who wish to be supplied with this edition, should order it from their news-agents. We have received the Royal Fire Insurance Company's Diary for September. The lessee of the People's Theatre is demo- ' cratically consistent. He produces plays for the people. In Waiting for the Verdict, a poor man ia exhorted by a wealthier mortal to be come religious, and returned the .characteristic answer, ' Ah, sir, if the rich would have the poor believe in Heaven, let them show a little more mercy on earth," And the audience ap plauded loudly. Mr Burnett will address young men at Wes ley Church at seven, Sabbath evening; choir meet at six. We have received Messrs Fergussen and Mitchell's monthly diary for September. Dr J. P. Ryan announces, in our advertis ing columns, that ho is a candidate for election to the office of assistant-surgeon in conneotion with the Melbourne Hospital. At the Town Hall on Thursday the Mayor presented an addreas, richly illuminated, to Mr Alexander Taylor, hon. secretory of tho unem ployed relief fund, from the committee of the fund, conyeying to him their best thanks for his gratuitous services, nnd their appreciation of the ability, tact and time bestowed by him on the proceedings of the committee. Mr Taylor, in returning thanks to the Mayor for the very handsome address presented to him, expressed tne pleasure ne naa in iieing associated witn the other gentlemen of the committee in giving a helping hand to those who were in distress and need. He hoped the worst of that distress was now over. At the Emerald Hill Court|to- day one of the solicitors wsb addressing the bench on behalf of a client, when he observed that all the magistrates, with the exception of the chair man, were engaged in an animated discussion. The legal gentleman at once paused in his har- rangue, when Mr Foote said jocosely, "Oh, go on, I'm listening ; they're discussing the new Reform Bill," In the North of England they do not teach the young idea how to shoot young birds, but how to proteot their lives. The Newcastle Weekly Chronicle has founded a Dicky Bird Society lor children, and a West Cumberland Bird Protec tion Society has recently been started in con nection with it. The latter already numbers 501 members, boys and girls, who have each signed the following pledge : — "I promise to protect and be kind to all birds as far as 1 can; to feed birds in winter with spare crumbs instead of wuBtlng them ; not to molest or dis turb birds during their building season ; not to rob the neBts of their eggs or tear out the uestg; not to kill the young ones or otherwise injure them ; to try and induce others to take an in terest in these beautifuicreatures, and promote the object of, the society." The names of mem bers will be printed each week in the "Children's Corner" of the Newcastle Weekly Chronicle. As many as 2'2,G20 names have already been enrolled by the parent society of Newcastle. When the dector comeB out of the sickroom nnd says, "I'can give you no hope. He is thoroughly insensible, and therefore it is time to send for the parson," he is not speaking ir reverently. He takes the same view of the parson's utility as 'the wiseacres at Echuca did:of the doctor's yesterday. An unfortun ate man had his head severed from his body by Itbe wheel of, a steam-engine. They gathered lip the remains, and then sent for the 1QQ&1 sawbones, Dr Crosser, " but," says the telegraphic reporter _ of the .Age, "his services were not required." This is news. The Court of Probate in England ba3 been in trouble over the will of Dr Quinn, a very bright, intelligent physician and brilliant "diner-out," recently deceased, which has been disputed, from the insertion, after it was witnessed, of tho bequests to a noble lord and lady, on condition they did not marry. Among recent queer wills in England woe one of a celebrated Queen's counsel, "I leave every thing to my brother Tom ;" another was written in Bhorthand, another scrawled ou tho bed-post, and another was by a husband, who threatens his wife, if she does not carry out his will, that his ghost will haunt her, dis creetly adding, "if lean." The parson had exchanged pulpits with an e'oquent brother. " How did you like the sermon, Mrs Simplegood ?" said Dr Jones's young wife, ,al! excitement after her iu- tsllectunl treat. " Well, I tell you what it is, Mrs Joner," replied the old ladyjronfid mtially, " I s'pore you young folks like this soit o' preachin'. and its nat'ral yer .should, but I did miss the parson ter-day. I've got so used to him, yer know, that I alius know what lie's gain' to say when he opens his mouth. I've heard him so many year, yer know. But ter day, why, I couldn't tell what was coming five minutes ahead,." 