KENSINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. The annual sports in connection with the Kensington Football Club were held on the Kensington Oval on Saturday, October 25. The day was all that could be desired, and during the afternoon there was a large attendance of ladies and gentlemen. The annual sports are a feature restricted exclusively to the Kensing- ton Club, which although the oldest and once the best club in the colony, has during the past few years fallen somewhat from its first estate. On the whole Saturday's sports were a decided success, but greater things might have been expected in the "kicking matches" from members of a football club. This was undoubtedly the weak spot in the programme, for although several long kicks were made the ball was not driven straight once in ten times. The prize in this match fell to F. Stanton, who kicked the ball 47 yards. The drop-kick match was won by A. Smyth, who kicked 51 yards. As a rule the racing was good and the finishes close, indicating good handi- capping. The silver cup for the 100 yards maiden fell to W. G. Clarke, who was closely pressed by E. Nason, second man. The 100 yards flat handicap was a surprise to the knowing ones, as it was won by F. Townsend with a handicap of nine yards. S. H. Bleechmore, with a handicap of four yards, came in about six inches behind the winner, and ob- tained the second prize. The 150 yards flat handicap brought a large field to the start, and the closeness of the finish may be gathered from the fact that the three judges, placed the three first men in different orders. Ultimately it was decided to give F. Townsend, with a handi- cap of twelve yards, first place; C. W. Mudie, scratch, the second; and S. H. Bleechmore, with a start of five yards, the third. As might be expected, there was a great deal of dissatisfaction expressed over the judges' awards, and the result would have given greater satisfaction if the race, had been run over again. The 440 yards flat handicap was won by C. W. Mudie. with 10 yards' start, the second and third places being respectively obtained by W. Dunstan, 5 yards' start, and W. Carr, 18 yards' start. The pole-jumping match was very good, and was won by. H. J. Meyer, who cleared 9 feet 1 inch, the next highest leap being that of C. L. Wright, 8 feet 9 inches, with a handicap of 5 inches.. Meyer was also successful in the 120 yards' hurdles, maiden, for which a large field started. A handicap for the same distance was won by W. Dunstan, who started from scratch. The 200 yards' steeple- chase handicap, over 12 hurdles, was won by Dunstan. Notwithstanding a heavy fall at the third hurdle, Meyer, obtained second place, which would doubtless have been improved if the course had been a little longer. H. A. Chapman, who was leading a couple of yards, fell at the last hurdle, and could not recover himself soon enough to get a place. A. Frew obtained the prize for throwing the hammer. The distance recorded was 62 feet 7 inches. The following is .the list of the events and the placed competitors:— 100 Yards Maiden. — Silver cup, W. 6. Clarke, E. Nason.and S. Dyke. Sixteen entries. Time, 10| sees. 120 Yards Hurdles, Maiden.—Silver cup, H. J. Meyer, G. H. Dean, J. D. Miller. Sixteen entries. Time, 18 sees. Pole Leaping.—Silver flower vase, H. J. Meyer, scratch, 9 feet 1 inch; 0. L. Wright,5 inches handicap ; H. A. Chapman, 5 inches han dicap. Ten entries. 100 Yards Flat, Handicap.—Silver watch, F. Townsend, 9 yardB; Icepail, S. H. Bleechmore, 4 yards; H. A. Chapman, 3 yards. Twenty nine, entries., Time, 10| sees. Throwingthe Hammer (16 lbs.).—Opera-glass, A. Trew, 62 feet 7, inches; P. Wood, F. Water house. Eight entries. 150 Yards Flat Eace, Handicap.—Claret jug, F. Townsend, 12 yards; biscuit caddy,'W. Hiidiej scratch; card tray, S. H. Bleechmore,'5 yards. Twenty-live entries. Time, 15| sees; Drop-kick.—Gold locket F. Stanton, 47 yards; T. A. Caterer. • 120 Yards Eace Hurdles, Handicap.—Coffee service, W. Dunatone, scratch; sleeve links, E. Gwynne, 4 yards; H. A. Chapman, scratch. Twenty-two entries. Time, 16 sees. 200 Yards Eace Flat Handicap, open to Mem bers of Associated Clubs.—Cruet frame, F. Spiller; H. A. Beetson, T. Hubble. Seven entries. Time, 17 it sees. 200 Yards Steeplechase (12 hurdles), Handi cap.—Silver cup, W. Dunstau; preserve stand, H. J. Meyer, 7 yards; gold locket, E. Bagot-, 10 yards. Fifteen entries. Time, 29 sees. High Jump.—Gold scarfpin, E. L. Herbert, 5 feet; G. H. Dean, 4 feet 11 inohea; E. Bagot. Thirteen entries. 150 Yards Hurdles, Handicap.—Fish carver, E. Gwynne, 5 yards; gold studs, H J. Meyer, 3 yards ; penoilcase, W. Dunstau, scratch. Twenty-one entries. Time, 21 sees. Drep-kiek, Open to Members of Associated Clubs.—Gold studs, A. Smyth, 51 yards, Nor wood; A. Yarley, Adelaide; Herbert, Ken sington. 440 y ards Flat Handicap.—Silver inkstand, C. W. Mudie, 10 yards; egg stand, W. Dnn stan, 5 yards; gold links, W. Carr, 10 yards. Twenty-two entries. The prizes were subsequently distributed by Mrs. E. T. Smith.to the successful competitors. Messrs. W. Dean and E. H. Hallack fulfilled the position of judges; starter, Mr. A. T. Har rison. » On Sunday morning and evening, October 26, the Rev. J. Austin, a deputation from the Fiji islands, conducted services in the Draper Memorial and Pirie- street We3leyan Churches in connection with the Wesleyau Foreign Missionary Society. In the evening the rev. gentleman took for his text the words " But ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto Me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea,and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth" (Actis i., 8), and showed that Christ's last Words were applicable to the Christian Church at all times, and the duty was ever incumbent upon its members to labor for the extension of Christ's kingdom. The latter part of the dis course was calculated to show in what particular ways the Holy Ghost affected men in their religious life. Collections at both services were made on behalf of the Missionary Society. Mr. Austin has an effective mode of expressing himself, which derives additional force from the wealth of illustration he employs, and his delivery is also, easy and unaffected. A public meeting will be held in the hall on Wednesday evening. A subject of a good deal of importance, that deserves more consideration than it has yet received, was discussed the other day (the Australasian remarks) in the South Australian Assembly. This was the question whether it is advisable for a colony going into the English money market to borrow money to consent to give) a pledge that it would not come for another loan within a given period. The pre cedents, as was pointed cat in the debate, tells both ways. Some of the colonists have, in times of difficulty, given these pledges. Mr. Berry, for instance, when in London in the early part of the present year, gave such a pledge, and would indeed, at that moment, have given any pledge of any kind whatever. Oh the other hand, New South Wales came shortly afterwards, and with out any such pledge got the money she wanted at a much better price. Viewing the matter in the light of general principles,, it is to be.remembered that sometimes, as the South Australian Treasurer, Mr. Mann, said, the only choice is between giving a pledge and consenting to a depreciation of price. At the same time the pledge is a humiliation and a restriction, and is, indeed, a recognition of de preciation of ocedifc—a depreciation the effect of which is only avoided by putting a rigid limit to the issues. It is only in certain cases tbat such pledges are demanded, and it is im portant to ask what those cases are. So far as we can see, a pledge is not likely to be de manded unless where a colony has been borro w ing too largely or where its Government is in very reckless bands, and it is believed that the borrowing power is likely to he abused. In other words, the demand of the pledge is to be regarded as the outcome of bad management at home. "When a colony has to choose between accepting a lower price for its securities or pledging its promise to offer no more for sale during a certain time, it is well for it to re consider its position and see what are the causesatwork by which its credit has become debased and it has been made subject to such a humiliation. The following are the results of the late pupil teachers' examinations: — Fourth class pupil teachers passed class I. in order of merit Frances Fairweather, Grote-street Model School; Margaret Espie, Grote-street Model School; Edith A. Bowen, Norwood Model School; Wil- liam Hosking, Grote-street Model School (the two last are equal). Passed class II. in alpha- betical order—Alice Ford, Gepp's Gross School; Frances Lewin, City Model; Anna F. Loutit, Grote-street Model School; Harriet A. Millard, Lefevre's Peninsula School; Thomas J. Price, Grote-street Model School; John J. Stephens, Franklin-street School, Third class pupil teachers passed class I. in order of merit—Annie Snell, Burra School; George J. Newman, Grote- street Model School; Alfred Williams, Moonta Mines; Edith Jones, Riverton; Alfred C. Wilson, North Adelaide Model School (equal); Marion E. Duce, North Adelaide Model School; Mary J. Goldsworthy, Moonta Mines (equal), Third class pupil teachers passed class II. in alphabetical order — Charles Charlton, Port Adelaide; Fanny E. Cox, Laura; Agnes E. Lealheart, Hindmarsh; Edward W. Rad- ford, Uraidla; Eliza J. Skinner, Thebarton; Sarah A. Tupper. Second year pupil teachers passed first class in order of merit—Annie C. Bennett, Norwood Model School; James S. Gold, Port Augusta (equal); Jane Anderson, Grote-street Model School. Passed second class, in alphabetical order—Lucy J. Clark, Clare; Thomas S. Davie, Kapunda School; William Donnell, Hindmarsh School; Susan Donnithorne, Strathalbyn (Mr. Bonnar's); Amy Elson, Port Lincoln; William Halls, Moonta Mines School; Thomas Hancock, North Adelaide Model; Mary A. Holt, Moonta; Eva Langsford, Norwood Model; Ellen J. Nicholls, Port Adelaide Model; Johanna Ohlmeyer Tanunda; Elizabeth Whenan, Moonta Mines; J. T. F. Johnston, Houghton. First year pupil teachers passed first class in order of merit—William Innes, Salisbury; John Jones, Kadina; Annie E. Pal- fridge, City Model (equal); Andrew Ferguson, Wallaroo Mines; Sylvia Dalwood, City Model; Thomas J. Moore, City Model; Louisa Symons, Burra; Lucy W. Langsford, City Model; Martha CharlesWorth, Hindmarsh. First year pupil-teachers passed second class in alphabetical order — Thomas Bails, Port Adelaide; Mary J. Bearcroft, Port Lincoln; Ernest M. Brokate, Grote-street Model; Mar- garet H. Davideon, Norwood Modal; Isabel Graham, Strathalbyn; Emma M. Hill, City Model; Anna K. John, Lefevre's Peninsula; Elizabeth A. Hasten, North Adelaide Model; Duncan McArthur, Mount Gambier; Henry P. Mueller, Tannnda; Alice G. Pappin, Williams- town; George Pennyfield, Gumeracha; William B. Propsting, Burra; Mary W. Rodda, Moonta; Bertie S. Roach, Moonta; John Tucker, Moonta Mines; Emily Welbourn, Mitcham. Candidates for appointment as pupil teachers)! passed first class in order of merit—Edith G. Keen, Moonta; Annie M. Anson, Wallaroo Bay School; James T. Furner, Norwood Model; Nellie W. Oelmann, Grote-street Model and Public Sohool; Annie C. Hunter, Penola; Pauline Schache, Greenock; Lucy R. Powell, Norwood Model; Hilda Jones, Grote-street, Eliza Smith, Hindmarsh (equal); Reginald C. Kelly, Clare; Jane McLean, Lefevre's Peninsula; Ida Williamson, North Adelaide Model; the last three are equal. Passed second class in alphabetical order—Ada S. Bennetts, Norwood Model; Isabella Brooks, Mount Barker; Bertha C. Bors, Compton Downs ; Emma Coates, Moonta Mines; Alice Eckers, Grote-street Model; Amelia Field, Mount Gam- bier; Alfred D. Glastonbury, Clarendon; Theo- dore J. Hipwell, Norwood Model; Annie A. Hotson, Grote-street Model; Edith Jones, Le- fevre's Peninsula; Frederick N. Leak, Glad- stone ; Jane Lindsay, Lefevre's Peninsula; AletheaA. Slander, Norwood Model; Jnlia A, C Tanunda; Flora F. Nason, Norwood Model; Robert J. Neale, Kapunda; Alfred H. Nootna- gel, Grote-street Model; Edward J. Oates, Moonta Mines; Albert G. Purches, Port Ade- laide Model; Alfred H. Raymond, Port; Ade- laide Model; Catherine Rowe, North Adelaide Model; Walter S. Sinnett, Norwood Model; Elizabeth Tinks, Milang; Edgar G. Watts, Nor- wood Model; Alice E. Wright, Teatree Gully; Isabel Wright, Kapunda. McKay, the champion long-distance walker of Scotland, lately armed in this colony from Europe, and intends, we understand, shortly to give an exhibition of his skill in Ade laide. His business arrangements have been ^placed in the hands of Mr. Whittington, the well-known resident dramatic agent. At a meeting of the committee of the . S.A.J. Club, held on Saturday, October 25, Mr. H. Hughes was appointed handicapper for the first year. It was also resolved that the Two year-old Handicap on May 8, ,1880, should be run prior to the S.A. J.C. Handicap, that mem bers subscribing £3-3s.'td the club should have the right of introducing one lady, and that the Railway Stakes should be for two-year-olds and upwards, instead of three-year-olds aud up wards. Mr. Law Larsen, who announces him self as a professor and teacher of magio, gave an entertainment at White's Assembly Room -on Saturday evening to two dozen persons, a third of the audience being juveniles. Mr. Larsen may be a well-meaning man, but his forte is not magic; and as all his trieks are " as ■' old as the hills," we would recommend him to .adopt a more suitable and lucrative line of business. He may have entertained the few who attended his performance on Saturday evening, but it was rather by ths simplicity than the excellence or novelty of his tricks. With respect to the magic-lantern entertain ment which followed the " miraculous illusions," we have seen many better exhibitions in country schoolrooms. On Saturday evening, October 2-5, a meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Bowing Olub was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel. There was a good attendance. Three new. members were elected. The object of the meeting was to pick crews, for scratch fours to row for medals presented by the officers of the olub. The race will take place at 3 p.m. on Saturday, November 1; course,from Snowdon's Beach to the boatshed. Pour crews having; entered the race will be rowed in heats, the deciding heat to be rowed off by the winners of the two first , heats. The following are the names of the crewsNo. 1, W. £. Cooke, C. Douglas, W. Whitelaw, B. W. Wigg; No. 2, J. G. Shaw, T. James, J. S. Skiers, T. Johnson; No. 3, T. Linklatef, — Davids sn, P. Johnson,F. M. Whitney; No. 4, P. T. Carter,L. G. Braithwaite, B. Giffen, V. C. Driffield. The concert given at Messrs. Marshall and Sons' Musicroom, on Saturday afternoon, October 25, by the Adelaide Amateur Orchestral Sooiety, was a genuine treat to all lovers of classical musio. The society, which to a great extent owes its origin and certainly the effi ciency of its members to the director (Mr. John Hall), was assisted on the occasion by several members of the orchestra; now engaged at the Theatre Boyal. They were thus enabled to give the choice morceaux on the programme with better effect than probably would have been possible had they been left to their own unaided efforts. The concert : opened with the - quaint, lively overture to Bouldieu's now forgotten opera, " The Caliph of Bagdad," which was rendered with admirable precision by the. full orchestra. Beethoven's Quartette No. 1, which succeeded, was given in a style that elicited the most marked approval, the scherzo and trio being particularly admired. To this succeeded what was undoubtedly as regards execution the gem of the programme, namely, Schubert's Sonata No. 3, for violin and piano, which was played in masterly style by Mr. John Hall and Mr. Pybus. The well-known " Surprise". symphony ol Hadyn, Beethoven's Quartette No. 4, and the overture from " Le Nozze di Figaro, which formed the second part of the programme, were also effectively rendered. The members of the Ade laide Orchestral Society are to be congratulated on themarket success which attended their first concert. The society if it prospers, which we trust it may, will fill an undoubted want in Adelaide, where good performances, of classical chamber music have hitherto been almost un known. We were glad to observe that on Satur day the audience, although not large, was repre sentative and appreciative, and we hope that the members of the society will be sufficiently encouraged bjr the reception they received to give another similar concert very shortly. , On Saturday' evening the. American Minstrels were very successful in hitting the taste of the public. The Academy was well patronised in every part, and the programme, which was the best that has'yet been given by the company, passed off without a hitch, the audience showing their appreciation by fre quent applause. The overture" to "La Peri chole" by the company commenced the per formances, and was followed by a ballad," Eily," which was snng in a very.masterly manner by J. Matlock. J. Morton was imperatively en cored for his clever rendering of the comic,song " Tapioca." W. Gowan then gave '• Silver moonlight," a ballad which was well appre ciated by the audience-, and J. Mills was loudly encored for his comic song " By-and-bye." " Send me a kiss," by J. Matlock, gave place to a very amusiDg "Finale" by tfie company, whioh closed the first part off the pro gramme. In the second part'W. Gowan gave the ballad " Gome into the garden Maud." Lewis, Morton, and Mills next created un bounded merriment with their amusing farce, "Jones struck a Bonanza," Matlock following with a ballad, "Always be a friend," after which Mills was loudly applauded for his song and dance, " Before the bells begin to ring." The "Larboard watch," by Matlock and Gowan, was loudly encored, as were also Morton and Moody for their double song and dance, "This foot I can't keep still." Lewis gave a character song, " Out in the cold," aad W. Gowan another billad; and " Ben Johnson's courtship," a sketch in which five of the company took part, and which the audience appeared to thoroughly enjoy, closed the entertainment. A drawing-room suite and other articles were then presented. This evening a special -prize is to be given for the best conundrum on " The American Min strels," and to-morrow evening a silver cup will be given to the best amateur dancer. We under stand that in addition to the usual drawing room suites a piano, a harmonium, with a sewing machine will be given away during this week. The tenth of the series, of' popular conceits given under the auspicees of His Worship the Mayor and the Oity Council in the -Town Hall took place on Saturday, evening, October 25. We regret to say that there was an attendance utterly disproportionate in re spect ot numbers to the merits of the enter tainment, but although there were but com paratively few. present, the concert was thoroughly enjoyed by all who attended. The programme was of a most varied aud attractive character, and the various numbers were rendered in such a style as to secure for the .porformerscohtinuedand well-deserved plaudits. Three organ solos were played by Mr. Pybus in a most effective manner, his rendering of a beautiful fantasia'of airs from "Maritana," arranged by himself, being particularly admired. Mr. Wilkins was very successful with bis cornet solos, both of which were well selected-to show the command which he has over the resources of the instrument he played. His performance of a piece of. his own composition, the " Sea breeze polka," was a most creditable piece of instrumentation. Messrs. Newman, Narroway, Nash, and Ohristen sang together in several quartettes, in whioh their voices blended with most., pleasing effect, and., they were rewarded by well-merited applause on each occasion. - The descriptive song, " The; raft," was given by Mr. Nash, with an organ, obligato, in fine style; and the same gentleman • contributed " The desert," a descriptive scena. with a bell accompaniment, whioh was equally well appreciated. Two tenor solos were sung by Mr. Narroway, both in a creditable manner. Miss Lilian Kelly and Miss Playford sang a duet, "The shower of pearls," and each lady sang two solos. The former was heard to the best advantage in the pretty song, " The nightingale's trill," which she sang with mnoh taste, and the gentleman who played, the flute obligato also deserves praise for the artistic manner in which he performed his part. Both Miss Play ford's solos, and particularly her sing ing of Lazarillo's aria in ".Maritana," "Alas, those chimes," with organ obligato, were suc cessful efforts, and were, loudly applauded, The performance, which wag carried out in a manner most creditable to the Musical Director, Mr. George Oughton, terminated with a comic song by Mr. Schmidt," The Heathen Chinee," 