The Advertiser SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1879. SOME time since an article appeared in these columns on the utilization of fat stock, special reference being made therein to a report of a meeting which had bean held in .London composed of aquattera resident in the world's metropolis, and other persons interested in Australia, at which some samples of " Fitzroy luncheon beef," prepared at the Fitzroy Heat Preserving W?iks in Queensland, were tested, aad pronounced, to be of excellent quality. They were preserved according to & method invented and patented by a Mr. Whitehead, by which meats can be tinned and sent to England, or as the inventor asserts, kept for any length of time with out suffering any deterioration in their quality. When the report of the" meet ing to which we have referred reached Queensland, the Brisbane Courier ex pressed its doubt as to the meat which had made so favorable an im pression on the gentlemen who tasted it in England having been preserved at the Fitzroy Meat Preserving Works at Bock hampton, and asked, if such an excellent article could be produced there, why the works should remain unused. It is not to be wondered at that this view of the case should have been taken; for if on article could be turned out from the works of such ? character as not only to commend itself to those best able to form an opinion on its quality/but to induce them to pas? a reso lution urging the -colonists to take action with a'view to ensuring the adoption of Mr. Whitehead's patent in the colonies, and pro mising their support, it certainly doe 3 appear strange, having regard to the re peated statements made in Queensland | about surplus stock, that the Fitzroy works should be allowed to lie idle. The publication of the article in the Courier brought to the front the Manager of the Fitzroy Works, Mr. Bertram, who emphatically denied that there was any ground for the assertions as to the meat not having been preserved at the Bockhamp ton establishment, and stated in addition as a reason why the works were not now in operation that the Company had learned by experience that in the absence of guarantees from stockowners with reference to a supply of cattle it would be unwise to recommence operations," as directly it was known that Whitehead & Co. were again in full swing the price of stock would be raised, and the Company, with a large staff of workmen would be practically at the mercy of the stockowner." The members o the press and a number of other gentlemen were invited to taste the meat, and to judge for themselves as to its quality, and the praise they bestow upon it is even greater than that which the London experts gave it. They say:—"The meat was corned beef, not compressed, but cured in one piece, and the several joints turned out of the tins in as solid a form and pos sessed the same solidity as though supplied by the family butcher. Nothing could have, been more palatable than these different joints—firm yet tender, the fat perfectly hard, and just the right amount of salt to pleaee the taste. Our ideas of preserved meats have undergone a positive revolution since the luncheon; cur former trials, which include some of Messrs. Whitehead'd— under some other process, we presume— having induced the conviction, which' turns out to be a fallacy, that no one would eat preserved meat if they could get the genuine article from the butcher. It was, however, the unani mous opinion that no meat could have been placed before us that would have been preferable to the delicious pieces turned out of the Fitzroy tins. The possibility of producing such an article having been de monstrated, we can. want no freezing pro cess, and are not long likely to be without a market." This should be sufficient to satisfy any one as to the excellence of the meat preserved by Whitehead's process; but if the meat cannot be produced without a guarantee for a supply of cattle be first obtained from stockowners, and if that guarantee cannot be procured, what be comes of the statement that we want no freezing process? Here is a process by which meat can be preserved as it has never been preserved before, and by which stockownere could get rid of their surplus stock at a fair price, and yet the industry • is allowed to lie idle. And why is this ? it, as tWOampaay wm «S&£i2i*fc under a. prdmise'STJan anninlsfbsldy «c \--tondbj g ;orer The? £# JWr the subsidy wss'paid in jftfl, the ,s<«ood year there was a falling off, Jud&pJjfcia;^L year, "-with a few honorable exospftonaf' the eobscrintions bod to "be jnot&a; <d^ There were-oiber reasons to the stoppage, however./ Either through cattie^cpmhig scarcer, or from a knowledge that *hs Goitt pany was dependent uponthem fortfe'sap plies of cattle^the etockqwners.ra^<fi& price of their stock to each an extent that although aged fat cattle ccnld be procured in 1875 for £4 life, per head, in 2677 £8 10s. was asked for three-year-old steers. These matters, combined withan advance in the cost of akilled labor, the general meceao tOe distress in Europe, «ndlsig«x r impaaS. tions of cheaper meat from America, caused* collapse in the trade, and this Company'as well as several others had to tmfrmlL operations. ' ~'\ The Company, with every desire 'to re commence the work, baa been unable to do so, through inability to procure jgqrgjttppjj for a supply of stock. Iflie manager, says:— " In January last I sent ontcir cnlars offering to buy £,000 head of cattle at 12s. per 100 lbs, and 100,000 wethers at Bfc., on three months' bills, which offer was not responded to. Without sochguanntea prices would have hardened as seen as it became known that we had engaged a staff of workmen." Then larcolais sot havng produced tavotable re plies the Directors determined to defer recommencing for another season, to giva the squatters time to reconader this matter. This indifference on the part of the. cattle and sheep breeders would indicate that there is not that amount of surplus stock in Qo?sasfaad which is generally supposed. Were j?ufca such an abundance of extn. stock in : fitat colony as has been repeatedly rtfttei graziers would be sufficiently alive to their own interest to avail themselves of such a chance as this to work off their over supplies. The meat-preserving process has not so far been very successful in these colonies, and few have season to rejoice Oat they have been at any timejcomiected -with it as a financial speculation, but this has been to some extent dne to the ™fa"«r quality of the article produced. Those who have embarked in the industry in, this colony have not been rewarded by profitable re- Bulte, and wDI sot be anxious to do so again under the old system; but a time will coma when the business of meat-preserving w2l again be in operation here. There is no reason for engaging in it just oowj we have not such a superabundance of cattle and sheep as to require it; and even if we had they are not just at the present lama in such a con dition as to be fit for preservation and to be exported as first-class -meat; Btot when the time does come it will be well to near in mind the Queensland process ihat has been discovered and successfully'worked) by which an article of very superior quality can he placed on the market. Meat, such as that which has been produced at the Fitzroy works, .would be sure to push its way into favor in the home markets, anda means would this be opened up for getting rid of surplus stock on terms which would not only be advantagMus to the breeder but to the pnrchaser^aare as well as to thousands of people in the old country. Aefmss in South Africa seem to have taken a decided turn. Instead, of having to record crashing defeats t>l our men we sow have to .report an'unopposed advance and a brilliant victory; and it is not too much to aiy that there are gomL grounds for believing that our troubles in Zulnland are nearly at anend. liisa melancholy satis faction to know that wherever 'our heave fellows have been defeated it has been when they have been opposed by fearful odds; such odds in fact that did we not know by past experience the spirit which animates the British army it would ap pear wonderful how such a few could attempt resistance against each overwhelm ing numbers. And now, in the Ulundi action, where our men have defeated the enemy, the opposing force was as four to one. But this fact had no depressing influence on our troops. There were the deaths of several noble fellows to be avenged, and although the Zulus fought with grer t bravery, making repeated attacks on the square which had been formed, they were eventually jfoxced to retreat, when tho cavalry pursued and utterly routed them. Of the 20,000 Zulus who were engaged ia this action 1,000 bit the dost, while the lose on the British side was according to the highest estimate 10 killed and 53 wounded. Ulundi was afterwafue entered and destroyed, together with several of the enemy's male. Our forces were under the command of Lord Chelmsford, and Cety wayo commanded the Zulus. According to the latest telegrams Sir Garnet Wblseley was engaged in negotiating for peace, and the war was considered to be virtually at an end. To-day being the last day of term the Supreme Court wffl Bit in Baaoo at the usual tune. The steamer Penola, which arrived at MacDoaneU Say on Friday.reported thatatlX o'clock that mawiing die had seen a topsail schooner on the Carpenter Bocks, near Gape Banks. The vessel bad hex sub flying taoae, and was bumping heavily. As soon as pnsajMo after bearing of the disaster the Harbor-Master at MacDonnell Bay and a "crew proceeded to the scene of disasterinthe lifeboat, taking -with them the rocket apparatus. During the week five law students went np for examination, aod of this number only two passed, viz., Messrs. H. L. Whittell and B. D.Berasford. At the meeting of the Hospital Board of Management on Friday the Secretary stated that in addition to other contributions a dona tion of £20 had been received from Mr. W. Clark, of Augaston^aad of £10 from the Geelong football players. " ■ ""• At a recent examination of competitors for one of the exhSstkras of £30 per annum offered to boys attending public schools air competitors presented themselves, of -whom J. F. MeUar m the successful candidate* MeUor but been educated at the Fort Adelaide and Grate-street Schools. ! The Sydney Evening Netos mentions that " Mr. B. A. Proctor, F.8J3., the distinguished English astronomer aad popular lecturer oa s*« ; tronomy, intends paying a visit to New Sooth Wales shortly, and that he will probably be in Sydney daring the period of the Infaarplt^niM Exhibition." At the monthly Committee meeting of the Royal Agricultural sad HorUcoltuiaf So ciety, held on Friday, some voluminous corres pondence was received on red nut. The Com mittee resolved to discuss the subject at it? next meeting. Tee Judges far the various departments of the September Show were ap- • pointed. The Gmder Standard of July 25 says: —" Dnring the past ■week a man. while plongh ing in one or Mr. Kagless'a sections at Kscgtroo Flat,- tnrsed up some human bones. They *et? brought into Gawlcr, cal submitted to the •xtminatjoa of Dr. Dawes, who pronounced than fc>.ba those of ao aboriginal. Taey were Ihfjufimi taken back and. reboried." A number of very beautiful and strange denisens of the deep were on view at Moseley's Oyster rooms on Friday, the specimens includ- ing the very rare butterfly fish, the golden schnapper, the gurnet, and the rock cod, all of variegated colors, that attracted a great deal of attention from passers by, and were of great interest to nataralists. . A f oar-roomed cottage at Glanville was totally destroyed by fire on Friday evening. It appears that the occupants went out, leaving toe plao* in a state of fancied security, bat shortly, afterwards the flames had full charge, and the boose was burnt to the ground. There was no-water available, and it was only by ex traordinary efforts that some of the tenements is the vicinity were saved. Pnncft has shown its smartness again this week. Tbe seventeenth anniversary of the cross ing of the Australian continent fell on Friday, vhe 25th, and in this day's issue of Punch is a Ikenesa of the great explorer, John McDoua.ll Stuart, the man by whom that treat feat was ully accomplished. The motto beneath irom "Julius Oasar" is apt, for " An exploit worthy die name" this wonderful journey from shore to shore certainly was. The following teachers passed in various classes at the June examination for certifi cates:—Class IL A—Fredk. SneU, Richard Llewellyn, and Arthur Gunning, Training Ool ?ege;*Mary Christie, Lcfevre's Peninsula. Class 11\. B—Thomas Cowling, Training College. tEbese candidates have to pass a further exami nation in the principles of teaching before re wring their certificate*. Class IIL A—Thomas Bodgers, Training College. Class IIL B— Samuel B. Boberts, Training College; 'William L Kea!e, Kapunda, pasted in Roman history. t On Friday evening the annual dinner of the Old Scholars Association in connection with the St. Peter's Collegiate Institution was held at the Town Hall Befreahment-Boom. There were about TO gentlemen present. The chair waa oceopiad by the Treasurer (Hon. Chas. Mann, Q.O, M.P.), and the Tiee-chtir by Mr. J. W. Downer. Q.O, M.P. During the evening a presentation on behalf of the Associa tion was made to the late Head-Master, the Bey. Canon Fair, ICA. It eoosuted of a hand some gold casket valued at £30, and contained 4135\. The presentation was made by Mr. Downer, aad was feelingly acknowledged by the Bey. Mr. Fair. The.foUowing is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Tele graph line:—Bel tana, S., light, cloudy; Farina, S.W, fresh, dear, fine, cool; StrangwaysSprings, S*-, fresh, clear, fine cool; Peake, a, light, dear, fine, pleasant; Charlotte Water* and Alice Bprmgs. S, nght, dear, fine; Barrow Creek, S.E. light, dear, fine, cool; Tennant> Creek, S.E., ■moderate, dear, fine, cool; Powell Creek, S.&, nwdrratr, fresh, few clouds, fine, cool; Daly Waters, S.K, light, doudy.fine, cool; Catherine, -calm, cloudy, dull; Pine Creek, 8.8-, fresh, doody, dull; Yam Creek, BJS., light, cloudy, dull; Soutnport, &8., sultry; Fort Darwin, S. X, light, dear, fine, cool. The Directors of the Adelaide ani TBTfa*«nt Tramway Company, with their late Manager, Mr. Mango urge, on Wednesday paid a visit of inspection to the Port Adelaide Tram way Company's works, with the view of testing the Merryweather motor, to see if it was adapted -for use on the Mitchatn line. They were met by Mr D. Bower, ILP, who kindly invited them to inspect ail the plant and ap pliance* of the Company, and the capabilites ■of tbe motor were fully tested, and proved to be so satisfactory that by tbe substitution ■of coke for coal the Directors of the Mitcham Hue believe that the motor will serva their par pore in every way. At tbe close of the iaspeo tion tbe visitors were entertained, and toasts were given and responded to, in tre coarse of which tbe Mayor of Port Adelaide, Mr. Hack, ■expressed the hope that Tramway Companies would be liberally treated by Corporations and other bediea, as tramways were of immense benefit to the public at large. The rainfall between 9 a.tn. on Thurs day aad the same hour on Friday is regis tered aa follows ■ — The City Coroner held an inquest at the Vatala Labor Prison on Friday morning, Jaly 25, on tbe body of Walter Stewart, a prisenw, who died on the previous day from the effect of aa aeodent which took place on tbe Bth of Jolf bat. Zhedeoaared was a prisoner undergoing a «entenee of impruooment for three yean for Margery, he having been convicted on. the llth •of June, 1878. On the day warn the accident took place he was in tbe gasometer taking down some scaffolding. Bs partly fell off a ladder, «nd rafiereda violent wreaeh. He was after wards removed to the prison iu?rtnary, where ha died on Thursday. The medical eridence dewed that the breastbone of deceased was fractured, and the fourth rib on each side was separated from the breastbone. Tbe sac of the heart was very much distended with fluid, and *he iaeide of the sac was coated with a thick layer of inflammatory lymph. The cause of -death was inflammation of the pericardium «anaed by direct injury probably received by de ceased striking his «h?*t against the ladlar when swinging around it after partly falling. A verdict fa ecoordanoe with the medical evi-. ilenee was namriicil. An enquiry into the circumstances which attended the dreadful tragedy at Goodwood Park on Thursday afternoon was conducted by the City Coroner at the Goodwood Park Hotel on Friday afternoon. The facts elicited were substantially the same as those which have already been given in our columns. It appears that Emma Wildy and Charles Harvey had been engaged some months ago, but a few weeks since the engagement was broken off, greatly to the dissatisfaction of the young man. Harvey seems to have had a hasty temper, but was passionately fond of the deceased girl. Both of them after the breaking-off of the engagement appeared to be on better terms. A short time ago an anonymous letter defaming Harvey's character was left in the passage of Mrs. Weller's house, where the young people were living. Harvey supposing that this was written by Emma Wildy at the dictation of Mrs. Weller's nephew, a man named Tabor, charged her with it, This she denied, and said she had no knowledge of the letter. Harvey apparently was not satisfied with the answer and brooded over it. After his death a writing, in blacklead, was found in his waistcoat pocket, charging Tabor with having written the letter, and putting the blame of the murder on him. The Jury returned a verdict that Emma Wildy was deliberately murdered by Harvey with malice aforethought, and that he committed suicide. * The usual fortnightly meeting of the Board of Management of the Young Hen's Christian Association was held on Thursday afternoon, July 24, in the temporary rooms, Salisbury Chambers. Mr. B. Searle, tbe Presi dent, was in the chair. There were also present the Bey. O. Copland, TV. E. Fletcher, S. Mead, the Hon. J. Oolton, Means. J. F. Conigrave,A. B. tfoncrieff, Thoa. Philipson, A- Poaaroy, A. 'Walker, and the Secretary. It wu reported that the neoessary preliminary steps had been taken to incorporate the association. It was _resolted that the opening ot tike new premises should- be commemorated by a series of suit able meetings, and a special Committee was •ppoiotod to make the necessary arrangements. Suggestions as to the most economical and satisfactory way of supplying refreshments to gentleuen nring tbe rooms were eousilered, aad three gentlemen were asked to confer on the subject and report to a special meeting of the Board. The Frerident read a draft of a letter he had been asked to prepare, intended to he addressed to gentlemen living in country districts who were likely to be iaterestei in toe work of the Association. The Secretary was in structed to write to a gentleman who it known to take a great interest in gymnastics, and ask his counsel and help in the arrangements aad fittiegs far the gymnasium. Tbe names of ten secUemen were proposed and accepted as mem ben. The thanks of the Board were passed to Mr. Chevalier Hanfcin for a handsome gift to tte library. On Monday morning-, July 21, the Hon. T. King, Minister of Education, paid a visit t > the Gawler schools. "It was," says tbe Standard x** father an unexpected one, Although it ba Minister mi accompanied by the Mayor o Gawler (H. B. Bright, Jan.) and Mr. T. O Jones. J.P., and the party etayed there for aboufrtwo hoars and a half. The children were *?*Pe?^*^" >d f* 16** satisfaction wu expressed, wH>w.iM urtei eat being taken in the iufaat de partment. The children sane "oma of their school songs very nicely.and at theconoluaion of the proceedings * hatt- holidar waa granted to them. The number on the roll is as follows — Boy?, 204; girla, 148; infants, 81; total 483\. There were present on the day of the visit 160 boys, 111 girls, and 70 infants, being a total, ofSIL The following theeutry made in the inspection-book by the Minister of Education ~ * I visited Mr. Barton's school at Gawler to-day. The attendance was not so large as I expected, or the Urge and convenient school deserved. I was much pleased with the cleanly appearance of the children, and their ability aud intelli gence generally. If the attendance of the children was more regular, the teachers, who are painstaking and indastrioos in the work, : wouUprodnoe even better results than they hive done. - The general appearance of the school, even to the most casual visitor, could not fail to give aatitfaction. Parent* would be gratiSed if they visited the school of toner, not forgetting a very interesting portion of it—the infant class.'* An important improvement has just been effected m.j, Glenelg by the lighting of tbe Jetty road with gas. Vbe lamps, of which there are tight, are of the ordinary kind, and are placed within easy distance of each other, the light given being very brilliant. On Friday evening laet, at about 6 p.m., the lamp* were lighted far the first time, and caused considerable interest to a crowd of persons which cftliected uear the Pier Hotel to witness the unusual sight. The present mode of illuminating the city was made the subject «f frequent joke, and was contrasted most unfavorably with that of Gleuelg. At the invitation of His Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. F. Stock, J.P.) a Dumber of the leading citizens proceeded to the Pier Hotel to celebrate the event. The Mayor proposed the toast ** Success to Gienelg," which was drunk with great enthusiasm. Cr. Lee then proposed " The Oontribntor?." He stated that the Adelaide and Glenelg Bailway Com pany bad subscribed £50, and that Mr. J. B. Champion had collected £40. He hoped its citizens would make Glenelg in reality what it was in name—"the premier watering-place of tbe colony." He suggested chat a Committee shonld be appointed to engage a band to play at certain periods during the summer season on the seawall, to plant tbe strata with trees and for other purposes for the advancement of the municipality. Mr. J. B. Champion proposed "TheJiayor." He had done a great deal for the advancement of the town. He had headed tbe subscription list by a donation or £5, and the success of the scheme was mainly attribut able to hi* influence. The Mayor responded, and expressed a hope tint in a short time the whole of the town would be lit with gas. Mr. Wigley proposed "The CoancUlor?." It appeared to him that in the matter of fighting the Btreet? Adelaide was going backward and Glenelg was far in advance. Several other toasts were honored aad tbe company dispersed "The closing scene in the history of the Avoca gold robbery case was witnessed in the Central Criminal Court yesterday," states the Melbourne Age of July 23, "when Martin Wiberg and Joseph Pearce were found guilty and consigned to Pentridge. The Court was crowded in all parts, there being scarcely stand ing room available for even the members of the Bar. The greatest amount of public interest was centred in the charge of the Chief Justice, which began after the refreshment hour. His Honor vigorously analysed the theory set up by the defence, and the supposititious specula- tions indulged in by the learned counsel who defended the prisoners disappeared before the test to which he submitted them. As regards Wiberg, he put it that no inno- cent man would have made such con- fessions as he had made, but apart from that there was evidence to go the Jury on which to convict him of this robbery. Then, with reference to Pearce, it was for them to say whether his purchasing mate- rials for Wiberg's disguise, and the discovery of greasy sovereigns in his possession, did not make him an accessory after the fact as aiding and abetting in his escape, knowing he was guilty of felony. The Jury, after about an hour's delibe- ration, returned into Court. In the delivery of their verdict a somewhat sensational incident occurred. Mr. Thomas Riddell, the Judge's Associate, asked the Jury whether they found Martin Wiberg guilty or not guilty. The fore- man replied 'Not guilty,' and the intense still- ness which pervaded the Court was instantly broken by frantic cheers and hurrahs which broke from a large number of persons in the gallery of evidently strong criminal sympathies. These cheers, however, were promptly suppressed, and the temporary excitement subsided, when the Foreman cried, 'Not guilty on the first count,' the first count being for actually stealing the sove- reigns. Mr. Riddell then asked, 'How say you. Is Martin Wiberg guilty on the second count for receiving? 'Guilty,' was the reply. Pearce was also found guilty of receiving. Public expectation was then raised concerning the sentences which the prisoners would re- ceive. The Chief Justice in passing sentence referred to the immoral influence which Wiberg's crime had exercised on certain sec- tions of the community, and he took that more into consideration than the actual amount of money stolen. Wiberg was sentenced to five years', imprisonment, and Pearce to twelve months. It is a remarkable circumstance, as showing a serious anomaly in the provisions of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, that although Wiberg was found guilty on the second count of receiving he could have been sen- tenced to ten years' imprisonment, whereas for the principal crime of larceny he could only receive five years." Mr. Fulton, the lessee of the Academy of Music, whose losses resulted in his arrest for debt, was set at liberty on Friday, ani is making arrangements to meet his creditors. Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost entertainment open* tins evening a* White's Rooms, A nun%r Ji novel and attractive items are mentioned in the programme. There shonld be a large attendance at the Theatre Royal this afternoon, when the special performance in aid of the Bates family is to be given. A -very strong bill has been issued, all the leading artists In Adelaide taking part in the entertainment. An entertainment is to be given in the Toko Hall on Wednesday evening, August 6, in celebration of the birthday of Daniel O'Connell. It is to be under the patronage of the Governor, the Mayor of Adelaide, the Chief Secretary, the Commissioner of Public Works, Sir G. S. Kingston, and Mr. J. C. Bray. M.P. Football matches will be played this afternoon as follows:—First Twenties—South Parks v. South Adelaides, on South Park Lands; Kensingtons v. Norwoods, on the Ken sington Oval; and Adelaides v. Ports, on the Adelaide Oval. Second Twenties—South Ade laides v. South Parks, on the Sonth Park Lands: Norwoods v. Victorians, on the Montefiore Hill; and Ports v. -a*?i«m—^ at GlanviHe. The latest betting for the Melbourne Cap is 100 to fi against Le Txrap, 100 to 4 South Hamilton, Caspian, Petrea, Boland, TocaUand Fishhook. 100 to at Chester, aad 100 to 3 any thing else. In a Calcutta sweep which waa suc cessfully carried out at TattenalTs last sight, the horses that fetched th* highest prises were Le Loup, Woodlands, Mercury, Democrat, Petrea, Kewmiiiater, and Chesterfield. The Oeelong team of footballers on Friday enjoyed a picnic excursion to the Waterfall Gully, where they were entertained by Mr. E.T. Smith, M.P., and were delighted with their day's outing. They returned to town in tbe afternoon just in Sme to pack their lng gsge and take the train for Glenelg, from which place they went on board tbe South Australian on their return trip to Victoria. The visiting team were greatly pleased with all they saw during their abort stay in the colony, and were unanimous in their expressions of cordiality towards those who .were most prominent in rffci^ their visit an agreeable one. They were accompanied to tbe steamer by a number ot the members of the Association, who wished them all success in their future matches and a pleasant journey home. The conversazione in connection with tbe Pirie-strert Mutual Improvement Associa tion, whir* Is being held in the Wesleyau lecture Hall, attracted a large attendance on Friday evening. The various exhibits proved a source of great interest and instruction to all present, aad pleasure was generally expressed at the nature of tbe exhibition. During the even ing the Bey. 8. 8 Monerfeff gave a reading, which was well received, and Messrs. 3. W. Annells and H. O. Grasby contributed recita tions in a creditable manner. Messrs. Harroway, J. W. Daniel, G. Daniel, and Cotton rendered coles in good style; and tbe members of tbe Pirie-street Church choir «tngin two choruses with excellent effect. Mr. G. W. Ohinner gave a performance on an American organ with his castomary ability, and appeared in a duet with Miss Bennett, which was applauded. Altogether tbe oanverwrione can -be said to have been a thorough success. BeMana «. 0100 Port Augusta .„ 0-030 WBmimtoa _ OD10 Odtowie ™ (KJ35 Badhill _ 0-020 Clara „ ... 0030 Balakfera ... &030 ■y«it;n. , M 0*010 Woitworth .„ 0-130 TTorth VTest Bend CH50 .Btrerfam ... aiOO Ifannmn ... 0100 Gnmencha „ 0-070 Ubont Buker 0049 KormanTQle — 0-010 TowleesBaj _. 0-070 Cape Bora* ... 0-430 CapeJervis ... 0030 Pmoia ... 0010 kJbCaugWBJB ops, U KJWJ Blinman ... 0140 Melroae .„ 0-015 Laura... .„ 0-030 Jame-rtotrn ... 0 040 Koorings ... 0-030 Hoyleton ... 0050 Wallaroo ... 0 010 Yozketown .„ 0-030 Overland Ornr. 0100 Blanchetown „ 0190 Kapnnda ... 0090 Mount Pleasant 0150 Mount Torren* 0150 Willnnga .- 0O1S Eaela ... ... 0O30 Port Lincoln ... 0-050 Kingrcote ... 0140 PottEUiot „. 0D20 