stalr;igad boa tA CorierrJ (Ltwrgns Toswni, Mar 6.-Te IslBram O'Len. cliu ha lelared up foe id74 . Idwt.t DtL Patrih'aS Stoe fl~s 7dwt. mad Jmt-ai-tiae f 6SLo. 4dws The Fanning rush hba proved a complete adaer." Tbe Bronghsov digging aee improsiog, bat uing generally it dull. n'oot--?w, 3kv 5.--The Corn. •. arrieod on koov da mMning, .d mill ail oguin on toendap echeing. Sh will load cedar at Cairns and Mulgrare riser. She rporl shalt sbecrew of she Lovel Peacock, a?raonor. which o iuading at ite Jolnsaono riser, are al ith uigh reset. The captain aod two bande are d?d, and two otbera hese been eant to the Toanorillo Ma' 6--The aterame Aire arrived this eveinln frau the Duke of Taok lnred, wbich place sbe ri post havin loft on the lad instant; srong asulh enele winds and 1ne wonther were experienced aso-gho?st the puage. The Alioo is the properti. of e OGerina m of lernsheim mnd Co., and ;. ploved a a sender tor their tsnding stations in emS o ni ?o. Captain Hernsheim repont that the natire are quie! at all the elttions he ban -imused The irs. Gr.ne Brown, Weoles-sn miveonary as Doe d Toe-h Island. in a porsgrne hr t?he Alice. Htsis ivert had healtb.h md proceeds so S.dnar hs Sn'nedu-.' bol The Al.cs rouron to Duke of Toik lhod? in a too dt5s Sns.s-r, lla S.--Tbe aMbe meergc reeived by? he icaii "Ieenurer in rogrd to shy new tone nittc tInt the hbghot sendee wo f2I9S and the lowreo t thenseearae being £9S So. Id. The nrt ba's- ctae hat non moderated, and ihe sen ha ,gene dose conezderrolt, bhot the weather to still nueetled tnd there are or-acionil ehowere. So ontar" ohippinge acaslnio are reported, bun it in stared, t aontug the violnce ol the gale, ihat during Stur dy night sin of the tents at wcat le. belongins to th Pormnaot Defence Force. were blora to pieet. Th-elhiition vhildlngs enthered the ssorm withmut mlc, bhat arek by the o.lctrie light nu gretiLy im The Rev. . A. Plwmre, Church of England min ite:r t Pvthntm, died to-day. Mr. Jamen Coulte, barrister is also dead. The Poehrsgh bringe 612 iwmigronts. Sal: dChibore., . 'or Landon. Ma 6.-?The aentera of death paoed upon the HaSetld burshesger were to-dm ncimuted by nlbe Eneotiro C-oncil to long tlerms of impriaonment -it adl hbhnr, the s-nt portoo of the uine to he Tre t-mrit , (roi BEs eaare acrired here as odnighe, ahe basini g esotmatred very hear. -euhre. The eswcnl. n, nlri from Briohane, arrised tt S claoh tha mrising. Sbe reporne hbasso nountered st.nn-?shes?y glle, which earnce the ntrel to kLnotr setir ard to nhip targe qniitiraaof onter. On hanil she pat i-to TriD! Ul.. and remnitled nvsi; the m?ller had moodered It iotnnd tho Enjibstaon buolditgt nill cost far moro?nwu at arSt Stcsi r.at't. Theooulasmonu , nw eapsesel in nrh £150 iJ. -Iti ma hnv iv hbenily all the morninj, ano she •asapourolt t anticar. The Logatnsise Aneeh.tr, after diarusion, agreev tn am wto io rt(. l to e m?m ite of Eic.one nd Qoalihuotma vb. quataon whoo!,er htr. Ssh ·nrlaad &O; lindt fmt tj~ 0 i s he oAnmbly, be bring a ov in n .esph.rina a or tnmi nt sontluwt. Thbel lnei?tmilatw o- he Lt,,d Illrl. l0 555then Znsh? C(ab Cap rwa wo b by a lert hy Bliot iccandat Msnavrazo Mt· S-Tbe healh ofther Mis-litre fa Edacr.t_ it.~ 1 o h anprnoed, bust beh- nill Uambe to lease ll hit. The Argpo in a isades Lie. SR.rvise% paIn IPI a amition of tl ac d te nhich ha Oln idlre b2.7. tb. egls'i. . oaonsai sad A--cwbhL ?.Le thhe o U r?uat of irr p laId. dudienltirt,. hash aodianno4ls? d acid 1. aft.r . h diao!u a .an, no ,,,C wI he no o th, (ho weo Chlim.ro ·ddcprboa .·d anl aenmusar . ~ lnl mu?'? rLr Wrknd?l sbtal te qiuenuon byain. NapS , y.. t, n MIn twhy d?tirde Jlu. ::* at £<.cdtin wI he reqaircod so ceplete t1h n-st The otwo ooer, wlled w be oqol La that otu p1d hy tie Londoa Eabib,toa of la 1St. th ?ion?. Shalo t ccc, noqr'laioh ine tipuheonrtly *oUe slnsi Sir Sr.ynoog. ? ? , nho tsihi ?omn tsbcnfath Imrah, alma pn?lbhednia ll be found e l.imselt5lt is the psoph iOnd so nhe Aw, hI TtlOi~atoaa Cbask hat deelro a~ tlisidoendr klc tun acist halnd tubes pv~lac mngttepoiei 6ar ndba~rluau Bof ad ~e ·d~da 5ltpd thas~b. rm lrrnnaemv inoled aimin to~ inheg I.? e~~bhood of Yi,,eOlld, ulnlg to it Ir'ug %, sv.. nid ha.. ,,.. len tees..r Moult -cac.,? at?t, an whr-r h¢ croqoi.ed for Noahk. 