THE RIVER NYMPH. The Brisbane river! Every curve of its sinuous course is replete with a subtle pervading charm that is all its own, and for me, alas ! replete with memories fraught with sadness and regret. To one who, like myself, hu pMMd a life apart from the busy haunts of fashion and of wealth, the silver highway that wends its silent course towards the centre of traffic is the way that moat commends, itself to the imagination for approach ing the capital Such were the influences that brought me on board the Emu, bound from Ipswich to Brisbane, in preference to the noise and disturbing racket of Cobb's ooach. There were not many other passengers on board; a woman in rusty black, with a little child, contrasted by a man in spotless white with a newspaper, and a seedy sodden-looking individual, who looked as though he had just been knocking bis oheque down, were all I saw when I took my place on the upper deck. We had left the basin and the romantic town of Ips wich had faded from our view when two more passengers came up the steep companion ladder —a man and a girL After looking round' dubiously as if in choice of a situation, they came towards where I was sitting. The man was of advanced age, his gray beard descended to his breast, and his long white moustache almost obscured his mouth ; by his aide was one who appeared to me to he the concentrated essence of feminine grace and bewitching beauty. Father and daughter I put them down to be, and my surmise subsequently tamed out to be «prreti. The old man took a seat dose to Ml, tad bis daughter accepted with youthful diffidence the deck chair I tendered her. lam very shy, and on resuming my seat affected to be deeply im mtorsa/1 in a novel I was reading, oooarienaHy I must confess stealing sly glances over the top oi it at my fair fellow passenger. She had drawn some kind of girl's fancy-work from her travelling-bag, and her fingers were busy with it The old man, resting his hands upon the top of hit stick, and his chin upon them, gaaed ab stractedly upon the river's banks as we glided along. Now, if I had not been brought up mostly In the bush, I should not perhaps be so bashful; but I must confess I am shy, very shy, when confronted with strangers of the opposite sex. If I only had the self-possession of my neighbor, All Maine, I should strike up a temporary acquaintanceship with this pretty girl, and so pass the time agreeably away until we reach Brisbane ; but I daren't; lam like a ghost—l must be spoken to first. As though divining my character, the old man presently turned to me and said, " Fine fresh morning, sir ?" I assented : adding, after reflection, "A very fine morning;" which, considering that three hundred mornings out of the three hundred and sixty-five are, in Queensland, fine mornings, betokened great and acute powers of observation on my part. "Pretty scenery," he went on, waving one hand towards a muddy bank surmounted by fire soorohed scrub. "Charming!" I said. " An admirer of nature ?" said the old man. MI admire all beautiful things," I replied, in tending to point the compliment by a glance of admiration at the daughter ; but my pluck was not equal to it; I only turned rather red. " The beautiful," said the old man in a pater nal kind of manner; " how youth ever turns towards the beautiful and the—hm—" "The ideal," I suggested. "Yes, the ideal," he said. "You remem ber the charming linesoof,—o h'm—the poet j about the beautiful." I said that I did not remember the exact quo tation he referred to, which, considering that I had never read anything but " Don Juan" was not singular. Fixing bis eyes on me like a basilisk, the old man repeated— A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its lorelineai inoream ; it will nerer Fan into nothingness, but still will keep A bower quiet for us, and a heap— "Sleep, papa," murmured his daughter, speak* ing for the first time. w No thankey, my dear," returned her parent, apparently surprised ; " I don't feel drowsy." " 0, you dear old goose I" she said with charm ing naivetd ; you said heap, and it's sleep in the original, at least I think so." And she lifted her eyes for oue brief instant, and glanced at me as though for confirmation. I stammered out that I thought she was right (not that I knew anything about the quo tation). " A student of poetry, doubtless ?" said the father. " I am very fond of it," I replied. "So is Laura ;" then he added, in a lower tone of self-communing ; " a child of nature." "You have read ' Childe Harold?'" said Laura (as 1 now knew her name to be). "Parts of it," I said, "and 'Don Juan ;' then I blushed scarlet, for it struck me that perhaps ' Don Juan' should not be so pointedly alluded to before a lady. M' Don Juan' is very fine," said the old man, coming to my rescue," and ao is the ' Siege of Brauels:' you remember the opening lines, something- about mounting in hot haste the clattering hansom and the Melbourne car ; and the fine scene when Lara fires the magazine in the ball-room." I said it was grand. " You have read Byron ? I mustered up courage to ask Laura. " Yes," Bhe replied, " the Family Edition." As this put everything on a strictly proper footing at once, I felt proportionately easier, and as we got more chatty and confidential, and the tilted brim of her hat had been raised two or three times sufficiently to let me get a good peep at her face, I mustered courage to examine her more minutely. Really she was very lovely. Her eyes were the brightest blue that I had ever seen, and the childish innocent expression that lurked in their azure depths was inexpressibly touching. Her nose was slightly suggestive of a pug, but only sufficiently so to give her • captivating air of mingled archness and playful sauciness. Her figure was petite and girlish ; and her foot and ankle were undeniable. Ah me t That portion of the river between Woogaroo and Brisbane will be to me always hallowed ground, or rather hallowed water. We parted at the wharf, and I went away cherishing the remembrance of the smile that Laura bestowed upon me. " Shall we ever meet again?" was the predominant thought that haunted me during the rest of that memorable day [A. break here occurs in the narrative ; an " Ode to Laura" and some verses " Under the Bamboos," appear to have been composed about this time. The tale is again taken up seemingly some six weeks later, and during that time he appears to have cultivated the acquaintance of this fair Laura pretty assiduously, to judge by the intimate footing that seems to be established between them.] How quickly the last few weeks have glided past Captain Delorette, Laura's father, has been kindly improving my billiards, and often in the evening I have had the felicity to take tea with them in their " humble cottage"—as he, I must confess justly, calls it. What an artless little thing she is! Hers is one of those childlike, guileless natures that requires no deep-aea line to fathom its depth. Concealment or duplicity would with her be simply impossible. She has told me all their little story; how her father— an officer who distinguished himself greatly in the Crimean war—offended his rich and noble relatives by marrying her mother ; but how, in spite of all, they had been very happy, If poor. Then she came to her mother's death, and at this the big tears welled into her eyes, and her voice had such a touching tremulous undertone of sop* pressed melancholy that she almost drew an avowal of love from me on the spot Her father, disgusted with England, then came out to Queensland. I forget why he gave Queensland the preference ; but from the way in whioh she spoke it seemed as though he had been decoyed out, in the delusion that a billet of great price would be thrust upon his acceptance immediately upon his landing. This expectation had, bow* •ver, strange to say, not been fulfilled. A few days after Laura had honored me with her confidence, her father dined with me at the hotel where I was staying. I noticed that hjs play bad been rather erratic, and his temper decidedly short, bub during dinner he did. not appear to have taken too much to drink, and lie did nothing extraordinary beyond staring rather vacantly in front of him and keeping very silent Shortly after dinner I volunteered to see him home, but as soon as we got into the streetrrr into the cool night air—he took my arm, and, leaning very heavily upon it, began to discourse in a very strange manner. . "No, sir," he said, after a long a/id almost unintelligible speech. " The feelings of • father —the holiest feelings in pur nature—are not to be trampled on. No, sir ! I say not; Laura is not to be trampled on." I earnestly disclaimed all idea or notion of performing such an operation on any youngiady; in faot, deolared that I was prepared to defend her with my life against such desecration if necessary. " Your remarks do you honor," he replied; "they do equal honor to your —let's see—yes, your head and your heart. But, I say again, Laura's feelings must not be tampered—no, trampled—no, tampered with ; you must not be tampered with ;" and he looked sternly at me, and nodded his head three or four times. I felt glad that we were in a dark and empty street when this strange tirade was directed against me, for the captain did not modulate his voice ia the least. I assured him that I had never tampered with his daughter's feelings, but he paid little or no 'attention to me, and kept maundering on. " No, shes not the girl to be trampled with—l mean tampered on. Seen her chuck a bottle at a cove's head many a time." Great Heavens i what was this that I was hearing ? " Tell you what, you're a squatter; don't know anything about that. But what I say is this : Give me a man who drops his money pretty freely—if he's got any, mind—but it's devilish little we've got out of you except the little bit of pocket-money I make at billiards." "My dear Captain Delorette," I began. "0, captain be hanged! and Delorette toot Look here, younr fejlow, you've been spooning about long enough.' What do you mean ?—thafr's the thing." By this time we had approached the captain's domicile, and very soon burst into the little room where Laura sat industriously working. 41 Well, Laura," said the captain —rather ncr« voualy, though, in spite of his intoxication— " you told me to gammon drunk and bring this young fellow to the point, but I've been keeping sober so long that I made a mistake ; and there's no doubt about it, I'm tight," and he fell into a chair, and almost immediately went to sleep. His last speech was not delivered by any meant aa clearly as 1 have written it, but its purport was plain enough for Laura to understand pretty well what had passed between üb. Rising, she approached me, and hud her hand upon my arm. " Hush !" she said, " I have, alas t Been this before. My father!—in sach a state. But do not look upon the old nun in his degradation 5 wait on the verandah and I will be with you directly." . , I stepped out on to the narrow platform desig nated a verandah, and in a few seoonds ahe stood beside me. " And it has come to this; you have seen the skeleton in the cupboard—the hidden sorrow that is preying upon my heart—the blight upon my life!" I could not help but feel affected. The tender melancholy with which she spoke, the way in which she pressed one hand to—what I under stood to be—a breaking heart, and laid the other •coafidingly upon my arm, combined with the influence of the starlit night reigning around us, threw a halo of romance over the situation that ftlmoit made me forget the startling disclosure of evening. " Share your trouble with me," I said. " Let mine be the heart on which your bruised one may find rest, and let me have the proud privi lege of drying those tears;" and suiting the action to the word I put my arm around her waist, and drawing her to me kissed the tear* stained oheek that nestled to my breast "Butlmusttellyouall," she murmured, "even at the risk of earning your contempt for ever, Know that, driven by want, and urged on by despair, I went on the stage, and by my exer tions maintained my aged father in comparative oomfort Yes, this form you hold in your arms, and have perhaps deigned to admire, has been tricked out nightly for the public gaze. Do you •till love me f I replied that my feelings were unaltered. She rewarded me with a chaste kiss, and con tinued : "You have heard of the temptations that beset the path of the youthful actress ; I experienced many, but, —thanks to the early training of a •slated motber^-overeame them aIL Until at lest,—finding me deaf to everything but the voice of duty and of virtue, —one of my ad mirers, a duke, laid his coronet at my feet' " And you !" I asked, as th* paused. * Rejected it with scorn 1" " But why ?" " Can you ask ? Mj heart was not my own ; I Jiad given it away, foolishly, weakly paruaps; bu£ sUll it was given—to one I loved, and must •ver love. You Know bis name." " Whom can you mean f" MDo not, ah, do not, ask me. You know my sad secret; why then foroe me to throw maiden modesty on one side, and confess that it has long —long txcn yourt V and she drooped her head upon my breast. "But I had neither seen nor heard of you at that time," I said, rather bewildered. MNo more you had," she cried, starting away, and bursting out laughing. " What a devil of a mistake I" Was I standing on my head or on my heels ? TM I—could I—hear aright ? "Confound the footlights," she said, when aW stopped laughing. "I had that «peeeh so fjfaif by heart, and you. gave me ike cue when IT stopped, that I went on without thinking. Do jou still love me V she said, relapsing into a mimicry of her former manner. I gave a very feeble and forced laugh, and alter picking up my hat and looking into it in a vacant aad imbecile manner I said in a very husky voice that I thought I had batter say good night 44 Just stop a minute," she said. M 0,1 won't hurt you ; your heart's not quite broken, is it T' I recovered enough self-possession to follow her into the room where the toi-disant eaptaia was fast asleep, with his head on the table. " Look here ; I suspect you think I'm every* thing that's bad ; but I'm nothing very horrid." " I don't presume to offer any opinion on your conduct, Miss Delorette," I replied. "Bother I My nune'a Maggie Chequers, so you can drop the Delorette, but the fact is that we're pretty hard up—the old man and I—and if we could go down to Melbourne I could get an en gagement there. Now you wouldn't be sorry to see us leave Brisbane, would you ?" .... I have not yet arrived at a satisfactory oonolu sion as to at which period I was the greatest fool: when I was seriously in love with Miss Maggie Chequers, late of the Surrey Music Hall, London, under the impression that she was Miss Deloretto, and that the drunken old sweep, her father—who had had to leave bis native land in a hurry—was a distinguished Crimean offioer ; or when she dropped into her natural character, and talked me into paying for the passage of her self aud her father to Melbourne, and giving them something in hand besides. I know that in one character she made an impression on my heart; in the other on my pocket "Dibbett," writing in the S. if. Herald oon* owning the oonfuaion of ideas prevailing respeol ing the real status in the Peerage of the new Governor of New South Wales, says :—"lt is Just as well that we should not appear to the world to be more ignorant of matters known to everyone in England who mixes in society than most of us really are. I hope, therefore, that the mistakes recently made here respecting the designation and title of our new ruler will not be repeated. There is, properly speaking, no such person as Lord Loftus, and tbere certainly is no Lady Loftus. The Marquess of Ely is no doubt also Baron Loftus ; but nobody would or does bo call him. He is not 30 years old, and is unmarried. Lord Augustus Loftus, the Governor elect, born in 1817, is that nobleman's uncle, and the proper apellation of hia wife, since her title is derived solely from him, in Lady Augustus Loftus. Should the Marques* of Ely marry and have a sou, that son will by courtesy be Lord Loftus. Should the Marquess die unmarried, his titles will descend on one of Lord Augustus* elder brothers. In no probable case will Lord Augustus have the title, or designation, so inaccu rately bestowed on him by certain persons in Sydney." A Brief Will.—The Eait Siuiex Newt states that one of the shortest wills ever known has just been proved in the Lewes Probate Court, it contains only nine words, and is to the follow ing effect: —" Airs. is to have all when I i«. 