ARGUMENTS FOR CHRISTIANITY. ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAH'S LEC TURES AT ST. MARY'S. FAITH. Hrs Grace Uic Archbishop delivered the last of ; ;? -his courso of Lenten lectures on Sunday evening -v. The usual interest was manifested in it, and there ? was a very great, congregation present;. The sub ject was ' Faith.' His Grace said : — We have now come to the beginning of the end. I have, I presume, given sufficient cause to convince men of good will that Unbelief is ' shallow,' if it be not something very much worse ; and, now, I at once, proceed to fulfil my promise of showing to those who are seriously and can didly disposed that Christianity is reasonable ; and, therefore, with reason can be adopted as the creed of the prudent and the thoughtful. It will be remembered that at, the outset I dis tinctly declared that I was addressing myself to the living, not to the- dead ; to tho present, not to the future ; in one word, to those same fellow creatures of mine who this moment are ener gizing in the flesh, before me. .True, what will' fit their case will most, probably fit the case, of most others, and I may be said roughly to be addressing myself to all mankind ? 'still, I am addressing myself to you and not to all mankind, for by so restricting myself I am enabled to make my meaning clearer and my argument more forcible. The abstract and in- definite should, as much as can be, be avoided in reasoning ; and the concrete and tho definite .' should be seized and dealt with, as much as pos sible, in its place. It is by so doing that argu ment is driven home, and living men and 'women are made to feel the impress and the despotic power of Truth. Having, then, during the last few Sunday nights, been drawn towards tho, conclusion that you are rational beings, created. by God,. endowed '- -with spirituality and responsibility ; having- come to the conclusion that it is reasonable to believe \- in the soul and in the Sovereign Creator and ' Master — having thus been brought into imme \- diate contact, as it were, with the Great Supreme, you excluim spontaneously with the poet : — God is law, say the wise, O soul, and lot. us rejoice ; For,' if Ho thunder by law,, the ;? thunder .'is yet His ? voice. Speak to ITim thou, for ho heaiv, and Spirit with spirit may input ; ?? Clowr is Ho limn i'lviilhintf, iv.id nearer than hands and feet. Having thus far advanced towards the threshold '?'? of my main contention, it remains now to make another, and it would seem, a longci1 stride in advance, and show, not merely the reasonableness of Theism, but, what is much more, the reason ableness of Christianity itself. And how do I set about, doing this with such scanty admissions as I have asked for from you ? and after having advanced so short' a distance along the road towards the reception of so many tenets and dogmatic decisions as are embraced in the Chris tian code 'i I set about it this way. t appeal to your own consciences aud sense ; and I; ask you, as living men ami women of good will, to, turn your thoughts for a moment upon .'yourselves. You have sulfivient reason for believing that you are what I have said you are ; you have sufficient reason for believing in a God who made you, loves you, and who therefore must be very near to every one of you, for you know that He lias written His Natural Law in your consciences, and that He has given you a keen sense of right and wrong. Now, I ask, such being the case, is it unreasonable to suppose that God has done something more than this? Would He leave man ' alone in the midst of tho fog and obscurity of life, and give him no further help than the light of reason and tho guide of con science ? Is not life too filled with confusion and tho path too difficult and the way too dark for man to be left absolutely to himself without any further help than that provided in the natural order? Dr. Newman expresses mjr meaning when he says: 'Starting with the being of a God, . . 'i look out of myself into the world. of men, and there I see a sight which fills me with unspeakable distress. The world seems simply to give the lie to that .great truth, of ?which my whole being is so full ; and the effect; upon me is, in con*equenco, as a matter of necessity, as confusing as if it denied that I am in existence myself. If I looked into a mirror aud did not see my face, T should have the sort of feeling that actually comes upon me when 1 look into this living busy world, and sec no . reflection of its Creator. Tins is. to me, one of the greatest diliieulties Of this absolute primary truth, to which I referred just now. Were it. not for this voice, .speaking so clearly in my con science and iii my heart, 1 should be an Atheist, or a Pantheist:, or a Polytheist, when I looked into the world.' Again: ' To consider the world in its length and breath, its various history, the many races of man, their starts, their for tunes, their mutual alienation, their conflicts ; and then their ways, habits, governments, forms of Avorship ; their enterprises, their aimless courses, their random achievements and acquirement;-, the impotent conclusion of long-standing facts, the tokens so faint and broken of a superintending design, the blind evolution of what; turns out to be great powers or truths, the progress of tilings, as if from unreasoning elements, not towards final causes, the greatness and littleness of man, his far-reaching aims, his short, duration, the curtain hung over his futurity, the disappoint-' inents of life, the defeat of good, the success of evil, physical pain, mental anguish, the prevalence and intensity of sin, the pervading idolatries, the corruptions, the dreary irroligion, that condition of the whole race, so hopeless, so fearfully yet so exactly described in the Apostle's words, 'having no hope, and without God in the world', — all this is a vision to dizzy and appal and inflicts upon the mind tho sense of 11 profound mystery, which is absolutely beyond human solution.' (See ' Apologia,' also ' Grammar of As sent;,' p. 391-394'.) Such being the condition of the world in which you live, and the darkness sur rounding you, which of yourselves you cannot fathom, does not that same conscience which suggests to you the Being of a God, His love and mercy, suggest also to you that He would not have left you wholly to yourselves, but would have given you some guiding light ? Tho poet bring;? out my meaning when he says to the bird flung solitarily away to sea :— 'Whither, midst falling dew, While glow tho heavens with the last steps of da.y, Far through their rosy depth dost thou pursue Thy solitary way ? ; . There is n, power whose care Teaches thy way along the pathless coast, Tho desert aud illimitable air, Loue wandering, but not lost. lie who, from zone to zone, Guides through the boundless sky thy certain flight In the lone way that I must tread alone, 'Will load my steps aright. How, then, does He lead our 'steps aright ?' Has He made any provision for this ? Who arc you ? What has He done ? You are reasonable responsible beings who have reached a certain point in your career onwards. You have each your history. You have each had, we will sup pose, a fair education ; and are, in the main, I think I may say, actively engaged in the affairs of life. Few amongst you, -I -take it, have been brought up as trained theologians or philosophers; but like tho vast majority of mankind you have learnt your religion from those who went before you, and have lived; in .the main through the traditions of the past: 'You do not call yourselves religious exports. And thus you represent what may be called Christian civilization, which is perpetuated on the earth, one generation gradually disappearing as another gradually grows into its place and inherits its'traditions. Such being the case, what more has God done for you besides giving you. a reasoning faculty and the sennits nnmittis ? How will you answer this question ? You will assuredly look out from your conscience abroad ujDon the world in which you live ; you will ask whether or no the Almighty has left any tokens or foot-prints of Himself down the history of lime ; whether there is any record of His especial de.ilings with your forefathers and with yourselves, which is over and above His action in your ''conscience ; and which does not cross its dictates, but supplements and develops them. Hero, then, you at once come into the practical region of living facts and incontrovertible history, which, in their sphere, bear as powerful a witness as the conscience itself to moral and religious truth. Looking, then, out into the world, you see all that confusion which Dr. N 'ewman so graphically de scribes. You find the human intellect more busy than ever in up-rooting ancient landmarks. You perceive, to use the words of Cardinal Guibert, in an address connected with the opening of the French Senate this very year (January 8), that ' We are passing through a profoundly troublous period, in which people appear to be no longer cognizant of even the most common principles or laws of equity and reason. The most difficult problems are dealt with without any precaution ; foundations of society are removed by the most rash discussions ; religion, the family, education, authority, property, all arc called in question with incredible levity by men frequently of moderate ability, of no experience, and of very doubtful education.' You become aware that Science it self is debased and dishonoured by men who either fear to tell their minds, or who drag it into the arena as a vulgar contro versial weapon, and thus injure a high and noble instrument of knowledge and civilization. You cannot help seeing, to use the words of Mivart, that ' A passionate hatred of religion, however discreetly or astutely veiled, lies at the bottom of much of the popular meta physical teaching now in vogue. A belief in the necessary inconsistency of Science with Re ligion is therefore persistently propagated among the public by writings and lectures in which move is implied than asserted. In such lectures attempts have again avid again been ma.de to strike Theology through Physical Science, to blacken Religion with coal-dust, to pelt it with fragments of chalk, or to smother it with sub Atlantic mud, or to drown it in a sea of proto plasm. JJclenda eat Carthago ! No system is to be tolerated which will lead men to accept a personal God, moral responsibility, aud a future state of rewards and punishments. Let these unwelcome truths bo once eliminated, and no system is deemed undeserving of a candid, if not sympathetic, consideration, and, cceteria parllus, that system which excludes them most; efli cacioiisly becomes the most acceptable. :- (' Les i'ons from Nature,' ? chap. xiii., p. 210.) You have seen that, with all their boasting, and in spite of all their caution and cunning, Athiests, disguised as scientific men, have not only propoun ded as true that which is false or merely hypothe tical, but that their fundamental principle leads to the most revolting brutality, and is destructive not simply of morality and religion, but of all and every initial sense of right and wrong. What; guide, then, if auy, have you, I ask, in the midst of all this confusion that troubles your conscience so, and bewilders your reason ? What, do I see myself ? Looking out. from myself into tho world in the midst of all this dizzying whirl and moving chaos, I perceive two principles at work, distinct as the principle of Denial and Affirmation. The civilized world, which in the main believes in God and conscience, declares to me that God has done something more than give man a natural conscience and the light of reason ; it as firmly declares that. He has given a revelation of His will, teaching man what to believe with his intellect, and what to do in consequence of that belief. If man fulfil that will and law of God, he-will be for ever happy ; if he die in grave prevarication,he will be for ever punished. Without going into the reasons of this — such is the belief of the great civilized Christian world into which I have been born. This Revelation of God's will is said to be, at; least in part, contained in a book called the ''.Bible' ; and tho whole Christian world, of 407 millions of human beings, holds this book to be inspired, and the great cardinal truths contained in it of Christ's divinity to be true also. Thus I find, without going into the merits of the case, that the most civilized aud intelligent peoples in the world, the sovereign race, believe in the broad, basis of tho Christian schema. But, after having taken this general view and looked a little closer, I find one radical and fundamental difference. I find this vast mass of believers divided by a sharp line of principle, which cuts them, as with a knife, in two, and throws them into opposition. I find one smaller mass of believers basing their teaching, or rather their personal faith, on what they call private judgment; or individual fancy, and another, much larger mass, basing theirs on authority. Which is the more reasonable and safe, as a guide to wandering humanity — to put; the Book in each one's hand and say : 'Do your best, and make out God's will and law for yourself from this ' ? or to say : ' Here is the Book : you wish to know God's law and will. I am commissioned to teach it to you : I cannot lead you astray in faith and morals ; and if you follow my living voice you will be safe ' ? I, who know something of struggling humanity, cannot but think it a mockery to hand tho Book to each one, and then tell each to do the best he can with it for himself. ' Here is the Bible : take it, read it, learn God's will from it!' — to whom is such a command addressed ? I will reply in the words of a clever writer, who has known something of the struggles of human kind. ' First, they are addressed to the thousands, the millions of working men and women who eat their bread in the sweat of their brow. They arc addressed to the illiterate poor in the cities, in the fields, in the factories, in the docks, in the mines, to the men and women who cannot read, or if they can read, who cannot; put a premiss to a premiss ; and who, even if they could read and could reason, have to work hard from morning till night. What mockery to tell a working-man— an anxious bread-winner of a family, who walks out to his work in the morning hardly refreshed, and comes home at night tired out with toil — what a mockery, to tell him he must devote his mind to find out whether or not lie has a soul — whether or not; that soul is im mortal, and what the future life is likely to bo ! Hard, grinding labour from tho morning when they rise, reluctant and slow, to the evening when they sink down again weary and overcome, to cat and then to sleep — is this a school where men can settle the deepest questions of specula tive truth? And if you rise in the scale of intelli gence and take a class that is better off and has more leisure, tho mockery is still the same. Look through all the grades of the great middle class, from the well-to-do artisan to the banker and professional man ; think how full of work their life is, how busy their brains and their hands ; remember how in every great country it is a condition of greatness that the immense majority of tho citizens dedicate their best and longest hours to the production of wealth in one shape or another ; consider among all the clever and educated men who make up the very marrow of our national life, how difficult it is find one whom you would trust to give you a decisive answer to an unprofessional speculative question, such as, for instance, in what circum stance it is permissible to take another man's property ; and then say whether it be not a wild delusion to suppose that from these busy workers can come any clear or consistent system of natural theology or natural law. . . . Invite them to prove the existence of God in the midst of an Atheistic generation, and you mock them. Their minds are full of money ; they have ventures at home and abroad ; they discuss companies, and harvests and mines ; they think of digging and moulding and making ; they watch the skies ; they are intent upon the field and upon the beast : they handle the fruits of the earth ; or perchance they study the schemes of princes and parlia ments, the fever of nations, tho disturbances of peoples, and the fluctuations of funds ; or it may be that they pore with close and eager eye over the secret of Science ; or take the pen' and make books ; or seek their gain and their fame in the arduous practice of exacting pro fessions ; in a word, they arc the men who make the cabinets of governments, who fill the halls of Justice, of Science, of Commerce, who work the banks and the printing presses of this unresting world. Teach them, bring your truth to their doors, and they will look at it ; .... but do not mock them by asking them to supply a darkened world with its necessary light.' (Bishop Hcdlcy's ' Light of the Holy Spirit,' p. 9.) Thus I find'it self-evident that the Book and individual fancy does not answer to tho wants of struggling huufaiiily. My reason is not satisfied with this method, oven supposing' all could study tho Book and made a religion out of it. For on looking closer still I find another most painful fact exhibiting itself on a large scale, namely, that that very Book which was to bring unity of faith and oneness of moral teaching has been, under this system, tho prolific parent of hundreds of contradictory creeds : This is the Book where each his dogma seeks Aud this tho book where each his dogma finds. In a word, I discover, looking out on tho broad world, that two incontrovertible facts stare me straight in the face ; first, that the vast majority of mankind have not capacity or time for forming their religion out; of the Book ; and, secondly, that those who imagine they have, are set at once in perfect contrast and. contradiction in fundamental points of religious teaching. Of those who adopt; the radical principle of in dividual fancy — each man choosing the religion ho most approves, or, on the same principle, reject ing Religion altogether, there are said to be 71 millions in Europe, divided into various organiza tions or sects, all of which maintain that they may, after all, be teaching absolute error, so far as they are teaching anything at all ; each and all being unable, if they are consistent with their fundamental principle, to condemn any man, even should he declare it to be his candid opinion, that all religion and morality are absurd, and that the Religion of Denial is the only sensible creed for honest men, and that each man has his ownhead and he must use it for himself. At a modest computation avc are assured that in England alone there arc at least 150 independent sects, each hcld togethcr by an independent organiza tion, and each considering its own form of Christianity most conformable to the Divine ideal. Outside of these there is the Church of England, with its 23,000 clergymen. To illustrate the working of the fundamental principle of individual fancy, allow me to quote the opinions expressed by Non-conformist organs regarding that said Church with its 23,000 clergymen. 'Cathedrals,' they say, ' arc not in any sense of the word, missionary colleges ; there is no ' diligent ' preach ing of the Gospel from them. . . A heavy languor lies over nearly all cathedral cities, . . and the grossest immoralities find in that stag nant air a cause and an encouragement.' ' There is probably no body of men in the world who, so far as outward evidence goes, care less for the furtherance of Religion than the English [Protes tant] Bishops.' 'It is notorious that many parsons are living in adultery because of their ' inability to pay the fee demanded by the clergy man.'' 'The clergy identify themselves with simony. . . The bishops make no objection to ib.' ' To raven like a wolf, and to plunder like a freebooter, has been the peculiar prerogative of the Church of England.' ll There is no sect so schismatical, so unbrotherly, so insultingly un. fraternal, as the Episcopalians. Her Canons remain to this very hour the very quintessence of bigotry ; their spirit is, to put it plainly, infernal.' Your will find this question fully treated in the Quartley Reviwe, of January of the current year, where the above quotations may be found at pages 53 and 54. As to the justice of these remarks, I have nothing to say, except that; possibly all these profligate bishops and parsons are nothing more nor less than Jesuits in disguise ! [A visible ripple of amusement passed across the vast audience at this point.] Bui' my point is this, that the principle of Individual Fancy necessarily leads to chaos. Even taking the Anglican Church itself, Macaulay defines it as being not so much a church as an hundred sects battling within one church. The Anglican Church Times (Feb. 1S75) [says : ' Tho clergy are, in round numbers, about; twenty-three thousand. Of these, fully one-half, say twelve thousand, belong to the High Church school iu all its shades and degrees. Twelve of the bishops may, on a very liberal estimate, be similarly classed. Tho Evangelical clergy, on their own computation, arc about five thousand in numbers, and have six bishops definitely on their side, besides two more on whoso alliance they can usually count. The Broad Church clergy have, . perhaps, but doubtfully, a thousand members, with the Primate and four other bishops to support them. The unclassifiable and colourless, inclusive of the mere Establish mentariaus, mainly absorb the remaining five thousand, and can boast the Archbishop of York and the remaining prelates as partaking their moral weight and influence.' It is not; necesary for me to go further into this thread-bare subject, so obvious in its results. The more I study the fundamental principle on which the smaller mass of Christians rest, so much the more I find insuperable objections against it, as being a principle that is absolutely unwork able and wholly unfitted to subserve the require ments of the vast majority of men ; whilst, when set in motion at all, it produces as a neces sary consequence of its intrinsic nature, not unity and harmony, but violent contrast and everlasting dislocation in the very fundamentals of Religion and Natural Morality, breaking up the very machinery of which it is supposed to form a part, and offering 110 protection against the most pestilential doctrines of the Religion of Denial. I know that many good and con scientious men base their religion on this prin ciple. I am not speaking of men, but of a sys tem, and from that I shrink. I do not dare to tempt with wanderiug i'eet Tho dark, uubottomed, infinite abyss, into which I should have fco plunge, and into which so many of my fellow-men have plunged, ' deeper than did ever plummet sound,' never to rise up again with any clear and definite creed whose truth they could hold to with a sovereign and absolute conviction. I turn, then, dissatisfied, as a philosopher and a man of the world, from the fundamental prin ciple of Individual Fancy to tho fundamental principle of Authority, on which is based tho ' teaching of the vast majority of civilized man kind. And whilst I am turning round to do so, I hear a. multitude of voices crying out that I am a slave and a fool ; that to give up your private judgment, is handing yourself over body and soul to bondage ; and that ' Britons never shall be slaves.' I hear them, I listen attentively, I am on my guard ; and thus forewarned, I cautiously study the principle of Authority, not indeed from Catholic or Protestant divines, but from tho writings of laymen of acknowledged genius ; men of the world, who hold, or have hold, first places for intellect, and who sire known to possess an intense love of liberty and a detestation of all things in the shape of slavery. I will open tho writings of Sir George Cornwall Lewis, and of Mr. Gladstone, and see what they tench with regard to tho principle of Authority, and the range of it. They shall tell me, unbiassed except as against, Catholicity, what the habit, of mankind is with regard to tho use of other men's knowledge, and as to the amount of reasonable trust men may, and, indeed, ara obliged to place iu it ; and 1 shall thus discover the bearings of that same principle upon that winch is of deepest import, namely, on the present duties of Faith and Action, and the future happiness of man. Let us see -whether Authority is synonymous with Despotism, and trust to it a species of miserable serfdom only practised by miserable Roman Catholics in matters of Religion : — 'The fact to which we ought to be alive,' : says Mr. Gladstone, ' but for the most part are not, is that the whole human family, and the best and highest races of it, and the best and highest minds of those races, are to a great extent upon crutches, the crutches which Authority has lent them. Even in the days of Bacon, even in the days of Dante, when knowledge, as the word is commonly understood, -was so limited that some elect minds of uncommon capacity and vigour could grasp the whole mass of it, they still depended largely upon authority. For that aggregate of knowledge, -which they were able to grasp, was but book- knowledge, and not source knowledge. It was to a great extent not know ledge of subjects, but of what specially qualified men had said upon subjects. As we now stand, no individual man holds, or can hold, that rela tion to universal knowledge, which was held by Dante, or by Bacon, or by Leibnitz. A few subjects, in most cases a very few indeed, are or ever can be known in themselves by direct and immediate study ; a larger number by an imme diate knowledge of what writers, or the most accredited writers, have said upon them ; the largest number by far only from indirect accounts, or as it were, rumours of the results which ?writers and students have attained. Ad nos vix tennis fumce periahilur aura. ' It seem3, however, safe to say that the largest . part even of civilized nations, in the greater pro portion of the subjects that pass through the mind, or touch the course of common action, have not even this, but have only a vague unverified impression that the multitude, or the best, think so and so, and that they had better act and think accordingly. ' Authority, in matters of opinion, divides itseif (say) into three principal classes. There is the authority of witnesses. They testify to matters of fact : the judgment upon these is commonly though not always easy ; but this testimony is ? always the substitution of the faculties of others for our own, which, taken largely, constitutes the essence of Authority. This is the kind which we justly admit with the smallest jealousy. . . . Then there is the authority of judges. To such authority we have constantly to submit. And this too is done for the most part willingly ; but unwillingly, when we have been told what we are about. These judges sometimes supply us with opinions upon facts, sometimes with facts them selves. The results, in pure science, are accepted by us as facts ; but on the methods by which they are reached, the mass, even of intel ligent and cultivated men, are not com petently informed. Judgments on difficult questions of finance arc made into compulsory laws, in parliaments, where only one man in a score, possibly no more than one in a hundred, thoroughly comprehends them. All kinds of professional advice belong to this order in the classification of Authorities.' Having touched upon the third class of Authority, Mr. Glad stone continues. ' While the naked exhibi tion of the amount of guidance found for us by Authority is certainly unflattering, it has a moral UBe in the inculcation of much humility. It also offers to the understanding a subject of pro found and wondering contemplation, by reveal ing to us, in measureless extent, the law of human independence, which again should have its moral use in deepening the sense of brother hood in man. ' A general revolt, then, against Authority, even in matters of opinion, is a childish and anile superstition, not to be excused by the pretext that it is only due to the love of freedom cherished to excess. The love of freedom is an essential , principle of healthy human action, but is only one . of its essential principles. Such a superstition, due only to excess in the love of freedom, may remind us that we should be burned to cinders ?were the earth capable of imitating its wayward denizens, and indulging itself only in an excess of the centripetal force. We may indeed allow that when personal inquiry has been thorough, un biassed, and entire, it seems a violation of Natural Law to say that the inquirer should put it aside in deference to others, even of presum ably superior qualifications. . . . But the number of the cases in which a man can be sure that his own inquiry fulfils these conditions is comparatively insignificant. Whenever it falls short of fulfilling them, what may be called the subjective speciality of duty disappears ; there [t ? remains only the paramount law of allegiance to ' Objective Truth, and that law, commonly dealing ?with Probable Evidence, binds us to take' not that evidence with which we ourselves have most to do, but that which, whether our own or not, offers the smallest among the several likelihoods of error.' So it seems, after all the wild talk of the advocates of ' Private Judgment,' that those very same advocates have been trusting to and living on Authority, 1 may say almost exclusively, , in matters of worldly moment, all their lives. Why so sensitive to being slaves in the para mount and most difficult subject of Religion, and so case-hardened as not even to know you are ' slaves ' in almost everything else ? But to leave generalities, let us see how these thoughts about Authority bear upon Religion. 'Sir George Lewis, in his ' Essay on the Influ ence of Authority in Matters of Opinion' (London, ?2nd Edit., 1875), makes sever-; il very profound remarks regarding the influence and extensive action of Authority in human affairs. Mr. Glad stone speaks of him as ' that learned, modest, most dispassionate, and most able man ' j and refers with evident pleasure to his ' remarkable sobriety, his abhorrence of paradox, his indifference to .ornament,' and to 'his rigidly conscientious ?handling ' of his subject. Allow me to mako use, as far as they will go, of the teachings of these two keen intelligences, in order that I may bring out aa, clearly as possible the fundamental prin* ? d ciple of the Catholic Church, as distinguished from that of all denominations that surround her. She claims to be a living Teacher, and to teach unadulterated Religious Truth. She spoaks with Authority, and she is obeyed, because she is said to have proved herself possessed of the right to speak. This claim is called by some an act of tyranny ; and those who oppose her teaching do so on the ground that each man must think for himself and choose for himself, and that no authority should dare to dictate to any one what to believe and what to do. Now, using the light given us by two of our keenest English minds — the late Sir George Lewis, and Mr. Gladstone— a light all the -more valuable because it was not created for the special purpose to which I am applying it — we shall see how far the great master-principle of Catholicism is reasonable and deserves the approval of every calm and. un prejudiced mind. Mr. Gladstone, evidently,; fully appreciates the weight of the popular prejudice against believing on ' Authority,' for in his re view of Lewis's ' Essay' he starts -with giving it one or two keen slashes with his controvei'sial sword. He says : 'Many are the tricks of speech ; and it has become almost a commonplace of our time to set up, in matters of opinion, an opposi tion between Authority and Truth, and to treat them as excluding one another. It would be about as reasonable to set up an opposition be tween butcher's meat and food.' Again : ' Now, it would sound strangely in our ears were: any one of the most distinguished dealers in common place, instead of proclaiming, ' not Authority, but Truth,' to take for his text, ' not Examina tion, not Inquiry, but Truth.' We should at once reply that Examination or Inquiry was no more in conflict with Truth than; our road to London is in conflict with London. The cases are parallel. Inquiry is a road to. Truth, and Aut thority is a road to Truth. Identical- in aim, diverse in means and in effect, both resting oh the same basis.' ? '..?; ? : Wow, what is the conduct of men, in the most important affairs of life regarding the use they make of Authority? Do they, with consistent determination steadily decline its services, con sidering that not to do so would be the same as sel ling themselves into slavery? Do they fall back at once on the principle that ' Britons never shall be slaves ?' What do Lewis and Gladstone teach the English-speaking public on this point? Lewis says that: 'A large proportion of the general opin ions of mankind are derived merely from Autbo-. rity, and the advice of competent judges has great influence in questions of practice. When truths have been discovered by original inquirers, and received by competent judges, it is principally by Authority that they are accredited and diffused.' Regarding the way in which opinions are held wholesale simply on the basis of authority, Mr. Gladstone summarises Lewis's teaching to this effect: 'They are such,' ho says, 'as we derive from instruction in childhood, or from seniors or from fashion. He (Lewis) shows the extremely limited power of inquiry by the Avorking class; and how even the well informed rely chiefly on compendia and secondary authorities. He shows how, in strict truth, Avhen avc act upon conclusions of our OAvn, for which the original reasons are no longer -present to our minds, avc become authorities to ourselves ; and the direct action of reason is as much ousted, as if Ave Avcre acting on some authority extrinsic to us. Then there is the deference bIioavii in the region of practice to professional or specially instructed persons ; or to friends having experi ence, Avhich enables a man to discern grounds of belief invisible to the unpractised eye.' . .' . ' In general, it may be said that the authority of the professors of any science is trustworthy in proportion as the points of agreement among. them are numerous and important, and the points of difference feAv and unimportant. . . The opposition which is sometimes made between Authority and Reason rests on a confusion of thought.' Now, Avith regard to Religion, Lewis expresses the following convictions — or, to use the words of Mr. Gladstone — ' The candour, acumen, breadth, and attainments of LeAvis give a great Avcight to the convictions he has expressed. They may be summed up in foAV Avords as follows : — ' 1. The consent of mankind binds us in reason to acknoAvledgc the being of God. ' 2. The consent of civilized mankind similarly binds us to the acceptance of Christianity. ' 3. The details of'C'hristanity are contested; but in doubtful questions the Church, and, e.g., the Church of England at large, with respect to its own members, is more competent than they are individually ; and the business and duty of a reasonable man, so far as in these matters he is bound to haATe an opinion, is to follow the best opinion.' JStoav, Mr. Gladstone, taking the prin ciples laid doAvn by LeAvis, gives them a Avicler extension still ; and after I have shown you Avhat that extension is, I shall proceed to make it evident to reasonable men that they can also, with very good cause, be applied to that one legitimate exponent of historical Christanity which we call the Catholic Church. ' In the first place,' says Mr. Gladstone, ' be lief in God implies much more than that He is superhuman and imperceptible. It seems to in volve. ' 1. That He is conceived of as possessing in Himself all attributes whatsoever which conduce to excellence, and these in a degree indefinitely beyond the poAver of the human mind to measure. ' 2. Over and above Avhafc He is Himself, He is conceived of as standing in certain relations to us; as carrying on amoral government of the world. ' 3. The siime wide consent of mankind, which sustains belief in a God, and invests Him Avith a certain character, has everywhere perceptibly carried the sphere of the moral govern ment Avhich it assigns to Him beyond the limits of the visible Avorld. ' 4. Along, therefore, Avithbelief in God avo have to register the acknoAvledgment of another truth, the doctrine of a future state of man, Avhich has had a not less ample acceptance ia all quartcris from whence the elements of Authority can bo drawn.' Mr. Gladstone continues . 'As we found, in the prior instance of simple Theism, that the authority of consent would carry us much beyond the acknoAvledgment of a disembodied abstraction, so, upon examining the case of Christianity, Ave shall find that what has been handed down to us under that name as part of the common knoAV ledgc and common patrimony of men is not a bare skeleton, but is instinct Avith vital warmth ?from a centre, and has the character, notAvith standing all the dissensions that prevail, of a living and working system not without the most essen tial feature of an unity. 'This Ishall endeavour to show as to the follow ing points : — ' I. The Doctrine of Revelation. ' 2. The use of Sacraments. , * ' 3. The Christian Ethics. - '4. The Creed. . .. /- . T\ : '? '5. The Doctrines of tho Trinity and tho In carnation.' \ v Time does not permit me to quote Mr. Glad stone's proofs .; regarding the general acceptance of the above. My point isj that in so far as they are accepted by the vast mass, not of tho Catho lic -world- alone, but of the Protestant' world— r' consisting of very self -contradictory Brifcons 'who novel* -.will be slaves' — so far, I say, as they are so accepted, they must be, they* canuot be otherwise accepted than on Authority. Hoav many of the 71 millions of Protestants can lay their hands' on their breasts and say, ' I accept those tenets because I have come to the conclu sion from my OAvn personal reading and study that they aro God's truth?' How many Avould have had time, or ability, or training to fit them for such a superhuman task? Surely, so infini tesimal a number, that they would represent, little more than a drop in the ocean of mankind. Thus those who are ever ; declaiming Avith such incon tinence of expression against acoepting Re ligion on Authority are the, very ones to do what they so violently condemn, and become slaves to a system which professes that it is. not capable of preventing itself from leading 'men into the ditch. Myself, I should feel rather shy of joining a body of men who boasted in rather a noisy Avay that they detested a certain principle of action, and then were convicted immediately of abidingly acting upon it in tho most momentous affairs of life and of religion, Avithout entertaining a suspicion of the fact themselves. I should prefer a set of men who, whilst they firmly held a certain principle as true and sound, in the practice of their lives, most carefully and conscientiously conformed their actions to it. . ? Now, if tbere.be such men -who do thus act, where are they to be found ? They compose that much larger, mass 'of which I spoke.; There are 230 or 250 millions of them in the world, all uniting in one creed, in the same sacraments and sacrifice, and all submitting to the ; authority, of one Head, whom, they hold to be infallible, under certain conditions, in his teaching on faith and morals.' « Let us, then, now turn to this great society which bases its teaching on a living voice, and over boasts of doing so, and see how far reason concurs- in the principle which it adopts. To use the '-words of an- unbeliever, who, though a professed sceptic, looks on things with the eyes of a philosopher. 'The Roman Church,' says he, ' exists, and exists as a power in tho world ; and whether she be an enemy to-be- destroyed, or a saviour to be clung to, it is equally import ant that we should estimate her full strength. It is idle to waste our arguments and our sarcasms on Protestantism only. If we think that Christianity is false, and is doing an evil work in the world, let us meet it and combat it in its strongest and most coherent form. The Church will ' not shrink from these attacks, she will rather court them. Ouly see me, she says, what -I. really... am, and then strike me as forcibly as you will or can. - ;. 'He, me—adsuni.qui Jeci.—^in me cdnvertite ferrum.' ' Let us look, then, for a moment at the position which the Catholic Church holds in the civilized world, and then we shall be better able to judge of her claims on the submission of reasonable men avIio seek the truth that they may embrace it. Take the statements of Draper, a deadly enemy of Catholicity. He says : ' It is estimated that the entire population of Europe is about three hundred and one millions. Of these, one hun dred and eighty-five millions are Roman Catho lics, thirty-three millions are Greek Catholics. Of Protestants there are seventy-one millions, separated into many sects. . . The whole of Christian South America is Roman Catholic ; the same may be said of Central America and of Mexico, as also of the Spanish and French West India possessions. . . The Roman Catholic Church is tho most widely-diffused and the most powerfully-organized of all modern societies, it is plain, therefore, that of professing Christians the vast majority are Catholic ; and such is the authoritative demand of the Papacy for supre macy, that, in any survey of the present religious condition of Christendom, regard must be mainly had to its acts. Its movements are guided by the highest intelligence and skill. Catholicism obeys the orders of one man, and has therefore a unity, a compactness, a power, which Protestant denominations do not possess. Moreover, it derives inestimable strength from the souvenirs of the great name of Rome. Unembarrassed by any hesitating sentiment, the Papacy has contem plated the coming intellectual crisis. It has pro nounced its decision, and occupied what seemed to it to be the most advantageous ground.' ('Tho Conflict between Religion and Science,' p. 329.) And what Draper says in his book is con firmed by the eye-witness of a Baptist minister. Dr. Potter, of the Sixth-street Baptist church, Ncav York, when giving an account to his con gregation of his Tour in Europe, spoke as fol lows : 'It has been asserted for many years that the Roman Church is losing its power over the masses of Europe, but this is not no. Romanism is not dead ; I candidly believe that it has just begun to live. Its power, vigour, and life are manifested in many things. They are seen in its vast cathedrals and in tho hastening of long- delayed works. During the last ten years 2,000,000 dollars havo been spent on the Cathedral of Cologne, under tho especial patron age of the King of Prussia. Throughout Europe I expected to see nothing but decay, but I was ' greatly disappointed. The power and vitality of the Romish Church are further shown in the great congregations that gather in its places of worship, in the exhibition of a true Catholic spirit, and in the wonderful adaptation of the Church to the necessities of the times and to modern methods of work. . . . Protestantism in its aggressive work does not anyAvhere show such proofs of foresight, earnestness, and devo tion as does the Catholic Church.' In fact we havo merely to take tho or dinary statistics -to discover tho vitality and spring of life in the Church in .the freest coun tries of the world. Look at its growth in North America.' The first priest in the country was ordained at Baltimore in 1793. In 1840 there were 24 bishops, 629 priests, and 1,751,000 laity ; in 1878 there werc one cardinal, eleven arch bishops,' 56 bishops, 7329 priests, whilst the Catholic population .amounted to 7,814,166. In the United States alone there are 5500 churches, 21 theological seminaries, and 1121 ecclesiastical students, not to speak of colleges, academies, monasteries, and convents in their hundreds. Now look at the vitality of Catholioity from another point of view. The Faith was carried to America and has, in the midst of free institutions, flourished with an extraordinary development ; but has it the power of recovering ? lost ground, of coming to life again where it has been trodden into the earth, and. all but exterminated oiit of the land ? Allow me to read you an account of the condition of Catholicity in England within the memory of living man, and then to point out to you how marvellously it has sprung up again since those days, with a power which of itself speaks of tho influence, of . Truth. ' My Fathers and Brothers,' says Dr. Newman in his ' Second Spring,' ' you have seen it [the Catholic position in England] on one side, and some of us on another ; but one and all of us can bear witness to tho fact of the utter contempt into which Catholicism had fallen by tho time that wo were born ... No longer the Catholic Church in the country ; nay, no longer, I may say, a Catholic community ; — but a few adherents of the Old Religion, moving silently and sorrow fully about, as memorals of what had been. ' The Roman Catholics ' not a sect, not even an in terest, as men conceived of it, — not a body, however small, 'representative of the Great Communion abroad,— but a more handful of in dividuals, who might be counted, like the pebbles and detritus of the great deluge .... Such were the Catholics in England, found in corners,. in alleys, and cellars, and the house-tops, or in the recesses of the country ; cut off from the populous world around them, and dimly seen, as if through a mist or in twilight, as ghosts flitting to and fro, by the high Protestants, tho lords of the earth.' ( Sermons, ' Second Spring,' p. 171.) Such was Catholicity in Eng land some few years since. What is its position now? At its head is a Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church, once a Protestant Archdeacon, lie rules over a hierarchy of some thirteen bishops. There are up and down the country at this hour over 1900 priests ; in 1S75 there 'were over 300 monasteries and convents, and a large and increasing population of earnest ami devout believers. That the vital principle of Catholicity is remarkably active, and is absorbing into itself some of the purest and most cultivated English men and women, is evident to any one who gives ' a cursory glance at the list of converts in the Whitehall Review. A great change within the memory of living man ! No sooner had the foot of oppression been removed than tho Church rose up again, and is beginning to assert and effectually . to extend her sway. It cannot bo love of 'power, or wealth, or name, or fame, that made these men and women abandon their past lives and begin the world anew. Principle and the light of Truth alone could have produced these effects. 'It could not well be love of power,' says the Whitehall Reviewer, ' or of fame, that led Dr. Newman to exchange Oxford that adored him for the Birmingham that knows him not ; that tempted Cardinal Manning to step aside from the open path that led easily on to Lambeth Palace and a seat in the Lords ; that weighed with a hundred rectors and vicars — such as Oakeley and Fabor and Bathurst — who left fat livings and certain promotion to labour as obscure parish priests amongst the ignorant and the poor ; that brought tho noblest of earth's sons and daughters,with such titles as Norfolk, Argyll, Buccleuch, Hamilton, Eipon, Bute, Lon donderry, Lothian, Q.ueensberry, Denbigh, Gains borough, and Herbert, to bow before the lowliest ministers of the lowly ; or that led poets like Coventry Patmore and Aubrey de Vere to adopt a creed that put them out of harmony with the temper of their time. 'It was not ' love of ccclesiasticism ' I hat made Henry Wilberforce, . ' Edward Walford, Lord Charles Thynne, Mr. Oxenham, and a hundred more, leave the care of souls in the Anglican system to join a Church where, from one cause or another, they could never rise- above the level of the laity. It was no want of learning or disinclination to weigh evi dence that led men like the author of 'The Apologia,' and Mr. Allies, after years of contro versy, to change one creed for another. Pecuniary gain could hardly be the ground on which clergy men with wives and families gave up their emolu ments to light against starvation as best they could, with strange weapons, which one, at least, to our certain knowledge, wielded so ill that ho sought at last for shelter in a workhouse ; and love of money cannot be the conduct-gauge of a company that includes Thomas Henry, who became a priest of the old faith rather than a worldling millionaire ; and George Lane Fox, the eldest son of Yorkshire's greatest gentleman, the Squire of Braham, of whose enthusiastic zeal and charity his co-religionists are proud to speak,' It is evident, without words, that there must ;- have been something very potent in Catholicism to induce tli. -so and thousands move to make the great wrench of breaking with the past and of cm barking anew in tlie battle of life. No philosopher ? with any power of insight could resist the natural temptation to try and account for so strange a phenomenon as this ; and the m ire the subject. is studied, so much the more forcibly the truth comes out that men are not made to be tossed about by the vagaries or the mere opinions of the moment, but require some stable solid help in the paramount , matters of eternity. Take two typical specimens of the result of Catholicism on the .philosophic mind. Take a leading American and a leading Englishman. Dr; Brownson, in his ' Convert,' speaks thus : 'I havo been, during thirteen years of my Catholic life, constantly engaged in the study of the Church and her doctrines, and especially in their relations to philosophy, or natural reason. I have had occasion to examine and defend Catholicity precisely under those points of view which are the most 'odious to my non-Catholic countrymen and to the Proleslant mind generally; but I have never, in a single instance, found a . single article, dogma, proposition, or definition of faith, which embarrassed me as a logician, or which I would, so far as my own reason was concerned, have changed, or modified, or in any respect nltorccl from what I found it, even if I had been free to do so. i havo never found my reason struggling against the teachings of the Church, or felt it restrained, or myself reduced to a stale of mental slavery. I have', as a Catholic, felt and enjoyed a mental freedom, which I never conceived possible while I wns a non- Catholic. This is my experience ; and, though not worth much', yet in this matter, whereof I have personal knowledge, it is worth something.' ('Tho Convert,' chap, xix., p. 313.) ' This much only will I add, that, whether I am believed or not, I can say truly fiat, during the ? 'nearly thirteen years of Catholic experience, I have found not tho slightest reason to regret the step I took. I have had much to try me, and enough to shake me, if shaken I could be, but I havo not had tho slightest temptation to doubt, or tho slightest inclination to undo -what I had done ; and have every day found new and stronger seasons to thank Almighiy God for His great mercy in bringing me to the knowledge of His Church, and permitting me to enter and live in her communion. I know all that can be said in disparagement of Catholics. I am well versed, perhaps no man more so,, in Catholic scandals, but T have not been deceived ; I -have found all that was promised me, all I looked for. I have found the Church all that her ministers represented her, all my imagination painted her, and infinitely more than I hnd conceived it pos sible for her to be. My experience as a Catholic, so far as tho Church, her doctrines, her morals, her discipline, her influences aro concerned, lias been a continued succession of agreeable sur prises.' (Ibid, chap, xx., p. 316.) Dr. Newman almost uses the stiine words ; lie says : ' From the day I became a Catholic to this day, now clo-e upon thirty years, I have never had a moment's misgiving that the communion of Koine is I hat Church which the Apostle's set up at Pentecost, which alone bus 'tho adoption of son?, and I ho glory, and the covenants, and the revealed law, and the service of God, and the promises,' and in which the Anglican com munion, whatever its merits and demerits, what ever the great excellence of individuals in it, has, as such, no pavt. Nor have I ever for a moment hesitated in my conviction since 1845, that it was my clear duty to join that Catholic Church, as I did then join it, which in my own conscience I felt to be divine. Persons and places, incidents and circumstances of life, which belong to my Jirst forty-four years, arc deeply lodged in my me mory and my affections ; moreover, I have had more to try and afllict me in various ways as a Catholic than as an Anglican ; but never for a moment have I wished myself back ; never have I ceased to thank ray Maker for His mercy in enabling me to make the great change, and never has Ho let' me feel forsaken by Him, or in dis tress, or any kind of religious trouble.' (Letter to tho Duke of Norfolk, ' Portscript,' p. 119., 4th Edit.) * Such is the testimony of iivst-elass men who were once outside the Church and now are in. Let us now see what a professed unbeliever says, of her as he looks at her merely as a philosopher, without hatred as without love. ' My criticisms of Catholicism,' says Mr. M'sillock, 'are not the criticisms of a Catholic, but of a complete out sider — of a literal .seeptic --who is desirous, in considering the religious condition of our time, , . to estimate fairly and fully the character and tho prospects of the one existing religion that seems still capable cither of appealing to or of appeasing it.' (Nineteenth Cenf.it n/, January, 1879.). ' Looking,' he says, ' at the Church of Rome from a strictly logical standpoint, it is hard to seo how, if we believe in free-will and morality in the face of these modern discoveries, which, as far as they go, show us all life as nothing- but a vast machine — it. is hard to see how we can eon . eider the Church of Atonic as logically in any way wounded or crippled, or m a condition, should occasion offer, to be less active than she was in the days of her most undisputed ascendancy. . . In other words, with regard to Superna tural Religion, and Catholicism as its one form that f-till survives unshattercd, I. conceive that the imagination of the world has been to a great measure paralysed ; but that it may be seen eventually that it never has been in an}' way con vinced ; and that nothing is wanting to revive the Roman Church into stronger life than ever, but a craving amongst, men for the certainty, the guidance, and the consolation that she alone offers thorn.' Again: 'If we would obtain a true view of Catholicism, wo must begin by making a clean sweep of all the views that, as outsiders, wo have beon taught to entertain about her. We must, in the first place, learn to conceive of her as a living, spiritual body, as infallible and as authoritative now as over she wa3, with her ej'os undimmed and her strength not abated ; continuing to grow still as she has continued to grow hitherto ; and the growth of the new dogmas that she may from time to time enunciate, we must learn to see are, from her stand- point, signs of life and not signs of corruption. And further, when we conic to look into her more closely, we must separate carefully the diverse elements we find in her — her discipline, her pious opinions, her theology, and her religion. Let her be once fairly looked at in this way — looked at not with any preposses sion in her favour, but only without prejudice — and thus much, at least, I am firmly convinced of. I am convinced that, if it be oneo admitted that we belong to a spiritual world, and in that world are free and responsible agents, there will be no new difficulty encountered, cither by the reason or by the moral sense, in admitting to the full the supernatural claims of Catholicism. Looking simply on the world as it is, on Science as it is, on our Morality us it; is, on other religions as they are, and on the Catholic Religion as it pro fesses to be, what. I have tried to show is thi3 : that the Catholic religion is a logical development of our natural moral sense, developed indeed under a special spiritual care, but essentially the same thing, with the same negations, the same assertions, the same positive truths, and the same impenetrable mysteries — -the difference only being that what was always implied unconsciously is by it recognized and expressed consciously,' In a word, as 1 said in my Introductory Address, when a man once believes in Gfod, if he would remain strictly logical, he must become a Catholic. Let us stop now for a moment, and see how we stand. On the one hand then1 is the principle of Individual Fancy, on the other hand that of Authority. About seventy-one millions of Christians profess to base their Christianity on the former principle. Now, when studied, this principle is found to be impracticable — first, because the vast majority of mankind arc incap able of making any advantageous use of it ; secondly, because it is an essential principle of decomposition and chaos ; and, thirdly, because, as a matter of fact, those very persons who pro fess to act by it, in reality, when their conduct is sifted, do nothing of the kind, but, through the sheer force of necessity, are com pelled to do in religious affairs what they con stantly do in physical and legal, namely, to take the very best opinions they can command, and act on them. Hence it is I do not feel myself competent to defend that Christianity as reasonable which is placed upon so unsatisfactory a basis ; and, therefore, I turn to that other principle of Authority, and feel that it is quite possible, indeed a comparatively easy thing, to give suffi cient reason to men of good- will for holding that Christianity, fixed upon the adamant basis of Authority, presents to the cautious mind motives enough to induce it to admit that such Chris tianity is in accordance with the dictates of the soundest reason. How does this form of Christianity address itself to the mind ? It numbers 230 or 250 millions of Christians. It is acknowledged by friend and foe to be by far the most powerful, united, disciplined, anil compact, as well as the most clastic society on the face of the earth. It is ruled by one Head, whom all obey, and who is held to be incapable of leading men astray when lie acts as ' Supreme Teacher of truths necessary for salvation revealed by God.' (Fessler's ' True and false Infallibility,' p. 43.) The Avhole of this immense mass of mankind, the great majority of Christendom— is harmoniously united in creed, sacraments, and moral teaching, and forms one sublime expres sion of unity, amidst the endless contradictions of tongues regarding every other question that is mooted on the earth. Its teaching body is composed of thousands of experts, whose lives are dedicated to the study of Religion, and who, together with profound learning, arc the inheri tors of the venerable traditions of historic Chris tianity Avhich have come down from Apostolic times. This teaching body, with the Pope as its mouth-piece, claims, and 250 millions of people admit its claim, to a commission from our Saviour to teach the world the true meaning of the Bible and of Tradition, so far as they are ne cessary for Salvation ; and it moreover claims, basing these claims on the distinct, promise of Jesus Christ Himself, to be divinely protected from poisoning the world with error, instead of giving it wholesome bread of truth. Such in the main are the claims of the Catholic Church, as admitted and acted upon at this very hour by 250 millions of men, in a word, by the vast ma jority of Christians. Now, I have already shown, from the teaching of Sir George Lewis and Mr. Gladstone ; and, indeed, from common sense, that it is simply im possible, as things are, for the vast majority of mankind to get on without Authority. I have shown that even those who pretend to do with out it are compelled to make use of it whether they Avill or no : and, therefore, it follows, that if it be true, as I have shown it to be true, thai; the vast majority must take their religion on Authority, it follows, I say, if they would be wise and prudent, they would at all events take the very best, authority and the surest they could find. ' We may indeed allow,' says Mr. G ladstone, ' that when personal inquiry has been thorough, unbiassed, and entire, it seems a vio lation of Natural Law to say that tho inquirer should put it aside in deference to others, even of presumably superior qualifications. . . 15 ut the number of cases in which a man can be sure that his own inquiry fulfils these conditions is comparatively insignificant'. Whenever it falls short of fulfilling them, what, may be called the subjective speciality of duty disappears ; there remains only the paramount law of allegiance to Objective Truth, and that; law, commonly dealing with probable evidence, binds us to take not that evidence with Avhich we ourselves have most to do, but that which, whether our own or not, offers tho smallest amongst, several likelihoods of error.' Now, what 1 have been en deavouring to show is just this : that the Authority of the Catholic Church 'can reasonably claim for itself to be so constituted as — amongst all the claimants to be teachers of Christianity — to hold the first place, to be, in every sense of the word, tho highest, and therefore the safest and best authority on cavth. And since Religion is a matter, not only most difficult, but also of the most paramount importance, it follows that no ?wise and prudent man would content himself with a second- class authority, but, in such a mat ter of spiritual life and death, he would feel himself in conscience bound to trust himself to the highest and best. Hence, if it be reasonable to be a Christian, and I have already shown it to be so, to be a Christian means, logically, to be a Catholic ; for Catholicity is based upon the only reasonable basis on which religion is able, not only to stand, but, ovon as an universal labourer, to work. To show you the value of the authority of the Church in matters of Religion, I will simply ask 'you to study as a sample her method in pro claiming the dogma of Papal Infallibility. Take, first, the elaborate preparation made before such matters were discussed. ' The Commission of Direction consisted of five cardinals, with eight bishops and a Secretary, the Archbishop of Sard is. Twenty-four consultors wore appointed for the Commission of Dogma, nineteen for that of Discipline, twelve for the Commission on Religious Orders, seventeen for the Commission of Foreign Missions and the East, and twenty six, for the Commission of Mixed or Politico ecclesiastical Questions. The entire number of Consultors was 102, of which ten were bishops, sixty-nine secular priests, and twenty-three regulars. Of these 102 thirty-two were from various stations invited to Rome.' ( ' True Story of the Vatican Council,' p. 89.) These learned men laboured indefatigably, preparing the questions for discussion in the Council. Now take a view of the opening of the Council, as drawn by one who was present, and you will see at once what an august assembly it was, and how the authority of such a Senate deserved to have immense weight with any thinking and reasonable man. ' First the Pope rose,' says Cardinal Manning, ' and recited the profession of Faith in a loud voice. After that the I3ishop of Fabriano read it from the Amho. Then for two whole hours the Cardiuals, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, 'Bishops, and other fathers of the Council made their adhesion to the same by kissing the Gospel at the throne of the Head of the Church. Seven hundred bishops of the Church from all the world, the representatives of more than thirty nations and of two hundred millions of Christians, made profes sion with one heart of the same faith in the same form of words. If any one can believe this intellectual unity of faith, which has endured for eighteen hundred years unchanged through all changes, in all the minuteness of the definitions of Nicsea, Constantinople, and Trent, to be a simply human and natural fact, his credulity must be great. They who looked, on, still move they who shared in that world-wide profession of the baptismal creed of the Christian world, will never ferget it.' (' True Story,' p. 91.) Now look at the class of men who discussed and settled the question of Infallibility. There were 744 bishops present during the Vatican Council. They represented the religious Catholic sentiment of the entire globe. Men of high culture, experts in their own profession, and of pure spotless lives, they represent, I think I may safely say, the highost court of religious thought and culture that is to be found on the face of the world. Allow me, in order to bring before you an idea of the representative character of that great Christian Assembly, to mention some of the countries from which they came. Besides 49 cardinals and 11 patriarchs, thore were, as repre senting Europe alone, 40 bishops from Austria and Hungary, 34 from Great Britain and Ireland, 78 from France, 10 from Prussia, 12 from Bavaria and Belgium, 9 from Holland and Greece, 160 from Italy, 42 from Spain and Portugal, 6 from Switzerland, and 10 from Turkey. Asia was represented by 3 from the Levant, 15 from India, 16 from China and Japan. Then of the Oriental Rite, there were 14 Armenian bishops, 2 Grcco-Rumenian, 1 Greco-Ruthenian, 1 Greco-Bulgarian, 8 Greek- Melclrito, 5 Syrian, 10 Syro-Chaldeau, 4 Syro-Maronite, and 1 Coptic. Africa was represented by 15 pre lates, North America by 82, South America by 28, Australia by 8, 'Nov/ Zealand, the Philip pine Isles, and Oceanica by 7, besides 53 prelates who had either retired from their sees, or had beon elevated to the Episcopate on account of of their distinguished learning and ability. ' Tuesday, the 18th of July was fixed for the Public Session. When the definition of Infal libility was proclaimed, it was held with all the usual solemnities. Pius the Ninth presiding in per son. After the Solemn Mass the Holy Scriptures were placed open upon the lectern on the high altar, the J'eni Creator was sung as usual. ? The Bishop of Fabriano then read the Decree De Romano Poniijiec from tho amho, and the under secretary of the Council called on every father of the Council by name to vote. Each, as his name was called, took oil' his mitre, rose from his seat, and voted. There were present 535, of these 533 voted 'Placet, 2 only voted Non Placet, The scrutators and the secretary of tho Council, hav ing counted up tho votes, went up to the throne, and declared that all the fathers present, two only excepted, had voted for the decree. The Pontiff then confirmed the decree in tho usual words.' Tho Cardinal continues: 'The two bishops who voted, on thai, clay against, tho docreo, as soon as Pius the Ninth had confirmed it, at once .submitted and made a profession of their faith.' (' True Story,' p. 143, 4.) And I may add that every Bishop in the Church, at the present moment adheres most firmly to that decision, coming as it doe;-, even humanly, speaking from the highest religious authority on earth. The Definition runs as follows : — ' Faithfully adhering to the tradition received from the beginning of the Christian Faith, for the glovy of God our Saviour, the exaltation of tho Catholic Religion, ami tho salvation of Christian people, the Sacred Council approving, We teach and define that it is a dogma divinely revealed, that the Roman Pontiff, when he speaks ex cathedra, that is, when in discharge of the office of Pastor and Doctor of all Christians, by virtue of his Supreme Apostolic authority he defines a doc trine regarding faith or morals to be held by the Universal Church, by the divine assistance pro mised to him in blessed Peter, is possessed of that infallibility with which the Divine Re deemer willed that His Church should, be en dowed for, defining doctrine regarding faith or morals ; and that therefore such definitions are irreformable.' ('First; Dogmatic C.mstit., ' chap, iv.) Nor is this submission to the highest authority on earth slavery, but freedom. Those who have patiently and candidly, moved by the high au thority of the living teaching Church, studied the arguments on which the authority vests, like Dr. Newman, Mr. Mallock, and Dr. Brownson, havo seen how submission leads to true and genuine freedom. 'In submitting to the Church.' says Dr. Brownson, ' I yielded to the highest reason ; and my submission was intelligent, not an act discarding reason, but an act of reason itself in the full possession and free exercise of her highest powers. No act of belief is, or can be more reasonable ; and, in performing it, T kept faithfully to the resolution I made on leaving Presbyferianism, that henceforth I would be true to my own reason, and maintain the rights and dignity of my own manhood. No man can ac cuse me of not having done it. I never performed a more reasonable, a more manly act, or one more in accordance with the rights and dignity of human nature, though not done save by Divine grace moving and assisting thereto, than when I kneeled to the .Bishop of Boston, and asked him to hear my confession and reconcile me to the Church, or when 1 read my abjuration, and pub licly confessed the Catholic faith ; for the basis of all true nobility of soul is Christian humility, and nothing is more manly than submission to God, or more reasonable than to believe God's word on His own authority.' (' The Convert,' p., 310.) To sum up. What has been my reasoning ? ? It is so simple that a child can understand it, and so conclusive that, if you wish, I do not perceive how you can evade it. It is this : The vast majority of mankind must, nolens volens, and actually do — even those who call it slavery — take then- Religion on Authority. Now, Religion is a. concern of supreme importance that cannot be trifled with ; but in matters of supreme ini- '. portance a man is bound in conscience to seek not any, but the best and safest advice, and to be guided by the highest authority. Now, it has : been shown that in matters of religion the Catholic Church represents, unapproachably, the safest and highest authority ; therefore it. is a duty, and a fortiori., reasonable, to be guided by the authority of the Catholic Church. And this comes out all the stronger from the fact that men of profound learning and diamond-like sharp ness of intellect, who have carefully studied her claims and embraced her teaching af e ' having had- many gears' experience, of her, have found that that authority to which they submitted themselves proved itself worthy of their reason able obedience, gave them all and more than they expected, and satisfied not merely (heir hearts, but the demands of their intellects and their most jeal ous lore of mental liberty. Her vastness, her unity, her discipline, her past elastic vigour, her present energetic life, her army of experts, and her his torical prestige, not to sneak of her supernatural endowments, place her alone in tho world, beyond all rivalry, and sole and sovereign in her claim upon the submission as well as the reverence of mankind. I said at the outset of these Argu ments that I was addressing the audience before me ; and now 1 ask : What, prudent and serious man woidd dare to thrust on one side the doc trinal decisions of the Sovereign Teacher of 250 millions of I113 fellow-Christians, and say to mo : ' Not those, but these, these ideas of mine are God's everlasting truth !' Who could fairly tax anyone here with being un reasonable if he said ' 1 am safer in following the highest and most august authority on earth, rather than my own private bias on these difficult ques tions of Religion ? I must follow some au thority, 1 choose that; which is accepted by the vast majority of Christians, and which has earned for itself the most distinguished name. When my body is dangerously sick, I am nob at rest till I. have got the very 'best advice, cost what it will. Why should I be less prudent in matters of my soul ?' I hope, then, that I have now given sufficient cause for men of good will to hold that it is reasonable to be a Catholic ; and if it is reason able to be a Citholic, it is reasonable to be a Christian ; foi* every Catholic is a Christian, though every Christian — using the word popu larly — may not be a Catholic. Thus far reason itself carries us along. But reason, however keen, will liot make man walk to God. We may be ever so intellectually convinced, but that will not suffice to move the heart or touch tho will. To believe and tremble it? one thing ; to believe and to do, is another. God alone can move men effectually by His grace ; for all the logic in the world will not convert ono sinner nor make one saint. Our Lord alone can * initiate such a work as that. May He give grace to those who possess already the inestimable gift of Faith, to persevere to the very end ; and may He bestow on those who have it not that which alone can touch their hearts, and move their foot towards the heavenly vision. Life is short, eternity is long. Wo have much work to do before the day closes. Are you in fog and mist and uncertainty of the f nturo ? Why, then, not at least consult by far the highest spiritual autho rity on earth ? Why delay when you may gam rest and repose in the Home of your Fathers, in the Ark of your salvation ? Or, to use the words of Dante, Be ye more staid, O ChriKliuus ! N-it like featlioi' by oaoli wind Keinoviililo ; nor think to cleanse yourselves In ovovy water. Either Testament, ' i The Old imd New is you.vs ; ;u.ul for your Uui'lo The Shepherd of the Church. Lot this suffice To save you. [Paradiso, Canto V. I now leave it to you — you who have so kindly and so patiently listened to me these Sundays, to judge for yourselves whether or no I have offered you sufficient causo for coming to the conclusion that, Unbelief is shallow, and that Christianity is reasonable. If I have not suc ceeded in doing so, then the Haw must be in myself, or in you, or, perhaps, in you and me together ; for it cannot possibly be in that glorious cause of which 1 am painfully conscious of having been all along so poor an advocate. 