Why Such Zeal To the Editor of the Y. P. Advertiser. SIR—Will you kindly allow me space for a few lines in your valuable paper, to ask those who manifest such zeal in writing against the Rev. W. Cooke, and the Primitive Methodist Church, at Moonta Mines. Why 2 and I ask in a Christian spirit, especially after seeing " Southern Primitive/so refreshed by provoking others to wrath, as he would have others believe. Is it by that, that the Master said " all men shall know that ye are my disciples." Then when " Southern Primitive" refers to "Layman" he intimates that he is a certain official, to whom he imputes bad things. Bat this said official I am truely informed did not write tlie letter signed " Layman." But if " Layman" did make application it would have been only in strict accordance with the minute passed at the Quarterly Meeting. Then why show to tbe public such an unchristian sqirit ? Why so much zeal 1 It may be from self interest, which is a great iniiamer, and drives some men to persecute their fellows. Be careful my a brethren as to what you do. Mind the P head of UMi body the church, and also mind t the body for one member suffers the whole body must suffer with it. t But why such zeal, is it from a bad spirit ? i.. irom id-nature it is likely to break t.irough ad restraint and rage in full f„nr. It enabled men like Saul of Tarsus to turn Christians out of the synagogues and to i.nnk they were doin? God service. But why such zeal? Is it because the times are acpressed and the members of the jioonta Mines Church, cannot pav, according to rule, for want of means, that they j mu«t be cast into tbe fiery furnace. I love to sne anyone zealous in a good cause, and particularly in promoting the well-b--ing of his fellow man. But still I ask why such zeal ? " 8reth«m feed the iiock of Christ over which the Holy Ghost hath made YOU Overseers." Think of the Master and of His servant Paul, and also of the Pharisees. Mind the burdens—" Be not Lords over God's heritage." Again I ask why such" zeal? Why ? Yours. &c..; JOHN HOOPER, L. P. 