Mr. Creswick at the Queensland Theatre. AS BERNEDICK. THE delightful comedy "Much Ado About Nothing" was produced at the theatre last night week to a very large and fashionable audience, and the performance was one of the moßt enjoyable since Mr. Creßwiok'a engagement The play ia not often put on the stage now-a daye, owing, no doubt, to the difficulty of finding worthy exponents of the characters Benedick and Beatrice, roles which were bo admirably filled by Mr. Creawick and Mur Helen Ashtm as to call forth the repeated plaudits cf an appre ciative audience and to earn or them the honor of an enthusiastic recall at each fall of the curtain in the second and final acts. Mr. Creswick'B make-up as Benedick was one of the most ad mirable features of the impersonation. Not only did he look the youthful character drawn by Shakspeare, but he walked and deported him self throughout the performance like a gallant soldier in his lusty manhood. His acting as the witty woman-hater was to the minutest detail of his inimitable by-play finished and effective, the only drawback being a defect of voice, which was slightly noticeable throughout. Miss Helen Ashton, as the etpiigle Beatrice, was natural, ladylike, graceful, and expressive, but there was occasionally just a suspicion of stiffness in her play, and her voice iB not of the requisite timbre for the part. The plot of the piece chiefly, if not altogether, concerns Ileiv and Claudio, but the " merry war," in which they " never meet but there is a skirmish of wits," between Benedick and Beatrice furnishes occasion for all the more admirable scenes in the play. The noble Don Pedro was well impersonated by Mr. E. Holloway, notwithstanding a slight pecu liarity in his elocution. Mr. J. J. Welsh's Leonato was a careful, very good performance. The rdle of Claudio was filled by Mr. N. Doug las, who was somewhat uneven in his perform ance of the part. The rdle best filled after those of Benedick and Beatrice, was that of Dogberry, by Mr. Sam Howard. Miss Kate Douglas had but little to do as Hero, but she acquitted herself very credit ably. Mr. West was excellent in the small part of Antonio, and the other minor characters were indifferently filled. Mb. Crebwiok as Hamlkt. The theatre was crowded last Monday night by eager expeotanta to behold Mr. Creswick's transfor mation into Hamlet. Never in our experience of Brisbane have we witnessed a performance even second to this superb personation. Those who are familiar with dramatic criticism in the Eng lish Press are aware that Hamlet i» generally considered Mr. Creswick's greatest part, and we consequently looked forward to the perform ance with much interest, nor were our anticipations disappointed. From his first ap pearanoe on the ramparts until his dying moment there was not a word or question of his whioh did not show study of a nature sure to master the true interpretation of the poet's thoughts. His by-play was the highest art which is the concealment of art; nor could we conceive the possibility of a man placed in Hamlet's position choosing a better means of revealing bis thoughts and distorted motives, than by the wondrous elocution and physical bearing of this gnat tragedian. It is very pleasing to be able to add that all the company gave much satisfaction. There was not a single contretemps, all being thoroughly well up in their parts. Mr. Welsh made an excellent Pohniut — a character which affords great temptation towards overacting, but was not in this case overstrained. Mr. Holloway rendered the Ghost very creditably, an arduous undertaking. It seems almost uufair tt> select nameß for eulogy, when everyone was good even to the graved iggera, the first of whom wu« remarkably quaint and interesting. Mi<w Axliton was—as it watt predicted—enchanting in Ophelia. In trti'h, her last scene was unsurpasoublo. In conclusion, we trust that the suc cess which is attending the risky en terprise of Mr. Shepperson will induce him to establish a system of procuring the best dramatic talent periodically to visit this colony. The effects of such a proceeding would soon be experienced by society at largo both in taste and habits. There was a very large attendance of ladieH at the representation ; and what was also satisfactory was the presence of well known, aud worthy clergymen. Tbo play was reprq. ductd on. Tuebday aud Wednesday evenings. A French Critic ox Henry Irving thk Actor. —M. Jules Claretie, in La Preste, thus writes of Mr. Irviug. I have Been him in Richditu, and I think him superb. It is a resurrection. The great cardinal, lean, worn, devoured by ambition lees for himself than for France, is admirably rendered l>y the acton His gait is jerky, like that <if n dying man racked by fever ; bis eye has the depths of a visionary ; a hoarse cough underniiues that frail body. . . . When Richelieu appears in tlio midst of the courtiers, when he flings scorn in the face of the mediocre man who is to succeed him, when he supplicates and adjures the weak Louis XIII., Irving gives to Richelieu's grand figure a striking majesty. And how profoundly the tragedian is an artist! Igo to see him in his dreaaiug room after the performance. I find him surrounded by portraits of Richelieu. Ho has before him tbe three studio by Phillippe do Champagne, iv the National Gallery collection, and also a photograph of th j full-length portrait of the cardinal by the same Phillippe de Cham pagne. . . . When he plays LouU XI. ho studies Cotntnynea, Victor Hugo, Walter S<;ntt. . . . Mr. Irviug, notwithstanding that superb head—at once euergetic and refined, in the style of Taillade—has elegance rather than strength. A very fine bust exhibited now at the Royal Academy (the English " Salon ") shows him as he is. His strength consists in fascination. He is charming off the stage as he is effective on it. ... How charmed I was at the rt-pesen tation of Hamlet. Such a performance is a real pleasure to a literary man. The mite en tctnt is particularly superb . . . reminding one of the I'ictun-s of Aiuia Tadema and of Jean Paul Lauren*. Irving, ah manager of the- Lyceum, spends 125,000 francs a month to do the thing thoroughly welJ. 