JACOB HURD'S CHILD i. Who breaketh his fast so early, While yet he oan count the stars ? And whose are the footsteps trailing through The dew to tbe pasture-bars ? He snaffleth his white- eyed gelding, He monnteth the saddle-tree ; And out from the skirts of Ipswioh town All grimly rideth he. Out from tbe town at sunrise, His stubborn fields untilled, Rideth Jaoob Hard for a day and a night To see three witches killed. For Hurd is a stalwart Christian Whom Satan bath ne'er entioed; He believeth in God and His holy word And he hateth Antichrist. The devil in awe he holdeth, And God with an equal fear ; And little of gospel and muoii of law Make np his creed severe. With a burning zeal for his Master, He fighteth with death and hell ; And when a witob is brought to the rope, It pleaseth old Jacob well. So out of the town at sunrise, His stubborn fields untilled, He rideth forth for a day and a night To see three witches killed. He glanceth backward at Ipswich, Then leaneth low to pray, For he knoweth that iu the wilderness The savage haunts the way. Look for thy last, old Jacob ! And pray, though thy prayer be vain ; Thy errand hath not the smile of God ; Thou contest not again 1 n. It is four o'clock of the evening, And, dressed in her hodden grey, Old Jacob's wife is hamming a tnne, For the goodman is away. And forth from their distant cabins (None see them so soon as she), The women who hold old Hurd iu fear Are coming to drink her tea. There's the pretty wife of Dunster, And Goffe's, from ths meadow farm, And tbe Sparhawke girls, with goodwife Gill, And the Glovers, arm-in-arm. There is Peter Flynt's young widow, And her sister in Lon'on brown, And Miriam Winship ; oh, sweet and wiss Is the school-ma'am of the town! And the heart of the goodwife, waiting The coming of friendly feet, Is smitten through by an olden pang That is bitter at once, and sweet.; For the school- ma'am Tonce taught him letters — The wonderful boy who died, And took from ber motherly bosom all Its solace and its pride ; And Miriam's coming would surely Bring to her heart the joy Of speaking, with none to make afraid. About her perished boy. (For Jacob held hard to silence, Though he was more than sad, And would not speak of their crnel loss With the mother of the lad.) She meeteth them at her door-way With a greeting of hand to hand, But she kisseth Miriam on her cheek, And the women understand. ni. It is six o'clock of the evening, 1 And, grouped at the table rude, The women have bent their heads to say Their word of gratitude. Now the tea and the feast are passing, While they gossip of hoaie affairs — Of the deacon's cattle in the pound, Or a sick child up for prayers ; — Of a work of grace in the village, And the devil's work abroad, And the mischievous witches soon to go To the judgment bar of God. But Miriam speaketh a sentence That winneth the ears of all, When she turneth her eyes on goodwife Hurd, And biddeth hor talk of Paul. Tears fill the eyes of the mother, And the kindly women list : 41 The lips," said she, " should be 'good and wise That an angel's lips have kissed ; 44 But in truth my lips are neither ; For God, by the hand of pain, Sent a gift that ray soul misunderstood, And He took it back again. "For Jacob and I had prayed Him That who should be bora of me Should be sanctified at his birth, and strong In the power of prophecy. " And the prayer was sweetly answered, But the prophet, all unguessed, Grew weary of our clumsy ways, And entered into rest. 44 It was better that he left us, For Jacob could not know That a child's sweet story was not a lie To be punished by a blow. 44 For he was not made like others, His thoughts were weird and wild ; And Jacob at last believed, in truth, That a devil possessed the child. " With the birds that gathered about him, He prattled for hou;s and hours; He sang to the spider upon his web, And the bees in the hearts of flowers. "He carried a curious wisdom ; Aud many were the times When he sat in the sun the livelong day, And sang to himself in rhymes. " And he told such marvellous stories Of what he heard in the air — Of tbe talk of the birds, and the songs of the sea — That we were in despair. " And Jacob exclaimed : ' God help as 1 For how is a man to know Whether a poet comes down from heaven, Or climbs from the world below ?' " One day, in the early autumn, Wnen pigeons wero iu the woods, And out m the stubble the striped quail Were leading their pretty broods; " When the partridge drummed in the dis- tauce, Aud the squirrel barked from the oak, And forth from the smoky hiii-side came The woodman's lazy stroke, " He went away toward the forest, Aud I saw his face no more Till, flushed by the red of the setting sun, He stood in the cabin door. " 4 Now where hast thou been ?' said Jaoob. 4 1 have been on my horse,' Baid he I And Jacob grew pale, and shook like a leaf, As he took the lad ouhis knee. What horse hast thou ridden?' Baid Jaoob. 4 1 have ridden my own,' he said— 4 My golden horse with a silver tail, And a mane of silver thread. 4 4 4 He came to me in the pasture, And he knelt for me to mount ; Anil his saddle and bridle were blazing with More jewels than I could count. " 4 And he bore me like the lightning, Over sea and over land, And he coursed the shore, or mounted the air, Or stopped at my command. 44 1 have seen the windy ocean, And flown above its waves, And I've seen the great leviathan Playing within its caves. " 4 1 have ridden through old England, Over Hills and over dells, I have cantered through the London streets, And heard the London bells. 44 4 1 have been to the holy places, And knelt and prayed in them, And fed my golden horse with bread In the streets of Jerusalem. 44 ' I have ridden by mighty rivers, From the mountains to the sea : And hark !' Baid he, 4 for my golden horse la whinnying low for me 1' '4 4 Get down 1' said Jacob, fiercely ; Thou knowest thou hast lied ; Surely the devil possesseth thee 1' And he smote.him from his side. 44 The sweet romancer staggered Into my waiting arms, And I kissed his cheeks without a fear Of Satan or his oharms. 44 That night he lay in a fever, And raved of his golden horse ; And Jacob sat and watched by him, In a helpless, dnmb remorse. 44 But my soul was in rebellion, For how could a child of prayer, With the lore of his mother in his heart, Be taken in such a snare ? 44 Thou believest that Mother Sewall Rideth a broom,' said I ; But thy darling talks of hi3 golden horse, And shout ,mitest him for a lie. 44 4 And I think, of the two, thou sinneat Against thy God the most ; For I judge thou ohargest the evil one With the work of the Holy Ghost !' 44 Bat I begged my husband's pardon, For he was sore distranght ; And would never leave the darling's bed, Though often I besought. 44 Long days and nights thereafter, In his dream the sweet lad lay, But his fancy was on its journeying, And always far away. 44 And he spok9 of wondrous countries Through which his journey led, On his golden horse with the silver tail, And the mane of silver thread. ' Till Jacob and I believed him, And would not have marvelled much, Had the golden creature revealed hiruse To our credulous sight and tonoh. 44 But weaker he grew and weaker, Until there came in hi3 eye A look so weary and worn, we knew Our little boy would die. One still and cloudy midnight He woke and gazed around, And said that lie heard his golden horse Pawing the pasture- ground. 44 1 think 'twas a bolt of thunder Shot by a distant "shower, That shook the earth and the window-sash In the last throe of its power. 44 And I think it was the lightning That cheated oar straining eyes ; But it seemed as if a beauteous horse Entered in golden guise. 44 Breathing a flame from his nostrils. And pausing by the bad ; When the child sprang np with a cry of joy And sank on his pillow, dead. 44 And then, on the second morning, We bore him to the grave — > The child that we were unfit to keep, And had no power to save. 44 But iu the long procession, No eyes but ours could see The wondrous figure we beheld Leading the company. 44 For following hard the neighbours Who bore the precious corse, Rode little Paul right gallantly Upon his golden horse. 44 1 saw him just as plainly - As e'er I saw a flame ; And he nodded to me with a smile, And Jacob saw the same." IV. The story and feast are ended, Aud forth from the open door, With eyelids wide and faces flushed, The guests of the evening pour. The sun in the west is setting, Aud bathing each farm and fold With the lifted dust of the village ways In an atmosphere of gold. Now what is that in the distance Which catches each gazing eye ? 'Tis a flurry of dust that travels fast, Like a whirlwind from the sky I Nearer it comes, and nearer, Till all the gazers know That a horse i« running without a man Behind the saddle-bow I He courses along the highway Taat leads across the plain, And they hear the beat oi his heavy feeil As he rushes down the lane. And, leaning on Miriam Winship, A cry in ber frightened breath, The good wife Hurd knows well that the horse Is the messenger of death ; And that somewhere among the shadows Her husband lies apart, With the scalp-lock riven from his head And an arrow in his heart. And the women scream in wonder, For all can plainly see Tnat a little rid with a smiling face Bestrides the saddle-tree. Ha tosses a kiss to his mother, He tenderly oows to all, Aud they know that their eyes',behold indeed Tne spirit of little Paul. The horse flies by tho cottage, And into his pasture home, Yellow and bright iu che sunset gold, And spotted with silver foam. And the women hasten homeward, Among tho dropping dews, io tell ot cue marvels ta«y have seen, And to bear the Heavy uews. But Miriam passeth inward, Her hand in goodwife Hunt's, And readeth there, for tier comforting, The Bible's gracioas words. Then reverently she kueeleth And uttereth a prayer, That the cuildless aud the widowed ona Might have the Father's care. But e'er her prayer she endeth, With fervent voice sua saith ; 44 Oh, punish not our blundering more With chastisement of deatu I 14 But when Thou sondes! poet3 To such dull folk as we, Inspire our blind and doubting eyea To know them when yre ssel" S'.riiimrs Maywm 