The Storyteller. Vixen.* CHAPTER VI. BORIE HAS PLANS OF HIS OWN. BY MISS BRADDON, AUTHORESS OF "AURORA FLOYD," &c.;, &c.; RODERICK VAWDREY'S ideas of what was due to a young man who attains his majority were in no wise satisfied by his birthday dinner party. It had been pleasant enough in its way, but far too much after the pattern of all other dinner parties to please a young man who hated all common and hackneyed things, and all the beaten tracks of life—or who, at any rate, fancied he did, which comes to nearly the same thing. " Mother," he began at breakfast next morn* ing, in his loud cheery voice, "we must hate something for the small tenants, and shop* keepers, and cottagers." " What do you mean, Roderick ?" " Some kind of entertainment to celebrate my majority. The people will expect it Last night polished off the swells very nicely. The whole thing did you credit, mother." " Thank you," said Lady Jane, with a slight contraction of her thin lips. This October morning, so pleasant for Rorie, was rather a bitter day for his mother. She had been reigning sovereign at Briarwood hitherto ; henceforth jhe could only live there on suffer ance. Theiouse was RorieI*. Even the orchid houses were his. He might take her to taak if he pleased for having spent so much money on glass. " But I must have my humble friends round me," continued Rorie. "The young people, too —the boy* and girls. I'll tell you what, mother. We must have a meet The hounds have never met here since my grandfather's time—fifty years ago. The duke's studgroom was telling me about it last year. He's a Hampshire man, you know, born and bred in the Forest We'll Lave a meet and a hunting breakfast; and it shall be open house for everyone—high and low, rich and poor, gentle and simple. Don't be frightened, mother," interjected Rorie, seeing Lady Jane's look of horror ; " we won't do any mischief. Tour gardens shall be respected." " They are your gardens now, Roderick. You are sole master here, and can do what you please." " My dear mother, how can you talk like that ? Do you suppose I shall ever forget who made the place what it is ? The gardens have been your pet hobby, and they shall be your gardens to the end of time." "That is very generous of you, my dear Roderick; but you are promising too much. When you marry, your wife will be mistress of Briarwood, and it will be necessary for me to find a new home." "lamin no hurry to get married. It will be half-a-dozen years before I shall even think of anything so desperate." "I hope not, Roderick. With your position and your responsibilt.es you ought to marry young. Marriage—a suitable marriage, that Im to say—would give you an incentive to earnest ness and ambition. I want to see you follow in jour father's footsteps; I want you to make a name by-and-by." "I'm afraid it will be a distantby-and-by," said Rorie, with a yawn. "I don't feel at all drawn towards the senate. I love the country, my dogs, my horses, the free fresh air, the stir and movement of life, too well to pen myself up in a study and pore over blue-books, or to waste the summer evenings listening to the member lor little Peddlington laying down the law about combination drainage or local government I'm afraid it isn't in me, mother, and that you'll be disappointed if you set your heart upon my making a figure as a senator." "I should like to see you worthy of your father's name," Lady Jane said, with a regretful ■igh. "Providence hasn't made me in the same pattern," answered Rorie. " Look at my grand father's portrait over the sideboard, in pink and mahogany tops. What a glorious old fellow he must have been. You should hear how the old people talk of him. I think I inherit his tastes, instead of my father's. Perhaps, if I have a son he will be a heaven-born statesman, and you may have your ambition gratified by a grandson. And now about the hunting breakfast Would this day week suit you V " This is your house, Roderick. It is for you to give your orders." " Bosh!" exclaimed the son, impatiently. "Don't I tell you that you are mistress here, and will be mistress " " My dear Roderick, let us look things straight in the face," said Lady Jane. "If I were sole mistress here there would be no hunting break fast It is just the very last kind of entertain ment I should ever dream of giving. I am not complaining, mind. It is natural enough for you to like that kind of thing ; and, as master of this house, it ifl your right to invite whomso ever you please. I am quite happy that it should be so, but let there be no more talk about my being mistress of this house. That is too absurd." Rorie felt all his most generous impulses turned to a sense of constraint and bitterness. He could say no more. " Will you give me a list of the people you would like to be asked ?" said his mother, after an uncomfortable silence. "I'll go and talk it over with the duke," answered Rorie. " He'll enter into the spirit of the thing." Rorie found the duke going the round of his loose boxes, and uncle and nephew spent an hour together pleasantly, overhauling the tine stud of hunters which the duke kept at Aahbourne, and going round the paddocks to look at the brood mares and their foals ; these latter being eccen tric little animals, all head and legs, whicH nestled close to the mother's side for a minute, and then took fright at their own tails and shot off across the field, like a skyrocket travelling horizontally, or suddenly stood up on end, and executed a wild waltz in mid air. The duke and Roderick decided which among these leggy little beasts had the elements of future excellence; and, after an hour's peram bulation of the paddocks, went to the house, where they found the duchess and Lady Mabel In the morning room : the duchess busy making scarlet cloth cloaks for her school children, Lady Mabel reading a German critic on Shakapeare. Here the hunt breakfast waa fully diacuaaed. Everybody waa to be aaked. The duchess put in a plea for her school children. It would be such a treat for the little things to Bee the meet, and their cloaks and hoods would look so pretty on the lawn. " Let them come, by all means," said Roderick; "your school—half-a-dozen schools. I'll have three or four tents rigged up for refreshments. There shall be plenty to eat and drink for every body. And now I'm off to the Tempests', to arrange about the hounds. The squire will be pleased, I know." "Of course," said Lady Mabel, "and the squire's daughter." " Dear little thing," exclaimed Rorie, with an elder brother's tenderness ; " she'll be as pleased as Punch. " You'll hunt, of course, Mabel ?" "I don't know ; I don't shine in the field, as Miss Tempest does." " Oh, but you must come, Mab. The duke will find you a safe mount." " She has a hunter I bred on purpose for her," said the duke : "but she'll never be such a horsewoman as her mother." " She looks lovely on Mazeppa," said Rorie : " and she must come to my hunting breakfast." "Of course, Rorie, if you wish I shall come." Rorie stayed to luncheon, and then went back to Briarwood to mount his horse and ride to the Abbey House. The afternoon was drawing in when Rorie rode up to the old Tudor porch—soft, sunless, gray afternoon. The door stood open, and he Baw the glow of the logs on the wide hearth, and the squire's stalwart figure sitting in the great armchair, leaning forward with a newspaper across his knee, and Vixen on a stool at his feet, the dogs grouped about them. " Shall I send my horse round to the Btables, squire t" asked Rorie. " Do, my lad," answered Mr. Tempest, ringing the bell, at which summons a man appeared, and took charge of Roderick's tall chestnut. " Been hunting to-day, squire V asked Rorie, when he had shaken hands with Mr. Tempest and his daughter, and seated himself on the opposite side of the hearth. " No," answered the squire, in a voice that had a duller sound than usual. "We had the hounds out this morning, at Hilberry green, and there was a good muster, Jack Purdy says; but I felt out of sorts, and neither Vixen nor I went. It was a loss for Vixen; poor little girl." "It was a grief to see you ill, papa," said Violet, nestling closer to him. She had hardly taken any notice of Roderick to-day, >haking hands with him in an absent minded way, evidently full of anxiety about her father. She was very pale, and looked older and more womanly than when he saw her last, Roderick thought. " I'm not ill, my dear," said the squire, " only a little muddled and queer in my head; been riding too hard lately, perhaps. I don't get lighter, you know, Rorie, and a quick run shakes me more than it used. Old Martin, cur family doctor, has been against my hunting for a long time; but I should like to know what kind of life men of my age would lead if they listened to the doctors. They wouldn't let us have a decent dinner." " I'm so sorry," said Bone ; " I came to ask you a favor, and now I feel as if I hardly ought to say anything about it" And then Roderick proceeded to tell the squire his views about a meet for Briarwood, and a hunting breakfast for rich and poor. "It shall be done, my boy," answered the squire heartily. " It's just the sort of thing you ought to do to make younwlf popular. Lady Jane is a charming woman, you know, thorough* bred to the finger-nails; but she has kept henelf a little too much to herself. There are people old enough to remember what Briarwood was in your grandfather's time. This day week, you say. I'll arrange everything. We'll have such a gathering as hasn't been seen for the last twenty years." " Vixen must come with you," said Rorie. "Of course." " If papa is well and strong enough to hunt." "My love, there is nothing amiss with me— nothing that need trouble me this day week A man may have a headache, mayn't he, child, without people making any fuss about it ?" " I should like you to see Dr. Martin, papa. Don't you think he ought to see the doctor, Rorie. It's not natural for him to be ill." " I'm not going to be put upon half rations, Vixen. Martin would starve me; that's his only idea of medical treatment. Tea, Vixen shall come, Rorie." Ghafteb VII. vixen's first sorrow. The morning of the Briarwood Meet dawned fairly. Roderick watched the first lifting of the darkness from his bedroom window, and rejoiced in the promise of a fine day. The heavens, which had been bo unpropitious on his birthday, seemed to promise better things to-day. He did not desire the traditional hunting morning—a southerly wind and a cloudy Bky. He cared very little about the scent lying well, or the actual result of the day's sport. He wanted rather to see the kind familiar faces round him ; the autumn sunshine lighting up all the glow and color of the picture, the red-coats, the rich bay and brown of the horses, the verdant back ground of lawn and shrubberies. Two huge marquees had been erected for the commonalty ; one for the school-children, the other for the villagers. There were long tables in the billiard room for the farming clasH, and for the quality there was the horseshoe table in the diningroom, as at Roderick's birthday. But on this occasion the table was decorated only with hardy ferns and flowers. The orchids were not allowed to appear. Roderick noticed the omission. " Why, where are the thing-um-tites, mother V he asked, with some surprise ; " the pitcher plants, and tropical whata-its-names ?" " I did not think there was any occasion to have them brought out of the houses, Roderick," Lady Jane answered quietly ; " there is always a risk of their being killed; or some of your sporting friends might be picking my prize blossoms to put in their button-holes. Men who give their minds to honem would hardly appreciate orchids." " All right, mother. As long aa there is plenty to eat, I don't suppose it much matters,' answered Rorie. He had certainly no cause for complaint upon this score. Briarwood had been amply provi sioned for an unlimited hospitality. The red coats, and green coats, and blue coats came in and out, slashed away at boar's head and truffled turkey, sent champagne corks flying, and added more dead men to the formidable corps of tall hock bottles, dressed in uniform brown, which the astonished butler ranged rank and file in a lobby outside the diningroom. He had never seen this kind of thing at Briarwood since he had kept the keys of the cellars ; and he looked upon this promiscuous hospitality with a dis approving eye. The duke supported his nephew admirably, and was hail-fellow- well-met with everybody. He had always been popular at Ashbourne. It was his own place, his particular selection, bought with his own money, improved under his own eye, and he liked it better than any of his hereditary seats. " If I had only a son like you, Rorie," he said, as he stood beside the young man, on the gravel sweep before the hall-door, welcoming the new comers, " I should have been a happy ma». Well, I suppose I must be satisfied with a grand son, but it's a hard thing that the title and estates are to go to that scamp of a cousin of mine." Roderick, on this particular morning, was a nephew whom any uncle might be proud to own. His red coat and buckskins became him; so did his position as host and master at Briarwood. His tall erect figure showed to advantage amidst the crowd. His smile lit up the dark sunburnt face like sunshine. He had a kind word, a friendly hand-clasp, for everybody—even for gaffere and goodies who had hobbled from their village shanties to see the sport, and to get their share of cold sirloin and old October. He took the feeble old creatures into the tent, and saw that they got a place at the board. Squire Tempest and his daughter were among the later arrivals. The meet was to be at h and they only rode into the grounds at half past 12, when everyone else nad breakfasted, Mrs. Tempest had not come. The entertainment was much too early for a lady who never left her rooms till after noon. Vixen looked lovely in her smart little habit It was not the Lincoln green with the brass buttons, which Lady Mabel had laughed at a year ago. To-day Miss Tempest wore a dark brown habit, moulded to the foil erect figure, with a narrow rim of white at the throat, a little felt hat of the same dark brown, with a brown feather, long white gauntlets, and a Whip with an ivory handle. The golden bay's shining coat matched Violet's shining hair. It was the prettiest picture in the world, the little rider in dark brown on the bright bay horse, the daintily Quilted saddle, the gauntleted hands playing so lightly with the horse's velvet mouth—horse and rider devotedly attached to each other. . "How do you like him ?" atked Vixen, directly she and Rorie had shaken h*ndir. " Isn't he absolutely lovely f "Absolutely lovely1," said Rorie, patting the horse's shoulder and looking at the rider. " Papa gave him to me on my last birthday. I was to have ridden Titmouse another year; but I got the brush one day after a hard run. when almost everybody else was left bebinA and papa said I should have the horse. Poor Titmouse is put into a basket-chaise. Isn't it sad for him?" "Awfully humiliating." Lady Mabel was close by on her chestnut thoroughbred, severely costumed in darkest blue and chimney-pot hat " I don't think you've ever met my cousin ?" said Rorie. " Mabel, this is Miss Tempest, whom you've heard me talk about Miss Tempest, Lady Mabel Ashbourne." Violet Tempest gave a startled look, and blushed crimson. Then the two girls bowed and smiled : a constrained smle on Vixen's part, a prim and chilly smile from Lady MabeL " I want you two to be awful good friends," said Rorie; " and when you come out, Vixeil. Lady Mabel will take you under her wing. Shi knows everybody, and the right thing to be done on every occasion." Vixen turned from red to pale, and said nothing. Lady Mabel looked at the distant blue line of the Wight, and murmured that she would be happy to be of use to Miss Tempest it ever they met in London. Rorie felt, somehow, that it was not encouraging. Vixen stole a glance at her rival. Yes, she was pretty -a delicate patri cian beauty that Vixen had never seen before. No wonder Rorie was in love with her. Where else could he have seen anything so exquisite ? It was the most natural thing in the world that these cousins should be fond of each other, and engaged to be married. Vixen wondered that the thing had never occurred to her as inevitable —that it should have come upon her as a blow at the last. " I think Rorie ought to have told me," she said to herself. "He is like my brother ; and a brother would not hide his love affairs from his sister. It was rather mean of Rorie." The business of the day began presently. Neither Vixen nor the squire dismounted. They had breakfasted at home ; and Vixen, who did not care much for Lady Jane Vawdrey, was glad to escape with oo further communication than a smile and a bow. At a quarter-past 1 they were all riding away towards the forest, and presently the serious business begun. Vixen and her father were riding Bide by side. " How pale you look, papa. Is your head bad again to-day ?" "Yes, my dear. I'm afraid I've started a chronic headache. But the fresh air will blow it away presently, I daresay. You're not looking over well yourself, Vixen. What have you done with your roses ?" " I—I —don't care much about hunting to-day, papa," said Violet, sudden tears rushing into her eyes. "Shall we go home together? You're not well, and I'm not enjoying myself. Nobody wants us, either ; so why should we stay ?" Rorie was a little way behind them, taking care of Lady Mabel, whose slim-legged chestnut went through as many manoeuvres as if he had been doing the business in a circus, and got over the ground very slowly. " Nonsense, child! Go back ! I should think not I We shall find down in Dingley Bottom, I daresay, and get a capital run acrou the hills to Beaulieu." They found just as the Bquire had anticipated, and alter that there waß a hard ran for the next hour and a quarter. Roderick was at the heel of the hunt all the time, opening gates, and keeping his cousin out of bogs and dangers of all kinds. They killed at last on a wild bit of common near Beaulieu, and there were only a few in at the death, amongst them Vixen on her fast young bay, flushed with excitement and triumph by this time, and forgetting all her troubles in the delight of winning one of the pads. Mrs. Millington, the famous huntress from the shires, was there to claim the brußh. M How tired you look, papa !" said Vixen, as they rode quietly homewards. " A little done up, my dear, but a good dinner will set me all right again. It was a capital run, and your horse behaved beautifully. I don't think I made a bad choice for you. Rorie and his cousin were miles behind, I daresay. Pretty girl, and sits her horse like a picture—but she can't ride. We shall meet them going home, perhaps." A mile or two farther on they met Roderick •lone. His cousin had gone home with her father. " It was rather a bore losing the run," he said, as he turned his horse's head and rode by Vixen, " but I was obliged to take care of my cousin." One of the squire's tenants, a seventeen-stone farmer, on a stout gray cob, overtook them pre sently, and Mr. Tempest rode on by bis side, talking agricultural talk about over-fed beasts and cattle shows, the last popular form of cruelty to animals. Roderick and Violet were alone, riding slowly side by side in the darkening gray, between woods where solitary robins carolled sweetly, or the rare gurgle of the thrush sounded now and then from thickets, beech, and holly. A faint color came back to Vixen's cheek. She was very angry with her play-fellow for his want of confidence, for his unfriendly reserve. Jet this was the one happy hour of her day. There had been a flavor of desolateness and abandonment in all the rest " I hope you enjoyed the run," Baid Rorie. " I don't think you can care much whether we did or didn't," retorted Vixen, Bbrouding her personality in a vague plural. "If you had cared you would have been with us. Sultan," meaning the tall cheatuut, " mußt have felt cruelly humiliated by being kept so far behind." " If a man could be in two places at once, half of me, the better half of me, would have been with you, Vixen ; but I was bound to take care of my cousin. I had insisted upon her coming." "Of course," answered Vixen, with a little toss of her bead: "it would have been quite wrong if she had been absent." They rode on in silence for a little while after this. Vixen was longing to say : " Rorie, you have treated me very badly. You ought to have told me you were going to be married." But something restrained her. She patted her horse's neck, listened to the lonely robins, and said not a word. The squire and his tenant were a hundred yards ahead, talking loudly. Presently they came to a point at which their road* parted, but Rorie still rode on by Vixen. " Isn't that your nearest way ?" asked Vixen pointing down the cross-road with the ivory handle of her whip. "I am not going the nearest way. lam going to the Abbey House with you." " I wouldn't be so rude as to say don't. But I thiak poor Sultan must be tired.' 7 "Sultan shall have an off-day to-morrow." They went into an oak plantation, where a broad opening led from one side of an enclosure to the other. The wood had a mysterious look in the late afternoon, when the shadowß wore thickening under the tall thin trees. There was an all-pervading ghostly graynesa as in a shadowy underworld. They rode silently over the thick wet carpet of fallen leaves, the horses starting a little now and then at the aspect of a newly barked trunk lying white across the track. They were silent, having in Booth very little to say to each other just at this time. Vixen was nursing her wrathful feelings ; Rorie felt that his future was confused and obscure. He ought to do some thing with his life, perhaps, as Mb mother had so warmly urged. But his boul was stirred by no ambitious promptings. They were within two hundred yards of the gate at the end of the enclosure, when Vixen gave a sudden cry : "Did papa's horse slip?" she asked; "look how he sways in hia saddle." Another instant, ar.d the squire reeled forward and fell headforemost across bis horse's shoulder. The fall was bo sudden and bo heavy that the horse fell with him, and then scrambled up on to his feet again affrighted, swung himself round, and rushed past Roderick and Vixen along the splashing track. Vixen was off her horse in a moment, and had flown to her father's Bide. He lay like a log, face downwards, upon the aoddened leaves just inside the gate. The farmer had dismounted and was stooping over him, bridle in hand, with a frightened face. "Oh, what i» it?" cried Violet, frantically. " Did the horse throw him ?—Bullfinch, his favorite horse. Is he much hurt ? Oh, help me to lift him up—help me—help me !" Rorie was by her side by this time, kneeling down with her beside the prostrate squire, trying to raise the heavy figure which lay like lead across bis arm. " It wasn't the horse, miBS," said the farmer. *' I'm afraid it's a Beizure." "A fit," cried Vixen. "Oh, papa, papa,— drilling—darliug " Sho was sobbing, clinging to him, trembling like a leaf, and turning a white stricken face up towards Roderick. " Do something to help him—for God's sake do something," she cried : " you won't let him lio there and die for want of help. Some brandy —something," she gasped, stretching out her trembliug hand. The farmer had anticipated her thought. He had taken bis flask from the saddle pocket, and was kneeling down by the Bquire. Roderick had lifted the heavy head, and turned the ghastly face to the waning light He tried to force a little brandy between the livid lips—but vainly. " For God's sake get her away," he whispered to John Wimble, the farmer. "It's all over with him." " Come away with me, my dear Miss Tempest, said Wimble, trying to raise Violet from her knees beside the squire. She was gazing into that awful face distractedly—half divining its solemn meaning—yet watching for the kind eyes to open and look at her again. " Come away with me and we will got a doctor. Mr. Vawdrey will take care of your father." " You go for the doctor," she answered firmly. " I'll ntuy with. papa. Take my horse, he's faster than your*. Oh, he'll carry you well enough. You don't know how strong he is—go, quick— quick—Dr. Martin, at Lyndhurst—lt's a long way, but you must get him. Papa will recover, and be able to ride home, perhaps, before you can get back to us, but go, go!" " You go for the doctor, miss ; your horse will carry you fast enough. He'd never carry such a heavy weight as me, and my cob is dead beat. You go, and Mr. Vawdrey will go with you. I'll take care of the squire." Violet looked from one to the other helplessly. " I'd ratber Btay with papa," she said. "You go, Rorie—yes—go, go. I'll stay with papa." She crouched down beside the prostrate figure on the damp marshy ground, took the heavy head on her lap, and looked up at the two men with a pale act face which indicated a resolve that neither of them was strong enough to overrule. They tried their utmost to persuade her, but in vain. She was fixed as a new Niobe—a stony image of young despair. So Roderick mounted his horse and rode off to Lyndhurst, and honest Jack Wimble tied the other two horses to the gate, and took his stand beside them a few paces from those two motionless figures on the ground, patiently waiting for the issue of this bitter hour. It was one of the longest, weariest, saddest hours that ever youth and hope lived through. There was an awful heart-sickening fear in Violet's mind, but ahe gave it no definite shape. She would not say to herself: My father is dead. The position in which he was lying ham pered her arms so that Bhe could not reach out her hand to lay it upon his heart. She bent her face down to his lipß. Oh, Qod! not a flutter stirred upon her soft oheek as she laid it against the open mouth. The lower jaw had fallen in an awful-looking way ; but Violet had Been her father look like that sometimes aa he slept, with open mouth, before the hall fire. It might be only • long swoon, a suspension of consciousness. Dr. Martin would come presently—ob, how long, how long the time Beemed I—and make all things right. The crescent moon Bhone silver pale above that gray wood. The barked trunks gleamed white and phantom-like in the gathering dark. Owls began to hoot in the distance, frogs were awaking near at hand, belated rabbits flitted ghost-like across the track. All nature seemed of one gray shadowy hue—silvery where the moonbeams felL The October air was chill and penetrating. There was a dull aching in Violet's limbs from the weight of her burden, but she was hardly conscious of physical pain. It seemed to her that she had been sitting there for hours waiting for the doctor's help. She thought the night must have nearly worn itself out " Dr. Martin could not have been at home, she said, speaking for the first time since Roderick rode away. " Mr. Vawdrey would fetch someone else, Burely." "My dear young lady, he hasn't had time to ride to Lyndhurst yet." "Not yet," cried Vixen, despairingly, "not yetf And it has been so long. Papa is getting so cold. The chill has been bo bad for him." M Worse for you, miss; I do wish you'd let me take you home." " And leave papa here—alone—unconscious ! How can you be so cruel as to think of such a thing ?" " Dear Miss Tempest, we're not doing him any good, and you may be getting a chul that will be nigh your death. If you would only go home to your mamma, now —it's hard upon her not to know—Bhe'll be fretting about you, I daresay." " Don't waste your breath talking to me, cried Vixen, indignantly " I shall not leave this spot till papa goes with me." They waited for another quarter of an hour in dismal silence. The horses gnawed the lower branches of the trees, and gave occasional evi dence of their impatience. Bullfinch had gone home to his stable no doubt They were only about a mile-and-a-half from the Abbey House. Hark ! what was that ? The Bplish-splash of horse's hoofß on the soft turf. Another minute and Rorie rode up to the gate with a Btranger. " I was lucky enough to meet this gentleman," he aaid, " a doctor from Southampton, who was at the hunt to-day. Violet, dear, will you let me take you home now, and leave the doctor and Mr. Wimble with your father ?" " No," answered Vixen decisively. The strange doctor knelt down and looked at his patient. He was a middle-aged man, grave looking, with iron-gray hair—a man who im pressed Vixen with a sense of power and autho rity. She looked at him silently, with a despair ing appealing look that thrilled him, used as he was to such lookß. He made his examination quietly, saying not a word, and keeping his face hidden. Then he turned to the two men who were standing close by, watching him anxiously. " You must get some kind of litter to carry him home," he whispered. And then with gentle firmneßS, with strong irresistible hands, he separated the living from tho dead, lifted Violet from the ground and led her to her hone. " You must let Mr. Vawdrey take you home, my dear young hdy," he said. " You can do nothing here." "But you—you can do something," sobbed Viokt, "you can bring him back to life— you " "I will do all that can be done," answered the doctor gently. His tone told more than his words. She gave one wild shriek, and threw herself down beside her dead father. A cloud came over the dis tracted brain, and she lay there senseless. The doctor and Rorie lifted her up and carried her to the gate where her horse was waiting. The doctor forced a little brandy through the looked lips, and between them Rone and he placed her in the saddle. She had just consciousness enough by this time to hold her reins mechani cally, and to sit upright on her hone ; and, thus led by Roderick, she rode slowly back to the home that was never any more to be the same borne that she had known and lived in through the jnyoi» sixteen years of her life. AU things were to be different to her henceforward. The joy of life was broken Bhort off, like a flower ■napped from its stem. ("TO BK CONTINOID.) 