COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE UNION. (From our own correspondent.) 19th February. There are occasions on which a reporter may be excused for referring to the weather, and last week was one of them. For the past six weeks we have had very heavy showers, and considerably frequent—strong enough, at least, to flood the creeks and carry away any vegetation existing near the banks. On Friday evening, however, the weather culminated in a regular set-in, and rain has been falling for three days without intermission, not drizzling Scotch mists, but regular sheets of water, carrying everything before it. The McKinlay has flooded its banks, and Mr Scott’s battery is under water, while the Chinamen’s gardens are one transparent lake. Those who managed to come in from the Twelve-mile during the week are compelled to remain here, whilst those who would pass from there to here are obliged to give up the idea. During Saturday night, about eleven o’clock, the rain was accompanied by a cyclone, which stripped iron roofs, overthrew tents, demolished gardens, and, in fact, did everything only throw down stacks of chimneys. The damage to property would have been immense if we had any to lose, having none, we are comforted; but we believe that if the same storm swept over Palmerston it would have cariied everything valuable into the bay. We have just been cheered with the intelligence that the Driffield is a complete failure, when we perceive ominous signs from the Twelve-mile that all is not gold that glitters. The Europeans there say it is a duffer, but somehow or another there is a large amount of sheet lightning consumed, and in a good many cases there’s more time spent on the spree than in raising or washing dirt. Provisions are very high there, and so is grog, and men who don’t work more than two days in the week are not likely to knock out tucker, although they may knock it down. There are certainly steady, sober, economical men who are unlucky, but on all goldfields there have been men unlucky, and very often the best men are the worst off. One European party have just finished washing, and got 66 ounces where they expected to get 600. The population all round the Union district is over four hundred, and the amount of alluvial gold passing through the post office is, on an average, one hundred ounces a week, and as Chinamen, especially, keep all gold beyond what is required for provisions, it will be fair to say that there is another one hundred ounces raised, and that the average is about half-an- ounce a man. This is not much with rice one shilling and sixpence a pound, and meat two shillings and threepence a pound, but with provisions at southern rates it would be a very good paying field, although not permanent. There is a police station established on the Twelve-mile, and Mr Clyma finds he has no sinecure. Chinamen will pick and steal from one another, and sometimes they are caught in the act. Two more of the notorious gang were brought to the Shackle by Mr Clyma a few days ago, and were committed to the Circuit Court. 24th February. In my last I mentioned that we had not lost much property on the Union, and as far as our minature township is concerned that may be true, but some of our few residents, I find, sustained severe losses for all that. Ping Que’s losses make a history in themselves. In the first place he, under European advice, thought that the Englishmen on the Driffield last season had not given that district a fair trial, and that a field which Europeans might condemn might pay Chinamen in the wet season; and so he equipped and started 150 men, and 15 tons of stores, to the new field, and made all preparations for the wet season by erecting stores, building huts, etc. The rain was not propitious. It hung back for six weeks, so that the new prospectors had to be supported for that time before they had an opportunity of trying the ground. When the rain did come, in January, it was not in fits and starts it fell, but it came down regularly and constantly. There was ample opportunity for proving the ground, and what they did prove was a duffer. The Chinamen became disgusted, and in two weeks they abandoned the place. The next difficulty was to take the stores down to Pine Creek. The wet had set in in earnest, and no carriers would attempt the road. The only resource was packing, and some 50 Chinamen and 8 horses were, after some trouble, set to work to remove the goods, traps, and paraphanalia to the nearest settlement. Camps were formed at the Fergusson and the Cullen, and everything had been brought down as far as the latter camp on Saturday, the 15th instant, when rain and storm set in with unprecedented violence, and in a few hours the water rose to a height of 20 ft. All the stores which had just been brought down were swept away, and the men narrowly escaped with their lives. Messrs Tennant and Bennett, the only Europeans there at the time, state that the force of the flood was something extraordinary. Some had undressed, and gone to bed, thinking the water would not rise any higher, and very soon found the beds washed from under them, and as there was no chance of finding their clothes they had to remain naked all night; they had both to swim to high ground. Fortunately Mr H. Harrison and J. Rennie had a load of goods on their drays on this side of the Cullen, and this was saved, but fully five tons of pork, fish, rice, aud other provisions went hopelessly down the river, and so terminated Mr Ping Que’s Driffield speculation. On the same night the Granite Crossing Hotel was submerged, and 5 tons of Mr Scott’s stores damaged. The landlord, Mr James Burton, was confined to his bunk at the time with rheumatics, and it is said he had to hold hard by the ropes or he would have been swept down to the Cullen. The Chinese gardens are destroyed in all quarters, and sweet potatoes will be scarce. In fact, from the reports of various losses and general damage inflicted, provisions of all kinds will be much scarcer than was anticipated. Pine Creek is now all the attraction, and the Chinamen are assembling there in hundreds from the Twelve-mile and all other quarters. One party of four is said to have made 20 ounces in a week, and that is sufficient inducement for the others now there’s six or eight hundred to try their luck. They will require to make hay while the sun shines there, or rather, gold while the rain falls, for water does not last long in that quarter. While I am writing the rain is coming down as usual, in torrents, and there is no provident Noah getting a boat ready. YAM CREEK. (From our own Correspondent.) 17th February. You may have some wet down in Palmerston, but I think we are the “wetteruns.” For the twenty-four hours from Saturday to Sunday morning, we had nine inches and a half of rain! The roads are lovely, and the teamsters are dumb and resigned, having used up all the oaths in and out of the dictionary. I can forgive them for anything, for verily they are having deuced hard times. The bridge over Sandy Creek has been undermined, and is in a dangerous condition, and I shall not be surprised to hear of other bridges being seriously damaged. The massive dam at the Union Battery is injured, but I do not know how far. A poor Chinese gardener on Yam Creek has been carried away by the flood, and doubtless drowned. As to the gardens on the alluvial flats, they are all washed clean of their produce. Every place is in a state of awful muck and mess, and nothing is dry. I like a wet season in reason, but this is just a trifle too much of a good thing. I am sincerely sorry for the Chinese gardeners, who have lost all the produce of their labour; moreover, the disaster affects the whole community, for being very short of flour we were relying on a large supply of sweet potatoes. A great many people up-country are on the sick list, most of them suffering from a kind of low fever, quite different from our old friend, “fever and ague,” which we know how to deal with. This low fever hangs about one; sometimes a man is well for several days, and then falls back weak and listless, the prevailing feeling being to lie down, eat nothing, and do nothing. It would, of course, be absurd to tell a working miner that he must keep out of the wet, because his livelihood depends on his being an “amphibious animal;” but I would strongly urge the desirability of putting on dry clothes directly he returns to his hut. A man may work in water, and suffer no harm; it is when he has ceased active work and sits or stands about in his wet clothes that the mischief begins do work, and the seeds sown for fever and rheumatism. I hear, from the Warden, that on Thursday last he was suddenly called upon to deal with a bad case of pro lapsus ani, and the patient being very weak made the matter more serious than usual. The Warden not being profound in his view of the surgical aspect of the treatment, fell back on his knowledge as a late lecturer on Civil Engineering and Practical Mechanics at the University of Melbourne, and happily devised a plan by which the sufferer was relieved from his torture; but the Warden added, most prayerfully, that he hoped to heaven he might not have any more of such cases to handle. We have been kept in a state of anxiety from Tuesday to Saturday last, by the disappearance of a somewhat eccentric young man locally known as the “steam engine.” He was supposed to have gone out prospecting in the neighbourhood of Sandy Creek, and as he took no provisions with him, and did not return to his camp, the conclusion arrived at was that he had lost himself. The matter was reported to the police, and a search was made on Thursday and Friday without success; on Saturday the hunt was renewed, when the missing man was found comfortably ensconced at Mr McKean’s camp at the Fountain Head. Not many weeks ago my friend, the “steam engine,” went out prospecting about Pine Creek, and as he did not return when expected, a searching party was formed to look for the lost sheep; he was found at last, not in a comfortable camp, for he had been without food for about two days. Now, from what I hear, my friend, the “steam engine,” is just about as fit to go into the bush as I am, and should not trust himself off a well- beaten track. In the present boggy state of the country, looking for a lost man is nearly as bad as being lost, and I must beg of the “steam engine” to consider the sufferings of those heroic fellows who volunteered to hunt for him. I saw one of these good hearted men on Friday night, drenched with rain, and as pale as a ghost—he had been out all day, and without food. The feeling on Pine Creek and Yam Creek is, that if the “steam engine” chooses to moon about the country any more he may do so at his own risk and peril, for I do not believe that volunteers will again come forward to trace the course of the erratic individual referred to. 24th February. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday were fine days, so your own correspondent and his brother Yam Creekers turned themselves, their bedding, and household effects in general, out to dry, and the airing has been most beneficial. Providence took especial care of the Miners Hospital; just where the beds were placed the roof kept out the pouring rain, but everywhere else there were great puddles of water, better fitted for indisposed alligators than human beings to shelter in. I understand that the Warden proposes to ask the Government Resident’s permission to remove the sound materials of the existing building, and re-erect them on a higher and drier site, the present situation at the foot of a hill being too damp and wet for sanitary purposes. Although the hospital was pretty moist there were other establishments that were moister. At the Bridge Creek Hotel, I am told, there was 18 inches of water over the floor, while at the Granite Crossing my gallant friend, Captain Burton, R.N., was nearly absorbed by the pluvial downpour. When the gallant captain found the water up to the level of the bar counter he began to think it high time to consider the question of personal safety. Being in possesssion of two ladders, he placed one across the the beams of his ‘chateau,’ and the other in a position wherewith to ascend to his temporary resting place; the captain provided himself with a short and a long piece of candle, as well as a tomahawk, to cut his way through the bark roof in the event of the water involving a loftier retreat. Thus prepared for the worst my friend ascended the ladder, and “waited for the verdict.” Before long the stump of candle was burned out, when lo! the whole candle in reserve tumbled into the water below, and then the beflooded Burton was left in total darkness. In this happy plight he drooped his arm over the horizontal ladder which supported him, moving it like a pendulum to ascertain whether the “tide was rising.” It is a good job the captain was not drowned, but I am sorry to say that a large quantity of rice, belonging to Mr James Scott, which was stored in the hotel, was almost all spoiled. Fate has been hard upon the enterprising and energetic Ping Que, the large venture he made in sending up a great quantity of stores to the Driffield having proved unsuccessful; he determined on bringing the stock back to the Union, and had many tons of rice placed, en route, on the banks of the Cullen, when the great flood arose and carried the lot away. The loss is a double one. There is the cost of the rice, cartage to the Driffield, and packing back to the Cullen, and the loss of it as food, which cannot be replaced for some months. Verily, if we have a long wet season many of us will be grubless. The Warden held an inquest, on Monday, the 17th instant, on the body of a Chinaman named Ah Ting, who was found dead on the banks of the Margaret Creek. The inquiry took place at Mr Johnston’s store, Port Darwin Camp, which was kindly placed at the Coroner’s disposal. From the evidence, which was very brief, it appeared that on the evening of Saturday, the 15th, the flood came into the hut which was occupied by the deceased and his partner, and swept away the whole affair. The other man, Wang Wing, clambered up a tree, and remained there all night; in the morning he looked for his mate, but could not find him. The following morning the deceased was found on the bank of the creek, the body being greatly swollen. There were no marks of violence on the body, and a pouch, with a watch in it, was round the man’s waist. The jury returned a verdict of “accidentally drowned.” I am not in the neighbourhood of any Chinese storekeepers or other Celestial swells, or I should make a move towards establishing a dispensary for the relief of their sick countrymen. I think the Chinese should doctor themselves; they understand their peculiar complaints better than white men can make out, and they have their own peculiar drugs and method of administering them. When I note the number of deaths recorded, and when I see so many half-dead Chinamen moping away in wet and squalid huts, I can but deplore the want of feeling and sympathy which they show towards one another in times of sickness. The police have the greatest difficulty in making them bury their own dead, and can only manage it when the deceased has been living in camp with a number of his countrymen. On Monday last the welcome intelligence reached Sandy Creek, that the intrepid railway route explorers, from Queensland—Messrs Favenc, Brigg, and Hedley—had arrived at the Katherine en route for Port Darwin. 