THE MYSTEKIES OF CHIME; OB, Tee Expebiekges oe ae Ediebubgh Detective.—No. CXXY.. [Published by ^special arrangement with the Author.] A LOST "WILL. In Two Parts.—Part I. The thoughtful reader of the foregoing shetches will have seen that a detective through time gets to look for the author of a crime in no particular direction. Any one young at the business, and anxious to dis tinguish himself, gladly seizes at the first clue that offers itself; but, after a while, experience gently restrains him from any such precipitate course. He finds things strangely mixed up, and often turning out exactly the reverse of what he has laid down as the only solution of the case. Innocence manifests itself where he has decided that only the foulest guilt can dwell; and all his careful tracing out, thought, and search may suddenly discover itself as the mere follow ing of a false scent purposely laid down to mislead him and screen the guilty. It is a wonderful study; and, if it doe3 not exalt one's ideas of the divinity remaining in man's image, it at least extracts from us a tribute to his extensive and never-failing ingenuity and his illimitable cunning. About as striking a case as I can remember at the moment—to show how guilt and in nocence may unconsciously dwell under the same roof, and be so curiously mixed up as to cause one of the most puzzling of mys teries is the following. I do not take much credit for the simple thought that prompted the unravelling, but this I do say, that but for that strange clue the whole might have remained a mystery to the end of time. Lindsay Douglas, Esq., the owner of a small estate in the west, lay in his daugh ter's house, Quarrycliff Villa, out at Mer chiston, in a dying state, or at least so weak and ill that all hopes of his recovery were beginning to be abandoned. The old gentleman—or laird, as I should perhaps call him—was well on for seventy years of age; but, as he had been Ions ailing, his friends and relatives did not look for any sudden breaking up. He had come to Edin burgh for change of air, to the house of his only married daughter; but, in spite of every attention and care, he sank so steadily that at last he was warned to take a step which he had long resolved on, but never had the courage to fairly face—make his will. The small estate he called his own was not entailed, and as he had but two sons—one young and needy, and the other old and rich—he naturally thought he could not do better than send the wealth in the direction most needed, by executing a will in favor of his younger son, Arthur, As for his daughter Ann, Mrs. Fraser, with whom he now re sided, she neither needed nor. looked for anything, having already received her allotted portion at marriage. Both the sons—Denholm and Arthur—were, at the time- of which I write, absent from Scot land—the one in London, the other on the Continent. My object in putting down these facts is to show that, so far as any one could see or know, there was no one near the dying man interested in deviating from its course any will which he might make. No scheming rascal, no villain greedy and murderous hung over him, waiting and wishing for his last breath; but instead he was passing away in an atmosphere of love and devotion, with his only daughter as his constant nurse, and with every comfort and attention that the skill or heart of man can devise. Yet the poor old laird was strangely fearful and suspicious, as dying men, old or young, are apt to be; and, after being closeted for some days with his lawyer and his daughter, it was whispered through the house that he never slept without a flat tin box, securely locked, stowed carefully under his pillow. More, it was noticed that from that time he would not allow his daughter to leave his room for any length of time, and, when she did leave, caused her to secure him against intrusion by locking the door after her. These peculiarities in terested all the servants, but one in par-, ticular—an uncommonly pretty housemaid, called Nancy McDougal—was observed to show some agitation when the cause of the precautions was discovered and discussed. "It's nothing but the old man's will, which he keeps under his pillow for safety," said the tablemaid, who, being a favorite with her mistress, had been the first to learn the truth, "Mrs, Fraser told me herself that he would not allow even the lawyer to take it a moment out of his ;gut why is he so much afraid of it being lost ?" asked Nancy McDougal, who from the first had shown great interest m the conversation, though saying little her self* " Well, I got it as a secret," said the tablemaid, in woman's fashion, "so you musn't tell anybody. The fact is that in the will the estate goes to Mr. Arthur, while Mr. Denholm only gets a life-interest in a mere speck of it; and of course if the will was lost Mr. Denholm would get all. " Mr. Arthur?" echoed Nancy McDougal with a start and a blush, which skein vain tried to conceal or repress. " Why, how can that be 1 he is the youngest.' „ " Yes, and the handsomest,.us you know, pointedly answered the tablemaid. " You remember, before he was married, when he stayed here, how he used to watch you, and follow you about; and—whyhow red you've got in the face all at once 1 Every one present looked at the pretty housemaid; and she certainly was red, almost smoking with confusion, though her eye flashed dangerously and vengefully. The nest instant she was as_ pale as death, and mistaking her silence for fear the ser vants ruthlessly followed up the bantering " Yes," said the cook, a little spitefully, " and you remember she used sometimes to be out at night—walking across the Braids, she said, and it always happened that Mr. Arthur was out of the house at the same time. Ha, ha, ha! p'r'aps they happened to meet when they were out—who knows; " Yes, and to whisper, and cuddle, and kiss!" added the tablemaid. "Look, how white she is! 1 really believe she is in love with him yet, and him a married man; oh fie!" Nancy rose, white and haggard, and turned disdainfully away, showing every one of her pretty teeth as she snapped out «In love with him! Yes, as a cat loves water, or people love poison. I hate him, and yon too—there!" "Then you must have loved him first, for hate always grows out of love, they 6ay," persisted the tablemaid. "Ha, ha! we've got the truth out of you at last! Confess, now, that you were sorry when he was married—sorry that you weren't the Nancy's lip quivered as she stretched herself scornfully up before them; but her eye still flashed defiantly, and her voice was schooled into a semblance of firmness as she cried—" I confess that you are a set of impertinent, senseless fools—both cruel and impudent—and I shall go and give my notice to leave at once." Of course every one laughed—it is so easy to • laugh when the torture does not happen to he in your own breast—and poor Nancy heard their glee right to the other end of the house, to which she had flown. Nancy was not quite deep enouark to get on smoothly among fools; she had not her emotions sufficiently under control to he able to disguise and dissemble, and when the first burst of passion was over sbe saw that the very fact she had been most anxious to conceal bad been betrayed by her words and actions. She did not give in her notice to leave therefore, but affected to laugh at the whole matter when afterwards twitted with her hasty words. That the laugh was a mere surface one will be sufficiently clear before I have done. The little passage of words was speedily forgotten by the other servants; but Nancy carried something m hex mind which gave the information re garding the will a peculiar significance, | and positively forbade forgetfulness. The thought haunted her night and day; and ! when a woman takes to brooding sbe generally means mischief. I Exactly five dayssome oddhours after this I conversation there was a double death in Quarrycliffe Villa. The one, as the reader has probably anticipated, was that of the aged invalid, Lindsay Douglas, which might be deemed of some importance; and the other, which occurred some twenty-four hours earlier, was the decease of a wretched sparrow which this gentleman's grandson. Master Fraser, aged five, had captured in a lame condition in the garden and sedulously tried to rear and pet. To couple the death of a Scottish gentleman with that of a spar row doubtless seems to some irreverent, if not positively sacrilegious; but such^ will please to remember that the coupling is not my work. That there was to be a very in timate connection between the two I mean verv speedily to show. The moment that the death of Lindsay Douglas was ascertained to he^ a fact a message was dispatched for the immediate attendance of the lawyer who bad drawn up the will, who without a grumble left hiB bed at six o'clock in the morning and drove out to Merchiston, only too glad to he able to serve such an important client as the de ceased gentleman's heir promised to be. A consultation with Mrs. Fraser at once de cided that the only two whom the will con cerned should at once be informed of the death. The lawyer sat down, there _aud then, and wrote a formal letter of intima tion to each of the sons of the deceased: and then, pending their arrival, willingly took charge of the flat tin box which had hitherto remained so sedulously guarded under the dead man's pillow. The contents of this box was so perfectly known to both Mrs. Fraser and the lawyer—she haying -been one of the witnesses and he having drawn up and penned the will, and afterwards with his own' hands locked it in the tin cpse—that both he and the lady spoke of the tin box simply as " the will." An ordinary gentleman or trustee would have taken the box; under such circumstances without question or suspicion, but Mr. Clark, being a lawyer, did nothing loosely or carelessly. Before leaving the chamber of death, and only an hour and a half after the invalid had ceased to breathe, he took the key from Mrs. Eraser's own hand, unlocked the precious tin casket, and, most wonderful to relate, found it—empty! "Good heavers," cried the lawyer, for getting in his excitement that he was in the presence of a lady; and then,after stare ing up in her face for a moment or two in dumb amazement, he burst out, " The will is gone!" "Impossible? I saw you put it there with your own hands," cried the lady in turn, leaning across the table to stare into the open tin case in a stupor of amazement. " The box has not been touched by a soul since you left it, ' and the key was never once out of my pocket." " Then Mr. Douglas must have taken it out himself, for there is no doubt about the will being gone—see," and lie deliberately turned the empty casket upside _ down, and gazed blankly across at the petrified lady. " That, too, is imposible; my poor father has not been able so much as to raise him self on his elbow from the day the will was drawn up and deposited under bis pillow; and besides, you forget he could not take it out without the key, which has remained in my pocket from the moment you handed it to me after locking up the will." " The box must have been tampered with in your absence, then," presisted the lawyer. " It is utterly impossible that the will could take wings to itself and fly out through the keyhole, even though that aperture rau through, to the inside of the case—which it does not do.' "How could it possibly he tampered with, when not a living soul but myself and the doctor has been allowed within the door of the bedroom? My father was so nervous on that point that be actually made me lock him in and take the key with me whenever I was forced to leave his bedside even for a minute, I even to please him, slept in the chair there, and took all my meals by his side, and I am certain that during the whole week the box has never once been from under his pillow. " It is most wonderful—most mysterious and incomprehensible!" cried the lawyer, Perfectly aghast. "Yet there must have een a hand to remove it, and the person owning the hand must have got into the room by some means. Could they not have come in by the window ?" Mrs. Fraser smiled faintly at the sug gestion. " That, too, is impossible from the simple fact that the window, since the painters were last in the'house, will not open. Try it for yourself; it is stuck fast, and would not move with three of the ser vants tugging at it at once." The lawyer did try it, found it perfectly immovable, and then returned to his seat more mystified than ever. " Can any of the servants be the thief ?" was his next suggestion. " You say that you have slept in the room, and never left it without locking the door and removing the key; might not one of the servauts Lave entered the room while you slept, and thus have abstracted the will ?" " That is extremely unlikely and all but impossible," firmly and quicky returned the lady. " You must understand that during the whole week I have hardly slept for an hour at a time; then I am such a light sleeper, especially when trouble is in the house, that the slightest rustle, far less a footstep in the room, awakes me instantly. Then, only consider—what possibe object could any of the servants have in commit ting such a theft ? It would not benefit one of them to the value of a farthing." The lawyer was silent, and the quick witted lady instantly divined his thoughts "I know what you would say if you spoke your mind truly," she said. " You think that though the servants could not po.-.sibly be benefited by the will directly, tbey might have been bought over by those who will. I am glad you hesitated over expressing such a thought, for my brother Denholm, though he will un doubtedly feel angry at finding himself supplanted by Arthur, would never stoop to a crime though the stake were a whole kingdom, and the reverse of the hazard death itself. Besides, Mr. Clark, you must remember that Denholm cannot possibily be yet aware even of the existence of such a will, seeing that it was only planned and executed a week ago." " True, true," said the lawyer, biting his lip in excessive vexation. " Yet the loss is really so very serious—involving, as it will do, the ownership of a whole estate—that I am bound to make the most strenuous efforts towards its recovery. Can you yourself not suggest any means which might be tried to ferret out the truth and recover the document ?" '• There, now, I was certain you were not satisfied, Mr. Clark; but when was there a lawyer who was ?" responded Mrs. Fraser, witii another faint smile. " You still sus pect the servants. Do not deny it, now, for I see it written in your face. Well, take wbat means you please towards the investi gation of the case. Call up the servants, employ a detective to frighten them into confessing the crime—do whatever seems, best; but at all costs recover the lost will." The permission thus granted Mr. Clark instantly acted on. The servants were summoned, aud questioned singly and bodily ; but, though the utmost consterna tion was mari-'ested by oDe and all, Mr. Clark found, when the investigation was over, that he was just as near the recovery of the lost document as when he started. A minute and careful search through the bedroom, in the first instance, and then every other rcom, closet, and cellar in the whole house, including as it did the volun tary turning out of every one of the ser vants' boxes, only produced a like result; and then, stretching his weary limbs, and resting his aching hack on an ottoman in the library, after twelve hours' hard labor, Mr. Clark came to a strange conclusion. This was that the thief of the will, and the cause of all the trouble and mischief likely to ensue, was—Mrs. Fraser herself! Of course he did not dare to utter the thought aloud, even to himself; but the longer he thought the matter over the more firmly did the idea seem to take hold of his miud. Mrs. Fraser, he reasoned, might he an interested party, inasmuch as she might he disposed to favor her elder brather, and keep hack the younger. Appearances were certainly against such an idea, for the lady had always appeared partial to Mr" Arthur, and indifferent to Mr. Denholm; hut appearances, in a lawyer's eyes, were peculiarly deceptive; and as he could think of no other thief he rashly con cluded that it must be she. Of course had his suspicions fallen on one of the servants he would have at once sent word to the Central Police Office, and had the sus pected person arrested; but with a lady he was compelled to act differently. With the rich every pill must be gilded, and even then every one shrinks behind his neighbor to avoid the responsibility of administering it; while the poor, of course, haviDg broad shoulders, must take everything in the rough. The lawyer determined to be cautious, and, whatever he did, not to com mit himself. He called a cab and drove, not to the Police, but out to my house, where he formally laid before me as much of the case as was known to him, at the same time giving me full power to act as I thought best for the finding of the will. Did he tell me of his suspicions as to Mrs. Fraser herself being the thief? the reader will naturally enquire ; to which I reply — was he not a lawyer? No, he did not breathe a whisper of such a thing then ; and I was afterwards very glad that he did not, as I might thus have gone off at a tangent from the real scent, and lost time and opportunities never to be recovered. After getting my instructions I walked slowly across to Merchiston by the Meadows and Links, thinking the matter over in my own way in the cool twilight of the autumn evening; and before I was halfway I had decided that the will had been abstracted hv one of the servants. What object a servant could have' in committing such a curious crime I did not trouble myself to enquire, as I had found the motives to this most frightful folly as various and innu merable as the very dead leaves my feet were then rustling through. At Quarrycliff, on presenting Mr. Clark's note of introduction, I was very kindly welcomed by Mrs. Fraser, who carefully went over every detail of the mysterious occurrence, showed me over the whole house, and then left me to work in what way seemed best. Now, one of my first enquiries had been— Who had been admitted to the bedroom besides Mrs. Fraser and the medical man ? The answer was that no one had been actually admitted to the room, though occasionally the tablemaid brought up gruels or such necessaries to the door. "Then who made the bed?" was my next question. " I myself did what I could in that way," replied the lady; " but Mr. Douglas was so weak that he could not sit up long enough to have it made properly. Only once I got it half-made by calling in the housemaid, Nancy, to support him in a sitting posture while I tossed the pillows and shook the bed in the best manner possible." " Housemaid Nancy," I said, noting down as I spoke—" I thought you said no one was ever in the room ?" " Well, yes, hut I had forgotten about that; hut "Nancy could not possibly have taken the will then, for it was in the tin box under the pillow, and she wa3 sup porting my father all the time—I myself did the tossing." ! She was perfectly right, as I was after wards to discover. Nancy could not, and did not, take the will then; but the slight incident and allusion were sufficient for the moment to direct my attention to this girl in particular. When the frightened whis per ran through the house that a detective was among them, and that "it was McGovan," there was a visible flush of anxiety and apprehension, and every one of the servants seemed more anxious than another to tender information and give hints. But Nancy McDougal kept herself sternly aloof, taking no more notice of me than if I had been the baker or the milk man. I scanned the flushed face curiously when I could get a good look at it. She was uncommonly good-looking—indeed, had she been a lady she would have been called beautiful—hut hers was not exactly the face for a criminal. Yet her eye was large, black, and lustrous, and I saw at a glance that there was enough passion and power hidden in its depths to dare anything for love or hate. More and more interested, X drew the chattering tablemaid into talk about Nancy, and at last got from her a vague account of the conversation which I have inserted at the beginning of this sketch. Now, 1 had but the merest sus picion to work on. I wanted more informa tion, which only Nancy herself could give —how was I to get it? To try to get her to speak I had already found useless, and a defiant glare of her shining eyes told me that the harder I tugged the more stub born was she likely to become. I thought of another plan, which I at once acted on. Going down to the kitchen, I suddenly accosted her thus— "Your name is Nancy McDougal, is it not r" She stared straight into my eyes for the first time, and I fancied that I saw a scared look creep over her face as she answered in the affirmative. " Then, Nancy, I would like to have a look at your room, and—and your box," I said, as cheerily and indifferently as pos sible. There was a strange hush in the kitchen as I spoke, and every eye was turned on the startled housemaid. " Do not be alarmed," I said, to reassure her and divert the suspicions of the other servants; " I have to go over them all; I may as well begin with yours as any other." She made no reply in words, but one scru tinising, withering look of contempt which she swept across my face told me that she read my real meaning and defied me to do my worst. She led the way from the kitchen without a word to her own bedroom, which was at the back, in a line with the nursery, and close to a door leading into the garden. She unlocked her box, and turned out its contents rigidly and stonily, and then I knelt down to examine them in my own way. While I was doing so, a rattling sound caught my ear, caused by her throw ing something hastily into the empty grate. ""What's that?" I cried, looking round sharply. " Only an old phial which I found on the floor, and was throwing in there to be out of the "way," she answered, trying, but this time unsuccessfully, to appear cool and in different. I rose without a word, and going up to the disused grate, picked out from among the hits of crashed paper, half-burnt cinders, and other odds and ends filling it, a biggish glass phial, which had been broken with the sudden crash, and which was yet wet with the liquid it had held. " What was in this ?" I asked, holding up the broken phial. " 01), just some laudanum that I got for the toothache a while ago." I looked at the label, still holding the broken pieces together, and read as fol lows:—"Sleeping Dbaught.—Dose for an adult.—A tablespoonful in water, as required." The address of a chemist at the other side of the city followed, with, at the lower coiner, written in ink, " No. 10,557." " How can that he ?" I said, more sus picious than ever. " No chemist is allowed to sell laudanum without attaching a label to the phial on which |is . legibly printed the word Poison. Besides, laudanum leaves a brown stain; this liquid is color less. The fact is, Nancy, you have told me a lie—a thing which I detest, as I always find that it is used to screen a worse crime." She stared at me, paling guiltily till her face was like marble, but not a word would she utter. I plied her with questions as to where she had got the preparation, what she had got it for, how she had used it, and why she now so suddenly took the notion of getting the bottle out of my sight; hut to all she remained dumb as a stone. Thoroughly convinced that there was something behind it all, I at last put the phial carefully away in my pocket; and leaving strict orders that Nancy was not to he allowed for a moment to quit the hou3e, I took my way to the nearest cabstand, and drove away over and down to the foot of the Canongate, where I showed the phial to the chemist who had sold it, and asked him to turn up the number in -his hook for ! the name of the person to whom it had been supplied. A little to my surprise it was the real name, " Agnes McDougal," and I had now no doubt whatever that I was on the right track at' last. " How did you come to supply such a thing without a doctor's prescription ?" I sharply enquired when he had described the girl in a way that no one who had seen Nancy could mistake. " Because she said she had no doctor, and could not afford one. She said it was for an old man and herself; I think she said the old man was her father. It is quite a common think here to sell such a composing draught without a prescription, just as we sell laudanum or any other opiate. I offered her laudanum, indeed; hut she said she wished something which had little or no taste." "She did not speak of being troubled with toothache 1" " Never once." This was enough for me. I left the shop, got into the cab, and drove back to Mer chiston. Here I found the aspect of things rather improved in niy absence; for Nancy had attempted to steal out of the house, had been intercepted, had struggled and fought, hurst into tears, and finally been locked up in a room, with barred windows at the back, to await my arrival. My first busi ness was to see Mrs. Fraser. " Did you at any time, since the will was drawn up and deposited in the tin case, drink anything which it was possible that yeur housemaid could have tampered with ?" "Only once; when the cook was out by leave, and my father's gruel was prepared by Nancy in her stead." " Did you yourself partake of the gruel ?" The lady smiled out at the question— " I did—I always did—hut just to please my father. He had got the idea that I was wearing myself out with watching, and always insisted that I should take part of every meal brought up to him. "Ah, indeed—I thought as much," I dryly returned. "Did you sleep any on that particular night, can you remember." Again the lady's eyes beamed out into a smile. " I don't know how you can have guessed it, Mr. McGovan; but both my father and myself slept unusually well that night. _ I do not think I awoke above twice during the night." I bowed, and then proffered a request to be allowed the use of the library or any other room, where I might question Nancy ! McDougal alone. This being granted, I carefully made my preparations in a way which I thought might be imposing to a servant girl and one unaccustomed to crime. A desk, paper, pens, and ink, J placed on the table; and conspicuously beside these I placed a pair of shiny handcuffs. Then, touching the bell, I had the creeping and flustered-looking prisoner broughtin and the door locked without to prevent intrusion. " Now, Nancy," I gently began, a3 her eye ran fearfully over the ruble and finally rested on the handcuffs, " tier ore I begin I wish you to understand that as yet this ter rible affair is not formally in the hands of the police. I am employed privately to use what means I consider proper, not to con vict the criminal, but to recover the lost will. I do not say that I can convict you of stealing the will, hut 1 have traced something quite as criminal to your door— that is, the drugging of the gruel which you made for Mr. Douglas and Mrs. Eraser on the night that the cook whs absent—and it only remains for you to say whether you will secure yourself from prison by telling the truth, or he branded for ever as a criminal." "I cannot! I dare not! What good would it do ?" she wildly cried, in the midst of her sobs. " The wilt's gone, and there's an end to it." "I know it is gone, hut I want you to help me to get it back againL said, mis taking her real meaning. " "You do—really and truly ?" and in her surprise she almost forgot her tears. " "What a wonderful man you must be:' "Never mind what I am," I .-aid, smiling, and glad at last at having rouied her interest, and in some degree gained her confidence; "hut, say, will you tell me all about it ?" Her tears came again at the question, and her head went drooping downwards; but her agitation was less violent, and at last looking up suddenly, she said— " I think there must be some ghosts or spirits who have had a bund in the affair, for though I do know something about it, I am as much puzzled as it is possible for you to he. But you seem so clever and quick, and not nearly so harsh and cruel as I thought at first, so I'll tell you all I know of it, and perhaps you can find out the rest." (To be continued,) 