THE particulars of the English scheme of revenue and expenditure for the current year are given in the home files joat come to hand. The total figures, it-mint be admitted, are fairly astowiding. Think of a country whose winpri £63,000,0001 This is considerably more than a quarter of a million for «veiy working day. How. this enormous sum is made up is a question of carious interest to distant observera likeonreelves. Jjooking over the items, we find that it is" supplied mainly from five sources—namely, customs, excise, stamps, land taxr and income and property tax. From the first source the Chancellor of the Exchequer gets, ! £20,000,000; from thesecond, £27,270,000; 'from the third, £10,760,000; from the fourth, £2,700,000; and from the fifth, £9,250,000." 'The other items ore of slight account, although the Poat Office and Telegraph Department bring in between them £7,590,000. Of the five heads enumerated, the first three come under the denomination of indirect taxee;: the land, income, and .property taxes being direct' levies. But these last bring in .something less than' £12,000,000 altogether, or about <me-seventh of the total revenue. It is, then, on duties levied on consumable goods that Great Britain mainly depends for. the. vast supplies to maintain her army and navy, pay the. interest on her national debt, and meet all other expenditure. Now, it is undeniable that'imposts on consumable, goods ..arelia their . very nature taxes on industry,- inasmuch as tbey enhance the price of every article produced by manual labor or machinery, by increasing the cost of living to the workman. This b a fact too moch overlooked in'tfae perpetual discussion on the "best .fiscal policy for a colony., But it really cannot be allowed to be set aside, merely because it is an inconvenient fact for the opponents of protection. Their argument is that all tariff duties are in their very nature, injurious to the expansion of indnstry,and that coBtom- houses ought, to be abolished-feir that reason. Very'well; bnt'let it be stated, on the otter side, that free-trade Bnglsnd ruses' £20,000,000 appear, or a foil fourth of Jher revenue, through "her puatpm-honae. When this fart iw hroiflg*'* in*" view ..there wight certainly to be some modification of this stock argument. ~ Free-trade principles, and twenty millions a year raised from indirect taxes on indnstiy, are two things which hardly harmonise in logic and practice. Passing from this view of ihe-case^it'is instructive to note the main beads of the Imperial expenditure. Here are the -four chief ones• . - Interest on the national debt .„._._ £28,000/100 Army J6.«4,700 Navy 10,686,89* Civil bervtae " • Total £69,817.445 That Is the way the money goes, ^he first item "is almost -appjifliijg, in iQiat it is merely dead expenditure,.; for - winch...no direct benefit isjsvet obtained, r: Ihiinr own case the intereBtpaidfyeady ron onr'natiimal debt represents )vbBtantinl iwlte lmproyc^ ments. forthelmost^act j^nneijtiye; J j>a that:m«ta£asient -stade •tyr-MrWooba the other day,^; QoeehKiifriceJaSii tion, may be tiaiken almort literally. "We have in effect," said the Minister of Bailways, "no real national debt, since all the money we have borrowed has been spent on reproductive pnblie works." This wit? j negs ia true. An heir to an estate finds Jt bnrdened with a mortgage on which he h«8 to p&y.fiay;, ten thoaeand a jrear Interest, the eaid mortgage being money raised and sqnandered by s spendthrift predecessor. This is' d6bt in earnest. Another heir to an estate of exactly eqnal valaa cornea into it without a single shilling of borden on it; bnt he ruses a Joan to improve the estate, for which he also pays ten thousand a .year of Interest, and by means of'which be •doubles his annoa)-rental in a few^-years. The temporary bnrden in tins Utter case is not debt in the«sme eense-ss the former at all. Herein lies the difference between the mother country and the colony. We are in the happy case of the fortunate heir to the •nenenmbered estate; onr friends at home are in tfee opposite predicament. There, not alone ;has £26,000,000 to be expended yearly in paying the interest on bygone wars, bnt £26,000,000 more mnBt be [aid ont in keeping np a naval and military force to avert instant- war. This view of ' the matter becomes positively appalling, when the two amonnts are added together. Think of a country which is obliged to pay £54,000,000 ^eveiy .year, before its people can (BO : to speak) pnt a morsel of bread in their months, on account of past wars and wars always possible 1 Think of what ,a prodigious aggregate of human labor and industry, and the results of both, which those fifty-four millions represent! One would almost eay that no nation, however ener getic its inhabitants 4nayJ>e,.bovrever prolific its soil, however vast its- commerce, could bear the weight of such tremendous handicapping in- the race for prosperity. No doubt this is the cause of such an amoont of sheer privation,' painful economy, and downright bodily suffering amongst the toiling millions of Great Britain as the mind positively refuses "to "dwell- upon. Still, the certainty with which tbiB immense revenue is raised from year to year proves that the nation .is JoHy able So SOB tain the burden. The Chancellor's estimate for last year was. only about £100,000 more than he received—a wholly insig- nificant fraction. It is worth noting, amongst the minor items, that the Post Office brings in a net revenue of about three millions a year, m the teeth of the. uni versal cheap.po8tail aystemi 3 This is a' triumphant vindication of the policy of Sir BOWLAHD HILL. Another. notable. point is that, in spite of his vast income, the Chancellor was last year obliged to borrow, some couple of millions to meet the expenditure incurred in the Afghan and Zulu wars. This borrowing was effected bymeans of isstdiig Exchequer bills, which are simply redeemable notes put ont by the Treaanryito"be used in payment of Customs duties or direct taxes. As these duties and taxes are certain'to come!n some time in the course of the twelve months, the bills are always negotiable. We confess that we~ never cisuld"" see any oGjection to the adoption of a like method here, should circumstances occur to demand an immediate and unforeseen expenditure for a pressing public purpose. But, of conree, it is always the- best course for onr Treasurer for the time being to take to provide ample ways aiid means to meet any possible demand on bis budget; and, in the main, this is the course which h^s hitherto been followed. On the whole, the review we have here taken of the Imperial budget, while it impresses one's mind with a very deep sense of the indnsBiai and TOmmerdal greatness of the mother country, leaves behind it also a feeling of commiseration for the people whose energies are so painfully weighed down by excessive taxation. THE latest charge made against Mr BEBBY is that be has been gnilty of gross deception. The foundation for this charge IB that he led his followers to believe, before he left Victoria, that he-was gomg lp lfflndop. with the rail expectation, of getting-an Enabling Act, pure-ami- eimpje; whereas, according to Major SMITH, and other author rities, he never expected to get from the Imperial Government anything of this deacription. In all the statements, then,. MTBEEBY made with regard to the Enabling Act* before he left Williamstown, hesimply acted, 4ike the u Heathen Chinee," with intent to deceive? - and, seeing what 'has -since transpired, it is Impossible that Mr BEB&Y; can deny the justice of this accusation. Such is the charge which some of the Opposition papers are now freely making against the Premier; and it is certainly quite as ingenious ~as it is amusing. Now what are the real-facts of this case, and-, how far do theyjbear ont the conclusion winch the Opposition papers have icome to on this .subject?- The reply to this question lias' -already been given in these columns; and it is about -as -complete a rejoinder as conld.be made to fmy. allegation. JSat it does not,seem to have had;the least effect opon those journals which appear to Save a mission to malign Mr BEBBY to the fullest extent; and, therefore, it is necessary that onr reply should be repeated. Well, going straight to the 1 point at once, the whole thing -comes to this." When Mr BEBBY asked Parliament for the embassy voteraad -when be-spoke on the subject at the public meetings ref«red to, he certainly did expect to get an- Enabling Act bom tra Imperial authorities. Be -was «f opinion that this would be a very reasonable request to prefer; and he thought, considering" all the circumstances of the casp, past and present, that his request wonld be "granted. Bnt - just before he left Melbourne -his opinions nnderwent a change, through {Canses which ii is not necessary to explain." He began to have some misgivings .as to whether.an Enabling Act wonld be obtained j .and "he di3 not hesitate to tell some of bis ipolitical friends-of the new impression that bad come ppon him, . _Aqcordingly, iie_resolved to extend the programme, which he bad previously detei^mted upon, so that the .embassy .should not be -fruitless; so that tf he was foiled in one thing, "fie wonld have other requests to make upon whidTheinight BQCceod; and he is certainly to be complimented npon this resolve, beganse it showed that he appreciated the gravity of the business in which he was engaged, and was determined, if possible, that it should be successful, In this framaxif mind, then, Mr BEBBY left by the mail steamer; and that there was no secret made of his thoughts -to fere he departed ia shown by what appeared in a loading. article— of— The Courier of the 28th of last December, and which set forth Mr BEBBY'S altEFCSK. tives as clear and precise as anything could be pnt in the Eogtisbrlaiigaage. Here, then, is the whole case briefly told;.-aad does any .deception lie Intheeeparticnlars? Why, 3t would be a gross outrage npop' aQ Art is rational and tratbfnl to answer theee questions in the affirmative;. and- tie Opposition papers ^now "this as well as wB do,- although,withthw ; <rat6marj' ; minda tbey choose to 'pfit' a'totaJly mBerent compleiion "npontljgcMttaf.-Mr BBBBRY &te;£3ed toaak for an Smbling^ Act; ouhiiid *Bk firCtt,: . Bift W^o$njd-^T»teared^wpoliJ be the case jdstlx^ore lie lelt Tkflvta^-dirt the Imperial QOtAtifumBBt^r^arded the request aa premature; and,'therefo're,''this part of the misaoif had perforce to be abandoned. He then aobmitted bis alternatives to the Imperial authorities; and every one •of th&n; was readily accepted." • 311 BEEB Y thrisinade the embassy a eucceee, because it has brought matters to sndi a pass that weiow know what we have to do to get theSsjnstitotioDal refofm we want. But we would not have been in this pleasant position had Mr BEBBY restricted Ms request to an Enabling Act, because the refusal of that request would have brought the whole business to an end summarily, and the mission would in that case have been a complete failure. Not only, then, has there been no deception in Mr BEKRY'S proceedings—not fomy have the Opposition papers not s leg to stand upon in- this case— not only has Mr BEBBT acted in the most honorable manner in this affair, but he has aleo made the embassy a success by the astuteness and business qualities which he .has displayed.in conducting-its proceedings. This is the real state of the case; and this is the excellent result which has been brought about, thus far, by Mr BEBRY'S tact and judgment. The statement made by Major SMITH last Friday evening was, therefore, perfectly consistent with all that was businesslike and straightforward ; and, with these few remarks, we leave the Opposition papers to digest these unwelcome truths at their leisure. The district coroner yesterday beld an inquest at the Wain Lead, Beaufort, on the body of the unfortunate woman, .Margaret Powell, who committed suicide by cutting her throat with a razor, on Monday. The body had been removed to M'Leod'e Main Lead hotel, and from theevidenoe it appeared that the deceased had been sSing from some painful disease for the past ax years. ' On Monday she eat a hearty dinner, and -after having a warm at the fire'she went to bed. Her youngest daughter was at home with her, and - had occasion to go outside. She had- not been out but & few minutes when she heard her mother -scream. On proceeding inside die found hercntting-dehberately at her throat with a razor. She attempted to wrest the razor from her mother, and received an ugly cut on her- hand in the attempt, ope of the fingers being nearly severed. She at once ran off for her father,, who is a miner, and was working a Ehprt diaumco from the house.' The deceased /had never "expressed any intention of doing herself bodily h&rm;, but she had suffered greatly of late, and was reduced to a mere skeleton. The family are respectable people, who have lived for the last twenty "years in a very -secluded spot in Tippcrary . Golly—a gully which brunches off from the main lead. The deceased has two daughters Irving. The event spread quite a gloom over the lead, and great sympathy 'is felt for the boeaved husband, who is well np in years, and his two daughters. The deceased was forty-sir years of age. The jury returned a verdict of suicide while laboring under temporary insanity, accelerated h/disease and pjun. On enquiry yesterday at the Water Commission office, we were informed that no change had taken place in the state of the dams. It is believed that there is water enough-stored to last three weeks.or a mooth, if the supply to rampnnfrm be continued. The B&llarat; County Court for June will open this morning at ten o'clock, in the court-house, Lydiard street, under the presidency of bis -Henor. Judge Hackett. The cause list -will be found in another column. We understand-that the* lmig-pending lawsuit, Bank of Australasia v. Lalor, arising out of affaira in the old Australasian Company at Creswick, has been settled by mutual arrangement. An elderly man named Robert Hartley, residing in Pleasant street, came very near 'potting an end to hia life, Involuntarily, last night. He was suffering from a cold, and went to a cupboard to get a dose of a cough mixture, when in mj.taVo he took out a bottle containing a poisonous lotion his son, who was affected with rheumatism, kept for applying te his joints.- Hartley poured out a quantity of the lotioa, and drank it, not noticing .bis mistake until the peculiar taste of the stuff undeceived him. " He at once, on finding eat what he had done, drank half a pint of salad oil, and .then started for the Hospital. On the road he .vomited freely, and when tie arrived at die institution the resident surgeon at once attended to him. The inquest on the remains of the child Ernest Smith,' who was accidentally drowned In a hole at the rear of bis father's residence, on Sunday Afternoon, at Beaufort; wu held ftt Mitohel'e fusily ibotel yesterday, before .Mr Hopper, district coroner. James Smith, the father of. the A&mgpfl;, deposed to several of hia children playing round the house on Sunday, when the deceased child vaa missed; and on a search being made, the body vas ftnmd floating in a hole about 2 feet deep, with abont 18 inches of water in it. Exertions were 'made to^eatore life, bnt without avaiL The per- ;dict returned was " Accidentally drowned. 1 " ' ' At two cfr&ock; yesterday morning a well-known publican residing in the Mirket square vat awakened by one of his children aaying there was :someone in the yard, --fie -got up, and, without ^dressing, went out and «aw « man gathering his [linen off the clotbes-line. The linen-fancier left •in a hurry, and the enraged householder, deter* tfninejato tog the iiight-prowier, raced after him :without waitingto dress: but his visitor had-too Roodastart, and escaped in some of. the lanes in JOoveion street To add insolt to injury, honiface on his return found two policemen waiting-at his •door, to see if there was. anything the matter. Then Jni anger rose considerably, but he was mollified when 'on searching the premises be found that the would-be thief, in addition to leaving the clothes behind trim, had also left « nice parcel of chops. The police will no donbt "iqVf the customary enquiries, with-the customary resolL A girl named Lydia Weight, sged sixteen years, was arrested yesterday by Constable Owns and lodged in the Town lock-up, on a Charge of stealing some articles of clothing, the property of Thos. •Brboks, redding in Sweeney street. The clothes gwere stolen from the 'clothes-line, and recovered Afterwards, having been pawned by the prisoner. She win be dealt with to-day. A caotion to any person desirous o( travelling in a.fiz&t-daas; carriage with a seco&d-daas; ticket was administered at the (Sty Police Court yesterday. A farmer named Tnlready entered a first-class {carriage of the Maryborough train yesterday morning when" in possession of a second-doss ticket lonly, and he was, when the porter came round •to him, requested to leave the carriage, and enter ianother, a secood-dass one. He refused to do so, jand became-so violent that it required several men jto eject him. He was, when taken out of the car* jruge, giren into custody, and made hit appearance before the bench at the City Court a short time after .bis extraordinary action, and charged with {resisting a porter in the execution of his duty. Ur Tolready** recalcitrance having been' fully proved, £ie was mulcted in 60s for his morning's amusement. He found his intended ride to Maryborough in a flrstoclasa carriage cost considerably more than the tariff marked.on the departmental tables of times and fares. * ; t A man named John Barton was arrested in the fieorge hotel yesterday, by Detective Euon, on charge of uttering a cheque fo^_£29 on the Bank iof New South Wales, purporting to be signed by Ur Henty, of Melbourne, with the intent to defraud. For the last few months several forgeries have been perpetrated at .the expense of Messrs Henty and Co., of Melbourne;' and Burton was isuspected, and gazetted in the Police Gazette as wanted," but the description given of him was father vague. Within -the last fortnight a Jyoung man obtained aa eogsgeneok at the ^George •hotel as boots, bat as he did not seem perfectly At home in that character, the suspicions of Sub- 'inspector Bahington and Detective £ason were aroused.. The young man, who ,gave the same of John Barton,-was ^consequently, quietly watched, and though he was not then suspected of being implicated in. the forgeries mentioned, bis movements were thought to ' be those of , one - who desired to avoid the scrutinising gaze of the police officials. Particulars of his appearance were sent to'Melbourne, and a person t who .had,been victimised Tor 89s seeing' the paxticu- Isn came to Ballarat to interview him. The victimised one and Detective 'Bason' soogbt the parlor olthe George hotel, into which "boots" was drawn in the most casual way. The gentleman .who -had parted " with the sum just mentioned at once recognised his victimises, who was immediately arrested, and who then confessed bis participation in the forgeries. A fanner named Richard Locker, a resident of Warrenbeip,, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday morning, suffering from, a wound in hie left leg, which "fee is supposed to hove -sustained by. a horse tresding otf bio when be wail lying on the ground itia fit The treasurer of the Bongareeshire Council reported mt .the monthly -meeting -ynterduy the recejpt-o! JC190S US aince last meeting, indnding £1089, first moiety of the. Government «Ddow< Thtt'pert^ddttf llti^^^Chs^.-Goob, a»ie his aupmrance" again it the Smyttesdale Police Conrf .on:a%esday, and, ' with jthe ol his counsel, Mr Gannt, succeeded in whmfaw bothhis eases, that against MonjQiung fo^^ekeep ot i girl named iispe .WilllainSf-wliom he has since built a house for,and whoisnew kwvo as Mrs Hon Clung; and also against Mary AnnCurran. who was ordered to be imprisoned lor a moith In default of payment of ooata, XS 10s. It Is to be presumed that the oft-heard names of -Chungs Goon and Mary Ann Curran will disappear 4romthe records of the court, at least for a tim^V* T i At the monthly meeting of the Bnhgsfeeesbire Council, beld yesterday; MriT.Maber, of BsBarat, was sworn in as councillor fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of Councillor Cope, who assigned aa a reason, for-fab resignation that he was strongly opposed to the councu centering into fresh works, and thus increasing Its flnsnpial difficulties. Mr Thomson, P.M., held an inquest yesterday, morning on the remains of the unfortunate woman, Mary Lloyd, who was burnt to death the -evening previous. Nothing beyond what was reported in our columns yesterday was adduced, and the coroner found that deceased was burnt to death through her falling into the fire when in a fit. ~Mr D. Turpie, J.P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday morning and dealt with one drunkard ,in the usual manner. Agnes Boss, Charged with' stealing a dress, the property of Bridget Mullane, was remanded to the 5th iBStabt. Alice Kniaht was fined 10s, with the option of three days' imprisonment, for behaving in an insulting manner on previous day. We take the following—which seems to us to demand the attention of the committee of the Ballarat Hospital and Benevolent Asylum—from the last issue of the Chvrch of England Messenger:— "One aspect of the question of dignity versus charity has often presented itself to our mind, and more particularly within the last few,>re^ks. It is that relating to the burial of fly pauper friendless inmates of our charitable*' institutions. The present arrangements are, we fhinV, disgraceful to us (Ballarat) as a community. On two occasions recently the writer of this note has received notice to attend the funerals of such persons at our new cemetery. Proceeding thither, be found on each occasion an open van, with, in each case, two coffins, one of a Protestant, the other of a Boman Catholic. In the first case the Roman Cath6Hc~bb3y was first lowered into the grave, no Boman Catholic clergyman being present; on the top oi that coffin was immediately placed the other—that of the Protestant. Both bodies were from the Benevolent Asylum, and one old inmate of that institution was present with the undertaker, the Church of England service being (in part) read. In the other case, the body of the Protestant was first plafeed in the grave/and portion of the church service read. Immediately afterwards that of the Boman Catholic^was lowered on the top of the other, the Boman Catholic clergyman officiating. On a third occasion in the same week the writer recei ved a notice from the Hospital to attend the funeral of a friendless patient. He attended punctually at the appointed hour, but found that the coffin had been laid in the grave nearly an hour before, no person beside the driver of the undertaker's van having attended at aQ._In this case, therefore, no service was conducted. Now, we feel justified in protesting against the continuance of this" state of things" The committees referred to .above should endorse the writer's opinion. . " The Bongareeshire Council resolved yesterday to establish two new polling booths for the coming shire elections — one at Delahunty's hotel, Ormond, In the east riding; and the other at M'RohinBon'a )iotd,_0n..the. Gong Gong road, in the central riding. A walking match of .100 miles for £30 a-eide was commenced-at the 'Eastern Oval last night, between Abley a£d a new long-distance walker named M'Lean. The latter, who la a much younger man than his wiry opponent states that he is a Victorian, and that this is his maiden effort at long-distance walking. At eight o'clock precisely Ihe men started, and Abley at once took the lead, . gradually drawing away from M'Lean, until at half-past ten he had four laps to the'good. The match is so arranged that the one who does the 100 miles first wins, but in the event of the distance not being completed by either within th^ twenty-four hours, the one who walks the greater distance in that, rime is • to be declared winner. There was not a great' attendance at ihe start, but it is expected that the finish, which will probably take place between the hours of six and eight o'clock to-night, will be witnessed by a large crowd. M1«eau intends to keep walking the whole of the time until the distance is ^completed, but Abley will take a spell about nine ;o'clock this morning. Both men were travelling 'last night, and each expressed himself as confident of-pulling off the match. As the Oral is in circuit about -20 yards -less than a quarter of a mile, it is understood the race will mean really 400 laps, or about 8000 yards short of the 100 miles.. Mr'J. Whelan, being the only candidate nominated to fin the vacancy in the Bungareeshire Council, caused by the death of Councillor J. lO'Hehir, has been declared duly elected. It was :resolved by the council at its meeting yesterday, :to forward a letter of condolence to the deceased councillor's widow. The following is the notice-paper for the meeting of the Water Commission next Friday evening: :—Report of the finance committee; report of the public works committee; report of chairman ; report of law committee; report of engineer; reiport of collector. Notice of Motion.—By Commissioner Robertson—That under no circumstances will water from the mains of the Ballarat and Ballarat East Water Commissioners be discharged into Lake Wendouree, except when the by-washes fet the Gong Gong and Kirk's reservoirs, are Tunning over. ' We understand that the UBUBI half-yearly delegate meeting of the Loyal Orange Lodge of Tictorio will be held in Ballarat about the middle of the present month. - The trial fours events, which were to wind up the season of the City Bowing dob, -having been indefinitely postponed in consequence of the inclement weather, Baylee's crew are afraid the affair will fall through altogether, and therefore jare desirous of trying conclusions with any of the seven crews entered. An advertisement to this <effect_appean in our advertising columns.. A very enjoyable tea meeting wag held last evening; in the Bible Christian Schoolroom, Skip- !tou street; about 180 having sat down to the tables, which were under the superintendence of Mrs Whykes, Misses Maddera, E. and M J, Pearce, Wasley, and Ellis. A public meeting was after-, wards held in the church building, at which Mr James, MLrA., presided; and interesting addresses .were delivered by Revs. A. T. Glasson, J. W. Blarney, Teague, and Cory, and Mr James Campbell. The choir also pleasantly varied the "proceedings by rendering choice selections of music,' and Miss Spier presided at the organ. The projceeds of the entertainment and collection were in pid of the trust fund of thechurch. Excursionists proceeding to Sandhurst tomorrow with the Ballarat East State schools are particularly requested to note that the tnin will leave the Ballarat East station only at 6.55 t Seating Sandhurst for return at 6 p.m. Tickets for parents and adults are still available up to six o'clock this evening,- as per advertisement. "Children under nine yean of age must be in charge of their relatives, and other children will ta under the care of the board of advice and their iteacbera. * ; Mr F.J. M. Syer, of Curie wis, Geelong. on reimting. Smythesdale yesterday, left -with-Jibe secretary, of .the Scarsaale district relief fund a donation of XI. In reply to the question relative to an "Irish widower," our correspondent would not be legally {justified in interfering, unless be is the husband of the woman referred to, in which case his only remedy is by the usual process in die Divorce Court. The Comus Club desire attention to be directed to their announcement in our advertising columns .this morning. The programme is a decidedly good •one, and the club have -now an opportunity for rehearsal, which. tbey had not for their late 'entertainment, in consequence of the " Uncle Tom's Cabin. ** Company being then here. A rehearsal -will take place to-night at the Academy, at eight o'clock. . ! D'Arcy Bead's Ghost, which has of late been receiving such favorable criticisms from the country press, wiH appear at the Alfred Hall on Monday evening next, the 9th instant, for a season of six nights. Mr Bead will erect his own stage, inor^er that proper effect may be given to the performance —which, on the opening night, wfll commence with < ( Faust," concluding with a beautiful apotheosis of Marguerite carried by angels. The price of admission will be very small, Mr Bead's principal object being to show the Ghost with proper effect —which he was unable to do on a former occasion st'the 'Academy of Music, as his paraphernalia could not be erected in a suitable position. The entertainment, which is given by a full company,' should have a good season. We sea by the BetuUgo Advertiser that it has been determined by the committee to dose, the 8&ndhunt; Exhibition at the end'of this month. Mr C. C. Shoppee sold by auction yesterday the shop at the corner , of Start and Baglan streets, formerly occupied by Mr F. L. Smart, and once known as J. Taylor's confectionery store, for the sum of £610. Miss H. P. Warned of State School 1256, Ballarat Orphan Asylum, having passed the requisite examinations, hasten recorded in the Education Department aa llicerised to teach." The IQsstrattd Australian fiexs for the current month contains a number «£ interesting ahistr** tions, chief amongst which are views or tin jarsuit and recapture of Wje^erg, and the opetring of the Queenaeliff railway, Wdbetg js represented as wearing 'spectacles when he was captured. A leatnm ^rfii be delivered ~by tbe B^v. W. A. Quick in the Ben Street Wesleyan Sabbath school, Soldiers' HOI, under the ausjuses of the Ntft 3tieet Mutual Improvement Association, on Tuesday, the 10th instant. The subject of the lecture tern i highly •'interesting one—"The Reticence of the Baj&'^.ted jfrom the well-known ability of the rev; gentleman, an intellectual exposition of the sub5ectmay.be expected. The lecture will be free^ ana will commence at eight o'clock. lie mayor of Sebastopol invites the miners to meet him at the Sebastopol town hall to-morrow ^Thursday) evening, at eight o'clock, to appoint a deputation to wait on the faon.Major Smith next Saturday, to urge that the land on the east side of Albert street may be thrown open in small blocks for quartz mining. The half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat District M.U.LO.O F.-wiU be held at the British Qaeen hotel next Thursday, at nOon. ' Hie purple lecture will be delivered at six in the evening. The ballad,- u My grandfather's dock,* 4 to which we referred yesterday, was sent to us by Mr Harrison, muaicseller, of Start street -The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society wQl be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at half-past seven. The hoc. the Treasurer (says the Heraldj has been asked by. several influential people of various townships to give addressee on the subject of banking institutions and the banking-question generally. Major Smith finds, however, that he cannot comply with the requests at present, as the time at his disposal is limited, and his health would not permit of beisg overtaxed with extra labor of this kind. The council of the National Reform League (sayathe^s; met at the Trades' Hall on Monday evening, to 'further consider the programme to be submitted to the conference of delegates from the branch leagues, to-be held on tbe 1st and 2nd July, There was a large attendance of members, and after an animated discussion, the following new platform of the party was approved by the council, and wfll be submitted to the conference for its consideration and confirmation :— 1\. Constitutional reform. 2. A progressive land tax. 3. The letting of all Crown lands upon equitable terms, and . the subdivision and reletting of pastoral lands..for adequate rents. 4. Ihe re-adjustment^ and,'where necessary, the extension of the present. protective policy. 5. Electoral reform—(c) Tbe abolition of plural votea. (A) The-adjustment of representation to population. \- (e) The making of Toting compulsory. 6\. The establishment of a" national bank of issue. 7\. Payment, of members. 8."The furtherance of the mining interests of the colony. \- -It is gen erally believed {telegraphs the A revs correspondent at;. MansfieldJ that the police have . recently heen on the tracks of Ned KeDy. A short time ago Mrs Skillion, a relative of Mrs Kelly, • went to Melbourne to bring «,way Mrs Kelly's . child from Pentridge. Mrs SkQliOn and the child . arrived at Mrs Kelly's late residence, Greta, a few days ago, And immediately after Ned Kelly came there for the purpose of seeing the child and his sister. The police got word of the affair, and set out from Benalla last week, but the bird had flown and, as has been reported, tbe police returned without any success. A large party are again ou the move. A telegram in yesterday's Age says:—'" Mr J. J..Bowman, hamster, and who a Jew years ago* acted for a time as judge of the County Court for the North-Eastern district, died at the Commercial-botel^ Beechworth, at about five o'clock ou Saturday morning. The day before he had been at Yackandandah on business, and there took ill, spitting blood. He was ^conveyed to Beechworth, but never rallied. His funeral took place on Sunday afternoon, and was -numerously attended by all classes from all parts of the district. Hewas buried with- Masonic honors, but with no other outward shove, in accordance with a wish expressed by the deceased. His death cost qnitea gloom over the district, of which be has long been a resident, and greatly respected." Sir Berry's return to. Melbourne (says tbe Telegraph) will .be made the occasion of much rejoicing and political demonstration on the part of the National Reform and Protection League. A conference of delegates Irom the various branch •leagues throughout the colony will be held in Melbourne on Tuesday and -Wednesday, tbe 1stand 2nd of July. Ou the evening of the 1st another banquet will -be given to Mr Berry to' welcome him upon his return to tbe colony, and to congratulate him upon the success of his mission. On the following evening the half-yearly public meeting of tbe league will be held at the Temperance Hall, when Mr Berry will deliver an jaddrefis upon the embassy and its results. We find 4he- following in-yesterday's Geelong Advertisers—" An attempt is being made just now' to make political capital-out of the fact that * couple of the woollen factories are^bout shorteniog the days of labor to five <per week. Bad ^legislation and tbe scarcity of monqy-are said to be the causes of this, but that is not the truth. For more than a couple of years past, there bas been .keen competition among- the factories in the colony, and prices have been gradually lowering. -In orderto dispose of the goods manufactured, by th^m. the .mill proprietors in Melbourne and other places ' have been turning out-a- class of goods which is [ •known as * shoddy,' and these, of course, can be sold at a' sacrifice,* and thus first-class goods receive but a moderate demand. Rsthfr than overstock the market at the present time, and submit to' tbe cutting prices caused by the sale of ' shoddy/ the Bar won and .Victorian woollen factories seem inclined to diminiab the hours of labor, and the Victorian Factory directors have decided to work tbe mill for tbe present during fire days in the week." The correspondent of the Telegraph at Mansfield says:—There are some startling revelations coming to light regarding-Monk's affair. The footprints discovered by Toohey a'distance from the .tree, and said to be Monk's, are now found to be 'those of another man, who alighted from his horse •on tbe day of the shooting; I understand this will he "fc worn byThree" men ~ who"w ere in company. Although other witnesses have been paid for attending the enquiry, Monk has not received one penny. Toohey tola one of Monk's witnesses if Monk wanted him he would have to pay hini, The people here are not at all aatUfied with the enquiry, nor its result, and Monk received another letter jlast Saturday, in a feigned handwriting, but the signature attached is that of Frederick Standisb, chief commissioner of police." The recent conspiracy case in Sydney (remarks the Evening Hevss^ has jiirected. public attention to some most discreditable business transactions; «nd if the commercial and social life of Sydney were lsidhare, it would be found that a large part iof. the population is under the thumb of a few grinding capitalists, whe make enormous profits <by practices of which honorable men ought to be eshamed. Goods are forced upon the people, and payment secured by bills of sale, with tbe expectation of the bills lapsing, and the balance being obtained by a sale, which is ruinous to those whose homes are thus broken up. Money is readily lent at Tate* whiehaie most extortionate, jud tbe .victims can scarcely resist,-tor in one way or another they have placed themselves in the usurerVpower. The real'lessou to be learned by all these exposures ia to avoid both the money-lenders and the furniturelenders, who are almost equally skilful in bloodsucking. ; The Government (says the Age) bas resolved to take steps to bring to justice ihe parties implicated in the imposition practised npon selectors in the Horsham district ihe police have already received instructions to tike steps in the matter, jand an individual whose operations have involved many settlers in serious difficulties will not be allowed to leave tbe country natal his proceedings have been brought before a court of justice. It is more than probable that he will be prosecuted for forgery, and when the trial takes place some very important facts will doubtless be brought to ight - ~ --- - • "The best laid schemes of men and mice gang ft aglee,? and Bonxs : weR-~known axiom (says the Ararat Adea-tiser) proved its troth in a gather amusing incident that occurred in our midst on Saturday last. An elderly couple living not far from the town, who by hard striving and perseverance had contrived to accumulate sufficient to ut themselves in a comfortable position, some time ago" "decided, as' ibeyhmd no foxmly of their own, to get over the difficulty by each sending home for an olive branch from-either ride of their respective families, which resulted in the arrival of a nephew and niece representing the two branches. The husband at once coDoaved a strong affection for the niece, announcing his firm intention of endowing her with his property. The wife, as a matter of course, turned warmly to the nephew, the worthy couple arriving at a compromise by agreeing that tff young pwpfr should ultimately wed; little dreaming of Noissa's warning that " The andent saying isno h^esy—and "wedding goes by destiny." Seeing the advantage that the girl possessed, the wife at once b^an to make a provision for bee favorite by intsuepting all the cash she could, and, privately opening an account in her. own name at tbe blank, she at last accumulated aome £8Q0. "No particular opposition was offered by the young couple to ihe proposed union, and Saturday last being tbe day fixed for tbe nuptials, great preparations wee made for their proper celebration at ooe of the hotels in jthe town. ^ On .'tin way to the town the good-OTUnaa told-the nephew of 4he-provision she had made for him, and handed to him a cheque for the amount, and whilst the-hridal party tarried «t tbe inn previous to 4&B; Benedict went out to make aome .purchases. At last all had assembled save the young $BBOW who was to play tbp most prondpfltt chafact«- in the scene, and wbHit foi^. eject, waited i disconsolate^, an active search, was Instituted; hut It was eoou made apparent that the young faUow,after listtng the bank asd cashing hischeoaet had «a3ent&itttfln; away," leaving me intended wife nothing not her sorrow aa a souvenir. It has not transpired that any , tidings have as yet been heard of the rona* way. 