THE CLOVEN EOOT. BY MISS BRADDON, Aothob of " L\t>y Audrey's Sbcbbt," &c.;, &c.; iPublifihetl by special arrangement ■with the Anthor. All rights reserved.] ©j^aptp.h XXVIII.—Edward Clare goes on a Voyage oe Discovery. To sit beside a man's hearth, drink his •wine, shoot his pheasants, and ride his houses would in a savage community he in compatible with the endurance of a deadly hatred against the man. The thoroughbred savage only hates his enemy and the in truding stranger. Mr, Stanley tells us if he could once get close to a tribe to hold a parley with them, he and his followers were safe. The difficulty was that they had to encounter a shower of arrows before they could get within range for conversa tion. When the noble African found tliau the explorer meant kindly;' he no longer thirsted for the white mans blood. His savagery for the most part meant self defence. The ways of civilization are not the ways of the desert. There are men and women whose animosity is not to be appeased by kindness—who will take all they can get from a man and go on hating him cordially to the end. Edward Clare, the sleek, white-handed poet, possessed this con stancy in hatred. John Treverton had done him no direct injury; for the poet s love for Laura had never been strong enough to outweigh prudence. He had wanted Lauia and. Hazelhurst Manor ; not Laura with her modest income of two hunared ana fifty pounds a year. He was angry with fate and Jasper Treverton for the will which bad made Laura's wealth dependent cn her -marriage with fcbe heir; he hated John,Treverton for the good fortune which had-fallen into his lap. " And this hatred wore such a noble aspect in the mans own mind. It was no base envy of another s prosperity ; it was not even jealous anger against a rival, Edward told himself. No, it -was a chivalrous ardor in the defence of the woman he had loved *, it was a gene rous desire to serve her which urged him to pluck the mask from this smooth hypo crite's face. If this man was indeed, as Edward believed, the husband of Zaire Chicot, the dancer, then his marriage with Laura was no marriage, and the con ditions of the will had not been ^fulfilled. The estate, the possession of which could only he secured by a legal marriage within the year following Jasper Treverton s death, had been obtained by an audacious fraud. "Was this great wrong to pass undetected and unpunished ? Was Laura, whose love had been so easily won by this scoundrel, to go on blindly trusting in him, until some day an accident should reveal his infamy and her dishonor ? No, Edward believed that it was his duty to let in the light upon . this iniquitous secret; andhe determined to Iojito BQ stone unturned in the fulfilment Of his mission. , This fellow Desrolles was evidently a creature of John Treverton's. His denial of the identity between the two men wont for nothing in Edwards mind. _ There must he plenty of people in the neighbor hood of Cibber-street able to identify the missing Chicot if they could only he brought face to face with him. " I wonder you and Mrs^Treverton have not been photographed since your mar riage," Edward said, one afternoon in the Christmas week, when John Treverton was well enough to join the kettledrum party in the boakroom, and they four, Mr. and Mrs. Treverton, Celia, and Edward, were sitting round a glorious fire. He hud been looking over a volume^ of photographs bv the light of the blazing wood, so the" question seemed natural enough. " Ah, by-the-by, Jack, ! really must have you photographed," said Laura, gaily. " Lady Barker was very particular in her request for. our photographs the other day. She has a very fine collection, she tells me." « About a hundred and fifty of her bosom friends, I suppose," retorted John Tre verton, "all simpering in the highest style of art, and trying to look unconscious _ of the photographer's iron collar gripping them by the scruff of the neck. No, Laura, I am not going to let the sun make a cor rect map of my wrinkles^ in order that I -may jvsim the simperers in Lady Barker s photograph album, that fashionable refuse for the destitute in brains, after a dull ►dinner." "Do you mean to say that you have 'never been photographed ?" asked Edward. "No, I do not. I had my photograph taken by Nadar, a good many years ago, when I was young and frivolous." " Oh, Jack, how I should like to have a picture of what you were years ago," ex claimed Laura. " What has become of all the photographs ?" " Heaven knows," answered John, care lessly ; " given to Tom, Dick, and Harry— scattered to the four winds. I have not kept one of them." "Nadar," repeated Edward, musingly; 1 you are talking of the man in Paris, I suppose ?" " Yes." " Y ou know Paris well ?" "Every Englishman who has spent a fortnight tbere would _say as much as that," answered Jehn Treverton carelessly. "I know my way from the Louvre to the Palois iioyal, and I know two or three famous restaurants, where a man may get a French dinner, if he likes to pay for it with its weight in gold." Nothing.-more was said upon the subject of photographs. Edward Glare left Hazel hurst next day for London. He was not going to be long away, be told bis father and mother, but heveanted to-see a manager who bad -made overtures to' him lor a legiti mate historical drama in blank .verse. "He was struck by a dramatic fragment I wrote for one • of i;he magazines," said Edw avd, ■" and be haaiaken it-, into his head that I eould -write as good a play as the «Hunchback' or the 'Lady of Lyons.'" " Oh, do .go - and see Mm, Ted," cried Celia, with enthusiasm. " It would be awfully jolly :if you were to write a play. "We shoaiidhave to go-up to town to see the first performance." " Should weT" interrupted the Vicar, withoutdGoking up from'his "(John Bull,'' "and pray who would ;find the money for our railway fare.and our hotel bih ?" "Why you, -ef cousse/ cried Celia. "That would be a more 'bagatelle. If Edward -were to hurst upon the world as a succeseful■ dramatic author be would be on the high road to fortune, and we eould all afford a little extravagance. But who is your manager, Ted, and who are the actors who are to act in your play ?" enquired •Celia, anxious for detail. " 1 shall .-say nothing -about that till my iplay is written and accepted/ answered ■Edward. "The whole affair is in the .clouds at present." ^ •Celia gave .a short impatient sigh. Bo rmanv of her brother's literary schemes had ibegun and ended in the clouds. "[I suppose I am to tafce care of your den while you are away," she said presently, i! .-".and.dust you? books and papers ?" "I £&all; he glad if you will preserve jthtan from the profane hand of my mother's last domestic treasure in the shape of a new housemaid," answered Edward. Before any one could ask him. any more questions the 'bus from the George was at the Vicarage gate, waiting to take him to Hie station at Bsechampton, iu company with two ohese farmers and a rosy-cheeked girl going out to service, and carrying a nosegay of winter flowers, a bandbox, and an umbrella. How sweet and fresh the air wtte m the clear December morning, almost the last of the year! How picturesque the winding lane, the wide sweep of cultivated valley, and distant belt of hill and moor. Edward Clare's. eyes roamed across the familiar scene, and saw nothing of its tran quil beauty. His mind was absorbed in the business that lay before him. His heart was full of rancor. He was tormented by that worst of all foes to a man's peace—an envious mind. The image of John Trever ton's good fortune haunted him like a wicked conscience. He could not go his own way and forget that his neighbor was luckier than himself. Had Fate smiled upon his poetic efforts, had some sudden and startling success whisked him up into the seventh heaven of literary fame, at the same time filling his pockets, he might possibly have forgiven John Treverton; but with the sense of failure goading him, his angry feelings were perpetually intensifying. He was iu the London streets just as dusk was falling, after a cold, uncomfort able journey. He took his travelling bag in his hand, and set out on foot to find a lodging, for his funds were scanty, as he had not ventured to ask his father for money since his return to the Vicarage. It was an understood thing that he was to have the run of his teeth at Hazelhurst, and that his muse was to supply all other wants. He did not go to the street where he had lodged before—a narrow dismal street be tween Holborn and the British Museum. He went to the more crowded quarter hounded on one side by Leicester-square, on the other by St. Martin's-lane, and betook himself straight to Cibber-street. He had made up his mind to get a room in that un inviting spot, if any decent shelter were available there. Before seeking for this accommodation elsewhere he went to look at the house to which La Chicot's murder had given such an awful notoriety. lie found it more re putable of aspect than when he had last seen it, a few days after the murder. A new wire blind shaded the lower part of the parlor window, new red curtains drooped gracefully over the upper panes. The window itself looked cleaner and brighter than it had ever looked during the stately Mrs. Rawber's occupation of the ground floor. A new brass plate on the door bore the inscription, "Mr. Gerard, surgeon." Edward Clare contemplated this shining brass plate with the blank gaze of disap pointment. Ile'concluded, not unnaturally, that the whole house had passed into the possession of Mr. Gerard, surgeon, and that ; Mrs. Evitt had gone forth into the wilder ness of London, where she would he more difficult to find than poor Hagar and her son in the sandy wastes of the great desert. While he stood ruminating upon this ap parent change in the aspect of affairs his eye wandered to the window looking into the area beneath the parlor, from which : there came a comfortable glow of light. The occupant of the basement bad not drawn down the illuminated blind which generally shaded her domesticity.from the vulgar eye: and, seated by her kitchen fire, j indulging in the inexpensive luxury of j slumber, Edward beheld that very Mrs. j Evitt whom he had supposed lost in the metropolitan labyrinth. He had no doubt as to those corkscrew curls, that vinegar visage. This was the woman with whom he had tallied for half an hour on that day when lie had inspected the scene of the murder under the pretence of looking for lodgings. He went up the steps to tlio door, mere were two bells, one labelled Surgery, the other Ho"dse. Edward rang the latter, which was answered after an interval by the landlady, looking cross and sleepy. At sight of Mr. Clare, with his travel ling bag in his hand, she scented a lodger and brightened. "Have you a decent bedroom to let on your second iloor f" he asked; for although he was no believer in the influences of the spirit world, he would have preferred spending the December night upon the bleakest and windiest of the bridges to lying down to rest in the room where La Chicot bad been slain. "I've got my first floor empty," said Mrs. Evitt; " beautiful rooms, all new papered and painted." "I'd rather go higher up," answered Edward. " You had a lodger named Des rolles. What has become of him ?" "Gone to travel in foreign parts," re plied the landlady. "I believe lie bad money left him. lie was quite the gentle man when he started—everything new, from his portmanchew to his railway rug." " Can 1 have his rooms for a few nights ? I am only in town as a bird of passage, but I don't want to go to an hotel." "Their charges are so 'igh, and there's no privacy in 'em," said Mrs. Evitt, with a sympathetic air, as if she divined his inmost feelings. "You can have Mr. Desrolles's rooms, sir, and we shan't quarrel about the rent." "The rooms are clean, I suppose f" Edward hazarded. "Clean!" exclaimed Mrs. Evitt, lifting up her eyebrows with the indignation of outraged innocence. " Noboby that has ever lodged with me would ask that ques tion. Clean! no house -of mine ever har bored dirt." " I should like to see the bedroom',' said Edward. " The sitting-room matters -very -little. I shall be out all day." " If you'll wait while I fetch a candle T'll show you both rooms," replied the landlntly. " I suppose you want to come in \--at once." " Y es. I have iust come from the country, and have no .more luggage than this hag. I can pay you for the rooms in •advance if you like." " Money comes unoemmouly haridy now that provisions have rose to such a •heighth," returned Mrs. Evitt, with .-an in sinuating air1. " Not that I could eves feel • a instant's doubt respecting a young gent of your appearance." "Money down is the best reference," -said Edward. " Tm a stranger in London. Here's a sovereign. I suppose that'll square -us if I only keep the rooms a week ?" " There'll he a trifle .for boot cleaning," •insinuated Mrs. Evitt. " Oh, very well." '" And half-a-crown for'kitching fire." -"■Ob, come now,-I won't stand kitchen 'fire. You don't suppose I'm going to dine -here. If you bring me up a cup of tea -of ;a morning it is all I shall want, and the Are that boils your kettle will boil mine." " A.trifle for attendance, than." " I'll.promise nothing. If >.y-ou make me comfortable I shall not forget jyou at part ing." " Very-well, sir," siglied .the landlady.! " I .suppose it wilLcome to the. same in the : end, but I alwayf think it best for all • parties to put things clear." She retirad into t&e; darkness at .the end of the narrow passage, the dark- brown wainscot of which was dimly .lighted by an old-fashioned oil lamp, and returned in a minute or two with.a tallow candle in a capacious tin candlestick. With this light she preceded Mr. Clare up the staircase, whose shallow uneven steps and heavy balustrade gave evidence of its age. On the first-floor landing: Mrs. Eviit paused to recover her breath, .ancjJEdward ■ felt an icy thrill of horror as he found him self .opposite the bedroom door. " Is that the room where that poor woman was murdered he asked. " Yes, sir," replied Mrs. Evitt, with a deprecating sigh, "it is the room, and I won't deceive you. But it has been done up so nice since that nobody as ever knew it before would be able to recognise it. My landlord acted very liberal; 'anything that paint and paper can do to set you right ■with your lodgers, Mrs. Evitt, shall be done,' says he. 'You've been a good tenant,' says he, 'always punctual to the minute with your rent,' he says, 'and I should take it to heart if you were to suffer.' Gome in and look at the roam, sir, and you'll see that there isn't a more cheerful bedroom in this part of London." Mrs. Evitt flung open the door with a flourish of pride, and led the way into the oom with uplifted candlestick. " That's a brand new bedstead," she said, "from Maples, in Tottenham Court- road, where the Empress of the French gets her furniture. And there aint a inch of carpet or a bit of bedding that was in the room when—when—what you mentioned took place." Mrs. Evitt had pinned her faith upon vivid color as a charm to exorcise poor Zaire's ghost. A sixpenny chintz of all the colors in the rainbow draped window and bed. A painted drugget of corresponding violence hid the worm-eaten old boards, upon which soap, sand, and soda had been vainly expended in the endeavor to remove the dark traces of the awful stream which bad travelled from the bed to the threshold. The dressing-table was draped with white muslin and rose-colored calico. The chimney-piece was resplendent with a pair of Bohemian glass vases and a gilded clock. Colored lithographs in the vilest German art brightened the walls. "Don't it look cheerful?" asked Mrs. Evitt. "Is that the little room where the hus band used to work?" inquired Edward, pointing to the door. "Yes, but that doesn't go with the drawing-rooms. I've let it to Mr. Gerard for a room to put his hooks in. He's such a man for books. They overrun the place." ""Who is Mr. Gerard ? Oh, by the way, that is the surgeon downstairs. How long has he been lodging with you ?" "It was about a month after poor Madame Chicot's death when he came. ' I'm going to set up in business for my self, Mrs. Evitt,' he says. 'I ain't rich enough to buy a practice,' said he, 'sol must try and make one for myself, some how,' he says. ' Now yours is a pretty crowded neighborhood, and I think Imiglit do if you let me your ground-floor cheap. It would be for a permanency,' says he,' so that ought to make a difference.' 'I'll do my best to meet you,' says I, ' but my rent is high, and I never was an hour behind with it yet, and I never will he.' Well, sir, I let him have the rooms very low, considering their value, for I was that de pressed in my sperrits it wasn't in me to 'aggie. That ungrateful viper, Mrs. Bawber—a woman I'd waited on hand and foot, and fried onions for her until I've many a time turned faint over the frying pan. And she'd gone and turned her back upon me in isy trouble, and took a second floor over a bootmaker's, where the smell of leather must be enough to poison a respectable female!" " Has My, Gerard succeeded in getting a practice ?" asked Edward, "Well,he do have patients," answered the landlady, dubiously; "gratis ones a many, between the hours of eight and nine every morning. He's very steady and quiet in his liabit3, and that moderate that he could live where another would starve. He's a wonderful clever young man, too; it was him—much more than the grand doctor—that pulled Madame Chicot through after her accident." " Indeed!" said Edward, becoming sud denly interested; " tlien Mr. Gerard knew the Chicots r" " Knew'm! I should tliink he did, in deed, poor young man. He attended Madame Chicot night and day for months, and if it hadn't been for him I believe she'd have died. There never was a doctor so devoted, and all for love. He didn't take a penny for his attendance." "A most extraordinary young man," said Edward. They went up to the second floor, and Mr. Clare was introduced to the apartments upon which Desvolles had turned his back for ever. The furniture was of the shab biest, but the rooms looked tolerably clean, much cleaner than they had appeared durirg the eccupation of Mr. Desrolles. Edward flung down his travelling bag, and expressed himself contented with the accommodation. "Don't put me iuto damp sheets," he said, whereupon Mrs. Evitt threw up her hands in honor, and almost wept as she protested against so heartlessan imputation. " There isn't a carefuller woman than me ahout airing linen in all London," she ex claimed. "I'm oyer particular. I've scorched many a good pillow-case in my carefuluess; but I'm the only loser by that, and I don't mind." " I must go and get some dinner," said Edward. " And then I think I'll drop in at a theatre. I suppose you can give me a latch-key." " You can have the very key that Mr. Desrolles had," replied Mrs. Evitt, graciously, as if according a peculiar pri vilege. " I don't care whose key it is as long as it will open the door," answered the inap preciative poet, and then he put the key in his pocket and went out to . regale himself cheaply at a Erench restaurant, and then to the pit of a popular theatre. He had come to London on a particular errand, but he meant to get-as much pleasure out ef his visit as he could. Erom the moment that Edward Clare heard of George Gerard's attendance upon Madame Chicot he became desirous of making Mr. Gerard's acquaintance. He was a man who could help him in the busi ness he had to carry through. Here was a man who must know the dancer's hus band intimately—a man who could identify Jack Chicot in the present Squire Hazel hurst. This was the man of men whom it was valuable for Edward Clare to know. Having ones made up bis mind upon this point, Mr. Clare did not lose any time in making use of his opportunities. HeeallecL upon Mr. Gerard on the morning after bis arrival in town. It was only a little after nine when he presented himself at the surgeon's door, so anxious was he to secure an interview.before Mr. Gerard left home. He found George Gerard sitting at bis modest breakfast of bread and butter and coffee, an open'book beside him as he ate. Edward's eye marked the neatness of his surgeon's attire, marked also that hiseaat had been worn to.the last stage of shahiii ness at ail compatible with respectability. A month's wear more and the surgeon would be out at elbows. He observed alse the thick slices of bread and butter—the doubtful-looking coffee, with an odor - .suggestive of horse beaua. Here, evidently «,was a man for whom :ths struggle to live •.was hard. Such a man vrould naturally be ■easy to deal -with. (Qeorge Gerard>rase to a'eceive him with ;a, pleasant smile. •"'Mrs. Evitt told .me that you wanted to see,me," he said, waving liiikand to a.chair beside his somewhat pinched ire. Scientific arrangements of fee brick had been .adapted to the roomy qld grate since Mis. Jtawber's tenancy, .aud it now held a minimum <of fuel. "Yes, Mr. Gerard, I very mush want half-amhour's talk with you/' "I can give you just half au hour before I start for my day's work," answered Gerard, with a business-like air and a glance at tbe neat little clock on the cbimneypiece. Tbe room was curiously changed since Mrs. llawber's occupation. It had then appeared the model of the vulgar lodging house parlor. It now looked the room of a student. George Gerard had been able to spend very little money on the decoration of his apartments, but he had lined the walls with deal shelves, and the shelves were filled with books; such volumes asyour genuine book hunter collects with laving toil in the lanes and by-ways of London, He had put a substantial old-fashioned writing table in the window, a pair of com fortable arm-chairs by the hearth, a skele ton clock, and a couple of bronze figures picked up in one of the back slums of Covent Garden for a song—on the mantel piece, and the general effect was of a room which a gentleman might occupy without a blush. Edward Clare saw all this, not without a sharp pang of envy. He recognised in the capacity to endure such an existence the power to climb the rugged hill of Fame. "This is the kind of man to succeed in life," he '..thought, " But one can't expect this dogged endurance in a man of poetic temperament." "Bo you wish to consult me profes sionally ?" asked Gerard. "No. What I have to say relates to a very serious matter, but is neither a pro fessional question for you, nor a personal affair of mine. You knew the Chicots." . It was Gerard's turn to be interested. He looked at the speaker with sudden in tensity, which brightened every feature in his face. " Yes. What of them ? Did you know them? I never saw you here when she was ill. You knew them in Paris, per haps ?" " No ; I never saw Madame Chicot off the stage.; ;But I am deeply interested in the discovery of her murderer, not for my own sake, but for the protection of some one I esteem. Have you seen John Chicot since the murder ?" "No. If I had-—" George Gerrard stopped suddenly, and left his sentence unfinished. " If you had you would have given [him up to the police, as his wife's murderer. Is that what you were going to say ?" " Something very near it. I have strong reason to believe that he killed her; and yet there is ground for doubt. If be were the murderer why should he alarm the bouse ? He might have gone quietly away, and the crime would not have been disco vered for hours afterwards." "Hyper-caution, no doubt. Murderers often over-act their parts. Yet, if you look at the thing, you will see he was obliged to give the alarm. Had he not done so, had he gone away and left his wife lying dead, it would have been obvious that he and he alone was her assassin. By rousing the household he put on at least the semblance of innocence, however his flight might belie it after wards." " It is a profound mystery," said Gerard. "A mystery only to those who refuse to accept the natural solution of the enigma. Here was a man with a drunken wife. It is an acknowledged fact, I believe, that Madame Chicot was a drunkard?" "Yes, poo? soul, He might have let hex kill herself with the brandy bottle. Ke would not have bad long to wait." " A man so fettered may get desperate. Suppose that I could prove "to you that this Chicot had the strongest possible tempta tion to rid himself of his wife by any means, fair or foul. Suppose I could tell you that his inheritance of a large estate was contingent upon his marriage with another woman; that he had already, in order to secure that estate, contracted a bigamous marriage with that other woman —she innocent as an angel, poor girl, throughout the plot. Suppose I 'could prove ell this, what would you say Of Jack Chicot then ?" "'Most assuredly I would say that he did the deed. Only show me. that he had a motive strong enough to urge him to crime —I know of my own experience that he was tired of his wife—and I will accept the evidence that points to him as the mur derer." "Do you think that evidence strong enough to convict him ?" "On that point 1 am doubtful. His flight is damning evidence against him; and then there is the fact that at the bottom of his color box there lay a dagger which corresponded in form to the gash upon that poor creature's, throat. I found the dagger, and it is now in the possession of the police. It hears the dark tarnished stain that blood leaves upon steel, and I have no doubt in my own mind that it was with that dagger la Chicot was killed. But these two points comprise tlie wnoie evi dence against tlie husband. They are strong enough to afford a presumption against his innocence; but I doubt if they are strong enough to hang him." " Let it be so. I don't want to hang him, but I do want to rescue the woman X once fondly loved—for whom I still care more than for any other woman on earth— from a marriage that may end in her misery and untimely death. "What must be the fate of such a man as this Chicot, if he is, as you believe, and as I believe, guilty. Either remorse will drive him mad, or he will go on from crime to crime, sink ing lower in the scale 'of humanity. Let me but strip the mask from his face, separate him for ever from his inno cent wife, and I am content. To do this I want your aid. Jack Chicot has dis appeared from the ken of all who knew him. The man who hore that name is now a gentleman of landed estate, respected and respectable. Will you he disinterested enough to waste a couple of days, and travel over three hundred miles, in order to help me to identify the late adventurer in the present lord of the manor ? Your journey shall not cost you sixpence." " If I go at all, I shall go at my own ex pense," answered Gerard, curtly; " but you must first show me an adequate reason for doing what you ask." " To do that I must tell you a long story," answered Edward. And then, without mentioning the names of people or of places, he told the story of Jasper Treuerton's will, and of Laura Mal colm's marriage. The facts, as he stated them, went far to show John Treverton a scheming scoundrel, capable of committing a crime of the darkest kind to further his own interest. "The case against him looks black, I admit,'" said Gerard, when Mr. Clare had finished. " But there is one difficult point in the story. You say that in order to secure the if or tune Chicot married the young lady in the January before Madame Chicot's death. Now if he had made up his mind to get rid of his lawful wife by foul means, why did he not do it before he contracted that marriage instead of after wards ? The crime would have been the same—the danger of detection no greater. The murder .committed after the second enarriage was an anachronism." ""Who .can fathom his motives? He asay have had no design against his wife's Mfe when he married the ladv I know. He may have helieved.it possible to so arrange his life that no one could ever recognise Jack Chicot In the country squire. He may have thought that he could buy his freedom from Madame Chicot. Perhaps it was only when he found that her love or her jealousy was not to he hook-winked that he conceived the idea of murder. No man—assuredly, no' man of decent ante cedents—leaches the pinnacle of guilt at a leap." "Well," sighed Gerard, after a pause, " I will go with you, and see this man. I had a curious interest in that poor creature's career. I would have done much to save her from the consequence of her own folly, hprd it been possible. Yes, I will go with ;ou. I should like to know the end of the story." It was agreed between the two young men that they were to go to Devonshire together in the first week of the new year, Edward Clare remaining only a week in London. Gerard was to accompany Clare as his friend, and te stay at the vicarage as his guest. (To be continued.) 