THE ACADEMY OF MUSIC. MBS. F. M. BATES AND MR. THEO. HAMILTON. It la to be hoped that the public will begin to comprehend that) with the advent of good performers, the plays to be produced at the Academy of Musio can be made well worth sitting oat, however mediocre some of the pieces may have been in the past. There was strong evidence on Saturday night, November 22, that popular patronage might be divided between the Theatre _B/>yal and the Academv, and yet not be distributed in vain. There is a most derided change for the better in the con stitution of the company at the Academy; and the audience, albeit thin, showed their hearty appreciation of Mr. George Gibboos's endeavour to provide for their amusement by making no for their lack of numbers by their lavish applause. If the pleasure-seeking majority would but understand that liberal patronage generally has a sort of fertilizing property, and. like rain to the earth, encourages the growth of good things, they would get more of what they want. Great booses draw good actors, for vthere the money is there will the speculators in talent be gathered together—if it is a talent that returns paying in terest. It has often been said that a good craftsman can work with bad tools,and with poor appliances much can be done by the exercise of judgment. The performance presented at the Academy of Music on Saturday u^nnyh given disadvantage*, miArts ja, thorough success— barring the attendaifce£«wMch it ia to be hoped will now beoomp more worthy of the clta ef romantic^ Barbarian," which Las becomes© familiar Tffire by repetition■ and yet :has: neyempaled, ptincipal performer* were i^s/F. M. Bate*, an old favourite,' and.Mr. ^Theodore fftwiibin^ a popnlaractor from the other ,colony. Both met with a most flattering reception, and both, thoroughly deserved it. Mrs.Batesis a young American actress of some versatility, whose forte, however, .is the emotional and pathetio, and who possesses a pleasing voice, charming manner, and great power of . expression. .She made her debut here in October, 1873, at the Theatre Royal in-the play of "Froa Frou,*and created a most favourable. impression. Ttsr representation of the character of "the devoted Greek maiden, Parthenia, at the . Academy on Saturday 'night was ' all that could be desired. In the interview witiL her ambitions shallow-minded 'mother she waa" very natural. Subsequently, in repelling tho loathsome addresses of that miserable, selfish,, parsimonious old wretch Polydor, whom her' mother wishes her to wed, she displayed groat power. The bitter sarcasm with which she mst his reluctant'qualified promise to aid he father if she accepted him as her husband was finely pnt, and her actionjexpressed all the contempt and abhorrence her lips left unsaid. Her agouy at the capture of her father by the Alemanni, her impulsive appeal to Polydor, and h»rPi^ resolve to seek her parentin the very eamp of Ingomar and his horde, were finished pieces of acting. In her varied moods which Ingoma% as she brought to bear upon his barbaric but noble nature ul the gentle subtle arts of coquetry.;. till finally she realized herself the very power of the love she sought to teach, she displayed a throughly clever appreciation of the feelings that were supposed to sway her.. The role of Ingomar was ably sustained l>y Mr. Theodore Hamilton, who In physique was admirably fitted for the part of the herculean,, fierce, lion- hearted barbarian, but his naturally deep voice was muffled to indistinctness by a had cold from which he was evidently suffering. He put the character of the Alemanni chief in a favourable light, and did not make him a blood - drinking, fighting, skin clad bully, as some actors do. Ia Mr. Hamilton's hands Ingomar was a fine free hearted son of the mountains, haughty in his bearing, and a chief among men whose culture was of the camp and whose ideas were lofty; but whose ignorance of the softer emotions of the soul made Mm an easy prey to the charm of the Greek girl, whose nature, being: as noble as his own, met hi* in sympathy, and soon realized the force of the song she sang— " Two souls with but a single thought, Two hearts that beat as one." Mr. T. Herndon's idea of Myron, the father of Parthenia, was a good one. and he did nob burlesque it. Mr. Ohatles Hall deserves commendation for his admirable rendering, of the unpleasing role of Polydor, whoso narrow, miserly, vindictive disposition, he displayed with considerable cleverness*, and his make-up was excellent. The imper sonator of the Timarch of Massila only dressed the part; his acting was unworthy of the name, as he appeared to have almost as little vigour of speech or knowledge of elocution as a graven image. Miss Nellie Vivian was very good as Actea (Myron's wife), and Mr, J. H. Martin in the small part he had to play as _ Alaster, one of the chiefs of the Alemanni, did his duty as he always does. The rest of the characters were fairly sustained, «nil the scenery was very creditable. Mrs. Bates and Mr. Hamilton were called before the cur tain after every act, and were applauded to the echo. Mrs. F. M. Bates and Mr. Theo. Hamilton niade their second appearance on Monday even ing at this place of amusement to a somewhat thin house. They came out in a new piece, selecting the drama of "Dora," which is founded upon Tennyson's poem of that name. Aa our readers will remember, Dora lives on the farm of her ve»y stern and unbending uncle. Farmer Allen, and he makes up hia mind that she shall become tne wife of his son William. This she is content to do, as she secretly lores him, bat as he refuses to wed her the farmer casts him and the wife of his selection out of doors. William die*, leaving a son, aud Dora, after helping Ms family in various wavs, contrives, by way of winning the farmer's heart to the boy, to bring his grandson to him in the fields, at first telling the old man that -the little fellow is the son of a gleaner. When the former learns the truth he declares in a fit of passion that he will take the boy, but that Ms mother must not cross his door, and that Dora most never see his face again. Dors and Mary, the mother of the boy, live together, but Mary seeks the fanner, and entreats him to send her eon back to her, and restore Dora to his house. The ice of the old man's anger at last thaws, and he admits that he has been wrong, and while he takes his daughter-in-law, niece, and grandson home, he agrees to Dora's marriage with Luke Blomfield—a neigh bouring farmer's son, who has proved her most constant lover — and figuratively orders th& fatted calf to be killed. In the marriage of Dora at the end the dramatist departs from the plot of the poem, as according to Tennyson Dora dies unmarried. We were very much pleased with the manner in which Mrs. F. M. Bates performed her part. It is one in which there is room for the display of a good deal of the emotional style of acting, but while her rending was refreshing in its simple naturalness she gave way very little to the declamatory style, which would have been a great mistake. We cannot speak, in terms of too high praise of the Farmer Allen of Mr. Theodore Hamilton. It was splendidly got up. The farmer was just the sort of ""»i we imagine him to be in Tennyson's poem. The dramatist has done the character very little injustice in transferring Mm to the stage, while the style in wMch Mr. Hamilton in terpreted the conception of the stubborn old man who " always was in the right" and would not be turned from his purpose though every bone in his body was broken, calls for all praise. Both the artists we have mentioned were repeatedly summoned by the audience, and after a song, wMch she sang very sweetly, Mrs. Bates was presented with a floral wreath. Luke Blomfield in the hands of Mr. Vivian became a somewhat inanimate lover. William Allen was very fairly played by Mr. Hall. The part of Mary was in the hands of Miss Glare Goldsby, who made it a good average per formance; and Little Blanche played excel lently well as Willie, the little grandson. The scenery was effective, and the piece was put on the stage in a very complete manner. ,'okcebt to Mb. Gbobgb E. Lotav.—On day evening, 21st November, a compli atary benefit concert was given in the Gawier titute Hall, being tendered to Mr. G. E. rau by his many friends and well-wishers on occasion of his leaving for Adelaide. Mr. ran has for the past 18 months filial the ition of Editor to the Bunyip. Mr. W. Icolm, J.P., occupied the chair. The atten ce was not so large as was expected. The Formance was opened by an overture by Mr. gs's brass band, which was given very iitably. Mrs. Thwaites then played a qo solo, after which the Chairman re ted that it {afforded him great pleasure >e present. The position Mr. Loyau had held some considerable time had been no mean . The power of the Press was growing and lid still continue. Mr. Loyau doubtless had. iden on some persons' corns, as it was impos e for an Editor to please everybody. other e he would be like the man with his donkey;, a man who tried to please everybody found difficult task. Mr. Loyau had evidently tried lo his duty in advocating what he thought ; tor the interest of the town. He had also d to get up the Saturday-night concerts, it was through no fault of his that they had sb through; but the fault rested with the pie of Gawler themselves. He would pub 7 express his thankfulness to Mr. Loyau for kindness in assisting in cases of sickness and resa, He had always on those occasions done best in getting np entertainments and ;ing prologues. He concluded by wishing. Loyau prosperity. Mrs. Farxall, from North laide, then sang " I cannot mind my wheel, her," and was loudly applauded. Next came TVS. Harvey with'Ms musical selection on instruments, the manipulation of which was ighly appreciated that it brought down the se. Mrs. James and Mr. J. H. Veale then {very creditably the duet," Gipsy Countess." song, Mr. A. Parln, "Jaw's Tarn," well received, after which followed xposition of the rope-tying feat by Professor A Jones, with wMch the audience seemed e pleased. Mrs. James sang " The Parting," received a well-merited enoore, bat cm ed herself with bowing her aeknowleig- . t. Perhaps the song of the evening was , Farrall'e " Chide not, my heart," for which ivas most heartily encored, and in response ; very sweetly "Come where the moonbeams er." Mr. J. O. Wilkinson recited "The i of Waterloo" very creditably indeed. A. by Mr. J. H. Veale came next, "Nil lerandnm," and waa well received. Mrs. es sang very artistically " Kathleen Mavour • l." and received an encore. Mr. W. S% rey gave another instrumental selection, . which the audienee were higMy delighted Farrall sang "Thy Face" with very good i. Mr. Loyau here came forward, and waa ted with loud applause. He gave a ation specially composed by hims^'f, rewell to Gawler," in good style. M «. aites ao*ed as pianoforte accompanist wi >h isual taste. lwefit Ektertainhbnt. — On Taesd y t an entertainment, under the patronage e Freemasons, was given in White's Boo <•* he benefit of Mr. D'Arcy Bead, who lately a series of ghost exhibitions in the sane y and haa since sufferedsome misfortunes, ^ether a very enjoyable evening wai speac. 