\- FROM ®te Citrate ter tjte Cmtfeirf : A Narrative belonging to tho Nineteenth Century. \- : BY : A CHURCHMAN. . .CHAPTER XIX.— Continued. faith and love under a new form. ".But,Michael, you acknowledge they have them'('an'dbow down to them, and both these acts!/ are forbidden inthe commandment ; and then you say the people only worship what the images represent— that is, besides Christ, the Virgin. Mary, the' apostles, and the saints; but iB not worshipping these idolatry ; for were they not creatures like us, and God's Word says : ' Thou. shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Hjm only shalt thoii serve5 ? Then, Michael, yoji' talk about altars 'and priests just as if you hd been, born a Papist instead of being born of gOjpcl Protestant aha Christian parents, Who sent you. to school' where the Bible was tatight; and who taught you themselves. ' You know that in the New' Testament there are no more' altars and priests than there aire images and pictures. Jesus Christ is the only priest given to us Christians, and His altar would be the cross on which He was sacrificed. ' You never read of Paul or Peter, or John or James, speaking about altars and priests ; for in their days there were no such things. They spoke of Jesus as the only priest, and His own sacrifice of Himself as all- sufficient to deliver from sin and death, and to make believers in it heirs of everlasting life." "Well, Jane," Michael replied, " I suppose I once thought the same as you do, but now I know that Protestants do not belong to the true Church, out of which there is no salvation. Their, religion was invented by Henry the Eighth, because the Pope would not allow him to put away his lawful wife, and marry a bad woman that he was living with. I wonder Protestants are not ashamed of their Church that began in such a wicked way. They ought to ask the Holy Father, to forgive them aud take them back again." . -:"Michael, I could cry , over your folly to believe such stupid nonsense as that. What was' Henry the Eighth, , or . any one, be be king or beggar, to do with my salvation ? Henry the Eighth did not write the Scriptures, and there I find ihy religion and my Church. I do not know -or, care what Henry the, Eighth did hundreds of years ago, but I know what Jesus, did many hundreds of years before that, and it is in Him 1 trust, not in any king or any Church." '' But,: Jane," Michael answered, " don't you know; that there was . but one Church in the; world until a wicked, monk called Luther, from some place abroad, who wanted to marry a nun that he was in.love with, fell out with the Pope, and persuaded a great many people to leave the true Churcli and - set up another, and that he might persuade them to have him . for their Pope ? " "That's., more of Priest Curwen's lies," angrily responded Jane, " and you are such a fool as to believe lfim. Of course the Papist hate the religion of the Bible, which is con trary to theirs, therefore they do all they can to keep the Bible from the people ; but even they.cannot deny that the Bible is the Word of God written for our instruction, and surely, Michael, it must be a mad thing for any poor sinners like us to prefer man's fables and lies to God's truths. Lutlmr had never seen a Bible until he was twenty years' old, and then the Holy Spirit opened his eyes to see that if that blessed book was true the. religion of the Pope must be' a lie." "Now, Jane," asked Michael, " did not Luther confess that the. devil helped him to invent his new religion ? " A "Nonsense, Michael, Luther was one of Satan's greatest enemies, for he taught poor sinners what Satan did not want them to know, that there is no salvation in any but the Lord Jesus Christ, and whosoever came to Him without saint or priest, but directly, just as they were, He would receive and save them. What the devil wishes people to believe is that they must try and save themselves, or trust in some poor fellow-sinner to do it for them. Luther did not want any one but God to help him to read and understand the Bible, where he found that man was justfied by faith and not by works." But, Jane, who can tell what the true faith is unless, they are taught by them that have come after the apostles, and that Jesus Christ has promised that they shall make no mistakes ?" " What do we want with men who say they comeafter the apostles, " demanded Jane, ' ' when we have our Lord and His apostles speaking to us in the Bible ? We know that when one poor trembling sinner asked Paul, ' What must I do ,to,.be saved?' he said, 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved': and if you or I, Michael, bad the power to ask Paul the same question now he would give us the -same answer. Is not that the true faith? It is not ' to pray to dead men and women, to ' confess -'our sins to poor worms of the earth like 'ourselves and: get absolution from them, to have j). a wafer-put on our tongue and be told it was a i-whole Christ and that we were to swallow Him ."_L_toi: cross ourselves, to sprinkle ourselves with ' holy- water, to repeat Hail Marys and Pater- ' nosters/to wear trumpery Agnus Deis, scapulars, 1 and: "such things about our necks, to go on ; pilgrimages, to eat fish on Friday, or mortify " Ourselves in some other way. None of these " things will take away our sins or reconcile us to .God. The Holy Ghost says to us in the Bible, 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou < shalt be saved.'" "If that be all, Jane, any wicked person can say I believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and then fancy himself a Christian." "That is the way the Papists argue against . God;" said Jane, with some severity of tone. "If God has said that we are saved by faith in \- ? the-.Lord Jesus it must be true ; but there i3 a "great difference, Michael, between believing and' -i saymg we believe. God only can make us \- '"believers, and then we love Him and hate sin. an True faith works by love. We believe or trust first in Jesus for salvation, and then we feel delivered from the dominion as well as the punishment of sin, and choose to serve God Matt. iv.JlO. from our love to Him and hatred to everything He hates." „ i "Well, Jane, I do not see much difference between what Father Curwen teaches and what Parson Bayley teaches, only Father Curwen's is the old religion, and Parson Bayley and others like him are trying to make the new religion look, like the old. Doesn't that show thot the parsons of the Protestant Church know that the Catholic religion is true, and is the right one.? but why aren't they honest enoueh to say Luther was wrong and Henry the Eighth was wrong, and all them bad men that were called Reformers, and come back to the true Church ? " " I cannot help agreeing with you, Michael," Jane said, "in what you say about Protestant clergymen trying to copy Roman Catholic priests. I wonder they haven't more spirit in them than to take payment for- protesting against Popery; and then doing all they can to help it hnd'bring people ihto it. What should we think' of English generals or colonels drilling their soldiers' to fight for the enemy against . their queen and country ? Such traitors would be shot or hanged, and 1 think they would deserve it." ' ' ' .. . ,- " I don't quite agree with you, Jane, for now I know' that many things that Parson Bayley told us about the Catholic Church was right; only when he knows that and teaches it to others, why does he not come out like a man and help Father Curwen, who is trying to teach Protestants that if they would be saved they must fly to the arms of our Holy Mother the Church." " I am afraid, Michael, that the arms of Holy Mother Church, as you call it, are not the only ones you wish to fly to. If people tell the truth ' of you, there is some one in the Hall kitchen who has been a great helper to Priest Curwen in making you a Papist.' Jane said this as if she enjoyed the opportunity of letting Michael know how little she believed in the sincerity of his perversion to Romanism, and how well she understood his real motives in joining the Church of Rome. Michael now perceived that the conversation was likely to take the turn which he had the best reason for avoiding ; he therefore abruptly concluded it by telling Jane that he was sorry he could not stay to talk with her any longer, as he had to go and cover the melon pits, to see if the cow was all right, and to lock the gates. Jane added to herself, with a sigh, " and to see Nancy Doyle"; but she only said, "Goodnight, Michael," and re-entered the parsonage. ... CHAPTER XX. | A SCHEME WITHOUT , A CHANCE OF SUCCESS. Punctual to the hour appointed, .five o'clock in 'the afternoon, Captain . Golding's : guests assembled in his hospitable villa to enjoy the.- tea and coffee that Julia has made ready for : them, but principally to talk over the affairs ? of : Christ Church, as had been appointed. The; tea party, besides the Captain and Julia, con sisted of three or four ladies, Mr. Steele, Mr.; Montague, master of the Grammar School,, Major- Knox, and Sackville Rumford. The last we have seen received an invitation to be present, although he was not connected with Christ Church, because the host thought it might do him good. Major Knox and Mr. Steele had their own ideas upon the subject, but it was not their business to interfere with Captain Golding's arrangements in his own house, and if he, in his simplicity, thought that young Rumford had any sympathy with Evan gelical people or an Evangelical ohurch and its 'affairs, it was not for them to tell him that he was trusting more to his own kind loving heart than to the evidence of facts patent to all the world besides. Captain Golding loved his daughter as perhaps none but the only parent of an only child, like Julia, can love. She was his earthly all, and the very idea of parting with her filled him with anguish ; but as he looked at his grey hairs and growing infirmities he was warned in language not to be resisted |that the tie that bound them to each other must one day, and that perhaps an early one, be severed, tinder these circumstances he yearned in his secret heart to see his beloved one safely sheltered from the storms of a rude world, before the arm that now encircled her was turned to dust, and the heart that beat and the head that thought for her should beat and think no more. He had too much' delicacy to speak to Julia herself on the subject, and there was no one near him whom he considered precisely the person to take council with in a case like this ; consequently he was left to his own resources, which were amply sufficient, if he had a world of saints or angels to deal with, but which were hot suited to an atmosphere in which there is more falsehood than truth, and more crafty scoundrelism than straightforward dealing.- Consequently he would often have made sad mistakes, not only as regards his worldly affairs in general, but more particularly as regards Julia's settlement in life, were it not for Julia's great shrewdness and force of character, by which she became her dear father's counsellor and leader, even when he leaBt suspected Bhe was exercising an influence over him, or, indeed, was acquainted with the circumstances under which the exercise of that influence was re quired, Captain Golding was not what the world would call a rich man, but his means were ample for supplying him and Julia with every comfort, even every luxury; but both were Christians, and they knew that God had a claim upon them for help to His cause and people, and that claim was liberally responded to. The captain himself had, when he married, beside his pay as a lieutenant in the navy, a competent provision made for him, as a younger son, out of the family estate, and then he received a considerable portion with Julia's mother, which was settled entirely on Julia after his death, so that Julia's position and prospects, in a pecuniary point of view, were very good, and this was known to not a few, so that it was considered, and justly so, that, whether as regarded her Bocial position, personal attrac tions, or financial recommendations, Miss Golding had few matrimonial competitors in Heathfield. That Sackville Rumford should among others —and there were several — have duly appreciated the advantages of an alliance with Julia Golding was only natural, and if the value of tho prize and an inordinate vanity combined to blind his eyes to certain insuperable difficulties which stood in his way, we must not feel much surprise. There were certain conditions in his favour not to be overlooked. His father's position in the parish, the high family connec tion of both parents, the great intimacy and affection that existed between his sister Mary and Julia, his own university education and contemplated position in the Church, with certain expectations from relatives who could not live for ever, which, though at present rather nebulous, were capable of resolving themselves into form and shape as substantial and practical as Sackville and his parents in their day-dreams beheld them — all these qualifi cations, and perhaps some others which he himself discovered in the tall mirror that stood in his tailor's shop, presented, as Sackville aud others thought, a formidable array of claims to the affection, person, and purse of Julia Golding. There was one formidable obstacle which even he could not exclude from his calculation. Julia was a Christian, and he was — well, some would say an anti- Christian,- but we shall content ourselves at present with calling him a sacerdotalist or sacramentarian ; we would- probably have said a Churchman. Be it so, if the contrast is honestly acknowledged between a Churchman per se and a Christian — that is, between one who looks 'to the Church, " the Catholic Church," as it is called, for his religion, and one who looks to Christ for his, or, to put it a little more clearly, one who cannot -believe in a path to heaven that does not lie through the Church, and one who believes in no Church- path but in Jesus only, " the way, the truth, and the life." But, as regards Sackville Rumford, it was almost -absurd to charge him with religion of any sort. He took up with High Churchism only because he must take up with something, but he was quite prepared, for a consideration, to put it down and take up something else. And so it happened that, finding the views ordinarily ascribed to him to be a barrier between him and Julia Golding, he came to the resolution to find out what she believed, and to believe the same, or rather to profess to do so, so long as it served his purpose. The difficulty was to get Julia to believe that he had changed his opinions, and was as Low Church as she could wish. That, he thought, was all that was necessary. As for genuine; Christianity, of course . he knew nothing about it. His policy was to get Captain Golding to receive him in his hew- character, and that he felt sure of, knowing , the unsuspecting simplicity of the man, and through him to' work also on the credulity of ijulia. It will be seen from this how much he" jhad pofited by the teaching he had received, and | was receiving at Sackville , Hall. Indeed,; it is: highly, probable that the whole scheme having : !thel possession of Julia and her money for its; | object! originated there. It was worthy of the" Jesuit clique that worked in secret there, and- idespised no weapon that promised success to the society and injury to the cause of Ghrist. - J Julia was in no danger. She knew Sackville itoo well. They had been children together, and 'she remembered the boy sufficiently to be con vinced that he was "father to the man," and: 1 therefore she was prepared for any artifice which ; he might practise. Not so her father. Trans parent as glass himself, he could not suspect deceit or treachery in another, and therefore he was just the man for such a schemer as Sack ville to try his experiment on. And of course, as the Rumfords and Goldings were, to some extent, neighbours, opportunities for encounter ing Captain Golding abounded, and a man like Sackville would be sure to select the most favourable. After a few intervals conducted with great address, he succeeded in leading the simple-minded sailor to believe that he was sick of High Church views and practices, but he presented to him that his position was a difficult one. Residing as he did in his father's house, where Mr. Bayley was almost lord paramount, he dare not, he said, openly avow his change of mind, and was therefore obliged to hear opinions broached and measures commended which he could no longer approve, but which he could not becomingly challenge so long as he was an inmate of the parsonage. He also feared, he added, that if he fell out with his family, and was obliged Jto leave the parsonage, and of course the town, as he should do to avoid a scandal of estrangement from his parents, the curate would gain such influence, and would be able to play his cards so well, that his father, now in weak health, might be induced to resign the living in his favour, and then the parish would be cursed for years with a pronounced Ritualist, who would, at last, most probably go over to Rome, but not before he had by his Romish teaching and proceedings sent many of his parishioners there before him. Sackville knew the captain's weak point, if weak it can be called — a dread of England's ultimate relapse into Popery. This haunted him perpetually, and as he and Major Knox were close friends and much, together, he wa3 not likely to overlook the indication of it that abounded, or to view such an event even as possible, without the utmost dismay. For Captain Golding was a true patriot. He had fought for his country, and was ready to fight for her again, and rather than see her handed over to the tender mercies of the priests of Rome he would have shed the last drop of blood in his veins. The idea of a Ritualistic clergyman, committed to " all Roman doctrine," hating the Reformation, in which he gloried, and adopting all the superstitious foolery and blasphemy of the " dear sister," as High Church clergymen are not ashamed to designate the Church called in God's Word the Babylonish harlot, exercising a'most irresponsible power in Heathfield, was to him terrible. Mr. Iiumford's ministry was bad enough, ruled as he was by his High Church wife, daughter, and curate ; still, as he was really not a Ritualist himself, only a weak tool in the hands of others, there was an obstructive- ness about his negative submission and some times his nagative obstinacy which to some extent regulated the ecclesiastical thermometer, and kept the parochial atmosphere compara tively cool. What it would be if such a blazing star as Mr. Bayley were to rise in the Church firmament it did not require even less observant men than Captain Golding and Major Knox to surmise. It was natural that a man like Captain Gold ing should be imposed on by Sackville's John xiv. 6. representations, flagrantly false as they were to- any one knowing his character and antecedents. But though the honest sailor knew a good deal of both, he could not resist the tempation to believe, what he devoutly wished to be true, that Sackville's mind was receiving the truth, however broken aud fragmentary that truth yet was, and that there was every hope of a still further and more perfect illumination. When he aBked him why he had not taken counsel with good Mr. Steele, or even with his own sister Mary, his reply was ready and feasible — namely, that for some reason or other he was very narrowly watched by Mr. Bayley; who, of course, would be glad to bring him into collision with his mother and sister, and consequently with his father, for his own purpose. Mr. Steele might let his secret out to his wife, who was a notorious gossip, and his dear sister Mary, though very discreet, might in her exuberant joy betray him to her maid, Jane, or some other- confidential friend, and they to another, and so on. Captain Golding thought there wassome- thingin that plea, and so it served its; purpose. Sackville was crafty enough to perceive that . he would not find it easy to persuade Julia of his- pretended Ghange, and he knew that the first . thing she would do on hearing of it from her father- would-be to hasten off to Mary and. ask. h6r-all about it. To his great relief he learned that Mary was going for .a visit for several weeks to a friend in Suffolk, and he resolved, that Julia should know nothing about his con versations with her father until she was gone. He had already requested Captain Golding not to mention the matter to his daughter for the present, and he hoped that before Mary's return he would have made progress enough with J ulia. to render his position somewhat secure. ; He was now a frequent visitor and guest at- Collingwood, the name of Captain Golding's handsome villa aud grounds,: to Julia's , great annoyance, for she could not help , seeing that she had something to do with it ; but her father had intimated to her that lie hoped to be useful to the young man, and so she struggled against any appearance of - the . dislike she, felt, but rather strove to .make herself agreeable, and perhaps, as is frequent .in;.such -cases, rather overdid it, so .that; Sackville -began to'., feel assured that -he;was proceeding most successfully in the object' he had in view. If he could biilv succeed in baffling such, troublesome friends of the Goldings as Mr. Steele, Major Knox, and one or two other rather keen-sighted Protestants, all would, be well; but that was the great, difficulty, and his invitation to join the party about to assemble at Collingwood, consisting of the very persons of whom he was most afraid, placed: him in; a very awkward position. He knew that subjects very trying to him would be discussed there ; his opinion would probably be asked by Captain Golding' in the simplicity j of his heart, and it .was doubtful if, with all his 'audacity and all his skill, he could avoid com- promising himself on the one side or the other. ,He thought of pleadiug an engagement and : shunning tlie party, but Captain Golding had \- made a special request that he should be present, and had asked if the evening was a convenient one for him, to which he had replied iiv the affirmative. It would not do now, therefore, for him to retreat. Even the Captain, with all his habitual tendency' to judge favourably, wouldin that case suspect somthing wrong. ! CHAPTER XXL WE SHOULD KNOW THOSE WHO DWELL AMONGST US. The gentlemen interested in Christ Church met on the appointed evening at Collingwood, as a- kind of committee, to talk over certain matters in connection with the Church,, princi pally the paying off of a small debt that still remained, some defects in the ventilation, and the growing necessity of some steps being taken to accommodate a larger congregation than had been calculated on at the beginning. These with other things, suggested principally by Mr. Steele, occupied them about an hour, when Mr. Steele took occasion to complain of certain efforts made by the Roman Catholics to inveigle away bis school children from his school and transfer them to their own, and of Popish tracts, pictures, crosses, and other things, circulated in his parish, with the evident object of dissemi nating the false teaching of Rome and corrupting his people. This led to a conversation on the character of the people now occupying Sackville Hall, which Major Knox said he had been at some trouble to inquire into for the purpose of warning the people of Heathfield against them. The gentlemen were listening to the result of the major's inquiries when they were summoned to the drawing-room to tea, where they agreed to continue the conversatiom for the benefit of the ladies awaiting them there. After tea the major resumed his observations. Sackville was then present, having remained with the ladies while the other gentlemen were transacting Church business, with which, he said, "unfortunately he had nothing to do," but when the gentlemen had retired, and he was alone with the ladies, he " congratulated himself that he was not interested in Christ Church affairs, as it relieved him from the necessity of separating even for a time from the charming society in which he found himself." This was no doubt true, especially as in his heart he cordially disliked every one of the gentlemen composing the Christ Church com mittee, and, as regards the affairs of the church, he entertained the most sovereign contempt for them and all belonging to them. " I was observing to the gentlemen in the. next room," said the major, "that we must take into serious account the fact that the Jesuits are in our midst. I have been making some inquiries about certain suspicious move ments in the parish, emanating from Sackville Hall, and there, I can tell you, these pests of society are at work. Mr. Steele has been telling us of their intrusion into his district, and if they are at work there we can scarcely expect that Heathfield parish, with all its tempting facilities, will escape their assaults. Now observe," said. the major, "1 do not blame Roman Catholics, or any people believing that they possess the true religion, laying themselves out to propagate what they think is for the good of their fellow- men, but when propagandists of any sort employ hypocrisy, subterfuge, lyiug> and treachery in pursuit of their object they must be regarded, whatever their creed is, as the emissaries of Satan and the enemies of God and man." To be Continued . 