The V.R-C. Champion Meeting. Stewards— C. B, Fisher, R, Power, R. Golds, brough, W, Leonard, A. K. Finlay, HandL capper — E. T. Barnard. Judge— J, Jehestoa. Starter — Geo. Watson, Timekeeper — T, Gaunt. Wednesday, the sixteenth Champion Race Meet. isg took place at Flemington, and was quite as successful as regards the racing and attendance as any previous meeting. The weather was beautifully fane, a little too warm perhaps, hut as fehe= racing was first- class, everyone, present ap peared to thoroughly enjoy themselves, and the English cricketers, who were present, must have been favourably impressed with the Jmanner iu which racing is conducted in Victoria. Hie Ex- eileney Sir George Bowen and suite were pre sent, and remained until the racing was over- The grand stand and lawn presented the usual gay appearance with the number of well-dressed ladies who were present, whilst the hill and flat vece largely patronised. The warm weather iras very favourable to the caterers, and the de mand for drinks throughout the day was inces sant, but there were no. signs Of intoxication, and the large crowd returned to the city in the isuaily orderly manner. As is always the case at Flemington, the arrangements were faultless, and everything passed off most satisfactorily. As usual, the Hurdle Race inaugurated the day's racing, and on consulting the telegraph - board, it was soon ascertained that of the four teen horses numbered on the book, only eeven would face the .starter'.- flag, When it became generally known that lucky " Corrigan had the mount on Picner, he became a great favourite, Jack Tar, v. h® was said to have done a great trial, coming c in public estimation. Murat made the ruanicg for a mile, when he was challenged by Abdailak ana Jack Tar, but the two iatter came into collision, and Jack Tar fell, which, of course, put hie chance completely out. Abdallah, Flinders, and Pioneer were always in the front rank, the latter pulling two double, and he eventually won with ease, thus proving that those who backed him In conjunction with Lone Hand for the Steeplechase were not far out in their reckoning. Then came the Two-year-old Race, for which, contrary to general expectation, there were no less than fourteen starters. The friends of Avernus were wonderfully confident, but & few good judges, who noticed that Haiies had the mount on South Hamilton, quietly backed him at the remunerative price of 4 to 1. The Williamstown stable were very sweet on The Czar and Chesterfield, and as the competitors wended their way to the post, excitement ran very high. The race all through was a grand one, and fifty yards from home Geide Olgothach, who had always been in the front rank, seemed to have it in hand. South Hamilton and Queen Bee, however, came up in the centre of the Gourse, and owing to a masterly exhibi tion of horsemanship on the part of Haiies, South Hamilton beat Geide Olgothach on the past by a short head; Queen Bee was only another head behind the leader, and Avernus, Chesterfield, and The C2ar were also locked to gether. The race was run in lmln. 5sec., or a second faster than last year, when Beaworth cantered home in front of Roodee and (Varlock. Only five horses came to the post for the £160 Plate, and ae a great furore was manifested to get at Aconite, he became a very hot favourite, Tocal, who was looking very well, being the most fancied of the others. The race was never iu doubt, as Aconite going away soon after the flag fell, never gave his opponents the ghost of a chance, and beat Tocal with ridiculous ease. On being put up for auction, there w&b; no kid for the winner, and he was bought in at t|gp up set . price. The field for . the Midsummer Handicap, twelve in number, was the best in point of quality we have had for a handicap for some time ; but as Jack o Lantern and Savanaka looked very fit, it was thought that one or the other of them would pull off the prize for the St. Albans stable. Glenormistou and -Dam well were also nibbled at, but Aconite, who looked rather sore af oer his exer tions in the £100 Plate, ,was absolutely friend less. Columbus and Tom Kirk made the pace very merry for over a mile, when the field closed up, and it looked anybody's race. Aconite and Drum Major then singled them selves out, and the former, who was never afterwards headed, . won as he liked at the finish. Drum Major, Savanaka, aud Darriweli had a sbarp set-to opposite the stand, and the son of the Drummer for once run wing gamely, just .beat Savanaka for second place. Last year Savanaka won this race with 7st. 71b. in 3min, 7sec., and as Wednesday he carried Sst. 3 into third place, in 3min. oseo. , it is evi dent that he has hot lost hie usee. The victory of Aconite was a complete surprise to every body, even to his owner and trainer, and the layers of edds rejoiced exceedingly at having so unexpectedly skinned the lamb. A rush was then made to take stock of the candidates for championship honours, most attention, of course being paid to the favourites. Yuioan was almost unanimously voted to be oh the big side, and few liked the appearance of Roodee and Calaihia ; but as Tom Brown had the mount on the latter, he was backed for a trifle at the last minute. ; Wellington, who pessscKses all the cbaracteristios ©f thb . Panics, | 'v :t: iu splor.&id; LG-Yi"? n, and! reflected the i' higheat credit on his trainer, Griffin. Warlock did not look as \ well as he —at fill) ' ' . ' Mr. Patereon, was very confident about theliltie horse running into a place.,, JeJIetfc had BW worth pretty well, cousidepng ; tb»fc he was » 41 dead horse'' some little time ago, and Nerissa, MisB Wbiffler, and CoongoqLa looked well, but were thought to be out of place Jti such a con test. , The race is easily, described, as Vulcan led for over a mile, , with Wellington, Warlock, Nerissa, and Bosworth well up ; the others, especially Roodee and Calamia, being, virtually out of it. Wellington thenceforth. led, with Vul can close behind him, but the latter was beaten half a mile from home ; and as Warlock and Bos worth could never get up, Wellington galloped in an easy winner. The race ws run in 5min. 34|sec.t or Sfsec. slower than last year, but as the winner was never asked to race daring the last half mile, there . is no dpubt he could have run it much faster ' had he choBeu. Warlock and Bosworth ran. exceedingly well, considering their condition, and had the former not bebn " stopped in his training, he would have stretched the neck of the winner. Vulcan ran well for two miles a half, and then died away, but Roodee and Calainia were never dangerous' at any time. The victory of JV ellicgton was Well' received by the spectators, and when v the weigher declared hiifi '4 weight,", a ' rohnd of cheers showed that the public Were Satisfied that the best horse had Won. Wellington's only vio- tory previous to to day Was in the Derby at the last V, R.O. Spring Meeting, but as . he has always rUii well during his career, the general opinion was that he would be very hard to beat for the Chammon Race. It is hardly necessary to say that Lone Hand, with all his steadier ot 13st. 61b. , was a great favourite for the Steeplechase, but as Griffin's stable was evidently !o form, a good many persons pinned tbeir faith on Uhlan. Sarchedon cut out the work for a mile, and a quarter, and then baulked, and ©Id Pro digious showed the way f ir a similar distance, when Uhlan, who was ridden very well, took the lead ; Lons Hand, however, caught him in the tiaining ground, and although he ledup the straight, it was only on sufferance, as directly Corrigan gave the top weight his head, he left him as if He were standing still, and won cleverly by a length. The last event was the Three- Year- Old Handicap, and Earl of Mar was said to he a good thing, but he was never in it. Monarque led alt the way until the laBt few strides from home, when the unbacked Tidal Wave challenged him, and fairly the race out of the fire, A rush was immediately made for town, which was reached without any accident occurring to mar the harmony of the proceedings. The following are the details of the running : — Hurdle Race, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 added. About three miles. Mr J. Coughlin'fl b g Pioneer, by Porthop, aged, 9st 131b ... — " T Corrigan 1 Mr E. A. Jobnson-Boe's g g Abdallah (late Gaffer Grey), aged, 8st 71b - Enderson 2 Mr M. K Whitty'8 b g Larrikin, aged, 10 it _ E. Hill 3 Mr W. Bailey's b g Monk, 6 yrs, 9st 71b . . J. Jouee 0 , Mr F. Hewitt's b g Flinders, aged, 9at 4lb «. Floyd 0 Mr A. Selman'-s b h Jack Tar, 5 yrs, 9st 4b _ Hey wood 0 Mr J. D. Robertson's br g Murat, 0 yrs, 9st .. „ _ _ _ M. Adderley 0 Betting : 5 to 2 agst Pioneer, 3 to 1 each agst Jack Tar and Larrikin. A first-rate start was effected; Jack Tar show ing slightly in front, but as they negotiated the first hurdle Murat took the lead, Jack Tar and Monk next. Rounding the tarn Murat in creased his advantage to five lengths, Jack Tar, Abdallab, Larrikin, and Monk following in the order named, Flinders and Pioneer bringing np the rear. Thus they ran to the far turn, where Murat, Jack Tar, and Abdallah were together, Larrikin, Monk, Flinders, and Pioneer follow ing, but there Abdallah cauuoned against Jack Tar, causing him to fall. Abdallah then went away with a long lead of Larrikin, Murat, and Flinders, but as they passed the stand, the order was Abdallah, Flinders, Larrikin and Pioneer, a length or so separating them. After rounding the tarn, Pioneer ran up to Flinders and Abdallah, and was in front for a short dis tance, but Flinders had the lead at the back of the course, Abdallah, Pioneer, Monk, and Murat, following. Abdallah again went to the front, but Flinders passed him at the far turn, and led into ' the straight, with Pioneer, Abdallah, Larrikin, and the rest of the field in a body. Flinders led up to the last hurdle, followed by Pioneer and Abdallab, bat Pioneer then came away, and beat Abdallah very easily by a length and a half, Larrikin a bad third, Flinders fourth. Time, 5min. 53see. Two -year- old Stakes, a sweepstakes of 20 sovs, each, h. ft"., with 200 added. Colts, Sst. 101b. ; fillies, Sst. 71b. The winaer of the Maribyrhdbg Prate to carry 51b. extra. . Five furlongs- - Mr J. Wiggins's b c South Hamilton, by King of the Ring — Musitiora — .. ' T Haiies I. Mr J. J. Miller's eh c Geide Olgothach, by Irish, King- Mobile .. ... ; . ... Murphy 2 Mr A. Chirnside's b f Queen Bee, by Snowdfen— Beeswing . _ ... Wilson 3 Mr C. Edwards's b c Avernus, by King of the RiBg Miss JefiBie ... » _ ... WYY tomans 0 Mr K. De Mestre'e b c Chesterfield, by- The Marquis — Lamorna _ . ... _ ... _ Pigott 0 Mr H. J. Bowler's ch e Conservative, by John gull— Arama — _ ' ... ... Wllfiams 0 Mr W. C. Yuille's br c Hooton, by Yattendon — Lady Hoofcon — ... ... .... B. Battye 0 Mr W. Pearson's "br c The Czar, -the , Marquis— Dagm&r; ... ... — « T. Brown 0 Mr S. Gardiner's b c Sonnyside, by The Peer— Sdn- be&m; . - Mr W. L, Reid'a g c Tolarno, by Talk o the Bill— Black Gipsy ... — , ... — Walker 0 Mr J- Jenkins's ch c Buccaneer, by Talk o the Hill — Pirate's Dau hter _ — , U. 4 .Campbell Mr C. B. Fisher's br t Microscope, by Hercules- Vision . — ... — Ivemy 0 ' Mr J. G. Duffett's br . f Nancy,, by Panic— Phyl'iB _ — " — ... Langtoto 0 Betting : 6 to 4 agst Avernus, 5 to 2 agst The Czar, 4 to I agst South Hamilton, lOtol&gstany; other. As soon as the positions could be discovered, Nancy was keen in front, with Tumult, Geide Olgothach, and South Hamilton , the most eon- . spicuous of the' others. At the tan crossing, Geide Olgothach had a good lead of Tumult, Tolarno, Chesterfield, Queen Bee, and The Czar ; and opposite the carriage paddock Geide Oigothach looked all over a winner, but fitty yards from home- he began tcr die away, and South Hamilton and Queen Bee closing on him, a desperate finish between the three, ensued. South Hamilton, however, lasted the lengeev, and beat Geide Olgothach by a short head, a similar distance separating the iatter from Queon Bee ; Avernus, Chesterfield, and The Czar also finishing in a olustor. Time, Imis. 5?oc. £100 f.late For three years old and upwards, 'S;i::«u5 icr age. . One .unle. The a tuner to be sold for 100 soto No seflij jkUqaoo Siam®'g f £ Sheriff, aged, 0st 41b Sanderson 3 u Richard, 3 yr8, 7gt lllb Fraser 0 Mr R. Baldwins brf Violet, 3 yrs, 7st8lb ... Evans 0 Mr J. G. Hey woods br f Windblosaom, 3 jib, 7st 8 b , , . — Deasey 0 Befeang ; Even money on Aconite, 5 to 4 agst Tocal. 6 Tocal showed in front for a few strides, but Aconite soon rushed to the head of affairs, and led WindbloBSom and Sheriff by six leBgths, Violet bringing up the rear. At the turn f home, Tocal ran np second, but could not overtake Aconite, who beat him easily by two lengths. Sheriff a bad third, and Violet fourth. Time, Iraiu. 45300. The winner was bought in for £105. Midsummer Handicap, a sweepstakes ©f 10 sovs. eauh, k. f:., wish 2G0 added. For three years old and upwards. One mile and three- quarters. b h Acoui e, by Snowden— Arama, 5 y/s: 7Bt 61b ii( Uavis 1 Mr M. JPenncily'a b h Dium-maj ,r," 4 yrp,5st lolb i ,# — VookJor 2 Mr H. Power's hi or g h Savanaka, 4 yrs, 8st 3ib ; ... — « ...T. Haiies 3 Mr £. A. Johnson-Boe s ch h Columbus, 6 >rs, 8at 3ib \- — _ - n ... ... Murphy 0 Mr C. Janjes's br g Tom Kirk, aged, 8 it 81 o ... Brown O Mr W. F ilgate's o h Glenormistou, 4 yrs, 7st 91b _r — 0 — m. .. Williams 0 Mr S. Gardiner's br h Quambone, 5 yrs, 7st 9ib « mm M l4t M Walkgr 0 Mr W. Rawlinson's br h Darriwell, 4 yrs, 7 71b _ , — — « _ Ktlduff 0 Mr C. Edwards s br h Mountaineer, aged, 7st 4lb — — . _ _ Aspin»Jl 0 Mr A. K. Finlay's b c Jack-o'-Lantern, 3 yrs, 6st 81b \------ P.St Albans 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Jack-o'-Lantern, 4 to I agst Savanaka, 5 to 1 each agst Tom Kirk and Darriweli. A good start saw Tom Kirk and Mountaineer in front, but as they parsed the stand Celumbus was just clear. of Tom Kirk, Mountaineer, and Darriweli, who were in a body, Aconite bringing up the rear. Rounding the turn, Columbus drew away two lengths, Tom Kirk, Moun taineer, and Jack-o'-Lantern being in a cluster, Savanaka and Drum Major also well up ; and thus .they ran aloug the back of the course. As they passed the abattoirs the field was in a com pact body; with Columbus at the head ; but Aconite then singled himself out, with Drum Major, Tom Kirk, and Darriweli following as named. Aconite increased his advantage as they rounded into tbe turn, with Dram Major, Darriweli, Tom Kfrk, and Savanaka at the head of the others, and pursuing the even tenor of his way, won easily by two lengths. A great finish resulted between Dram Major, Savanaka and Darriweli for second place, but Savant who came very fast in the last one hure< yards, wag beaten by Drum Major by.neck, Darriweil fourth, Glenormisfcon fifth; Tem Kirk sixth, Columbus seventh, judJ--',c"iaimeer eighth, Time, 3oain — tra> ohampion Stakes, of 25 sovs. each, 10ft. t with 1,500 added. - Far. three yean old and upwards, Weight for age. Horses foaled north of the line allowed 71b. Second horse to receive 200 sovs., and the third 100 sovs out of the stake. Three miles. Mr E. A. Johnaon-Boe's br c Weliingtop, by Paolo— Frou Frou, 3 yrs, 7s% 31b ... ... Murphy 1 Mr J Pater son's ch c WariOck, 3 yrs, 7st 31b ... W -Iker 2 Mr H. Power's >r c Bosworth, 3 yrs, 7»t 31b .. Ktlduff 3 Mr K. Be Mestre's b h Calami; , 5 yrs, 9st 7ib...t. Brown 0 Mr J. White's d.c Koodee. 3 yrs, 7st sib ... P. Pigott 0 Mr E. --e Mestre's bl c Vulcan, 3 yrs, 7st 31b ... Ivemy O Mr F Williams's gc Coongooia, 3 yr, 7st 31b - Davis 0 Mr E. Drewitt's b f n crises; 3 yre. 7st 3lb«. WiHiamson; 0 Mr W. Brown's b f Miss Whiffler. 3 yrs, 7st Sib .. King 0 Betting : 2 to 1 aget Vuican, 3 to 1 agst Wellington, 5 and 6 te 1 agst any other. There was some delay at the poBt through the fractiousness of Bis worth, but when they were sent away to a good stare Wellington, Vulcan, and Warlock were the first to show in advance Vulcan, however, immediately ran to the front and led round the. turn, with Wellington and Warlock next, Nerissa at the head of the others and Roodee and Calamia whipping in. ' The order .was the same until they reached the abat toirs, where Wellington was taken to the front just clear o' Vulcan; then came Bosworth and Nerissa at .the head of the others, with |Roodee and Calamia still behind, the latter fully 100 yards away from the leader. 'As they turned into the straight, Vulcan ran up to Wel lington, but as. they passed the stand the latter was a length in front off Vulcan ; Warlock, Nerissa, Miss Wh-ffiDr, and Bosworth running as .named ; the others, who were all together,, apparently out c? iv, WolikigfcoD, Vulcan, Warlock, Nerissa, and Bosworth ran in. Indian file ail the way round. : h length or so, and " ae they passed > the pace "belsaine warmer, an© Gv. Roodt-.e, Had Miss Whiffler dropping "ff " up the rear of a long tail. As ib< y ijenrcd turn for , home Vulcan fell Inck ved Welliagton turned into the straight with a good lead of Warlock ; Bosworth, Vuicau aod Nerissa coming next, all hard at it. Although Waritook tried all he knfeiv, he could never get Gn terms with Wellington, who led him ail the way up thjSsStraight, and beat him easily at the finkL by two' lehgtas Bimvortb a good toird, Nerissa fourth, Vulcan fifth, Calamia sixth, itobdVj seventh, Goon ao.-l eighth, and MUs Whifflsr lsst. Time, 5min 34faec. winners of qgampi > > races. Tear. Owner. Winaer. a , Wt Time ! - 1 - > it lb m.'' 1869... Mr Yuille . . Flying Buck . 36 5 5 57 1809— MrTtJt — Zse _ aj9 3 69 1861... MrTait .. Zse ... — a 9 A 5 57 1861— Mr Keighran _ Mormon— - 6 9 2 6 14 1862 Mr-Tait — , Callsyrand _ 6 9 IV 6 2 1863... Mr .Redwood - Ladybird - 6)9 1 5 55 1863... Mr Harper — Sarwon ... „ 4i> 10 6 S 1864— Mr Keighran — Mormon . a 9 10 6 38 1805 _ Mr Blackwell £ Parr-ic ... s 9 6 63 1865- Mr Lacce — Ladybird - 69 2 6 55 1666— Mr Town ... < arragon ... 9 3 5 47 1867- Mr Tait ... the Burb ... 3 7 i 6 38 1876— Mr E. Jeliett Richmond ..Si 1 5 1877- Mr R. Reld - liaeoi he 87 3 5 . 4% 1878- Mr J. Wilson - Firrt King - 37 8 5 4. 1879— Mr J thnson-Boe.. ' Welliagton — 87 8 5 34 After a dead heat with Mr Tail's Volunteer. Time of deciding heit, 5mia- 48ec. Steeplechase, a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., "with 200 added. About three miles. , . t Mr Loujrblin'e gg Lone Hand, by Panie-ertha aged, 13«' 61b - — ¥. Uorrigaa l Mr E A. Johnson- Boe's ch g Uhlan, aged, lOfttVib, \- - flbyda 2 Mr 54 P Wuitty's b g Prince Alfred, sgel, 0»t, ". Hill ! 8 Mr S Twi-rva ch h Sa.-cbedon, 6 yre, ICat 41h, Beech&m; 0 Mr G v -t. v>.» « !> g P;oaigiouf, ag- d, iGltt, Harden 0 — 5 to 4 L t. . fHaiib', 2 n 1: fey-f Sart-iisd:: 3 -o 1 ' r-4 1 _ Uhlab. They ; Sarche- don = v r »' '< .V-'- >, Lots© H »;«. , r.£ .oe A ?. ' \ t: .1 -l,iiving at long later ? "fj Band, ncxs, and Prinoe Alfred a long way in the rear. At the log fence, near the < | straight, Sarcbedon baulked, and Prodigious | went on with the running, Lone Hand j and Uiilan well up, with Prince Alfred kJ still behind. Thus they negotiated the I stand triplet, where Sarchedon, who had been get over at the seoond time of asking, came down a regular oropper, giving his rider a severe fall. Prodigious led till the back of the Course was reaohed, when Uhlan went to the front, and led the other two by five lengths i until the feces in the training ground was ! reached. They were then level, and Lone Hand was in front fcr a time, hut Uhlan just led him over the last fence, with Prodigious a«d Prince Alfred eu' of xt. Uhlan led up the straight, with Lone Hand on his quarter, until near the ( winning poa% when Lone Hand oaine aw&y;, and | beat him easily by a length. Prodigious pulled i off when he was beaten, and Prinoe Alfred was i a bad third. Time, 7min. 24eo. Three yeas old Handicap, sweepstakes of 10 so vs. each, b. ft., with 150 added. One mile and a half. Mr S. Mahon'a b c Tidal Wave, by Tim Whiffier,— Lang Lang, 0?s 4 lb — _ KiHuff 1 Mr F. Leng'« b-»Mon&rque;, 7at — _ King 2 Mr a. K Fialny's b c Jack o 'Lantern, 7st lib Hafies 3 Mr R. Howie's nr c Karl of Mar, 7at 31b „ Vookler 0 Mr «l. crimson's b f Mesalliance, 7st — ...Aepioall 0 Mr E A. JohnsoaBoe's b c Lottery, 7at Walker 0 Mr F. Wiiliaui.-'s g c Ooongonli, 7at .. Davis 0 Mr J. Whittingham's b f Pratt e, 0st Sib _ Williams 0 Mr S G. Cook's b c Philistine, 6iC 4!b Williamson 0 Betting ; 2 to 1 agst Eri ef Mar, 5 to 2 agst Lottery, 4 to 1 each agat Jack o'Lantern and Monarque. Moaarque dashed away with the lead, with Jack o' Lantern and Mesalliance next, and forcing the running, soon had a good lead ef Philistine, Lottery, and Jack o' Lantern. The leader made the pace very warm all the way round, but entering the straight the field closed up, Tidal Wave and Jack o' Lantern emerging frem the rock. Monarque, however, led down the straight, and Tidal Wave catching him in the last few strides, beat him very oleverly by a head, Jack e' Lantern a moderate third, Earl of Mar fourth, and Prattle fifth. Time, 2min. 40£seo. 