Wht °¿\\[\úm\t <tym\ky. PUBLISHED DARA This. day, May 15, 1876. The debate on the Address in reply has not yet concluded, but we may gather from it a general idea as to the course it is likely to take. The criticism of the Opposition has been directed rather to the actions of the Government during their short tenure of office than to the policy disclosed by the Speech. There was certainly a question raised by the ex-Premier as to the manner in which it was proposed to provide for the loan which was mentioned in the Ministerial programme. Mr. Douglas assumed that the Premier, in accordance with the views expressed by him last year, would borrow in a large sum, and warned him that the only fund from which he could hope to draw the means of providing interest on it would have to be derived from the public estate. Doubtless we shall hear more on this subject from the present and the ex- Ministers for Lands. The attacks on the conduct of Ministers were directed mainly to two points the dismissal of Government employés, and the transfer of the public bank account on other points the Opposition merely took up an attitude of suspicious watchfulness-very desirable, but in its early stages very uninteresting. It was argued that the personal connection of two leading Ministers with the successful tenderer for the Government bank account was in itself a suspicious circumstance, and the suspicion was enforced by some speakers by direct insinuations of improper motives. The insinuations were warmly repelled, the connection was defended in a very straightforward manner by the Colonial Secretary ; the nature of the actual steps taken in connection with the transfer being fully explained, and the documents explaining the whole affair promised. Up to this point it is evident that the Government have repelled the attack ; their explanation has been clear and straightforward. But other and more important points were raised more particularly by Mr. Douglas. He touched on the general question of the disposal of the Government balances. Banks could not hold them without using the money, and the amount of legitimate short-time business in the colony-the only legitimate method, he maintained, of using such funds-was limited. Therefore, there was a danger that the bank might be induced by the possession of an undivided Government account to enter into speculative business not so legitimate and which, if not actually dangerous, would not permit of such rapid and easy realisation. He maintained that it was wrong to allow public funds to be thus used for private speculation, and for these and other reasons regretted that Ministers had not seized the opportunity afforded by the two tenders for a division of the Government business between them. His remarks are certainly deserving of attention, and his criticism was not wholly undeserved. The collateral subject of the late loan also gave a fair opening for Opposition criticism, and Mr. Dickson availed himself of it. His comments also had some weight. With regard to the dismissals of Government workmen the Ministry have maintained their defence. The only fair ground for attack was the effect which might be produced,, or be supposed to be produced, by them on general credit and the reviving confidence of the commercial community. But this ground was almost neglected by the opponents of the Government, who based their attacks on personal details and such secondary questions as to whether particular men were or were not good mechanics. ' To this the reply of the Minister for Works was complete. He quoted, the assertion of a predecessor on the opposite side that the Works Office: employed one-third more men than were actually needed, and declared that on personal inspection he found the assertion to be correct. Therefore he took the step of reducing the numbers in every part of the colony, being guided by motives of economy solely. His disclaimer of party motives was earnest, and his challenge to his opponents to establish their assertions was sufficiently explicit and decisive. Unless it can be shown that some corrupt motives guided the selection of individuals by a Minister, he can hardly be blamed for taking steps to reduce expenditure while declaring that the reduction will not im- pair the efficiency of his department. Outside these points the debate turned round points which, though serving as pegs on which to hang some rather brilliant oratorical abuse, were hardly of national importance. At a contested election such as that for Townsville accusations of in- timidation are commonly made; but we shall be quite content to leave the question whether the scrutineers sent by Mr. Macrossan's opponent to the Burdekin bridge were intimidated by a mob or merely slapped in the face by an excited disputant, where the debate left it. Nor were the insinuations of corruption bandied between the present and the late Minister for Works very edifying or likely to serve any good public end. In fact the debate, although characterised by oratory of a more effective kind than we have lately been accustomed to hear, took a tone, especially in the course of yesterday evening, not likely to facilitate the progress of public business. A brilliant attack on an opponent may be an intellectual exercise gratifying to the feelings of excited partisans, but unless founded on very tangible facts and under very special circumstances, it is rather likely to lead to personal wrangling than to forward the business of the country. In conclusion, we must express a hope that we shall not have a display of that Parliamentary larrikinism which discredited the Assembly and impeded business during the existence of the last Parliament. The demeanor of some occupants of the back Government benches while the ex-Premier was addressing the House on a question of grave public importance was indicative of the disposition to which we refer. We trust that honorable member will recollect how much mischief can be done by ill-timed levity, and how seriously it tells against the chance of their undoubted abilities obtaining for them the attention of the House and country when they are most desirous of securing it. Wfi anticipated that the debate would close last night, and that the House would adjourn for downright work, of which the business paper is already full, till next Tuesday. But it is not to be so. Most of the heavy guns at either side of the House have fired their first salute in the parliamentary campaign, but several of the "small fry," who cannot forego this opportunity, will demand a hearing to-day. Then we hope we are safe in predicting that till on and after next Tuesday there will be no more Parliament. It is thought by many persons that Mr. Pring's seat in the Legislative Assembly is jeopardised by the (inquiries initiated by Mr. Bailey as to fees received by Mr. Pring for transacting legal business for the Crown. We do not think that Mr. Pring's seat is endangered, and believe that it will be found, on enquiry, that he has done nothing more than has long been the practice amongst the members of the bar in these colonies, and has not invalidated his title to a seat in the House. But however that may turn out, he certainly has not lost any time in moving for additional representation for his constituents, and on Tuesday next will table a bill for that purpose. There is some speculation as to how the Government will receive the measure. When those gentlemen were in Opposition, some of them at least strenuously opposed r the Valley obtaining a second member. Now that Mr. Pring sits amongst their supporters, what will Ministers do is the question ? a question, we think, easily answered. " Circumstances alter cases." What was quite proper in her Majesty's Opposition may not be at all. proper in her Majesty's Government, and we expect that if Mr. Pring's bill reaches the debateable stage Ministers will preserve a dignified neutrality and I prudently leave the matter entirely to the House. | The intention expressed by the junior member for South Brisbane to bring in " a bill to amend the law rolatiugtoletters-patent and of registration for new inventions and improvements in manufactures " will commend itself to the approval of the public. We do not know what are the amendments Mr. Mackay contemplates, but we know that there is a great deal of room for improvement on the existing law, and that there are very few directions indeed in which a private member could more usefully direct his energies than in the shaping of legislation for the encouragement of mechanical skill. This encouragement can be very legitimately afforded by simplifying and cheapening laws which shall duly protect the contrivances of men of genius and ingenuity, however humble their position may be. ("We have reason to believe that Mr. Mackay is well conversant with the patent laws of the United States, and we expect from him a practical and useful measure, though perhaps one that may seem almost revolutionary in its simplicity as compared with the cumbrous details so much affected by British law- makers generally. Tun lunatic, James Youl, who escaped from the Woogaroo Asylum on Tuesday, the 9th instant, was found lying under a tree at the Eight mile Plains on Tuesday last by mounted-con- stable Moylan, The unfortunate man was conveyed to the watch-house on that night, and removed to the asylum yesterday morning. Mr. Macrossan's speech last night must have admonished Mr. Griffith how dangerous is the practice of endeavoring to damage opponents by imputations of interested and corrupt motives. When the Minister for Works followed Mr. Douglas in the debate, he " went" at once for the leader of the Opposition, and it was evident from the unmistakable temper with which he spoke that that gentleman's insinuation had considerably irritated him. Mr. Macrossan is, in certain parlance, " worth leaving alone," and it was difficult to escape the conviction during his speech that the leader of the Opposition must have regretted his indis- action in having attacked him by innuendo and covert charge of abusing his trust. After clear- ing himself very conclusively of the charge of having misused his power in manipulating his own election, and comparing his own conduct in Townsville with that of his accuser when he went to the same district as Minister for Works on what Mr. Macrossan declared to be a shameless electioneering tour, he passed easily on to the Townsville and Charters Towers Railway. He described the lay of the land to hon. members, and explained how for six miles from Townsville the line was surveyed through private property. A portion of this land was a low swamp known as "The Island," subject to heavy inundations in time of flood, and even in dry times in parts almost an im- passable morass. It was obviously a mistake to take a railway through such country, as the cost of maintenance and the danger of serious interruption must always be a woeful draw- back. This, of course, was an engineer- ing blunder, but the blunder was flagrant that one was induced to ask, the hon, member continued, who could have been interested in the completion of so stupendous a piece of folly 1 And then, having led up to this artful climax, the Minister for Works, pointing with the paper he held in his hand at the leader of the Opposition, with heightened tone denounced him as the purchaser of the swamp through which theliuowasprojected, and averred that his partner in Townsville had boasted that they would get 100 per acre for this speculative purchase. " I am determined, however, the MinistorforWorks continued," that thoreshallbea deviation that shall take the line entirely through Crown lands, so that I cannot compliment the hon. gentleman upon the judiciousness of his speculation." It was generally felt in the House that personalities having been begun by Mr. Griffith, this attack was only Tit-for-Tat, and that the original aggressor had got very much the worst of it. On a motion for adjournment, however, Mr. Griffith, while admitting having purchased a share in the land referred to, entirely exculpated himself from the charge of having projected the railway through it, as his purchase had been subsequent to the definite settlement of the course of the line. Of course no one believed Mr. Griffith had been guilty of any breach of Ministerial trust for personal gain, but the episode should warn hon. members of the inadvisability of importing personal imputations into debate which are sure to provoke other re- el ¡ruinations lowering to the general tone of public life. As a rule people do not like to admit that they have formed erroneous opinions respecting occurrences that they have seen with their own eyes and heard with their own ears. The rule, however, has its exception, as most rules have, and we are experiencing an instance of that fact. We are pleased to learn, on the best possible authority, that of the hon. the Postmaster-General and the hon. Mr, Prior, that we entirely misconceived the true nature of the proceedings in the Legislative Council on Tuesday afternoon relating to the adjournment of the debate on the Address in reply. We were under the impression that when Mr. Prior, who acted as one of the committee to bring in the, address, after doing 80, adopted the to us, unprecedented course of moving the adjourn- ment of the debate, he was taking by surprise the hon. gentleman representing the Government and not treating him in a conside- rate or friendly way. When the hon. the Postmaster-General, exhibiting as we thought serious discomposure, rose and said that in his short parliamentary career he had not known of a similar course of action as that now adopted and that he was surprised that the suggestion to adjourn came from a gentleman who was considered a supporter of the Government, it confirmed that impression, and we believed he deserved sympathy and encouragement. But we find that he required neither the one nor the other, and are assured that there was a perfectly amicable understanding between Mr. Prior and himself, and that the sole motive of the former was to afford opportunity for a discussion as full as the importance of the subject demanded. This is really very satisfactory, and the cordial demeanor of both gentlemen yesterday in itself afforded convincing proof of their mutual good will. We regret exceedingly that we misjudged Mr. Prior in this matter, but our doing so has had at least the good effect of bringing prominently into view the relations actually existing between him and Mr. Buzacott, and of disposing of the unpleasant rumors to which we yesterday alluded. A well attended meeting, convened by advertisement, was held in the Chamber of Commerce, Town Hall, last night, for the purpose of making final arrangements for the celebration of the Moore Centenary. Mr. J. B Hickie presided. After a lengthened conference, it was unanimously resolved that a literary and musical entertainment, to be followed by a supper, be given at the old School of Arts on the 28th instant, and that a sub-committee-consisting of the chairman. Messrs. Ryan, Fitzgibbon, Keogh, Hughes, T. S. Hickey, O'Keefe, S. O'Brien, J. W. O'Brien, L. Cusack, and the hon. secretary be appointed to carry out all the necessary arrangements on the occasion. A special meeting of the Challenge Cup Committee was held yesterday afternoon. Messrs. B. G. Forbes, W. H. Parker, J. Lloyd, and S. J. Byrne were present. Messrs. Robert Taylor and John Grogan were unanimously chosen as umpires for the Alberts and Milton Clubs respectively in the challenge cup match, which takes place at the Hamilton on next Saturday. The wickets are to be pitched at 2 o'clock sharp, The members of both elevens are particularly requested to appear in their club uniforms. The special 'bus will leave the Town Hall at 1.30 on Saturday. Up to 9 o'clock yesterday morning there had been no change in the fine weather which for the past few days has been experienced throughout the colony. Frosts appear to have been limited to two stations, namely Hawkwood and Ravenswood, although it cannot now be long before the cold weather will be felt in all the southern and south-western parts of the colony. Cloudy weather at several of the inland stations may account for their immunity from frosts thus far. Fine weather prevailed at most of the stations in New South Wales, but it was showery at Eden, Kiama, and Bathurst. Tun deposits in the Wharf-street Penny Savings Bank on Saturday last amounted to £1 18, sa. Tun commanding officer will hold an instruc- tion drill of A, B, C, and D Companies, M.A. Battalion, on Saturday next. The companies will parade at the railway station, and march off at 445 pm. The adjourned special general meeting of the members of No. I Battery Q.V.A.-will be held at the drill-room this evening, at 8 o'clock, for the election of a lieutenant and the transaction of other business. THERE was a good attendance at "Carlton's Ghost" and the "Petite Comedy Company" performance at the old School of Arts last night. The entertainment went off in a satisfactory manner. The performance will be repeated to-night, In the Supreme Court, in Insolvency, yesterday, before his Honor Mr. Justice Lilley, in the estate of J. Cormack, of Dalby, hotelkeeper, a certificate of discharge was granted to the insolvent, upon his own application. In the estate of William Richards, of Brisbane, wood and coal merchant, on the application of Mr. Foxton, of Thompson, Havard, and Foxton), a certificate was also granted to the insolvent. Both applications were made under the 2nd subsection of section 168 of the Insolvency Act, two years having elapsed since the date of the adjudica- tions. James Lavercombe, of Big Tchanning creek, was adjudged insolvent upon his own petition, the first meeting of creditors in the estate being fixed for the 21st instant. Some excellent stock, consisting of a Shorthorn bull, a thoroughbred colt, and sixty-two merino rams, arrived by the Macedon on Tuesday, for Mr. W. P. Tozer, of Delta station, Barcoo district, The bull is Duke of Barwidgee, bred by Mr. J. Ware, Victoria ; got by Paganini (imp.), dam Jessie, by Jason (imp.), g.d. by Royal Butter- fly. Paganini is by the celebrated Bainesse bull Windsor Fitz-Windsor. The bull is of excellent quality and shapes, showing a great deal of the Butterfly blood. Fifty pure cows are now on their way borderwise, to be mated with this bull. The' colt is a chestnut, 2 years, named King of the North, bred by Mr. S. Gardener, by the Peer ; dam, Minnie Warren, by Stock-owner out of Tricolor, by Premier. He is a compact horse, with very powerful quarters. The sheep are from the flocks of Messrs. Thomas Dowling and Sons' Jellabad estate, splendidly woolled, the fleeces being very dense, and points exceedingly well covered. An auctioneer's license was granted to F. W. Eicke at the monthly sittings of the Licensing Court held at the Police Court on Tuesday last. This was omitted by error from yesterday's report. A series of interesting articles on " Banking and its Abuses" have recently been published in the S. M. Herald. From the concluding article we extract the following : " The next reform must be looked for in the banks, and we invite them to assist in this matter by not allowing squatters and others to use their funds for the purchase of land. If banks are to be absolutely safe their securities should be of an easily con- vertible character, and we all know that land does not possess that quality, particularly when a want of confidence exists. I have no hesita- tion in saying that if the Government were to call upon the banks for the money which is now lying on deposit in the shortest period that their agreement allows, say 20 per cent per month, it could only be found by bringing ruin on a large portion of the community ; the whole amount of coin possessed by all the banks is £2,294,387, and if the Government had not succeeded in launching our loan, and required to withdraw from that the £1,725,000 which they have on deposit, and send it to England in payment of the amount already advanced there by the Bank of New South Wales and for other Government purposes, it would result in irretrievable ruin. The best established principles of banking require that risks should be spread over as large a surface as possible, and it is an element of serious danger when one customer, even although that customer be a Government, can draw a cheque which the bank would find it very difficult to pay ; who can tell what resolution Parliament might carry involving a rapid appropriation of this money ? One of the most eminent writers on finance, in a lecture delivered in London in January last, said: What bankers have most to fear is not so much the salutary refining process of an occasional reaction or depression as the building and almost intoxicating effects of prosperity, when merchants and bankers alike are tempted to depart from those rules of prudence which constitute their surest safeguards. If bankers will consent to act as importers by receiving consignments of produce, and assuming their risks and duties ; if they recklessly accommodate their customers without obtaining valid seem cities ; if they sink their funds in mines, or make large advances on lands, lot not the losses be ascribe 1 to depression of trade. A panic or depression, which brings to light such devices and abuses, is a benefaction, not a misfortune ¡ it corrects error, it purifies the credit atmosphere.' It would also be wise if the banks were to give up the system of acting as merchants, and let business revert into its natural channels. If the banks were to insist upon having a margin of 15 or 20 per cent on all the advances they make against produce and merchandise, it would prevent iseak houses from operating as largely as they do now, and instead of reclamations on our wool drafts, which are coming in now with alarming rapidity, we should have only to submit to the lust of the capital we had employed when the produce was shipped. This would give greater security to the banks, and induce more caution and prudence in trade. We need not continue these remarks, but may conclude by summarising our recommendations as follows 1st To amend the land law so as to save the squatter from being persecuted by the free selector, and give him moderate fixity of tenure, with an increased rent which he would gladly pay. 2nd. For the banks to leave advances upon land to loan companies and others. 3rd, For the banks to give up acting as merchants, and require further security on any advances that they make on produce or merchandise. 4th. For the Government to give notice now of the time when they will withdraw the money deposited in the banks, so that bankers and their customers may have ample time to make arrangements for obtaining it. If some such principles were laid down and not departed from, we should very soon have banking on a substantial basis, business profitable and safe, and the whole country benefited." , In a letter upon the now popular topic of " What are we to grow as money- yielding crops ?" a correspondent writes highly in favor of tobacco. He points to the extensive local demand for properly manufactured tobacco and the heavy duty in favor of the local grower. There is no question about it-the slowness with which tobacco is produced in sufficient quantity for home use is singular. As a crop, it has been grown here for many years, but the quantity does not seem to increase, although very skilful men are engaged in the business both as growers and manufacturers. It certainly is against them that a decided prejudice exists against colonial tobacco-a prejudice, as we believe, that has been fostered by the faulty manufacture of parties who did not devote the care that is necessary in this branch to make it successful. Tobacco manufacturing is a very special business, and requires skill and sufficient appliances to workitout to perfection. With- out these no man can succeed. In the countries famous for the quality of tobacco, the manufacture is a separate business, and it is more likely to succeed here as factories with the necessary machinery and appliances grow amongst us, and growers devote their attention to the production of leaf for the manufacturers. 