Original fate. ? l ?— — ?.» — ? THE ADVENTURES OF BAR NEY McEASY. Related by Himself. (Continued from our last.J Chatter III. ' Wcel, mon, ye'ra in a maist awful plight this time ; the missus hag amaist finished ye. Hoo are ye this morn? Ye waur blind all over, lying at the bot tom of the coach ; and she was driving, and lookit like the very deil himsel*. I wadna hket to put her oot just then. She ordered me to take oot the horses. I had to lift ye pot and pit ye to bed mysel' j she wadna touch ye, bnt said ye warnt worth bothering with; and she made use of uncanny language, no be fitting a lady. Eh, mon, she's an awful hard-hearted woman.' 4 Maggie, sure and I owe me life to you : I would have been left to die, only for your kindness. Faith, I'll never be able to repay ye, at all, at all. This is the moat terrible disaster that has befal len me 6ince I entered the old wretch's service.1 * Ye mu--t have offended her ladyship, mtust awfully/ .'? Och, she's aisily roused to do cruel deeds ; she couldn't live unless she was illtreating some poor body. I was only ateing the bread and mate yon gave me, when .1 was set upon like a tiger. I never heard her speak.' 4 Eh, mon, she's the maiat awful cruel woman that ever was heard of. I could tell ye a long tale of sad cruelty by her since I've been here. She's got a maist dreadful hatred to the hale male tribe : she served 'all the coachmen the same as yersel1.' *Tell me all ye know about her; it would pass the time, and I wouldn't feel the pain so bad. Sure and I think she's no lady to abuse a poor crature for try ing to do his .best.' * Weel, I may as gude tell ye, for I'm amaist tired o' her. my eel'; I canna bear her cruelty. I'm willing to gie ye some accoont o' her doings. Her hus band was a gentleman of fortune — as sice a man as ever lived, but unco deli cate. I never could make oot hoo he came to tie himsel' to sic a tigress. He always seemed terrified o' her : mony a time Fve seen him tremble in her presence. There were black and blue marks on his face that told their own tale ; and I'm weel sure he was sairly abused ; but she took gude care not to let me see hoo she treated him. One morning, however, I was startled wi' hearing a cry o' distress. I made haste to see what she was doing with the puir maister. It was no use trying to get in, so I went to their bedroom window, to see if I could get a glimpse of what she was doing ; I scrambled up to the win dow ; the blind was drawn down, but, as luck would have it, I could see through ore corner. Mercy on us, Til never forget the sight that I saw ! She had the puir man doon in the middle o* the floor, punching him in the stomach with . her kneen, and holding a pillow forcibly over hi i face. He was making no re sistance, puir man ; and I fear he was either dead or dying. I could not hold on any longer, so I got down and went to the kitchen, feeling very uneasy. She ordered breakfast as usual, and as if nothing had happened ; and I began to fear she had murdered him. Towards evening she came out and called me, and said' she believed master waff dead, and that I'd better go for the undertaker. I told her it would be as well to have a doctor. She said he'd been ailing for a long time ; it wasu't necessary. I had a good. mind to tell her I knew the cause o' Mr death ; bnt I was. afraid o' her.' * Maggie,' says I, * depend upon it he was icurthered entirely by the she wolf; jbegorrs, I'll be the next. Och, arrab, I'll be off while there's life in me; the next rime she lays a honlt on me will be roe last.' * Lay quiet, mon ; she'll no kill ye, unless it's by accident. She's sure to leave enough life in ye to allow of yer recovery, mon ; so make yer mind easy. I'm not done yet. A week pissed over after the maid e- was buried, and she was very abusive to me, and I conldn't stand it any longer ; so I told her that I saw her killing the maister. She looked awful wild at me ; but in a while ahe told me -to say nothing about it, and I should be well cared f- r. She said it wasn't true that she'd tilled him, but ?he didn't w;.nt aic a, siory to go aboot; so thai'* how it is I'm so weel treated \- now. I must gc and do me work, and it' she's no unco civil, Til threaten her.' AlHggie wasn't %ng gone, when I ^JMppflfri her ladyship's voice talking to ? - * Well, has that lazy fellow not got j up yet ? Does he want a bucket of water over his useless carcase, to remind him of hi3 duty ?' * The puir mon is no in a fit state to get up yet.' * He should have taken care how he incurred my displeasure. I'll go and see when he intends to return to his duty.' Just as she opened the door I had the first word — 'The top of the morning to yer lady ship,' says I ; ' sure and I hope ye are not going to give me another bating: be fore Fve recovered from the last drub- , bing ye gave me ; sure I'm crippled ( intirely.' # ' * I think if you were tippled out of i that bed, and a bucket of water tossed ' over you, perhaps you would find your ( way to yonr duty. Do you think I'm ' going to pay you for lying in bed?' * In coorse not,* pays I ; and if ye hadn't struck me sure I wouldn't have been here ; sure it's no pleasure to be laying shut up here. As soon as I'm fit to struggle onto me legs I'll out o' this.' * Mind you are,' nays she, ' for if I come again and find you skulking, you'll soon find the use of your crooked legs, you useless animal. You know what it is to disobey me.' 1 Sure and I do to me cost, yer lady ship ; and depend on it I'll be afther doing me best to prevent being three parts murthered again. And before ye take yer leave I'll be afther axing ye a civil question.' * Out with it,* says »*he. * I'm obliged to ye for condescending to listen to such a useless fellow as myself.' * Go on then, aud cease yer compli ments.' 'To fee sure I will, yer ladyship. The next time that I've the ill-luck to displease ye, sure and will ye give me time to explain myself ? Deed I thought I would like to know what I'm illtreated for. Sure and I'll draw a comparison. Supposing I was aboot to be tried for murther in a coort of justice, I would be allowed to spake in me own defence be fore the sentence of the coort was passed on me. Sure and I know no more than the babe unborn what I've done to de sarve being half hune, choked, and thrashed nearly to death.' * You don't know, eh, you vagabond ; do you mean to say that you don't know you were mocking me, making all sorts of wry faces, and blowing out yonr cheeks like a bladder?' * Och, sure and I thought yer lady ship was laboring under a mistake ; and Til be afther righting it at wasst. Now, Fm spaking the thruth intirely. I was only ating s piece of meat and bread, for Fd had no breakfast and 1 was rale hungry ; faith there could be no crime in filling me empty belly.' « If I'd known that you would have got ten times as much, you great hog. Eating in my presence, eh ! As for your belly, it was an enormous size thai day.' ?I beg to interrupt ye in defence of me belly. Faith the regimentals muf-t have been made for a man with an aw ful corporation. I couldn't half fill them out, and I had to invent an arti ficial belly— in fact I bad to fill part of the interior with old ragf-, to keep them from falling off before yer ladvship ; and that would have been an offence of a fearful nature.' 'Another mistake to you. You are insulting in yonr impudence, and you may expect double punishment next time.' And away she went, and I was right glad to see her back turned. ' Well/ says I to myself, * was there ever such a baste. Be jabers its the nature of her to torture some poor creature to death ; and that same is meself. Och, she'll be the death of roe next time. I'll be afther inventing a scheme to save meself — what will a man not do to save himself alive ? Och, sure he'd part with all he possessed.' I thought of many plans ; at last a grand one came into me bead. I'll be afther telling her Fve had an interview with the ghost of her murthered husband ; and I'll tell her an awful tale of the dark deeds related to me by the ghost himself. Be the powers she'll not be able to stand that ; and perhaps Maggie will be aftber helping me out with ii ; she'll be here directly with something fur me to ate.' Maggie entered just as I was thinking it over. ' Och, me jewel, I've a piece of news to tell ye, afther I have something to ate. Well, Maggie, her ladyship has paid me a visit, and she has informed me that I may expect no quarter next time she goes into me.* *. * Fve no doot on't ; many a time I've wonnert hoo ye could staun it. Ye' it be sairly tried. Ye've been as patient as Job, an' ye'H no come off as weel.' ' Well,' says I, 'I mane lo -.ut an end to me sufferings at wanst. I feel quite fresh afther the good feed ye brought me.' * I'm glad to hear o't. Is yer head amaist weel ? I was frighted she'd be pokin' in when I was awa', an' gie ye a doufiin o' cauld water ; she'd do it in a minnit ; naething's tae bad'., oft he likes o' her. Ye'H be sure tae keep yer weather eye open. Yer no in a fit state to get anither haundlin' frae her; sae look oot ; ye'll hae nae time tae gasp oot ony ex planation o' the reason yer no a woi k — she'll -jome on ye like the very deil himsel' ' I'll be sure lo act on yer kind ad vice, Maggie. And now I'll tell ye me grand scheme to frighten the old hag intirely. I've been thinking of what ye tonld me about the foul murther of her husband Well, Fm going tell her Fve had an interview, at the dead of night, with the ghost of her murdered husband ; and we'll see what effect it'll hare on ^ f ? the old jade. Sure she'll no stand that intirely.* 4 Gude save us, mon, yer no going to the length o' that. It's maist awfu' to o' ; and she's maist sure to suspect me o' telling ye, for she knows that I'm ac quainted wi' the awfu' fact that her gude mon didna dee a nat'ral death ; an' that's hoo I'm sae weel treated noo. She used to knock me aboot maist awfu' ; but one day she flew at me like a teegur, and me bluid got up, and I told her what I'd seen thro' the window, an' hoo she'd killed her husband. Eh, mon, Barney, ye should hae seen her turn as white as ony sheet, an' maist ghaistly in her look? ; an' at last she gasped oot that I was no tae speak to onybody aboot it, and I'd be weel served in the future.' ? Arrab, me jewel, ye did well, Maggie ; yer scheme was a rale good one. Sure and I don't know but ye've bate me pet scheme intirely. Ocb, sure and we'll bring .the old hag to her senses between us, Maggie ; and maybe it'll be the making of us both ; at sny rate there's no harm in trying, me hinney.' ? Weel,' say.* Maggie, ' I maun go noo, an' inak' her tay' ready.' ? Och, the old divil, I really wonder ye did not pisen the old baste, when ye had the power to rid the world of a great encucumbrance.* ' Eh, mon, I wouldna hart the likes o' her : she's no worth risking a gude life ower. In fac', Barney, it wad be wicked ; doesna the scripture tell us we're no to tak' life.' 1 Be the powers yer light, Maggie ; I didn't think of that. Ye're as good as a lawyer ; sure, if I ever get into trouble I'll pay ye six and eightpence j for yer advice, for ye'd be sure to tell me j the thruth intirely.' ' Hoot, mon, ye're only flattering, so I'll be off.' (To be continued.) 