MISCELLANEOUS. Roman Cathollcs\\.and Education. (FromnejMete SS 114C:I ih.) " WYE have reclv~d..'?on\? is.Sapc° Arch bishop Vaughan the following Pastoral Leter~ dfs. thrl? ýhbishibp and "Bishops exoraisiig jiurisdiction in New .outh Waleo : "To our dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, thd Clergy, and tihe Faithful under our jurisdiction. "Health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ. "f Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing d[augers to Catholic education are steadily increasing so as to become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is develop ing into absolute injustieo ; we, the Arch bishop and Bishops having jurisdiction in Now South Wales, who are responsible to God for the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and tal counsel together regarding the present condition of aflairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. S" The erection of costly Public Schools in every direction, which is continually going on; the steady, systematic way in in which our Denominational Schools are being, weakened and extinguished ; the treaitment of Catholics at Randwick and the Benevolent Asylum; the prospect of secularist Grammar Schools springing up at. the public expense in Maitland, Goul burn and Bathurst; of a secularist High School for girls being established in Syd ney, and partially endowed by the Govern ment; of £1500 a year being spent for five years on the education at Grammar Schools of boys especially from Public Schools; this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the cumnunit , to the exclu sion of others .h chnQt n conscience avail themsleof t a free com munity like our own,bhere all are equally taxed, a species of injpstice which cannot be submitted to in silence. AndnntrZo:thant this, this expenditure on godless education, this studding tlhe colony with schools which the Church knows from experience will, in course of time, fill the country with indifierentists, not to speak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funds-of taxes paid out of Oatholic pockets- for establishing a system of educa tion throughout the land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity, is an act so galling to overy fooling of fair-play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged, " Not merely as Bishops of the Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, ine emphati cally lay claim to our"share of that saime even- handed justice; and believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their follow-colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one-third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow tax-payers receive ; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. "Lot it be borne in miind that this is dis tinctly a religious questid.u Witlh politics, as such, it was never ?it'l 'hste to meddle. We preferto do our worl.'in peace, and avoiduthe contention of rival lparties. But when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position; when the question of education is in point of fact the great religioUs question of the day; we should be .. prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were to hold our peace; did we not, at the present juncture, set forth the teaching of the Church with great dis tinctness, and point out t'o you, dearly beloved, with unmiseTakble~blearness, your duties as interpreted by that teaching. "Christ came on earth to renew the world by the graces of His spirit, by His perfect law of life, and by the supernatural revelation of His will to man. What the highest paganisni aimed at, and failed to accomplish, -that lie did'; in all its fulness and perfection. The first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans gives us an outline of the degradation to which man can fall under a civilisation wsjch is based upon the passioiis; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Sobrates, Cato, and Cicero has proved to us how impotent are literature and philosophy and intellectual cultivation, when they set themselves to purify the spirit of the inner man. The hidious blots which disfigure the highest morality of Rome and Atheons are as so many fingers which pointto the imbecility of man when he thinks to civilise the heart, instruct the consdience, and direct the will, apart from the influences of true religion. And what the history of the past has proved to be the case,f he history of the present is ever more and ore 'confirming. We find, on all sides, that where philan thropists have attemptes to educate the inner life of man by pl losophy, legisla tion, or intellectual cultuje, the effect has always been the same. Every civilisation which has not had Christianity for its basis has been dwarfed, stunted, and deformed; and every effort, from that of the most remote paganism, to that of the, most modern infidelity, to deal with the conscience, the will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in the.degradation of man, and in the collapse of the philosophy which corrupted him. SThe reason may have been exercised, and aa the intellect may haveboen informed ; but, apart from Christianity, the moral natsre, on which man's worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor his powers, passions, and motives, elevated or refined. " What paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Chris tianity into the world. -What legislation cannbt tddch, or philosophy shape or sns tain, that our Savour came to legislate for. to purify mind to ennoble, through the gift idcd guidances of the Christian dispensation. He, and he alone, was able to convert and regenerate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's 'Maker. It required the power of holy Baiptism, with its interior and supernational effects, the .light .of faith illuminating the intellect and informing the conscience; and the grace of the sacraments, especially of penance and the altar, toge ther with a supernaitural life of piety and prayer, to bring their-united action to bear upon the world, before main onild gain any adequate notion of 'what Christian civilisa tion really meant,'anddof the effects of-the entire lau of. Christian education. These things it is- plaimt, are especial gifts of God to fallen nature.;'they are graciously bes towed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him in'withdrawing himself from. the tyranny of passion and the thraldom of pride; away from that brutality which is preduced by an enslavement to the world, then devil, and the flesh. Besides these gifts, Christianity brought knowledgo of 'rirfect ki d, compared with the obscurity o: the p; it, It taught man that in com. parison with the next world,, this world and all its wealth and knowledge, are as dro;s ; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can oiler; that sman is made for God, and has to savb his soul, before all things else;. and whatever hlie lose, if he gain God, all is gained. Chris tianity brought into the world, also, three invaluable gifts 'a true knowledge of God, a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towsards oed and man. " Of these teachings, all civilisation and legislation, all moralityv, public, social and private, are founded. Without these man falls back into paganism and barbarism; Iris moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates towards the condition of the savage. Whilst, on the other hand, withl Christianity thus acting as a moral force upon mankind, throngh supernatural grace, tie elticacy of the sacramoents, and the teachings of Reve lation, man is lifted up; his reason energizes in its fullest freedom, his con science is trained to asense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness and ripeness which are never to boound ldeor:,Jless favourable conditions..' , " Now we are bound', boh by the natural and the revealed law, to educate children in the knowledge of God, in His love, and in His conunandmenets. As Christians we are bound to educate them in the full reve lation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Church atone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their children ; and by the law of Christianity the Church is bound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children, form the dawning of their reason : the Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete the work which the parents have begun. ' Go ye therefore and teach,' or make disciples of 'all nations, baptizing theum in the name of the Father, and of. tle Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teachinig them to observe all things what ever I have commanded you, is her commis sion. Here the duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Thus both pll ts and the Church inculcate the same elebas teaching, they are icn perfect har? , ;'the education of the child at its motler's n'e is not undone in the Christian schools, un developed and completed. Through the,whole period the graces and inftluences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian child; the heart, the conscience, acid' the will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, and complete personality becomes saturated by a civilisation, of which Christianity alone can be the origin. " Thus it is self-evident that education without Christianity is impossible: you amay call it instruction, filling the mind writhl a certain quantity'of peculiar know ledge, but you cannot dignify it with the elctne education ; for religion is an essential hart of education; and to divorce religion or Christianity from Education is to ireturn to paganismt, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is -that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools,. and that method of teaching in which the relihgios .element is divorced from. the seelar.. . lItws that instruc tion is not 'educations and -thlat a system of practical paganism, which leads to corrup tion of morals and loss of faith, to national efeminacy and to national dishonour. "It is not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius LX. should have issued the fol lowilng instruction, which our Catholic people and ou; Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on. In it they will find 1o new doctrine, but the old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. ' The greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says the Supreme Pontiff, when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which tihe happiness of the Church and of the conunonwealth 'depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permatiertly secure the foindltion of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are neces sary for hia in order to attain after this life his last end. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and untruth; and education which, without tlhe aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the miud and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will be a source of greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families Who does not see tlhat the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introducedinto primary schools I for it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns educationr and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. Tihe young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary echools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality they have justly attracted to themsolves in a greator degree than other educational institutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of withdrawing primary schools fronm the cou trol of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by the desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of our holy faith. 'Thoso who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charg se she has received front God of guid ing all men to salvation; and in whaatever country this pernicious d removing the schools from clos ? ec utority should be entertained and?al!a into exu cution, and tles young there posed to the dang"er of lteing htirir..fai, thdre the Church would lbein n?J?tboun not only to use her best efforts, and to: employ every means to`'securo'for them the necessary Christian education ttnd instruction, but moreover would feel horseolf obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent esuolh schools as being adverse to'the Catholic Church.'* Whorve?tliio question of Soecularists' schools .has arison, the iBishops of the Church lhave preached the sccar doctrineo, inld have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warnings. FHow tihe Bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod , o etter vddre ',d by 1Pp PlSt s IX. . thes Ara, biisp ci s'rhbcj, rely 14Jc5 1thl51i and out of Synod, again. and again, is kuown to all of you. The English hier archy has more than once considered it its duty to address the Catholic people of England to thle sanue ll?set. In one of their recent joint pastoral letters they say : We have already declared that education without Christianity is impossible; or, to usee' modelnl i)h1u0se, that the secular and religious elements of education are insepar able; that education is essentially icligiois, and therefore that where religion . is excluded there is no education. 1-Jold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion omay give instruction, but education they calnnot give; they cannot edulcate a people., Let it ib called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, lot it not be called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, but instruction without religion is instruction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught . cannot be moral; but Christian morals cannot be taught without religion; for what is siorality b'ut the hisw of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour. And lhow is it possible-to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whlom these ielations exist ? But to know this-unless men are going to reduce a Christins people to the level of Deists-Clhristianity must be taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the kinowledge of Christ, and that agani, by necessity, involves the knowledge of His history, His teachlung, His comnlmandulmets, His incarnation, His divine peraonality. iAnd what is this but deogmsa 1 for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, ~eligion is not taught, morality is not taught; and whore morality is not taught, the heart, the conscience, and the will' of children are not educated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this education 1' * " Such, then, being the emphatic teach ing of the Catholic Church, we, the Arch bishop mid Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn the principle of Secularist education, and thdse schools which are founded on i that principle.t We condemn them, first, because they contravene the first principles of the Christian religion ; and secondly, because they are seed-plots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens, Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the pul pit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realises the true position of aflairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to nmake them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to upset, by constitutional means, ai system which, whilst it is ia crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover warn parents, who through a spirit of indifference or worldliness, *are exposing their children to proximate danger of perversion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Ahnighty God; and that they are jeopardizing.the faith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who are ton' young to help themselves, and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Lot them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools, for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember what their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show them selves unworthy of their own flesh and blood -flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. " We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in the conm munity at large. Lot all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their follow electors, and their rrre?reseitatives in Parliament these two' facts first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they con sider an evil to the country; secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them ; lot the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common, evil-handed- justice will assist us in working out a remedy. Would Secularists hold their peace, if without. equal provision being made fdr them, public treasure were lavished on. Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of boys, exclusive from Catholio institutions ? Would they not hold that they worobeingtreated withextra ordinary injustice and unfairness 7 And would not the whole world agree with them ? '" It will be urged that the State leaves religion to parents and priests, and Jays' claim to instruct chlildren in secular matters only. " True, the State does not, aid canniot, claim a commission to educate. It is the bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp, the moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by the natural and' Divile law to give their children a Christian edu cation. The State has no power or com mission to usurp the parental iights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is taught. To do so would be to indulge in the most cruel form of religious ilersecution. The State has no 'rights higher or more sacred than those of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the natural rights and duties of parents; its commission is to see that those rights are not invaded, and that those duties are per formed. The Catholic Church condemns godless schools and Secularist education, bpcause they are solvents of Christianity, and tends tdwards depriving Christian children of i priceless treasore. And no man cal be a sound Catholic and support that which the Church condemns, "The State may declare, and statesmen' mnisy teach, that tile Secularist systern is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholio religidn ?: B3it iri matters of religion, are Catholics 'to be guided by the world or hy the Church ? Does not 'th Church know her own trio interests best i Has not 'she had experiencea of centuiries, in point of time ; and alF over the' world, in point' of space I Are not hoI professed opponents on the side of secularist education, and 'do not her best firiends range themiselves upon the Christian'side I ' And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and developed a Christian spirit 1 Has not the Catholic episcopate, ins various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to i4luenclh such 'a spirit? Wehat * irlvens. illl. ril e, 15r0. 5 l by in 5relhblle?'l Iof \5e'tmhsiler snd les 55Clr0 aucrsasa,, t BuE Aj,ý"'ml~x, is our own exporiunce, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony 1 To their' shamne, it must be said, some of our people do seild their children to public schools. What is the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such children' That there is a marked dilleronce between them' and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality, their anuuiiirs are rough and irrevyrent, they have little sense of respect and gen!tle ness, they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in num ber. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave mnisgiv " If hi any country in the world signs are being held out on every side of the neces sity of an especial school, 'of self-control, reverence, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any cnnntry Catholic childieii require a strong Catholic edileaiton; itis hero. Athonm the ancienttraditionsand monuments of piety and reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other exterial helps, assist in the trainiing up of the young in a Christian spirit; but here, whoro all .is noew, the, clergy' few, the population smaill and scattered, and the external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with the best efforts of the best Catholic training, to rear sup the children to Christian piety,. and with tlibrough Catholic instincts. How reuinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Christianity'out of the schools, and to conifine it to a Sunday Catechism-class, under such circumstances' as thesel " The only fair chance for Catholic chil dren turning out Catholic men and womlnc in this colony is for them to be most carefully and conscientiously taught their religion by their paresrts from their earliest years'; and thenl for them to be sent to thorough Catholic schools, 3where the home teaching is continued, and the. mind and heart and conscience and seoises of the .children are impregnated with Catholic instincts, and Iuonlf ed upon Catholic truth, ,' I~?ay be interjected that some Caitho l?td:do not disapprove of Public schools, for a cogtain number of Catholio childreor are going. to them. We reply, because a cer tain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not con deomn what is wrong, and teach them whlat it right. We declaim against and condemni intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in pro portion as we are inclined to fear the Catholics are beginning to feel loss and less horror at drunlkenness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided by the practices or. corrupt views of bad, or indifferont, or ignorant Catholics, but by the successor of St. Peter and the BIishops of the Church who are in coniuuinion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe; to listen to and follow, in such miat matters, any other voice, is to plunge intc darkness, and, finally, to make ship-wreck of the faith. " What, then, are our practical recom mendations 1.-First, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of God with regard to the Catholic education of their children. Lot parents, from their child ren's earliest years, teach them to pray; and until they are fit for school, exercise theim in Catholic practices, and fill them with Oatholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic instincts, and by example as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence. Lot all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as matter for confes sion, and as a cause forgrave spiritual alarm. " II.-Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholio Schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for their chil dren, who have to learn, before everything else, to save their souls j and who should be sedulously prepared, *by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic traiinig; for oncountering the perils of the world into which.they will eventually. be thrown. " III.-Thirdly, let all Catholic" parents know- that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in .proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so, is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no Confessor can absolve,. such parents as. are willing to expose their children's souls to the blight ing influentcs of an alien creed or a seeu larist systefm. -"'! I?-Fourthly, lot those who are so unhappy as to b'e sending, their children at the presoent moment to Public Schools, withdraw them as soon as possible. Let them examine their children's religious instincts and moral condition I and if, as is to be expected, they find faith and morales weakesied, aiid the germs of lawleshiness aliparent, then let' theth; with' greit' anxiety, do aill they cani to redeem the time. and to remsidy the 'evil,' Let 'them' espeidally prepae' sich chliildren foi' the' Sacroments, teachf them' to hear mass deviutly, to say their' moining and night prayers punctually, to inake our Lord their moral; to pray to.our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to be obedient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed over them. ' - - " Vi-Fifthly, let tle clergy maleo son instructions as thesee the frequent subject of their sermns and their private exhorta tions ; and. let themn not weary till godless and non-Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children, and until all the Catholic children in the district are receiv ing a oiiund Catholic educatioi:. - *, VI.-Sixthly, lot bishops, priests, and people, do all that lies in them, if neces 'sary at personal sacritice, to render thlir present schools as eficient in every way as possible; so as to be equal in secular instruction to non-Catholic schools, whilst they surpass thelm'in the genuinieteducation of the will, the conscience, and the senses. " VII.-Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they havo, lot Catholics unite as otto ntan, and insist, by mmans of legitimate' yet persevering and earnest pressure in tli'right direction, upon their equal rights with their, follow tax-payers. ' Wlttt is the present position of affairs 1 Catholics are pay'ig or';,tlt upport of schools whiohthuy .antneitH!r approve of, nor makeoutso'of' whlst no'ehalogous pro. vision has booei made fdr them., , "We may be met with the cry of thet 'religious difioculty,' ,:Woe'. admit the' religious difficulty; . but that difficulty, is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a large section'oftho community. " Thdi ' religious ditliculty"' exists in Ireland, and still more in'nglanid. But whilst the Catholics of. Ireland are receiving a larger slhare'of juisticeas days.go by, tihe Citlholics of this colony are receiving a less and lestashare of justice. Whilst the smnall Catholio minority in England is rojoioing, with roegrd to education, in evonhatnded justice, we, hlroe, ar- retrtg'anintg and are aggravating that onoesidedness and unfair ness from whiich the broad spirit of a grow nmg liborality has set Protestanot England free. VWhy should the mother countryoyld a monopoly. of oven-halodednesa1 Why should cnot we walk in the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how to solve ' the religious odilliculty' by the British pamncea of fair play? And how can this principle of fair play be applied? .The answer is simple. Introduce payment by results in place of thie prehsent unjust and galling sys tom. According to this muethod, whilst no creed is subsidised, eacel section of the couiunity .receives equal ass5stance with the other, according to.as4oettinoed results (by Government cinspectidn) of secular teochling. .Thus .the colnion funds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sooct, indeed, would be deprived of a monopoly ; but, then, a wide. spread irritation, sprinoging from a cruel wrong, would givec way to happiness .and peace' tlhroughout the', colony. Neither Catholic nor Prottooaflonpsuld be called upon to support cr?js??wihich they, con demn; nor would laigo' tnnual grants of money be la'ishbd upon oie section of the communiy 'to the exclusion of; another. There would be one law of fair-play and no favouring, for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated.-Is not this a broad, an intelligible platform; upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If, there be a wide-spread sense of'justice in the hand, as we firmly believe there is-Is there not some power amongst us tllat will rouse it into action'? " We reecmmend those interested in this subject to study the Intermediate Educi tion Bill for Irelar.d ; theElemoentary Edu-' cation Act for England au W?les, withtho Neow Code' of Reogilatio l &csud; Sir John O'Shrinassy's Bill to funrtltr ¶i nd the Law relating to Educatipn. 4 " in luatters ot Vital imlnortanceanCO L Com mon justice half measures generally turn out miserable and cww rdly failures. If it be worth while for. the Catholic body to assert its.rights a allt isworth while for it to assert its full\aid l? e rights. Let us all realize this face ; an tleIn we shall not be content till our presotlumiliating posi tion is exchanged for oie of fairness and equality; It is a great cause which we have in hand, nothing lets than keeping alive, in its integrity, in odr adopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far securing the sdlvation of souls, as well as the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense -of their responsibilities; let thesm bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right .quarter; and never cease in their persever ing, their organizd it orlniity, until they have obtaincd-thd ig± which no man can refuse them?"i' uithout self-evident injustice. "Dearly 3Beloved,1-Watch'ye, stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and be streng thened.' * ' Keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace ; one body,' one Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your call. ing; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism u One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all.' t "May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all thingq; .thm your whole spirit,'and soul, and both~j mn be preserved blameless in the coming of our lord Jesus Christ." I . " Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 18790, and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday.. t RooedR DEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. t· I?rlTTEw, Bishop of Bathurst. t JA.Mcs, Bishop of Maitland. t WILLAMr, Bishop of Goulburn, 