Our Storv Teller. SUSAN’S MISTAKE. Among nil tho Inm housemaids m Bloomsbury not one could compare with Susan Iliiiin, who Intel tho privilege' of being a servitor in the mansion oE Mr Jobbins. aldormaim nncl tallow cluuullor ' of: the City of London, Not only did Susan excel in the neat ness of her dress and the cheerfulness with which she performed her duties, but she also carried off tho palm with respect to personal appearance, as would have been admitted by any one who observed her pouting mouth, ruddy cheeks, bright full black eyes, and the pleasant smilo which constantly shed light, over her features, and helped to enhance the charms with which nature had endowed Susan Biffin was an extremely well conducted girl, and knew more than most people in her station of life, inasmuch ns licr parents (now dead) had been respec table tradosfolks, who in tho hitter por tion of their life had fallen into difficul ties, but lmd takon care that, despite the wrecking of their wordly prospects, tho education of their only child should not bo neglected. Thus much for Susan’s advantages, Now let us look at the reverse of the medal. The pretty housemaid’s chief fault was that she was in love—and des perately too—a circumstance which, of course, called forth tho severest censure from her mistress, who, to her credit be it said, took an interest in her servants not (often manifested by pcoplo of such rank as(tho wife of this city magnate. '■’/Sirs', Jobbins: lmd f<iur,ila«gliter;i,«mah|' ringcablo years upon years ago, and who as yet had never lmcl the ghost of nn , offer. Now, of course, it would have been a commendable thing lmd these vestals fallen in love, and set their foot firmly on the rond which lends to Hy men’s temple ; but with a young servant ! offal. twenty it was a very different mat ter. Mrs. Jobbins took the affair up ' warmly, as did also tho vestals alluded 1 to, and persistently informed Susan that if she know when she was well oil':, she would remain single, etc.; in fact, if possible, tho young ladies expressed a greater horror of matrimony than their 1 mamma, and went about the house de ! claiming against the perfidity of mnu .' kind in terms that would have qualified them to becomo shining lights in any so ciety of female celibates, although, as . cook senten tiously remarked in t lio sacred , precincts of the kitchen, “If their 111a , hadn’t married Mr Jobbins, where on { earth would they have bccnP A good 1 job, perhaps, if their mn lmd remained single.” Brora this remark of cook's, who also had a sweetheart, it may bo inferred ( that tho Misses Jobbins were not quite so ■ well liked “ down stairs” as their mator ( nal parent. ; Perhaps, however, the great reason for Mrs Jobbin’s dislike to Susan’s courtship ! was that the pretty housemaid had fixed her affections upon wlmt Mrs J. termed a “theatrical,” but what Siisan always spoke of as a Harlequin. Tho intimacy between Susan and her betrothed was still young,-hut on one side at least it seemed as though it had existed for years, inasmuch is Susan was a tender, sympathetic creature; and when Herr Kiddini fell upon his knees at the house of a mutual friend, and with up lifted arms begged her . to be “his,” she at once yielded him all tho affection her fresh young heart was captble of bestow ing. The Harlequin, kowcTcr, was not Susan’s first, sweetheart. : Such a neat, pretty girl could not fail to have plenty of admirers among the sous of the small , tradesmen resident in the'neighborhood. Tho tinje had been when Susan had almost; determined „ upon.., becoming tho wifo of an enterprising young grocer named Perks, who had recently opened a busincss^of his own, and was said to he thriving. Susan really liked Porks, but the rose ate hues of courtship wore darkened by .some- trumpery lovers’ quarrel; and ns Susan said Perks was in tho wrong, and Perks declared that Susan was entirety at fault, the affair resulted in a parting. Neither would give way, and neither would ngreo to the meditation of a third party ; so Susan at once returned all the little gifts which Perks had lavished upon her. The jealous young grocer’s parting words were thnt he hoped she would not make a mistake, and that ho felt she would repent of her conduct to him ; at which Susan disdainfully tossed her head and. turned awajr. Thus ended one love episode in tho pretty house-maid’s life. Herr Kiddini was, as Susan had stated, a Halequin at Christmas-tide, and a teacher of dancing and calisthenics throughout the remainder of the year. Our heroine met him first at tho abode of a married friend who had once been a fellow-servant in tbe Jobbius’s mansion, and that spirit of curiosity which seems to he; excited by all who are in any way occupied beforo tbe foot-lights invested Herr Kiddiuni with an importance he would otherwise not have possessed. He was decidedly not a good-looking man— his eyes woro sunken and fringed with thick lashes, and a slight moustache faded to hide the sinister expression of his month. But the fact of his being “on tbe stage” blinded Susan and Susan’s friends to every thing olse. Here tboy were at tea with the gentleman who to morrow night would appear boforo a crowded audience in a tight-fitting dross i covered with spangles, the grace of whose 1 dancing elicited such applause, who boro | the wand which turned everything into i something totally different, and who t jumped through shop windows with an 1 agility that was vainly emulated by Clown i andPantaloon. Herr Kiddini was a moody i man, not given to much conversation j still i |.ho had sense enough to • perceive that i something was cxpected.of.ami.-uftev.Uio, ,c 'numerous Hiees of bread-and- butter and i sundry cups of tea that had passed down i his capacious throat, so he invented a few s stories relative to liis career, always ] taking care that ho should appear in tho i most favorable of lights; and ere the l ovening had elosedho had so far succeeded t in winning the good-will of Susan and her ( friend tho eook, who accompanied her, £ that Herr Kiddini was the principal subject of conversation between them s throughout the week. c How great was the astonishment of i both when, a few days after, a thumb- i stained letter arrived for Miss Biffin, on- ( closing an “order ” for two for tho upper f boxes at tho theatre at which Kiddini was t engaged, and a greasy half-shoot of noto- ( paper, with tho words “ Otto Kiddini’s 1 compts.” scrawled thereon ! Tlio receipt i of tins courtosy demanded that Susan 1 should, with cook’s assistance, concoct a ] letter of thanks to tho great Terpsichoroan ( artist. Tlio lottor took some time to t write, because, as cook remarked, it i wouldn’t “ do to ho too for’ard or yet too 1 distant.” However, at last tlio happy c medium was arrived at, and with many j blushes suffusing her countenance, Susan • dispatched, via the post office, lici' first communication to Herr Kidd ini, 'ph0 next thing wns to obtain the consent o[ Mrs Jobliins (lint they might spend the evening together, because Susan declared she wouldn't go without cook, and the hitter wouldn’t accept the ticket for her self and a friend on any account whatever. Although it was awkward for both to bo out on the same evening, Mrs J.’s consent was won, and in the brightest of bonnets and warmest of cloaks the two girls went to see the pantomime in which Herr Kid dim took such un active part. Prosperity had not shed its golden rays upon the theatre of Into, and thero was plenty oE " paper" to bo had j so that when Susan and cook look their scats in the stufliy "PI10? boxes and looked around thorn, they were not so disconcerted ns might have boon the case if money and not “ orders ” had prevailed. The pantomime was played first that evening, so that the girls wore not kept long upon the tendor hooks of expectancy. The “opening” seemed rather long; but thero is an end to everything, and at length the lamps were lowered for tiro “ carpenter’s scono” which was to usher in the glories of tho transforms! ion. The usual bevy of furies appeared suspended in the air, t hero woro the enstomary banks of impossible (lowers and the usual combination of colored fires. Then Kiddini in his party-colored Harlequin dross bounded upon the si ago, the very perfection of grace and agility— at least so wispered Susan to cook, who nodded affirmatively—and throughout tho rest of tho performance ho was to them the only object of interest. The merry sallies of the Clown, tho senile observa tions of the Pantaloon, tho feats of tho [' ■aii»mv«Wy 'bOheUiss; sprite*,- tte> Tod-kot poker, and tho spirited “rally ” woro in their eves mere adjuncts to tho dancing of Kiddini, and only gone through in order that ho might have an interval of rest. Susan envied the active young per son who appeared as Columbine, and be gan to ■think that dancing with Herr Kid diui must be tho greatest pleasure life could afford. But just when tho “ comic business ” seemed at its height, the green buizo dropped upon a tableau of which their hero, supporting tho Columbine on his knee with one hand, was the principal figure, and the pantomime was at an end. Cook had barely time to comment upon the “loveliness" of the performance, when Susan felt n gentle tap upon her shoulder, and looking round, recognised the friend by whom she had been intro duced to Kiddiui. “ You ain’t going to stop for the drama, are you ? Kiddiui said he’d sent you a order, and ho gave mo one too. ’ Liza”— the speaker’s wife—“ is outside the boxes and we’re off, because Kiddini said he’d come round and have a bit of supper with us. You’d better come too.” The girls looked at each other, and then began to compare opinions. Tho friend’s house was down a mews, within a stone’s throw of their master’s, and ns perhaps (as Susan suggested) tho drama might turn out to be a stupid thing, they decided to leave the theatre with their friend. Tho chief inducement with both Susan and cook, however, was that thero was a probability of Kiddimii jiartaking of supper with them. . Their hopes in this respect were not disappointed. The groat man arrived at their friend's house almost as soon as they did, made a very hearty supper, and was more agreeable and talkativo than usual. As if by a preconcerted move ment, Susan suddenly found herself alone with the Harlequin, and ere her friends re-entered the room she had become “ engaged” to him, and had promised to become his brido in the following July, six months hence. How long Kiddini took to doclarc his passion is moot-point. Susan declared .they, -wore not> alone moro than five minutes, and that Otto’s confession burst upon her like a bomb-shell; but cook averred that tho arrangement took more than half an Hour to settle. That night Kiddini saw tho girls home, and the sharp ears of cook detected tho sound of a kiss while she was descending the area steps, leaving Susan to follow. After this occasion moro “ orders” came and Susan found frequent opportunity ol meeting her Otto, whom, ns she- confi dentially informed the trusty cook, “ she loved moro and more every time she saw himat which sympathizing cook would give an approving smile, and remark, “ Very natural, my dear.” Susan’s conscience occasionally smoto her when she recalled her behavior to young Perks, the grocer, who, cook said, “ felt her conduct much, aiul was reduced to a skelintonfor the little quarrel which had separated them had really originated with her, and though all was over between them, and she was engaged to another, she could not bear to think that she had caused him any suffering. She often fancied she would have liked to go round to his shop and confess herself in the wrong, but after consultation with cook she came to the conclusion that such a course of proceeding might inspire hopes in tho young man’s breast which could never bo fulfilled; so she re solved that matters should remain as they wore. Susan was of a sensitive nature, and when tho remark that had been made by cook relative to the man ner in which young Perks was “ falling nwiiy” recurred to her memory, it was difficult for her to restrain the tears that dimmed the lustre oE her black eyes. She tried to think that a, “ professional” of tho rank of a Harlequin was a much bet ter match than a small grocer, who had to stand behind his counter from eight in the morning until ten or eleven o'clock at night, with scarcely an opportunity to have a comfortable meal during any portion of tho day. Besides, as cook said, Kiddini was a gentleman, as any one could soe, and with his aristocratic bearing and white hands, on one of which a massive ring shone conspicuously, was n.fit match; ovcirfor olic of their young ladios—allud ing to the Misses Jobbins, who, perhaps, would not havo felt flattered by tho allu sion; still, on the other hand (not tho Harloquin’s other hand), there is a time in the life of a spinster when it seems ns though she would be willing to marry anyone, and it must bo coufossed this critical period was nigh at hand with tlio alderman's daughters. • During the early days of their court ship Kiddini was not the most attentive of lovers, and when taunted therewith, replied that his .arduous oxortions at night rendered him almost unfit for so ciety. Howovcr, when lie hoard from thoir mutual friend's wife in the mews that he must really pay moro attention to tho pretty housemaid or sho would re bel, and wlion his botrothed in a confid ing momont showed him'her savings bank book, in which sho was credited with tho possession of £MO, Herr Kiddini's affec tion received an impetus, and ho became as ardont as could bo wished, Aflor tho run of the pantomime his lime was moro his own, and, as ho informed Susan, ex cepting tho instruction of a fow daily pupils ho had really nothiug to do, To le continued. 1 \ fl l t 1 I 1 ] f t f il l1 tl ti B 