CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. At Yass. — The following conditional pur chase mado at tho land offico on Thursday last was accidentally omitted from last Friday's issue :— Wm. Collison, 60 acres, section 21, narish of Taemas. countv of Onwlnu. At Gunning,— John Divine, 40 acres, Bection 21, parish of Blakney ; Timothy Daloy, 40 acres, section 21, pariah of Kildare ; Honry Smith, 40 acres, Bection 21, pariah of Romnor; Michael Flanagan, 50 aores, section 21, parish of Wheeo; Alox. Ferris, 320 nores, section 13, parish of Romnor; John Burnes, 80 acres, Bection 21, parishes of Lerida and Cullarin ; Lawronce Purcell, 120 acres, seotion 21, parish of Crook- well. At Gundagai. — John S. Flitter, 50 acres, Boggan Boggan ; James D. Shoalmn, 180 nores, Coonoy ; Ricbord Dominic, 110 acres, Muttnrao; Edmund Oak, 66 sores, North Gundagai ; Thomas Mooro, 200 ocrcB, Cooba. At Tumut.— P. Geary, 40 ncros, Wynnglo ; L. Bronnan, 40 aoros, Tumut ; W. Jonoa, 50 acres. Bago. ' At Young.— Edward Murphy, 100 aores, Cul- lingar. At Cootamundra.— Thomas Quin, 40 acres, Yeo Yeo; Edward James Forsyth, 40 ucres, Jindaloe; William John Izzard. 134? acres, Congo. At Wagga Waooa. — Georgo McKinlay, 190 acres, county of Bourko, perish of Northcote; George McKinlay, jun., 110 acros, county of Bourke, parish of Northcote ; Robort Moy, 6 10 ecros, county of Bourko, pariah of Ingnlba; Jamos Joseph Rudd, 040 acros, county of Mitcholl, parish of Wanborrimo ; Elmor Bird Smith, 120 acres, county of Wynyard, parish of Cunindroo ; Daniel Chonoy, 80 acros, county of Wynyard, pnriBh of Murraguldrio ; Frodk, Abbott, 200 acres, county of Wynyard, parish of Oberno. Telegraphic. — Mr. F. Lassen, who for sovera years past hns beon junior operator at tbo tele graph station, Yass, has exchanged with Mr. Brooker, at Parramatta, uud loavoa this morning; for his new. station. Parish Road.— It has beon deemed expedient to open and make a road from tho Tuniiit and Tumborumba road, within James Dennu's 320 ucres, up Dog-trap Creek to reserved road at tha west boundury of J. Davis's 10 acres, C.P., portion 121, parish of Gilmore, county of Wyn yard. Plans, &c.;, have boon lodgod at tha polico office, Tumut. Yass Municipal Council.— Tho mooting ol tha Counoil last Friday lapsed for want of a quorum. Those in attendance were tho Mayor, and Aldor- men Howoll ond Thomson. Tho mooting wos adjourned to Thursday noxt. The Mail via Suez,— Letters intendod for des patch by the abovo routo, require to bo posted before half-past nine this evening. Hospital Accommodation at tub Gaol. — At an inquest hold at tho Yass gaol on tho Gtb ultimo, tho jury addod a rider to their vordict stating their opinion " thnt somowhut bettor provision should be mado lor such invalid prisoners ndmittod than lying on such n inoun uncomfort- ablo bod as wo witnossod." Tho matter was subsoquontly brought boforo tho Minister for Justico, and tho following reply has boon l'ocoivod by tho coroner: — "Sydney, 10th Mnrch, 1879.— Sir,— Referring to rider of jury on inquoBt on a man namod James Murphy, hold boforo you on tba Gth ultimo, with rcforonco to opinion that Bomowbat bottor provision should bo mado for invalid prisoners admitted into Yass gaol, I am directed by tho Ministor for Justice and Pnblio Instruction to inform you that under a communication recoivod from tho Comptroller General of Prisons, it appoarB that hospital accommodation is provided in tbo plan of alterations and additions about to bo mado at Yass gaol. — I have, &o.;, W. C. Plunkktt, Undor-Becrotory, I. M, Blake, Esq., coroner, Yass." Stod Sheep.— Tho salo of a largo numbor of puro Eroildoun Bboop, and pure Roranoy Marsh ewos and rams, annonnood by Mr. J. L. Waugh to tako placo at Grenfell, has been postponod till the 22nd April next, Tbo advertisement appearB in to-day's pnper. Leases pob Special Objects. — Mr. Goorgo Ellis has boon permitted to Ioobo two aores of land for briokmaking, part of portion No. 8G, parish of Cootnmundra, county of Ilardon; annual rent, £5. — Mr. William Bootes has also been permitted to lease two acres of land on the Jollingrovo reserve, parish of Mundarlo, oounty of Wy nyard, Uratta Run, for tbo purposo of quarrying limestone ; annual rent, £10. In Insolvency. — A single mooting in the OBtate of Henry Hart, lato of Yass, was hold in Sydney laBt Friday. Insolvent deposod that be had not yet filed bis schedule, ob ho bad settled with his oroditors. Tho mooting was adjournod to allow insolvent to apply for a roleaso. A first and only mooting in tho insolvoht ostate of James Day, of Tumut, labouror, will be hold at Tumut on Wednesday, lGth April.— — Sehedulo Filed : — Mary Ann Lupton, of Browley, near Norrandorra. Liabilities, £7277 12s. 9d. ; assets, £3240. Insolvent's landed proporty consists of 2240 aoros of conditionally- purchasod land, mortgaged, with eboop aud cattle, to the Joint Stock Bank for £4610. Tho nctual valuo of tho proporty is £2400 ; also, 258 acros, valued at £90. Tho personal property is valued at £666, of which £510 is oattle and sheep mortgoged to tho said bank. There are no debts due to inBolvont. Insolvent's prmoipol creditors ore — Joint Stock Bank, £1730, of which £2910 is securod; Mav Monash and Co., £583; Golds- borough and Co., £404; and H. Muto and Co., £197 ; A. Adams's salary, bb tutor, £190 ; P. Edmondson and Co., £106; J. Afford, £r120; Watson, £112. Tho socured debts' amount to £2910, and the unsoonred to £4367 12s. 9d. Christopher Thomas Bagot, of Bon Lomond, noar Glen Innos, grazier. Causo of sequestration : Ono, Thomas Rogers, who has a vordict for £66, and tbo bank of N.S. W. having takon possession of what stook insolvent hod remaining. Lia bilities, £24,729 lis. 3d. Assots, £18,054 18a. 6d. Compulsory sequestration : — In tho petition of Walter Bradley, Edward Nowton, and Charles Fisher Lamb, of Spring-street, auc tioneers, praying that the ostato of the Rov. Goorgo W. Looming, of Woollahro, Roman Catbolio priost, may bo sequestrated for tho benefit of oreditors. Tho Chief Commissioner granted a rule nisi, and mado it returnablo on tho 27th instant. The claim is on a promissory noto, dated 14th Ootohor, 1878, payable four months after dato to Miss Looming, or order, for £419 4s. 7d., and by her ondorsod to Bradley, Nowton, and Lamb; asBignoe, Mr. R. II. Sompill. Gold Field Revocations.— On tbo 12th instant tbo underdosoribed portions of land were revokod from tho area known as tho Burrangong gold- field, namely— That part of tho Burrangong gold-fiold, as proclaimed 31st August, 1805, containing 320 aoros, included in portion 7, parish of Bribaroo, county of Monteoglo; also, that part of tho Bnrrangong gold-fiold, as pro claimed 31st August, 1865, containing 640 acres, included in portions 88 to 98, inolusivo, and 110 to 113, also inolusivo, parish of Thuddungara, oounty of MontOBglo, and portion 40, parish of Momagong, county of Bland. Forgery and Uttering. — At tho Liverpool Polico Court, on tho 10th instant, John McEvoy was ohargod on warrant from Murrumburrah, with forging and uttering a choquo for tbo amount of £3 15s. Roraanded to Murrumburrah. —John MoEvoy and Walter Edwin Porry, wero ohargod on warrant, with obtaining goods and money to the amount of £3 15s. by a valueless choquo. Roraandod to Borrima, Burrangong Races. — In our tolographio column in last issue wo announcod the result of last Thursday's rnoes. On Friday, the attendance was small,- -the sport good, aud tho weatbor favourable. Tho winning horses wore— Welter Stokes— Ito, 1 ; Torpedo, 2 ; True Blue, 3. The Burrangong Turf Club Handicap— Sauntoror, 1 ; Macaroni, 2; Albyn, 3. Tho Flying Handicap —Fairy, 1 ; Messenger, 2 ; Will-o'-the-Wisp, 3. The Hurdle Race— D'Jolma, 1 ; Uncle Alick, 2 ; The Ghost, 3. Tho Forced Handicap was won cleverly by Messenger. The Pbince-btbebt Tragedy. — Under this bonding the Sydney journals have been referring to an inquiry hold beforo the coroner for several days past. The inquost was terminated laBt Friday, when tho jury roturnod a vordict of wilful murder against tho prisoner, Thomas Maguire. A bod of the deceased and of tbo prisoner, also nnmed Thomas Maguire, aged thirteon years on tho 21th of December next, deposed that deceased was his mother. She resided with his father and yonnger brother, aged 10, and sister aged 5, at No. 9, Princes- street. Tho fivo of thorn wore the only occu pants of tho house. Deoeasod and witnoss wero lying in tho yard on tho 1st instant on tho ground. Prisonor had put them out of the boiiBQ about ten o'clock on Fridoy night. About half-past fivo o'olook on Friday night witness was at tho gate, and hiB mother was at witness's uncle's at Campordown. Witness went out, and at Bix o'olock returned, when be saw deoeasod walking about tbo street noar the bouse, and his father inside tho house. Prisoner sent him into tbo bouse with a kiok, and boat him till about ton o'olook. At ton o'olook the prisoner shoved him out, telling him to go out with his mother, who was sitting at the gate. IIo wont to his mother, end they sat togother until thoy fell asloep. About half-past two next (Saturday) morning prisoner woko witnoss by hitting him on tho side of tho hood with his hand. At tho Wator Polico Court witness mado a mistake by saying prisoner kioked him then. When pri sonor struck him ho said, "Go insido." Pri soner and deoeased followed witness inside. Witness wont up-stairs, leaving prisonor and deoeased in tho kitchen. He hoard them quarrelling. Deoeased said, "Ob, Tom, don't hit mo." Prisonor thon called upstairs to witness, "Come downstairs and get a light." Witness wont downstairs, and in the front room lit tho candle with some matches ho got from tho kitchen. Deoeased was then in the kitchen, and prisoner in tho front room. On lighting tho candle witnoss handed it to his father, who took it into tho kitchen, and placod it on a table. Witnoss went: upstairs and prisonor called him down. Ho then saw prisonor and deooased near tho fireplace. Prisoner had a hammer in his hand and struck doceasod with it on tho right sbouldor. When prisoner mado a second blow at deceased sho bobbod hor head and avoided it by putting hor head up the ohimney. Prisoner then said to witnoss, "Got mo a pieoe of paper, I'll soon take hor out of that." Witnoss said, " Why, I can't bob any papers about," and walked into tho front room. Prisoner followed him io, and ho Baw two popors lying between the head of the sofa' end tho safe. Prisonor said, "Are you blind, look at them; give me ono." Witness picked up ono and handed it tc him. Prisonor went from tho front room to tho kitchoe, took up tho candlo that wob alight on tho toblo, oponod tbo popor, turnod it round and lib ono end of it. Decousod was all this timo in tho chimney. Prisonor thon liftod up docsasod's dress, end put tho lighted papor under hor dress, when hor clothes immediately caught firo. Deceased's head was then tip the cbimnoy, und sho was standing on iho hobbs. She could not soo what prisonor was doing from hor position. Tho dross was a sort of muslin ono. Doceasod cumo out of tho firopluoo when hoi clothes blazod up, und sho rushed out of tho kitchen door into tho yard, calling out " Oh ! put mo out," and " murdor," and " polico." Prisoner told witnoss to got a bucket of wator, which witnoss did, and threw tho wator ovor hor. Witnoss got a kerosene tin of wator, and threw tho water ovor her. On gotting a soeond buckot- full prisonor got a blaukot, which ho put ovor docoasod whilo sho lay in the yard. Decousod Baid, "Tom, you done it this timo;" and prisonor said, "No, I novor, you dono it your- Bolf." Sho said tbo words, "you dono it this time," two or throo timos. Whon tho firo was out prisonor took hold of hor arm, and walked decoasod insido. A geutloraun namod Rochoford, who lives iu ono of prisonor's housos, was looking out of bis window, also two ladios look ing out of their windows. About a quarter of an hour nftor docoasod wont insido tho polico oamo. Thoro had boon no firo in tho fireplace, for witness extinguished tho firo in the fireplace on Friday evening after gotting his brother and Bistor soma tea. (Witnoss wps soveroly oross- quoBtionod as to the truth of tbo above state ments, but he strongly adhered to thorn as the _fruth.) Since the firo, and after tho police went away that morning, prisoner told witness not to toll tho truth. Prisonor took him behind tho kitchen door, snt down on a stool, and Baid, "You tell thom, if thoy ask you, that you were in bed; and say that I called you down to get a buckot of water, and that 1 got tho biaukots aud put them round hor." That was tho samo morning alter tho soeond visit of tho polico. .Prisoner also said, "You toll a lio, and I will be all right." By Mr. Linklatcr: Witnoss told oonstublo Dignam what tho prisonor said to him, "You toll a lie and I will bo ail right," that samo morning, whon ho camo back after taking his father away. Dignam served witness with a subpeoua, and said witnoss must bo at tho Water Police Court on Saturday, and " mind you don't purjuro yoursolf." Deceased hud two brothers, ono at Campordown, and ono at Waterloo. Prisonor's father koops a grooor's shop, and his brother lives thore. Witness was cross-examined at groat length by Mr. Linklator, espooially as to deceased boing givon to habits of intemperance. In answer to a juror witnoss statod that prisoner, daring his quarrels with decoasod, had frequently told her, "I will bo your butcbor ; I will bo hung for you ; " and that prisoner was good-tempered whon sober. Ho was good to witness when sober, and bad to him whon drunk. The Hatfield Busrangers. — A correspondent of tho Heniliquin Chronicle supplies tho follow ing dosoription of tho Hatfield bushrangers : — Thomas Gorman, a jockey, colt- breaker, and stockman, is about twenty-one years ; tall, spare, and a dotorminod looking man ; hook noso, groy eyos, thin lips, sparo whiskers, no moustache. Evidently tho commanding spirit. Charlos Jonos, a stockman from Queensland ; short, thick-sot, bullet-headed, dark hair cropped short, and slight moustache; about twenty-one years, and a determined customer, with a groat amount of bravado. William Kayo, also a stockman, and almost a native of the district, which he knows intimately ; tall, slop built, fair complexion, no whiskors; about nineteen years. Tho fourth, William Hobbs, is not tho loast im portant of tho quartette. Ho wnS lately cook at tho Hatfield publio-bouse from whenco tbo gang commenced operations, and where their plans wero maturod. This accused is about tbirty-threo years, of stunted growth, and Blight porBon physique. Ho was formorly a sailor, and has bis right arm deformed (bowed inwards), as also his right log. He, however, seems to havo had muoh worldly exporienee, combined with some mental capacity, and can well be supposed to havo been not tho least useful of his party, in spite of his inability to ride well. Robubries by a well-known Cricketer.— a Melbourne telegram to tho Evening News, dated Saturday last, states that tho well-known and rising young orioketor, MoOriramon, a membor of tho Melbourne Cricket Club, has been deteotod in stoaling monoy from the clothoB of members loft in tho pavillion, while thoy woro out in tho field. A numbor of thefts of moneys and jewellery havo lately taken placo in tbo pavillion and rooms attached, aud a detcotivo officer set a trap for and watohed McOrimmon, Ho soon afterwards saw him tako some coin, whioh had been specially marked, from somo clothos. On boing accasod of tho crimo, McOimmon at onco admittod his guilt, and also acknowledged to hav ing stolon a ring, valuod at £35. IIo said ho had givon it to a woman of tho town, with whom ho was acquainted, and the ring has boon rocovored. Tho affair has croatod a profound sensation, as the young man is moBt 'respectably connoctod, and had passed two Univorsity examinations in oivii engineering. Ho is still a pnpil of tho Scotch College. Efforts will bo mado to got him off with a light sontonco, on account of his youth and his ontanglemout with a designing woman. Highway Robbery near Goulburn.— Tho fol lowing case has boon roportod to tbo police:— About half-past three o'olook on Thursday after noon Mr. W. R. Wilkins, druggist, of Crookwell, startod from home on horseback, having in hie purse £80 in notes— some tons, somo (ivos, and the remainder in ones. About six o'clock, when within about eight miles of Goulburn, he turnod off' the road on to a bridle traok, which runs for about throe hundred yards through tho bush, to cut off au anglo, and wbilo going along this traok ho was stopped by two men, ono of whom (the taller) presented a revolver and domandod his money or his lifo. Mr. Wilkins said he had no money, on which tho man pulled him off his horse, searched his pookots, and secured his purse with its contents. He pulled a ring off Mr. WilkinB'a finger, and thoy then lot him go, threatening that if ho mentioned the matter to anyono they would havo his lifo. Wilkins came on to Goulburn and reported the matter to the police, and oarly noxt morning returned home. The police, accompanied by u black trackor, have gone in soarch of tho robbers. One of these is described as boing young, and about six .foot high ; the other older and shorter. Both were drossed in dark clothes, and had their facos, and also their beards, whiskers, and hair, dyed or blnckeued. They had horsoB tied to a troo olose by. Tho notes wero not marked, and oannot be identified. Tho ring was a gold signet riDg with a white stone. Thoro is a branch of tho Bonk of New South WaloB at Crookwoll ; but Mr. Wilkins states that ho has novor had a banking account, that he has frequently brought in monoy to Goulburn bofore, and that he did not dream of thoro boing any danger in doing so. — Herald. Insult to tub Legislative Assembly. — Tho Evening News thus dosoribos the soeno in the Legislative Assombly last Thursday, and which was referred to in our telogram in Friday's issuo : — A gross insult wasoffered to the Legis lative Assombly yesterday afternoon, whioh crentod an unanimous fooling of indignation in tho IIouso, anil oaused somo interruption to the proceedings. Mr. Copoland had moved the adjournment of the House to oall attention to tho question of contraotB for the Bupply of rationB ' to tho various Government institutions. A 1 dobato on tho subject followed. Mr. McElbone addressed tbo House, aud forcibly criticised tbo practice rosortod to by cortain contractors in tondoring at a ridiculously low rate for goods and artiolos that were not muoh wanted, and at exorbitant ratos for artioleB in frequent use. He 1 assortod that Government offioialB must bo in > leaguo with the tenderers to enable them to i know tho goods that were likoly to be required in quantity, and those thnt woro not likoly to bo j onlorod. lie was roforring to tho quality and j prico of moat obtained by tho Govarninent con- i tractor at tho abattoirs, whon Mr. Cbarlos Kidman, who occupiod a sont in tho strangers' gullory, noar the door, called out in a loud voico, " It's n lie!" The words woro distinctly hoard . all through tho chamber, and, as may bo sup- posod, thoy croatod considerable surpriso. Mr. McElhono cullod tbo ottontion of tho Spoakor to tho circumstance, at tho samo timo mentioning that Mr. Kidman was tho nggrossor. Ho thon resumed his spooch. Whilo ho was speaking, ono of tho messongors romoved Mr. Kidman from tho gullory, by ordor of the Spoakor. As ho was lonviug, Mr. Kidman turnod round and reponted tbo insult, "It's a lio!" Immediately Mr. McElhono finished his spooch, tho Promier, Sir Henry Purkos, roso, nnd drow attontion to tho circumstance, nraidst choors from all parts of tho House. lie asked tho Speakor what courso should bo tokon to punish this person for tho outrage he had committed. Tho Spoaker said tho only powor ho had was to ordor tbo expulsion of tho ofl'ondor, nnd that powor ho hod oxorcisod. IIo thought, however, somo courso might bo taken to bring tbo porson boforo tbo proper authorities. Perhaps tho Attornoy- Gouoral might bo authorised to toko action. Tho Promier then prepared and submitted tho following motion, which, after adobate, in which sovoral mombors took part, wns unanimously agroed to:— "That tho Attornoy-Gonoral bo in- struotod to tako proceedings against Cbarles Kid man for tbo outrage committod by bim in tho Legis lative Chamber this day by exclaiming in the midst of the deliberations of tbo said Assombly, 'It's a lie.'" During tbo dobato, gonoral indignation was oxprossod that any individual Bhould doro to put such an insult upon tho dignity of the Houso, and a desiro was unanimously ontor- tainod that tho offender should ho promptly and sufficiently punished, in order that tho IIoubo might bo vindicated from such an outrage ; but somo mombors thought that Mr, Kidmun could only bo puuishod by a polico court prosecution, and that it would be undig nified for tbo Legislature of tho country to havo rocourso to such an agoncy for tho vindication of its honour. Othors urgod that it waB advisable for tho Attornoy-Gonoral to ascertain the proper mode of dealing with tho ofi'onco, and it was with that view tho motion was passed. The inoident was frcqnontly citod during tho debate as an instance of tbo necessity for the Parliament to bo clothed with tho uocossary powers to protect itself from iusults and breaches of priviloge, and the House was reminded that tho caso could havo boon mot if the Assembly had acoopted tho amendments made by the Oounoil in the Privi leges Bill. The unpleasant subject droppod with tho passing of tho resolution, and tho ordinary business was proooeded with. It is proposed to ask Miss Kate Kelly, "Nod's" sister, to beoomo a barmaid in Mel bourne. Tbo homostoad of Milman Peterson, at Gumbo- roona, Albury district has boon entirely doBtroyod by firo. Tho Lord Mayor of Dublin intonds visiting Melbourne during tho International Exhibition to be hold thore noxt yoar. Sir Jamos Martin, Chief Justico, acting on medical advice, has applied for eix months loavo of absonso torooruit bis broken health. A Chinaman, cashier in the establishment of Sun Quong Tyo, at Young, last Friday com mitted suicide. No reason has been assignod for tho act. According to one trial survey the projected railway to Cooma will run through Mr. 0. A. Massy's grouudat Gundaroo, pussing within a fow foot of his new residence. We notioo by the Auckland News of the 1st in stant, that Mr. and Mrs. Cottroll, of Yass, woro on the 23rd ult. staying at tho Hot Springs Hotol, Waiworo, Now Zealand. At Morodith, Victoria, a saddler namod William Purooll has boon shot dead by a road labourer namod Dawson, who was joulous of the intimaoy which Purcoll had with his wifo. At a mooting hold in Gunning last Thursday evoning, it was determined to establish a lodgo in connoction with tho Grand Unitod Order of Oddfellows, tho name to bo "Tho Star of Gun ning." Mr. Stuart's store nt tho Snowball Copper Mine, near Gundagai, with all its contents, was totally destroyed by firo lost Tuosday night. It is reported to bo fully insured for tho sum of £1450. In tho Invoreil district this yoar's wheat crops will average in many casoB forty bushels per aero, but thero is no outlet for the produce, and many of tho farmers are trying to soli their homesteads to avort ruin. The Independent publishes a tabular statement showing that the exponditnro by Kiama and Jaraboroo for alcoholio drink during 1878 amounted to £6939 16s. 6d., while only £5732 Is. 6d. was expended for wheat and flour during the samo period. Tho Colonial Secretary (Sir II. Porkes) has in timated that tho Cabinet tins decidod to make provision on tho Estimates for the payment of an ondowraont to all oonntry municipalities at the rate of pound for pound on last yoar's collected rates. Owing to tho illnoss of Sir James Martin and the fact of Judgo Hargravo having received loavo of absence from his dntios, it is stated that the Government intend at once to appoint a fifth judgo as wall as two acting jodgos for tho op- proaobing cirouit work. Mossrs. John Fairfax and Sons, proprietors of the 8. M, Herald, offer a premium of ono hundred guineas for the best original poem to celebrate the opening of tho International Exhibition. The competition is opon to all tbo world, and will close on the 31st July noxt. A young man namod Tibbots, an engineer by trado, foil down doad at Adolong last Saturday rooming, when about to procood to his work, lie had been dancing at a party overnight. Ho was shortly to havo boon married. It is sup posed that he died from disoaso of tho heart. It is undorstcod that tho ovidonco taken before the Committoo of Elections and Qualifications sustains tho petition against tho oleotion of Mr. Rouse ; and it is oxpocted that the chairman of the committoe, Mr. R, B. Smith, will report to tho Assembly to that effect on Tuesday, Mr. D. Buchanan will therefore obtain tbo soat. Tbo prizo fight betwoen Foloy and Hioken is undorstood to bo definitely abandoned, and it is broadly stated that tho Foloy party novor intendod thnt ho should light, as the odds wore so greatly in fnvonr of Ilickon. Foley's party demand that tho amount of bets bo put togothor and divided according to tho ruleB of betting. The Colonial Tronsuror has informed the in habitants of Parramatta that tbo pbotogrophic artist of tho Government Printing Office has been instructed to tako viowB of the principal buildings and points of seonory in Parramutto, toward! a collection of pliotogrnphic views for the forthcoming International Exhibition. Queen Victoria may bo held personally liable for a shuro of tho Iobsqs of tho Glasgow Bank failure. A woman died rooontly in England who held a good doal of tho stock. Having no heirs, her proporty wont to the Crown, and now the bank's lawyors hold that the Queen is personally liablo, bo far as tiiat stock is concerned. A man named Charles Ilopsworth was found dead iujthe|bush at Brooklosby, near Albury, last Thursday. Tho body was identified by a lubouror named Richard Wronoh, who, after giving ovidonce at tho inquest, dropped dead. A verdict of doath from natural causes was ro turnod by the coroner's jury in both cases. Valodictory addresses of a qulogisbio character have boon udopted by tho Legislative Council nnd Legislative Assembly of New South Walos to his Excellonoy Sir Heroulos Robinson, on his approaching departure from the colony. In tho Council the address was adopted unanimously ; but in tho Assembly it was opposed by Mr. M'Elhone, who, with Mr. Terry, votad againBt a majority of forty-one on tho motion for tho adoption of the address. Tho coromony of administering tho oaths of I office to Sir Alfred Stephen, K.C.M G , C.B., Lioutonnnt-Govonior of Now South Wules, on bis assuming tho Govornmont, upon tho da- pnrturo of his Excolloncy Sir Hercules Georgo Robert Robinson, will tako place at Government IIouso, und or tho usual salute nnd military honours, at noon on Thursday, the 20th instant, Roforring to a telogram from Quoaubcyan, which appeared in our last Tuosduy's issue, tho Evening News states — Wo aro assured that tho Deputy Controller of Prisons noithor lont nor obtained monoy for tho warder Floming, nor was ho nworo what intorost wos poid for it. Tho officer wns porsundod, boing without moans, to give on order upon his salary, nnd nt his roquost a cortnin amount was doductod periodically thorofrora, and poid to tho porson from whom ho obtained tho monoy. IIoli.oway's Ointment and Pills.— Old Sores, Wounds, nnd Ulcers. — Tho readiness with which Ilollowny's unguonb removes nil obstructions in tbo circulation of tho rossels and lymphatics explains thoir irrosistiblo influonco in healing old sores, bnd wounds, and indolont ulcers. To insure tho dosirod offoct the skin surrounding the disonsod part should bo fomentod, driod, and immediately well rubbed with tho ointmont. This will givo purity to the foul blood and Btrangth to tho weakened nerves, the only con ditions necoBsnry for the euro of all thoso hideous ulcerations which rendor lifo almost intolerable. No soonor is this ointment's protective powor cxertod, than tho deBtruotivo process ceases, and tbo conBtructivo business begins. New hoalthy growths appear to fill up tho latoly pain ful excavated pit. The GnEAT Alpine Rejibdy.— No sensible medical man questions tho propriety. of giving a. stimulant in ensos whoro tbo stomach is torpid, the nervoB rolaxod, tho circulation languid, or thoro is gonoral doficioncy of vital powor in tho system. Tho grand object under such circum stances is to eoloct a romody whioh will not only impart activity to tho sluggish animal fanctions, but permauont tono, vigour, and regularity to tho organs which porform them. The colo- bratod Swiss cordial, known as tho "Dow of the Alps," has, for nearly fivo hundred years, fulfilled this object in tho mountain region from which it doriros its namo ; and wo are glad to soo that through tho instrumentality of Mossrs. M. Moss and Co, it has boon placod in this raorkot. In no part of tho world is such a preparation moro required. Although medicinal in its offeets, it is in flavour ono of tho most dolicate of aromatic liqueurs. Swipt as the Flight op an Arrow proji a well-struno Bow, and ob snro ef its mark as it is, whon aimed by an export band, is the direct o fleet nttainod in casos of gravel, oaloali, stone of the bladder and kidnoys (often ontailing as thoy do chronic inflammation of thoso organs, with dropsy, general debility, and not uufre- quently emaciation), by Udolpho Wolfe's Schie dam Aromatic Schnapps, tho most celebrated diuretic, tonic, and Btimulant of this or any other age. " Berkeley, Sept., 1869.— Gentlemen, — 1 fool it a duty I owo to you to express my gratitude for tho groat bonofit I have derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Boll, Berkeley, for tho abovenamod Pills, for wind in tho stomach, from whioh I sufforod excruciating pain for a length of timo, having tried nearly ovory romody proscribed, but without deriving any bonofit at all. Aftor taking two bottlos of your valuablo Pills I wns quito rostorod to my usual stato of health. Please givo this publicity for tho bonofit of those who may. bo thus nflliotod. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henry Allpass.— To tbo Proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." 