NORTHERN GOURSINLi CLUB. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) (from OUR own CORRl'.SPOKDF.NT.) Ruxn'T.uede, Monday eveniti ;. The first meeting of the season, held under the auspices of the above club, will eom.-nencn 011 Wednesday morning in Mr. Moffat-t'a well paddock. The first brace of dogs to be iu the slips at 9 o'clock sharp. The draw took place last night with the following results:— NORTHERN* STAKES. Aaron agBt Gamebird. C.itchem agst Toxopholite. Diggora agst Honeymoon. Flora agst Vanish. BUUNKWANO. TUPPY STAKES. Marchioness agst Soho. Cashmere agsc Lusivnia. Fairy agst Willoughby. Father Tom agst Cock of the North. Beau Ideal a bye. The Weather.—Yesterday morning .the weather opened cold and cloudy, with a south west wind blowing, and fears were entertained that the festivities _ would bo marred by rain, but fortunately as the day wore on the sky cleared and the sun shone out brightly, so that the day was in every respect all that could I be desired, as' it was neither too hot nor too cold. After sunset the temperature was rather chilly, but not unpleasantly so, and the immense crowds which congregated in the Camp Reserve and in tiie streets enjoyed the amuse ments provided for them without inconvenience. The Lockup.—Messrs. Edwards and Perry, Js.P., attended at the lockup yesterday, and dealt with the fresh cases on the charge list. The day being a pnblic holiday, the police court was not held. No fewer than nine cases of drunkenness were dealt with ; eight of these were discharged, and one man was lined oh. or 24 hours' imprisonment. Edward Walters, for insulting behavior on Saturday night, was lined 10s. or three days' imprisonment. Philip Axon, for a similar offence in Market-square, was fined 20s., with an alternative of seven days in gaol. A man named William Bryant was remanded until the 17th instaut on a charge of having stolen a watch, together with some money, from William Cotton, of Long Gully, on the 11th instant. Constable Hayes stated that when he arrested the prisoner he recovered some of the stolen property. There was uo other business to dispose of. Found Drowned.—It was reported to the coroner yesterday, by Constable Corbett, of Raywood, ' that the dead body of a woman named Margaret Irwin had been found in Myers Creek, near Wilson's station, Yarraberb, The constable had the body removed to Ingleby's Hotel, Sebastian, and an inquest will be held there by Mr. Strickland at -three o'clock this afternoon. D'Aect Read's Giiost.—This extraordinary entertainment was repeated last evening to a house crowded with country visitors. The pieces selected for the occasion were " Faust and Marguerite,-' "A Parsee in Search of His Wife,"and " The Haunted House," all of which were received with genuine approbation. " T'le Haunted House" was particularly enjoyed, the laughter being at times so great that Mr. Read could hardly proceed. The Ghost is now being exhibited at million prices, auer having run for four consecutive weeks. Considerable praise is due' to the business manager (Mr. Medcalfe) for the tact 3hown by him in working the outside arrangements for so long a run, at a compara tively dull time. Meeting This Day.—South Virginia, Com mercial Hotel, Eaglehawk, 7. 