The Storyteller. THE THREE SURVIVORS, OB, John Grindle's Nephew. . A STORY OF SHIP AND SHORE. Chapter XVI. A DISAGREEABLE VISITOR. The hour was near midnight, aid everybody was asleep iu tbe palatini residence of John Griudle, on. Fifth Avenue, New York — or supposed to be asleep — when the silence was suddenly brokken by the most startling cries and shouts, proceeding from one of the chambers ou the second floor. The author of this uproar \v:ts the merchant's youngest son, Roland Grindle, a callow youih of some eighteen years. ' If there isn't that boy again !' exclaimed Mrs Grindle, starting up in the tod and rubbing her eyes, while sli 1 shook the merchant violently. ?' He's having another of his spells.'' Leaping fro n th'-ir bed, the couple struck a match and hurried iu the direction of the son's department which they reached in due course, while tbe uproar continued, and hastily opened tbe door. ' Millicent, do look here !' cried the merchant, waving aloft his light, -'Isn't that a spectacle ?' In the centre of the room stood Rowland Grindle, with glaring eyes and terrified mi n, clutching a pillow in one hand and a boot in the other, and in the act of waging the most desperate war upon — -whnt ? Nothing whatever visible. Sobtisy was. Rowland with h's offensive and defensive measures, and with his consequent gyrations and other gymnastic exercises, that ha did not at first seem to recognize his parents, but to deem them a part and parcel of a nightmare, for he bid made a lively dash at them as if intent on their instant destructon. ' Stop, boy t stop !' yelled the mer chant, changing his base with surprising celerity. ' Don't come at me in that fashion I What on earth ails you 1 Don't you know your own father and mother I The voice of the merchant seemed to dissipate the spell. The boy dropped the boot, threw the pillow upon the bed in one corner, and rubbed his eyes vigorously. ' There's a man in the house !' ho shouted, still glaring around sharply, although be seemed to recognise the merchant and Mrs. Grindle perfectly. ' I saw him slip put of the orchard and creep up under the window. He came up the ladder — raised the window — crept to the bed — ' The youth was obliged to suspend revelations and recover breath a little. ' Nonsense !' exclaimed the merchant. 'There has been no man h»re. You have been dreaming n-?ain, or had a fit — Heaven knows what !' Mrs. Grindle stood looking around, silently wringing her hands. 'But I tell you I saw liim !' protested Roland, still a picture of bewilderment and agitation. ' He came in the win dow ! He meant to kill me ! I had all I could do to .prevent him from running his knife thrjugh me! Why, see for yourself 1' The youth struck a tragic air, wiping a streak of blood from one of his cheeks, aud pointed twice rapidly, first at the window, and then at the mirror. Here was, indeed, evidence of a Ravage and destructive presence. ? Both the j window and tbe m rror bad-been dashed in pieces, and the fragments strewed the floor. Th« sarcastic smile of the merchant waB even more an expression of his amusement than of his astobishinent. ? '?True, there has be n a great battle . going on here, young man,'' he declared. I as. he held up his light to the glassless frame; ' but yon've liail it nil t - your self. You've been dreaini 'g. Here are tbe' marks of your boot-heels on the frame, and yon bit ho hard that you have even pounded the heel off your boot. See for yourself.' ' It — it can't be possible 1' he stam mered. 'See for yourself, I say,11 returned the merchant, waving his light. '? But I saw the man as plain as I see yon at this moineuS, father,' protested Roland earnestly. 'And I was just as wide awake as I am now, or as I ever was in my life.' 'It's -easy to see who did this mis chief,' said the merchant, becoming serious again, as he examined the ruins. 'Besides, it has been only three or four nights since you had just Biich a fight as ibis.', The son was naturally overwhelmed with further confusion by these observa tions. Mrs. Grindle sigiied deeply, continu ing to wring her hands. ' I must say, Roland, that I think we have had about enough of this midnight revelry,' pursued the merchant. ' It is high time to do something about it. Re main here witb hiui, Millicent. I am going for the doctor. ' The merchant lost no time in dressing himself and in acting upon his resolu tion. Teft minutes later he came back to the chamber, followed by his family physician. 'Such are the exact facts, Dr. Gray,' assured the merchant finishiug the re port with Which he had beguiled the way, ' and here are the evidences.' Dr. Gray felt Roland's pulse, looked at his complexion, and then dropped into the nearest chair. 'Isn't this the young man who graduated with such high honors a few weeks ago ?' heaskel. ' The youth who took the very foremost place in every thing — arithmetic, history, geography, algebra, Latin, French, and German ?' ' The very boy !' replied the merchant, proudly. ' Well, the simple fact in his case K that he has been over worked, over studied, and under exercised,' declared the physician, with a blu- tness partaking of impatience. ' He's in a fair way to become crazier than bedlam ! I thought you had more sense, Mr. Grindle, than :to allow tho lads brains to run away with his body ! Can't you seo for your selves what ails him? He's as thin as a ghost, and his blood's nothing but water. Books have well nigh been his destruction. Can't you see that his whole nervous system is over wrought ! He's as much out of his proper telf at this moment as if he were suffering with delirium tremens ! I never saw a boy of his age and of his natural stamina in such poor condition. What have you both been about during the last few mouths? Where have your eyeB been ? Hut. 1 comprehend the whole matter. The boy's success at school, and the talk he has m -de, have puffed you up witb pride, and you lia^e paid little heed tj what his triumphs has cost. What have you been about, Roland, tinpe you graduated 1'. . , I have been clerking a little in tho store ' .' Worse and. worse,' inteirupted Dr. Gray, arising and buttoning his coat. 'The boy's situation is critical, Mr. Grindle. I shall leave him no medicine, for he wants no druje whatever. What he does need can be briefly stated. He wants plenty of exercise out of doors, . plenty of .sunshine', plenty of good beef and bread 1 Don't let him touch a book, or even a : newspaper, for two years. Better still let hi'1 take a long sea voyage, Let Mm go to Europe or — ? ? f China. You have always had plenty o seafaring friends, Mr. Grindle, and can send the young man to sea with the best care and surroundings. This is the only way io which you can get that ' man in the house' out of his head ; the only way, I assure you on ray professional honor, in whieh you cao save him from death or madness !' Aud with this the blunt old physician ?departed as abruptly as he had come, lenving a perfect blankness of consteru htion behind him. For several minutes Dot a word was spoken, Rowland Grindle had slunk off to )-ed. Mrs. Grindle sat silent and thoughtful, still mechanically wringing her hands. Tho merchant was pacing wearily to and fro, \vi ii a look of the deepest unquiet upon his features. ' The thought is freezing my soul, John,' finally murmured Mrs. Grindle, ' that we have made a great mistake in almost everything, and especially in bringing up our children. What is now left of all the hopes with which we saw them clustering aronnd us? Our eldest, our first-born, wbo beard your name — ' ' Name him not, the rascal, tlie worth less villain !' interrupted the merchant hotly. ' We shall have no more trouble with him. We know now tnat he took passage in the Messenger, under the name of Baker, after his defalcations and other infamities, and that is the end of him. The brig has never leen seen or re ported j she has no doubt gone to the bottom.' ' And yet you once had great hopes of the son you are now cursing,' said Mrsi Gripdle. ' 'We looked to him as the one great joy of pur existence.' ' Well, is it any fault of min? that lie has turned out bad!' demanded tbs merchant', savagely. 'Was it my fault that he dishonored our name?' ' I tear it was, John,' answered Mrs. Grindle, with humble boldues3. 'The boy must have seen that you were a living falsehood, aud his perceptions, not only of right, but of retribution, must have become blunted by your example. As to our daughter, you not only refused her the man of choice, but you ruined that man and drove him to an insane asvlnm. and she sleens in her prave. To crown all the tragedies of our house hold, Roland is on the verge of madness — and so am I. Oh, John! a curse is surely resting upon us!' 'Nonsense, Millicent! Don't bo foolish ! Trouble comes to everybody — ' ' But I cannot help thinking of all the line of victims that crowd our pathway,' proceeded Mrs. Grindle, in a hollow and agonized voice. ' At this dark hour, I cannot help remembering poor Capt. Tobias, whom you so crnelly thrust forth to die upon a deBert island, seizing his money !' ' In heaven's name, Millicent — ' 'I fear it is too late to invoke the name of Heaven, John,' resumed Mrs. Grindle, rocking her l?an and angular body to and fro. ' I remember your sister Mary, and her husband, who went down into poverty and suffering to .the grave, when the sacrifice of a very small portion of your accumulations — I will uot say of your wealth — would have doubtless saved them. I think especially of their hoy, of i heir only son, Albert Graham, who applied to yon for a place to earn an honest living, and -whom you rejected. Even, then there might have been a return for our errors. Even then the curse that rests upon us might have been averted.. But now — now, John, I fear it is too late I' 'To what use is all this reference ? to the. past, Millicent ?' asked John Grindle, pale and agitated, as he quickened his pace. ' Granted that I have made mistakes— and. no mm c^n pretend to perfection — of what earthly use 7s it to sit down here and how) about what happened so long ago ? Granted that I have been harsh and cruel, too i tf.ger to obtain money, too much I ound up' in my business projects ; have any ' of the men around os been living the Jjyes of saints ? Let us be reasonable, Millicent. It is sheer insanity for you to be di$,repsing yourself about Capt. Tobias aiil all thoae oTh'er phantoms of ihe pasti'iwhieh, Of i course, you only comprehend very, imperfectly. I am not so bad as you are- sometimes inclined to paint |iie iiuyour moments of [doom and dejection. LBtTiatalk particularly about tho * trouble in hand. 'What are we to do with Roland ? ?' '? He must, of courso,. have the change of air and scene recommrnd-il by Dr. Gray,' said Mrs. Grindle. 'And yet I shrink from-sendiug-hitii-t-o-seii, .mid she shuddered. ' Something tells, me that the sea will yet visit a fateful retribution upon us.' 'The merchant muttered a curse of angry impatience, and tore his hands 6ercely through his, hair. ' You will certainly drive me distracted, Millicent 1' he cried. ' I'd sooner be a dog than 1 sten forever to ttie-e prognosti cation* of woe and disaster. It sesuis to me a very simple thing1 to send the boy off for a cruise with some sea-going friend.' ' Why couldn't we go with lviin 1 ' ' What I and leave my vast business to go to the dogs?' ' You will have to luavo it sooner or later. John. You seem to :ict us if you expected to live forever. And yet you are past sixty 1' ' Well, what of it ?' and the merchant expanded his chest proudly, drawing a long breath. ' I feel as young as ever, nhd am good for twenty years, at least. Besides, just now is harvest time with me. During the next few years I shall reap the grand harvest I have sown ! ' The words were yet echoing in the apartment, when there came a sharp ring at the door bell, the effect of which upon the nervs of the husband and wife was all the more startling on account of the lateness of the hour and the gloomy, tenor of tlieir conversation. 'Who can it be?-' murmured .Mrs. Grindle. ' The doctor, doubtless !' ejaculated Grindle, raising a light. ' He may have forgotten his spectacles. Or he may. have thought of some further important suggestion to make about Roland. At any rate — ' He-took his way to the front door, just as the ring was-repeated. ' They of. course see that we are stiil up,' mused Grindle. ' Aud, of cou ae, rip thief would dare to come in this open manner.' ' He hastened to open the door a few inches, without removing the stout ch .in with' which it was provided. ' What is wanted !' he asked, Rruffly, of the silent figures upon the steps. ' Here's a line from Dr. Gt.ay,' re plied one of the two men, handing the merchant a letter. 11 After you have read it, we wi.l expect you to admit us.' The merchant eloped tho door, and hastened to tlance at, the missive. ' You had better see these men,' it said, in the well-knpwn handwriting of Dr. Gray. ' It can do you no harm .to hear what they have to .say, and a talir with them may spare you much scandal and annoyance.' * Mr. Grindle echoed the last three words while a sudden pallor overspread his features. ' Who can they be ?' he asked him self. ' And what can be their busi ness A-mometl' he -hesitated. Then ,ho opened the,, door. 'Walk jti, gentlemen he invited. 'The'two gentlemen complied.. ' Please; walk into the. parlor, gentle men,' .adfjed Grindle,- starting nervously as he iiot;ced that one .of his two visitors po sessed only one leg. . And having led the way into his gorgeously furnished parlor, tho merchant added, with a spasmodic gesture : (- Please.be seated ! The two men inclined themselves, and the younger and suiallor of the two dropped into a seat, ' You, of course, 4° not remember me, Mr. Grindle,'' said the gentleman with one le;*, as he proceeded to unmuffle him self. ' I am Ckpt. William Tobias — or at least what is left of him !' (To lie continued). 'Do yon see tbifc Deat little cusp there 3' asked -a Western mau of u r.'riit'po'. 'Well, he's tbe pharmaceutist ol ilnf.p p-irts, and that rough old ohap near Ivy iiim is the cutest farmer I' 