HOME NEWS. Lord Blackford's motion in the House of Lords, censuring the Government in connec tion with the Zulu war, as was anticipated, resulted ill a Ministerial victory, the motion being rejected by a majority of ninety five votes. A lengthy debate, we hear, took place, during which one or two matters of great importance were explained by Lord lieaconsfield. He declared that the policy of the Imperial Government with regard to South Africa, had solely in view the confedex-ation of the several and did not contemplate any fresh annexa tion of territory. Sir Bartle Frere. the Governor and High Commissioner, Lord Beaconsfield considers to be the " right man in the right place/'" although his Excellency's action in assuming supreme power at tho declaration of war had been blamed by the Government. From the latter sentence we may infer that the Governor-General assumed a policy totally opposed to that of the Govern ment at home, as his ultimatum to King Cetewayo was a peremptory demand for the cession of territory, and the declaration of war which ensued was probably made with out the concurrence of the Imperial Govern ment. The vote of censure in the House of Commons will, without doubt, bs also negatived, and indeed, from the present aspect of affairs, the position of the Govern ment appears to be impregnable. Her Majesty the Queen, we find, has taken her departure for Italy, where she proposes to reside for several months, and certainly such a course would not be iaken while .Parlia ment was in session, if the least doubt was entertained of an adverse vote against the Ministry being carried in the House of Commons. The parliamentary business, most interesting to Victorians during the. ensuing week, will be the motion of Mr. Arthur Mills, for the production of papers connected with the Victorian deadlock, and the debate that will most probably ensue. On Tuesday next the motion will come on for discussion, and it will be interesting to hear the opinions of the various statesmen— Liberals as well as Conservatives—on the enabling question, In England, although trade is slack, and the destitution of the working classes is said to be very great, money is certainly most abundant. The Queensland 4 per cent, loan was taken up, double tho amount placed on the market being tendered for, and at prices considerably in excess of the reserve. Consols also, which may be looked on as a kind of political barometer, have an upward tendency, being now quoted at 9Gj. The negotiations for a definite peace between Yakoob Khan and the Govern ment of Lord Lytton are going on, although some desultory fighting had taken place between Brigadier-General Tytier's division and a large forceof a semi-independent border tribe, in which the latter suffered severely. In Eastern Europe matters are not progress ing as agreeably as could be desired, as we rind the Turks and Greeks are ready to fly at each others' throats, and if the two races are left to fight the dispute out amongst themselves, victory no doubt will lean to the side of the Osmanlis. It is a pity the boundaries in Thessaly cannot be settled on some approved basis, but the proba bility is that the Greeks are encouraged to urge claims the Turks could not with honor sanction in order to create an excuse for the continued occupation of the Balkan passes by the Czar's army. We hear also that the majority of the commissioners of the great powers appointed to administer the financial affairs of Roumelia have been com pelled to give up their task in consequence of the excitement of the population of the province, and the strong opposition to the presence of Russian officials. Supplement.—A supplement is published with this morning's issue. Tilt: AcF.N'T-GK n" E r. ai.s I n ?.—There may yet arise a necessity tor some alterations in the arrangements made respecting Sir A. Mieiiie's successor as Agent-General in Lindon for Vic toria. The Hon. H. 0. E. Childers lias been temporarily appointed to 'the position by the Government, but, according to a London tele gram Which we publish" this morning, his acceptance or non- acceptance of the post will be decided by the report of the select committee of the House o£ Commons now considering the question whether Sir Bryan O'Loghieu can legally retain the seat for Clare. Autumn" Show.—The Autumn Show of the County of Bendigo Agricultural Society was opened yesterday, and everything considered the show may.be classed as moderately success ful. During the day about 2,000 people visited the ground. There was a splendid exhibition of fruit, 'the grapea exhibited being probably the beat, both tor quantity and quality, "ever seen in '.the district. A report of yesterday's proceedings will be found elsewhere. The show will bo continued to-day. Is was- Loan.—There is a great demaud at present. in the \vav of loans upon th<' ivsonive^ of F.ngli--h capitalist.'!. Prom our oculograms hum that ill ilie H<i;iso of Commons the Under Secretary of State tor India ha? made tormal application for lea\e to introduce a hill autlio risinji an ludian loan of £10,000,000, to be raised in England. The Avxihan War.—A cablegram from Bombay convoys tile intelligence, 011 the authority of a moraine; paper, that the peace negotiations between "the British Government aud the recently-appointed Ameer of Afghanis tan have resulted unsuccessfully, and that the British troops have been ordered to at once march upon Calm], The Zt i.t- War.—A motion of which pre vious notice hail been given lias been introduced by Sir Charles Dilke in the English House of Commons censuring the Government for its policy ill connection with the Zulu war. After some discussion the further debate on tins motion was adjourned. Tiu: South Australian Hakvksi-.—An Adelaide telegram, which wo publish this morn ing, states that the South Australian agricul tural statistics of the late harvest have been published. The average yield was 7 bushels '.1 lbs. per acre, and the total amount available for export, after making provision for home eon sumption, is 178,000 tons. Goods Wauoons.— We notice from our Mel bourne correspondent's letter that, the tender of .Messrs. A. Harkuess and Co., fouudrymen, of Sandhurst, has been conditionally accepted by tlit? Railway Department fer the manufac ture of 39 goods waguons. The amount of the tender is .til,337 10s." Thf. Exhibition.—The exhibition was very well attended again yesterday during the whole time it was opened, ami tile receipts tor admis sion. exclusive of the amount received for season tickets, was i'45 Ss, Gd. In the -supplement we publish this morning many of the - exhibits not previously noticed ivill be found re ferred to, but there are besides many others yet remaining to be dealt with. The working models of the locomotive and traction engines excited a considerable amount of attention vesterday, and the visitors evinced the greatest satisfaction at the character of the exhibition as a whole. We may mention that it will be necessary for persons desiring extra copies of to- day's issue to make early application. On Thursday last our account of tile opening was published; when we Were obliged to issue a second edition, and although a large mini ber of additional papers were then printed, several late applicants were disappointed. The ex hibition will be open to-day during the usual hours. Easter Fair, 1S79. — A meeting of the Executive Committee was held last night at the office in the Camp Reserve. The oiler of Professor Prescott, for a good supply of lire works on two nights of the Carnival, was accepted. Several letters were received from local amateurs and professionals, promising to assist in giving performances gratuitously, and from persons willing to assist in erecting buildings. The letters wore received with thanks. Mr. Bayue reported that lie had re ceived donation); consisting of three prize cheeses each, from Messrs. Burke and O'Keefe, and one guinea from Mr. C. Yeo. It was re solved that .111 advertisement be inserted, calling for applications from persons competent to act as collector, and that the committee be empowered to deal with the matter. It was agreed that tenders be called for laying 011 gas and fencing, tenders to be dealt with by the Ground Committee. Ax KMtiAiiKAs«N't; Situation'. — During the early part of this week, a commercial traveller took up his quarters at a well known hostlery in this city, and the house being exceedingly crowded, the landlady kimlly gave up her bed room to accommodate him. The next day the bagman had occasion to go to a town at some distance from Sandhurst, and was detained during the night. The landlady, finding that her guest had not returned at the hour for closing for the night, retired to rest in her own bed as usual. On the following day the travel ler returned to Sandhurst, and having only half an hour to spare wherein to catch the train for Melbourne, he rushed up into his former bedrosm, in blissful ignorance j of the fact that the landlady had slept there during the previous night, hurriedly bundled his etceteras, including what lie thought was his night-shirr, into a carpet-bag, and made for the railway station to catch the train. O11 arrival in Melbourne, and returning to the wife of his bosom, the, as was her usual custom, emptied the bag of its contents, ami the scene which followed when, from the heteiogeueous articles it had contained, his wife extracted an article of ladies' apparel worn only o:» ci>rtjxiu occasions, may be better imagined than described. ^ time and trouble on the part ot the unfortunate husband to set matters right. Jordan's IJock Drill.—The patent hand power drill of Mr. Jordan will bo subjected to a public trial in the Exhibition-yard at half-past three o'clock this afternoon. Mining managers and others interested are specially invited by advertisement to witness the trial. During the past few days the drill has been in motion at the exhibition, and the work it performed has been very satisfactory. It was fixed over a large block of granite and bored holes as follows : —7J inches in 7.} minutes ; 5 inches in 4 minutes; inches i:i !) minutes ; 3.} inches in oi minutes; and S inches in 54 minutes. This latter trial was with an ordinary drill used for handwork. In the other trials a special description of drill was used with a wavy point, but -is the steel was not properly tempered the drills were soon blunted. Skatinc. Rink. —The skating rink situated in Williamson-street, which atl'orded much pleasure to the lovers of the pastime last season, is to be re- opened 011 Wednesday next by Mr. Gerard Barry, the gentleman who formerly presided over the rink. The asphaltc floor has been considerably improved, and is now in very line condition for skating upon. It is intended to have musical performances each evening. Good skates will lie provided, ami there can lie little doubt that the rink will be well patronised. Land Tax Awkals.—The hearing of the appeal of Andrew O'lveefe before the Land Tax Court was finished 011 Thursday, and judgment was reserved. The appeal of Joseph ami John Raleigh, of Haywood, was then proceeded with, and was unfinished when the Court rose. Our Melbourne correspondent, writing last night, says:—" I11 the Land Tax Appeal Court to-day, judgment was given in the ease of Messrs. Kaleigh and Co., the owners of an estate of U),S17 acres, situated in the county of Bendigo, and placed by the Government valuators in the third class. The case was heard yesterday, and this morning the chairman of the commission announced that it had been decided to allow the appeal, and to reduce the estate from the third to the fourth class. The court then proceeded to the hearing of the appeal of the Hon. VV. Campbell, in respect of iiis estate of 21,215 acres, in the same county, and also valued as third class.-' Sale of Tow* Property.—Messrs. Holmes, White and Co., will sell hv public auction 011 Thursday, Stli April, on the premises late Macpherson and Co.'s sale yards, that valuable ' block consisting of 70ft. frontage to Charing Cross, and OGft. frontage to Bath Lane, by a depth of 2fl2 feet. Religious Camp Meeting,—The Primitive Methodist Church, Sandhurst, will hold its annual camp meeting in the lower Gimp Reserve, to-morrow (Sunday) morning, com mencing at halt-past ten o'clock, and iu the afternoon at two o'clock. A prayer meeting will be held in the Rowan-street Church, at half-past nine o'clock iu the evening. Australian Mutual Provides? Society.— There seems to be eager competition this year for the two vacant seats at the board of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. No less than six candidates have been nominated as may be seen by advertisement iu .mother cohinm. City Council.—The Mayor (Mr. D. C. Sterry), and Crs. Hayes, Aspinall, and Denovan, wefe present yesterday at the finance committee meeting of the City Council. The only business was the passing of the accounts, and on the account for the banquet to his Excellency the Governor being brought up, Cr. Aspinall objected to it, as he said the expenditure had not been properly authorised by the council. He took particular exception to an item for champagne supplied by the mayor to the fire men, who took part in tiie torchlight procession, and escorted the governor to the railway station. The other councillors, however, agreed to pass the account, and Cr. Aspiuali then intimated that they would hear about it again. This being all the business'the meeting terminated. The Two Virginias. —A correspondent writes as follows:—Tiie inhabitants of Ivigle'nawk are holding their breath for a while, prior to making great alterations iu business structures iu the model borough, on the strength of the two Virginias striking gold in depth. Tin energy displayed by these amalgamated com panies speaks well for the latest phase of colonial industry iu mining. A storekeeper in the neighborhood of the "two in one mine" has already had specifications drawn np by a competent architect ready to build a large brick building as 30011 as the rich reefs are struck— hourly expected. The 'machinery of both mines has lately been overhauled and put in good working order; ami the miners under the skilful management of Mr. Hooper are vigorously pros peering for the northern continuation of the Johnson's, Victoria, and .Catherine rich reet.-:. Volunteer Examinations.—It is notid>-d by advertisemont that, 011 1)10 29th and 30th May next, examinations for promotion iu the Ben digo Volunteer Rifles will be held at Sandhurst. Particulars are 'furnished by a Brigade order posted 111 the Orderly l!oom. The Oriental Bank.—A London teicgram in'the Art/us' dated 26th March, States:—The Oriental Bank Corporation' does not pay a dividend for the half- year, the reserve fund being Phk Diamond Drill.—An excellent (lay's bi.ring was ilono at the diamond drill yesterday, lli feet being drilled through blue slate country. | Tl'e Mtal depth of the bore hole is oS2 feet, aud tiie machine is now working very satisfactorily. t'oi"Kr|ARKANi;KMKNT.s.—The" County Court will be opened at ten o'clock a.m., ou Wed | uesday, tin: 2nd day of April, 1S79. Judgment summonses will be taken tirst, after which all nndeiended eases will be taken, and the list ol detended cases under £20 proceeded with. On L hursdav, ord April, the list of defended eases under £20 will he resumed, aud the list of de fended cases of £20 and upwards proceeded with. Jury eases will be taken ou .Monday, 7th April. Minini; XIkktixcs This Pay.—Bendigo and Meihonrue, Xeeson's, >1 a.m.; Christmas Reef, Jveesmi's. J 2 noon; White's Freehold United Tribute. Neeson'.s, 11.,"0 a.m. I'm; Y\ katiikk. — \eslerJay, the weather was moderately warm, but not unpleasantly so. 1 here wasvery little wind blowing; but, towards evening, iiie sky was overcast with light lleecy clouds. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Fall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., (>7!; noon. 80°; 3 p.m., So°; (5 p.m., 72'; maxi mum, Of; minimum, 5li°. Tile barometer at a.m. registered 2!)"500; G p.m., 29'420. Crrv Police Court.—The .Mayor (.Mr. D. C. Sterry) and .Mr. Vahlaud, J.P.," were on the bench at the City Police Court yesterdaj'. Wil liam Gibson was charged with having been un lawfully on the premises of J. Jones, Back Creek. The evidence showed that the prisoner had gained access to the house about half-past one o'clock yesterday morning. On an alarm being raised ho attempted to'escape, but was followed and captured, aud lodged in the lock up. lie was sentenced to six months' imprison ment, with hard labor. A number of parents were dealt with for not complying with the compulsory clause of the Education Act. Or ders were given for the amounts claimed, with .^s. costs, in each of the following cases J. H. Abbott v. J. Mathieson, 13s. 6d.; G. Blake v. T. Holm, £5 7s. lOd. Warden's Court.—Mr. Warden Webster presided at this court yesterday, and recom mended that the lease application of R. Sawers be forwarded to the Mining Department, sub ject to Daniel Fahey's tailings right. The only other business before the eonrt was the appli cation of Thomas Tonks and another tor a lease, which was also recommended, subject to the existing right of D. Fahey to tailings, and reserving the right of working alluvial under miner's right. Thanks.—The Superintendent of the Bene volent Asylum,_ with thanks, acknowledges, per Mr. J. G. Weddell, secretary, the admission of the children of the Sandhurst Industrial School to the Bendigo Agricultural and Horti cultural Society's Show. The Police" Court.—All the repairs to tho Town Hall will be completed by Saturday, the hall having been re-painted and thoroughly cleansed, the furniture repaired, and new mat ting laid upon the iloor, We have been re quested to state that on and after Monday next the usual sittiugs of the police court will again be held in this hall. ° New Magazine.—We have received per Mr. Souter. bookseller, of Hargreaves- street, a copy of the tirst issue of a new magazine published in London with the object of advocating "the acid Sitre" and " spinal system of treatment," by which special attention is given to tho brain and spine in the treatment .of disease, pure acetic acid being the agent used, The magazine is to be published at regular intervals if suffi cient inducement should ire offered. " U1)1'.R• ax 11 ■ 0vKl:."—At the Bendigo Agri cultural Show grounds, yesterday, a member of the class \vho frequent such gatherings with the object of lleecing the unwary, was pounced upon by Constable Burke in the act of playing an unlawful game, known as 1' nnder-and over," aud was taken to the lock-up. The man gave his name as G. Smith. He will bo brought up at the Police Court this morning. • Sudden Death.—A woman named Isabella Y\ arden died suddenly yesterday morning at her residence, Palmerston-street, Quarry Hill. Dr. Eadie had been attending her during the pu'st fortnight, but as the womau died unex pectedly he could not give a certificate as to the cause of death. The matter was reported to the coroner and an inquest was held last evening at dx o'clock at the Star and Garter Hotel. Isabella Y\ arden deposed that the deceased was her daughter. She was 23 years of age and un married. She had been attended for rheuma tism during the past three weeks. Dr. Eadie attended her on the morning of her death, which took place about half-an-honr after his departure. The deceased was accustomed to drink heavily. Dr. James Eadie stated that the deceased had been suffering from acute rheumatism- \\\ hun the -witness last saw the •Iweased he did not think the case was likely to terminate tatallv. Vectorday afternoon lie was set for, and upon arrival found the woman dead. He had made a posl-morttm examination o: the body and described the appearance of the ditlerent organs. The cause of death was syu cope from the sudden stoppage of the heart's action caused by excessive drinking, and accele rated possibly by rheumatic di.-ease. A verdict was returned iu accordance with the medical testimony. St. James's Hall.—The Variety Company again appeared last evening at the above hall to a very fair audience. The entertainment slightly varied from that of the preceding evening. On Monday evening a benefit will be tendered to Hnilj Hamo and Mdlle. Gracie, on which occasion a number of local amateurs will take part iu the performance. This evening the company will appear and give several new songs and dances. Fatal Accident at Eciiuca.— A telegram in another column from our Echuca correspondent informs us that a man named Balfour was acci dentally killed yesterday by falling, whilst in a tit, into the new dock. "Mr. Strickland left, last evening tor Echuca for the purpose of holding an inquest on the body. D Arcv 11 i-'AI)\s Ghost.—At the Masonic Hall hist evening the ghost eutertaiument was given for the last time but one, when the repre sentation of " Beauty and the Beaafc" was per formed for the second time. The performance throughout ran much smoother than on the previous night, and the songs aud dances which occur at intervals duriug tho piece were all meritorious efforts, and succeeded in gaining from the audience some considerable amount of ap plause. Miss Basset M'Douald was most be comingly attired as Beaut}', and well deserved the encores she received for her rendition of the well-known air, "Father, come home," and also the very pleasing song, " Come birdy, come." ilr3. Head sustained the character of Seoldiua very effectively, her song, " When it's his Sunday out " evidently taking the fauey of the audience. The other characters, whether substantial or spirit-wise, in all they had to do, both in the first representation aud in the after piece, performed their parts with ability and zeal. To-night is announced as the last on which this entertainment will be shown in Sandhurst. Siuce D'Arcy Read's Ghost has been exhibited in this city, we daresay, til ere arc few but who have availed themselves of the opportunity of witness ing this clever illusion, and the advice to those who have not seen it, not to lose the opportunity may perhaps apply to very few. The entertainment which is offered, however, in Beauty and the Beast may fairly claim to make tho performance worthy of a second visit. The city has never been visited by an illusion of such an unique character hitherto, and we dare say it will be a long time era ghosts equal in calibre, sportivetiess, and good iniinor will condescend to reveal the wonders of spirit laud to an admiring, and at times a laughingly hysterical audience iu this city. We may be°all conversant with the garb the representatives of spirit laud should assume, but it has remained for the enterprising proprietor: of the present show to make us more familiar with our kindred spirits, and after to-night we shall only be left, possibly to regret their absence and probably to conjure up dim phantoms by the aid of our owu ideas and that of book lore. Donations.—Mr. Druce, the secretary of the Fire Brigades' Committee, acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of £4 4s. from fthe New Zealand Insurance Company, per Mr. Win. Robertson, the local agent. The amount is very acceptable. This company has been fortu nate in its Sandhurst risks, as notwithstanding their large business here, they have had no fire for the last four years. The hon. treasurer of the Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie, National Bank) with thanks, acknowledges receipt of £3 5s. from Messrs. MfCartin Bros., West Sheibourne; aud £1 from Mrs. Park, iu aid of the funds of the institute. The collector (Mr. Cliadwick) of the Asylum acknowledges, with thanks, the following donations:—Union Bank of Austra lasia, £2 2s.; Mr. William Knight, £2 2s.; Messrs. Moore Bros., £1 Is.; Mr. John Crow ley, £1 Is,; case of books, Mr. Howe. National Bank.—The general balance of accounts takes place on Monday next, and the banks customers are requested to send in their pass books. The Star reports ths death of Mr. S. H. Marshall, a well-known grocer of Ballarat, aud formany years a prominent member and officer of the City Fire Brigade. The cause of death was cholera,'supposed to have been'induced by defective drainage in the neighborhood of his residence. Tksdku Accepted.—The Public Works De partment on Thursday accepted the teuder of J. Courson, at £'l,S(iq 10s. for' the erection of a post aud telegraph' b(Bce at East" Charlton. Tin: Muncinsos Post Officu.—A deputation from Murchiso'u', introduced by Mr. Gillies M.L.A., waited on the Postmasler-General on Thursday, to ask' piat the local' postmaster should be retained in"liia position, which, as a storekeeper, he would have to forfeit if the new regulations making all postmasters officers of thi 'department were carried out. Mr. Patterson said that, as the present 'postmaster appeared so give satisfaction to the inh'abitdnts of Murchison he would not be disturbed at least for the present.—Arytu,' ' • " 