PICKWIC'KIAN MEMORIES. (From th New .York Tribune.) Tiln haunts of Old Weellor in London, have not all disappeared. He speaks of himself in one place as the celebrated Mr. Weller of thie Bfelle Savage." In Bell Savage yard you will not find the old tavern, the court now being occupicd by comparatively new buildings, and one whole side given up to the publishing house of Cassell, Potter, and (Galpin. Neither does ldelldnhsll Market contain any longer thle alu1e Boar, in whoso parlour old Weller assisted Sam in the composition of his valentine. ]But the publicehouso in which the elder Weller was first introducfed to thef acquaintance of a delighted world, I am happy to say, still exists. Mr. Pickwick was walking up Cheapsido after his memorable interview with Messrs. Dodson and Fogg, when hoe turned to Sam, and asked where he could geot a glass of brandy and water. " Second court on tilhe right 'and side," promptly re plied Sam ; " last house lint van on tho right side of the way. Takeo thle box fs stands in thoe first fireplace, 'cos there an't no leg in the middle o' the table, which all the otihers has, and it's wery inconvenient." The house was apparentlyv under the special patronage of stage- coachmen ; and among a number of gentlemen belonging to that, learned profession who weore drinking and smoking in the plainly furnished room, Sam recognised the " ancient," otherwise his respected father. With Sam's direction, of course, I had no difllculty in finding the spot. It is up Freeman's court, nearly op posite Bow Church, Cheapsido (not to be confounded with the court of thoe same name in Cornhill, where Dodson and Fogg had their oflices), a dark little flagged pas sage, whoere a man may stand in the middle and touch the houses on both sides, and the last house but one is " thile Burton coffee house," to which thile title of " the silver grill" has been added as an appendix. It is Ia small and tidy establishmnont, no longer appropriated to coachnlln-alas, there are bnt few of those interesting pfersons linger ing on thiis earth--but patronised, I should say, by the common run of clerks and shop keepers. A respectableo-looling woman was taking a drink at the bar when I passed at half-past ten in tile morning. I did not go inll; oven the privilego of " thile box as stands in the first fireplace" would have bonll but a hollow mockery, since thoere was no chanco of meeting Mr. Weller. Another house frequented by Old Weller was tile Bull, in Whitecllapel. It was from this inn that h0 " worked the Ipswicll coach," and in its yard hoe was presented to us in pleasant conversation with Sam, on tile morning when Mr. Pikelwick and his faitihful retafiner journeyed down to Ipswich for thoe purposo of exposing thile falsohooeds of J;ingle. I reached thile Bull by a stroll which led me thlrough many famous locali ties without much deviation from thile direct course. I looked in Lendenhall street for tuhe Little' Wooden Midshipman, which so long marked the shop of Sol. Gills, tenanted for a tilml by Captain Cuttle, but, alas, thlat venerablo imago (which was really to be seen there only two years ago) has vanfislhod along with nearly all other features of tile antique street. Turning out of Leadonll hall-street, on thlle left is St. Mary Axe, and her1o, on thile outslirts of the ;IJew quarter, I found several grimy houses, with nondo script shops on tlhe ground floor, any on0e of whlich may have been tile pattern of thoe oestablislmenflt of " Pusbfey 1and Co.," wheor Old lRiah made a garden on tile roof for Joennio Wron and Lizzie Hoexhaus. A short and dingy street called Bievis Marks crosses St. Mary Axe. " I intend calling upon you this morning," wrote Dickens to F"orstcr, during thoe progress of tho " Old Curiosity Shop," " on the way back from Beovis Marks, whithler I wenlt to look at a house for Sampson Brass." 'There are solue old houses at one end of thoe street, crowded and put out of countenancue by modern places of business, and past those intoerest ing habitations, haunted by the ghosts of Sampson and Sally, and Diick Swiveller, and the Marchllion?ss, I madeo mly way to Aldgato, and so to Whiteechapel. lhllis broad, unlovely thoroughfare begins about half a mile north of the tower, and stretch ing away north eastward, cuts thlroulgh on0 of the most squalid quarters of London. As an old avenue of country travel it abounds with quaint taverns. The Bull has doubt less been shorn of its a.ncient proportions. It shows to the street only a narrow front of dark, smoke-stained brick, hardly more than a plain houso, with a carriago-way to the rear monopolising the ground floor, a lamp and a signboard over tllb entrance, and a portrait of the bull just inside, whore it is too dark to distinguish the features of the eminent alimal. Bnt if now buildings have encroached upon thle front, the yards withlin present their old ape:ct. TIleyfori two comploto qoadranglos, one opening inlto thile otlher. In thIle first are to be found on one silde of the lmain entrance to tile inn, the bar and tile coffeeoo-room; onl tho otllher tile billiard-room and oslices. The bed chlambelrs run all nroullnd tile upper st1'rio., ThIle inner quadranglo, allpproached like tile first by It covered opening, is devoted prin cipally to thle htables. " HIeads I " cried Mr. Weller, as thile coach llrattledl out of t?hle yard of tIlho Bull, with Mr. Pickwick and Sam and Poetor Met s nus as outside passengers. They drove up Wllito· chapol, At the beginning of tihoe lMile End road an old tavern stands between the strcet and side walk, the carriage-way pass ing oil one side of it, the footway on the other. This no doubt marks the rite of the old toll-gate, which suggeated the elder VWeller's philosophical remark to Mr. Pick.. wick that turnpiike-keepers were always men 1who had blenC disappointed in life. " They slut themselves0 up in pikes, partly with the view of being, solitary and lartly to revenge themselves on inanklind by the taking toll." Beyond that point, in Mr. Piicwichk's day, it w'las I suppose a rustic road; but far beyond it now extends the crowded district wherein povertly and oysters (to ite Sam'sf observatLion) prevail together; " and the case is the same," added Weller tlo elder, " with pickled shnlmon," of which delicacy there seemns to be an enormous street consumption about Whitechalpl and Mile End to this day. 