f f f t o w s . CHEISTIANBEOTHBBB' OOKVENT AND SCHOOL. —The Roman Catholic Schools in "Wakefleldstreet, which have just been bnilt in .connection with the new Convent of the Christian Brothers, were formally opened on Monday, Jan. 20, by His Lordship Bishop Reynolds, assisted by the Right Rev. Abbot Alcock, the Rev. "W. Prendersgast, G. Williams, C. McCloaky, and D. Murray, and the Revs, the Christian Brothers located here. Over 100. of the 120 boys already on the roll of the school were present, and a number of the parents were also there. The Yotive Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by Father Esser, and the Bishop delivered a stirring address on the subject of education, in the course of which he took occasion to animadvert in strong terms on the secular system of the State. The building is divided into two large schoolrooms, 88 feet by 28 feet each, and a classroom 16 feet square attached. The furniture of stained wood, and every convenience which ingenuity can devise has been provided. Ventilation has been especially attended to, the system adopted being quite new, and effectually answering the purpose. The school will accommodate 160 children. FIHE RA RUNDLE-STBEET.—The City Coroner having made enquiries into the cause of the fire on Saturday afternoon at Mrs. Chnrchett's, umbrella-maker, Rundle-street, finds that there is no possibility of getting information as to the origin of it, and that the damage is not considerable. No inquest will be held. CITY COTJNCIL.—The fortnightly meeting of the City Council will be held this afternoon. Councillor Richardson seems to be ander the impression that some of the most valuable deeds pertaining to the corporate property are not in safe custody—an impression.which it is to be hoped is not well foonded. He has given notice that he will ask the following questions on the subject:—" 1. Has the City Council in its possession the - whole of the memorandums of transfer of the City Market Acres, Town Hall Acre, and other lands bought by the Council from time to time ? 2. Has the City Council in .its possession the whole of the memorandums of leases, viz.:—Cricket Oval and Racecourse ? Also, of the various portions of the Town Hall Acre ? 3. Which officer of the Corporation has charge of and is responsible for the safe keeping of all the deeds and other important documents belonging to the Corporation ? 4. Are all memorials sent in to and accepted by this Council for the making of the private streets preserved and filed, and for how long are they kept?" The same gentleman will move—"That the City Surveyor be and is hereby instructed to prepare plans and estimates of cost for fireproof strongroom to be erected in the Town Hall Building for the safe keeping of all deeds and other important documents, books, &c.; belonging to the Corporation, the plans to be prepared and laid on the table at next Council meeting." Councillor Jones, who has apparently a weakness for riddles,will enquire:— " 1. At what date will the survey of the city for the purpose of deep drainage be completed if the;progress made up to the present time be tested by the rule-of-three ? 2. What number of sheets of the map are now completed, and how many such sheets will it require for the map of the whole of North and South Adelaide ?" The Health Committee recommend the appointment of an "elderly man" as Inspector of Lodging-houses at a salary of £100 a year. The Inspector will be expected when he has done his work in connection with the lodging-houses to fill up his spare time by making himself generally useful in the Sanitary 'Inspector's office. The Committee state that they are of opinion " that by the employment of such a person in the manner indicated the Sanitary Inspectors would be relieved of much office work, the time now occupied therein being then devoted to their outside duties for the public advantage, and their attention would thus be confined solely to the sanitation of the city." Councillor Jones intends to propose that culverts shall be made to facilitate entrance into the premises of citizens on the latter paying half the cost. The adjourned debate on the reinstatement of the Park Lands Gardener as City Gardener is among the orders of the day, and a new bylaw for the punishment of owners of brothels is to be proposed. We notice by the official business paper that the special attention of the Councillors is called to a number of the suggestions made by the late Mayor in his annual report. DRAPER MEHOBIAX CHUECH.—Tea and public meetings in connection with this church will be held this evening. SOUTH BRITISH FIBE AND MAHINE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW ZEALAND.—We have received from Mr. L. A. Jessop, the Adelaide agent, the twelfth half-yearly report and balance-sheet of this Company, and extract from it the following figures:—Fire and marine premiums for the half- year, £68,904 0s. lid.; interest, £6,310 15s.; fire and marine losses, paid and outstanding, £36,584 15s. lOd.; reinsurances, commission, &c.;, £25,254 5s. Id. The invested funds of the Company amount to £183,086 lis. Id.; the paid-up capital is £100,000; the registered capital £l,000,C00, and the liability of the share- Jjplders unlimited. VTTTTOIEBB CHUECH PABABE.—In refereece to the general order issued sbsut 150 members ©f ..the volunteer corps mustered at the Barracks on Sunday morning, aud weie marched to the Cathedral at North Adelaide. The band, under the leadership of Mr. Ooghton, was in atten< dance, and played appropriate march music. FIBB.—At about BOOH on Saturday a fire broke out in the shop of Mrs. Churchett, situated in Rundle-street. The alarm was no sooner given than a number of willing hands appeared on the scene. They extinguished the flames before any great amount of damage was done. RETURNED COLOOTSTS.—By the Torrens have returned the Hon. Thos. English, Captain and Mrs. Bickers, Mr. andJMrs. Madge, and several other well-known colonists. ACCIDENT.—A man named George Thomas Burford, aged thirty-eight, in the employ of the South Australian Carrying Company, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday, January 18, suffering from injuries received by falling on to the buffer of a railway carriage at Wasleys. He does not appear to be very severely hurt. CTAWXEB.—At the last meeting of the Institute. Committee Mr. Taylor gave notice of motion affirming the expediency of opening the Gawler Institute on Sunday. CHEISTIAN BROTHERS' CONTENT AND SCHOOLS. —A sermon in aid of the building fund of the above institution wu preached at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday morning by the Right Rev. Abbot Alcock. The rev. gentleman delivered a lengthy discourse, in which he appealed to parents in stirring terms to attend to the religious instruction of their children. He said that it was more incumbent on the parent to prepare children for the life hereafter than to educate them so as to promote their worldly welfare. The necessity for this was becoming greater than ever, because the present age was one of irreligion, impiety, and infidelity. He made a passing reference to the State school system, and said that secular education alone was a curse rather than a blessing. The Rev. William Prendergast during the day alsi preached at the same church for the same object, and special collections were made at all the Roman Catholic churches in the city and subuvbs. BATHING IN THE PORT STREAM.—Owing in all probability to the sultry weather prevailing, a great number of boys and a few youths went bathing in the Port Stream in the immediate neighbourhood of the shipping on Sunday afternoon, January 19. It may be as well to mention that the offence is punishable under the Marine Board by-laws with a fine of not less than £5. STEAM; TO KANGAROO ISLAND.—In a very short time the steamer Conrey will be ready for the trade for whioh she has been expressly built, namely to run between Port Adelaide and Kangaroo Island, calling at Glenelg by the way. The principal object, however, of the proprietors of the craft is, we believe, the development of a fishery at the island, with the intention of supplying the Adelaide markets with fish, and thi y will have several stations there. The boat is capable of carrying about thirty tons of general cargo, and has been furnished with very comfortable accommodation for passengers. A correspondent suggests that the Postmaster- General should avail himself of this oppor- tunity tw-supply a weekly mail to Kangaroo Island. He is sure that the service would be highly appreciated by the inhabitants. \- A HOAX.—A somewhat laughable hoax was peri etrated on one of onr townsmen (the Gawler Bivyip remarks) a few days since. A person,' who.shall be nameless, informed him that "Kelly had been caught on the Melbourne cricket ground while watching the inatch being played/' Our townsman flushed with the news rushed off to the hotel he frequents, where he imparted to those present the startling information that "Ned Kelly, the bnshranger, had been caught on the Melbourne cricket ground." Bets were freely offered that the news was untrue, but our townsman, who is somewhat nice in sach matters, declined to accept them, but declared he would "stand drinks for all in the hosse" if he was at 'fault. This morning he was generously informed by those interested that, though " Kelly was caught, it was not the notorious bushranger of that name, but the wellknown cricketer Kelly, who was caught out." Though somewhat taken aback at this hoax he has, we 'hear, faithfully fulfilled the promise made on the spur of the moment at the hotel in question. THE INSURRECTION IN NEW CALEDONU.—The following telegram was published in the Argus of January 16:—"The Loch Lee from Noumea brings news to the 4th instant. Naounoo, chief of the Nenifoo tribe at Bourail, has offered to surrender if his life and the lives of his followers are spared. At the time of the latest advices he and fifty men were marching with French soldiers, having undertaken to lead the military forces to the retreats of the other rebels. L It is said on good authority that there is sot chief among the rebels who would not do the same thing if permitted, even Cham, who was an accomplice in fearfully Tillanons acts during the revolt. The rebellion is virtually over, the insurgent natives being starved out and crushed. Their wounded are no longer cared for, but simply abandoned, as also are the women and children. Most of their firearms have been captured, and what ammunition they have left is useless. Hor- rible accounts are given of cannibalism practised during the period of hostilities. Friendly aborigines are as prone as others to this kind of fare, and many, on the death or flight of the enemy, seized and consumed the human remains they left. From 500 to 900 rebels are estimated to have been fatally wounded, many of whom must have crawled to the caves in the rocks to die. Some of the most picturesque localities among the hills are unapproachable on account of the terrible stench arising fiom the decomposing bodies. It is probable that many sought those places as alast refuge when death from starvation was certain. Two hundred of the captured rebels hive been expatriated to the Isle of Pines. The chief military movement now is the establishment of posts throughout the colony as a means of defence. The revolted districts are to be cleared of the natives, except those who operated with the Government against the rebels. The tribes of Adio and Pocqueteux have surrendered, and have also been seat to the Isle of Pines, where missionaries will have charge. About 300 others will be sent to Billp Island, in the north. Jean Marie, chief of the Ponerihouen tribe, who took a leading part in the insurrection, has been killed. 'He was the murderer of the Lemaison family." SUPPOSED MURDER OF A NATIVE BOY.— From the Rev. G. Taplin, Aborigines Misiionary at Point Macleay, we have received the following particulars, dated January 17, of what would appear to have been the very cruel murder of a native boy at the head of Lake Albert: —"Yesterday a party of our natives were encamped at a spot near Doad's lallaway Station, at the head of Lake Albert. Amongst them there was an old man named John Campbell and bis son, a boy about fifteen, named Sim Waiungare. Just after noon the lad took a gun and went off in a canoe fer. the purpose of shooting. As he did not return after some hours his father became anxious and started off in a canoe in search. He searched for some hour or so, and at length saw his son's canoe broadside on to the shore in one of the lagoons which run oat from the head of the lake. On makingexamination, to bis horror, the poor old man found the lad lying dead at the bottom of the canoe. He appeared to have recently gathered some ducks which he had shot, as his gun lay unloaded in the canoe. The father immediately got help from the camp and the place was searched, but no tracks were found. There is a large hole in the boy's breast which accounted for his death. The natives immediately brought his body here and I examined and probed the wound. It does not appear to be a gunshot wound. It is a clean oblong hole, slanting from above, in a downward direction from just above the right nipple towards the centre of the chest. It is such a wound as a spear or sharppointed waddy would make. I and the natives believe that he has been foully murdered, probably by some enemy of his clan, and I have communicated with the _ police at Meningie. Poor old John Campbell is a native who is well known and generally respected, and the murdered lad was his youngest son and greatly beloved by him. Tire poor fellow's sorrow may consequently be imagined. The boy had been in our school and was remarkably quiet and inoffensive. Our ^schoolboys have often shown great fear of going into solitary places alone, and we have sometimes laughed at them, supposing that their fears were needless, but we have.now proof that we were mistaken. The place where the boy's body was found is about twenty-two miles from here." 