[?] Orara. The strong «rt- of the chafing stream, That seaward fights its way Down crepe of flitter, delis of gleam , Is in the hQls to-day. But, far and faint, a prey-winged form Hangs where the wild lights wane : The phantom of a bygone storm— A ghost of wind and rain, fheeoft white feet of Afternoon Are -on the shining meads : The breecc is as a pleasant tunc Amongst the happy reede. The gloom-dividing flying fire That made thc great cares ring, And scarred the Elope and broke the epirr. lea forgotten thing. Thc a'u is full of mellow sonnds ; The wet hill-heads are bright; And, down {he fall of fragrant grounds Thc deep wayE flame with light. A rose-red epace pf stream I see TaEt banks of tender fern : A radiant brook, unknown to me Beyond its upper turn. The singing silver life I hour. Whose home is in the green Far- folded woods of fountains dear Where I have never been. Ah, brook above thc upper bend, I often long to stand Where you in soft cool shades descend From the untrodden Laud ! Ah, folded woods that bide thc grace Of mow and torrents strong, 1 often wish to know the face Of that which sings your song ! Hut 1 may linger long, and look Till night is over oil : My eyes will never see the brook Or sweet strange waterfall. The world is round me with its hen! And toil and cares that tire ; 1 cannot with my feeble feet Climb after my desire. Rat, on the lap of lands unseen, Within a sccret none, There shines diviner gold anil green Than man has ever known. And where the silver waters hing , Down hushed and holy dells, Thc flower of a celestial Spring— A tenfold splendour dwells. Ten, in my dream of fall and brook By far sweet forests furled, ) sec that light for which J look in vain through all the world. The glory of a loiter rky On slopes of hills sublime That speak with God and Morning, higli Above thc ways of Time ! Ah ! haply, in this sphere of change Where shadows spoil the beam, It would not do to climb that range And test my radiant Dream. The slightest glimpse of yonder place, Untrodden and alone, Might wholly kill that nameless grace Thc charm of thc Unknown. AniV, therefore, though 1 look and long, Tcrhaps the lot is bright Which keeps the river of the song A beauty out of fight. Henry K-;ni-ai,!„ 