INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MANCH. [Br EiEOTKic TELEGRAPH.] FIRST DAY. MELBOURNE. December 26. THE return match between Melbourne and Sydney commenced to-day. Tho Victorians went to the wickets first and scored 338. The Sydney bowling was severely punished, and all the bowlers were tried. Horan, Alexander, Kendall, and Allan displayed splendid cricket. The Sydney men had scored twelve runs when the stumps were drawn. Tho following were the scores : VICTORIA.-FIRST ISMNGS. M'Donncll . 12 Alexander .75 Slight . . 10 I). Campbell . 8 Palmer. 4 Horan.43 Allan .34 Boyle .. . 36 Cooper.13 Kendall .43 Blackliam, not out . 41 Sundries . 19 Total .33S ATTENDED DY A OHOST.-Miss Toop, age 14, of Westminster, Md., sees at intervals a fuU sized ghost-a man with a red face and sandy whiskers. Early in the summer there were rappings and movements about thc house, which convinced thc motlier that her daughter really did see a ghost. One morning when they slept later than usual, a little bel! was rung violently, and the tableware was tossed from thc kitchen into the bedroom. After this the Bpirit played mischievous pranks almost every morning. Wien Mrs. Toops would be spreading thc tablecloth, it would be snatched out of her hand, and plates, knives, and forks would be thrown to the floor. One of its favourite tricks was to strip the beds of their covering, and on several occasions a feather bed was tossed to the floor. There were frequent pulling matches between the motlier, thc daughter, and the ghost, thc latter trying to get possession of sheets and counterpanes os they were being spread on the beds. One day thc ghost, seen only by the daughter but heard by the mother, was unusually troublesome. They were hoeing in the garden, and every few minutes they would be stopped in their work, and would bc unable to raise their hoes from thc ground. Thc mother told the daughter to strike him. Thc ghost said " If you strike ino I'll bc thc death of you." She, however, directed a blow at his face, and instantly fell down in a fit. Thc girl has spasms nearly every day, in which she loses consciousness. These come on her whenever she resists the ghost, or refuses toohey him.- : yew York ZViitcm, J 