ECHUCA, MOAiTA. AND KliUAXG ADVE2TISEB. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) Eohooa, Monday, May 5, 1879. At a time like tha present, an election for Hhe' Legislative Council naturally excites a much larger amount of interest than usual. The importance of the question which will have to be dealt with in the course of a few months, cannot be over estimated, and as the Council will necessarily play a most prominent part in the discussion of that question, everyone is impressed with the conviction that as much ability a3 possible should "be brought to bear upon it, and that such ability 3hould be tempered with mo deration and au earnest desire to avoid pushing matters to extremes. Under these circumstances, we believe, that the an nouncement of the candidature of Mr. Lorimer for the Central Province will be" received with ' general satisfaction. In , yarious public capacities, Mr. Lorimer has given proof of his ability, and the ad dress which he has issued to the electors, proves that he is not an advocate of the ex treme pretensions of theCouncil, but is pre pared to accede to such a measure of re reform as will not only bring that Chamber more into accord with public opinion, but will prevent deadlocks and secure finality of legislation.' He believes that the As sembly would havo acted wisely in accept ing tentatively the bill passed by tho Council last session, providing for the re duction in the qualification of members and electors, for a subdivision of the provinces and an increase of the number of members, and for shortening the members' tenuis of office, and thinks that it Would havo been wise to have given a House constituted on such a basis a fair trial before insisting on a more radical change. But since that bill was not accepted, and in the hope ot ending the strife| between the ftwo Houses, which is productive of so much injury to every interest of the colony, he would ba pre pared to adopt the scheme proposed by Mr. Service on behalf of the Opposition at the close of last session. It will be re membered that at the end of November the Council transmitted certain resolutions, embodying tho basis upon which they would be propared to deal with the question of re form, to the Assembly, upon which Mr. Berry submitted a 'motion declaring that the resolutions involved an infraction of the rights and privileges of the Assembly, without in any way providing for the bills carried in that House being passed ulti mately into law within any definite period. To this, Mr. Service moved an amendment, affirming that-the bill passed by the Coun cil would do much to bring it into har monious relations with the people, and that the proposal, which was an essential feature of the resolutions, " that in the event of a disagreement between ^tho two Houses in relation to Money Bills, and tho Governor, in cousequence of such disagreement, think ing fit to dissolve the Assembly, ae should also have tho power to dissolve the Council was a further important con cession towards solving the constitutional difficulty." With a view still further to liberalise tho Council's proposals, Mr. Ser vice next moved :—"That tbe provision for a dissolution of both Houses should be ex tended to matters of ordinary legislation as f well as to Money Bills, and the proposal so ' amended should be. embodied in the bill, together with a further provision to the effect that in the event of a continuing dis agreement between the two Houses after a dissolution, and the assembling of the new Parliament, a joint vote of the two Houses should be taken, and the decision of tho majority should be final" Amongst the advantages which would follow the adoption of this scheme Mr Service claimed " that it would effectually remedy the evils arising from deadlocks between the two Houses ; that it would take away the permanent veto which the Council has now the power to exercise over legislation without impairing the usefulness ofthat body, or destroying the desirable check which twj Houses provide; , that it would in no way interfere with the privilego to put any item it chooses into the annual Appropriation Bill; that it would constitute the people of the country,. the final arbiter in all cases of dispute between the two Houses; that it would provide a simple and effective measure for such amendments in our constitutional law as the people of the country may from time to time desire; and that it would develop feeliugs of mutual respect and conciliation between the two Houses, and would thus be the best guarantee in the future for sound, useful, and harmonious legislation." But the majority were at the time in no mood to listen to reason. The embassy had already been decided upon. The re jection of the Council's bill was from the first a foregone conclusion, and every appeal made to Mr. Berry to endeavor to effect a compromise was in vain. So, after a long debate the amendment was negatived by 42 votes to 24, and Mr. Service's scheme of reform fell to the ground. It is this scheme that Mr. Lorimer now declares himself in favor of, and the an nouncement will be received with great gratification by those who are weary of the constantly recurring conflicts between the two Chambers, and who are anxious for " sound, useful, and harmonious legis lation." Mr. Service's proposals may go too far for extreme Constitutionalists, and may fall short of what extreme Liberals desire, but they afford a fair basis for a compromise, and that is just what is desired at present. Mr. Berry himself has learned by this time that the difficulty can only be settled by a compromise. The Act which he went home to England to obtain, and by means of which he intended to legis late on the question of reform in spite of the Council,] has been refused him, and he has been told in effect that the Imperial Government will only interfere in the event of the Upper House obstinately refusing to assent to a rational and moderate amend ment of the Constitution. That the last Reform Bill was not of this nature, and that the Council were consequently justified in rejecting it, almost all parties are now | agreed. In Englaud the plebiscitum has met with nothing but the most unqualified condemnation, and Mr. Berry has been ! warned by the journal most favorable to liis pretensions that no colony could be permit | ted to adopt such a scheme without sever ing its connection with the Empire. That project may therefore be dismissed as dead, and never to be resuscitated. If he is not prepared to accept Mr. Service's it will de volve upon him to submit another, but we are-greatly mistaken if he has not learned during his visit to England that ho will stand but a poor chance of obtaining any thing so liberal from the Imperial Parliament. The leaders of the Council, ■on the other hand, have, it is to be hoped, discovered by this time that nothing is to be gained by carrying on a conflict in which the whole force of public opinion is against them, and in which they must be beaten at last. Indeed it is only just to that body to admit that before the close of last session they manifested a strong desire to settle the difficulty by making important concessions, and it is not fair to assume that they will be more un reasonable when the "question; next; coiiies before them. Mr. Loriuier's candidature will afford an opportunity for testing the feelings of the electors of the most impor tant and most representative province in the colony upon the subject, and his elec tion would greatly strengthen the hands of the moderate party not only in the Council but in the Assembly as well. The decision arrived at by the Borough Council ion:;Wednesday evening to erect cattle yards out of the loan for markot pur poses has not been received with satisfac tion by the farmers of the district, and certainly cannot be said to have been justi fied by the arguments of those by whose vptes;it?;was parried.' The.establishment of a market is ostensibly for the purpose of bringing buyers and sellers together, and if it were at all necessary for the Council to take anj' steps to accomplish this purpose" stock .in,Ecliuca, the erection of proper yard accommodation would be not only justifiable but commend able. But it was Hot even protended that this was the object of the Council on Wed nesday evening. There is ample accommo dation existing at present, and there is no reasonable hope of the Borough yards beinf used to anything like an extent sufficient to warrant the expenditiii'e which their ei'eotiaa and maintenance will involve, 'file realobject v.'as UOt disguised. The 452nd section of the Local Government Act provides that when a market has once been established and a scale of dues decided oil, the Council may demand such dues, not only from those who use the market yards, but from " every person who shall at any time use for the sale of cattle any yards or promises within the municipal district and outside any war ltet provided ,by tile Council." Thus, after the yards have been Greeted, in accordance with the resolution of Wednesday; every farmer who brings livo stock for srilo to either of the local auctioneers will be com pelled to pay the Borough dues just as though he used the Borough yards Councillor Mackintosh described this as a system of levying black mail, and the expression can scarcely be said to be too strong. The accommodation which it is intended to provide has never ouiu asked lor, and is liofc i'equlred, and to pi'ovide it^ in order to have a legal excuse for extorting dues from those who will not make use of it cannot be defended on any lecognised principle of morality, whether corporate or otherwise, Councillor Lau rence's argument in support of the decision was that " the question resolved itself into one of finance, that the market had been built and the interest must be naid some how," from which it would appear that lie has already made up his mind that the general and produce market will be a failure, and that the deficiency in the revenue must be made up by acquiring the legal light to levy taxes upon the farmers wlio bring stock into the town for sale. But surely Councillor Laurence himself will ad mit that tins is a most unfair way of dedino with the matter, and the unfairness is in no •sense lessened by pointing out that although hawkers may not use the market they will under the provisions of the Act be com pel ed to pay the dues. The principle underlying this provision is very obvious" It is assumed that no market aceommoda t.oii will be provided except to meet the public requirements, and for the publ c benefit, and that as its maintenance Lc •sari y involves;expense none shall be per mitted to evade payment of their contnh,, tion to that expense, because they do not" chooss to avail themselves of the adtint ages provided for them. And if ;fc argued that the establishment of a cattle' market was m any sense a mib'io ...» or that its public benefit, there would be no imustW ... exacting tees from those who might ^ , fer to make use of private sale yards ; but to argue as Councillor Lawrence does that because something which the public does require will not pay, something else which it does not require must be established to make it pay is illogical and unjust. Moreover, it may be suggested that before pronoun cing so decidedly that the market as at present erected will be a financial failure it would be as well to try it. It is quite pos sible that it may not realise the anticipa tions of its most sanguine promoters, but having established it, it is hardly reason able to pronounce it a failure before it has been opened. We say nothing of the "vested interests," which some councillors referred to on Wednesday, because if it were for the public benefit considerations of this nature should not be allowed to stand in the way. It is because no such argument can be used, and because it would be v. great injustice to those upon whom the trade of the town in a very great measure depends, to erect yards which they do not want and,would5notuse,fortlio merepurpose of compelling them to pay fees, that we op pose the proposition. Let the market, established in accordance with the original intentions of its advocates, have a fair trial first. If it should not prove so successful as was expected, it will be time enough then to consider what can be done to im prove it, but we protest against the endeavor to guard against failure by " levy ing black mail" upon those who do not iieed it. The Rivers.—The Murray river registered lust night at Echuca, 1 foot 5 inches above summer level ; Wahgunyah, 1 foot G inches ; Swan Hill, 2 feet 5 inches. At Seymour, the Goulburn was stationary atsnmmer level, and at Wangarrata, the Ovens was 1 foot above, and was risiug. The Land Tax Court.—In this court on Friday, the appeal of Mr. Joseph Watson against his eBtate of 1915 acres in ihe cunty of Bendigo, being assessed in the third olas.s, was allowed, and the assessment re duced to the fourth class with costs.. Eciipca Police Cuort.—The or.ly busi ness dealt with at the Echuca Police Oourt on Saturday, when Mr. C. M. Seward, J. P., presided, wa3 the lining of a drunkard, who had the usual alternative of fcweuty-faur hours' solitude (riven to hitn. Shipping Notes —There, was no work done at the wharves on Saturday. Yester day afternoon the Enterprise arrived with a small cargo of sawn timber from the Gun bower sawmills. The bar at the dock is being gradually removed, and a good portion was clearod away on Saturday. Farmhouse Burnt.—The residence of Mr | John Marsh, farmer, Goulburn Roid, which \ was situated some six milesjtrom Echuca near i Edwards Hotel, was destroyed by fire toward the end of last week, together with. its con tents. We have not heard how the fire ori ginated, but the house was insured for £70 in the North-German Insurance Company, of which Mr. P. Besemo is the loca' agent. The furniture was uninsured. D'Arcit Head's Ghost.—On Saturday afternoon a matinee performance of the "host entertainment was given, which was larg-ly attended by children. The hall was darkened by curtains hung in the interior. The last performance was given on Saturday ui<jht to a fair house. Church of England.—At the evening service yesterday at Christ Church the Rev. John Garliek announced that a meeting of the Board of Guardians would bo held at half-past seven on Thursday eve ning in the church, and at the same hour on the previous evening a meeting of the Sunday school teachers would be held. A High Rental for Land.— A.s showing the value of land in some parts of the War uambool district, we mny mention the follow ing. Mr. Moon'-y, of Torrumbarry is the owner of 147 acres in that part of the colony, and recently visited the district for- the pur pose of letting the land for potato growing. The whole of it was leased by auction for one year, and brought the enormous rental of £5 12s (5d per acre. The teinn> were half cash and the balance on the 1st July, but nearly the whole amount of the rentil was paid down. Messrs. JellieandSt. Queutin were the auctioneers. The Empsons.—The Empson troupe is advertised to appear in the Temperance Hall to-night. This company always received, hearty support. Rex Renthall is included in the company, which is stated to be better than ever. Messrs. Permkwan, Wright and Co.— We understand (says the Herald of Saturday) it is intended to form a Joint Stock Com pany of £100,000, in 2.000, shares of £5 each, for the purchase of the stock, property, anb goodwill of the old esrablished carrying business of Messrs. Permewan, Wright and Co. As the business has been paying divi dend!) amounting to 25 per cent, annually on the capital invested, .and as it,is now con templated to largely extend its operations in this aud the adjoining Colonies, there is little doubt of the success of the present move ment. The opening up of new railways has presented cfre.ah fields of work fo.' the new company, whose labors will be felt, as con venient to the public at large as those of.the suburban carriers are to city folks. The Alleged Shooting at Mr. Monk.— The Herald of Saturday night publishes the following telegram from its Melbourne correspondent:-—The alleged shooting at Uonkj of tile Wombat Saw mills) is Creating iriuoh diversity Of opinion. The police have taken possession of the saddle iirwhicfi one of the revolver bnlletswhich Monk says were fired at him lodged, and have also carefully examined the trees said to be marked by other bulleio. Tlidy espre.-s themselves positive that the whole affair is a fabrication, and that there never was any attempt to taco Monk's life The Mansfield Guardian in a leading article this morning challenges the police to prove the charge of falsehood against Monk. The police s'av that the meet ing called for to-day to express sympathy with Monk cannot be taker, as any criterion cif publicopinioll, aisit iu convened by several influential business men in Mansfield, who hold mortgages over the Wombat Saw-mills, and who are able to influence otlnr residents of Mansfield. There is an opinion that Monk has a friend in Melbourne; who has been in duced to write the thfeaf.eiiiilg le tens to hinij and some go so far as so hint that the man Lynch sentenced for sending the first threa tening letter to Monk was wrongly convicted, and is suffering unjustly, but this theory obtains very little support. The police are busily engaged in trying to clear up the mystery. Melbourne people can have no idea of the scheming, plotting, and counter-plot ting that go on here. An Experimenting NukS' maip.—We take tile folioiviwg amusing paragraph from the Maryborough AdrcrtUcr; The rainfall on Saturday and Sum lay regist ered O.vto, aud on Monday 0.77, making for the two days 1.72, or a trifle under If inches. On ex amining the gauge o i Monday morning, the official, to his surprise, found many inches of rain registered, vastly in excess to any; amount than c-mid have fallen, and upon making incjuiers he discovered that a nurse maid had poured a bottle of water into the instrument. The bottle was obtained and filled from the iiauge, when the true reading was obtained.'' Negotiations in Afghanistan.—Wo heard not long ago (says the G ilculla Jin{?lifh man) that Yakob Khan's messenger to Jellaia bed was wanting in con rtesy to Major Civagnari, and he had to be called to ordi-r; ! but, according to the news received by the I Lahor paper from Kabul, the reverse was the i case. Tmessenger, on his return, is said to have "complained to the Ameer that, on his reception by Major Cavagnari at Jeil dabad, that officer declined to shake hands with and was hagnghty in his demeanour, Pie j Ameer received this intelligence with much j dissatisfaction, * 