TALE ON CHANGE. ' I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you!" —SlIAKSL'KARE, " Quamquam ridentem dicerc verum Quid vetat Horace. There is one member of Parliament who is a great man " intirely," and the Cockney members call him Mr. O'A. In a railway carriage there lately travelled with him another " miraber" and three ladies, one of whom is my obliging informant. The legis lators talked to each other with an air of lofty ostentation, obviously designed to im press their personal greatness upon their gentle fellow-passengers. When the railway porter asked for tickets each of the latter immediately produced her duly-paid-for au thority to travel, but the honourable members hesitated. The porter again civilly requested production of the gentlemen's tickets, when the legislator I have named burst forth thus" How is it that you don't know public men, and keep bothering them for tickets ? It is most absurd that they should be asked for." " I beg your pardon, sir," was the reply, " but I am a stranger, and do not know all members of Parliament." "Well, then, make yourself acquainted with the faces of all public men. That is, if you wank to study your own interest—d'ye hear now ?' The humbled public servant retreated quite chap-fallen. His sin against dignities lay heavy upon him. It is absurd to suppose that the burglarious entering upon the premises of the left-behind ambassador meant nothing more than a vulgar desire to possses his wearing apparel. It is worthy of notice that his papers were carried off. This has suggested various theories. Ministerialists hint that the abstracted portmanteau doubtless contained important documents inculpating the Legislative Coun cil, which it was felt by the friends of that body, at any hazard, must be rescued from the possession of Mr. Henderson. On the other hand, the Conservative party boldly assert that the late intrusion upon the digni fied privacy of Mr. H. was prompted by a determination to secure, at any risk, the parchment commission, with the red seal of cheese-plate diameter, which had so abso lutely established the diplomatic and repre sentative position of its possessor. It was perhaps felt that the possession of a formal commission by Mr. Henderson, whilst Mr. Berry had none, was an anomaly which could not be longer tolerated. It remains to be seen whether the myrmidoms of the law, who are in the department of the Acting Chief Secretary, will accord to this dis tinguished coloured citizen the aid to which, by the comity of nations, he has so clear a right. The education of the grandmother in the sucking of eggs is aptly illustrated by the su perior financial acuteness of a daily journal which generously points out to the merchants of Melbourne an easy way of making money which they in their simplicity have over looked. Thus:—" The extraordinary dis parity between the value of Victorian securi ties in the Melbourne market, and the prices quoted as ruling on the London Stock Ex change, is a matter well worthy of attention. The difference in the values shows a profit of from 8J to 5 per cent on the transmission of j debentures from here to London; and it would Beem to be an easy method of trans mitting money home, whether on the part of the Government or by merchants, to buy the debentures in this market, transmit them to London, and make a handsome profit.'' There is just this trifling obstacle in the way of making 3J to 5 per cent profit in the manner proposed—that neither principal nor interest of these debentures is payable in London—and if sent to London they would | have to be returned as without realisable market value there. But it is worth considering whether an Act of Parliament to provide payment of in terest and principal in London on theBe local bonds might not be desirable. It would cost the State the current rate of exchange on re mitting the required funds, but it would have the probable effect of gradually emancipating over a million bterling invested in Government debentures here. Indeed, something of the kind was once advocated by the journal which, as I have 'just .shown, now betrays such amusing simplicity^ The eccentricities of bankers possess an especial attraction for the public. It must be, I think, that the proceedings of any set of men having the control of millions sterling, and forbearing (as a general rule) from appro priating it themselves, excites admiration and wonder. In the Bine Mountains a prosperous publican resides, who gave a cheque on Sydney which was, by some mischance, dishonoured. As he had an ample balance at his credit, he was surprised on learning this, and at once drew a cheque having inscribed upon it, "Pay dishonoured chequeand the latter was at once duly paid. Correspondence ensued, and the bank sent up a clerk, who expressed the manager's regret at the blunder, adding that the ledger-keeper in fault was to be dismissed. Unwilling that a young fellow should suffer so severe a penalty, the injured publican at once Baid he would abandon all intention of legal proceedings if the mistake of the clerk were forgiven. The proposal was accepted; and by way of expressing the bank's sense of its customer's handsome behaviour, there was transmitted to him a letter of acknowledge ment, and, as a permanent memento of the occurrence—what think you ?—the Vanity Fair caricature of the Demon Bowler ! That worthy vintner would be more indignant than he is but for a haunting suspicion that this mark of banking favour has been sent him as a hoax by some acquaintance familiar with the facts. It is proposed to present to Lady Bowen a souvenir in remembrance of the esteem in which she is held by the ladies of Victoria, and of her universal kindness and hospi tality. The names of the committee of ladies who have undertaken this graceful tribute to Lady Bowen are in themselves some guarantee of the success of a move ment which is properly divested of all political significance. The postulate is un questionable, and there should be no disap pointment in the just conclusion. A circular letter states that Mr. Mullen, the bookseller, will receive names and subscriptions up to closing of the list on 3rd February. An action of an extraordinary character is threatened. A lady from this Bide of the Straits paid Hobart Town a visit, and lodged in a house which, I believe, had formerly been used as military barracks. She became conscious of a nightly visitant, who, she concluded, must be immaterial and ghostly. Her husband, who followed her to Tasmania, was similarly afflicted by a like hallucination. They subsequently mentioned the disturb ance of their rest by the apparition, which was said to be in the form of a young woman with a baby in her arms, an " unfortunate Miss Bailey," with Tasmanian affinities. The result is an alleged injury to the business of the boardinghouse, and a claim of £2p0 for damages. The defendants will, I suppose, have thrown upon them the onus of proving the ghost, which may not be so easy in day light, to the satisfaction of twelve unimagina tive tradesmen in a jury-box. A prospective marriage which had lately been much talked of, between a young lady resident in Melbourne and one of the richest landowners in the colonies, has been broken off. It was reported that the breach of contract had been compromised by a sub stantial compensation. But I have been informed that retainers from both sides have been tendered to a leading barrister within the last few days, which looks like a sensa tion for the newspapers. My dear Sir, I am constrained to disagree with you. I cannot attribute the subjoined to a reckless use of Pearson's grammar, nor can I see my way to connect it with the spelling qualifications of the Minister of Education. The photographic picture of the scene of the police murders which you mention as visible in Bourke-street, with the inscription " where the troopers where shot,'* is an apparent sacrifice of orthography upon the altar of emphasis by repetition. After three years' faithful service, a shep herd changed his employment, leaving his eatings—some £70—in the hands of his late master, Mr. Splitemtealeaf, the well-known and wealthy owner of 100,000 ewes and wethers. Some two years elapsed, and then old Macleod wrote for his money. In the absence of Mr. S. his manager referred to the books, and finding that the demand was a just one, forwarded a cheque for the amount, not, however, adding any interest. When the master returned, and was regaling himself with an inspection of accounts, he observed the shepherd's account squared, and inquired, " Has Macleod been here?" " No," replied the manager; " he wrote for his money, and I sent him a cheque in a registered letter." " But," said Mr. S., " that would cost 6d., and I do not see any deduction from him." " Oh, I just charged it to the station ac count," rejoined the manager. " Charged it to the station account, sir!" screamed Mr. | S.; " why the devil did you do that? You ought to have known better. This sort of thing accounts for your infernally heavy ex penditure, sir." Members of the legal profession miss the police magistrate from some of the suburban courts. I am told that at Fitzroy a few days ago a publican was summoned for Sunday trading. The act clearly fixes the penalty in case of conviction at not less than £1, nor more than £10. The Bench in the case re ferred to convicted the defendant, and fined him ten shillings. Upon the sergeant of police pointing out that the fine was less than the minimum fixed by the statute, the chairman blandly said, " We sball not alter our decision!" It was, I believe, his worship's debiit as chairman of the bench. I The ingenious manager of an unsuccessful mine, who has been writing elaborate and really difficult weekly reports for many years, now offers this suggestive encouragement, which does not seriously compromise him in case of disappointment, viz., " The meeting of a large body of quartz at an early date would not be a surprise." I don't Suppose that it is due to any con fusion of ideas arising out of the Bishop's at tendanceat the performance of" The Unequal Match," but it is a fact that a little girl, aware that a visit to the pantomime was on the family programme for the same evening, followed her progenitor to the gate and said, " Papa, do engage front pews." Residing near Sydney is a patron of litera ture whose doors are hospitably open to men connected with journalism. Amongst other guests the gentleman whose pseudonym is " The Vagabond" has been an occasional visitor. He has been an object of especial interest to an old gardener employed on the premises, but who had not, so far, had an opportunity of identifying the subject of his curiosity. Now, it so" happens that "The Vagabond" has lately been measuring swords with a son of Anak engaged on the weekly press, and the latter the other day paid a visit to the N.S.W. Mecajnas. The old gar dener, who has very general ideas as to nom8 de plume, intercepted his master, and in a Btage whisper inquired—" Beg your pardon, sir, but isn't that the Blackguard ?" A thoroughpaced Victorian, with a large in fusion of New South Wales self- complacency, lately visited South Australia. He found fault with everything. Of his turtle soup he j said, " Why, mutton broth in Melbourne is much better." Of S.A. hock he said that Melbourne-brewed ale was far superior. His hotel being full, an excellent couch was pre* I pared for him in a large sittingroom. " Humph," he growled ; " why, a back kitchen in Melbourne would be better than this." In the room was a fish globe contain ing some rare specimens of fresh- water cray fish. One of these had by some means escaped from the globe, and found its way to the floor. As the visitor was about stepping into bed his foot was seized in a powerful claw. Shouting "What's this?" to the waiter who was passing the door, the latter said, " Oh, that's an Adelaide flea—I don't think you can beat thai in Melbourne!" ^EGLES. 