Latest accounts from Amherst state that Constable Monks is progessing satis factorily. The bullet was removed from his leg on Saturday, and since that day he has made considerable progress. It is ex- pected that it will be about a month before he will be able to resume duty. The cable messages published in the Melbourne papers yesterday give important intelligence respecting the progress of the war in Afghanistan. It appears that after the defeat of the rebels at Shuter G-urden, the troops pushed onward and reached Cabul on the following day, when it was found that the rebels had entrenched them selves' in the citadel; General Roberts de termined on an immediate attack, and sent General Massey to cut off the rebels' re treat. On the approach of the British the insurgents retreated to the hills, apparently without a battle, and while General Massey went in pursuit. General Roberts|took pos session of the city. It now seems probable that the Afghan war has been finished for the second time, and it is to be hoped that steps will be taken to prevent another out break. The manager of the Working Miners Company reports a yield of 313oz. 14dwt. for days. The lead has been proved payable for 100 feet wide. A dividend of Is 6d. per share was paid yesterday. The "committe of management of the Odd fellows' ball have determined to postpone the event from the 23rd instant until the 18th November. This action has been de termined on in consequence of the Bung Bong and Presbyterian tea meetings and the Moonambel concert being, appointed for dates in the same week. Applications under the Land Act ap proved :— For licenses : — John Welsh, Glenpatrick and Glenlogie ; Edward Humphrey, Barkly ; Joseph Quilliam, Rathscar ; Robert Neil, Glenlogie ; Fre derick- E. Earckens, Edmund Sliurley, John Phillips, Theodore Beseler, Peter C. Scott, .Eobert Neil, Amphitheatre. Eor leases— Ernest Matthews, Crowlands and Glendhu ; James Edwards, Wareek ; Eobert Steed, Bung Bong. We observe that fresh tenders have been balled for the works at the Avoca ford, and understand that the specifications have been modified to bring the cost within the Council's limit. Tenders are be sent in by Saturday next. . The Melbourne papers of Ericl ay report a sad incident as having occurred to a young girl well known in Avoca. The girl had gone to Melbourne to obtain a situation as a, domestic servant, but being unsuccess ful she had spent all her money, and was obliged to sleep in the" street on Wednes day night.": This seems - toV have" unhinged her mind," as" slfe was observed' acting in an eccentric manner in Swanston street on Fri day night, and threatening to drown her self. --The police took her in charge and found her very weak from want of food, and having attended 'to her immediate re quirements she was taken before the po lice court on Friday and was then reman ded until Monday for medical treatment. We remind our readers that the sale of Mr Poyntz's land at Eathscar West will take place to-morrow afternoon at 2 p.m. The land is of first-class quality for agri cultural purposes, and has been improved at a considerable outlay of labor and money by the present holder. Being also on tlio supposed line of the Homebush Lead will give it an especial value in the eyes of specu lators, and should induce a spirited compe tition. _ ; ; ; ... We extract the following from the share market report in the Ballarat Star of -yes terday : — Queen?s Birthday (Dunolly), sales £12 5s, £11 15s, buyers £11 15s, sellers £12 2s ,6d ; South Birthday, sellers 3s 6 d ; King's Birthday, sellers 6s ; North Birth day, buyers 20s, sellers 22s; Homebush, buyers los 6d, sellers 16s 6d ; North Home bush, sellers 2s. : Sixty-; miners of the Great Southern Com pany joined the Sandhurst strike yesterday. It is now feared that the strike will become general, the. men being disappointed with rtbe reply given by Mr Lansell on Satur day. .. _ ; An extraordinary rich gold discovery . is reported from Sydney. The Star of Peaco Company is reported to have struck what appears to be almost a solid vein of gold in the 74 feet level. The vein is reported to be nearly thirty feet wide. The prosecution of the directors of the Provincial and Suburban Bank is still pro ceeding. ..." Lounger," in the Herald, suggests an extension of the stock tax in the shape of an impost of 7s 6d. per head on goats. He thinks this would make a considerable ad dition to the revenue and be very acceptable to owners' of gardens. The will of the late squatter, Mr. Tyson, of New South Wales, has been sworn under £500,000, The Belfast Be form League are stated to intend bringing forward strong opposition to Sir John O'Shanuassy at the next gene ral election. As Mr and Mrs. M 'Henna were- falling a tree at Coreen on Wednesday, a branch caught in auother, which caused the butt to run back, and striking Mrs. M'Kenna in the back killed her. ' The Constitution Bill was further con sidered in committee of the Council on Thursday, and clauses 24 to 38 were passed. The German i cavalry, saj's the Broad Arrotv, are shortly to bo armed with re volvers in place of the pistols now in use. Hospital Saturday and Sunday will be observed in Melbourne and suburbs on Saturday and Sunday next. The whaling trade from the port of Ho- bart Town is reported to be reviving. Two vessels have just returned, one with thir teen and the other with seventy- three tuns of oil. The latter was out only .eight months. A woman named Elizabeth Eance at tempted suicide at Sandhurst on Friday by throwing herself into a waterhole. She was dragged out and handed over to the police. A new gold rush is reported at a place thirty miles from Cootamundra, N.S.W., on the Southern line of railway. Farmers' Unions are being established at North Gippsland, Casterton, Benalla, Sale, Maffra, Learmonth, Spring Hill, Coliban, and the movement is ' extending generally. Inmost cases the Eochester union rules are taken as the guiding principle. Arthur's Head lighthouse, Freemantle, has been illuminated. The radius of the light is about sixteen miles. The Queensland Government have re solved to resume immigration. The first ship is to leave in December. A rumour has been circulated to the ef fect that Secundus had been wrongly nomi nated for the Melbourne Cup, but this rumour proves to be entirely ! without foundation. Preparations are being made by a private company for the manufacture of ice in Ballarat during the coming warm season. Gold has been discovered 30 miles from Eavenswood, in the direction of Stranhal- vin, Queensland. There are 1,000 tons of auriferous stone on the surface. Eight dishes of rubble gave 4dwt. Three pros pecting claims have been granted. The Government have decided to accept tho services of a corps of rifles at Cluues. The corps will be called the Clunes De tachment, 2nd Ballarat Eifle Corps. Its date of establishment will be from the 1st inst. The Queeensland Government has agreed to accept Bishop Bugnion's offer for the introduction of Mennonites, with certain modifications. These immigrants will pro bably reach Queeensland next winter. Edward Darling, a pensioned policeman, committed suicide on Saturday afternoon, by drowning himself. The Benalla correspondent of the Herald says: — Important revelations in connection with the Kellys are expected shortly. There are various rumors afloat, and con siderable excitement is the result. A gun used at Grafton to announce the arrival of the steamers has exploded,- kill- . ing a sailor and wounding several other persons. u The Murray is rising at Echuca, and is now nearly nineteen feet above summer level. The wool steamers are coming in rapidly, all heavily laden, and business at the wharf is consequently very brisk. Six twenty-ton Armstrong guns were landed at Gibraltar on the ISth August, and were afterwards loaded on lighters to Tan- giers for.the new batteries. This matter has been bitterly commented upon in Span- ish newspapers. At the conclusion of a paragraph defend ing the ball-room, our Donald contemporary has the following If it had not been for a ball we should never have had a wife or three future editors or printers of the Donald Times." A strange whitey-brown tribe of half-casto natives have been discovered on tho Liver pool Eiver, Queensland. Miss A. D. Bowen, daughter of our late Governor, has been married at Mauritius to Mr Allen Campbell, son of the Hon. W. Campbell, M.L.C. Mr W. J. Clarke, who is now in Sydney, contemplates purchasing a beautiful estate on the shores of Port Jackson, with a view of permanently residing there. The contract recently accepted by the Eailway department for the supply of 42,000 tons of steel rails and 1400 tons of steel fish-bolts, appears (says the Age) to have been let at a most opportune time. A large advance in the price of steel rails has since taken place in the English market, representing an increase upon the contrac tors' tender of £66,000. In 1877 the total number of Roman Catholics in the colony was estimated at 202,644, as compared with a population of 894,870. The Catholics are therefore about one-fourth of the population. A gallant rescue from drowning by a mere child is an occurrence of interest which deserves special, mention, and we ( North Eastern- Ensign) trust the following facts will be brought under the - notice of the Humane Society. Oh Friday last, as -the children were returning home from the State school across the Broken Eiver, a little girl named Charlotte Harris, instead of going by the bridge, endeavoured to cross a log at the rear of the Mechanics' Institute. The log was submerged, and the child took off her boots and stockings, but had only got to mid-stream when she slipped into the deep water. One of her school companions, a little girl named Lizzie Guppy, the brave little twelve-year- old daughter of Mr Walter Guppy, presi dent of the farmers' union; was, however, equal to the occasion, and without fear plunged in, without divesting herself of any of her clothing, and swam to the rescue of the drowning child, who had already been down twice when seized by her pre server and carried- to shore. This action on the part of Miss Guppy certainly merits the gold medal at least of the Humane So ciety, and we trust the president of the shire,, or some other gentleman, will take steps to recommend the little girl to the no tice of the council of that association. It will please heads of families to learn (says the Gippsland Times) that " the People's Ministry have added 50 per cent, to the price of brown soap, and havo doubled the duty on pearl and Scotch bar ley. A two shilling bottle of patent medi cine or box of pills is for the future to cost two and sixpence. Castor and other oils are to pay a duty of one shillling a gallon. An importing firm in Melbourne, whose astuteness partakes of tho supernatural, has during the last few weeks been buying up all the oil in the market. This shilling duty will, it is said, secure them a profit of £4000 on their speculation — -tho £4000, of course coming out of the pockets of the consumers of the oil. The Geelong Advertiser states that on Saturday afternoon Mrs Fullagher, wife of the head teacher of the Little Eiver State School, attempted to commit suicide by cutting her throat with a knife. Mrs Ful lagher succeeded in severing the windpipe and inflicting a very severe gash in her throat, and she lost a large quantity of blood. Dr Piucott was sent for, and he went from Geelong immediately and stitched up the wound. Mrs Fullagher was ex tremely weak from loss of blood, and on Saturday evening she tyas nt expected to |Y<V A "Wagga telegram, dated Friday last, says : — A man named Murray was com mitted for trial at Narandera this morn ing to the next Circuit Court at Wagga, for robbery and attempt to murder Henry Smith. The latter lies in a precarious con dition. Ho received a wound in the fore head, two wounds in the neck, and a wound in the ribs, inflicted by a kuife. The. prisoner said he knew nothing about it Th'e-depositions of Smith, taken yesterday - fully indentified Murray as the man who attempted to murder him. Credit is due to the police for their prompt action. \- In the Brighton district, Tasmania, there are raspberry canes 10 feet high.- From 20 acres 40 tons of the fruit were sent to mar ket. On the same estate is a red-currant tree 26 feet high, which last season gave 10 bushels. Tho black curra-nts are as largo as damsons, and the raspberries like mul berries in size. In reply to a deputation from residents of the northern district, introduced by Mr Casey, the Minister of Mines stated that a sum of £4,000 had been placed on the esti mates for goldfields reserviors. The vote would, however, be altered so as to assist local bodies to the extent of £1 for £1 in the carrying out of any irrigation scheme, and provided the deputation forwarded to the department their plans for a proposed dam on the Eiver Loddon, their application for assistance would receive every consi deration. An Executive Council was held at the Treasury on Friday morning for the pur pose of further considering the case of the condemned man Laurence. All the mem bers were present except Mr Berry. A numerously-signed petition was received from Ballarat, asking for the man's re prieve, and the report of Drs. Graham and and Williams was also brought before the Council. After a long deliberation it was decided that as there were grounds for the belief that the man was in such a state of mind as not to be accountable for his act at the time when the deed was committed, the capital sentence should not be carried out. The sentence was commuted to imprison ment for life. A memorandum from the Governor, conveying the intimation of the commutation of the sentence, was read to the prisoner in the presence of his wife, by the governor of the gaol, in the course of the afternoon. Laurence received the inti mation calmly, but remarked that he had expected "something better." The gaol officials believe that the man is now in a perfectly sound state of mind, his demeanor whilst in gaol, according to their opinion, having been that of a rational person. In noticing the conference of the farmers unions, the Ballarat Star says The farmers, through their unions, will we hope, investigate all questions which affect them, and one of the first questions must be that of protective duties on the commodities used by the farmers. For example, why should there be a duty on reapers and bin ders, or on agricultural machinery ? Why should the farmers pay on the implements of his trade ? If these implements are thereby made cheaper or better, the farmer will not grumble, but he must be allowed to form this opinion on the facts, and an swer the questions for himself. If the an swer is, as it surely will be, that they are neither better nor cheaper, then the whole flimsy protective edifice will fall to pieces, for if the theory as to cheapness is dis proved, all is disproved. All this means that the farmers' unions must be political within their spheres, and that they can have no power except what is derived from po litical action. Those who advise the far mers to neglect their own interests for fear they should damageany political party what ever, advise them to sink back into the servitude from which they are now escap ing." Mr Joshua Dyason recently wrote to the Governor urging settlement of an old claim he has against the Government. In the letter he stated that in 1854, 14 of his horses were impressed for state service by a party of police in pursuit of bushrangers, who had attacked and robbed a gold escort. The horses were kept for more than isix weeks, and were then returned in a condition to tally unfitted for work, and in consequence of being deprived for some time of the use of tho animals he sustained great loss. He has, he states, made repeated but vain ap plications to successive Governments for compensation. On the 11th inst., Captain Le Patourel, private secretary to the Go vernor, wrote to Mr Dyason by direction of His Excellency, informing him that his letter " was referred to the Premier, who has advised His Excellency that the claim cannot be entertained." The Echuca Advertiser states that ano ther case of garroting has occurred in that town. About 1 o'clock on Tuesday morn ing, the attention of Constable Harris and Hannan was directed to a cry of " murder" in High street. They proceeded to the spot indicated, which was near the --Duke ot Jttain burgh hotel. They found a man on the ground, with another one lean ing over him. Another man made his es cape previous to the constables coming up. -The would-be robber was arrested, and proved to be a man named William Jones. The man on the ground was John Tipper, a farmer, residing at Gunbower. The latter had been drinking in tho Steampacket hotel, and when he left 'was followed by Jones, who had also been in the hotel. When Tipper got in the dark, Jones put his arm around his neck, nearly chocked him, and brought him heavily to the ground, when he was disturbed by the police. Jones was brought before the Police Court on Tues day, and remanded until the 14th inst. While the case was before the Court, Jones fell down in a fit, but soon came round. The second man concerned in the case — Arthur Calluin — was arrested by Constable Pike on Tuesday night. He was brought up on Wednesday, and also remanded un til the 14th inst. In noticing Sir Samuel Wilson's remarks! — on the course of study at the Melbourne University — on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of tho Wilson -hall the Sydney Morning Herald says : — " Everybody knows that there are plenty of scholars whose Latin and Greek have done little to prepare them for the practical business of life, and that if the end of edu cation is to fit men for the part they are to play in the world, that end is very partially accomplished by a great deal of the train ing that is received at the universities. Days were when the languages of Greece and Eome were the only avenues to their literature, but such days have gone. The progress of the world has necessitated a geueral acquaintance with a number of sub jects which, though possibly of less impor tance to some persons than the dead lan guages, or of more importance to others. It is a matter of far more moment that a cer tain class of men should know the mo dern languages, than that they should know the ancient ones. Such being the case it is exceedingly desirable that the basis of modern Universities should be sufficiently broadened to give their students not only what they waut, but they most waut. It is not necessary that Latin aud Greek should be dropped, but they might be made optional, and this is probably what they will have to be made at no distant date. Universities, like other things, will have to learn to adapt themselves to the needs cf the ages for which they are supposed to provide," Diphtheria is just now rife at Scarsdale, a child belonging to Mr Chadwick, of tho National Bank, being afflicted the third time this season therewith. It was hitherto supposed that if a child recovered from tho disease it would be free therefrom thereafter, but it would appear that such is not the case. The Church of England Messenger says : — " We have authority for stating that the RevJS. C. Kent, the well-known minister of the Independent congregation in Vic toria-parade, is shortly to be admitted to holy orders by the Bishop of Melbourne. It is not yet determined to what field of labour Mr Kent will be appointed." A rather curious circumstance, says the " E. C. Tribune," was reported on Satur day last as having occurred at Messrs Fan ning and Nankivell's station, being the death of a horse caused by snake-bite. The horse was seen with something hanging pendant from its neck, but no notice was taken of it, and it was thought to be only a piece of rope, but, as the informant states, the horse was seen shortly afterwards lying dead with tho snake still attached. It is not stated, but may be taken for granted, that the ghost of the reptile was given up. A sad ending to a veteran's career was disclosed at the Coburg Police Court on Thursday, when an old man, who gave his "age as seventy-flight, was brought up and charged with soliciting alms. He stated that lie was at the siege of Acre, in 1840, on board the flagship of Admiral Charles Napier, and that in subsequent years he was on board the fleet engaged in the sup pression of pirates on the coast of Africa. He was severely wounded at different times. After leaving the navy he entered the mer chant service, and remained there until age prevented him continuing any longer. He was unable now to obtain his living. The bench regretted that some provision could not be made for such an old man. They had no alternative but to send him to gaol for fourteen days. A shocking accident happened (reports the Ballarat Star) about "noon on Thurs day, in the shaft of the Corn ' Exchange Company, Sailors' Gully, whereby the life of a miner named John Howitson has been -seriously endangered. Howitson was about completing; a job of slabbing in the shaft, and was waiting on a small stage suspended over 120 feet from the surface for another slab to be sent down to him in the bucket, when the slab which had been put into the bucket resting on the edge of the shaft- overbalanced itself and fell to the bottom. Unfortunately, on its way down its struck the helpless man suspended- in the shaft, and inflicted a fearful wound oh his left temple, besides breaking his left arm in two places. As soon as possible the in jured. man was removed to the hospital, , when -he was found to be suffering from a comminuted fracture of the skull, and seve ral pieces of bone were removed from the. wound. The London correspondent of the Ben- digo Advertiser contributes the following : — Apropos of fruit, I lately heard a rather good story of the late Lord Glengall, noted in his day for his hot-houses and splendid grapes. Having invited some friends to dine on one occasion, he asked his gardener to send a few fine bunches for the table. The gardener told him there were none at all fit at present to place before his guests, so his lordship went to Covent Garden to see what he could purchase. In the mar- - ket he noticed some particularly fine ones, but the price asked being rather high he demurred and asked why they were so dear. The shopman replied that the gentleman who grew them spared no expense in their cultivation, and that his grapes always com manded a higher price than others. " Who may this gentleman be ?" asked his lord ship. "Lord Glengall," was the reply. Whereupon Lord Glengall purchased some, and received a receipted bill certifying where they had come from. The sequel may be guessed. - Friday's Pleasant Creel- Hews states: — " In the number of the Home Hews just received by the mail there appears an an nouncement which is of great importance to the residents of Stawell. In the list of realised 'wills and bequests' there appear the particulars of the proof of the will of Mrs Vernon Harcoust, late Swenton Park, Yorkshire, whose property has been sworn to as under £250, (X)0. The heir under the will is stated to be Mr George Affleck, whose eldest son is well and favourably known _ here to many. The conditions stated in the will are such as to render it certain that our townsman is the next heir- in-laW; to this, immense property. Although never making any. great talk here about his expectations from the old country, Mr Af fleck is not taken altogether by surprise at the good fortune that has opened to himself and his family. The Ballarat Star writes: — A sudden death occurred at 102 Errard street south, under very suspicious 'circumstances, on Thursday night. A widow named Mrs Harrington, who had been suffering from internal pains for some time past, sent her daughter on that evening to the shop of Mr Mortensen, chemist, Skipton street, for the purpose of procuring some " worm powders" and the girl brought back two, one of which her mother mixed up with some hot water and allowed her children to taste. They finding it bitter, spat the mixture out, and Mrs Harrington soon afterwards drank what was left, remarking to a lodger at the time that it had a peculiar taste. This was at S o'clock. The lodger then' went out, and returning home shortly before 9 o'clock found to his surprise that Mrs Harrington had died a quarter of an hour previously. Dr Kadchffe was sent for, and having seen the remaining powder, a brown-looking mixture, recommended that it should be given up the police, which was accordingly done. On Friday Dr. Badcliffe, assisted by Dr Bunce, made a post- mortem examination of the deceased's body, and finding traces of poison in tho stomach decided to send it for analysis to the Government analyst. The idea of being poisoned by cold pie seems too ridiculous to be entertained for one moment (says the European Mail), yet a careful analysis of the body of William Corbett, saloon steward on board the troop ship Tamar, shows the deceased to havo died oi choleric diarrhoea, induced by mephitio poisoning, possibly caused, the medical men assert, " by a pigeon pie." Poisonous changes, it appears, take place in cold pies, and especially in those made with game, by simply keeping or laying by for some time. The fact cannot be too widely known. The Secretary for Education has for warded to the Bishop of Melbourne the reply of the department to his application with reference to religious teaching in State schools. The secretary points out that the adoption of the Bishop's proposals would involve an alteration of the act, which the Minister is not at present prepared to under take. He is of opinion that the country is entirely opposed to any interference with the act, and his views in this respect hare been confirmed by a resolution recently passed by the conference of school boards of advice. The secretary reiterates the statement already made on several occasions by Mr V . Col lard Smith that the depart ment will at all times afford every facility for the imparting of religious instruction in State schools after the ordinary school hours, An interview took place in Melbourne Saturday afternoon between Mr r- n Lansell and a deputation of four from Sandhurst, in reference to tho r» 618 minors' strike. The deputation asked V Lansell to, oppose the proposed reduet; of miners' wages from £2 5s. to £2'9S week. Mr LansgU, in the ' course J1 lengthened written reply, said hitherto h had refused to. assist in a reduction t wages ; now; he had agreed no E to out a reduction. In the present state of thi he did not see how wages were to be ? up, and it struck him that unless some? cal reform took place there would be neith employment nor wages. He did not? how even 42s could be paid if some chan did not come, or was made. The compa with few exceptions, had no reserve fund3' Calls were not so freely madeasthev be, the banks charged high interest J j even at that they did not like lendina7 mining companies. He thought that0? working miners should pause before ti, refused even 42s. If the miners insS on having 45s. in the face of the evV? state of things, he feared that very few- deed would be employed, for the J: reason that there would not be tlm forthcoming. He advised the miners 7a take the 42s. and to do their best to alte the present state of affairs. Mr Jfj expressed himself strongly in reference to the Government nnder which we are suffer ing, and the injury which is being dailv inflcted on the mining community under the present tariff. The members of the deputation, who were working miners n dorsed Mr Lansell' s views in reference to the political ' aspect of the question, and one of them plainly stated that he blamed the fiscal policy of the present Government for much of the depression in mining, and hoped that the Vorking men would not in future be so easily led away. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes A letter from a Benalla friend mysteriously hints that something, has turned up about the Kelly's, and leads 'one to infer that some person connected with' the band has turned traitor. I have heard so much of these " some- things" thatlprefer waiting for" develop ments." A number of Benalla people were down last week, and I had a conversation with them. They stated positively that the Kellys are not only in Victoria but that they have been as comfortably housed all the winter as any resident of Melbourne, and that early in the summer they will be hoard of. One of these gentlemen partially acknowledged that if it were not for the Kellys the North-eastern district would be in a bad way. They have made up for the loss through rust. He said he had netted £500 through them in his own business. In such circumstances we may reasonably imagine that the Benalla business folks am not oyer eager to have the Kellys caught. A somewhat clever swindle (says Friday's' Geelong Evening Star) was perpetrated by a gentlemanly-looking personage on the Eail way Department during the last few days. He gave the name of Hughes, said he was the Commissioner of Railways for South Australia, and was travelling through the colony to inspect the lines. On Wednes day he went to Stawell, and was feted by the people of Ararat, and came down from Ballarat to Geelong yesterday. On the road down he obtained a seat in the guard's van, and became very chatty on the su periority of the Victorian arrangements over those of South Australia. At Lai Lai he got into the mail van, and here too greatly admired the manner in which the work was carried out. At Geelong he introduced himself to Mr Sinclair, the statdomnaster, who showed him over the new station, and the general working of the railways, in all of which the " Commis sioner " appeared to take deep interest. By this time reports had reached head-quarters, and suspicions were entertained that all was not straight, and a telegram was des- to Adelaide. A reply was immediately re turned that Hughes was a discharged rail way employe of that colony ; and as soon as the midday train reached North Mel bourne the pass was taken from him, but, strange to say, he was allowed to go about his business. Patrick J. Hayes, the Colonial Bank clerk, charged, with stealing £100 from that institution, was brought up at the city court yesterday morning, and pleaded guilty. Mr Moule prosecuted, and Mr Quinlan defended. Mr Monle stated that the prisoner haying admitted his crime, the bank wished.him to be dealt with, as lightly as possible. . Mr Quinlan added that the prisoner's father had made full restitution to the bank, and that the "universal curse of drink " was accountable for the ruin of this young man. Mr Call said the Bench would deal with him leniently, and sen tenced him to three months' imprisonment. A woman named Morris, accused of felo niously receiving £20 of the stolen money, was discharged, the money having been given up.—Merald. Mr Sadgrove, the head teacher of the Aberdeen street State-school, has submitted to the local board of advice (with the view of having .the matter brought under the notice of the Minister of Education), a pro posal to give a boy, on. leaving school, a certificate as to his moral' "character. He suggested the adoption of the following form : — " Certificate of moral character.— This is to certify that has been a pupil of this school for — years — months, and that during that time — a, his attendance has been (regular and punctual) ; b, his at tainments are equal to class - — , section ; c, his attention to duties (exemplary) ; d, his moral character, as observed, is as follows : — Observance of discipline (g<xw 5 behavior to teachers (respectful) ; behavior to fellow scholars (kind and conciliatory); general summary . . . Dated at ' school, this — day of — -, 7! Head Teacher." The advantages arising from the knowledge that such a documen might be possessed would be that it woui act as an incentive to patient- industry an good conduct : it would be instruments repressing undesirable tendencies and sum - lating good ones ? it would be a recogm" o of the moral power and responsibility. teachers ; it would be a recognition by State of the value of moral character, an it would be a help to a boy when Lavi 0 school and entering upon the battle ot He suggested that the certificate sho- aid printed on parchment, and that the ne teacher should be directed to give one in cases where mini Is were leaving scnOO go into employment. — Daily Telegraph. The London Guardian (organ ot Church of England) of 13th August, has a very able article on " Modern Materialism, which concludes thus : — " Thus are convinced that materialism may be me tlie grounds of reason, of conscience, of affections. But it is essential tka should be met. It is a great power, an ' most dangerous one. It can assume m - varied and unexpected forms. It can en - into our very worship, and infect our cree. It can revel in the luxuries of the UL » whilst it makes common cause with t discontent of the poor. It can mae mankind an easy path, and offer a seenu solution for the most difficult problems existence. But it is the deadliest alike of the intellect and of the affection It denies God, it degrades man ; it 15 . small thing to say that it strips him or faith, when, in very truth, it divests him his manhQod, iu ttat it roLs him of his svm 1 