The Working "Miners Company, Home- bush, obtained a yield of 320 oz. 1 dwt. for the last fortnight. " Air Avison" informed ns yesterday that William Kellett (known as " Big Bill") is an inmate of tho Maryborough Hospital, not the Amherst Hospital as we stated in a paragraph a few: days ago. " We hear that his eye has not been taken out, and that he is improving as well as can be expected, considering the nature of his injury . Mr Joseph Bailey-informs farmers that ho ,1mA soiiie good hahd- thrcshed seed wheat for sale. ' .. T The lists of the Art Union of Yictoria "will close ' on Tuesday, April 8, and .the, drawing will. takevplace on the following Thursday. A subscription of £1 Is. con fers' the riofht to one chance in the ' distribu- tion. of. prizes, and entitles the subscriber to a ekromo-lithograpli of Mr John? GMly's picture . " Mount Aspiring." , Tickets, can bb obtained ; f rom : ;J; UF; Paten, the local | agent. 'U : ' 'U' j ' , ; ; The application of Louisa Maddison, Nat-to Yallock, for a license undef tlie Land Act, has been approved. ' ; i : : The accounts of: the Lexton, cemetery are published as followsI—Beeeipts— Balance, . £42 os .'10d ; fees for graves, £7 1.5s ;; total, £50 0s. 10. Expenditure Salaries— £3 3s ; office expenses, 6s. lOd ; works £38 Is. 6d ; balance, £8 .9s. 6d ; total £50 0s: lOd. ' ; " _ The cricket match "between .Amphitheatre and Avoca did not take place on Saturday, as the; Amphitheatre team were, unable to keep their appointment. .. The residents of Landsborough recently ' made an appeal to the Inspector General of the London Chartered Bank not to close the bank's local branch. Tho request has not been complied with, for the reason that " the isolated position of Landsborough places the property of the corporation and the lives of its officers in danger." The AiB.C. Guide for April has reached us. It: contains,, amongst a large amount of other interesting matter, the railway time tables and road guides for all. the colonies, the -overland routes, postal guides,, etc. Price sixpence. . : - ; " , ' The salo of Mr Randall's house, ' orchard, cattle, etc., will take place on -Friday. next. The trustees, of the Avoca ' cemetery in vite .tenders for . a two-railed ' and paling fence for three sides of the cemetery.- . . The Minister of Railways and. Messrs Grant and Davies intend visiting- East Charlton shortly to inspect the route; of the proposed railway! fo that locality. ' Mr Matthew Burnett : has has obtained over 500 signatures to the temperance pledge during his visit to-Echuca. A further report from Blackall states that Sub-inspectors Kayo and Gcugh, who were reported to have died from thirst' in the hack country, have arrived safely at Jundah. They report the death of Trooper Miller and a black boy. The Rev. Thomas C. Cole, a well known clergyman of the Church of England, com mitted suicide at Hawthorn on Friday by strangling himself with a silk pocket handkerchief. There are twelve candidates in the field for a vacant scat at the Castlemaine Min ing Board. A black ghost, it is said, haunts the rail way line between Maryborough and Caris- brook. An old man named Christenscn hanged himself in his bedroom at Sandhurst on Sunday night. The Rev. H. T. Tranmar of the ; Church of England, Talbot, has been appointed to the church at Egerton. It is believed that the Rev. J. Wagg (formerly of Colac) will be the now incumbent of Talbot. " Professor Cavill intends holding a swim ming- tournament on the river Murray. The Afoo York Herald thinks that the best way to dispose of the superabundant Chinese population is to teach the China men how to aid kitchen fires with kerosene. An outbreak of scarlet fever has occurred in the Ararat district. Tho big guns for dcEencc purposes have been landed at Wellington from the Lor raine. They are two sizes, seven and' three tons, all muzzle-loaders. Sir Hercules Robinson, the new Governor of New Zealand, arrived at Wellington on Thursday and met with a cordial reception. A valuable horse was bitten by . a tiger snake, at Echuca on Thursday and died in twenty minutes. . - , A woll equipped expedition has started for New Guinea ."'from Sydney, in the schooner Sadie F. /Caller. The party is provisioned for twelve months. The Rev. J. W. Inglis, of Ballarat, has returned from a very successful lecturing tour in New Zealand. : Two butchers named Bird and S wain held a competition at Mysiaa few days ago. Each killed and dressed three sheep in 13 mi nutes, or an average of minutes 'per sheep, the prize was awarded to Swain, who had more neatly performed his work. At a meeting of the congregation of the East Melbourne Unitarian Church on Tues day last it was. annouueed'that the church was in debt to the extent of £100. The congregation is a small one, but the amount required was at one subscribed. Parliament has been further prorogued until the 23rd May. The Government Statist's monthly report estimates the population of Melbourne and suburbs at 250,678. ' A handsomely illuminated and framed address was presented to the Hon W. J. Clarke on Friday, by the combined agri- cultural societies of the colony, in recogni tion of his many public acts of benevolence and generosity. There was a large atten dance and the presentation was made by His Excellency the Governor. A hew journal, the Victorian Freemason, will shortly be published in the interests of Freemasonry. It is said that foundered or hoof -bound horses may he wonderfully benefited by pouring brine upon the bottoms of the feet and washing the legs with it. The largest andmost costly bridge in Aus tralia is said to be one over the Murray con structed by the South Australian Govern ment. It is 604 feet long and the roadway, is 22 feet wide. . There are more boys than girls born in Great Britain but tbere are still a million more women than men in the kingdom. A switch of hair was sold in Paris lately for £100. It was snow white, and a yard and a quarter long. . A counter is being erected at the general post office instead- of the pigeon-holes at the inquiry window. The several Government departments are now busy preparing the estimates for the coming year. It is said that " Captain Moonlight," who has just "been released from Pentridge, will lecture in the Academy of Music, Ballarat, on " Pentridge, the University of Crime." The railway to Oakleigh will be opened by His Excellency the Governor to-mor row. The railway department on Friday ac cepted the tender of Messrs A. Harkness and Co., of Sandhurst, for the construction of thirty- nine double-bogie goods waggons. The total amount of the tender was £9337 10s. The Wonga "Wonga and several other ves sels are to be used as floating. hotels to ac commodate visitors to the Sydney Exhibi- tion. - Tlie South Australian agricultural statis tics state the yield of wheat for last season at 7 bushels 9 lb per acre against 7 bushels 46 lb per acre for tbe previous season. Foley, tho pugilist, with Mace and Thompson, had an enthusiastic reception on tlieir arrival at Sydney on Tuesday, and champagne flowed freely. At the festivities the health of the Victorian police was drunk, but'in silence. Rush is highly spoken of for the boat- race between liim and Lay cock; He has mastered the sliding seat, and is in splendid condition. The N.S.W. Government has censured Judge Meynoit for stopping - at - the house of a man in whose favor he has since given five important judgments. - A man named Balfour fell olf the wharf at Eehuea, a distance of aHout fifty feet, and was picked np dead. . He -leaves a wife and four children. Tkomas. Gidley;. a. railway porter, has \- been arrested on a charge of concealing the finding of a lady's gold watch in a railway carriage a month ago. A member of the Bendigo Rifle Corps, .named Ferrari, struck a boy named Ander- soil on the head with the stock of his rifle on Thursday. The boy, who is not expected to recover, was chaffing Ferrari at the time. Ferrari has been arrested. The selectors on the Towaninnie Plains use the squatters' tanks for water, but re fuse to bear any of the cost of cleansing them. It is probable that the water will be stopped, in which case it is most likely that- selection will stop also. > A new dredge, the Bunyip, has been built at Glasgow for the Melbourne Har bor Trust. : ; - An inquiry lias been held at Yakohama into the abandonment of the Dove schooner by the New Guinea Expedition. The court found that that the .master and crew had done all they could to save tho ship and were justified in abandoning her. , The Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Northern Queensland, preached in St. Jude' s Church , Carlton, on Sunday. Another very successful trial of the Brennan torpedo was made on Friday.. As showing the increase of crime in Mel bourne, it is stated that 212 cases passed through the city police; court last. week. Exclusive of drunkards, the highest num ber of prisoners sent to gaol in one day was 30 and the lowest number 19. /' The >om ploy 6s of tho Melbourne .public library were exercised in fire brigade prac tice on Saturday witli a view to the protec tion of the institution from fire. - i The last remittance from Victoria for re lief of -the Chinese famine has been ac knowledged. The total amount raised in Victoria for this fund .was £3,828 ISs 2d. The table d'hote of tho Victoria Club was last week graced for the first time with a fine sample of English trout from the Moorabool, caught with tho fly. They were the result of an afternoon's sport by Mr C. W. Gibson, of Ballarat. The premises of C. Patin and Co., Mel bourne, were burglariously entered on Sun day morning, and fancy goods to the amount- of £150 were stolen. The burglars were afterwards arrested and the whole of the property recovered. A female infant was found in tho Flag- . staff gardens on . Eriday night by a lady named Mrs Busino. The little waif was taken before the court and remanded for a week. The diamond drill at Sandhurst, under the management of our old townsman, Mr- Newman, is now working satisfactorily. V The valentine sent by Queen Victoria to her mother, the Duchess of Kent, is;one/. of the curiosities to be seen at the / Sand hurst exhibition. V-- A lot of single girls who arrived in New Zealand by the immigrant ship Hudson have been engaged at higher rates than on any previous occasion, /'ranging -from AOs to/ 20s per week. % A rise of three feet has .taken /placb'in the Murray River at Echuca, attributed to heavy rains on the mountains, above Albury; The agents of tho San Francisco mail service have arranged for passengers hav ing through tickets to stop, if they desire, at Auckland, Honolulu, and Americafrom one to six months. Somo indignation has been /expressed in Melbourne at the action of the Government in setting a large number of -men to work on Sunday to prepare the railway station for the reception of the Gippsland traffic. " A well-to-do farmer of Camber well, named Thomas Bevan, committed suicide on Saturday by hanging himself from a beam in his storeroom. A short time pre vious he had been conversing with one of his sons about the Rev., Mr. Cole's suicide./ Somo alterations are about to he made at, the Maryborough railway station "with a-; view of increasing the accommodation. It is stated that Mr Edward Monk, of; the "Wombat Sawmills, has received another; threatening letter from tlie Kelly sympa thisers. A pleasure boat capsized in "Sydney har bour on Sunday, and a lady and two" gentle men were thereby placed in"a very precarious position in the water for three-quarters of; an hour before assistance arrived. One of; the gentlemen had his _ arm : broken while assisting the lady. . ; Mdlle. Charbonnet, /'a newly arrived French pianiste, gave her first concert ia Melbourne on Saturday last, and was well received. ,r;: - Mr Nichetts, a Victorian mining specu lator, has been visiting the Barrington gold- fields, N.S.W., and has written a good ac count of them to his friends in Victoria. Several publicans have been fined in tbe Metropolitan district recently for Sunday trading. y" It has long been an object with the Go vernment (says the Age) to train a good crew of seamen to handle the Nelson, and an opportunity now presents itself . It has been suggested that the Nelsom.be. sent round to Sydney, with tho exhibits" "for the Sydney Exhibition, as a mark of federal and intercolonial sympathy, and in the same spirit that she first proceed to Hobart Town to receive the Tasmanian : exhibits, and then to Adelaide to receive the South Australian, finally taking her departure from Port Phillip, with those and the Victorian ones. The details are not yet considered, but it is further proposed that the Nelson should then return, and convey the commissioners to the opening of the Sydney Exhibition, and be the head-quar ters of the Victorian Commissioners in the harbor of Sydney. , , Sir B. O'Loglilen has received ; a letter from Sir George Bowen," dated - 2Stb Feb ruary, and written on board the Siani" at King George's Sound. Sir George says — I request that you will let it be publicly known that Lady Bowen and; I -.are deeply . gratified by the enthusiasm and affectionato farewell afforded to ns by the people of Melbourne on the occasion of our departure. We shall always love the country, and heartily desire its welfare and happiness of all its inhabitants." Cricket is evidently strong in Australia, and'getting stronger (says the Pall Mall Budget). Lord Harris's English eleven has been beaten by the Australian team that visited England by ten wickets, and though the Englishmen are weak in bowling, this must be looked on as ' an excellent perfor mance. On the other-hand, the victorious Australians themselves met with a down fall at the hands of fifteen" "o'f their own people in Sydney, by whom they were beaten in one innings. Accidents to two of tho champion eleven had something to do with this defeat ; hut for all. that the aver age excellence of the cricketers in New South Wales, as well as in' Victoria, is pro- bably a good deal higher than in most Eng lish counties. Bowling and fielding are as much looked after as they are by- the Not tingham players, and there is rarely to be seen that -laziness on the. pa,rfc of young . cricketers which so of tenmars a good eleven . at home.. The successful transplantation of the game is the more to he wondered at as the Australian climate in summer is al most too hot for its proper enj oymenf/" Henry Trimlett, a miner from the Mary borough district, appeared in the City Court- on Saturday charged with assaulting - Con stable Cain whilst on the execution of liis- duty. The constable swore that the defen dant had been guilty of very insulting con duct on the previous night, and when inter fered with had assaulted him. . The . man had evidently been rntlier severely handled. He and his mate stated that the constable acted in a most extraordinary manner. They were strangers in the town, and Trim lett asked the constable where the Russian Restaurant was. The constable at once turned round and struck him several times with his baton. The case was remanded for further inquiry. — Age. Among the effects of a drought which have forced themselves on the notice of the people of the Stawell district, there is one which is not unimportant. A. gentleman who has an intimate knowledge of the country to the northward tells us, says the' Chronicle, that in all directions the silver wattle is dead and dying from want of mois ture. . Young saplings have suffered most severely, and in some of tho localities where these highly ornamental and at the same time useful trees have hitherto flourished, they are now likely to become almost if not altogether extinct. A telegram in last night's Herald says :' — The New South Wales police have at last takon action in reference to tho prize fight which recently took place on the side of tho River Murray between Foley, of Sydney, and Hickou, of Melbourne. Foley, the victor, with his second, Mace, and John Thompson, arrived here late on Friday night, in the Ly-ee-moon, but the police at that time made no sign. The trio were allowed to enjoy themselves as they listed on Saturday and yesterday, but this morning the detectives, armed with /'the ne cessary wax-rants, went to Tattersall's Hotel, and arrested Macc and Thompson, on a; charge of aiding and abetting at a breach of the peace. Foley was not there at the time, hut he came in soon afterwards, and was also arrested, the charge against him being that of committing a breach 'of the peace. The three were at once taken before tho magistrates on the bench at the Central Police Court, and evidence of the arrest having been given, they were remanded to appear at Deniliquin on the 9th April. Bail was allowed to each defendant, himself in £100, and two sureties in £50 each. The proceedings are regarded as purely formal, and not likely to lead to any serious out- come, especially as the result of the .fight is undoubtedly popular in this colony. A series of three grand benefits haVe been arranged, being one or each of the princi pals, and a joint one for Mace and Thomp-. son. The first takes place to-night, and the others during tho week, I Baron Munchausen appears to hayO/' a- rival, in this district (says the Ararat Ad - ver,tiser) who bids" fair to eclipse some of the very wonderful incidents related by that most remarkable of men, if the follow ing story, which was given with an unim- passioned iinpressiveness that evinced how implicitly the narrator confided in its feasi bility, is to be considered as a fair sample. The gentlemen alluded to is the owner of a very fine dog, -remarkable alike for the keen ness of its instinct and the complex variety of its breed. ; It is said to ho somewhat of .a Scotch collie, but any attempt to desig nate its ancestry could only be considered -as the conjecture of a fertile mind. Still the dog is valuable, and merely requires to be told to go out and catch a hare and be fore long lie returns with its quarry. Its abilities are displayed more in its stratagem than its agility, as instead of attempting to rim down those he finds already on foot, he worries round until he discovers one on its seat and then by a fiauk movement secures his prey, which he carries home in his mouth. A few days ago tlie owner was giving a friend . a practical illustration of the dog's cunning, when just as the dog was creeping up to a hare they were surprised to find it suddenly stop, turn tail and run. They were still more surprised, however, when the cause became apparent — a fine strong hare was in full pursuit; and before many yards were run, another hare joined in the hunt. ' A most exciting' chase ensued, the inverted coursing continuing for some time, the dog displaying an amount of foot of which it was hitherto quite un suspected, uutil at last it took refuge in a waterkole and thus baffled its pursuers. It is not stated that the dog received any in juries by bites, but no inducement how . seems sufficiently strong to coax him out hunting.: : f A hoiue paper just received by the! mail says : — "Not;a gold piece has been struck by the Royal Mint since last June, for the mints of Sydney and Melbourne keep the Bank- r of England amply, supplied -with Australian sovereigns, which, though of a slightly paler color, are in intrinsic, value of the metal slightly more . valuable for many purposes than the Californian gold, which is of a darker .tint.. It may- he added that no -less than 40,000oz of gold are said to be consumed in a year in this -country in the : mauufacteur of jewellery, gilding, \- porcelain;; picture frames, and other - deco rative work;" The Minister of Lands was waited upon on Friday by MrDow, M.L.A., who wished to urge upon him the extreme straits to "which: the selectors in his district were re duced on account of the want of water, and espcciaUy!those located on the: plains north of St. Arnaud. Mr Dow pointed out that the. country referred to was peculiar in its character in that most of the wells hitherto sunk had only given salt and brackish water; but he was convinced from a study of the country that there was underlying the salt water an abundant supply of fresh water. If the Minister, he suggested, were to send up a party with one of "Wright and Ed wards's water-augers to put down some trial well's, he felt convinced; that the fresh water would be found ; and the matter hav ing been thus shown to be a certainty by test wells, the selectors would -then pro ceed to put down wells everywhere for their own use. The water-auger referred to was adapted for the purpose, inasmuch as, by its system of piping as it went down, it could sink through objectionable layers of water until it reached the proper supply. Mr Longmore said his thoughts had already been dwelling upon the desirability of some such steps being taken, and he promised to communicate at once with Messrs. Wright and Edwards on the subject. If he could arrange matters by contract or otherwise, he would take steps to sink some test wells in the St. Arnaud district at once, and fur ther extend similar operations in a belt ex tending at intervals from the Goulburn to the Wimmera. Mr Dow, in thanking Mr Longmore, expressed liis opinion that prompt steps taken in that matter .would prove of inestimable service to the new set tlements of the colony at the present time. —Age. -. Sir George Bowen's farewell to "Victoria is (says the Pall - Mall Budget) in a far better tone than some of his earlier speeches, and it were to be wished that he had throughout taken the same wide view of Australian politics which he here proclaims. It is -undoubtedly tlm Tact that if Australia Were considered as a whole, and a Dominion could be formed, this cluster of colonies would represent a powerful and wealthy state. . Though the total population would little exceed 2,000,000, it maybe doubted whether there are to be found elsewhere an equal number of people so prosperous and /peaceful. As- Sir George Bowen says, a Dominion of Australia would represent £92;000>000 of trade. .and £16,000,000 ;of revenue j. aiid no doubt many matters would gain by being dealt .'with in the interest of, the colonies as a whole, instead of piece meal as at present. Even a Customs Union, which has so often 5been. spoken of, would vastly facilitate trade,. which is now cum bered with, hostile tariffs in every direction;; the v elations' between Frotectionist Yictoria .and Freqtrade. New. .South Wales are in particular much hampered f by the border duties. Railways, telegraphs, and similar large enterprises would unquestionably be benefited by a more general system, as Sir George' Bowen urges. Unfortunately, the very colony which he is leaving has shown itself most opposed to anything like united action ; arid . quite, recently, with regard to the mails, Yictoria seems to have gone out of the! way to offend the sister-colonies by insisting upon taking a service of her own without reference to them. We may hope that the advice of the departing Governor will weigh with the Miuisters whom he has only too strenuously supported, and that the influence of the Home Government will as far as possible be used in the same direc tion. \- --The Bendigo Advertiser narrates the following under the heading of " An em- "barrassing situation" : — During the early part of this week, a commercial traveller tookuphis quarters at a well-known hostelry in this city, and the house being exceedingly crowded, the landlady kindly gave up her bedroom to accommodate liim. The next day the bagman had occasion to go to a town at some distance from Sandhurst, and ' was detained during the night. The land lady, finding that lier guest had not returned at the hour for closing for the night, retired to rest in her own bed as usual. On the following day the traveller returned to Sandhurst, and having only half-au-hour to spare wherein to catch the train for Mel bourne, he rushed up into his former bed room, iu blissful ignorance of the fact that the landlady had slept there during the previous night, hurriedly bundled in his etceteras, including what he thought was his night-shirt, into a carpet-bag, and made for the railway station to catch the train. On arrival in Melbourne, and returning to the wife of his bosom, slie, as was lier usual custom, emptied the bag of its contents, and the scene which followed when, from the heterogeneous articles it had coutaiued, his wife extracted au article of ladies' apparel worn only on certain occasions, may be belter imagined than described. It took some time and trouble ou the part of the uufortuuate husband to set matters right. It is rumored that the railway station at Ballarat East is to be abolished" 