AMONG THE CHINESE. is VII. " I'm a cripple, sir I'm waitin' to go to the Benevolent Asylum. I've been like this for three months ever since I come out of' gaol." The speaker is an old female cripple, and street vagrant, whose appearance as she lies under a decaying archway in the darkness in Durand's-alley, with her head resting on a stone and a small bundle of rags, presents the last scene but one in a drama of real life very common in Sydney, and the chief events of which we become acquainted with on this night's visit to some of the houses and resorts of people who declare the community is degraded by the presence of Chinese. In the low-lying portion of the city near Darling Harbour is a hall, devoted to various purposes, including religion and Terpsichore. "What is supposed to be a temple for Christian worship on Sunday is known to be a dancing saloon on Monday and on Saturday, and while on the first day of the week a preacher exhorts a meagre congregation to temperance and virtue, on the second and the last a fiddler and a money-taker do their best to urge a crowded company to recklessness and vice. Ladies free, Gents a shilling. A characteristic company they are. The ladies- chiefly girls who in the daytime are employed at sowing machines enter the room singly or in couples, take off their hats immediately, hang them on pegs, and seat themselves on forms in a particular corner of the hall, where refreshments. in the shape of a supply of gingerbeer, are placed. The gents are mostly dressed in suits of black of peg-top style, with dirty linen, embroidered in the shirt front, and destitute of collar, and in high-heeled boots, tightly fitting, in which the foot rest so unevenly that the toes press forward as though about to burst the leather. Their hair is very short, their faces rough and coarse, clean shaved in many cases, and in others garnished on the upper lip with a growth of deep black moustache cut like the bristles of a broom. A scrape or two of the fiddle, and away they go-not recklessly, not rapidly, not according to Mr. Needs, or Mrs. Read, or any other dancing authority in the community, but like their prototype, a peg-top, when it has spun itself to sleep. At the appointed signal the gents rise and the ladies rise, and forming into couples, the dance commences drowsily as the fiddle plays a waltz, and drowsily it proceeds. With arms about each other's shoulders in rigid fashion, which brings the ladies' noses in close proximity to the gents' right cheeks, the dancers spin and spin with just as much solemnly and sleepiness as tops or taetotumB show; and, like them, when the momentum ceases by the music stopping, stagger and fall to their seats. Girls very young are here : girls with shapely figures and nice faces, fromwhichthelookof youthful innocence has not entirely gone; but with them are companions who bear the brand of those who crowd the dancing sheds of public holiday resorts, and roam about the streets. " Mind, don't you say anything about this round 'ore, for I'm only supposed to be 'housekeeping'. Nobody 'who knows what I am." Stumbling upon a row of low-browed houses, not any of which appear to have a light, but love the darkness, seemingly, as though their deeds are evil, we enter one, and find it tenanted by two women and two men. A squalid place it is but until a light is struck all that can be distinguished are the forms of the two women, seated just inside the door, and the gruff voices of the men, in the darkness, as they call for matches. But now the light has come, look round upon the picture of domestic cleanliness and comfort revealed. The room, notwithstanding that it is the principal of the two of which the tenement is composed, and that the house is one of a row, for each of which the landlord charges eight shillings a week, is nothing but a filthy hovel, and its inmates look as ancient as the room. Upon a bare and greasy table, which never could have known the luxury of a cloth, are the remains of a meal, perhaps of several meals, for here the victuals and the drink appear as though thrown down and mixed as in a stye, and scrambled for when hunger prompts, the pigs returning to the trough at intervals, until everything is devoured. A tin dish of meat and vegetables so dirty and disgusting that no decent pig would look at it, is scarcely more inviting than a piece of raw salt beef which, after having fallen upon the floor, is displayed un- washed upon a plate, and near this is another dish with the remains of something cooked, like pork, with 'motwalife-about it-than anyone cares to see, except perhaps in cheese and then again some raw potatoes, peeled, but left so long uncooked that they have become discoloured, dry, and dirty. A dainty banquet, truly, washed down with rum, for on the table, among the dishes and on the meat, are three empty square rum bottles, and a sodawater bottle, which may be used for fetching liquor when the finances of the household run short, and will not permit of the purchase of a full allowance. The people of the house are like the house itself dirty, wretched, and unsavoury. On an old chair near the table, and fumbling a piece of stick as though it wore tobacco about to fill his pipe, is a strongly-built labour- ing man in his working clothes, which look as if they never left him, with a beard of several days' growth upon his chin, and a dejected, half-drunken look about his whole appearance. Near the wall upon a sofa, which no second-hand furniture dealer, nor any cleanly person in his senses would care to touch, let alone have in his possession or sleep upon, is a man who, in his clothes and in his person, has fallen into such a condition of general uncleanness and apparent decay that one can easily imagine his dress to be part of himself and to be gradually (hopping from him in shreds and tatters until it leaves him a shrunken form too thin and weak to live. The women are somewhat better in appearance, but one" has evidently been drinking, and the other has a hard- featured face, with a pair of close, thin lips, behind which lies a tongue as noisy and us bitter as over husband had to listen to, " He's my 'husband," says the tongue, as the woman's face leans forward, and her finger points to the labourer ; " and a drunken vagabond you are." She takes us for detectives, and wants to give him into custody and knowing that she is safe, for the present at least, from any violent reprisals, abuses him by every epithet and every charge her passion can suggest to her, " He earns twelve shillings a day," she declares, " whenever he likes to work, an' he spends every penny on drink before he gets it. He won't give me a shilling for maintenance. You drunken wretch." The man sits with his fingers itching, and there is a nervous movement about his hands, and a peculiar glance every now and then from underneath his hat at her hard face, which show that he would strike her to the ground or hurl something at her if they were alone. A word or two of advice calms him, but he says bitterly " Look at the house. Is this a place for a man to come to I can't got a cup of tea' or anything else ; there's no fire, no nothing. I give her money, and she spends it on drink and won't live with me. She's the course of' the place." " I'll get a warrant for you, and make you give me mainfrxtnance. Didn't you try to murder me the other day, you murderer 'i " Again the man's hands and eyes indicate a strong temptation to strike her, and it is with difficulty that he is restrained, and the woman's abuse is stopped. "I don't live within," she says, in answer to an inquiry, with a look of vindictive triumph on her face at having come out of the recent quarrel so well. "This woman lives 'ore; I'm his lawful married wife, but I wouldn't live in a hole like this, an' he's taken up with her." " And where do you live ? " " Oh, I don't live far away from 'here. Would you like to see where I live ? I'm not afraid to take you. I've got a house that is fit for you to go into." Desirous of seeing all that can be seen of this picture of dirt, discord, and immorality, we at once accept the woman's offer to take us to where she lives ; but, before leaving the hovel we are in, ascend a sort of ladder that leads to a loft which suggests itself to our fancy as the bedroom of the tene- ment, A strange bedroom it must be, however, if it should be used as such by the people of the house, for there is nothing in it but large cockroaches and what appears to be a couple of bags or sacks of straw, so old that though the stitches of the Backing have given way in several places the straw does not fall out, but shows itself matted and caked. Beds these bags of straw might have been at one time; beds they cannot be now, for it would be next to impossible to sleep upon them, and there is not a sign of bedclothes anywhere. I Where's your bed ?" we ask the labourer when we descend the stairs again. " My beds on the top, there," he says pointing to the sofa, " and Jack's is down there"-down between the software and the wall upon a bundle or heap of something indistinguishable. Well, come and let us see where the woman, the wife of the labourer, lives. She takes us out into the night, over a stony courtyard, through a company of curious muttering neighbours, and into something like a lane, where the darkness is so dense you cannot see your way, and must blindly follow the. woman as she leads. As she goes her irrepressible tongue breaks forth again into abuse of her husband, and as she abuses him she tells her history. He wants her to go back to him, she knows, but she won't have anything to do with him on any account. She has found some one better to her taste. He knows it, and what does she care for that. He has picked up with some one else. She goes round occasionally, as she did to-night, to try to get some money out of him, but precious little he'll, give her he drinks too much. Who cares, though, so long as she's happy ? And then she says, " Mind, don't you say anything about this round 'here, for I'm only supposed to be 'housekeeping'. Nobody 'who knows what I am." Nobody here knows what she is ! What does she mean ? i " You see," she says confidentially, " the neighbours don't know it it wouldn't do. I'm living' round 'are as servant-see housekeeper', anything like that. I cook for Bill, that's my fancy-and then my brother lives in the 'house too. Seo ?" Astonished at the last piece of information, and wondering what kind of a brother is to be found in such circumstances we enter the house, and cover it to be like many other things in the world, s deception. It looks ' tidy and comfortable enough for a labouring man's home, so for as the front room goes, and if we had not learned the woman's character, and known her position in the house we should consider the place to be a decent and tidy one, for there is an air of religion as well as of re- spectability about the collection of articles on the table. A presentation Bible contains on the fly-leaf an earnest hope-dated long ago that the recipient, the woman's ? "fancy "-will road it with earnest prayer in order that its principles may be blessed to his soul. A religious tract lies upon the tablecloth, unopened it is true, but still there, and any one casually entering the house would think the tract distributors labours not unlikely to be rewarded with some success and there is the biography of a clergyman. Coming into the room and seating himself on the sofa is the " fancy," and while he is looking suspiciously at us, a young man in a state of intoxication appears from an inner room, and staggers by the table towards the door. " Mind, sister," he says to the woman, with his thoughts, notwithstanding his muddled condition, fixed upon the work he should go to on the morrow, " You must All my bag of' meat in the morning' ; don't forget ' now, you must fill my bag of' meat." " Well, there's only that little bit of meat in the 'ouse," returns the woman ; " but don't go out, Jim." " I'm goin' out,'.' he hiccups, " on my own responsibility, and then says coaxingly, while he finds it diffl i cult to preserve his equilibrium, " lend me sixpence, now do, sister ; lend me sixpence." " My " sho cries, " where am I to get sixpence, I 'gave no sixpence." ' , To which he says "Very well, all right," with a sleepy kind of independence, and the next moment has staggered out of the door and is gone, either to lie in the gutter or fall into the clutches of a policeman, who, considering the man's condition, will be perfectly justified in taking him to the lock-up at once. It is not difficult to trace in imagination the future history of these people. In the case of the woman we have it before the night is over in the fate of others of her class vividly before our eyes. At the corner of a street not far from where she lives is a house that is little better than a mass of ruin. Tenantes for years, because of some stories of foul deeds which attach to it. the place has, become so saturated with horror, that the people of the neighbourhood have sought to demolish the house and blot it out of existence and out of recollection. Two women were murdered there not simultaneously, but one dark crime following the other after a considerable interval and the structure is covered with a curse which has prompted the people to pull the place brick from brick and board from board, and which at night makes the flesh of the superstitious creep as they pass the ruined building. The doors have disappeared, the windows are gone, the fireplace and chimney are little better than a heap of bricks and mortar, the walls have partly fallen, the roof shows ragged openings and bare rafters, which let in strange glimpses of sky, yard the whole interior of the place is full of shadows that look like ghosts. Such is now the house where not very long ago the counterpart of the woman we have just left lived as her representative is now living, and where she died an untimely and violent death at the hands of an infuriated male companion. Not far from the ruin of her former dwelling you may see something that looks like her restless spirit. Where some lanes widen into (a slovenly square full of gutters and slime, is a row of old tenements with the tops , of the windows and of the doors ornamented with fancy bricks. The houses appear to be in the last stage of drunkenness and destitution. The doors are black and rotten ; the windows dirty and broken, with ragged blinds, and at one window is to be seen the face of a woman, pale and yellow and thin, with her black hair hanging down wildly, and a general aspect of melancholy and the grave which makes her look wonderfully like the apparition of some ill-used unhappy being. Or you may find a similar character in a part of the city near the Belmore Markets, where some houses hide themselves from view in the intricacies of a crooked retreat. Here there is a thieves' home, where the door is bolted and chained (for you can hear the rattle of the chain as it falls from a staple while the door is being slowly opened), and where a grey-headed- old woman announces herself with a peculiar accent as " I'm the proprietor of' these premises.'' The house is quiet to- night, and no one but the old woman appears to be there, but inside is a room having three sleeping places within it-a room which appears to do duty as parlour, bedroom, and kitchen, and lying on a sofa with her face half covered by a shawl, as if to conceal her features from view, is a young woman who follows the profession of a female decoy. She seems to be suffering from the effects of a fright, for a shiver passes over her every now and then, and her features appear haggard with a look of intense anxiety. She saw a girl died the previous night, we learn from the old woman, OF she goes and sits by the side of the sofa, and it seems to have turned her head. Listen to her, while she relates something that makes us shudder like herself. " Oh ! she looked so pretty." " Who ?" the old woman asks. " I saw her in her coffin, I tell you. her skin was very white, and I touched it (she shivers as she says this " and it was so cold. But you could see the dimples in her chin, and she had long dark eyelashes. She was one of the tip- top girls. She didn't think she was dying. We knew very well that she was, but we didn't tell her." "What did she die of?" " Her constitution was broken up, through drink. She used to sit down and drink a bottle of brandy neat, and then after she had slept off that, got up in the night and drink more. Oh ! she looked so pretty, though. All the girls went to see her Because, you know, it would have looked bad if we hadn't. And I touched her She shivers again, and she presses her hands to her eyes as if to hide from her sight some fearful picture. "Oh ! I can't got the coffin out of my eyes, she says. " When I was in here this morning I saw it everywhere on the bed, on the floor, in the looking glass, and resting on the chairs. I sang songs out loud to drive it away, but I could not shut it out.'' She pauses for a few moments with her hands upon her eyes again, and then thinking of the girl while she was alive bays,-" She didn't know she was dying, but we did. The other night when I went to see her-and She was thin and wasted she looks at me, and says she : ' The-think I'm dying. But I'll show 'em their mistake. Why I can dance ! ' And she jumped out of bed and danced a jig on the floor, while she held on to the bedpost to keep herself from falling. We got her into bed again, and now she's dead." Another pause, and the face of the woman growing more anxious, " I can't get the feeling of touching her away, and there was such a peculiar smell about the room. After I left I declare I smelt that smell all along the street. Even when I got to the corner I smelt it. You know what I mean. I tried to get rid of it, and tried to got the coffin out of my eyes, and sang loud to do it, but I couldn't. I know it was wicked in me to try, but I couldn't help it." Wicked I How strange it seems to hear one in the condition of this poor degraded lost creature express such an innocent childlike sense of wickedness t " I wonder where she is now. She would be turned now, would'nt she ? She wouldn't look the same is the grave. My and we must all come to that." She drops off to sleep, after a while, but is uneasy, and moves about, and talks strangely as though she were troubled with dreams. Once she starts suddenly as thought awake, and throwing up her hands strikes her clenched fists together, and exclaims In a kind of agony, " Oh, my - here's a fearful thing: I'm living like her." Is there to be found among the Chinese a picture of life worse than that which this article paints, in colours far less repulsive than those in which it was seen, or one that so urgently calls for public attention ? Those who are well acquainted with the Chinese know that there is not. 