OUR ROME LETTER. BOME, Sept. 27. The long dry summer lias broken np at last with thunaoistortiis and welcome showers of min, and tho casos of mil-ma ''ovei, which had hoon uniiBuallj "amorous since tho boanning of AnWt, aro much less frequent But much disoour igomont pi ev ailb ovor tho «bolo countrj, tho harvest having boon so bad Tho Indian oom, main staplo of tho woiking and pooroi classes especially in tho country, has boen ecaicoly saved, vegetables and fruit aro less abundant and much dearer than usual, tho grapes promised well but thoro aro frequent alarms at tho appeal anco If phv-lloxora now at one oxtromitv, now It another of the Peninsula Returning to Rome, after si^c or seven wcoks absenoo ono is struok at tho progress noticeable m all tho public wo.ks, and if somo _ltl friends in tho oliapo of antiquo fountains aro no ¡oiFcrtobo seen in thoir accustomed places, certain hideous old walls disfiguring tho principal streets aro mcoursoof removal and a magnificent fountain m casoados ii promised to ormtnont the pi va v hore tho ? ¡Vin Nationale joins tho Corso 'lho fall of an old .monastery, used as a bat rack foi the Bersi,lion, which buried a solther in tho rums has cuuod a tort of panie m Romo, in tho mhibitanU of houses Ion,' out of repair Sovirnl of the* o\piopruled tonvent-, now used as sohools and pnsons liai o b on examined bj «n"ineers lho doni/ens eon plaining ol nvy=teiiom Bounds m them supposed lo proceed from docaving beams and crae! mg wall« A hou=o in Vii del Bab urao (No 19) vins a few days sine-o pronounced itnsafo, the inhabitants warned, nnd all tho fuuuturo removed unelor the' supei niteneknco of the police In tho case of the falling monoslei v abovo alluded to (^an Marimo di Moutiï, the soldiors used to ]ol»o about tho »tange sounds heard in the silence of nicht, and say the spiutb and ghosts uno busv The 20th of this month mniversarv of tho Broaoh of Porta Pia ind oioithiow of tho Pope's temporal powei, was celebrated hcie by a solemn ¡ îose-wion to the gate headed bv the Svnilic, fo- the pin posa ot placing a vneath ovir the stone rommimoiating tho Italians who loll on that occasion The variou guilds earned then banners and their bauds played tho Poy ii March and Gaubnldi's H linn SpBech»s suit- able to the occasion weio made ¡ind then tho Smdio p-ocoetled to tho Pantheon to suspend a gar) ind on the nail behind whie-h lies Victoi rmmanuel All went Hill Pirhapo the noisy oxplosious of potardb and lirevrms might li vo boen omitted, but tim Italians love noise, and it may be some of Hiern want to make therasolvcs quite sure tlio Tapiev is doael Oenoral enthusiasm is much diminished since inno years a?o , patriotism is obscured bj war of ¡'artios and the grand dream ol united ltalj falls flat and bare in its reahration As King Huinbeit says, "Italy is very joung yot, so sho requires much indulgence m hor critics " The 21st of this month is also i veiy important dato in the history of Italj's liberation On that daj, in 1SC0 ninetoon years ago, the battle of Castelfidardo vas fought between the Pudmonteso ti oops and tho Popes with his Irench auxilíanos The Pontt fcals vveie defeated under Laniancioie in Bight ot tho Holy House of Loreto vvhith stands on tho height commanding the battle field and Ancona and tho m nebo-, were added to tho lungdom of Itnlv, leaving only Homo and tho Roman j rovince to the Pope 1 his anniversai v has ni o been duly observed processions fiom Ancona and all tho surrounding cities proceeding to Ca telfidaido to visit the holet and coramemonte the dcpaited heroes of that dav with music and salutes and si eedles Somo of tho loyal reporters ot the sccno wnto as if the sight of a red Has borno bv one ol the societies theie, liad shocked then feelings as much as if it had been the Tai al v ellon and v hito and mutter Commuuism ' and other ivoids suielj too 6tronn foi the occasion Since hing ITumboi t went to jS 01 th Ttalj in August he has been studving relou is in the expenses of the Rojal household suppr «mg costlj dignit es, and hanging immutable oilieos in such mannet is that lliev must depend is in 1 ii_hutl u\ on the political paiiy in ofiice His Mnjestj has also been in camp witne sing the autumn manana 03 o£ tho trot ps und is in good health notivith>t miling flying lumours to the contiary Queen Maighonta and lim littlo son the small \ ictji Tmma mel, havo been riding on donlovs up the mountains suiiounding Recoaro a watenng placo in the "Vincontinoterritorj, and bathing at denice vvhoie tho Italian Queen seems to eivjoj h iself ospociallj Thoy aro now at Mouza thou real home where State e tiquetto is îeln^ed and thev rest after the fatigues of the Quirinal Court leo XIII ion anib constants at the Vatican tllhough reports vv ore set "float that ho had gone to the Pontifical villa at Castel Gandolfo, norn the Lalee of Albano His Uolmo s has created four new car dmals in the consistoij held at tho "\ atican on the 19th The/ are the four nuncios at Paris Lisbon Madrid aud Vienna Biogiaphical notices of nea caidinals 1 emg regularly given bj all the papers, a sketch ot each of threo distinguished eminences will not be out of place here Cardinal Meglia, Nuncio at Paris is a nativo of San Stcfino el Mare in the diocese ol \ ontiraigliu, and 60 veara ol ago Ile was foi many years sccrotaiy of thoPontifleal IvTunciatuio at Tansduring the missions of Cardinals Sacconi aud Ohigi In 1804 Meglia was sent as Nuncio to Mexico having been previously pie com ed Aichbishop of Damascus and ho labouied much for tho re oigamzing ol church matters m that empire founded by Napoleon III and givon to tho unfoitunate Maximilian of Austin In consequonco of the diftorence3 between State and Chuich m that countrj Mogha finding his mission fiuit le s rcturmd to Luroi o aud vv as sent Nuncio to 'Munich a post left vacant bj the pi o notion of Mon Bignoi Qonnella to the cardinalate Monsiguoi Mogil i proved bimbel! worthy of this vny impoitaiit post and in the diiection he gave tho Catholic movement in kennan) euned the displcasuio of llisnniek In lS7u Monsi_nor Migha was sent ii INuncio to Pans to roplaco Clngi, who vnsmado caidinal and has there also proi ed himself equal to his lofty minion Mon signoi now Cardinal Jacobim Isun/io at Vienna was bom at Gen/nuo mar Pome in lbdO Ho has fo many youls been renowned as a learned and ablo eo clcsiastic statesman Piub IX appointed him secretarj to the congiegation ho institute 1 for the allans ot the Eastern Rite an omeo vvheiein Jacobim so much dis hnguished hniiBclt that tno Poj o named lum mombci of the Pohtico- Ecclcoiastical Commission for the "?atican Council At that timo Mon^ignor Jacobim waa a canon of the I ateian arch basilica apostolic pro thonotary and cousultoi of tho Sauol Piopaganda and of the council for revising provincial councils lho »1st of Maich 1874 ho was proconi7ed Aichbishop ol Tliessalonica and ai pointed Nuncio to tho Couit ol wenna DunnD those five jeirs Monsiguoi Jacobim has so gained tho esteem and fnondahip of the Emperor that he will continue to icmam at T, lonna foi tho piesont, with tho title of Pio Nunoio Ho ha ¿ealoiiBly occupied hiuisoll in the causo of the unfoi tunato Polish Catholics undnr Russian opp ossion amongst whom ho hits ippeared as the haibinger of a longed for cpoeh of peace Monstgiior Domenico Sanguigni Nuuzio at Lisbon, which is also one of tho great laissions giving a right to the Cardinalato, was bom at Terraeina on the 27th Juno. 180!). He went through a long diplomatic career at Naples and Lisbon, whenuo he wont to Brazil, nnd wns occupied with Cluu'ch interests in the various South American Republics until his promotion nsNunzio to Lisbon in 1874, with tho arehopiscopal dignity of Tarsim. The fourth now Cardinal. Cattani, .Nunzio at Madrid, is of noblo family at Fnonza, and born 'in 1823. He belonged to the Jesuit order for some years, but leaving it from health motivos, entered the prelaturo, and was made ono of the chamberlains of Pius IX. ^ He roplaeod Ledochowski as Nuncio at Brussels, in 1808, whevo ho was much esteemed for several years; but Pius IX. recalled him to Rome for tho important post of Secretary to the Council. On tho death of Cardinal Antonelli, Pius IX. recalling Cardinal Siraeoui from Madrid to succeed bim as Secretary of Stato, Cattani was sent to replaco him, and ho has filled the office of Nuncio for four years in that capital. It is at last decided that the old Church of England chapel outside Porta del Popólo must reinovo within the walls. Tho building and ground have been Bold by the Ohuroh Committee to the municipality of «onie, and a sito has been granted on the area between ' via del Babino and tho Corso, whore the ConvouUf the Gosu e Maria, ocoupied these thirty years as bar rocks for soldiers, is gradually falling down. This position will bo central for the English colony who still inclino to the neighbourhood of Piazza di Spsgns. The English chapel was founded in 1818 by permission of Pope Pius VII., and was, witli the exception of tho Prussian chapel on tho Capitol, for many years the only Protestant placo of worship at Rome. There aro now muny moro, but this is tho only Protestant place of worship opon during the summer in Romo, when all the season visitors and rich English und Amerie'an rosidonte havo departed to moro temporato regions. It also maintains a charitable fund and has always been liberal to tho Roman poor, besides assisting ueody English-speaking strangers irrespective of creed. The tramway which íb to bo now laid down between the Corso and the now quarter on tho Esquiline, running along Via Nazionale, will greatly facilitate the street trulîic and shorten distances for strangers and pilgrim!), who hnvo to " do Rome in a weok." There is a project in contemplatiou for carrying Vi* Nazionale through the lower portion of th8 city to the Bridge of San Angelo, opening ont the aooess to the Pantheon which is at present approached through o nat of the nairowcst and most crowded stroots, which would be called lanes in any modern capital. Ifov a long time no brigand exploits have beon hsard of in any part of Italy ; but a very daring and monstrous crime was fortunately frustrate», a few days .i,'o ulong the railway line, between Ancona and Brindisi. Near FeiggiH-San Severo some villains very nearly succeeded in seising (i cunttmlcre, or guard of the line, occupying ono ol the little stations placed at intervals where the highways criss the uno ; however ho managed to escape into the upper storey of his lodgu, lrom the windora of which ho shouted for assistance. Fortunately, help came in time, nntl tho Indian mail being expected to pass soon, ho and his avmrsdoH procoedod to oxnmino tho line, which they discovered to bo enoumbcrod at a littlo distance with large stones and blocks of tufa. So tho Indian mail had a very narrow estopo of instruction and robbery. The papers oonloining the aooount of this horrid attempt do not state whether the miscreants have been j as yet tnkon. j Tho grand event of the day is the celebration of tlu> 18th ceuteaarj' of the destruction of Pom- peii, fixed for the 25th of this month, although, according to some, it was in August and I not September that the dread eruption of Vesuvius ¡ burst forth, overwhelming the fair oities of Campogna J in ashes and lava. Your correspondent, at the invita- i tion of tho Italian Minister of tho Interior, went to i Naples to witness this most interesting ceremony, at which wore present twolvo thousand persons, including archaeologists, men of letters, artists, amateurs in history and science, professors of seienco. and the multitude of mero curiosity hunters. There was Eiorelli, who owos to his learned and completo study of Pompeii the exalted post ho occupies in Kchawlogy ; there was Do Petra, tho erudito historian; Demetrio Salazaro, who has illustrated the monuments of the southern provinces, and Gruilio Minervini for whom the Middle Ages have no mysteries. The proceedings were directed by Michèle Ruggoro, the not unworthy successor of Giuseppe Piorelli. The learned and cele- brated Villani, Miceli, lloughi were there, and two of the most illustrious Latinista of our day-Monsignor Mirabelli, professor in the University of Naples, and Count Quintiiio Guanoiali, whose Latin versification is celebrated, and whose poem, recited in that ancient tongue amidst the ruins of Pompeii, seemed a voice from tho far distant past. I arrived at Naples tho day preceding the commemoration. The heat was excessive, tho atmosphere heavy and suffo- cating ; massive thundor- olouds gathered over the hills, and above Vesuvius hung a dense cloud of smoko extending far in all directions, and sometimes hiding the crost of the mountain. At night brilliant flames burst forth from tho crater, and everything seemed to threaten a tempestuous eighteenth centenary of tho destruction of Pompoii. But tho morning of the 25th broke clear and fine, and by 7 o'clock peoplo vvero hurrying in crowds to tho railway- station, and special trains for Pompeii followed each other in quick succession, while the Portici Road was alivo with hundreds of vehicles of all kinds, from the corricolo, with its merry load, to tho handsome equipages of tho nobility. In front of the road- side Inn, dlguinod -..lu» el», titi« xx./i.vi »i-a-, through which one enters Pompeii, the road and all tho spaces around wero crowded with empty conveyances of every description, and such niotloy groups as can only bo seen in Neapolitan territory. Beggars of course abounded. There wore mon with dancing dogs, sellers of punchinollos and othor rudo toys -, grape vendors, with their baskets piled high with luscious fruits; stalls, with immense wator-melons, whole or in slicos ; water-carriers, with their barrols on their backs, all chattering and gesticulating, and making a perfect babel. Leaving all this out- side, I passed through a gate wbero admit- tance was only by ticket, and entered this usuallv silent city of the past, whoso streets were once moro alivo with tho gay thousands who wero privileged to onter and rouse the cheerful eohoes of eighteen centuries ago. The first point to which I hurried was the great Basilica, crowded as of yore, with this difference, that the ruined walls and columns wero also occupied. There was the Tribune for the more distinguished guests assembled, and in front of it stood Siguor Michelo Ruggoro, dirootor-in-ohiof of tho oxcavations. Ile read an address, giving a brief history of all that had been done since firstthe ruins of Pompeii had been opened. On tho table before him lay some telegrams just received. He spoke in Italian, and was followed by Signor Guanoiali and Mon- signor Mirabelli, who each spoke in Latin hexameters to loud and repeated applause. Senator Fiarolli was on the tribune, Professor Ilenzen repre- senting the German Archaeological Iustituto of Romo ; Senator Pnschiotti, Prefect of Naples, Signor Bonghi, Ernest Renan, Count Coello, Spanish Ambassador to the Quirinal, tho Portuguese Minister, and many others. Meantime the mauy who failed to squeeze an entrance into the Basilica had been busily examiuiug various parts of tho unearthed city, and the opening ceremonies ended, a bell rang to summon tho company to the oxcavations. Chambers were to bo opened in different points of the ninth region and their contents revealed. So there was an eager rush from all directions. It is impossible to describo the intense expectation of every face as the first picks struck the ground,,.or tho scene around each place to be ex- cavated, where the workmen with difficulty could malee elbow-room for their operations. Every wall was fringed with spectators, somo to tho imminent peril of their limbs, and groups wore thickly gathered ulong the higher"üiíoxcavated level and every point of vantage. Each room to bo excavated had been cleared of the upper fllling-in, leaving about 4 foot deep of tho ground to bo romovod. Tho indications given by preparatory work in ono of tho larger rooms having been particularly favourable, I took my station there, and witnessed, ia the course of three hours, as the various objects peeped forth from the scoria; one hy ono, such a revelation as I shall never forget. For tho first five minutes as tho men worked there was a breathless silonco ; then, as the scones fell awaj*, a portion of a green objeetbecame visible. In a momont the diggora' hands had cleared the space around it, and, amidst deafening eheers, a small bronze horse, nino inches in length, was held aloft. Then appcarod a largo amphora; next, two bronze vases, one of which with handles; then a large iron key. As oach object in turn was lifted high, in order that all might seo, " Bene, iiiis.' " hurst in a ohorus of hearty satisfaction from tho people. A list with the more catalogue of objeots excavated would AU a column. There wore at least a dozen bronze vases of different shapes and sizes ; vases, with and without handles. In one vase thero wore a numbor of bronze coins oxydized together, mid quantities of ooins wore likewise found at intoivols during tho excavation. Thero were manjr handsome bronzo clusp3, several bracelets, and a number of ringB. Numerous terra cotta vases, ta-'.ze, and amphorae, and a remarkable number of little terra cotta watorcups for birdcages. Various kitchen utensils carno to light-a fork and knives of iron, a spit, a bronzo bottle filler, and a number of little bells of tho same inotal ; a dagger with an ivory handle ; bronze saucepan, a terra cotta monej'-box. After these and many more objects had been carried awaj' in trays, a mass of black material appeared, which, falling to pieces, proved, on examination, to bo beans ; then a quantity of millet and hemp seed, with considerable remains of the sacks which had contained thom. Tho carbonised wood of grain bins and of a barrel with iron hoops .wore \- also discoyored- aud tho boams of tho upjjer floor, clearly recognisable, although carbonised to a Iriablo charcoal. Among those remains a very beautiful bronze candelabrum came to light, but its slender fluted stem was, alas ! broken. Prom noon until 3 o'clock such a continual succession of objects was revealed, that I could scarcelv* note down the mere names with briefest memoranda filling sixteen pages of a good-sized note- book. Some of the other roonn yielded nothing; others a. fow bronze and terra cotta vos&ols.; In ono room a skeleton was fonnd ; and in tho smallest chamber opened, four othors wero discovered huddled togother-a solemn witness of the awful moment when destruction overwhelmed a populous, busy, and gay city in the most splomlid period of the Roman Empire. 