The Terrible Year— 1881. The Eegobd Union, Mh March, says :— Professor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Fran cisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Institute hist night, upon the very in teresting subject of 'The rlaaetary Conjunction of 1881.' The prediotibn of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old'prephecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds tif ill omen, who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, have pre dicted the aost awful state of. affairs to bo inaugurated in 1881, and to continue till 18S7, during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, thft, elements continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earth quakes destroy, ?yokatioes burst forth, the earth open and Bwallow tip towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all waters become poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and rain in all the earth. Lately in this State a so- called Professor has issued a book in which he has prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, and Mare, that there »hi-M occur oil tho fore going recited, and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to- show the reason for his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magio lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The itforld is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Some bow the forward outlook is never calm and cloud-, less. It is also natural that men should look to pivotal events In nature, such as tho com pletion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to involve groat crises in human affairs. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. Tho. lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled ' The Voice of the Stars,' which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur be tween the years I860 and 1887, including the an nihilation of the Chinese race and tho death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague; terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, &c.; Ho also gave a brief synopsis of Fiazzi Smith's 'Pyramid Kelijjion;' and quoted from the oraeleB of Mother Shipton, all three substan tially agreeing that — The world to an end shall come In 1831. He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the publisher of the ' Shipton Almanac ' has openly confessed that he added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before^us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this supersti tion and nonsense f Tho lecturer presented Pro fessor Delarue's theory of the relation of planetory conjunctions to sun spots; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planet ary conjunctions upon ' tho atmosphere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram showing the position of the planets October 31, 1881; all the large planeta but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in astroight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect of tho planets will not occur for many thousand years.' If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must Boon be manifested. Nevertheless, the planets aro enormously distant. Their attractive force varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly con ceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the foretold disaster. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothe tical electric inter-action between the sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted 'one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in times between snch conjunctions and atmospheric dis turbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Professor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer : — 'H. B. Norton.— Dear sir — Your note of en quiry is received. I answer briefly as follows- : — First — Your enclosed diagram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second — It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer their perihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third — There is no good reason for expecting re markable disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarue thought that he had discovered a relation between them and sunEpots, but latest researches fail to substantiate the theory. Scientific astronomers consider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equiva lent to that of Mother Goose. — Yours, very truly, Chables A. Young.' Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said : ' We ore justified In concluding that scionco has thus far given us no definite reason for expect ing the great tribulation. Norcrtheless, if public excitement shall cause men to cleanso their sewers and mend their lives, we may bo thankful for the ' voice from the tombs,' uttered by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful forecast attributed to Mother Shipton.' 