LOVE BEFORE THE MAST. Under this heading the "San Francisco Mail"ot September 14 last narrates the following painfui interesting story:- The captain of an English ship just arrived n port relates a singular story which is worth adding to the already extensive budget of marvel lous tales of the ocean. The names of captain and ship are not given, as sailors amre probably sensitive about their veracity, and there is a strong flavor of romance in the skipper's anecdote. Thie oflicial log contains this entry: "August 15, latitude-, longitudo--, James Colton, a stowaway, fell from the foretop gallant yard to the dock, nnd· was instantly killed. August 16, .latitude-, longitude-, William Bean, an ordinary seaman, while the funeral service was being read over the body of Colton,. jumped from tho topgallant rail and sank in mediately. Ship hove to at the time. A boat was lowered, but no trace of the man was discerned." " That," said the Captain to the ,.ail reporter,. "is an entry that gives the key to the yarn Ik'.P spin you." "I shtipped Bean in Liverpool. He was a tall,. good looking young fellow, and did not appear to be much of a seafaring man by his appoenarac, but he had a couple of good discharges and I took him. After he went forward among tihe men I did not . notice him again until the second day out. The mate came aft lugging along a bit of a fellow witls. short curly hair and a round a round face, whom he had found stowed away under the fore hatch. A lot of the men got around to see what I was going to say about it. "'What the blazes made you hIide away in my ltip ?' I said. Ilo didn't answer a word, and secemed scared to death. Then Bean stepped out - and said: 'I know that young man, Captain; he is ano old. chum of mine. HIe wanted to get a pasonago to.. Californi and had no money. "I swore some at tlhem both and then sent Col ton off in charge of tie third mate, who soon got . him to work on a broom.- He handled tihe broom' pretty well, nod took sortofliking topolishing op tLhre berass work and seemed so inclined to be indostriou? that I took him out of the mate's snatch tand gavo him odd jobs about tihe cabin,jlending the slewtlrd a hand and so on. He had all night it and better grub than they had in the forecastle, but ine tsed altosys to slip some of it forworod to Bean. Those- two were a good deal together on Bean's watclh, a?nd Colton would sometimes stay up all night with him, Thtsn he got to like going aloft, ald tsed to handlo the royals a- well as any tordilary seeaman tn board. One dlay te mae it s-aid to mte, 'I heard tthots two men, Bean and (tolton, talking togethler iast nilght, sir, and there was somnethitg queer hbol, it. Bean was telling hIit thats his tIthersc asd brothers wouldt never forgive Ihim, atd tihe best tlhitg to do -twhen he got to Siue Francisco would be to write to some friet-ds at hIome, but not to let his peoplo knoa whorse he was. Colton was crying and. seemedl to feel very bad. Then tlhey sanw mie nd shut up. I think Vean Inas made tihat boy Colton ruon awsy from school or something ot tihe sort. " I thld site mate to make work as light as he could for hin, nd once, wheln Iheo brouight me a cup of tea ot the poop, T asked himt if hIis friends kttew thut he Iad started for California. " Oh, ino," hie said, "buit I could not get along: ell at hIome, and I thought it be-t to go iaway.' "You knew Bean well at hIomo, diln't yas?" I. asked. Yoo 8sir,' he said, and looked roil and confusee. SDid he induce you to rlu away ? " 'No; no, sir,' said he; ' but lhe toll mo lie was coating in Ihis ship.' Tlt was anil that I said about it then. A week or so after hle got hohl ofTa photograph ol my wife, which an artist in Liver pool had undertaken to color and had mde a boter of it. "'Did you ever do any pnintig?' I asked. I}Te said he could paint a little, slid I got a box of water color paints from the third manle an d some brushes and gave him a few plhotographs to color. You see lhaw well hle dd it. Ito surprisaed nme. Then tie Captain opened his album and shlowe?l lthe reporter some photographs which were verFv skillfully and artistically retolsched. "I saLtw him once," coitir.ueId the Capltain,. "painting the photogralph of a fine looking old lady. He told me it wvos BIea's mother. Well, tCo c-mie to the day tbhe accident oceu:red. I was on deck at tlhe time, and Benn nnd Colton wcere sitting for'ard. I was just going to call the young clnp_ aft to help the sailmaker, lwho was working oai the poop, vlwhen a squall camnue along. Thie mate sang out, the royal lhalyards were let go and Colton jumped into the foreriggiog to get aloft and stow thh foreroyal, for it waos ilarikenig up to windward. Beonu also got into the rigging and seomed to want. to get up, but Colton got ahoead of hIim. " le laid out oni the yard, got hold o the canvas, and the neat thing we know someshing came whirl ing down on deck with a thud tlht made me shudder ThIe first oce at the pool' fellow'* side wa lean. He turned him over, forl his face was toward the deck, and tlh-n he fell down in a fit, anid the boatswain attenledl to him. The watch carried~ Colton's body aft. His neck wus broken. I pulled. off the shirt and then 1 knew the whole story," and' thle skipper took a glass of sherry, and his eyes. worn mcist. " What was the mystery," asked the reporter. "Well," said the Cap'ain, "just this. Colton, did not belong to our side of the deck. The body tliat was sewed up and launchcd into the1 deep was a young woman, and slie was Bean's wife, for I found the marringo certificate in Bean's trunk with some letters that partially explained the matter. But I'll tell you about that afterward. As soon as Bean got right lie came aft looking like a ghost,. and he knew by my face that I had covered the secret. "' Captain,' said lie, taking off his hbt, ' wouldi you'hrve aniy objoetion to letting me stay alone with it this night ? " " I Iet him stay all night by the body, and I cars imagine what the poor fellow sulfered. -I never saw such a despairing face on a man in my life as. that which met me when I opened the cabin door, and the ohands wore summoned for the funeral services. He stood by until the last moment, and when the body slipped off into the sea, and the shot carried it down, down into til blue deptlhs, he watched it until it disappeared. Then Ihe jumniod oni the topgallant rail. an'l before anyone nould. grab him lie was gone." " And the lettera ? " "I hunted through his trunk," said the skipper, "and found a bundle of letters tliic I ami goting to encl,)se to his friends at home. From what i could lo.ern from them it appears that Bean (w'aich was an assumed name) was a young fellow of gooi. family but very wild. The girl's people were also well off and reputiable. She knew him from a boy and ran away with him an.l they were inmrried, He went to. sea after thiatand she went back to school. When lie returned they tried to make it up with the old folks, but they would not have it. So the young folks, without a sixponce to bless themselves with, camo on board my ship Sounds like a novel, but it is all just as I told you, andc here are the proofs." '. - . , , i • , " / i T're births and deaths in Melbourne and suburbs. for tile week ending February 1 were, respectively, 121 and 118. Of tihe deaths, 4 4 were of children not exceeding three years of ago, 37 of these being. under one year. ' Ii accordance with.the provisions of the Civil' Service Act, Wednesday next is appnoiited to be. observed as a public holiday at Melbourne anLT suburbs from the hour of 1"2 noon. bill. J. W. DAVYT, SusaiEjXN AND NIECHANIC I.. DE'rTIT, 104 Bourke-trIet hEaR, between tii( Academy of Music and Opera Hodse. Teeth, made to match any tha6t ren.ina in the mouth, cant be easily adjusted ani'reqifiro no metallic springs. or othler ;cumbrous :'apparatus.. Teeth tmade by -other Dentists. repaired and :re-modelled. A guarartee of.twelve niodnthl given with eachl set. :iTeeth stopped with. enamel, gold, or silver, .sealed. and extracted.: Of the many parts of the human.frame none is more essential to its wellbeing than the dental system, and the valle.i 0f ioun'd'and good teeth; eannot be over estimatedl., The functions of thoeteeth pre three, for iistici:s : tion, articulation, and fororniaeint.' With no o e Softlti§e can we afford todiasense. Workirig with thibr;hjdeit;thij beier matcrslait )d atf convidrably ' iredqce.y i.pioep, I ttust tors ie ahftit Is sy patieniit.' t ' ' *- ; -J 