Northern Lights. III. IN trying to avoid a dry narrative of travel over ground too well generally known to make any new description palatable reading to your subscribers, I am afraid that I have drifted about in an erratic and purpoaeleu fashion, going back* wards and forwards, just in the order of my " pen cillinga by the way," without making any attempt whatever at consecutive narration of things Been or heard or impressions received. I have not the faintest idea where I last left off; but, while waiting for the pilot schooner to take me from the steamer at Brook island—an arrangement by which, thanks to the courtesy of the authorities. lam able to save a week's valuable time—a good opportunity appears to offer of giving the results of an enquiry which I repeatedly made while in Cooktown as to the extent of tendency shown by the Chinese to become permanent cultivators of the soil. I refer now not to the mere cabbage-garden work in which here as elsewhere in the colony they largely engage, but to crops which involve considerable time to mature, and require that the laud shall be held upon a secure and permanent tenure. The information obtained leaves no doubt that Chinese capital will in time be largely employed in developing the resources of our rioh northern soils. They are a people who keep their own counsel a good deal, believing more in working than in talking of what they are going to do, and therefore the exact scope and extent of some embryo plat s which are in process of hatching is unknown. A merchant of Cooktown war, how ever, able to give me all the particular* of one project, as he had Ween a party to tue agreement for carrying it out A firm or co-partnership, with a capital of 42500, with more available if wanted, has commenced operations upon 040 acres of rich land near Cairns. Here I may digress to say that both at Cairns and Port Douglas, and on the Mossman and others rivers of those district*, there have been many selections made of rich bottom lands fit for, and which will probably be applied to, the cultivation of variouu tropical products. What the cultivator* aro going to do for labor is not clear; but I have not the least belief that the wilderness of this part of Queeualaud v not destined to be subdued by means of white labor. Unless our governing men are prepared to see millions of acres of laud of the highest capabilities going to waste in these lati tudes, the restrictions upon colored labor must be mitigated, and I do not hesitate to express the opinion that there are many reasons of public policy why they should be relaxed, while there are no grounds of objection, either religious, social, or moral, which could not be removed by wise regulations. It is the certainty of sufficient labor of the right kind, upon which he can de pend, which will give the Chinese capitalist the pull over our own moneyed men in cultivating the coast lands of these parts. The particular coo mm to which I am alluding has already got fifty hands on the land, and thirteen tons of goods, chiefly rior, have just followed. The intention is to grow sugar and cotton; but my informant could not tell me how they propose to manufac ture their sugar, or upon what they has* the expectation that cotton will suit the olimate. The land has been selected by a naturalised Chinaman, in whose name it stands, but how the interest of the other members is secured does not appear, although I have do doubt that there is some cods of honor or form of bond among the Chinese which secures these people in that respect There are a hundred shares in the concern, of the value of £25 each, but I could not learn by how many individuals the shares are held. There appears to be no doubt either in the Chinese or European mind that the project will succeed, aud I hope, both for the sake of the colony and of the enterprising pioneers themselves, that it may. Another evidence of permanent settlement is to be seen in a garden, about eight miles from Cooktown, belonging to one Lee 8i and partner. Thanks to the good offices of an old friend, I was enabled not only to see this place, but to examine it thoroughly under the guidance of a very intelligent Chinaman, one of the pro prietors. The farm buildings comprise a commodious and clean dwelling, where we were hospitably entertained with tea, beer, brandy, and sundry fruits; sheds, stables, barn, and men's huts, all suffi ciently substantial to give an air of permanency to the place. The total area of the land, the fee bimple of which is vested in one of the partners, io about 100 acres, of which 60 are in a state of high cultivation. They grow banana*, which are exported to Townsville, Rockhampton, and Sydney—and very fine, indeed, they are. There are also large plots of pineapples and many hun dreds of young orange trees. Besides these, I saw cocoanuU, peaches, lemons, citrons, sweet potatoes, water-melons, sugar cane, ground-nuts, tomatoes, ginger, and maise. The appearance of everything was healthy, and at the time of my visit they were harvesting a very good crop of corn. I also saw some hundreds of busheLa of ground-nuts, the produce of the season's crop, bagged ready for the Palmer, where the growers find thtfcr chief market for this Chinese luxury. The farm is prettily situated on the Endeavour river, and constitutes one of the few patches of good soil near Cooktown. The carriage is all done by water, and in this as in other particulars economy and good management seem to govern the whole concern. Although I had nothing particjlar to do at Cardwell, it happened to suit me to take that place en routt for the Lower Herbert ; and I am exceedingly glad that I did so. The town con sists of a somewhat straggling clu.ter of houses, of which the chief are Government building*—of the remainder not a few are empty, or put to other uses than those for which they wer« built The ghosts of departed prosperous times are to be weu in legends of all kinds over, and at the bidea of, doors—which once gave admission to business depots. Thus you see the names of men who have long left the place or are dead, aud occupations described for which there is no longer room. Cardwell is now a quiet hamlet, of a little over » hundred inhabitant*, with a certain sir of sleepy hollow about it, but for all that a oharmiug little place. Beautifully situated upon a sindy beacb, opeu to every breatb of the aea-bmze, it ia reputed a pleasant and healthful place in which to live—a repute which ia quite borne out by the ap pearance of the inhabitant*. The great drawback to its prosperity has been the tre mendous range of mountains which hem it in from the back country ; and bo when other and easier approaches to the seaboard were dis covered Cardwell gradually subsided from a promising township to the peaceful village which it now id and bids fair to remain. The one or two Btores partake largely of tbe character known as "marine," and it is difficult to understand how they are supported. The same may be said of the oue bank and one hotel of the place ; but as bankers and hotelkeepers least, of ull traders, like to keep open at a loss, it id presumable that business sufficient for their ambition cornea to them. The hotel at least deserves success, for a more comfortable houae I have rarely stopped at. In one, about the only good garden in the placo, there was shown abundant evidence of the suit ableness of the climate for tropical horticulture. The mango here ia a giant shade tree, while around it may be seen in robust growth the Java almond, the alligator pear, the breadfruit, cashew nut, jujube, 4c. The cocoanut also grows splendidly, and trees of all sizes from a foot high to specimens in full fruit are to be seen looking wonderfully at home. But I must not dismiss Cardwell without a reference to the glorious groups of trees on the beach. These trees, which have no easier name by which to describe them than Calophyllum, are, and with great justice, among the notabilities of the place. The tree is not purely a Queenslander, being found in some other tropical countries, but its habitat in Australia is very restricted, and it appears to be somewhat fanciful about adupting itself to other localities where the climatic con ditions are nearly similar. The fact, however, that freeh water of the purest character ia found a few feet from the surface, closo down to the beech, may have something to do with this. The foliage in very large nnd of a glossy rich dark green ; and these conditions, in conjunction with a remarkable spread of tbe branches, make the Calophyllum oue of the finest shade treea of the world. By actual measurement I found a soli*. tary specimen to spread its branches 60ft. oue wuj and 66ft. the other ; and, the foliage being very dense, your readers may picture to them selves the glorious refuge thus provided from.a tropical sun. I hope that the mouths of the few but valuable colonists in the Moretons who lay tuemselves out for shade-treo growing will not water over my description—alas! all too poor— of this marvel of nature, aa I regret to have to add that it would not look at their southern climate, and can therefore only be admired at a distance. Through the courtesy of the principal Govern ment ofioer at Cardwell—and here let me add, with grateful acknowledgments, that similar courtesy has been extended to me throughout my travels by all public servants with whom I have cetne in contact—a passage in the pilot outter, which had business at Townsvu>, w*» placed at my disposal as far as Dungeness. As the river is necessarily governed in large measure by the tide, it was past midday bsfore we weighed anchor ; and although we had wind and tide in our favor we were compelled, when the latter failed us, to anchor for the night, reaching Dun genes* tbe next day towards afternoon, after a dead beat from Haycock island. Tbe channel lies the whole way between Hinobinbrook island and the mainland, and the passage is one long succession of charming views and vistas. The frequent change of form, and the varying eleva tion of the ranges and spurs of Hinchinbrook, present something fresh for the ej c to rest upon at every fathom of progress; and it is hardly necessary to add that the tropical character of the foliage, its changeful color from the lightest and brightest green to an almost black effect, produced partly by foliage and partly by shade, Btrikiugly intensify the interest of the scene. Tbe effects described are confined to a comparatively narrow strip of undulating land near tbe water, and they are again marvellously enhanced by a sternly rugged background of rocky mountainous country, full of crags and precipice* inaccessible even to a goat The grand effects of the high land, in more than one spot observable from the water, were enlivened by considerable waterfalls tearing down the face of the mountains, apparently by magic, as they seemed to find their way to day* light from the very highest summits. Follow* ing the waterfalls with the eye until they lost themselves in the dense vegetation of the gorges and lower slopes, the scene was changed, as by the optical delusion of a dissolving view, into the soft rich characteristics of palm foliage inter spersed with variously-tinted and all densely clothed trees and shrubs, many of them in full blossom, and curiously confused by tbe festooning habit of climbing plants innu merable. But for the inexorable demands of time and tide, and for the probability that the banks of the Herbert river, where I was about to sojourn for some days, would present similar features, the temptation to land would have been irresistible. Dungeness for the present, al though I t>hall have to revert to it, may be dis missed with the remark that it consists of an inhospitable sandapit, with a store, a wharf, and two dwelling- houses, none of which are at all secure from possible demolition, or at least isola tion, the effects of flood and shifting sand. Having written the word " inhospitable," let it remain to express what was intended, but the hospitality of the inhabitants of this dreary spot was strikingly exemplified by a letter left for our party by one of them, in which, while apologising for his absence from home, he told us where he had left bis keys, and placed his house and cup board unreservedly at our disposal. Fortunately for our kind friend, the resources of the cutter in the way of creature comforts had bten ample ; ao, a boat manned by stalwart inlanders being iv waiting, we went on our way n-j.iiciu^, and in about thrne hours I was welcomed to a baven of peace and rest, where 1 soon rid myself of a condition of fatigue and unwaahedness en gendered by the almost uninterruptedly wakeful voyaging of the previous twenty-seven hours. There in no better way of learning the bad fit of a shoe than by trying it on, and getting one's own toe pinched. Tbe people of the Lower Herbert are either very unfortunately situated or very badly used. With local politics I have nothiig to do, and do nut meddle ; but I may observe that it must be extremely tantalising to them, and must heavily handicap them in their business, that, while a weekly mail pastes their door to Cairns, Port Douglas, and Cooktown, they receive their letters onoe a fortnight only by a branch line from Townsville. As I write, I am conscious of the pleasing fact that a batch of letters for myself, which it is of exceptional moment to me to get, arrived at Townsville to day, where they will peacefully sojourn in the pout office for one whole week before they are forwarded, and cannot reach me for nine days. It would seem as though the district were with out friends at headquarters, for on ths top of this manifest disadvantage under which they lie, compared with their neighbors north and south, Dungenees is doomed as a port of entry, and the Herbert settler* will bo forced to transact their Customs business at Cardwell at a largely in* creased outlay of time and money. But for the traditional interest of Cardwell, and its sub stantial Qovernment buildings, it is obvious to the most cursory observation that the progress of the colony and the interests of the commerce of the coast would neither of them be affected if that exceedingly pretty spot were again aban* doned to the blackfellow and the alligator. 