DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE. ELECTION OF BkSHOP. THE prooaedings in onuneclion with the im portant ceremony of electing a Bishop for the Diocese of Newcastle commenced yesterday morning in the Cathedral Church, Newcastle, at half-past 10 o'clock. At that hour the Veoerable'Archdeacon of the Newcastle Dio ocse (the Rev. Coles Child) and the Canons of the Cathedral (Rev. Canoa Selwyn, Rov. Canon Tyrrel, Rev. Canon White), took their places in the church. The edifice was about half filled. Divine Service commenced with the 223rd hymn -" Eternal God we look to Thee." The choir of St. John's assisted the Cathedral choir throughout the services, and Mr. Ashcroft Edwards officiated as organist. The Rev. Canon Selwyn then said the Litany, after which the 4Sthe hymn, "'The;Church is our foundation,"-was sung. The ARCuDEACON then remd the Mandate of the Metropolitan, directing him to take the necessary steps for the appointment of a Bishop ; and directed Rev. John Dixon (Secretary of Synod) to call the Roll if Clergy and Lay Representatives, each member's name being noted as he rose in his place to answer. The ARCHDEACON then came, forward and read aloud the declaration specified in the second clause of the " O:dinance for the Election of a Bishop," and having signed his name returned to his seat. The tECRETTARY again called each member of Synod in succession, the Clergymen being first called and Lsymen next, to make and sign the requisite declaration. Hymn 118th--"My Goi and is thy table spread "-was then suno; after which the Archdeacon and the Canous proceeded in the Communion Service. The Rev. Canon White read the E-sistlo from Acts I., 12.26. The Gospel was John XXI., 15-17, and wae read by Rev. Canon Tyrrel. The following members of Synod answered to their names: -CLERGY : Venerab!o Arch deacon Child, Canons Selwyn, White, Tyrerl. Revs. F. W. Addams, S. Simum, J. J. Nash, B. E. Shaw, F. D. Bode, C. Walsb, W. C. Hawkins, W. S. Wilson. John Shaw, H. S. Millard, Husband.Smith, A. Shaw, C. D. Newman, C, M. Mills, J. W. Upjohn, A. C. Thomas, W. Tollis, G. H. Johnstone, J. A. Boake, T. D. Warner, W. Marshall, W. K. Colyer, W. Lund, J. Dixon. LaY EPREnSENTrTIVEs : Messrs. IR. L Alison, E. W. Bearby, 3. J. Bolding, Charles Bolton, J. N. Brooks, S. Clift, J. Cooper, H. B. Cotton, T. Evans, A. J. Gould, F. A. Hoely, A. Hickey, J. J. Holmes, W. R. Logan, John Lee, J. P. Luke, J. C. S. M'Donall, E. PaInell, W. Pears, C. Sweetland, R. W. Thompson, E. White, Fred. It. White, J. Windeyer, and P. W. Wright. After the celebration of the Holy Com munion the members adjourned to toe City Hall. After prayer, the Pnesn?rcuT (Archdeacon Child) delihvered the opening address. He said that the occasion which had brougeht them together that day was no ordinary one. It was the first time that a Syuod of the church in New South Wales had been sum moned to elect or appoint a Bishop. Hither to, the Mother Church in England had sent men to' rule over the dioceses, and on the whole the appointments had been generally wise and acceptable. Now they were about to bring into operation for the first time the course agreed upon four years ago by the Bishop, clergy, and laity of this diocese assembled. It remained now to be seen whether the principle of self-govern ment now placed within their reach would be exercised wisely and well and for the good of the Church. lhue eyes of the Church, not only in Australia and Tasmania, but of the whole world were upon them. BHe prayed that they might be guided by Him who was over all, to use the occasion rightly with wisdom, with discretion, and above all with charity. (Hear, hear). Heo prayed that the man whom they might elect-if it were de termined that they should elect might be a man full of faith and the Holy Ghost; one whom in their consciences they b-lieved to be of such sufficiency in good learning, such soundness in the faith, and of such virtuous and pure manners and godly conversation, that he would be apt and meet to receive the office of a Bishop to the honour of God and the edifying of his Church, and to bh a wholesome example to the church of Christ. (Hear, hear). The President then proce-ded to relate the steps that had been taken in connection with the appointment since he last addressed them in May. The stations in which, by the late Bishop's will, the Diocese had so large an int rest, had been examined by Mr. F. R. White. Much anxious and careful consideration had been given to the prosperity of the statioas.for the next three years, from June 30, 1870, to June 30, 1882. The conclusion arrived at was that, if all things went on favourably, the interest on the endowment of the See, £20,300, could be paid before the termination of the year ending June 30, 1]80, and with greater certainty tihe following years. It was well, however, that he should state, that should the executors, from adverse cir cumstances, find themselves unable to pro vide the means for the first year, that the same good layman who had inspecttd tLe eta tions in Brenda, had offered to advance one third of the income, for Ihe first year, without interest, if others would come forward and advance the remainder. (Hear, hear.) Before the termination of this special mission, he (the President) considered that it would be desirable thllit the Synod should in some way determine to whom, and in what manner the Episcopal income should be paid, before the arrival of a new dishop. (He then read the correspondence re specting the election of a Bishop for the diocese, which had passed between his Lord ship the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, the Trustees, and himself, and also the Bishop's mandate euthorising the Vicar-General of the diocese (Archdeacon Child) to convene a special session of the Synod, and to ta!eo all other necessary methods for the purpose re quired. It was, therefore, in accordance with that mandate, that the members of the Synod had met that morning to perform their part towards fulfilling the vacancy in the See of Newostle, created by the decease of their late reverend Bishop. He remind,.d the members that the provisions of the Ordinance for electing a Bishop were not of that elastic character that they could depart from them at will, or override them by the standing orders. He then gave several excellent and praiseworthy suggestions as to conducting the proowedings, reminding them that it was possible for some of the nominees to be ab sent, or some thousands of miles away, and thaet, therefore, it was necessary for the credit of the Synod that everything should be of a Christian-like character. He then suggested as a preliminary s:ep, the propriety of an ad jouramennt, in order that all the members, both lay and clerical, should hold an open conference before they proeerod to the nomi. nation of candidates, a conference whith would have an opportunity of considering calmly and fairly .the qu?liticatlons of those clergymen who were to be nominated, without the presence of any others than members of the Synod. He would, however, be ready to leave the decision on this poinr, or any other mode of canducting such a discussio, to the "Synod itself, so long as it did not trespass rn the lines of the ordiance, or infringe on the standing orders. (Hear, hear ) He thou proceeded to explain the details of the pros cribed method of nomination and balloting, and closed an excellout address by exhorting the members to go to the duty they had in hated without prejudice, favor, or affecotion, to be firm in what was nght; to do all ithat they were about to do in the fear and fir the glory of God and for thee boutfitf His church, entd. with wisdom, prudence, and lve. (Ap plause.) The PDESIDENT then declared the Synod duly opened for the transaction of business. On the motion of thee Rev. Canon SELW?N, sacooded by Mr. R. XV; Tctomo0, the Synod adjourncdtill 4 p.m. ArraRooN FrITTrrro. The Synod resumed at 4 o'clock. The PriIsenXNT read a letter of apologt front Mr. E. Reeve, of Brisbane Water, for hi4 unavoidable absence. The Rev. Canon SELWYN rose to move a motion, which might, at first sight, appear to some to be singular and inappropriate. It wes, " That the House do now adjourn until lhlf past 7 that evening." (Hear, hear,) He thought all members wouldagree with him iu saying that they. should know by eome means all that could be known about the persons upon whom the vote s would be taken, and one of whom the Synod would elect. The ordinance did not provid.s any means whatever by which any information could be laid before the members upon this subject, in order to enable them to vote. He felt sure. that the members were desirous of having s)me reliable information before they were called upon to vote. (Ap. plause.) It was not improper for him to state that many of the private membere of Synod had consulted together to ascertain by what means they could arrive at the posses. sion of this information, and to discuss other matters in connection with it. It had been considered that the only way in which they would arrive at such information, was by the members of the Synod deciding (directly the proposed adjournment had been carried), to form themselves into a conference, for the open consulting upon this business. (Hear, hear.) They could remain where they were, elect a chairman, and discuss, with the ut. most freedom, all the matters in connection with this important subject. All information could be given, questiouns could be asked and answered, in afriendly spirit, and they could thus arrive at the best solution of the ques tion. (Applause.) Mr. R. W. Tcoanesox warmly seconded the motion. Some discussion ensued as to the propriety of adjourning until half past 10 on Thursday and finally the motion was put by the Presi dent and declarod carried unauimously. The Synod adjourned accordingly, until half-past 7. 