GENERAL NEWS. We are» informed'by'Messrs.. J. Stilling end. Co..that the s.s. Aconcagua, which left the Semaphore at 2.30 a,m. on the 17th inat., passed Breahaea Island at 7 a.m. on the;20tn. inst. Th^inembers of the Robert Emmet; As sociation will hold a public meeting; to- morrow ' evening at the Flagstaff Hotel, to. consider the advisability of establishing a reading-room and library in connection with the organisation. There is already a band of eighteen performers ' ^connected with the Association. V:4The Worshipful Judge of the Vice . Admiralty Court (the Chief Justice) sat on 'Monday, July 21, when the case of the Nioara •guan barque.Gourierwas mentioned. A reform [of jthe libel was allowed; and next Monday was [fixed for the bringing in of the pleal The Court adiburhedTor a> fortnight; with a'viewr-of allow ing time for admitting the plea and assuming"-a[ day forproof&j; ' \- A -paragraph has appeared in our shipping.. columns stating that some uneasiness was ,caus«l by the non-appearance of the schooner Windward, 49 tons, which left the Mersey, Tas ■ mania^iorI -Tuesday mornings■ letters - were received d>y Messrs, Wicksteed & Co.,ofthe Port, Recounting, for the ahsence"of_the.'ibhpdner by 's" ' ing that she got on the rooks at [the Hummocks oh' July 2 and became a tqtarwreck. . „ . The rainfall;between 9 a.in. on Mon day And the' same hour on Tuesday is reg?: tered as follows":— " ' AliceJSpripgs... ,2100 Barrow Creek... 0 950 Cape Borda ... 0010 Cape Jervis 0 090 Charlotte Wtrs. 0 340 Mannum ... 0010 Meningie ... 0-040 Millicent ... 0-030' Mt. Barker" ... 0 090 A meeting of, ratepayers.in tie district of Glanvillewas held at the Thornton Hotel, Thornton, on Monday evening, July. 21. 'There ■ were • about 30 present, and the Chairman of the district (Mr. George Willimofit): presided. The balance-sheet, which was..considered very -satisfactory, was passed as read, and a motion' for urate af a shilling in the pound was carried by a majority of one, the amendment beiag in faVor of a fifteenpenny rate. A loug discussion took place in reference to the Cougate-street Wharf, one .section of : the meeting >,being for disposing of the . wharf, and- another for retaining psssesaion.and calling for tenders foritB lease. .It was decided by a majority of one that the wharf should not be cold but leaced. on condition ;that the.Council ;were reserved certain rights. The subject of: the embankment encroaching on the late Mr. A. Godden'a laud was discussed, and the matter was left, in the hands of the Council to do as they thought best. The Council was highly complimentad for the; manner in- which they had carried, out their duties during the past year. ! Mt. Pleasant... 0'058 Mt. Torrens ... Q'040 Normanville .... 0'040 Port Elliot' ... Q 030 Robe- ... ^ ... 0030 Stratbalbyn O'lOO Willuisga . 0-055 Yorketown ... 0'060 An extraordinary meeting of shareholders; in the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company was'held at the. office King William-' street, on Monday morning, July 22, to consider the claim made against the Company by. the late Engineer and Manager Mr. B. Boothby. There was about 30 persons present, and Mr. W.; Townsend, M.P., Chairman of the Directorate,! presided. The Chairman explained that a letter had beenreceivedfromMessrs. Symon & Bakewell on behalf of Mr. Boothby, claiming £1,253 6s. 8d. from the Company, and stating that if the claim werenot met proceedings wonld.be taken for its recovery.., He explained that in the'hrsti place Mr. Boothby received £150 for prelimi-i nary work in floating the Company! Then he; made, a claim of 5 per cent, on £14,009, and this was . considered in connection with the qneBtion of retaining'his services permanently, it being decided to retain him as engineer and manager at a salary of £500 per year. Mr. , Boothby appeared to be'quite content that the claim should be merged into the palary,. signed all his receipts for his salary as engineer snd manager, and at" the' last meetings .in the presence of the shareholders," acknowledged that' he had ho ciaim against the Com pany. _ The.; claim' of 5 psr cent." was made in February, 1872, and it was then that Mr. Boothby had his choice of a fixed salary or a Commission. The Directors were astonished at the most extraordinary claim now set-up by. Mr. Boothby and had determined to resist it at all points. After a discussion, on the. motion of the Hon. A-Hay, seconded by Mr. O: Glover, the Directors were empowered to take ali necessary steps for resisting the claim. The Full Court is to sit in Banco this morning at the usual time. The bonds for the Corporation loan of £15,000 were issued to the trustees of the ^Savings Bank on Monday. . ;V. Immediately after the appointment of the Select Committee to enquire into the question of the construction ofthe Rivoli Bay Bail way the,. .Commissioner o2 Public,'Works, caused a telegram to he "dispatched to Mr. T. Higin Jiptham,; late Engineer-in;CHief of'Yictoria, ..asking him. to make: an inspection of the line and report thereon, and to give evidence before the $elect Committee.; To this' request Mr. Higinbotham has repliedj stating that he will undertake the duty!. The Commissioner has.nn doubtedly acted, wisely in . obtaining the ; services of such a man as Mr.Higmbbtham.than" whom it would have bei-a impossible to have .found onempre suitable to do what is requisite' jn,order to "settle the question, as to whether this line haB been, properly constructed or hot." Mr. Higinbotham is a man of the highest integrity, of marked ability,, and has had .a, .long and -yMuable experience in his ^profession, all, the "pnncipkl lines in Yietoria 'hiving been con structed under his supervision. V. Mr. Higih botliam will leave Melbourne for, the South-East this week. V." ' . . The/Directors of the Mercantile Marine and Fire Insurance Company of South Australia have declared a dividend of Is. per share and a bonuB of 2s. per share, payable on the 1-st August next. \ " 7 ; - :: : .A.single, womp' named-Ann Parish was confined of twins in Hindmarsh-square, on Mon day, July 21. As soon as her condition was ascertained she was taken-to the Destitute Asylum.: : : : A meeting of .300 Catholics, -held at Dunedin on July 8, under the presidency of the ' Eight' Rev. Dr. Morau, adopted' a .petition to the House of Representatives, in which they assert •—5'That a system of free, secular, and compulsory education is in direct opposition to"" their conscientious convictions; that conse quently they are unable to avail themselves of it, and are compelled to provide for their own children, and,at their own sole expense, Chris tian schools; that they consider it a hardship and.an injustice that these schools should be re •fused aid1 out of public funds, to" which tbby contribute equally, with .their fellow-citizens.": A writer in Mayfair, in discussing the subject of the existence of ghosts, relates an ex- traordinary story, which he says has not only made him helieve in ghosts ever since he heard it, but makes him quake at the thought of them. Here is the story :- A young Frenchman who had lost his betrothed on the eve of marriage believed he saw her every night in her bridal dress. His friends to show him the folly of his belief dressed a twin sister of the deceased in a dress precisely similar and placed her at the head of the widowed bridegroom's bed exactly "at the hour the spirit came. He looked up, and crying out, "Ah ciel! en voila deux!" fell back dead on his pillow. "The fatal accident which occurred during a football match at Talbot formed the subject of a majesterial enquiry"- the Clunes Guardian states, "when Mr. C.W.Carr, P.M., took evidence as to the circumstances which attended the death of Robert Crooks, jun. A number of witnesses were examined, and although searching questions were asked by some of the Jurymen as to the manner in which the game was played, all the evidence went to prove that the sad occurrence was purely acc-i dental, and that no greater roughness than ap- pears to be inseparable from the game was used by either side. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death." A meeting of the Eight Hours Associa tion wbb held at the Working Men's Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, July 21, to take into consideration the manner of celebrating the approaching anniversary, and to appoint a Com mittee to carry out the arrangements. There. was a good attendance of the members of the Association, who were presided over 'by Mr. S. Webster. He stated that last-year, when the scene, of-the: festivities was ' at Torfens Island, two parties came down'from Adelaide to join tbemi bnt!he was sorry to say that although agreat deal of correspondence had tajken place on the subject, he found- that the Work ing Men's Association in Adelaide had already made arrangements^ for its anniversary, and they , must therefore either join them or have a . demonstration amongst themselves. Af ter some discussion the latter coarse was adopted, and1 '• the;date fixed was September I. A Committee, of twelve were chosen to make the necessary arrangements, and the meeting closed. i "With reference to the arrangements made by the Committee of the Aborigines Friends' Association for the discharge of the duties con nected with the management of the Mission Station at Point Macleay, we are requested to elate that whilst Mr. F. W. Taplin has been appointed Acting-Superintendent the school is stUl carried on by Mr. T. A. Ophel, who has for the last twelve years assiduously and faithfully labored in that department, and often, in the absence of the Superintendent, discharged his ministerial duties as well. In a place where there are generally more than a hundred resi ... . i dent natives, where the operations of a farm and a sheep station are to be conducted, besides the distribution of rations and education of the children, it will be understood that the work of supervision is somewhat onerons and varied, more especially as nearly all the farm and sta tion work, including building, is done by the natives; who receive regular payment, according to the value of their labor. Many of the blacks have, by the encouragement thus offered to industrious habits, been enabled to earn a good Jiving on their own account when not employed at the Mission Station. In consequence of the failure of the last harvest the station has not been able to employ so. many this year as psnal, so that the aborigines have had to bear their s^are m the general depression. - - v0iie'-6f'tHe weaknesses of "Society"is; thus commented on-by a writer in Trutfij—I have no patiences with the 1 hard'-female code which allows no statute-of limitation. Accord-: ing to -this; code1 the question is not so much! what a woman is, but whatshe was. 'When: that ill*u6ed woihan,>Lady Twiss, was hounded out: of society, I remember saying to a Bishop's! wife, who whs observing with a shudder that she had'known her,rIf your husband were really" te practise the doctrines that he preaches; he would request" you to drire in the park every' day with her. Mary Magdalene was thought ' good-enough - company for the Founder of our: religion, and Lady "Twissj who is an excel lent . wife, ; ought ; to be good enough; company • for you. Half the womeu who: are open-mouthed against her are Mag-; dalenes who have never repentad, and who; have simply not been found out because their, little, weaknesses are so notorious that the: world is benevolently blind to them." Not! being one of the softer sex myself, I sympathise! with the efforts of ladies who may have had a rather doubtful past to re-enter the ranks of: the respectable, nor do I impute this to them as; a crime. What trouble do they give themselves to attain social recognition! Then when they have wearily built themselves up some little nest, and only ask to.be allowed to sit .quietly ip it. Bome "excellent person sternly shakes the: tree, and all their labour has been vain; do wn: comes the nest toppling about their ears, and' they are sent forth to wander after 'some new perch amid the Grundyan jeers o? those whom they have never harmed. As already mentioned, news has been re ceived of the death of Mr. Kobert Page,formerly of this city, at Yokohama, on May 9. When residing in Adelaide the deceased gentleman held.a position in the Bank of South Australia.^ He bad intended to leave Japan for Australia' on the 23rd of May. last, but owing to his health giving way he was compelled to relinquish that idea. Mr. H. Stodart has received a letter dated: May 11,.giving particulars which will be inte resting to Mr. Page's many friends in Adelaide.' The letter is written by Mr. Geo. Waachope, who says:—"It is iny painful duty to inform you of the death of our mutual friend, Mr: Bobert Page, who breathed his last in my house on the 9th instant after a long though painless illness. The actual cause of death was disease of the heart, aggravated by congestion of the left lung. It will be grati fying for hiB friends to know that both amongst foreigners; and natives here he was highly respected, and was the recipient of much kind ness from a large circle of friends. A document handed to me yesterday from the Minister of Finance respecting his services to the Japanese government, which will be forwarded with other papers later on, will speak for itself, as showing that our poor friend had, when in the service of the Government, performed the duties that devolved upon him to the entire satisfac; tion of his superiors. The funeral took place yesterday, and he was" followed to his last resting-place by a large number of sorrowiug friends." Mr. Wauchope adds that it is the in tention of the friends of the deceased gentle man in Japan to erect a suitable tombstone over his grave as a token of their respect. The Superintendent of Eire Brigades had the Adelaide Fire Brigade out for drill on Mon day morning, July 21, at half-past 6 o'clock. Fourteen firemen with four reels from the South Adelaide stations and three firemen from North Adelaide answered when the muster roll was called. The Superintendent addressed the men on the necessity for strict obedience to orders issued'at fires, and briefly and feelingly referred to the sad death of their late oificer . (Acting Superintendent Higgs). He was away at Kan garoo Island when the melancholy accidenj happened which deprived them of their com manding officer, and shortened his own leave of absence. The reason he had in thus referring to this sad subject was to thank the Adelaide and Port Adelaide firemen for giving their time and attention to the very proper observance of .the obsequies for the interment of a fellow fire man. The Superintendent then informed the brigade that Mr. Hendry had resigned, and that "Mr. Phillips would for the future act as foreman, and have the charge of No. 7 reel, which would remain .on Messrs..'G. & B. Will's & Co.'s. premises, Fisher's-place. The firemen were then exercised find, instructed in coiling hose and in the use of the various implements. After this the two-horse reels were stationed at separate fireplugs aud ex changed places^ and went through the usual practice dnd trial of skill and quickness in throwing water. No. 1 Beel was. the first to have water on, and No. 2 Beel was nearly as quick. Three lengths of hose were ran off from each reel attached. to the standpipe, and water "turned on" and "shut off," the hose reeled up, and alLready to commence again in two minutt: and a half. The hand-reels did not compete in this practice j as their hose and implements were used JEor other drill. All the reels and imple- - ments were clean.and in good working order, : and the firemen went through their drill in a willing and praiseworthy manner. A serious affray with natives near Mait land is thus referred to by our correspondent at that"place On Saturday night, July 19, our usuklly orderly township was thrown into a state of pxcitement by; a report that the natives camped at North Maitland were all drunk, and that Trooper Dowleans had been nearly lulled by them. It appears that at about 6 o'clock Dr. Engelbardt, near whose residence the natives were camped, became alarmed at the unustial noises they were making, "and . sent for the trooper, who went to the place accompanied by Messrs. Carter and Jas. Hawse;. Trooper Dow leans, in trying to arrest one of the natives, was severely handled, and would undoubtedly have been killed had it not been for James Hawse. Wad dies and large stones were used, and the natives (two men and two women) fought like fiends. Carter was knocked down insensible by a blow from a stone on the back of his head. Trooper Dowleans,. who behaved pluckily throughout,, was also knocked down, severely bitten on one leg and one hand, and sustained some frightful bruises on the face and head. .The three white men returned to the township for assistance,but poor Do wleans was thoroughly incapacitated. His wounds, were dressed |by Dr. Engelhardt, Carter's wound being attended to by Dr.VBrowb. Mr, H. Lamshed, J,P., then organised a party of men tO go to the camp and arrest the natives, but on arriving there only the two women could be found, who were at once secured and locked up. They divulged the name of the; white man who. supplied them with liquor, and on his being confronted with'the women he confessed his guilt. He is now in . custody^ Trooper Gleeson and Sergeant Cock, of Moonta, and two others were out all day on Sunday in search of the two black meu, but have not yet succeeded in .arresting them. Trooper Dowleans's wounds are serious, and it will be at least a month before he can resume duty. The person who supplied them with liquor is, I understand, a stranger looking-for work." On Monday the two women were brought before the Magistrates at Maitland, and sent to gaol for a fortnight for drunken ness. The man who supplied the drink was fined £10, and, in default of payment, ordered to be imprisoned for three monthB. As soon as the blackfellows are arrested they, .with the women, will be charged with assaulting Trooper Dowleans. Sporting men "will hear with satisfaction that in view of the Newmarket Kaces on August 6 arrangements have been made for a special hunt early next week. . There was an excellent attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, when Henry was'repeated with the: customary success. .'Those who have not seen this magnificent play shoold jiot miss the last opportunities of seeing it, as when withdrawn it wiH not be. reproduced. On Friday evening Mr., Bignold. will take a benefit, when he will appear in his. original character1 of Colonel "Challace, in Palgrave Simpson's comedy-drama " Alone" — a part which be played for over 100, nights at; the Court Theatre; London, and in which helmet with great success in the .other colonies.i He will also appear as William in Donglas Jerrpld's nautical drama " Black-eyed Snsan." - 