THE HERALD'S PRIZE POEM ON THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIMTION. (BY HENRY KENDALL.) (From the S.M.Herald). The following is the "Prize Poem" dedicated to the Exhibition from the pen of Mr. Henry Kendall, of Camden Haven, New South Wales. Now, while Orion, flaming south, doth set A shining foot on hills of wind and wet Far haughty hill» beyond tho fountains eold And delfs of glimmering greenness manifold While August sings tho advent of the Spring, And in thu calm is hoard September's wing, Thc lordly voice of song 1 ash of thee, High deathless radiance-crowned Calliopo! What though wo novor bearii the groat god'B lays Which made all music the Hellenic days Wlint though tho faeo of thy fair heaven beams Still only on the crystal Grecian Btrcams What though a shy of new strange beauty shines Where no whito Dryad sings within tho pines : Koro is a land whoso large imperial griicu Must tempt theo, goddess, in thine holy placo 1 Hero aro tho dells of peace and plcuiluiic, Thc hills of morning and tho slopes of noon ; Here are the waters dear to days of blue, And dark-green hollows of thu iiumitido dow ; Hero lien tue harp, by fragrant woodwinds fanned. That waits tho coming of thy quickening hand ! And shall Australia, framed mid set in seo. August with glory, wait in vain for theo 1 Shall moro than Tempe's beauty bo unsung liecauso its shine is strange-its colours young '! No Í by thu full live light which puts to ahumo Thu far fair splendours of Thessaliaii Hame, Hy yonder forest psalm which sinks mid swells Like that of l'houis, grave with oracles lly deep prophétie winds that como mid go, Where whispering springs of pondering mountains How, J5y 1 iito-liko leaves and muny.langunged caves, Vi'hero sounds tho strong hosanna of tho waves, This great now Majesty shall not romain Uuliouourcd hy thu high immortal strain I .Soon, soon, tho music of thu southern lylo Shall start and blossom with n speech Uko Ino I Soon, soon, shall llower and How in llamo divino Thy songs, Apollo, and Ku torpe, thine 1 Strong, shining sons of IJcIphicus shall riso With nil their Father's glory in their oyes ; And then shall beam un yonder slopes and springs, The light thal swims upon thu light of things. And therefore, lingering in a laud of lawn, J, standing here, a singer of tho Dawn, With gaze upturned to where wan summits lio Against the morning, llowing up tho sky, \\\ lioso oyes in dreams of immy colours seo A glittering vision of tho yours to bo Do ask of theo, Calliope, uno hour Of life pro-eminent with perfect power, That I may leave a song whose lonely rays May shiuu hereafter from these songless days. Kor now tlioro brooks across thu faint groy milgo Thu rose-red dawning of ii radiant chungo. A soft Hwect voicu ia in tho Valleys ileuji, Wlicio Darkness droops and sings itself to sleep. The grnvo-muto woods, that yot tho silence hold Of dim dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Yon eastern cape that meets the straitened wavo A twofold tower above tho whistling cave Whoso strength in thunder, shields the gentle len, And makes a white wreath of li league nf sea Now wears tho faco of peace ; mid, in tho hay, Tho weak spent voico of Winter dica away. In every dell there is n whispering wing ; On every lawn, a glimmer of tho Spring ; Hy every bill, aro growths of tender green ¡ On every slope, a fair new lifo is seen, And, lo, beneath tho morning's blossoming (Ires, Tho shining City of n hundred spires 1 In mists ol' gold, hy countless havens furled, And glad with nil thu Hags of all thu World 1 TIICHO uni tho shores where, in n dream of fear, Cathay anw darkness dwelling hnlf tho yonr I These mo the coasts thnt old fallacious talus Chained down with icu and ringed with sleepless gales V This is tho land Hint, in tho hour of im o, Killin Ludinn punks tho rapt Venetian BIIW 1 J 1ère is tho long gray lino of strange sea-wall That checked the prow of tho audacious Child, What timo ho steered towards the southern snow, Kunu /ono tn zone-four hundred yours ngn ! Itv yonder gulf, whoso mulching waters meet Tho wino.durk currents from tho isles of hunt, Strong sons of Kiiropo, in a far dim year, Kneed ghastly foes mid felt tho alien spear ! There, in a hiter dawn, hy shiplcss waves, Thu tender grasses found forgotten graves. Kur in the weat, beyond those hills sublime, Dirk Hartog anchored in tho otilen timo : There, by a wild-faced hay, and in a cloTt, His shining nama tho fair-linircd Northman luff. And, on those bread Imperial wutors far, Beneath thu lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasman duwil a great mid glowing spaco, Whoso Bolter lights wero like his Indy's face, In dreams nt her ho roved from 7.0110 to zone, And gave hor lovoly mime lo coasts unknown ; And saw in streaming smiBut ovorywhero The curious bounty of her golden hair, By Haming trnots of tropio afternoon, Whut o in low heavens bunga a fourfold moon, Here, ou tho tides of a resplendent year, I By capos of jasper, carno the buccaneer. Then-then the wildman, flying from tho hooch, First hoard tho clear,' hold sounds of English speech ; Aud thou first fell across a southern plain > ;'> .' ' ? ? ?'' Tho broad, strong shadows of a Saxon train, Near yonder wullof statbly cliff that braves Tho,arrogance of congregated waves, Thc during sou of gray old Yorkshire stood, Aud dreamed in a majestic sotitudo, ' What time a gentle April shed its ahowors. Aflamo with sunset on the Bay of Flowers. Tho noblo seaman who withhold the hand, And spared tho Hector of his native laud Tho single savago yelling on tho beach The dark strango cursos of barbaric speech ! Exalted sailor ! whoso heuignnnt phrase Shines full of beauty in these hitter duyB ; Who met the nuked tribes of tiery skies With grout divine compassion in his eyes ; Who died, liku Him ot hoary Nazareth, , . That death august--tho radiant martyr's death ; Who in tho last hour showed the Christian face, Whoso crumbling beauty shamed thu alien race. In peuce he sloops where deep eternal calms Lie round tho lands of heavy-fruited palms. Lo ! in that doll, behind a singing bar, Whore deep puru pools of glittering waters arc, ' Beyond a mossy yellow.gleatniug glade, Thu last of Forby Sutherland was laid Thu blue-eyed Saxon from tho hills of snow Who full asleep a hundred yeurs ugo. In llowerfnl shades where gold anti green aro rifo Still rests tho sholl of his forgotten lifo. Fur, fur away, beneath some northorii sky. The fathers of his humble household Ho ; But, by his lonely gravo, ara sapphire streams, * And gracious woodlands, where tho Hr elly gleams ; Aud ever comes ncross a silver lea The hymn sublimo of the eternal sea. Un that bold hill, against a broad blue stream, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream, What timo tho mists of morning westward rolled, And heaven dowered on a bay of gobi I Hore, in thu hour that shines and sounds afar, Flumed first oh! England's banner liko a star ; Here, in a timo august with prayer and praise, Was born the Nation of these splendid days ; And hero this laud's majestic Yesterday Of immemorial «¡lenco died away. '. Wliei'o aro tho woods tliat, ninety suininar bach. Stood hoar with'ngas hy tho wutor-truck.ï Whero are tho valleys of tho Hashing wing, Tho dim green margins, and the glimmering springt Where now thu warrior of the forest nico, His glaring war-paint and his fearless fneo ? Tho hanks of April and thc groves of hird, Tho glades of silence and tho pools unstirred, Tile gleaming savage, and the whistling spear! Passed with tho passing of a wild old year 1 A single torrent singing hy the wave, A shadowy relic in a mountain eave, A ghost of lire in immemorial hills, Tito whittled tree hy fidded wayeido rills, Thu call of hird that hides in hollows far, Whcro feet of thunder, wings of winter, aro Of idl that l'ast, these wrecks of wind and rain, Tliesu touching memories-thcBO alone romain. What Bim is this that beams and broadens west ? What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed? What strange, sweet harp of highest god took Haine And gave this Troy its life, its Tight, its name? What awful lyre of marvellous power mid rango Upraised this Ilion-wrought this dazzling change ? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams Set yonder splendour hy the morning streams I No god, who glimmers in a doubtful sphere, Shod glory thero-created beauty here I This is thu City that our fathers framed These are the crescents by thu elders named I The human hands of strong heroic men Bioko down tho mountain, Ulled thu gaping glen. Kan streets through swamp, built banks against tho foau And bent.tho arch, and raised tho lordly domo ! Hero uro the towers that tho Founders made 1 Here aru the temples where thosu Iloniaus prayed 1 Hero stand tho courts in which their leaders mot! Hero are their homes, and hero their altars yet I Here sleep the good old men whose lives sublimo Of thought and action shiuu aud sound through timo Who worked in darkness- onward fought their ways To bring about these large mujostio days Who loft their sons tho hearts and high desires AYhich built this City of thc Handled Spires I A stittuly Muming rises on thu wing, Tim lulls taite colour, mill thc valleys sing. A bright September Hames boyonil the lea A silver visioti on a silver sea. A new Ago " cast in a diviner mould " Comes crowned with lustre, zoned and shod willi gold I What Dream in this on lawny-spaces set! What Miracle of dome and minaret ! What great mute Majesty itt this that takes Tho lirst of morning ero tho songbird wakes! l.o, this was built, to honour gathering hinds, I ty Celtic, Saxon, Australasian hands ! These nro tho Halls whero all tho Hags unfurled liruuk into speech that welcomes all the world. And lo, our friends aro here from every zone From isles wo drenm of, and from tracts unknown? Here nra tho fathers from tho stately spaco Where Ireland is, and England's sacred faco ; Hero uro tile Norsemen front their strong sea-wall, Thu gravo grand Teuton and the brilliant Gaul ! From green sweet groves tho dark-eyed I.uslans sail, And proud Hierin loaves tho grapo-llushcd vale. Hero are the lords whose sturrydinnnor shines Front fierce Magellan to tile A retie pines ! Hero como tho strnngors from tho gatos of Day From hills uf sonriso and from wluto Cathay. Tho spicy islands send their swarthy sous ; Tho lofty North, its mailed and mighty unes. Venetian keels aro (louting on our sen ; Our eyes are glad with radiant Italy ! Yea, North and South, and glowing West mid East, Aro gathering boro to griicu mir splendid feast, Tho chiefs fruin peaks august with Asian snow, Tho elders boru where regal roses grow, Como hither, with tho ilower of that fair land That blooms beyond thu dory tracts of saud Where Syrian suns their angry hiBtrcs liing Across blind channels of tho bygono spring. And, on this grout auspicious day, thu Howers Of Labour glorify majestic hours. Tho singing angel from tho sturry sphoro Of dazzling Science shows his wonders herc. And Art, tho ilream-clnd spirit, starts, and brings From Fairyland her strange sweet glittering tilinga. Hero aro tho works niau did what timo his faco Was touched hy (¡od ill sumo exalted place. I Hore glows the splendour-here, thu marvel wrought I When Heaven Hashed upon tho maker's thought ! Yen, here aro all tho miracles sublime Tho lights of (¡unios mid thu stars of Time ! And, hoing lifted hy this nohlo noon, Australia broadens Uko a tropic moon, flor white puru lustro hearns across tho /.ones; Thu Nations grout her from their awful thrones. From heneo tho morning bounty of hor uamo Will shinu afar, liku nu exceeding Haine. Her place will bo with mighty lords, whoso sway Controls tho thunder und tho marching day. Her crown will shine beside thc crowns nf kings Who slinpo the seasons, rulo tho cotirso of things. Tho faiuu of her across the years to bo Will spread like light on a surpassing son ; And graced with glory, girt with power august, Her life will Inst till nil things turu to dust I To Thee, tho fnoo of Song ia lifted now 0\. Lord, tu whom thu awful mountains bow ; Whoso hands unseen thu tenfold storms control ; Whoso thunders shako tho spheres from polo to polo; Wim, from thu highest heaven lockest down, Thu sen Thy footstool, mid tho nun Thy crown i Around whose throne thu deathless planets sing 1 Insumías to their high eternal King To then, the soul of prayer thia morning turns, With faith that glitters and with liopu thnt burns 1 And, in tho liniments of majestic calm That lill thu heart in pansus of tho psalm, She asks Thy blessing for this fair young land That Howers within tho hollow of Thine hand I Shu Heeks of Theo that boon, that gift sublime, The Chi Intimi radiance, fur this hupe of Timo 1 And Thou wilt listen : mid Thy face will bond To smile upon us-Master, Father, Friend ! The Christ, to whose pure pleading heart hath crept, Was human once, and in tho darkness wept i Tho gracious Love that helped us long ugo Will on us Uko n Humilier sunrise How ; And ho n light to guido tho Nation's feet On holy paths-on sacrod woy», and sweot. 