NEWS OF THE DAY. Sir Hercules Bohinson, accompanied by hi i daughter nnd son-in-law, Mr and Mrs Finlny, left Melbourne for Colnc this morning, en route for Glenormiaton. A state carriago was attached to the ordinary tram leaving Mel bourne at C.30 a.m. ; hut beyond this tho journeying of tho distinguished visitor was unnoticed. By tho 11.10 n.m, train, Sir George Bowen, accom panied by Mr Warner, left for Geelong whence he will bo conveyed by special train to Colnc. Beyond tho fact that a State saloon carriage was attached to tlie train, tlie de parture of his Excellency wns unnoticed, and but few on tho platform, wero awnro of it. The Governor wns accompanied to his car riage by Major Pitt and Sir Labortouche. From our telegraphic columns, it will bo seen that the police have arrested, under the provisions of tlie Outlawry Aet, several sup posed friends of tlie ICellys. Mr Daniel Henderson writes as follows from Kynctou I perceive by your news- paper of tlie 3rd inst that Mr Itees lias truth fully contradicted, with somo irony and sncri- lege, the untruthful statement of tho Cnstlo- mnine Representative— a paper devoted to Mr Berry, " broken heads, and houses in flames." With regard to tlie moneys collected for nnd on my behalf, nnd placed under the control of n financial committee of five or six gentlemen, I hope that immediate stops will be taken by them to remove the doubts existing in the public mind about my mission to England, or tlint tlie balance in hand will he paid over to me to avoid unpleasant consequences. The so-called "joke" has gone far enough, nnd it must he stopped by serious repressive mea sures. The Wiberg case has reached a develop- ment if possible more startling than the escape. Detective Lovic, who has been stationed in Melbourne inquiring about the matter, re- ported to the detective superintendent last week that he had positively ascer- tained that Wiberg came up by the coach from Oakleigh railway station at Melbourne, on 31st December. Further, that he wore a slouched hat, and got out at Albert Park. This statement was met with a blank denial by Detective O'Donnell, who re- ported that, being in search of Wiberg, he came from Oakleigh in the very coach referred to by Lovie, and he swore positively that Wiberg was not there. O'Donnell rode on the box seat, and, according to Lovie, Wiberg was inside. The Chief Com- missioner has laudably published the whole circumstance in a bulletin circular sent round to every police station in Victoria. The following arc the deliveries of wheat flonr, nnd other produce nt tlie Spencer street station of the Victorian railways for the week ending 4th January Wheat, 10,037 hags; flour, 2107 hngs ; brail, 1948 bags ; pollard 229 hags ; oats, 2505 hags; peas, 50 hags; barley, 519 hags ; potatoes, 227 hags; chaff 3070 hags; onions' 01 hags. Total, 21,419 hags. It is by no means uncommon for the City magistrates to have to call tho attention of the liolice to the dealings of mnrine storekeepers. This morning Mr l'anton, when five small hoys were brought before him, charged with stealing lead, while discharging the hoys bccauso of his disinclination to herd them amongst hardened criminals, said that ho trusted a watoll would he kept by the police on the dealers, and if a chance offered tliey would ho rigorously punished. A well-known thief and rough, named Thomas Scott, was made a notable example of this morning in the City Court by Mr Fanton. It is the custom of a certain class here to infest tlie streets of the town, and King-street is one of tlieir favorite resorts. On Saturday night last tlie street wns fairly taken possession of by a crowd of about 200, whose conduct was so outrageous, that a policeman hnd his atten tion called to it, and endeavoured to disperse its members. Ho wns immediately set upon nnd assaulted with stones nnd other missiles. It so happened tlint Senior-constable Arm strong was passing, and lie, by using means allowable in cases of this sort, managed to arrest Scott, who maintained a desperate re sistance. There wns no dispute about tlie facts, and he was bound over to keep tlie peace for twelve months in two sureties of £200 each. This means imprisonment for tlie term. Patrick Mailer and Robert Oiogg wero also charged witli having been participators in tlie same disturbance, and wero fined 20s. each; or in default, fourteen days' imprison ment. Tlie conduct of a certain portion of the com munity is so hnd in the public reserves of tlie city tlint the police authorities have to tell off special constables in private clothes to watcli them. Yesterday Constable Thompson, while on this duty in private clothes, in Carlton Gardens, remonstrated with a couple mimed Bella Graham, alias ltainsbery, and Phillip ICelly, and lie wns set upon by both parties verbally, nnd struck by tlie male prisoner first, and the other one nfterwards. Fines of 20s and 10s, respectively, were inflicted. A most determined net of housebreaking nnd robbery was perpetrated at the residence of Dr. Gray, Collins street, on Saturday morning last. Most of the family were absent from homo. The house was entered and the follow ing property stolen : Cash to the amount of £125, including a cheque of Dr. Gray's for £1 8s, and also a cheque payable to Dr. Gray nnd drawn by Simpson and Lyall, for £7, with two deposit receipts on tlie Bank of Victoria for £000 each. The negocinble documents are, of course, stopped. _ At an inquiry held by tlie Steam Naviga tion Board this morning relative to the col lision between the St. Kilda and the Seagull, it was stated in evidence that a boat from the ormer vessel was out three hours to search for a man who hnd fallen overboard/ The weather was very dirty, and the ca large and rough, so that the mission was one of great danger, and the crew might have been jiardoned if they came hack in half the time. Captain Connor, of the St. ICilda, stated that lie never expected to see tho boat any more, as the sea was so rough. The man who had fallen overboard was a good swimmer, nnd must have taken cramp, or have been attacked by a shark, as the life. buoy was thrown within fifteen yards of him. . Mr Pnrvcs agreed with tho -Board to the fact that the greatest praise was duo to the boat's crew for their exertions in nttemptingto save the life of the seaman, as the boat filled with wntei' several times, and it was thought that she would swamp every minute. At tlie Fitzroy Police Court tln3 morning, a prepossessing young, woman, named Annie Payne, was charged with tlie larceny of seve ral articles i of value'- from the- dwelling- house of Mary Byrne, a married woman, living in ' Grattan street; Carlton. The property ..alleged . to ho stolen consisted of a gold brooch, a lady's jacket, and n pair of lady's boots. -Mary Byrne the prosecutrix, stated that tliedefendnnthad lived at her house up to tiic Gth November, when \- the intter loft, nnd some time afterwards wit- ness found tlie above-named articles missing. ;Tlie bench did not consider tlie evidence satisfactory, and discharged tho prisoner, with a hope that she would return home and amend her conduct. At tlie Fitzroy Police Court to-day a man, named Patrick Wren, was charged with ob scene language on the 25th inst. Constable Witney stated that on the day in question lie went to tlie house of tlie prisoner with a sum mons, when Wren began to abuse him, in a most disgraceful maimer, and made use of language of a threatening nature. Tho offence was clearly proved, and the bench inflicted a fine of 40s, or one month in default, adding while they did so that they were determined to put down this disgraceful conduct to wards tlie police in tlie execution of their duty. The absurd statements made by tho man, Llewelyn Thomas, who alleged tlint he had been nssnultcd and robbed of hishnrpon the 2nd' inst., prove now to he altogether unfounded, as the harp was found by some persons last night iu tile Grown Land Reserve, Latrohe street west, who are willing to give it up on receiving a reward, which, however, Thumas declines to give. A letter received by Mr Pigdon, ex-mayor of Melbourne, from the vice-consul of Shanghai, acknowledges the receipt of £900 which was tlie last instalment of the Chinese Famine Relief Fund. A meeting will probably he shortly held, when a balance sheet will ho presented, and the accounts-wound-up. The total sum subscribed amounts to but little under £-1000. Mr M'Tntyre, one of tlie members for Sand hurst, will Jeave Melbourne for Adelaide to morrow, with the view of intercepting the Lusitania, Tho object of ids trip is to wel come his son, who returns from England on hoard that vessel. Mr M'lntyre, jun., has graduated with high honors at Cambridge, and so adds another to the long list of colonial youths who have distinguished themselves in the leading educational institutions of the mother country. Tlie extent to which larrikinism is spreadum is simply nhirming. People nre afraid of mov ing about after dark, for fear tlint a hand of these ruffians should sweep on them and de prive them of tlieir property. . An example of this was illustrated,'- enrly yesterday morning, when a gentleman named '.Tames M'Coy wnspnssirip at the corner of Rosslyn'and William streets, lie' was seized by tlireo vaga bonds, and firmly secured by two while the third rifled his pockets of all the cash ho lia-.I on him and the watch and chain lie wns wearing, nnd not satisfied with tlie cash nnd other articles tlioy deprived the unfortunate Mr M'Coy of his boll- topper and left him liatless in tlie streets. Tlie police nre engaged in tracing tho perpe trators of tho daring crime, and have a sus picion of who they arc. To- day Elliston, tho late chief mate of the steamship Avoca, appears on remand at tlie Bow street Police Court, in London, to answer to the charge of stealing 5000 sovereigns from tlint vessel. Dctcctivc|Mackoy, who is no doubt in England by this, will produce the confession of Mnrtin Wihorg against Elliston, hut how far this will he taken when it is known tlint Wiberg lias escaped, is a question that involves grave doubts. Ill n day or two tele graphic information will he received as to how the Bow street magistrates have acted. The works on tho railway lino from Warren- lieip to Gordon (says the Gordon nnd Ballan Advertiser) are progressing very slowly, and the attention of tlie. Minister of Railways should at once be called to the fnct, for if the line is not finished somewhere about tho con tract time it will be of no use to tho farmora for this season. Great complaints are made by the police, more particularly ill Carlton nnd Collingwood, of tlie inefficiency of the force now allotted to the district, through tho withdrawal of so many men for duty in the ranges about Mans field and Bcnnlln. It is strango that tlie fnct has become patent to the larrikin class, nnd tlieir aggressions are now marked by a character of determination not yet ex ceeded in Melbourne. Several charges were made in the City Court this morning, and it is cheering to see tlint Mr Fanton has scon fit to mete out tlie highest punishment in his power, in order, if possible, to intimidate other offenders in a like direc tion. Such conduct on tlie part of magis trates generally mny do much to benefit the general weal of the community. It lias hitherto been considered that Aus tralia was free from hydrophobia, hut tlio fol lowing from the Geelong Advertiser would appear to point to a different conclusion: — "The weather on Saturday was very hot, and the excessive heat had a had effect upon a young Newfoundland dog belonging to a gen tleman residing in the eastern part of the town. Towards the evening tlie animal got perfectly mad. It broke the rope which fastened it to tlie kennel, and raced around the yard biting everything it could see. The dog foamed at the mouth, and was in a dreadful state. Fearing that some person might ho bitten, tlie owner of the dog at once had the animal destroyed." A Total Abstinence Society has been started under very fair auspices in North Carlton, and commences its career with about thirty members, whose object is to reclaim drunkards nnd to induce moderato drinkers to set nil example by themselves leaving off the use of intoxicating liquors. The society hns engaged tlie use of tlie Carlton Hall ill Roilly streot or every alternate Saturday night dur ing tlie current year, in which to hold public meetings to further the cause of temperance, and on Saturday evening last the first of these demonstrations was held. Addresses were delivered by tlie Rev. W. Poole, R.W. Chief Templar, and Mr John Ninnno, M.L.A., nnd a very pleasant musical entertainment wns furnished by the members of the Hotlinm Temperance Choir, who have kindly consented to assist the new society until it can form a choir of it own. Tlie lion J. Munro, M.L.A., occupied tho chair on the occasion. The Chinese Question in Australia is tho title of a pamphlet ostensibly edited by three well-known Mongolian residents — L. ICong Meng, Cheok Hong Cheong, and Louis Ah Mouy — and published by F. F. Balliere, of this city. The object of the brochure is to place before tlie community a digest of the "yellow question" from the Chinese stand point; nnd whilst it demonstrates that, from a religious, cosmopolitan nnd international point of view, the Australians are not justi fied iu excluding the Chinese, it does not touch the main objection to their presence— viz., that they import with them Oriental diseases and vices, and nre thereforo ns unde sirable colonists ns expiree convicts. If a colony has the right to put down its foot and say that expirees shall not come into its terri tory, it surely hns nil equal right to shut its doors ngainst immigrants who aro morally and socially not less objectionable. The Hamilton Spectator states that by Thursday's train three haul: managers, one of whom was from Portland and two from Ha milton, left 'or Melbourne, in charge of trea sure belonging to tlieir respective hanks. The managers took with them about £25,000. It is not so much from fear of . tlie ICelly gang that the banks are organising an escort .system of their own, -but rather from an apprehension that in the present lawless state of the colony the immunity enjoyed by the Mansfield gang will cause a bad example to be imitated by others. At the Theatre Royal, on Saturday night, there wns a very large house to witness the re production of the' Christinas pantomime, Jack, the Giant Killer.. Repetition has how rendered tho production of this piece complete, and the author/has every reason to be satisfied . with the justice which is done to it.- Jack, the ' Giant Killer, will be repeated until further notice, Tlie usual Monday popular concert takes place this evening in the Town Hall. ; Amongst those whose names appear in 1 the programme are Madame Tascn, Mdlle. Merz, Mrs Banks; Messrs R. L, . Skinner, E. Glover and C. Sykes. ' ' The emotional play of East Lynne was pro duced at tho Now Princess's Theatre on Saturday evening. Lady Isabel was imperso nated by Mrs Mary Gladstane with all that thrilling misery with which she lias so long been accustomed to invest the part. Tliedoatli- bed scene wns painfully realistic. Mr Tlico. Hamilton was the Archibald Carlyle ; his conception of the character was that of a man whose heart is bowed down by a passionate weight of woe. The idea was well worked out. To-night, in addition to the drama, wo nre to have Mr Whitwortli's Three Ambassa dors. Pluto's nightly tramp with Proserpine to Hades continues to go well nt the Opera' House. In the school examination scene tho conundrums provoke some "carry-me-out" . ideas. Here is a specimen of one or two of tlic-m: — "Why is Ireland the richest country iii tlie world? Do you give it up?" "Beoauso it's capital is always Dublin," (doubling,) , "When is butter like Irish children?" "When it is made into little Pats." " Why do lawyers sleep badly?" "Because they first boon one side nnd then lie on tlie other." Alfred the Great was again witnessed at the Academy of Music by a crowded audi ence on Saturday night, when the agreeable music incidental to tho piece was heard witli grent applause. The piece , is well-mounted, and it need hardly be said the singing is all good. , Tlie Blondenotto company of lady minstrels was pntronised"by a large audience at St. George's Hall on Saturday evening. The various songs and the burlesque were greatly applauded. Mr D'Arcy Read lias decided to continue his ghost entertainment at tlie Athcwenm for' another week. .Tho pantomime of Beauty and the Beast and the sketch of tlie Haunted House form the programme. This week will lie tlie thirteenth of tlie season, an uiiprecoden- todly long run for nny entertainment in this city. As Mr Read and his company are en gaged to appear almost immediately at Ballarat and Geelong, this week will positively he tho last of tlie spirits. Tho productions from tho establishment of Messrs Charles Troedel & Co., tho well-known lltliogruphlo and lottcrprcss printers, aro too well known - o uood any commendation from us. Hitherto, however, they have only excelled In the litho. department, but tho typo almanac for 1979 which they havo just isauod ileBorvce very high praise Indeed. Thcro Is " displayed great taeto and skill In its production, the wholo forming ono of tho host specimens of typo work that has aver been submitted to our no ico. 