amusements. Miss Dargon's impersonation of Lady Mac beth at the Theatre Rbyal' oh Monday even ing confirmed the ; general .impression aa re gards her capabilities as ah actress, namely, that she is seen at her best in parts that re quire great tragic intensity, dignity and those higher attributes which, when properly com bined, indicate tfie possession of genius. She at the same time allowed it te be gathered that she clings to stage traditions. She may have force and the power to simulate passion in its every mood, but she lacks originality. Her Lady Macbeth was an excellent copy of what we have seen time after time with the simple variations of 'good, bad arid indifferent. She gives decidedly a very telling representa tion of one of ' the strarigest of Shakspearian creations, but the conception and business are highly orthodox, and strictly according to modem stage notions.. Lady Macbeth is sim ply a woman .whose ambition, or perhaps vanity, goads her to the commission of a crime the most repugnant to every notion of justice and honor, that is, the deliberate murder of a confiding guest. None but savages or the most infamous villains in tliehistory of civilised nations have proved themselves guilty of so atrocious a breach of the laws of hospitality. Superadded #) the horror inspired by the deed was the sacred character 6f the victim, for even in the period of the drama, 'despite the sanguin ary feuds of contending chiefs there was still a divinity hedging, round- the person of a king which as a rule the moat lawless respected. The desire of sharing a throne with her husband was doubtless; the motive of this woman's ac tion. While stimulated by such an impulse she forgets all that iB due i to her Bex and common humanity. She rises. like a. fiend to the occasion, and she who but for the prompt ings of ambition might possibly havo shown herself the most loving and amiable of women, is transformed into a demon. Macbeth him self is a mere palterer, the creature of super stition in its most vulgar form, not only in his belief in the powers of witchcraft, but of the ghost notions of the dark ages. Bis prototype to some extent was doubtless Saul, the first lung, of Israel; , and the Witch of. Endor, or rather the story' of her Sorcery, is charge able with many of the absurdities that ever sinceliave distinguished popular belief regarding such matters. Lady Macbcth's character seems a compound' of good , and evil. Though capable of being a murderess for the gratification of a selfish object, she' is deeply, de voted tohcrhusband,andno sooner hodthedeed to which she had bceri spurred on to participa tion been accomplished than the compunctious visitings of conscience set in, surd she dissolves in all the softness of her woman's nature. Miss Dargon seemed desirous of so interpreting the character, and by means of ' this key to the impersonation its many effective features and beauties -were easily understood.. She possesses many of the natural as well as artistic qualifications which enable an actress to impart dignity and impressiveness to such impersonations as are far removed but of the ordinary category of mankind. She realises the generally accepted notion of what a 'queen ; should ho. .There, is of course a vast distinc tion between the real and the ideal, hut the latter mostly , succeeds on the stage. If kings , and queens as ;they appeared in the flesh were ' so portrayed in a drama, the play wriglit' and all concerned in ' the production "might he damned summarily. Popular prejudice must .he consulted, however much it may do violence to fact.' The, bumpkin who had, George the Third pointed out to him on the terrace of Windsor, as represented by one of the satirists of the day, exclaimed: — ; v , Cujl that a' king, that chap there; I've seen ninth liner at' Bartlcmy fair Than that chap there. it, was in the power to realise those ac cepted notions of what constitutes a woman every inch a . queen, that went far to account for the manyitriumphs of the great Mrs. Sid- dons. Actresses of very, commonplace ability can portray tho female character, however peculiar, in the cnstoiriary walks of life, hut when it comes to the representation of royalty it is quite another matter. Miss Dargon, by her appearance, figure and graceful manners, suits , well suclf parts, She was the queen throughput. Whether rebuking her husband for his moral cowardice, seizing the daggers to complete the bloody work, presiding at the banquet, and explaining away theking's phan tasy, when crushed, by the sense of the enor mity of her crime she sinks' into her husband's lap, or when the workings of her guilty : con science exhibit themselves even in her sleep, she in every instance maintains that loftiness, grace and dignity of mien that are the main characteristics of such parts. In points she seemed a trifle . melodramatic,' but .as a rule she played with au unforced, unexaggerated power that was most telling with , the audi ence. Though she in no way played to the gods, yet those elevated beings seemed mightily gratified, and manifested their ap preciation in tlieir customary style. In the dagger sceno , she was very fine, displaying just sufficient passion and determination to extort the ex pression, " Bring forth men children only." Miss Dargon makes it evident that it is not altogether cruelty or bloodthiratiness that animated her to do the deed, but rather a species of contempt for the weakness of her husband, a resoluteness not to be defrauded by his cowardice of tho prize sliri set he- fore her, not forgetting the necessity at the same time of evading suspicion. In the banquet scene she was unsurpassable, while if anything marred the dream scene it was, perhaps, too studied an attention to details. Altogether Miss Dargon may be congratulated upon having achieved a signal and legitimate triumphin the part of Lady Macbeth, Mr.Theo. Hamilton-, was- -trrinslatett where pe was playing JobMbrri,-inT<mHj|pjfc iri a" Bar-room; to db the royal' ffiiarie; ' '-Te- result I was riot altogether inf elicitousi Trite, when he exclaims, " Is that a dagger I see bp- fore me," preparatory to spiflicating the agd monarch, he forcibly reminds one of a handjtt ' suffering from D.Ta. His half-whisper, arid the alternations of his voice from the deep guttural to the whine was novel to the part,: but > the gallery thought him sublime, and rattled lauda tion accordingly. The representation ''has inariy excellent points, nevertheless, and1 it. would be both ungenerous and. unfair to deny, Mr, Hamilton the possession of alarge, amount of ability of a very superior sort. He wm ' perhapp ; seen to most advantage during ihe banquet scene, where he apostrophises the shade of the murdered Banquo, and in the expres sion of remorse with which he is seized when his cririiea are thus brought home to his mind. Of the other characters little need be said here ; they were fairly' filled, and the perform-, auce thereby was, taken in its entirety, most , satisfactory. ' 1 The Shakspearian play of Henry , "VIII. was' performed at the Theatre Royal on Thursday, . Miss . Augusta Dargon appearing , as,' Queen Katherine, and .Mr. Stuart O'Brien taking the part of the bluff, monarch. Mr J W."G.0arey undertook the 'responsibility Of interpreting i the rCle of Cardinal "VVolaey, and ac quitted himself, on the whole credit ably. Mr. Carey's mode of utterance, however, is unsuitable to the ' character. Doubtless more practice in the part Would make Mr. Carey a very fair exponent of it. Mr. Stuart O'Brien's rendering of Henry- VIII., though he had apparently an excellent conception of the character, was defective from its want of fire and energy. Mr. O'Brien looked the part cpmpletely. Miss. Dargon ap peared as Queen Katherine, and in the render ing which she gave afforded one more testi mony: of her high powers as a tragedienne. ; The part was, as compared with Lady Macbeth , or Queen Mary, an unexciting, one. But, the . glamor with which .the person of Queen Katherine has been invested by the poet gives the part an altogether different and a peculiar. interest. , Tho interpretation ; given , by MiSs . Dargon was ; suck . as .to impress the spectator ' with the notion of the innocence arid the' .dig- 1 nified spirit of the Qjieen — the wronged wife - . of Henry, and the mother of , Mary, the future j Queen. ..In the court, scene, where Katheoaae!, protests so eloquently against- .the wybng, her i liege is seeking to commit, her acting-- was |' distinguished. for the strength, energy = and.j natural, grace whitth-shehas displayed- in pre- vious .pieces, whilst, her elocutiojoaiy effoits . were even more successful, betraying none of ' that tendency . to overstraining performers 1 are sometime prose to in plays .of such turbu-. ; lence as that of Macbeth. - The piece , ends1 with the death of Katherine, the character im- 1 mediately prior to dissolution being 'portVayed \ .with realistic effect.' The accessories are well put on, the vision of angels, accompanied with solemn music, heightening the impressiveness . of the death scene." ! The newopera. season was inaugurated- last ! Saturday evening- at. tire Prince of Wales I Opera House, when BelKaiia..JLa Sonnaih- I bula served to introduce to the Melbourne I public four of the company engaged by-' Mr. W. S. Lyster during his recent trip to Europe. , The part of; Amina was ' undertaken by Madame Rose Hersbe, that of El vino by Mr. Francis Gaynar, ' Rodolfo by Mr; G. Verdi, and Alessio by Mr. Arthur Howell. Madame Rose Hersde is petite , bright and vivacious. Her enunciation is clear and dis tinct, and when occasion requires it she, de: velopes a considerable amount of ; syinpa- : thetic pathos. Her voice is a light soprano, flexible, and perfectly under her con trol. She also developes culture, the staccato transitions from the lower to the higher notes of her register , being marked by artistic skill, and the cadenzas being rendered with facile . smoothness. Mr. Gaynar, who appeared to ho suffering from the effects of a cold, possesses a tenor voice of moderate com pass, his middle notes being decidedly the host. Since the,,;dayB .of - Rubirii, who was gifted-with a counter tenor voice, the music for Elvipo has almost always to he . trans posed to suit the voice of the singer, and this general rule was .followed in the case of . -Mr. Gayna; In more than, one. instance 'he was forced to have recourse to falsetto notes,' some ' of which were brought out with' effective clear ness and volume. Mr. G. Verdi is a decided acquisition. He has a voice of such great corii- pass that it combines the qualities of basso and baritone. He has volume, too, and while singing with intense expression and feeling, does so with melodious smoothness, never forcing his voice, . Mr. Howell, upon whose vocal powers so great call is made in the part of Alessio, appears to be perfectly at home in Btage business. All the strangers on their first appearance were warmly received, Madame Hersce being greeted with a shower of bouquets. In the recitative, Dearest Com panions, she appeared nervous, but To thee my Master was given with expressive modulation. At the conclusion of the , air, 0 love for me, which served to display - the flexibility of her voice, she was loudly ap plauded. In the duetj-Take now this ring, by - Elvino and Amino, the piano passages .were the most effective, Madame Hersce interpreting some of the lights and Bhades of melody with which the number abounds with taste and feeling. Rodolfo's first air, As I view these scenes so charming, was Well sung by Mr. Verdi, his fine voice, - despite a slight tremolo here and there, being heard to good advantage. Loud applause fol lowed his effort, and the encore to which he had to respond was well merited. In the finale to the first act the voices of Elvino and Amina were. well , in unison, and the per formers were honored, with a recall. In, the , bed-chamber scene in the second act Madame Hersce played with pleasing naturalness, and infused into her voice a plaintive tenderness suited to the oocasion, and was ably supported by Mr. Verdi. At the conclusion of .the act the principals were again called before the cur tain. In the third act, the solo, Still so gently o'er me stealing, was sung- by Elvino with fair, effect, and he had at the- close of the number to bow Ills acknowledgments for the applause Vouchsafed him. The quartette, If I saw it, was well rendered; Mr. Yerdj, in the passage beginning " There are persona," being especi- i ally effective. Tho recitative, The Riug,He Gave, was rendered by Madame Hens4o with intense expression ; hut in the air , which followed, Yes for Thee, the songstress .was scarcely so successful. Great tenderness. of. expression was infused by Madame Herseo Ihta. Ah 2 do not Mingle— the music being.rendeyed ,jegrstotiu smoothness. , pairtr of f lisa. SvtSSi assumed, by' Mjml 'JFoXjyiilwrrEilioi) played arid' sang in a niost meritorious maririter. Her number Most Duly Grateful,: wari rendered in capital ; style," and the audience testified their appreciation by insisting upon" an encore." "' Mr. Howell succeeded in . surrounding 1 the role of Alessio with .the ...requisite, ..comic element.:. ; All.;, the choruses were well rendered, being marked by admirable precision and careful attention to harmonic effect. 1 The orchestra, including some of the best musical talent obtainable in' Melbourne, under the direction of Signor Zelman, performed its . work with Bkilful efficiency., Every part of the house was Crowded, and the audience were most lavish of applause.' - Gounod's.. Faust was produced at the Prince of Wales Opera House on Wednesday, and was repeated on Thursday evening. Fraulein \- Antonietta . Link and Mr. Armes Beau- ; input, .made . their first appearance this .-sfeason in the. characters of Marguerite anil "Falust '.respectively. Siebel was assumed "hjr Miss '-'Agpes Palma, and Valentine'by . Mr; :Ugo AnpSlri, both of whom made their debtil before, a. Melbourne. audience. , Mr. G. Verdi impersonated Mephistophelcs, and Mrs.1 Fox Martha. ' Fraulein link sang throughout 1 with admirable 1 expression, and made thb most of her full and resonant voice. Thepassage: in the, first act, . .when responding to Faust's . greeting, beginning Ho Signor, was given with artistic taste arid intense feeling. The Jewel ' Sbrig was ' well rendered, and deserved the applause , it elicited; while,; the. passage Parla Ancor, in the duet,,Tardi si fa, was giveri with exquisite modulation. Her acting : in this scene was marked by an exuberance of girlish curiosity, and at the same time , maidenly modesty which belong to the situ ation. In the cathcral scene she was effective, and in the duet with Faust in the last act, Penetrate e ib mio Cor; and in the final ter zetto, All.erta, sang with admirable expression and feeling. Mr. Beaumont's voice betrayed signs ; of ' want of practice. The 'finale to this first act was fairly rendered, and both he and Mr. Verdi were, honored with a recall. Mr. Beaumqnt ; obtained : , j applause for his . ren- . dering; of. Salve- Dimora, the effeqt of > ' whi.cli was heightened by the . ; violiri "obligate : charmingly played by Monsieujr Caron. i- In. the. garden .Acene and, in th,e terzetto pr-cceding the death of .Valentine, arid in the last act, his efforts to please met With 'a cordial recognition. ' Mr.- Verdi1 care fully avoided introducing ' anything : like bur lesque element into the part of Mephistophcles. He was quiet and natural, hut lacked just that nuance of. sarcastio. hardness, which a perfect picture of the part requires. Dio dell Or was effectively- given, and the acting was marked ' by dramatic ability. - The sere nade, Tu che fai l'addonnentata was intelli- 'geritly interpteted, ' hut the effect would have been better had the laugh at the end of each .vers? conveyed, by its stridency, ,-the delight of the demon at the success of baa plot. In the toncertedmuBic Mr. Verdi -gusiained his part successfully, rind throughout, merited the ap-; probation he evoked; Miaa Agnes Palma: possesses n, voice, of; considerable volume and power,- and which ia, at the same time, musical and clear. She sang the Flower song, with good- effect, and- had tc bow her ac-, knowledgmentb- to the asuHence for their appreciation- of hereffoFt8. Bhe sang Quando ri te lieta with' adnmahte-ite, bringing out the concluding lower notes wrtlf power and clearness. Mr. Ugo Angieri is the possessor of a pleasing light baritone voice, which lie Icnows howtonsewith advantage. Oh, Santa Medaglia was fairly rendered, and in the dying scene he sang and1 acted in a manner that stamps hiin, as an intelligent arid painstaking artist. Mrs. Fox made the most of the small part of Mai'tha. The choruses, as a whole were marked by precision and musical excellence, - though here and, there traces of hasty prepara-j tion were discernible. The orchestra, under the, .direction of Signor Zelman, despite an occasional tendency to undue loudness, per-' formed its work- in an- aitistic manner.'. To-.., '.night will he . given Balfe's Bohemian Girl, witjf Madame Rose Hersde aC, Arline. ' . " : . The Academy of, Musio has been well , arid' de-servedly- patronised during the week, George Geith keeping the boards. 'Arrangements have been- made with Mr. Geo. Rignold for ;a season at this theatre in Alone, and Blook Eyed Susan.;; j L The public are likely - to Lave a. permanent and comfortable place .of amusement in the . Princess's Theatre, the existing lease having been purchased from .the trustees for a num ber ef gentlemen, amongst whom are soine of Our leaffing actors. Mr. J. S. Butters has con cluded all the' 1 arrangements, and floated ;a company5 with 'ri capital of £10,01)0,. in 200 shares of £50 each, one half of which are already taken up. The balance will be issued at a future time, for the purpose of additions and improve- . ments. . j , The -troupe of Marionettes made their re appearance at Sti George's Hall on Saturday" evening, and were very favorably received. i A social evening' for, ladies and gentlemen was givon by the German Turn Verein at their hall in Latrobe-street on Thursday. The vocid choruses by the Turn Verein Liedertafel were admirably rendered. Herr Hegrat played two violin; solos .with good, effect, tho seconds- concert Landler, composed by himself, eliciting a vociferous encore. Two zither solos, con sisting of an 'aria from Boieldieu's La Dame Blanche and a waltz, were played by Hefr Wiesbaden in a manner that excited the ad miration of the audience. Mr. Thomas played two harp solos in his usual effective style, and Mr. Rriymont proved himself a flautist of no mean order. Several vocal solos arid duets were well rendered. The result of the recent visit of Signor Pompei to Hohart Town is, says tho llobart Town Mercury, that the young Tasmanian baritone, Mr; Airthrir Sherwiri, brother of the "Tasmanian Nightingale," has left the colony under engagement to. that gentleman for four months, to sing through New Zealand with ;a company the Signor lias organised, ; ' A young salmon five inches long was .lately caught in a mill-stream at Brightwater, near- Nelson, New Zealand?1 As it . is nearly two .years since, the salmon were turned out there this shows tliey are breeding. There were apparently some extensive fires on the Barrahool Hills' on Thursday night. From Ashby; says this Gcdony, Advertiser , flaipes conltbne seen as, of several hay Btacks burning, about four miles from town, and all "seemed ta Be in the same paddock. 