THE" MERCERY. TUESDAY Y MORNING, FEB. 21, 1876. His EXCELLENCY'S responsible advisers in this Colony have much to answer for. They have miserably disappointed demagoguery in the other Colonies ; have cut themselves off from the sympathy of the fussy andturbuloiit " friends of the people " who have been for some time busy in seeking and fomenting a quarrel with imaginary assailants of the rights of the people as represented in what is, on not very sound promises, called the popular chamber of our Colonial Legislatures ¡ Messrs. REIBEY and CROWTHER are of all men being denounced as having sold the birthright of the people for their own mess of pottage in the shape of of an Hoijorai'y Premiership and a not over-paid Secretaryship. The present Ministry of Tasmania certainly promised to be as thorough and unreflecting disciples of needless contention and class jealousies, as the most advanced people's friend could desire. There was really had question of privilege or prerogative at issue, but they acted as if there were, and as if the issues were of vital importance. They with well aii'octod'Meal accepted the proud commission of defender of the rights of the people. They indignantly appealed to BIG public voice to support them in resisting the encroachments of an overbearing and corrupt oligarchy, which, in the patriotic bunkum of the hour means a family clique monopolising and paralysing the good government of the Colony, which, being" in its turn interpreted, means all who dare to have an opinion of their own, or to question the commission of the self-daubed people's friends. The Tasmanian Ministry, if it has no other quality pation, can lay an undoubted claim to a fertile imagination in the manufacture of of facts, and to facile tongues in attributing blame to others and calling them all manner of names. They dared not to depend on their own merits. They knew they had not a leg to stand upon. When in Opposition, and seeking office, they were adepts at fault finding ; were full of promise for themselves, and had so maturely considered the situation, and were so prepared for the responsibilities that they only desired office for the opportunity it would give them of promulgating a financial policy that would triumphantly surmount the difficulties of the Colony, and give to every man prosperity as his! birthright, But the other men out and themselves by, a change came o'er the spirit of their dream. They drift on the sea of politics as a rudderless craft. They found' they had set sail without having taken any ballast on' board. Their own troubles BO threatened to engulf them that they had not a thought to give to the troubles of the Colony, i 'flion, peering through the scudding have their henchmen who pure and simple-minded re- i presentative of West Hobart, asked his neighbour of West Devon, whether some huge indistinct rock did not, lqqm in the distance. Having no chart this our publ A fragrant fancied the danger in front I must be the Council roofs over which they imagined they could see the surging breakers and from which could hear, the deafening din as of their own sweet voices). The alarm was given and the Ministers and their ship's crew braced every f nerve to meet the coming struggle'. Hine ( lights and rockets attracted the attention of the people of the: neighbouring shores, A 1 period of overwrought ¡ expectation ensued, i and when excitement was just about reaching a painful intensity, never did mirage,!' mom suddenly, disappear , from the "blue M ethereal." Ministers sung out that there never had been danger ahead, it was all a mistake, and the vessel lay safely moored with three months' supplies on board. The tangled web being unravelled, no cause and effect could have been simpler. Ministers, notwithstanding their contrary protestations and professions when fighting for office, and to acknowledge when they had reached the goal that they were utterly unprepared to even so much as indicate their intentions as a Government and asked time that they might make up their minds. The Assembly weekly gave them the required supplies. Hut the Council better understood the constitutional situation, and the duty to the State of themselves and Ministers. That body said Tell us on what principle you intend to conduct the government of the Country, and' then we will give you supplies. Government had nothing to tell, and therefore, the Council adjourned for the extreme period usually allowed a Ministry to prepare for meeting Parliament, knowing that provision had been made for the payment of the public creditor during the interval. Ministers and their supporters then acted as if they felt that if the Council had not given them supplies, it had given them a good grievance or cry, and forthwith went out the war-cry of an indignant Assembly against the invasion of its rights by the Council. After the expiry of the adjournment Ministers would do nothing till Littley had received ' supplies in the mode and not otherwise, which the Assembly had approved They stood on their dignity as a people's Ministry ; as the custodians of a people's liberties. Tile' reply of the Council was plain and matter of fact. It told Ministers that though they were still admittedly without principles or policy, the Colony was not to be punished for their ladies it told the Assembly that if it voted supplies in the proper manner, by Bill instead of, as before, by resolution, and on the approved estimates for the year of supply, instead of on the inadequate estimates of a previous year, the Council would do its duty. This reasonable proposition was received with the customary arguments of those who so much mouth the people's rights. Throats and bluster were tried in vain, and when it was found that the Council was not only in earnest,' but had common sense, and what does not always accompany it, the public voice with it, Ministers wisely gave in but to be themselves abused and vilified as they had aided in abusing and vilifying the Council. From across the Straits came the howls of indignation and baffled rage. The Berryites had been congratulating themselves that a collision could be brought about here between the two Houses, and the spread of disputed prerogative and privilege would have been made a trump card in their hands for maintaining the clamour against the Victorian Council, and demanding the annihilation or emasculation of the Upper Chamber in the Colonial Legislatures. And we do not altogether blame the BERRI Press for the avidity with which they seized this confirmation of their constitutional dogma, for in the REIBEY Press and in Parliament so much mystification and misrepresentation had been indulged in, that not only were they missed who were inclined to be deceived, but 'even newspapers, not given to such extreme views, were led to misapprehend the situation. In this category we place the South Australian Register, a discriminating journal whose approval is worth having. Our contemporary writes : Up to the middle of December last the Giblin Ministry held office, although owing to the smallness of the majority in their favour by an exceedingly precarious tenure. Finding themselves burdened with a liability which they could not meet of some £78 000 on account of interest due to the Tasmanian Main Line Company, they proposed to increase the revenue by levying special charges upon lands, dividends and mortgages. The House of Assembly, animated by the same procrastinating and shilly-shallying spirit which has proved fatal to all attempts to place the finances of South Australia upon a sound and satisfactory footing, played with the proposal until, in the end, it fell through. Thereupon the Opposition, reinforced by two new members, attacked the Government, and by a majority of two carried an adverse vote against them. Mr. Giblin and his colleagues resigned, and Dr. Crowther, a member of the Council, formed a ministry with Mr. Reibey as Chief Secretary and Leader of the Assembly. With an audacity unparalled in Parliamentary annals, the new Ministers, before they had been sworn in, and therefore before they had faced their constituents or given an exposition of their policy, asked through their mouthpiece in the Lower House a four month's adjournment, with a supply sufficient for three months. The outgoing Ministers, with a generosity as remarkable as it was ill-judged, assented to this arrangement, and a resolution granting the supply asked for was at once sanctioned and forwarded to the Upper House. The reception it met with there was the reverse of friendly. The only voice raised in its favour was that of the new Premier, Dr. Crowther Every other member who spoke condemned In forcible terms the unprecedented }imposai to give a four months' recess to Ministers who had not vouchsafed to the public any information as to the course they intended to pursue, and who were besides shrewdly suspected to have a strong and dangerous leaning towards the Main Line Company, which has now firmly established itself as a millstone round the neck of the Tasmanian Government. Not content with protesting, the Council adjourned till the 28th January, or for a period of between five and six weeks refusing meanwhile to pass the Supply Bill. The intentions of the Ministry being time frustrated, nothing remained but for the Assembly to suspend its sittings for a like term. So far there is little to be objected to in the action of the Council. The Register cannot give the same meed of approval to what the Council has since done, and this because our contemporary has been done ved by, in the language of the PREMIER, the clouds of dust thrown in our eyes. The Register there fore goes on to say : " It would appear that on the reassembling of Parliament, on the 28th, the Council sent a message to the Assembly asking that the three months' supply should be calculated not on the basis of the estimates for 1873; but on the basis of the estimates for 1879. We are not aware that the Constitution Act of Tasmania differs materially from that of South Australia, and If it does not the message can only be via well as an impertinence- as an attempt on the part of the Council to arrogate to itself functions which it does not and ought not to possess. By a majority of three the message was returned by the Assembly for reconsideration, but this it would appear the Upper House has refused to give it. On the contrary, it has adopted the extreme and unwarrantable expedient of refusing supplies, accompanying its refusal, however, with the gracious intimation that " it is ready to deal favourably with a Supply Bill, based on the current Estimates." .... But it is not for the Upper House to insist upon this being done, and upon it must fall the responsibility and odium of stopping supplies and inflicting upon Civil servants the grievous wrong of being kept out of their salaries. Looking at the matter free from party bias or local prejudice, we can with the information we now possess come to no other conclusion than that it is the Council which must give way. It apparently has nothing to sacrifice in the case but a little dignity, and nothing to give it cause for unpleasant reflection in the event of its yielding but a sons of having been thwarted in its endeavour to have things done in the most regular and businesslike manner. Does our contemporary hold that it is nothing in dealing with the financial affairs of a Country to have things done in a regular and business-like manner? Does our contemporary approve of Parliament voting supplies for the public service by the slip-shod operation of a resolution instead of the usual and proper medium of an Appropria- tion Bill, and will our contemporary point to a single instance where supplies having been voted for a particular year, and that year having' been entered on, the Estimates of a past year were made the guage of expenditure The question may be fairly put, why should it be wrong in the Council to insist on business being conducted in a business way, and why should the Assembly be supported because it insists on doing the right thing in the wrong way 1 That is virtually the reasoning of our contemporary and savours too much of the peace-at-any-price policy for us to approve But our constitution gives the Council co-ordinate powers with the Assembly in money matters, except that the power of initia- tion is with the Assembly. The Council may not add a' penny to the estimates, but it may strike out. The o>%n malt was in the. roof real, or inability of the Ministers to give confidence in their administration of public affairs, and if our contemporary agrees that 'the Council was right in refusing supplies prior to the adjourn- ment, a fortiori the Council had still better reasons for its refusal-had it refused, since six weeks additional time for cogitation left Ministers as blank a shoot in the way of principle or financial policy as when Ministers were first asked for an indication of their intentions. ( We have not left ourselves space for' analysing some of the statements and reasoning of the Age that seems very irate with Tasmania for its defection from the great constitutional banner on which is the motto " down with the Coun- cils." But one or two points we cannot pass over. The Aga makes a great point of the assumed fact that the people were with Ministers,' and contrasts pure 15,000 votes for the Assembly, with the 3,000 votes for the Council, as if the latter the chief element in the tax and rate paying question, were not worth a moment's consideration. We have already anticipated this arguments the Age by showingthattlio Council's views were supported by a majority of electors at the lastgoneralandsiibsoquontsidooloctiQns The Age says that the Council insisted on supplies being voted on a certain basis fixed by them selves. Quite the reverse, the Council accepted and insisted on the basis fixed by the Assembly, and this because the estimates of 1878, £31 8,000 were totally inadequate for the estimated expenditure of 1870, £-100,000. The Age says that the Council left the Ministry to '' unite what arrangements they could for the payment of the Civil servants, and for the liquidation of ,r' ,(, aM of iii' I came debentures which, as the Council knew, fell due in the interim." Our contemporary is misinformed, and we can easily trace the source. The payment of the debentures was provided for in the last loan, and the money left lying in London to meet them. The Civil servants were provided for up to the date of the adjournment, January 28, and might have been paid as nearly on the 1st day of February as on the 8th, had Ministers done before the 31st January what they did on the 5th day of February. POSTAL ARRANGEMENT The General Post Office will be closed to-day, Wednesday, and Thursday., (race days) from noon till 4-30 p.m., and there will only be one delivery of letters within the city by the letter-carriers each day-viz., Í) a.m. Mails will be received and despatched as usual. THE PRICE OF FINN-The startling announcement in yesterday's Mercury, on the authority of , Reuter's telegrams, that tin had fallen to fifty-five pouiids'(£55) turns out, we are happy to say, to be untrue and for this alarming and discouraging statement our readers are indebted to the culpably careless blunder of one of the Hobart Town operators, who rendered the telegram as furnished to us fifty-five pounds instead of, as received by him, fifty-nine pounds five shillings (£59 3s.) THE ENGLISH CRICKETERS IN SYDNEY AS might have been expected, the disgraceful action of the mob, in interfering with the return match between the Gentlemen of England and the New South Wales Eleven on Saturday, is viewed with profound regret and indignation, and we can well understand that the visitors will not easily forget it. The affair was, in the extreme sense of the word, discreditable to all who took part in it, and for the sake of the good name of the colonies, the earliest opportunity should be taken on the part of the cricketing community to strongly condemn it, and with this should be an expression of feeling of regret on the part of the general public, that such mob rule should have been attempted. The Australian Eleven met with the, most cordial reception in England, and their Successes were everywhere hailed with enthusiasm. Hence it is all the more to be deplored that an English team should be treated to a gross display of larrikinism on visitingthecolonies. Theuttercollapso of the Sydney men in their second innings is extraordinary and reminds one of the manner in which the Marylebone team succumbed to the Australians The dead wicket, caused by the fall of rain, no doubt, accounts for the rapid fall of the wickets, for both the principal bowlers would be very effective. The Englishman, having gained such a great victory, will feel a little consoled for their defeats, and the news of their success will be received in England with much pleasure. THEATRE ROYAL The return of the veteran tragedian, Mr. William Creswick, to the stage of the Theatre Royal, was, celebrated by the reproduction of Shakespeare's tragedy of Hamlet, iii the title role of which Mr. Creswick made such a deep impression when it was first performed under the present management. We then remarked in full upon the delineation, and can now only add that no actor whom we have seen of late has brought to the character equal intelligence and mastery of art equal ripeness of judgment and perfection of method. From the beginning to the end Mr. Creswick's conception was powerful and consistent, while the illustrations by which it was made apparent, were subtle in suggestion and splendid in effect. The soliloquies were a masterly delinea- tion of the devious workings of the young Prince's perplexed mind, and,' if one portion of the complete whole may be selected as especially brilliant, it was the closctseene with his mother, to which Mr. Creswick brought all the resources of his art. The tragedian is admirably supported by the members of the company. Miss Ashton's Ophelia improves on acquaintance in its plaintive beauty and maidenly modesty. Miss Carry George gives on extremely powerful rendering of Gertrude, and Mr. W. J. Holloway's Ghost is etc really praiseworthy. Of the rest Mr. Charles Holloway's Laertes and first player, Mr. Reynolds' Horatio, Mr. Carry's Grave- diggers, and Mr. Lawrence's King, stand out most prominently. The applause was frequent throughout. To-night King Lear will he re-produced, for one night only and for the last time. Mr. Creswick's Lear should not be missed by any Shakespearian student. BuuroN'ij Crocuses rumour was circulated on Sunday that one of the performers connected with the circus had met with a fatal accident ; but as it could not be confirmed, no notice was taken of it in our columns. The management, however, announce elsewhere that no accident whatever occurred, and that the whole of the company will perform in the pavilion in the Domain this evening, and the two following nights, Tiri: Kin:ties or THE WATER DEPARTMENT AGAIN. Complaint was lodged with us last evening, that the water had been cut off from the top of Davey-street some days ago, without intimation, and what is worse, was still off last night. When will the Council asserts its part in, an I case to be set at defiance by its own officers ? To be in the employment of the corporation seems to be, to do what one likes, or nothing at all, as best suits the whim of the employs. CRUELTY TO A U ICEHOUSE.-A meeting'', of the stewards of the 'T.U.C. was held last evening, when the principal business was the consideration of an alleged case of cruelty to a racehorse. Mr. George Browne, hon. secretary, brought under notice a communication from the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in reference to alleged cruelty to the horse Talleyrand at the last race meeting of the club. Mr. Miller, hon, treasurer, stated that he had immediately, after the occurrence referred to, spoke to Mr. Rumney, the owner of the horse in question, and received an assurance of regret at what had happened, and that what had occasioned unfavourable com- ment, arose from the jockey misunderstanding the owner's instructions, It was considered, that Mr. Rumney's explanation was satisfactory, and a general desire was expressed that all jockeys should be closely watched, and anyone found guilty of whipping or spurring a horse after the winning post had been passed, or 113mg a whip or- spur after all chance of winning had been lost, should be punished. A number of new members having been enrolled, and some routine business having been transacted, the meeting terminated. A "SPILL" AT ELWICK Yesterday morning George Mason was jumping Express at the Elwick racecourse by way of practice. The horse got safely over two fences, but on coming to the third, he shied, but on Mason driving him at it, he struck the top rail very hard, full, and completely rolled over Mason, who was apparently greatly injured, especially about the head. Having been conveyed to Cooley's, Mason was attended by Dr. Butler, who at that time considered the injuries likely to prove fatal. On seeing the patient again in the afternoon, the doctor modified his opinion, and later intelligence from New Town was to the effect that Mason was much better. SALE OF ,RACEIIOIIRKS.-Wo again remind those interested in blood stock that the sale of the horses in training, the property of the late Mr. T. B. Clarke, will take place at the Derwent stables, this morning at 10 o'clock sharp, The animals to be sold arc Fingal, Canezou, Yougogo, and King Arthur, and the two first named are engaged in several of the events to be contested at the T.R C. meeting, which commences to day. At the same time and place, Mr. Walter Rumney's pair, Talleyrand and Caller Herrin, will also be submitted ; both are too well known to require any remarks from us; but suffice it to say that both have excellent chances of pulling off' two or three races at coming meetings in the South and North. CITY POLICE COURT.-His Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. P. Burgess) attended 1 yesterday morning to hear the night charges.- Lavinia Hughes, who had created a disturbance in the Court on Saturday during the hearing of the whaling case, was fined 20s. 6d. for the quence, or, in default of payment, one month's imprisonment. Mary Bella Harbuckle and John Wright Corkery pleaded guilty to charges of peace disturbance 1 on Saturday night, and were each fined 10s, acid. with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment. Robt. Howson, charged with assault- ing P.C. EUiqtt, whilst in the execution of his duty on the 5th instant, was remanded until the following day on thoapplioationof thoSuporiutondontof Police. AWATEA little fellow was brought before the City Bench yesterday morning, under the care of the Superintendent's Police, having been found in the barracks about ten o'clock on the previous evening, by P. C. Mitchell, who took him to the Watch House for the night, as he had no other horse. He stated his name to be Herbert William Innes, and that he was nine years of age, that he had come from the country, as his father was dead and his mother had deserted him about two months ago. Since his arrival in town he had slept among the timber on the wharf, and had done odd jobs at Mr. Johnson's Jam Factory. His share Jogs and foot and ragged clothing, bore ' witness to his exposure to the weather, but the bright, intelligent little face was nevertheless a happy one. On the application of Mr. Propsting, who promised to look after the lad for the day, the case was postponed until the following morning, that it might be brought under the notice of Mr. Tai lotion', and a permanent home found for the little wait, Pnuirnva MEi'iionisr ; Giants. The' Victoria and Tasmania Conference of this church has been sitting in Melbourne.'" The Ministers have been stationed as follows Book steward, the., Rev. S. Bracewell Melbourne first, T. Copland, T. W. Cameron and one to be obtained ; Melbourne second, XV. It. Walton ; Castlemaine, II,, Hoathorshaw ; Eaglehawk, U' Anthony ; Campbellfield, J. G. Wright ; Kilmore, Rev. W. H. Youlton ; Ballarat, J. Standrin!, J. T. Piercey, and one to be obtained; Geelong, W. Hunt ; Creswick, J. T, Cairns, JJ. Moore; Sandhurst, R. Allen ; Benalla. S. Richard, and one to be obtained; Launceston, S. Kindon; 1 fain. ilton, TI. Robinson, AYI. Brown; Beaufort, AY Snook ; Talbot, George Grey; Nillumbik, R. Nowell ; Tarnagulla, J. T. Pithouse ; Sale, AY Adams ; Inverleigh, F. Robinson ; Murton, IT, Richardson ; Stawell. Smith ; Longford, W, Gould; Hobart Town, li. Co j Penguin, J. Oglethorpe and AY Ride ; Brighton, general secretary missions till one is appointed. . MISCONDUCT. We have been informed that three men were bathing in the River Derwent in view of the public road, and in the vicinity of the New Wharf, between the hours of 2 and 6 o'clock on Sunday evening. It is to be regretted that information was not given to the police at tho time of, the occurrence, A ,,,,< ., ,.iU,[y ,;"rCilq'"i , ",,,, '. Miss .¡>'jiu- jrtiniL'.,;i ^./-ivh r Cm COUNCIL - At the meeting of the City Council yesterday, several reports of Committees were presented and adopted In some cases the Committees asked and obtained further time to report A letter was received from the Colonial Secretary promising the early consideration of the , Governor in Council to a request of the citizens for the rescue of a site in the Domain, under the Act 21 Vic. No 20 for Public Baths A petition from Mr Kisb> and other ratepayers, and several ci if smen, ] i lying of attention to the little of the wood wharf which is fast filling up with mud was referred to the Mir tots Committee A 1 petition from cabmen for an extension of the cab stand in Dave Meat was referred to the Police. Committee It is to be hoped the Committee will insist U[>< i better order being kept by the young fellow-, employes 1 as tub and the (Invert-, for us we are inform the motors and Earl mg behaviour of these youngsters is at times an intolerable nuisance to the residents in that locality A tender was accepted from Joseph Hulkes for cartage for the Corporation, that being the lowest tender Sunday applications for remission of city rates were considered by the Council A communication was received from the Colonial Secretary respecting the clock offered to the city, stating that the Governor in Council had been pleased to give the clock on the understanding, that the Municipal Council make such suitable provision as should be mutually agreed upon The Council stands adjourned for a fortnight but!- ON MOUNT WELLING TON from an early hour yesterday a large bush iii of was seen to be bia ing on Mount Wellington probable the work of some thoughtless side, of it may be of some more blaine worthy person Whatever the cause, the fire is subject of regret, as Mount Wellington had previously not too much timber on it Should the fl lines continue for some days, the beauty of the Mount will be very much an ed Dr si reef was of BALm -" The Iguana States a South Australian Newspaper has been generally re0 indeed is being are the useful nor ornamental, butjud ing fr m recent occurences we may confidently statement in respect to the former quality, this Gen i ally despised member of the hard tribe has not is 11 justice meted out to it Sometime ago you serted vlctteifiom t gentleman residing in Queensland who proposes to send of our rabbit difficulty by sending us a number of these is picturesque creatures as they are remarkably fond of our furry enemies as food, and an instance that a remedy for the plague which is affecting our farm s lies ready to then hand We may state that a boy from Wallaroo, while rabbit him ting on Mr Carvas30s farm near Wallaroo, where rabbits are becoming unpleasantly plentiful, and being about to take a nest of young ones discovered an iguana in possession of the premises, and on its endeavouring to make its escape by (climbing a tice in the vicinity the boy pelted it with stones which at (first caused it to drop a rabbit held in its mouth and eventually killed it On cutting the iguana open three young rabbits were found in its stomach, so that instead of being destroyed it is a pity it was not allowed to "i unify its penchant for the long eared destroyers of crops without let or hindrance We are of opinion that if iguanas were obtained and distributed in the infested districts they would furnish m inc\pi03'iive means of assisting to clear them of the pests Mr J Brayley of Ulooloo, a correspondent of the South Australian Advertiser furnishes the following information as to a plan of r rabbit death action adopted by some farmers in the Hallett district- They (tie farmer s) have got about 2,000 yards of who netting line is put up against the fence on two sides of the paddock, and in the corner a y ml is made about 20 yards square, and the i dibits dm ch into this yard, and killed in numbers but I think will astonish some of the Adel dates, who are hard to persuade that the rabbits are so numerous I will get even the result of six days work the number yarded and killed each day Firstly SJjoft 100 acres , secondly, 100 off the same time time I do 711 of 100 acres fourth day SOO oil 100 acres fifth day, 1 S oft 200 and 100 acres of this Government had so Uli d irons off 100 acres The total in tiber killed in six days 5 71 