RITUALISM IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. A meeting of the congregation of St. Bar tholomew's Church, Norwood, was held in the schoolroom of the Church to discuss the ques tions raised in the following circular, which had been printed and distributed by Mr. J. E. Moulden:—" Norwood, 31st May, 1879.—To the Trustees of the building used for the Sunday school of St. Bartholomew's Church, Norwood.— Gentlemen—I have to represent to you that the congregation of St. Bartholomew's has always endeavoured to 'maintain the laws of God, the true profession of the Gospel, and the Protestant reformed religion.' It is not in unison with the 'maintenance' of Protestant principles and doctrine that our Sunday scholars, in any of their exercises, should be taught by a gentleman who professes to oppose Protestantism. I there fore object to the Rev. Mr. Elcum, who is the Bishop's Chaplain and one of the preachers of the North Adelaide Cathedral, taking any part in teaching the children of St. Bar tholomew's. And the reasons for my objections are:—That the Rev. Mr. Elcum, an accom plished gentleman, of winning manners and of pleasing address, and, therefore, the more dangerous as a leader and instructor of our children, holds and disseminates, especially among the young, the following Remisn doctrines and practices :—1. Auricular con fession. 2. The frequent making of the sign of the cross on the breast, both in the church and at home. 3. The bowing of the head towards the altar (meaning, I suppose, the communion table) on entering and leaving the church. 4. That the Lord Jesus Christ will, through the absolution of a priest or a bishop, forgive us our sins. 5. Extreme unction—that is, the anointing with oil when the priest is commissioned to prepare a sick person to meet his God. 6. That God should be asked to give us a share in the prayers of the blessed Virgin Mary. 7. Prayers for the dead. Tne doctrines and practices above mentioned are, I regret to say, disseminated at the Cathedral, and, I have reason to believe, will shortly be introduced into one of our leading schools. I therefore submit that the matter is one of emergency, and that the question whether Mr. Elcum be allowed to use the school room for the purpose of ingratiating himself with our children, and, as opportunity offers, of circulating dogmas oppesed to and subversive of the Protestant principles of our Reformed Church, should be laid before the Wardens of St. Bartholomew's, with the view of calling a meeting of the congregation in the schoolroom at an early date to consider the matter. This is a question for the laity. I have not appealed to the incumbent, the Rev. Mr. Andrews, be cause I do not wish to bring him into collision with the Bishop; I have not appealed to the Bishop, because he knows the Romanizing tendencies of some of our clergy, and has not shown any inclination to check them. I do not appeal to the Synod, because a number of its members hold un- Protestant views." A large number of persons were present. Tbe Rev. W. B. Andrews was proposed to take tbe chair, but Mr. J. E. Moulden objected to this, when Mr. Andrews said that he came with the intention of taking the chair, and that unless he took it he would leave the room. He felt that it was his duty to be present, and that he must not leave his post. Mr. J. B. Hughes said be would vote against Mr. Andrews, as the room belonged to the laity, and this was a meeting to teach the clergy. Colonel Downes thought it was a strange thing to exclude the incumbent of the parish. He was the proper person to take the chair, and for his part if he did not take the chair he should leave the room. It was then decided, on a vote, that Mr. Andrews should take the chair. Mr. J. W. Bull asked the Chairman if the meeting had been called with his sanction. The Chairman said that having heard that there was a desire that the meeting should be held, he offered no objection. Mr. Bull—What is the question to be dis cussed ? The Chairman presumed that it was whether Mr. Elcum should continue gratuitously teachiug the Sunday-school children singing. Mr. Bull—Then no other question could be discussed. The Chairman said the ordinary course of a Chairman was to explain the object of the meeting. He had been placed in such a peculiar position that he could hardly do that. The meeting could only be for one conclusion, and that was to exclude the Rev. Mr. Elcum from doing anything in their schoolroom. He might explain that Mr. Elcum came there on his (the speaker's) invitation, and he wished to say that any adverse remarks that might be made would be directed against him and not against Mr. Elcum, for be was wholly responsible for his coming there. He would say what he had done was to teach the children singing. He had heard that Mr. Elcum was very skilful in that particular art, and that he was training children in another parish it seemed desirable to have his assistance here. He had asked Mr. Blcum to come, and he had kindly done so, and he had not known him to disseminate any of those doctrines mentioned in Mr. Moulden's cir cular. He could only say for himself, after a ministry of five years among them, that such doctrines did not have his sympathy, but that he held them in the greatest abhorrence. (Hear, hear.) He had always been what was called a Low Churchman. He felt that the action that had been taken had placed him in a very painful position with regard to Mr. Elcum. That gentleman taught merely the mechani cal part of singing, and if he spoke any words it was simply those which any Christian mau might speak to another, and had never assumed the character in the slightest degree of Bitualism or High Church. In fact he had never said or done one thing which he would not have done. He supposed, then, that the one thing to be touched upon was whether under these circumstances Mr. Elcum was to be prohibited from teaching the children. He was sorry that he should have been instrumental in bringing any odium upon Mr. Elcum or his doctrine. Messrs. Lyons and Moncrieff argued that the meeting had been called to discuss certain charges made by Mr. Moulden in his circular. The latter gentleman also explained why he had as a trustee given his sanction to Mr. Moulded to use the schoolroom. Mr. Moulden, after explaining what course he had adopted to get the room, said that he should have been called upon as convener of the meeting to explain what the discussion was to be upon, and what he had to say about the subject- matter. He had, however, been inter rupted, but he did not object to take the under place; but it was now for him to place certain things before them, and draw such deductions as he thought fit. The question was of the greatest importance to the colony at large. While none had greater respect for Mr. Andrews than he had, he did not think he had done wisely in taking the chair. He approached the subject which he had called the meeting to discuss with feelings of great regret and pain. He believed that he had been among them a suf ficient length of time for them to know that he was not a person who obtruded himself unneces sarily in public questions; in fact, although he said it himself, he was not a person who courted publicity, but when he thought it was necessary for the welfare of the colony at large that some one shonld come forward and discharge the task, then he would take the position, although it might be a disagreeable one. He hoped the subject wonld be properly discussed, and that if he did not prove the seven statements that he had made one by one, they might say that be had done wrong. He might say that he had been in correspondence with the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and that His Lordship thought very hardly of him on the matter, as perhaps many of them did, and that he did not that evening intend to speak at all on the last clause of the circular. He intended to continue the cor respondence, and he was sure that when he had finished, His Lordship, if he was a sound Christian, would think with him, He had promised His Lordship not to touch the last clause, and he did not intend to do so that evening. What proof had he of the serious charges that he brought against Mr. Elcum ? If he produced Mr. Elcum's own handwriting, would Messrs. Bull and Lowe think anything of that ? He would now read extracts from a book entitled "Guide to Heaven." It was a book half-full of the most beautiful prayers and thoughts, while the other half promulgated the most idolatrous doctrines. Mr. Bull rose to a point of order. The speaker was departing from the rule laid down by the Chairman. The simple question was whether Mr. Elcum's services should be con tinued or not. The Chairman—Mr. Moulden has obtained the room from the proper trustees, and he was not digressing. Mr. Moulden, continuing, said it would be very unfair to Mr. Elcum and very un-English manlike if he did not bring forward proofs of his statements. He produced a copy of this book, entitled "Guide to Heaven," with a name inside which he would not re veal, and then read the following:— "To———from his sincere friend, C. C. Elcum. Passiontide, 1879." Now, if it meant anything, that if this youth frequenting the Cathedral had the book given him by his "sincere friend, C. C. Elcum," it he said that in that book dis seminated by Mr. Elcum there were certain things which were of a Ritualistic doctrine, then he proved that he, the Bishop's Chaplain, dis seminated those doctrines. (Cries of "What are the proofs ?") The first thing he spoke of was auricular confession. On referring to page 12 of the "Guide to Heaven" he found the sentence, "If yon cannot go to the Holy Communion with a full trust in God's mercy and a quiet conscience, go to some priest and tell him of the sins that trouble you, in order to receive the benefit of absolution and ba told what to do." On page 132 was the form of confession to he made to the priest, and he found that it was the same as that used in the Roman Catholic Church, and by the Roman Catholic priests. This was used by them, and was need, he wonld not say the words offensively, by this Ritualistic priest. Mr Bull wished to know whether the voting was to be confined to members of the con gregation. The Chairman—Certainly. Mr. Moulden, continuing, then read the form of confession as follows:—" In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I confess to God the Father Almighty, to His Only Begotten Son Jesus Christ, and to God the Holy Ghost, before the whole company of heaven, and to you, my father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, by my fault, by my own fault, by my most grievous fault. Especially I accuse myself that (since my last confession, which was —— ago) I have sinned." Then after the confession there was another form. He said that by this he established the fact that Mr. Elcum had distributed a book in which auricular confession was advocated. He could say what auricular confession was from the "Priests' Prayer-book," which was designed as an appendix to tbe Common Prayer-book. It was a work circu lated among the Ritualistic clergy, and it showed how the penitent was to kneel, shadowed forth his belief, and how he was to be assisted. This confession was a fearful thing, and they must not go too fully into the degradations and abominations of auricular confession. The Archbishop of Canterbury had said regard ing this "Priests' Prayer-book" that any one who disseminated it revolutionized the whole of the teaching of the Church of England. He had spoken thus at an address to cnildren on July 18, 1877, after the same prayer- book had been discussed in the House of Lords. The proof then was, as he said before, that Mr. Elcum inculcated the principles of the confession by the distribution of the "Guide to Heaven." Regarding charge No. 2, the frequent making of the sign of the cross on the breast, he did not so much object to that if they would stay there, but it was the straw on the stream. Mr. Andrews said all the clergymen used the sign of the cross on the forehead each time they christened a child. It was the teaching of the homily and the rubric. Mr. Moulden said unfortunately it was, bat he pledged himself to produce authorities to show that it was not necessary that it should be done. He then read several extracts from page 13 of the "Guide to Heaven," showing bow and when the sign was to be made. He would proceed next to charge 3—"the bowing of the head." On the second column of page 12 of the "Guide to Heaven" they were to bow the head on entering and leaving church towards the altar, and when the name of Jeans Christ or Glori Patri was said, &c.; If they went to the Cathedral they would see that these inculcations and directions were carried out, and that many bowed the head towards the table. Mr. Moulden then read further extracts from page 13, and then referred to a work by Mr. Shipley, entitled "The Ritual of the Altar," whom he said was such an extreme Ritualist that he had lately gone over to the Church of Rome. On page 213 of that book mention was made of the altar and its ornaments. He did not say that Mr. Elcum gave that book away, bnt it was one that was very largely used by his party. If they had an altar, with candlesticks and crosses, as specified id the "Ritual of the Altar," then it would he right to bow towards it. There were other works to which he could refer and quote on the same subject, but he would now deal with the fourth charge, of the belief in the absolution of sins through a priest or bishop. On page 13 of the "Guide to Heaven," it was stated that through the abso lution of a bishop or a priest the Lord Jesus Christ would forgive their sins. He would simply say about that that he thought such words were profane. The Chairman—In the ordination service it stated that the sins remitted by the priest should be remitted, &c.; Mr. Moulden—unfortunately, yes. He would proceed next to the fifth charge, "Extreme unction," regarding which the following direc tion wag to be found on page 14 of the "Guide to Heaven"—visitation of the sick or unction of the sick, in which the priest is com missioned to prepare the sick person to meet his Gcd. The anointing of a sick person with oil by a bishop or priest is for the good of the sick person's soul and body, as we read in St. James's Epistle, chap, v, verses 14 and 15. On page 317 in the "Priests' Prayer-book" directions were given for the method of consecrating the oil by which the body was to be anointed, and what was to be done with it. Regarding the 6th charge, "that God should be asked to give us a share in the prayers of the blessed Virgin Mary," he asked them to refer to pages 17 and 19 of the "Guide to Heaven," where it was stated in the morning and evening prayers, "Grant to me, O God, a share in the prayers of the blessed Virgin Mary, and all Thy saints in Heaven." The same form was to be found in the "Ritual of the Altar"—a work greatly used by the Ritualistic clergy, and he was certain that if he went to Mr. Elcum and asked him for it, and he thought he was a penitent, he would get the work at once. The Chairman—We must not assume any thing. Mr. Moulden thought be had shown proof enough of Mr. Elcum's tendencies. Charge 7 dealt with prayers for the dead, and they knew that that led to the belief in purgatory, &c.; These prayers were to be found on pages 19 and 104 of the "Guide to Heaven," and in the "Priests' Prayer-hook," page 164, there was a litany for the dead. He would say that Mr. Elcum would sooner give £100 than say he used the hook, yet not one of the Ritualistic clergy was without it. If a person was dead, according to their belief they could do no more for him. Now, he had carried out and proved by Mr. Elcum's own hand writing that he disseminated these doc trines, for he had given the book re ferred to a child. He knew for a fact that some of tbe choir at the Cathedral were dis gusted with the others making the sign of the cross, and that some of them would soon leave. The only way to guard against having their school children inculcated in these doctrines was to keep the offender away, and prevent him from teaching anything, however simple it might appear. This gentleman published the book to which he had referred, and he had heard inculcated the prayers of the Virgin Mary on the quiet. He had been at one of the per formances at the Cathedral and heard Mr. Elcum preach on the Virgin Mary, and heard him say what an excellent person she was, but that the Church would not allow them to worship her. Certainly not, but they were drifting to that, and he said they must stop it. They must not have such errors disseminated. He moved— "That in consequence of the Rev. C. C. Elcum having disseminated the following Romanistic views: that is to say (1), auricular confession; (2), the frequent making of the sign of the cross; (3), the bowing of the head to the altar; (4), the forgiveness of sins through the absolu tion of a bishop or priest; (5), the sacrament of extreme unction; (6), the asking for a share of the prayers of the Virgin Mary; and (7), prayers for the dead—it is not advisable that he should in any way be brought into con tact with the children of St. Bartholomew's Sunday-school, and that the Superintendent be requested not to invite him for the future to instruct the children in singing." Mr. G. Abbott seconded. Mr. Bull said had Mr. Moulden brought the statements forward in any public manner, and unconnected with any Church or Sunday-school, he would at once have gone with him; but he thought the meeting would have a very inju rious effect upon St. Bartholomew's Church and congregation. Mr. Moulden had totally ignored Mr. Andrews, and he protested against the way in which the matter was being brought forward. Mr. J. B. Hughes said he had listened to all that had been said with great interest. It was a question which affected the Church of Eng land in South Australia, and Mr. Moulden had shown conclusively that the Rev. C. C. Elcum, a teacher in the Sundey-Bchool, distributed the book entitled "Guide to Heaven" to the young —a book which inculcated doctrines not in accordance with the doctrines of the prayer-book of the Church of England. When he received Mr. Moulden's circular he ob tained copies, and sent them to the Bishop, to the Rev. Mr. Elcum, and to several of the leading members of the Church, so that it might not be a hole-and-corner meeting. He thought Mr. Moulden was deserving of their sympathy for the manner in which he had brought the matter forward. He said that if Mr. Elcum distri buted a book like the "Guide to Heaven" he should not be allowed to come there, and he hoped they would adopt the resolution. He had no objections to Mr. Elcum holding the doctrines, but those who held them should go over to the Church of Rome. He had been in the colony since 1840, and had heard the first sermon preached by the Bishop, and he said that the sermons he preached at the Synod were diametrically opposed to the doctrines indicated in his first sermon. He had belonged to the Church of England and to the Synod in both Melbourne and Sydney, and he must say that their Church formed a very unpleasant contrast with them. He hoped they would look at it as Protestant Christians, and say whether they were to be a Protestant Church in the colony or not. It was coming to that, and he hoped they would set a stone rolling which would set the Church upon the basis on which it was before Bishop Short arrived in the colony. Mr. Moncrieff, speaking at great length, said as the Superintendent of the Sunday-school, and as one of three who were responsible for the invitation given to Mr. Elcum to teach singing to the children, he found it necessary to defend himself. He then argued against Mr. Moulden's conclusions, taking them seriatim. He pointed out that Mr. Elcum had simply taught the children singing, and said that if the resolution was passed he would take it as a censure upon the incumbent and the Sunday school officials. It was not fair for Mr. Moulden to bring forward books, assume that he was a Ritualistic priest, and therefore say that he practised the doctrines set forth in the book. He did not prove that, and had no right to say it. He had attended one of the meetings when Mr. Elcum was giving lessons, and he did not see anything of a Ritualistic nature introduced; in fact, Mr. Elcum was rather brusque than otherwise with the children. Regarding the last paragraph, also, Mr. Moulden had not said anything, and he thought he ought to do so. He objected also to the way in which Mr. Moulden had spoken of the services con ducted at the Cathedral as performances. He would oppose the resolution. Colonel Downes said he agreed with Mr. Moncrieff that Mr. Moulden should have con sulted Mr. Andrews on the matter, as they knew he was the last minister in Australia who would introduce Ritualism into the Church or counte nance its teachings. After the strong aud determined feeling made by all present against Ritualism he thought it would be better to leave the matter with Mr. Andrews, and he would move as an amendment—"That it be left to Mr. Andrews to decide whether the services of Mr. Elcum should be continued or not." They could leave the matter safely in the hands of Mr. Andrews, and it would be more courteous to Mr. Elcum. (Hear, hear.) Mr. F. H. Wigg seconded. After Messrs. Hargrave, Lowe, and Lyons had spoken on the question, Mr. Moulden, in a few words, replied, stating that he thought he had proved most conclusively by Mr. Elcum's hand writing in the book edited by Mr. Clure all the assertions he had made. The question was whether those doctrines were in accordance with the doctrines of the Church of England or not; and if they were, was it prudent to let that man come among their children ? Regarding the amendment, the objection he had to its being left in the hands of Mr. Andrews was because it was a question for the laity. The Bishop felt very warmly upon the subject, as he could testify from a letter which he held in his hand, and which he would read if their correspondence was finished. If Mr. Andrews had to tell Mr. Elcum that he was not to come he would be in an invidious position, and that was what he had wanted to avoid. He had been asked if he thought Mr. Andrews would have asked Mr. Elcum if he thought he would have disseminated the book he had spoken of. He at once said no. Mr. Elcum was supported by high dignitaries of the Church, such as Archdeacon Dove and the Rev. S. Green. He had heard of one minister who spent two hours every week in a nunnery. (Laughter.) What was that for but to form a Protestant nunnery? The Chairman stated that before putting the motion and amendment to the meeting he wished to say that he had no desire to be re- lieved from the invidious position to which Mr. j Moulden had referred. He looked upon it as a question of confidence in him as their minister, and as the one responsible for the conduct of public worship, and he would not shrink from what he considered to be his duty. The amendment was then put, twenty-five hands being held up in its favour and twelve against it. The motion thus lapsed. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Elcum for his services, also to Mr. Moulden for bringing the matter forward, and to the Chairman, after which the proceedings terminated. 