One sîîiïc i Morning ggeí'&lV;« FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1879. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, The President took the chair at 29 minutes past 4 o'clock, and on the motion of Sir John Robertson, the Council proceeded to Government House to present the address in reply to the message of his Excl loney Lord Augustus Loftus, announcing his appointment as Governor of New South Wales. On their return, the reply of his Excellency was reported to the Council by the President. Sir John Robertson laid on the table the instructions from the principal Under-Secretary to the principal shorthand writer of the Parliamentary Reporting Staff, and also the rules made for the general conduct of business under the Customs Regulation Act of 1879. It was ordered that the documents be printed. In reply to Mr. Stewart, Sir J. Robertson stated that Dr. Vaughan received no stipend as Archbishop from the Government of this colony, but it might be said that as Rector of St. John's College he had, from the 17th July, 1874, to 14th May, 1877, received a stipend of £500 a-year ; but since the latter date the amount had been paid to the Rev. William Gillett, the holder of the office of Rector. In reply to Mr. Stewart, Sir J. Robertson also stated that the Council of Education did not supply dictionaries to the pupils in Public schools, though in the advanced schools the scholars had been taught the use of dictionaries, but the practice was not general. On the motion of Mr. Stewart, and after a discussion, in which Sir George Innes, Mr. Holt, Sir A. Stephen, Mr. Foster, and Mr. Docker took part, it was resolved unanimously, that in the opinion of the House, all bills and Acts of Parliament, printed for the Government of this colony, should be duly punctuated. The Council, at twenty-eight minutes past 5 o'clock, adjourned until Wednesday next, at 4 o'clock. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers answered questions put by Mr. McElhone, Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Taylor, respecting the conditional purchase of Mr. Weekes, at Walgett ; the erection of a bridge at Bowman's Crossing, Hunter River ; the erection of a bridge over the Namoi, at Gunnedah ; the erection of the new post and telegraph office at Boggabri, and the holidays allowed to men employed in the Locomotive Department. Sir Henry Parkes stated, in answer to Mr. POses, that the amount paid for the erection and fitting up of the Exhibition building was £223,700 0s. 6d. (inclusive of advances to the Commissioners, amounting to £10,519 4s. 3d. that the sum of £2000 had been paid to Messrs. Montefiore, Joseph, and Co., for galvanized iron, of which, firm Mr. Joseph (one of the Commissioners) was a member and that no pay rent had yet been made to Mr. John Young for his services. Mr. Buchanan presented a petition from residents of Hill End, praying for consideration of their interests in the granting of certain gold-mining leases. Mr. SPEAKER reported the receipt of messages from his Excellency the Governor, recommending that provision be made for the expense connected with the Education Bill and the Electoral Bill. Sir Henry. Parkes laid on the table papers in reference to the Parliamentary reporting staff, and it was ordered that they be printed. Mr. Sej_*£er reported that his warrant for the ) appointment of Messrs. Burns, Day, Cool and, Moses, Pilcher, B. B. Smith, and M'Culloch, as" the Elections and Qualifications Committee, had taken effect, as it had not been objected to within the prescribed time The members of the committee present were accordingly called to the table and sworn. The adjourned debate on the second reading of the Lands Acts Further Amendment Bill was resumed Mr. M'Eliiont. supported the bill, and chiefly be cause he desired to prevent the forfeiture of their holdings of the poor selectors who had not been able to spend more than 10s. per acre in improvements. He believed that most of the recent selections we're for grazing purposes, upon which more than 10s. per acre! could not be expended advantageously, and he was willing to overlook the benefit which the larger selectors would obtain from the reduction in consideration of the interests of the smaller ones. He was however, opposed to the principle of the land law of 1861 which he regarded as an unmitigated evil, as the power which it gave of indiscriminate selection all over the colony was injurious both to the squatter and the selector, and upon this point he concurred in the opinions expressed by Mr. Buchanan. He would have preferred the South Australian system under which the squatters obtained leases with a reservation, enabling the Government to resume the land wherever they thought fit. He was also in favour of the division of this colony into agricultural districts and pastoral districts, and intended to move an amendment which would embody his opinion. Mr. Barton considered the introduction of the bill at the present time most inopportune, as there was no demand for it, whereas there was a strong demand for legislation in reference to the education question and the distribution of the representation. Electoral re- forms should, in his opinion, best be obtained, and" amongst other reasons, because in the event of the bill being lost in the Legislative Council, the Government might obtain a dissolution, and the new Parliament would be based on a detective representation. The reduction in the value of improvements would, for the most part, benefit large landowner, who had gone on selecting as well as purchasing to an enormous extent till the monetary depression occurred, and it appeared to him that, it Parliament should make the reduction retrospective it would sanction the repudiation of part of the contract between the Government and the selector. He held that what was wanted in their land legislation was a new system, and not a bill of shreds and patches, and that instead of selling the land and permitting the accumulation of large properties, they should lease the whole of the public estate, next to which policy he would be disposed to support the suggestion of the hon. members for Mudgee and Upper Hunter for the division of the colony into agricultural and pastoral districts. He intended to vote against the second reading"-. Mr. Lynch supported the bill, which he was sum was the best amending measure which had yet been introduced. The second reading was carried on division by 31 to 9, and the House went into committee on the bill. Clause 2, repealing the 18th and 31st sections of the Land Acts of 1875, and the 25th section of the Act of 1801, was agreed to. Clause 2, enacting the reduction in the value of improvements to ten shillings per acre, was debated at considerable length. Mr. Pilcher moved,-" That the reduction be not retrospective." The amendment was supported by Mr. Green wood, Mr. Copeland, Mr. Greville, Captain Onslow, and Mr. Cohen and opposed by Mr. Lucas, Mr. Garrett, Mr. Farnell, Mr. M'Elhone, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Jacob, The amendment was negatived on division by 27 to G. Mr. Garrett next moved,-" That the reduction should not apply to selections made within three year prior to the passing of the Act." The amendment was discussed and withdrawn. The same hon. member moved, as a further amendment,-" That the reduction should not extend to lapsed and the uke selections that had reverted to the Crown by the operation of the law, which was opposed by Mr. Hoskins, and negatived on division by 21 to 9. The clause was then put and carried on division by 28 to 7. Progress was then reported, and leave given to sit again on Wednesday next. The House adjourned at 11.40 p.m. to 4 p.m. this day (Friday). The particular reason given by Sir Heskt Parkes for adjourning the debate on the Church. and School land question, had not much force in it. He expressed a desire to know the exact state of the account ; but the state of the account is neither here nor there in a debate of the sort that has now been raised. The real issue is one of principle, not of figures. At the same time it was quite reasonable that the debate should be adjourned. A hurried and inconsiderate decision is not to be wished for and the more closely honorable members study the history of this grant the more prepared they will be finally to decide on its disposal. The lawyers have had much to say on this subject, and their opinions have naturally had great weight with politicians. But this" is really more a political than a legal question. Lawyers, from the nature of their studies, are liable to be carried captive by words and the word .. trust," is one that is surrounded by associations of great vigour. Private trusts have properly enough been always protected by Courts of Equity with extreme cave, and when this Church and School Estate is described as a " trust," the ideas associated with a private trust naturally spring up, even unbidden, in the mind of a lawyer, and it requires some robustness of intellect, and some breadth of view to appreciate the difference between a private trust and a national endowment. A glance at the early history of the grant will throw a good deal of light upon the sense in which this estate can be considered as a trust estate in the ordinary legal mean- ing of the term. King George IV., whether moved by his well known piety, or stirred up by gentle hints from ecclesiastical quarters, gave instructions that an area of land afterwards defined as one-seventh part of the area of New South Wales should be handed over in trust for the benefit of the Church of England in the colony, for religious and educational purposes-the Church of England being at that time the only recognized agent of the Government, for the promotion of religion and education. Here we have then all the elements connected with a trust-there is the trusted, there are the trustees, there is the cestui que trust, and there is the property which is the subject of the trust-all four being clearly de- fined. Now let our readers consider what one seventh of the area of the colony meant. It meant not only one-seventh of our present magnificent province, but one-seventh of all that is now Queensland, one-seventh of all that is now Victoria, and probably one seventh of all that is now South Australia, inclusive of its Northern Territory. Well, after creating this magnificent trust, what did the Royal trustor do ? He altered his purpose, recalled his promise, forbad the alienation of any more land to the trustees, and reduced the grant from one-seventh of old New South Wales to half a million acres ! A more gigantic change, in the nature of a trust, was never made, and it might take the breath out of any black-letter lawyer who stipulated for the unalterable character of every form or. words that could be held to create a trust. That was change the first. Change the second consisted in the dissolution of the corporation of Trustees. That body, as the guardians of a particular Chur cn, was dissolved, and the Government which was trustee for the whole colony was in that capacity set to manage this shrivelled residuum of the estate originally named. No one other than those who had to care for the whole country, had henceforth to care for this estate * This change was provided for as a possibility in the original charter ; but when made it was none the less great, because the poSäsible necessity for it had been forecasted. . , Chance the third was a variation in the parties directly interested in the property. The British Government through its agent, the then colonial Governor, deprived the Church of England of its sole interest in the estate, and distributed the proceeds amongst four Churches, this distribution being intended not for the benefit of the Churches as such, but " for the maintenance and promotion of religion, and the education of youth in the colony." The fourth change was when, on the concession of responsible government, the Imperial control of the public lands in this colony, and with them the control of this Church and School estate was passed over to the colonial Government. Now lot our readers who are haunted with the idea of the sacredness of a continuing trust recapitulate to themselves these changes that have happened. A s we said, there were originally the trustees, the trustees, the crslni que trust, and the property the subject of the trust, all well defined. Every one of these has been changed. The trustee has been changed, the trustees have been changed, the cestui que trust has been changed, and the property has been changed. Instead of an Imperial Government we have a popular Government, dependant on the popular vote ; instead of a body of trustees, responsible to a Court of Equity, we have an ex-officio Cabinet responsible only to Parliament muster and trustees having thus become smelted into one instead of one Church as a beneficiary, we have four Churches, the number of which might just as easily have been increased to half a dozen ; instead of an estate of many millions of acres we have only the smaller property of half a million acres. Was ever such a change made in a trust before ? And yet we have people who gravely tell us that the original grant was a sacred deposit, and that all succeeding Governments are bound to it. Sir, John Cdtleu's stockings were said to be identically the same, although in consequence of innumerable darnings, not a single thread of the original hose remained. In the same way the Church and Schools' estates trust is said to survive, although every element that goes to form a trust has undergone a transformation. But if it survives it is only as the ghost of its former self, and whatever new metamorphosis it may be fated to undergo, it can hardly be less recognisable as compared with its original shape. With this so called trust, we cannot do more in the future than has already been done in the past, viz., change every thing connected with it. If we alter the property itself that will be no novelty. If we alter its management, that will be no novelty. If we alter its destination, that will be no novelty. We shall only repeat what the original trustee did. It must be clear to every one, that if there was anything sacred and unalterable with respect to the original grant, no sect but the Church of England has any claim to the annual proceeds, and that Church in Queensland, in Victoria, and in South Australia still retains its trust rights, of which no mere political separation could deprive it. But, on the other hand, if the Government, acting on behalf of the whole community, was free to choose the Church of England as its agent for spending this endowment, and free also to associate three other Churches with it, it is equally free to choose a dozen Churches more or to choose no Church at all. A national endowment is appropriate at the discretion of the national Legislature, and the very choice of the Government to manage this property was in itself a dissolution of all responsibility except that which all governments owe to their people. The good of the whole community is the only guide which a Government can possibly have in discharging its duties, and there can, from the nature of the case, be no trust resting in a Government more sacred than of employing the national resources for the highest good of the nation. The Government is a trustee of the whole national estate and of all the national interests, and all smaller trusts merge in and become part of this large and all ^ comprehending trust. This is a trust which always survives. The Land Bill passed its second reading in the Assembly, last evening, by a majority of thirty-four to nine. No one will be surprised at this. The Assembly committed itself to the measure by a large majority some months ago, and the bill, the main provisions of which have now been endorsed by the House, is substantially the one that it passed last session. It ought, however, to be a matter of surprise that a measure of so much importance has been endorsed after so little inquiry, and, so far as we have any information to the contrary, for too little reason. As Mr. Fitzpatrick put it on Wednesday evening, the case is simply one of reduction of rent. Reduction, the member for Yass announced, does not mean repudiation. No one has ever said that it does. Mr. Fitzpatrick must know that the present bill involves something more than the mere reduction in the value of improvements from twenty shillings to ten shillings an acre. What it involves is reduction for the past as well as for the future, and therefore the case of the Earl of Leitrim is not an analogous one. Even if the act of a private landlord was one of revis- ing a past contract as well as of altering I the terms of a future one, it would not be analogous to the act of the Assembly. In the present instance the act is one of the | representatives of the State debtors, and in some instances it is that of the State debtors themselves. A political movement by which pressure has been brought to bear both upon the Government and the Parliament, with a view to the remitting of the obligations of conditional purchasers from the State, can bear no analogy to that of a movement by which a private landlord releases his tenants. No one will deny that a State has power to fall back upon its contracts. The question at issue is whether it is politic and right for the Parliament to do this, on the grounds which have been laid before the public. If in com- plying with the demand for a reduction in the cost of improvements, the Assembly is not encouraging repudiation, it is encourag- ing something that is closely akin to it. One of the arguments for the reduction in the value of improvements is that conditional purchasers may now take up 640 acres, and that where there are holdings of this size a pound an acre is more than is required. There is a difference of opinion upon this point. It is held by many, who are possibly as familiar with the land ques- i tion as Wv. Hoskins himself, that a pound an acre is not too much to spend on any conditional purchase in five years. But even , supposing that this argument is a sound one in regard to future improvements, it does not follow that it is a sound one in regard to those of the past. In a community in which political considerations are ; so much mixed up with private in- a terests, nothing but the strongest reasons I should suffice for interfering with contracts with the State, and no such seasons have J I been furnished in the present instance. The relaxing of the obligations of conditional ! purchasers whose cases have not been finally J ; dealt with is unjust to all those who have I fulfilled the conditions on which they received their land. The bill, as it has now passed in its second reading, embraces all unfinished 1 cases before 1875, as well as since, and so far it is, in our opinion, more equitable than the amendment which was proposed in the Upper House by Sir John Robertson. To be a just measure, the bill would have to embrace the cases that have been finally dealt with as well as those that have not. Mr. Hoskins informed the House that the chief grievance requiring relief, is that of small capitalists who have suffered from floods and drought, and are therefore unable to meet their obligations. , If such a grievance as this exists, it is an argument for special relief, but not for such a change in the land law as will embrace not only those who have suffered, but those who have not. We have, however, nothing but the word of Mr. Hoskins for the existence of such cases as those supposed, and in a matter of such vital concern to the country there ought to be some more intelligible basis of action than the mere ipse dixit of a Minister. Who are the small capitalists that, in con- sequence of floods and droughts, are unequal to the task of fulfilling their obligations, and how many such capitalists are there These are points upon which no exact information is vouchsafed. The Minister for Lands says that the occupier of an office like his must know more of such a subject as this than anybody else, and on this ground the country is asked to believe that a sufficient necessity exists for the revising all the unfulfilled contracts of conditional purchasers. But Mr. Garrett, who has been a Land Minister, and who is supposed to understand the land question as fully as Mr. Hoskins, stated in the House the other evening that "the people whose circumstances were being considered when the bill was first brought forward, and who had struggled through their difficulties, were now in a fair way of being able to fulfil the conditions of the present law." Thus the testimony of Mr. Garrett is against the argument of Mr. Hoskins, which is to the effect that " the small capitalists had found themselves in such straitened circumstances that they found it exceedingly difficult to fulfil the conditions of the law with regard to im- provements." The difference between Mr. Garrett and Mr. Hoskins on this matter points to the conclusion which we have so frequently insisted upon, that what is wanted on the land question is larger and more reliable information, and that in committing itself to the retrospective provision of this fragmentary measure the Assembly has taken a leap in the dark. 