LOVE THE SOURCE OP OBEDIENCE. A SÈKMOH BX TOTE KEV. YV. a.. a. muaBAT. ««jf a niau lovo me, lie will keep my words."-JOHN > xiv. 23. I think that thoro ls nothing that a sinooro (Jhris tian moro desuroB than to koop tho commandments of Christ. Ho is so thoroughly pursuadod of their es sential worthiness, ho so tidly ¿nd willingly acknow ledges tho obligation thoy impose, the Sonpturo has eo educated him as to regard thom as tosts of piety, that ho has become vory sensitive upon tho subject ; and years only servo to inorenso thia sensitiveness. These commandments aro so inhorontly just, so oon duoivo to tho défonce of his own virtuo, so conserva tivo to publio morals, so salutary to sooiety at largo, that he longs to obey tho voice of Him who spake as never man spake. But human nature is human naturo still ; and lapses occur daily. At no timo have wo found ourselves doing tho whole " law of tho Lora." Temptations como, and aro yiolded to ; and the moro anxious we aro to stand in all tho ordinances of tho law blameless, tho moro wo aro . convicted of failure Effort is constant j and yet wo do not at tain. Baffled and discouraged, men are continually tempted to say, "It cannot be done ; human nature can novor succeed. I will do tho beat I can, and leavo my failures in tho hands of God's mercy." Now, I doubt if thoro is a singlo truo professor in divine prosonco but that has felt this feeling a thousand times. You never hav© succeeded in on heartily desire- to do ; and failuro has at last made yon indifferent or dospondont. You have oithor given over tho attempt, settled down into tho conviction that obedience is beyond your power, and thus aro feeding your hopes with a false consolation ; or else, while you keep on trying and trying, feel you shall never succeed. You do not impeach tho propriety of . the domand; but you do despair of full and trium phant compliance. tiroly doing what feel yon should do, what you Now both of thoso feelings aro bad. They aro in jurious to Christian growth ; they put an indirect as .? persion upon God ; they sap tho very foundations of that structure which tho Holy Ghost seeks to roar within us, -and in order to build which, faith and works must enter in equal proportions. Bat, friends, may it not bo that our ill success is ? due to some other causes than thoso to which wo at tribute it? May it not bc that we havo misnndor . stood tho philosophy of tho subject, and fail to ap ' propriate tho forces which would havo suroly pushed us on towards success? Whence, then, comes the power ? What and whore is this divine energy, whiob, wero it constantly in our hearts, would, with a sweet, . an irresistible authority,-an authority that wo should gladly recognise and yield to,-command obedience ? It seems to me that Christ, as quoted in our test, has suggested the true philosophy to us, pointed ont tho truo source of power to his followers : " If yo love ? me, yo will keep my commandments." Pleaso attond ' whilo I unfold this suggestion before you. Love is a passion ; and tho strongost and most un conquerable forces in human nature aro tho passions. Thoro is a freshet-like sweep to thom. Liko rivers in ( spring time, wlion tho snows aro melting on tho ' mountains, and the clouds, driven . by south winds,. are emptying their waters upon tho earth, thoy riso ' and enroll, and surgo and overflow, submerging tho , whole nature. How this current swoops on, roaring ; as it goes ! Every faculty is covered, and judgmont is but a little skiff, tossing about on tho waves, spun around in tho eddies, and borne on by the headlong flow. And whoover has watched himself, or obsorvod . mon, to any purpose, knows that tho passions aro tho strongest forces of our nature. There is ono mistako almost overy ono maicos. Parents mako it ; teachers mako it ; government makes it. It is this : they mistake the nature and origin of passion. Thoy act as if passions were ovil by nature, and devilish in their origin. This is not «o. God is tho parent of our passions : Ho begat love, and said, "It ia tho fulfilling of tho law j" tf>afc is, : tho forco out of which all obodicnoo comes. Not that '? IST8 ,^so^ fulfils tho law j for no sentiment can take . theplaooof, cando away with, works: but lovo is tho fulfillment of tho law, in that out of it comos all . fulfillment of tho law ; it is tho central wheel ; it is tho great belt which impels in needed revolution overy shaft and wliool in tho ontiro establishment,-just as wo say of a man, " That man's fortuno is in his , brains." JSiot that it isin dollars and oents actually there ; not that storos and blooks of granite aro roally within tho circumference of his Bkull: but that v within his Jbrain are tho forces that shall win tho , _ ; wealth, construct tho buildings, which represent bis . fortune This is what wo moan when wo say that a . man's fortuno is in his brain ; and that is what God .;. means whon Ho says in Soripturo that "lovo is the , fuMllinir of tho law." It is in tho porvorsion, and not in tho natnro, of the passions, that you soo their wickedness. Tho sin is : rn thoir misdirection, and not in thoir origin. How -, olso oan you explain tho chnrgo of tho apostlo, " Bo ye angrj', and Bin not P" Did he not plainly teach, not only tho rank and inherent worth of a passion, but also tho propriety and innooonco of its legitimate exorcise ? Why. tho very conception of a mau is as a passionate oreaturo (I uso tho word in its higher sonso, of oourso). You might as well say that a our cont is a ourront whon thoro is no motion in it, or air is-air with no oxygon in it, as that man is man if ho is " devoid of passion ; for ho was made in tho imago of i God, and ovorywheroin Soripturo God speaks of liim I eolf as a passionate being. Ho "hatoB" and "loves," ' " lau£Iuä" and "pities." At tho heart of all in telligence is glow and warmth, and possibDities of ex ? oitomont and heat. Passion is that vital and vitalising force in human nature that makes it to leaf and flower and fructify. In its sanctified forms you seo tho Gpd , like in man : in its dobascd, tho satanic. "When puro, r \raon rofined, whon noble, you soo in it thobonificonco of a, God ; when stained, gross, and depraved, tho malevolence of a dovil. Wow, when Christ, tho groatost and 'wisest of all teachers, came, he understood thia. Ho know tho uso of çasBion ; for it was his own child. Ho created man with it. Ho know, too, its potency ; for, when mau was begotten, ho .supplied it to him in duo njoasuro and foreo. When ho bogan to teaoli, ho claimed his child. Ho did not go to tho consoicnoo, i and say, " Convict ;" ho did not go to tho rovorential faonlty, and say, " Adoro ;" ho did not go to tho ; season, and say, " Argue, speculate." No: ho did Dpt go to theso woalcer, thodo outlying, thoso uiar I ginal f oreos : ho wont straight and at onoo to tho groat ; central foroo in nature-to that ongino- liko power lu .mn-u. which has powor not morely to propol itself, »at te start all tho long train of faculties that aro be mad it, and depoudontupon it, into motion. Ho wont üiroofcly to thin, J say, and said, "Lovo." In all his teachings, bo nevor forgot this. It runs through all bas. words, and acts, clinging to them, and making itself prominent, as a minor obordin musio makes it soli hoard.amid tho rush of contending sounds by its clear quiotnoss; and, when tho crash of tho ohorus baai ceased;, ßtül clings to tho atmosphere, ns if un wütogto leave it ; aud you fool that that door, quiet straruhas dominated by its very sweetness over, all tho other parts. nocau what tao Scriptures assert touobing tliis matter, and_ you will seo how trno' this remark is. Christ used it everywhere. In tho caso of tho poor wicked woman, whose tears foll on his feet when ho waB at dinner with tho Pharisee, ho mado it tho moasuro of forgiveness. It was because she lovod much that she was forgiven much. -He made it the source of all obedience, as in our. toxt : " If yo lovo mp, yo will koop my commandments." His prayer for his disciples was, " That they might bo ono in love as I and the Eather aro ono." Tho apostlo John speaking, remember, by inspiration-made it tho test of regeneration : " If yo love not your brother whom ye have soon, how ban yo lovo God whom you havonot j seen?" And, as if ho would put it so that alToyos that aro evqr lifted in prayer must, see it, kosoizod his pen again, and'wroto across thc very face of bis ex hortation, in letters that glow to-day, and will while tho Biblo is read, with tho fervour of his desire, " God is love." Lot us say no moro ; for that oxhausts tho resourcos of statement, and lifts tho mind to a sum mit beyond which it oannot mount. Wo havo now advanced so far that wo can hoginto I understand tho text. "If yo lovo me," said Christ : observe, bo didnotsuy,," If you lovo tho principles'! represent, if you believe tho truth I teach, if you imi tato my virtue, you will keep my commandments';" but be said," If you lovo me"-mo tho person, moth© incarnato God, me your Lord and Master, mo your Eldor brother-"you will keep my commandments." Do not forget this distinction. Do not foil to rovolvo it iu your minds. It is not iruth,, but him who ia the "Truth and tho Lifo," you aro to love. It is not virtuo, but him who embodies it, you are to admire. It is not power, but him who wields it with tho heart' of a lover and tho hand of a friond, you aro to addross in prayers. It is not purity, white as a marble statue, robed in snowy drapery, you aro to admiro, but him, tho warm, living embodiment of it, whoso absolute stainlessness is tinted with tho warm glow of his humanity, and whoso form is not chiselled alabaster, immobile and rigid, but vibrant with sympathy, and as sensitivo to omotion OB a happy mother to tho touch and cry of her first-born. Is ib not just at this point that wo aro ablo to seo why roligion is so cold and unexpresBÎvo in tba case of al most all of us ? Our philosophy is at fault. Wo have put truth in front of him who revealed it. Wo keep tho principles, but lose the porson, of Christ. Wo ossooiatoonr lives in their growth with a few groat principles, instead-of'with tho one great God. Wo have preached to defend and oxplain creeds moro than to present Josus to tho hearer. Wo have lost sight of the sun in our cager chase to capturo tho sunbeams ; and Christ might Bay, in a voice which should havo in it the sadness and rebuko of all tho ages, " You havo loved my doctrines moro than youhave me !" t Wiry whonco comos tho charm of lovo, and loving lifo ? Is it not grouped around some person, as frag rance around a flower ? Does itnot come from the oyo, thc voice, tho face, tho form, of ono beloved P Lot tho loved form be stricken, tho voice silent, tho oyo veiled beneath tho fringed drapery of tho lid, nevermore at any call of yours-whether of soft whisper or agonis ing scream-to open, andwhoro'is tho charm of your lovo gono ? It is gone out, I answer, with the personal lifo that expressed it ; gono with tho soul when it passed in its midnight flight ; gono as the fragranoo goes whon you shake tho leaves of tho roso from their fastenings ; gone back to God who gave it ; and " your houso is loft unto you desolate" What is domestic lifo now? It is what a fountain of marble and bronzo is when tho waters hnvo ocasod to play; when tho sound of the pattering and splashing of tho spray is gono, tho jots no longer mark theil1 tiny curvos in tho air, and tho tinted bubbles no longer danoo amid tho ripples at tbo baso. And what is religions lifo when the faco and form of Jesus aro gono from tho chamber of your heart i when you no longer hoar his voice as tho voioo of a loved ono singing in tho stroots ; when you no longer moot tho gazo of his eyes that look lovingly into yours as you look lovingly into them ; when his faco lies as [tho faco of ono strotohed on his bier, covorod decorously with tho cold linon of form and', coremony, that winding- shoot of true piety; when you soo no moro his dear form walking at early morn | and ovontido in tho gardon of your soul, groetod and rofreshod by tho sweotnoss of your faoulfioa, yioldod forth in loving homage unto him? What, I say, ia re ligious lifo, with no living Master and Lord in it, but a cold, silent, embarrassed, constrained, and mournful state, as, I fear, it is too often with all of us? You hear people say that tho ahsonoo ot roiigioi emotion in ourchurohos and among the upper olasai is duo to their culturo and refinement. It is not s< The argamont proves too much. Lovo is notsubjo< to such modification. Who would say that a cult vated person cannot lovo as intensely as n rado one Must a young man marry an ignorant girl in ordor i bo loved ? Must a girl go to an unoducatod, an und( vol oped, a coarse-grained man to find an. aff ootionat husband? Is not tho sweet kiss, tho loving word, th gentío caress, tho charitable patience, tho samo in th Êalaeo and tho oottago? Why, tins Bublinio passio: as hut ono voice, ono touch, tho world over. Lik some bird, trno to its species, that inhabits over; clime, its food, its plumage, its modo of birth an! growth, its note, aro everywhere tho same. Oh I th birds of lovo fly overywhoro. Like tho ravons tha fed tho prophet, thoy aro seen , only by thoso whon they feed ; but overv oyo that seos, thom coming ii lighted with tho vision of tho samo bright form ; am every car that hoars them at all thrills to tho samt sweet music, I know well that somo have tho powoj moro than othors. There aro gradations botweor men in tho emotional as truly as in tho iutollcotua! forces. I have known womon who had a talent foi loving-they wore not learned nor brilliant women, but thoy had a wondorful gift to lovo ; and, abovo al] othors I have ever mot, such womon aro blessed. What a homo theirs is ! What wives, what mothèn they make I They aro to their houses what a lily is tc a room : thoy fill it with swootness without an effort. I novor soo suoh a ono but that I roab'so tho signi fioanoo of tho old Oriental boatitudo, " Bloseod is thc tent that covers a loving woman." I recognise thia difference, I say; but it is a_ difference in natural on dotnont, and not of condition ; and nowhoro should tho emotional olomentbo found in richer dovolopmont, nowhoro Bhonld a warm, tendor, joyful lovo for Christ osißt in greater measuro, than among thoso most favonrcdin culturo and refinement. Tho fields that havo a southoru exposure should havo not only tho most, but tho sweetest flowers. A word now touching thc power of lovo. Obodiouco is tho hardest of all things for thoBO naturally inclined not to obey, to do. It is so -with a ohiíd. Thoro is not ono'of ns who did not find it so in childhood. And it is theroforo necessary to bring tho strongest possiblo motivo to bear upon tho child. that ho may oboy. Tho strongest part of thu dam slionld bo that against which tho ourront sets, This is true with Christians ; Tor wo arc all but littlo cliildron in our relation to tho govornmont of God. Thoroforo it 1 is that Christ points out to us tho strongoBt possible motivo, "love." ^ - ? But you say, " My children lovo mo, but they do not mind mo. That motivo doos not make thom obedient. I havo to re-onforco it by other ones-as hopo of roward, fear of punishment:" Possibly. But, obsorvo, hero is tho statement,, Christ's ownlanguago ; you seo what ho says, and, by analogy and all reason ing, tho same law should bo truo between you and your children as it is truo botween him and us. But reflect a minute. I am given to doubt your statement. Lot me inquire ; have you ever shown your child the connection botwoon your lovo and his disobedience, between your heart and his wrong conduct? Have you mado tho little fellow understand how his be haviour hurta you? Has ho soon pain, real pain, or anger in your taco, whon you caught him in mischief? Havo you sought to restrain him (pardon tho expres sion) as you would a young dog, by the stamp of your foot and tho glanco of your oyo? or as a parent should, by moral education? Some people appeal moro to bruto fear in their childron than they do to human lovo. Noror will I boliovo that when a child is able to understand, has boon taught to porceivo the rela tion botwoon love and obedionco, ho will not yiold him self a willing, captive to a yoko so oasy and. a burdon so light ; atleast, I found it so. It was tho only thing that over ruled me; if I ovor was mied at all. lknow this, and so do you, thatlovc is tho strongest passion known to mortals. It is stroner than hate, that slouthhound of dovilishnoss, whibh no distanco tiros, no threat intimidates ; for death ohocks its cry, and puts a stop to tho chnso. Leaving tho bloody body- on tho sand, it returns content to its konuel. But love is not oheokod, is not woakonod, by death. Amid its bereavement it sings liko a bird that awakens in tho night, and sonds his olear song fear lessly out into tho darkness. I havo soon a young wife and mother stand abovo tho mound beneath which slept both husband and child. lu ono hand sho hold a bud, in tho other a broken bough. Sho planted tho roso at tho hoad, and tho shrub at tho foot, of tho gravo. In a year anothor coffin was lowered to tho side of tho two, and her form slept by thoso she loved. But tho bud grow until it became a bush; covered withflowers, and tho branch booamo a treo ; and, as I looked at tho two, I said, "These aro tho symbols of human lovo : 'the ono struck its roots into tho soil of death, and was grown on what mon called its triumphs ; tho other has added to its lifo a. thousand times, and from an emblem of grief has boon changod by tho nourish ment of tho gravo into tho emblem of joy." There is no power, I say, liko love. It will carry heavier bur dens, boar more yokes, enduro moro buffeting, do more service, face moroporils, live on under thosenso of tho deepest shaine, beyond any other emotion that tim heart of man is able to feel. Its faoo, as I picturo it, is liko tho face of an angel, born from all otcrnity to bo_ exalted-born for a throne, for power, for_ prin cipality-a faco bearing in all its lineaments tho image of tho Faultless, a faoo in which sweetness and majesty contend as tho hues of morning contend at dawn tor possession of tho castorn sky, until they mingle and blend, making by thoir union tho perfect light of the full day : and no power-no, not even sin itself-can so mar its features that, traces of its original and celestial beauty may not be soon amid tho wreck and ruin .of its once glorious countenance. Go to tho dungeon, and through tho grated door its voico comos forth, saying, "Behold! walls of stone cannot compress mo, totter and bar cannot bind mo, chill and dampness cannot stop tho warm current of my veins." Go to the stake, and when you thought to hoar only the soroam of agony,- you BOO an oyo lighted with tho nssnrauao of hope, and catch tho voico of song oleaving the flame. Go to the rook-to those chambers of torture, in which cunning invention ia taxed to supply tho forces of cruelty-and hear it ex claim, while bar and cord, pulley and pincer, are boing plied, "You can tear and rond this body limb from hmb, and-joint from joint ; but mo you cannot rend, mo you cannot destroy. You can batter, down tho door, you can lovol tho walls of my habitation, but I, I shall fly forth at death into tho larger liberty, tho larger lifo of my nativo skies." Thia is tho passion to which Christ appealed when pointing out to his disciples the great motivo of obodienoo. This is that sublimo, indestructible pas sion, that groat gulf-stream of influença, whioh flows tho frozen ocean of our lives, bringing summer and song and tho fragrance of all the tropics in its train. Upon islands bolted with ice, along Bhoros white with frozen ^ surf, against thosa hugo bulks, those embodiments of winter lifting their glistening peaks Kko mountains abovo tho waves, yet roaching down into tho depths dooper than their summits aro borne aloft-against all that is icy and cold and petrified in our hearts, I invoke tho current of this celestial passion to flow. Oh, pour upon us, thou mighty river, whoso sourcois biddon in tho far-off spiritual tropics! -pour upon us tho full tido of thy latent and immcasurablo heat, until our hoarts aro melted and mingled in thy forvid stroam. Como noaror to us, thou Btream of, God I mako short our wintors, and prolong our summers ; broatho thy moist warmth into our atmosphère, until tho air is Bweotand musical with scent flowers and voioo of tuneful birds. I put tho Lordinhis own proper person boforo you. Ho speaks : the mystery is no longor mysterious. My band has found tho clue that leads mo from tho laby rinth of vain endeavour ; light breaks on tho oyos that groped so long in darkuoss : for ho says to mo, to you, to all, "If yo îovô mo, yo will koop my command I monta." . . Wo loam that Navigating Lieutenant P. Haslo wood baa boon appomtod to tho Wolverene, as " ad ditional foi* surveying dutioa ih Queensland vioo Connor, invaUdod. ' Mr. Hasolwood occupied a siihi lar position in tho Admiralty Sarvoy of Victoria for so von years. Älany poraons, nomans, aro noe aware cune wieru ia still in foroo in tho oolony an old Statnto of Charles IL, which deals with tho obsérvanos of the Lord's day, and enacts that tho Sabbath shall bo kept "holy," inasmuch that no manner of worldly labour shall bo performed on that day save and oxoopt works of charity and actual ne cessity. At tho Water Polico Court on Wednesday, two mon, James Winterbottom and Oswald Thomas Bocks, appeared, and pleaded guilty to tho off once of clipping their horsos, tho chargo for which was proferrea against thom by Sab-m Bpcctor Wators. Tho almost obsoloto Aot which guided tho magistrates in thoir dooision ia tho 2!) Car II o. 7, B. L, wbiob provides that all offences against it, can bo tried boforo ono justice-any poreon boing of tho ago of 14 yoars or upwards, tradesman, artificer "or work man, labouror, or other iiorfiou whatsoever, doing or exorcising any worldly Jabonr, business, or work of thoir ordinary calling upon tho Lord's. Day, or any part thoroof (works of necessity and charity only oxcoptod)-ponalty, forfeit tho Bum of 2a, to bo levied by distress and in default thereof to bo pnbbcly Bot in tho stockB for two boura. This hoing tho only altornativo, tho justices thoreupon recorded tho sontonoo. Now, wo should like to know whore aro tho etooks in Syanoy whoroin to plaooprlsenorB? 