NEWS OF THE DAY. The P. and O. Company's steamship \- Tanjore, with the Suez mail, urrivid yester- '."morning. tally four days w.thm contract i ,io0 Although not having boon notified as Cape Otway, or entering the Heads, i The officers of the mail rtepartmens were \- ' the alert,.. and in less than twenty minutes after ""dropping the anchor in Sobson's Bay tho Melbourno portion ; ef the mail, consisting of 238 packages, „ni cut and lauded at iiaudridge. The mail consisted of 450 packages. Of theto ' .jr, were for Sydney, sent overland by ; train via Wodonga ; 19 for Queensland j 10 . for Noumea, and 5 for the naval squadron, to bo sent on by tho steamer Avocs, which to-day ; 94 for New Zealand, sent by the ateamer Arawati ; auH 50 for Tasmania, i forwarded by the steamer Mangana, tho two lattor vessels leaving Hobson s Bay within nn hour of having the mails placed on hoard of them, 'i ho 1 anjore liaa brought a lame number of paasebgers, amongst them Alderman Moubray, of this city, and several i olrt colonists. _ „ From onr telogramn from Bcnalla ana Msuslield it will be noon that the pohco have availed themselves of the power oon- erred by the Oth olauso of tho Outlawry i Statute and made a number of arrests of oersons who are rolativos of and alleged sympathisers with Kelly and the other out laws They will be bronght before the justices this morning and remanded. Itis- linw anticipated that intelligence of the arrest of tho outlaws will ho received before long. The revenue returns oC tho oolony fcr the quarter and year ended 3 1st December lust were published in the Government (hrrtlv issued last night, nnd are eminently reassuring as to tho finaucial condition of the colony. The revenue for tho quarter amounted to £1, 13S, 100 l is. 3d., which was nr. inoroDse. as compared with t J'o corres ponding quarter of Inst year of £.L,2S4 Yti 3d The receipts from ail uoutcaa for the year were £4,590,307 5s. Id., ns Against £4 512,201 2s. 3d. for tho year ending 31st December, 1877, thus showing an increase ot £33 040 2s. lOd. for the past year. The' principal items upon which this .ratifying increase baa takoii place re— Sugar and molasses, £25,lb'l ; fruits, £0011; live stock, £10,3SG ; land tax, £170,037 ; lands receipts, £1!),772 ; rail ways! £105,100 ; Van Venn water supply, £4247 ; postage and motley ordori, £7040 ; electric telegraph, £4009,; snlo of Govern. , inn t property, £5017. Ton chief items of iltr-reaBe arc — Spirits. £22, "SI ; wine, £307S; tobacco, £8395 ; malt, £4212; ml valorem . duties ami other articles, £105,1131 ; wlinr- fai.-e rates, £40,577 ; succession duties, £:;r,,954 ; noctiiin sales of Crown lands, £li,\li:f 15n. -Id. : pastoral occupation, ' £ilSI ; interest on public account, £10', 0:14 ; jtit erect on leans to local bodies, £10,333. Tho Governor yeotcrdny received a de spatch iiy the English mail, acknowledging the icceipt of tho addressee of congrntula- , Sinn to I.ord Beaconslield, adopted nt publio meetings hold at Melbourne r.nd BaUarat, ami forwarded to the Secretary for the Colo nic!' by the respective mayors. The deBpatoh will bo published in due course. Preparations aro already being made for flic departure of Sir George Bowen for the Mauritius, which event will take place on ti,n 22ml February. Arrangement# have been entered into with regard to securing the passages. It is intended that the Marquis of Normanby, who will arrive on the 24th. shall toceiva a suitable welcome, nnd it is expected that members of all political parties, will join in tho demonstrations with which tho new Governor is to be iccoived. Sir Hercules Robinson arrived in Mel bourne yesterday, having travelled overland from Sydnoy. Ills Excellency, who is stay- in,' at the Oriental Hotel, will proceed im mediately to Glenormiston. where he will be the gueBt of his son-in-law, Mr..Finlay. The Minister of Publio Works has received a letter from Sir Jno. Coode, the eminent engineer who recently visited Victoria on business connected with the proposed harbor improvements, acknowledging the receipt of plans, measurements and other particulars relating to the Warrnambool harbor. Sir Jno. Coode states that the information with which he has been supplied will be amply sufficient to enable him to arrive at a decision with reference to the proposed improvements, and that he hopes to be able to communicate his opinion on the subject to the Minister of Public Works in a few weeks time. Mr. W. Collard Smith had a further interview with Sir W, Jorvois yesterday in reference to the improvements to be effected in the proposed scboine of fortifioatioDs. Sir W. Jerrois has not yet furniehod liis me- morondum rcspeoting tho proposed floating target for the exercise of the artillery , bat he ic understood to bo of opinion that a target made of canvass attached to short in, sets of wood or iron, as suggested '.a 7 he would answer the purpose. Sir Wil liam has tho subjoet uudcr consideration, ami he will communicate tho result of bis iuvcetigatious to thii Cabinet. A letter has been received from Sir Archi bald Micllic giving particulars of the result of a consultation which he has bad with tho officials at the War department in I,ondon on tho subject of Victorian defences. Sir Archibald aays that the Lords of tho Admi- rilty have given considerable attention to tlie cpccial requirements of a torpedo launch for 1'ort Phillip, and lntvo decided in favor oi a Recked boat of otecl, about flfty.fivo or sixty feet long and nine feet benin, capable of ateauiing twelve to thirteen knots per hour, stouter than the torpedo boat con- nt> noted by Messrs. Thorueyeroft and On.,, hut of a similar character to the launoli recently supplied to tlie Portuguese Govern ment. A difference of opinion exists amongst the authorities, in England with ye- spent to tho Whitehead torpedo. Somo are nt opinion that it might bo adapted to land locked waters such as Port Phillip Bay ; but they have not been found perfectly satisfac tory when launched in a seaway from vtviels going at a high rate of speed. Some authorities are strongly in favor of a spar outrigger torpedo, as requiring less skill, and rinnsgeineut in its use. In real warfare it ia thought that that kind of torpedo would" prove the most efficacious. A deputation from Mirboo, on tho Tartvin River, had an interview with Mr. Pattarson nt the Public Works department yesterday in reference to tho proposed formation of a new road from Mirboo to Morwoll. Mr. , Patterson replied that it was tho duty of the shires concerned, viz., those of Albe-rton and Rosednle, to mako roads, and that the Government would be williug to grant a snrn of money towards the ex penditure. Ho promised to communicate on tho subject with the shires mentioned. A communication received from Mr. G. C. Levey, C.M.G., states that the Victorian court at the Paris Exhibition was officially visited by the Marshal- President of tho Re public and the Duchess of Magenta, who examined tho exhibits with considerable in terest. The Dnehoss accepted with great pleasure, and the Marshal suitably ac knowledged, the . gift of a handsomely- bound book of photographs, prepared in the Victorian Lands department. On tho 9th November an address, accompanied by a testimonial, was presented to Sir Philip LunlifFe Owen, K.O.M.G,, by' the repre- scnlativcB of Victoria and the other colonies. rue article presented with the address was an elegant silver opergne, valued at mO guineas, manufactured nt Adelaide, Sir Phillip, in responding, proposed Prosperity to Australia, to which Mr. G. G. Levey re plied; Mr. Levey has been making great exertions in London to keep alive tho public v'fjf?'. 'I"1 forthcoming International Lxmbition in Melbourne, and he reports that he has been fairly successful. He proposes to bring out ;ior use at the exhibition luro the show-eaees, fittings and otbor articloa which have been in use in the Paris exhibition. Mr. Levey has plaoed himself In cominuni cation with Sir P. Cunliflb Owen, the Colonial Institute and the Society of Aits, with a view of securing their active :o.operation in the measures to he taken to l.f'fhe the success of the Exhibition, and Jit Philip C. Owen has warmly responded, a. a letter which lie has. addressed >o Mr. Levey, lie says that he is prepared to become an active member of any com mittee that the Government npiy deem it desirable to form, and to place his services unreservedly at the disposal of that com mittee. Ho assures M r. Levey that l>e will \- mc whatever influence ho may possess, not only in England, but in other parts of the tend, for the promotion of tho undor- taking. Some greatly exaggerated statements have been made respecting the expense of boring by means of the diamond drills. A Melbourne journal has stated that the cost of j'Oiiiig at Kingston amounted to £1 Ss. ; or tout; but it is difficult to see how such an. Wiiiiate couid by aiiy possibility havo boon an iveit at. The Kingston drill '.com- m-ucnl .. on tho 20th Decembor, the iktiloiico accomplished on that day being o, , 011 tho 21st, 20 ft. 7 in,: od the -3rd, .'3 ft. j(j in-. on the 24th, 9 ft. 7 A in.: on the 27 tb, 21 ft.; and on the 2Sth, 17 ft. ilia.; making altogether 116 ft, bored in It days. The boring was all done through basalt rock, and the actual cost will be about 4s. per foot. Under the old system of singing the1 expense was 12». per foot, and a party ot men oonld sink a distance of about 12 ft. In a week. It is anticipated by the Mines department chat the cost of boring generally will range from 7s. 1 to 10s. per foot, all expenses In conneotion with the work being considered. It Is not Intended at presoot to make any farther attempts to recover the broken rods whioh ware left in the boring at Caatlcmaine. The mishap whioh ocoarred in conneotion' with the boring there has proved a somewhat serious affair. , The " bit" containing tbo diamonds, which is now buried in tbe ground, is valued at about £25, and tbe 300 ft. of rods left in the ground cost four shillings per foot. The only way of reoovering them would be to construct a large " bit" with which to bore round tho present boring, and so looBen the rods. The construction of such an apparatus, however, with the requlsito fit. tings, would involvo an oxpendituro'of bo- tweon £300 and £400, and it is by no means certain that tbe experiment would succeed. It is believed tbat the " bit" has entered a quartz reef, and that tho water tot coming up has caused the boring to become chokod up and thus made tho rods stick fast, the Water usually escaping by a fissure in the j vioinity of tho reefs. The interlocking points and signals, manufactured by Messrs. M'Kenzie and Holland, for the South Yarra railway station, arrived by tho s. Kent, and have now been handed over to tbe Railway department. They will be fixed in raadinoss for the opening of the Oakleigb railway, which is now in oourso of construction. The following tender was yesterday ac. copied by the Railway department, viz., for painting and varnishing fifty-six gatekeepers' cottages on the Stawell and Horsham lino Fk. Monk, £328 9s. 7d. The interlocking point and signal system, in addition to tho greater safety it affords, is valuable in mauy other ways. Tho recent ncoident at the Hawke-streot railway embankment is a case in point, Tbe system being in forco at the siding over which the ongino ran, the fact is conclusively proved that the driver must have gone directly in the face of his signals, for had ths signals been in his favor the points would have been closed and he could not have run into the blind siding ; as it was, tho mere fact of his being ahlo to cross the points into the siding shows that the signal for bla line was against him. Tbedeoisions of the Collingwood magis trates in all cases of rowdyism, and of ob. atrunting tho police, havo been recently innrked with a tendency to bo too le nient. It is Btated on wbnt apnea to bo good authority that many of the local force have determined not to take anybody in charge unless they are absolutely cumpellcd to do so. Doubtless, in many cases, there nro extenuating circumstances sufficient to war rant magistrates in discharging, or leniently fining, a prisonor, but the police imagine they are not treated with impartiality, and that a proinium is held out to their oworn foes, the larrikins and rowdies of Colling wood, to commit acts of violence. Last Thursday's Aye gavo nn acoonnt of outrages that wero committed by larrikins on Now Year's morning, and recorded the fact tbat two of tbo offenders were in tbe custody of tlie Collingwood police. Tbeso yonng men. Win. Asbnian and John Card, both ol whom had provious conviotions recorded against tlicrn, when brought up on Thursday morn, fug, were discharged with a caution. Two roughs, named Stephen Mitchell, aged fifty- seven, and .Tames M'Carty, aged twenty-one, wore charged at the Colling wood Polioo Court, yestorday, with wilfully damaging property. At about one o'olook on the morning of the 2nd inst. they went to tho dwelling of Mr. Jenkins, situated in John ston-street, and niter calling out for a woman named Gus, whom they believed to be in the house, tboy Bmashed tho door and entered tbe promises, With the assistance of another man, Jenkins succeeded in driving the in truders out. The police, being informed of the occnrrenae, arreBted tho prisoners. Mitchell had Bervcd a sentence of twelve months for being on one occasion found with a bag of stolen fowls in . his possession, in company with nn escaped convict,; while 1 M'Carty, whose real name is Alexander Cleary, has been convicted four times. For some reason or other, however, the men wero let off with a fine of 5s. and the payment of 10s damages each. .M'Carty was also charged undor the Vagrant Aot with having bo unlawful weapon — a ntone slung in his handkerchief — in his possession. Tho feenoh, however, ruled that n stono so carried was not an unlawful weapon, and dismissed the cbargo. Tho sooner magistrates who are capable of giving snch decisions are removed from the bench tbo better. The publio look to the Minister of Justice to protect tbem. The match between the Australian Eleven and tho Englishmen progressed to a very considerable extent yesterday. On Thurs day the Englishmen made 113 in their first innings, and the Australians had three wic kets down for 95. The latter finished their innings for 250, of whioh A. Bnnnerman got 73, Spofforth 39, Boylo 2S, and Garrett 2li. With 143 to the bad, tha Englishmen commenced their socond "innings, and when six o'clock oamo had lost six of their best wickets for 103 runs, of which tho captain mudo 30 by first- cIiibs criokot. They have tlni3 to get forty runs to avert n one-innings defeat, but as C. Absalom, who made 52 first innings, and L'uimett have yet to come, it is possible that the Australians may have to go to the bat again. Flay will bo resumed to-day at noon. The cbargo of admission to the ground has been reduced to one shilling, and an extra shil ling will obtain entrance to the stand. The hand of tho Colliogwoud Rifles will play on the ground during the afternoon. . By tho mail yesterday, Messrs R. D. Wnlkorand F. Pcnn arrived to strengthen the team of English cricketers now here. The former was for years one of the best players in England, but is now somewhat past his, prime ; but the latter is regarded as one of the foremost of the amateur batsman in tho old country, and also howls n little. He ploys for the. gentlemen and for the connty of Kent. At a meoting of trades' dologaten, held last night, opinions were expressed strongly condemnatory of tho compromise recently effected between tho A.S.N. Company nnd their late employes at Sydney ; but, taking into consideration tho unreliability of some telegrams received, it was decided to post pone passing a direct vole of censure by ex press resolution until tbe full particulars of tbA terms arranged can be received. Audi tors were appointed to wind up the aocounts of subscriptions collected in this colony in aid of the strike, and an onti-Chineas Te.-gus is to be immediately formed. The idea most in favor at present seems to he to induoe all workmen and artizaus, throughout the colony to join tho league, the entrance fee boing Is., and tbe internal management to bo similar to that of a friendly society. The usual quarterly mooting of the Trades' Hall committee waB held nt the Trades' Hall last evening ; Mr. Francis Gunn in the chair. After the ordinary business bad been dis posed of, tbe secretary was asked to explain the ciroumstances connected with his ap pointment on tbe Exhibition commission. Mr. Murphy, in reply, stated that it was not in consequence of any offioial request being preferred, but that it was tbe opinion of tbo Government that the working classes — tbe men who make exhibitions, should be repre sented, and in his appointment, backed as it was by the recommendations of gentle men connected with the tradeB of tho colony, they were pnying a just tribute to the large section of tbo community ho was intended to represent. Several members having ex pressed their approval of the appointment. Mr. Fuller moved, and Mr. Pilgrim seconded, " That tho explanation of our secretary is complete and satisfactory." The resolution was carried unanimously. It was also re solved that that information should ho fur nished to the press, and the neccBsary cor- rectiono recommended. A meeting of gentlemen interested in ad vancing tho mining, farming and manufac turing interests, was held at Scott's Hotel yesterday ; Mr. Mount in the chair, Mr. Cornish explained his views on the qucstiou, and proposed the establishing of an institu tion with the special objeot of advancing tho above interests. Mr. Nickloss, M.E., en dorsed tho opinions expressed by Mr. Cor nish, that a company having for its objeot tho supplying of machinery, to enable the labor of the operative miner and mining companies . to be more profitably utilised, would meet a great requirement. It was then resolved — "That this meeting, having heard the pro posal of Mr. Cornish for establishing the Australian Gold and Estate Bank, for the development of the miniog, farming and manufaoturiDg resources of the colony, cor dially approves of tho idoa, and will co operate with him in the organisation of tho company, in accordance with the terms of the prospectus." The meeting was then ad- jonrnod. A publio meeting, convened by the presi dent of the Sliire of < Coburg, in accordance with a resolution carried at tho council meeting, was held last Thursday evening iff the shire hall, to obtain the opinion ot the ratepayers as to the bsst means of per manently vesting the orderly-room, which has recently become tho property of the dis trict. Mr. C. M. Lilbonrne moved, and Mr. Caleb Dnnstan soconded, "Tbat tbe room he left entirely in the hands of the shire conn- cillors, to make the best nse of It for the ratepayers," whioh was carried unani mously. Tbe monthly meeting of the committee of tbe Asylum for the Blind was held yesterday afternoon, at the Assembly Hall, Collins- street ; Mr. Benson in , the chair. It was deoided to hold tbe annual meeting of sub scribers on 21st January. The committee of the Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb wrote, asking tbat the resolution passed at a recent meeting of the committee of tho Asylum for tbe Blind, by which tho Rev. Wm. Moss was compelled, npon accepting tbo post of super intendent of the latter asylum, to relinquish Iris position as scoretary to tho Deaf and Dumb Ihstitution, might be rescinded. The matter was referred for consideration to the next committee meeting. On the recommen dation of the honse committee accounts amounting to £27S Os. lid. were passed for payment. Tho same committee reported that tho income for tho month of December was £830 13s. 5d. which amount included : — Subscriptions, £171 13s.; manufactures, £50 17s. Id.; and Government grant, £G00. An extraordinary meeting of the share holders of the Oriental Hotel Company was held last nigbt for tbo purpose of taking into consideration the best means to be adopted to remove tho debt at present upon the company, Mr. D. Gaunson, M.L. A., occu pied the chair. After a long discussion it was resolved thafthe direotors be authorised to issue, when and as they may deem ad visable, preferential shares to such extent and bearing for such term such rate of interest as tbey may think advisable ; and to make any necessary alteration in the articles of association for the purposo of carrying the same into effect, it was also decided that, in order to show tho progressive nature of the Company's bnsiness, a special audit of the acoounts.for the mouths of November and December ehonld be prepared, and snb- uiittod to the shareholders. The proceed ings then terminated. A meeting of gentlemen Interested jn the corn trade was hold at tho Temple-court Tavern yesterday, for tho purpose of disouB- ning tbe advisability of establishing a corn exchange in Melbourne. An opinion was generally expressed tbst such an institution was greatly needed, bnt no definite steps were taken, tho meeting being adjourned in order that all branches of tho trade might be iuvitod to be present. The adjourned meet ing will be held within the next fortnight. The first general circular of the executive committee of tho Intercolonial Juvenile In dustrial Exhibition has been issned. It is devoted chiofly to an enumeration of the benefits expeoted to result from its being held, and it announces that the sohedale of rules and classification of proposed oxhibits will be publisbod very shortly. The inmates of the Benevolent Asylum appear to be in the throes of a religio- polemico agitation, judging from tbe contents of a do cument, written in grandiloquent phraseo logy, and pead yesterday at the meeting of the committee. From what could be ascertained from its style it appeared that a society bad been formed for rsligious instruction, and meetings instituted on certain evenings weekly to hear religious addresses. Tho do cument was signed " Wm. Tibhald, late secretary," and stated, in proof of the use. fatness of tlie institution, tbat "tho writer could point to several wha died in tbe hope of a glorious resurrection, and attributed their salvation to the clear and simple expo sition of the grand truths proclaimed at these meetings." The immediate grievanoe com- plained of was the interference of tho "spi ritual brotherhood," who, by some unex plained machinations, were represented as utterly neutralising those laudable efforts of the "society." Ab a proof of tho utter pro- fiigacy of this obnoxious " brotherhood," " ths writer beard one of them allege that tho only member of the board of whoso salva tion they entertained any hope is Mr.Cronch." The reading of this unique dooument onuscd considerable amusement, resulting in the matter being left in the hands of the super intendent to aettlo the hubbub at bis own discretion. John Bowring Journenux, an anotioneer, was arrested by Detective Nixon yesterday on a charge of forgery. The alleged forgery was committed at Red-hill, near Dromana, the victim being Wm. M'llroy, n farmer. Tho accused is an auctioneer; carrying on business at Hawthorn. Two gentlemen walking aloDg Lonsdale- street on Thursday night saw a bushman fighting with three man at the junction of the street with Hayward-Iane. The bush- man escaped from his assailants and asto nished the Bpeotntors by drawing a revolver. At the sigbt of that weapon tbe three scoun drels — all apparently larrikins — ran up Hay- wnrd-lano, and tbe bushman fired three shots after them, and thon followed vowing threats of vengeance. Tho two gentlemen first alluded to thou proceeded to Kussell- streot barracks and reported wbat thoy had soon, bnt although tbo police have since made inquiries they have been unable to learn anything further concerning the strange ocourrenee. Captain Newman, tho newly-appointed oommander of the stoamor Ringnrooma, with his chief officer, Mr. Wolmtor, bad the grati fication of being made tbe recipients of flat tering addresses and a purse of sovereigns each by the psssongers who travollod with tliem this trip from Now Zealand, as a token of their esteem for the kindness shown du ring tho passago. The presentation was made ou New Year's eve. An old woman of a respeotablo appearance was found early yesterday morning by tbe Collingwood polioo wandering about with only a thin skirt and shawl on, and without any shoos to hor feet. She was slightly inebriated. Her name was ascertained to be Margaret Monzios, a widow, of a respeotablo family, bnt slightly .weak in the head. Another womnu was arrested in tho samo suburb in an intoxicated condition, carrying a very young baby in her arms. There is evidently still a large field which needs the labors uf philanthropists such as Mr. Bur nett in Collingwood. On New Year's night Timothy Mahoney, about sixty years of age, was given into custody by a woman named Abigail Gould on a cbargo of unlawful assault. The man. stated tbat the woman had aggravated him by calling his wife bad names, and I10 was subsequently allowed out on bail. Two or three boars later lie was re-arrested, on a cbargo of drunkenness. He was fined for the latter offence, bnt bad managed to settle with the prosecutrix in tbo assault case, which wa« consequently dismissed. Petty thefts are becoming of almost hourly occurrence in a cortain portion of Collingwood, Residents in East Collingwood complain that their gardens are always being despoiled of fruit by boys, who, instead of attending scoool, prowl around the lanes and back ways of chat suburb. Yes terday morning a lady residing in Nichol- .'son-streot, Collingwood, complained to the police that she had lost a valuable magpie. Two boys who were playing near' the spot informed hor that they had Been another boytof about ten years of age, holdlv walk into ber demises nnd take away the bird, James Carnegie, a young man describing himself as a cabinetmaker, was charged at Collingwood yesterday with having deserted his illegitimate okild by Matilda Peters. "When the defendant became aware of his paternity he left tho colooy for Adelaide, but recently returned to Melbourne to spend the holidays. The girl heard of bis being in town and applied for a warrant, whioh was duly issued. Carnegie was ordered to find one surety of £25 that he would pay 7b, fid. per week towards the maintenance of the child. . x Leonard Samuel Dowling, who has been already committed for trial on several charges of embezzlement, was brought up at tho Colliugwood Polioo Court yesterday on two further charges. Ho had been employed as agent for Thomas Robinson, boot faotor, Sackville-stroet, Collingwood, and had failed to pay to bia employer two sums of £3 12s. aud £5 14s. 6d. respectively, which lie had collected ou'bebalf of Mr. Robinson. The latter gentleman did not appear to proaooute, and tho prisoner was disobarged in both of the caBes referred to. A letter has been received by Mr. Kitts, of tbe Opera House, from Mr. Lyster, who, at the date of writing, was in London. Mr. Lyster says that his health is rapidly im proving. He has engaged a fall company of operatic artistes, amongst whom is Madame . Rose Qersee, a prima donna of high repute in England. A portion of the company will oome by the Lusitania, which is expected to arrive next week, aud tho rest by tho Cliim- borazo. Mr. Lyster will return to Melbourne by tbe mail, arriving about the 25th of February, and the new company will com mence a season at the Opera House about the middle of March. The result of tbe recent appeal made by I tbs' Immigrants' Aid Sooiety 10 the publio ! was tbat £36 9. was reoslved by tbo ««; tury of that institution as a sort of special fund, for' the purpose of presenting to esoh female and infantile inmate a new dress and hat. Other funds were also received In order to provide Christmas presents to all the inmates. Ths secretary is desirous > of thanking all subscribers, whose donations will be acknowledged in the usual bminess form. An inquest was hold yesterday by Dr. Youl on tho woman who was burnsd in her residence at Prahran on the nigbt of the .fflst ult., and died at the Alfred Hospital. A witness deposed that, on tha nigbt of tha 31st utt., he- was passing the houte of de ceased and hoard her screaming. He ran inside and found h'ar lying on the floor, with her clothes on fire. Having extinguished the flames, he called in assistance, snd had her taken to the Alfred Hoepitat, The evi dence of the resident snrgeon of the hoe pitat showed that death had been caused by a shock consequent upon the burns, and the jury returned a verdict of accidentally burnod. The Theatre Royal last night was viiilod by his Exoollonoy Sir Georgo Bowen, Lady Bowon, Sir Wm. Jorvois and suite, in whose presence the pantomime of Jack tho Giant Killer was performed. Tho representation passed off very successfully, and several puns apropos of onrrent events, interpolated in tho Keep it Dark song, created great merriment. The pantomime will be re peated this evening. Alfred the Groat was repeated at the Academy of Masia last night, and proved highly entertaining. It witl be given again to-night " The pantomime Pluto was again presented at the Opera House last night, and proved as attraotivo as on previous representations. Under the Gaslight was performed for the last time at the Princess's Theatre yesterday evening. To.night East Lynne wul be pre sented, Mrs. Gladstone and Mr. Theo. Hamilton being tnoiuded in the cast. Tbe ghost pantomime at the Athenieum last night . was witnessed by a crowded audience, who enjoyed the entertain ment thoroughly. The performance was so amusing as to provoke tbe utmost mirth, and the speotators of tbo ghoitly antics were kept in roars of langhter. This afternoou there will be a matinee at htlf- past two, and the evening's entertainment will be the last of the series in Melbourne, An ample programme is provided for Mon day night's popular ooocert nt the Melbourne Town Hall. Madame Tasca, tbe English pianists, will again appear in conjnnatloa with Mdlle. Rossly Merz, Mr, R. L. Glover, Mr. Skinner nnd Mrs. Banks, the Sydney contralto. The Roy. Alexander Y ule, who wm called to the pastorate of Emklue Church, Cnrhon, arrived by the mall, and ti to preach la that church to-morrow erv». lnT at et-ven o'clock. The annual meeting 0? the Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society will he helo on Thunday next, when the icvision of the rules will be considered aijd office-bearers for ISI9 elected. . The Sydney Unater Baltere' Association, at a meet- Ins held on tho I4th ult., pasiedthe lollowlnp rtuohl- Hon " The l In future nil Hour purchased by mem bers of tho association shall not l>o leae than 200 tb. net per sack , and ZOOOtb. netperton. ' Thox report of tho Lying-in Hospital and Hos pital for Diseases of Women and Children for ths week ending 2nd January Is ns follows : — SS patients in hospital, 14 admitted dnrlitg the week, IS dis charged. none died, 8(1 remain tu hospital ; total num ber ol out-patients for the wcclc,SC ; now caies, 10. Mr. Edward Hart, solicitor, of Commercial Bank- chambers, has been appointed by tho Chief Justice of Western Australia, a comrnla loner of the Supremo Court of that colony for taking Affidavits, and ulas for tnhlmr acknowledgments of deeds executed by married women. Publications lfoiwlvod.— The Chinese and the Sen- mcn'a Btriko; a lecture delivered In Sydney, by ths Hev. J. Jclferles, LL.U.: M. L. Hutchinson, Mot- . hournc. — Hood's Comic Annual for 1x70. — Tho 17c- tori an Independent for January I A. and W. Bruco, Melbourne. — Tho Australian Medical Journal, for Aucust,lS78. Collingwood Lodco Ho. 3, Order of St. 'Andrew, hold their half-yearly meeting on Thursday In the lodge robin, Grace Darling Hotel, Smitb-etreet. Tho follow ing officers wero elected :— Bro, King (re-elected), Wnrahipful Matter ; Bro. IVatis, D.M.; Broi. hand weles, Davy, Nelson and Lcverton, wardens ; Bros. Patterson, Peddle and K. S. Jones, tylere ; Bro. Dowey, treasurer; Bro. Hincks, secretary. Tho City organist will pDy the following selections on the grend organ' this evening at' eight o'clock:— Overture, Tito Culiph of Hogdad, Boleldieu ; Anaanto in G, Batista ; (by epeclal desire) Grand National Fan tasia, The Rose, Shamrock and Thistle, arranged by David Lee; March from Tannhauser, Wagner; Orato rio Solactlon, Messiah, vl/.., Bnt thou didst not leave, and chorus Lift up Your needs, Uandel ; finale, National Anthem. The advantages of n sanatorium in a healthy situ&. tton nt which Invalids may reside and receive such medical attendance and nursing cs may best conduce to Uiolr early convalescence are generally admitted. Dr. Blatr haa recognised tills want, and towards meeting it ho -has opened no establishment of the character named. It in situ»ted,on land at Sorrento, having an area of 100 acres, and Is well adapted for its Intended purpose. 'I he People's Concerts at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, under tho management of tho ci in- raltlee of the Total Abstinence Society, have an ex cellent programme provided fur this evening. Mr. Elton Glover, the basao, will tnake his first appear ance, and sing The Monarch ot the Woods, and tnlie part la trio with Mlse Fanny Sheppard and Mr, Hkfnner. Vaster Diamond, tho young 'Australian pedo-tal dancer, who In only twelve years ot uge, will also appear. Messrs. Bennett and Holloivay, jewellers, Elizabeth- atrcet, exhibit In their window leu very handvoino gold medals, manufactured by them to tho order of tho Scotch team, the winners of the late Intercolonial Rifle Vetch. 'Ihoy are presented by Major Irving, 'tbe shape is that of & Maltese cross. Within a circle, on one side Is a nicely engraved Scotch. tnletlo, on the other, a sultablo Inscription. Tho V.U.A, gold mc lal Is also to bo seen lor n few days at the same estab lishment. At the ordinary meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum yesterday, the superintendent's report gave the state of the house as follows : — Men, 416 ; women, 208; total, 624. There were vacancies for six men and two women, which were filled up from applicants then present. The resident medical officer reported 181 In the hospital attached to the Institution; and under treatment but not in the hospital 52; also the following deaths since last meet- ing:— 27th December, Andrew Corrigan, native of Monaghan, Ireland, of enteritis, aged forty-two years, had been an inmate for six weeks; 28th De- cember, George Watkins. native of Sussex, England, of general dropsy, aged fifty-four years, in asylum for three months. THo Irleudly societies of 1 lie Upper Plenty district held their filth annual plenlc nt tliu Yan Yean Kerer- voir paddock on New Year's day. The various socle tlos— Kechabltcs, Oddfellows, St. Andrew's and other kindred orders— assembled about twelve o'clock near the Picnic Hotel, and having formed Into procession, headed by the Southern District Band, proceeded along the cmlmmiment and returned to the hill, where an awning was provide ! for tho music and a space roped off for the dancing. After a few words of congratulation from Mr. ltyuii, It was Intimated that a collection would bo made nmung tho visitors, to de fray expenses of omelc, &c.;,nnd to devote any Surplus funds thero might bo left to a local charity. The various picnic iiartiestlien dispersed themselves over the bill and selected the most shady nooks to unpack and discuss the various good things provided. Dane. Ing, swinging, running nnd oilier sports wore pro vldcdi A most enjoyable day was spent. There were about £000 vl.lto'rs on the ground. Tlio usual weekly meeting of the cnmmltteoef ma- nagement ot the Immigrants' Aid fociet.v was held yesterday in tho Lecture Hall, Baptist Church, Collins-street ; Mr. I lies. Dixon In tho chair. The tato of the house was rcpurted as follows:— Num ber remaining lant week, .V— ; died, S — (train geucra! debility, John Smith, aged Hevonty-eight yeare, native of Yorkshire, England ; rroin general de. billty, James Ward, aged sixty-slx years, native of Westpurt, Ireland ; frum marasmus, John Cul lins, cgeii fourteen months, nai ve of Victoria); remaining, 290 men, 132 women, and 10S children —in all, 620. At the ssiiic time last year tin-re were 200 men, 125 women, and 93 children. There are 117 men, 27 women and ft) children sick ; 3 men stotiobreaklng; ft hag making; 163 oakum pick ing, Ac.; and S working outside; 12 women in the laundry ; 14 sewing ; 79 halr-teanuig, &c.; Outdoor re. Uef was given toll fnuulios, or 84 individuals, on pre- senting the rellof cards of the society. Messrs. Brooks, Itoldnson nod Co., of Elizabeth- street, have just turned out n creditable piece of workmanship in the shano of a splendidly Illuminated window for the nciv hall of tlio M.U. Independent Order of Oddfellows, Lnunceston. Tho symbols of tho order are painted in tlie centre In brilliant colors. They comprise the shield of the order, a cross of rich design, the hour-glass on a gules In the top sinister quartering; a bco-htvo on aznre ground in the lower sinister ; two eras. -keys in the tipper dexter quarter ing, nnd n lamb on the lower. An Inner escutcheon contains the rose, shamrock and thistle. Below the ahleld there Is the representation of a dove having an olive branch in Its beak, and scattered on tlio ground around It are fruit and lluwers, emblems of beauty and plenty. A hand, with a heart emblazoned upon it. Is also amongst the emblematic ornaments. The principal feature ot the window, however, com- Uts of three female figures grouped around the suspended ahleld. Friendship (or Charily), Love (.or Con-iancy) and Truth, and in the portrayal of theso- the artist appears to have put forth his best skill. Above all is a blue sky, and a slug's eye forming the centre of diverging reys of light, looks down. The window wilt he on view at Messrs. Brooks, Kubiusun anil Co.'s for a few days. 