PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. (FBOX OCB XBISOCKHX COBSBSPON>XM.)^- LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.. WEDIRESD IT. :-I6th OCTOBSB." The President took the chair at twenty-eigbt mimtes to five. Mr SABGOOI> asked Mr Cuthbert whether, the return relating' to the cost of drafting bills was ready. Mr CDTHBEKT said he bad heard nothing from the Attorney-General on the subject, but would communicate with him again. Mr LOSIBEB gave notice of hU intention to msve for a return of supernumeraries appointed to aHd discharged from the- Government Printing Office since May, 1877. " In reply to Mr Bosi, Mr CUTHBEBT said he was not aware whether the aystem continued of giving free railway passes to persons wishing to proceed up-country in search of work. — The .House went .into committee ou the bill to reform the Constitution of the Council. Mr SAHGOOD thought..that the general wish of the House yesterday w-os-that the bill should be proceeded with, and that" Mr Cuthbert should take charge of it. (Hear, hear.) He House, be believed, would thoroughly support "the hon. member if he took charge of the' bill, and if necessary he would move a motion to that effect. . - Mr AKDEESOK remarked that it was pretty well arranged yesterday that Mr Cuthbert should take charge of the bill. Mr CUTHBERT—I accept the position. (Bear, hear.) I think it is a pity that the bill should be lost. ^ Ail the important clauses have been fully deliberated upon by the ConncU x and very little remains to be done, as the clauses from 40 to the end simply provide means by which bribery is to be prevented at elections. We shall then have to go back to the postponed clauses, and, ao far as they are concerned, I shall ask hon. members to aaBist me as far as they can. I think, however, that the duty -devolving npon me will be very light, because I intend to substitute for these clauses some taken from Sir Charles Bladen's bill of last session. Xt would facilitate the passing of this bill if we take those clauses, as all the ,ma-, chineiy is there provided. As to making any alteration in the boundaries of provinces, Lhave no intention whatever of doing so. The remaining clauses, with the exception of those postponed, having been disposed of, Mr EEID moved the insertion of the following clauses:—A. Notwithstanding anything contaimed in the Constitution Act, it shall not be lawful for the Legislative Council to reject any annual Appropriation Bill, unless byany provision therein some important question" of policy is 'virtually determined. Brin the event of the Legislative Council rejecting any annual Appropriation or other Bill in which some important question of policy ia virtually determined, and-thereby rendering it necessary or expedient tor the responsible. Ministers of the Crown to advise a dissolution of the Legislative; Assembly,"* if the Governor shall think 'fit, to dissolve the said Assembly, he shall also at the same time dissolve , the Legislative Comical likewise, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Constitution Act. c.. If after such dissolution: the Legislative Assembly shall pass such rejected bill, antohe Legislative Council ahall not-pass the: same, the bill may be submitted to a joint meeting: of the members of both Houses, who shall ait and; vote together on a day or daya to -be .named by, a proclamation of tbe Governor. At iuch joint' meeting the bill may be altered,' rejected,; .or passed, and tbe decision of ahch meeting; shall be deemed to be the decision of tbe Legislative'Assembly and Legislative Council respec- ( lively and shall, be certified and authenticated accordingly.. s. The Legislative Council or Legislative Assembly may tram time to time make, standing rules and orders providing for the conduct and proceedings of the joint meeting. All such rules and orders shall become of force immediately they are concurred in by both Houses .and, approved by the Governor. He thought that if these clauses were added to the bill it would be carried in the Lower House, but that unless there was a provision for concurrent dissolutions there was not the ghost of a show of it passing in another plaoe. [Br ELECTKIC Telegraph.! \- -- Midnight. . After considerable discussion Mr Reid's second clause, which he submitted as a test, was negatived, and he withdrew the others. In die early part of tbe bill several -clauses were struck out, and others substituted from the bill or last session, to provide machinery.-for. carrying out the principle of half of the members retiring every three years. Other amendments were also made, "and prepress havingbeen reported, The Honse adjourned on til Thursday. 