[?] Afloat and Ashore* a Russo-australian novel.. 1 George Gordon Macrae, author of ' The Man *ith the Iron Mask,' &c.;, &c.; r-Rbt of publication in Australia has been purchased by tae proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter VII.— Down Chawet.. I huw ^ Spithead rapidly sinks from view; the 'itofritst*11 ^ ^ked ships of the line being razed M Jat»e8^n0**r0ni a,k°ve' M practice of the dock ferveninpini from below; the effect produced by an in. % ^T6en water more clearly demonstrate ^ earth than any of your black-board ' Agates proper appear to be waterlogged, to Hip l ° an^ being the only append cn&Uej.; ' ve8Sel- viable above the surface, while the j %-and-bye ^3 treaty . - yards, spars and shrouds, become nto oue j^oa!1 a *'ue '^t ? then they merge or melt file treeg ^P6*1 l&e; a dreamy row of ghostly tracklegg estremest confines of an enormous and '^SannecM *^^le8e continue to retire into indistinctness j ,or her to 8^ams ahead ; but new prospects open out ^patienr°^and.fomara* I Pl°ddlng ' lumber waggon ' from Paget ; thimirf. _ nm8wi°k slowly drags her dull length j spent ajM v ^ ^ P ^er msty sides as they fall ! B9narei dark, and much-patched i ^.*®fl]assban»i^j oes6®°^lleork! the idlers, sitting on ! visible booby hatch, being j ^^ed^oresail. arching foot-rope of the breeze- . ^ P?8* India liner, with her broad white ^fioto and moT i P01^, her newly tarred rigging mao-o -war fashion, tosses up the channel wave scornfully from her overhanging cut-water, or flings it aside in foam from either chess-tree. A . nobleman's vacht, with all her snowy fore-and-aft canvas flattened in literally, shears her way through the grey waves, which' thrash against her lean and satiny flanks, and reflect the fairly gilded scroll-work on her quarter, while merchantmen from all parts of the globe where there are ports.to shelter them, and dues to impoverish their owners, crowd in in a mingled and picturesque confu sion. Hulls of every mould and shape, masts of divers rig and sundry altitudes, sails of every shade and tint according to the light and the tack the ship may be on; sails of silver, sails ot tan, sails dull and dark as thunder-clouds, sails new, sails patchy, sails old, sails threadbare and almost transparent; scarlet bunting of almost every possible tone in the scale of colour, '.from the vivid cochineal, fresh from its square pigeon-hole in the signal locker, to the faded bricky red of the flag that has braved the sun for a season off the sand-heads on the Hooghly, or hung listlessly mastheaded for days together under a copper sky at Aden. Again the flag in which is found a picturesque admixture of the new with the old — a union -jack, with a faded red field generally, but vivid scarlet on the outer edge of the fly. These two shades of red, relieving famously against a rain-cloud in the fore-space of our marine prospect, act just as does the red cloak on the conventional old woman so common in the foregrounds of pictures of a bygone date. On the horizon, the blue ghosts of distant and as yet shapeless forms, far out, but not so far — white obelisks of canvas like lighthonses broken adrift and gone on a cruise. Nearer still the craft we have seen already, together with a pilot-cutter and a mackerel boat with sails of tan, and huge soft piles of nut-brown netting. A-starboard now lies the coast of Cornwall. Oginski makes out the Start, shortly after this the Land's End ; turns his Dollond in the direction of the Scillies ; then shutting it up with a snap and putting on the brass cap, he tucks it under his arm and resumes his regular tramp, as the Barmecide, now fairly clear of the land, begins to feel her way out into the broad Atlantic. Soon his Imperial Majesty's ship is well clear of England, and thence, skirting the outermost and least turbulent portion of the Bay of Biscay, she passes abreast, but clean out of sight of Ushant : now making a I good offing, she begins to steady herself under a topsail suit as she shuts off steam and leaves a long and billowy succes sion of ground- swell rollers astern. She is not yet fated, however, to ' Sail with the gale From the Bay of Biscay O ! ' as the song as it, for a distinguished ward-room guest, a certain Captain Dalgourouki, who has a passage as far as Rio, is amusing himself with an extempore climb in the main topgallant rigging. He is shortly seen to descend warily— pausing, and holding on now and then, and lying flat against the shrouds, as the Barmecide lurches and fetches in the roll of the heavy sea. Captain Dalgourouki is soon on the hammock- nettings, from which position to the quarter-deck is not more than a good jump. ' 'Who is the officer in charge of the deck ? ' cries Captain Dalgourouki, with a semi- important for mality. ' I, sir, ' replies Lieutenant Oginski from the bridge, with two fingers to his cap-peak. ' Have you noticed any appearance of a sail or vessel, Mr. Oginski, since you saw me mount the main-rigging a while ago ? ' No, captain, nothing whatever, but here is my Dollond very much at your service. South-west and by west, about eight leagues hence, as I calculate, there is a dismasted vessel wallowing in the long ground-swell. Of course, one cannot make out a small and low-lying object at such a distance, either from the deck or from the bridge ; but I will just run below and report the matter to Captain Platoff.' A minute or two afterwards , the uniform cap and hand some figure-head and moustaches of Captain Platoff rise above the top of the little companion-ladder, under the mizzen-boom, end just forward of the grated top of the screw-well. An enseigne in a tightly buttoned frock, and cap in hand, is running away forward, at a hop, skip, and jump, with a message to bring the master; which functionary comes at once striding along the slippery deck and balancing as he strides. Captain Platoff and Mr. Vasilievitch confer for a few seconds. We see Mr. Apraxine, the boatswain, standing by the main bitts with his feet well apart, his manly brown chest bare and thrown out, while he glances aloft in a fatherly way at his running gear and tackles. 'We hear the words ' Stations ! ' and ' Ready !' and directly after, with man-o'- war accuracy and celerity, every man is at his post and stands expectant. ' Wear ship,' and round she goes without making a stem board, and minus the noise, jabber, and singing accom panying a similar evolution in the merchant navy. Mr. Apraxine waits till all the ropes' ends are neatly coiled away ; trills most melodiously, like a sea sky-lark as he is, on liis silver whistle, and pipes the hands down again. The object of our search appears for a moment hovering in the sea mist between the plunging foreyard and the rapidly mounting mass of green billow — appears and is lost again amid the rocking and tossing gear of the bowsprit as the wind howls and whistles through the cordage. Next time she is sighted she is more apparent, and as the gale freshens, the Barmecide begins to reduce the distance pei - ceptibly. She sways her mainyard aback and lies- to, plung ing wildly by the head as she begins to lose way. The waves here are peculiar both in colour and in contour ; so far as the latter is concerned, they remind one more of monotonous ranges of bleak, treeless hills, than of ordinary billows. The general tone is a deep dark bottle-green ; there is no real crest to the wave, but a sort of network of a pure creamy foam, blown out into curved loops, traverses its entire sur face ; the whole very similar in appearance to what one may observe on a big round green flint-stone broken out suddenly from the depths of a Kentish chalk-pit. On the summit of such a green and watery mountain a little brig is poised — poised indeed, but not gaily or airily: there is no life in her— poor little craft ! and not much of buoyancy either, for she is waterlogged ; nevertheless, she forms a picturesque addition to the scone, and presents some few bright and salient points that relieve the general monotony of the picture. She is painted generally black, but wears a girdle or riband of white, picked out with false ports. Her bulwarks are lined with a not unpleasant green, which harmonizes well with the blacker green of the surrounding waves. Her figure-head is a complete bust of a Roman Emperor, — the bow crowned with triumphant laurels and all richly gilt. The main mast has been cut away about two feet clear of the deck, and the foremast has gone by the board. The jibboom is carried away about a foot outside the cap, and from the head of the dishevelled and now half-unclothed bowsprit hangs the foretop mast staysail, or its remains, dipping its triangle of spray-soaked canvas as the vessel rises and falls with the regular rhythm of the sea. The vessel is not a derelict, but fully manned, and her people crowd and cluster like bees on the forecastle rail, and some are even out on the bowsprit head, contemplating the Barmecide, as she bows and curtsies — implied compliments in a gigantesque but dignified style. Lashed to the stump of the little brig's mainmast is a tall pole of yellow pine, in vested with temporary halliards, and doing duty as an ensign staff ; on this is now displayed the Austrian tricolor, which flaps and flutters into endless undulations, and tugs, in a brave but futile struggle, to get away from its lower becket. Our frigate hoists a small storm-ensign at the peak ; the white field whereof, with the St. Andrew's cross, being likened by some one to a square patch of moon seen behind the blue crossbars of a skylight. The scene is pic turesque, and paintable in the extreme, so at least thought and said Oginski's friend Dr. Ismyloff as he gripped the handrail of the poop ladder to steady himself. It was truly, as the surgeon remarked, extremely paintable — the long mountainous roll of the waves netted all over with loops of frothy foam ; the cold wind- scared marestail sky ; the two vessels rolling and pitching in close proximity, but in marked contrast in regard to size and condition — the one grand, warlike, and grim in her absolute completeness, the other beautifully picturesque, for the very misfortune which had disabled her lent a touch of art to her lines and shadows far beyond the reach of expertness such as Dr. IsmylofFs to describe. There was a subtle harmony between the forest-green of the little brig's internal band of colour and the flinty green of the sea— between her snowy cinc ture, stained about the hawse and channel plates with red rust, and the pale greenish white of the foam below. There was a grand contrast between the varnished spars of yellow pine and the deep glossy green of the wave. All this, and more than one has space to record, are well brought^ out, clean and sharp, in an atmosphere pure, free, and invigor ating, innocent utterly of dust and coal smoke. But as an aid to memory it is indispensable speak of sounds as associ ated with the' scene. The music of the gale in the shrouds and backstays ; the crash of the billow breaking in its career against the swelling bosom of the frigate, and carried away aft with a rush and a sough like that of a gale sweep ing through a northern pine forest ; the basket-like creak of the vessel's frame and fittings ; the mournfully com plaining groan of booms and trusses, here and there en livened by the fluty voices of two young laughing ' aspi rants' or midshipmen, which sounded scarcely human— so beautiful is the young voice of humanity when it finds a place in the grand concert of the elements. Nor should we omit the skidulous croak of a great grey gull which sails ' wings on edge against the wind,' and, with its soft snowy head inclining to one side, takes in the situa tion with its bright and intelligent eye in passing between the two vessels. The Barmecide maintains the position she has taken up very fairly, but the brig, now quite at the mercy of wind and wave, drifts somewhat closer towards the frigate ; at last she is quite within hail, astern a little, and slightly to port. Captain Platoff, snatching the big copper speaking trumpet from its slings in the companion staircase, mounts the taffrail, and, with due regard to the Austrian tricolor of black and red and gold, shouts forth his queries in clear, distinct, and scholarly German. He is Stentor — but more than Stentor — for there is music amid the strcpitus. ' Trieste, Eccelen/a ! ' cries a hoarse thin voice, much below its usual register, from shouting and short-commons. A pause. ' Ah ! Austrian-Italy,' exclaims Captain Platoff, slapping his forehead. ' Here ! you, ' doctor, here's a chance for you to air your choice Italian in a double-reef topsail breeze.' The doctor is a middle- sized, olive-complcxinned gentle man, with a bullet head, and closely croppci stiff black hair. _ He has been hitherto standing behind the captain in an easy attitude, with both his hands in his trousers pockets, and balancing himself in the great fore and-aft see-saw of the deck planking. His dark little beady eyes gleam and brighten at the implied compliment, and his small and delicately curved black moustache curls and completes the smile of satisfaction on his cleanly-cut lips. He adjusts the trumpet to his mouth, and declaims in right Italian, and with musical flourishes, 'as to the manner born.' The vessel is the Piccolo Joachim — so he translates into Russian in the pauses between the Italian sentences— ' From Trieste bound to Dublin with breadstuffs ; water logged ; decks burst up from swelled grain ; dismasted three days ago off Bayonne ; passed by many vessels ; no help ; noliveslost; hands 13, all told. Will you heave us a rope 'r' Then the doctor (prompted by the Barmecide autocrat Platoff), 'No, by no means; but stand by, and we will send you a couple of boats.' All this mutually passes from trumpet to ear on either side between the vessels. The side is piped by Mr. Apraxine, in one of those endless melodious and weird-like trills possible only to a bird or a man-o'-war boatswain. There is a hollow sound of the trampling of big honest bare feet, as the men roll up aft, and we hear the cry, ' First and second cutters, away ! ' Standing erect in either of the long white boats is an officer and a man, each holding on to the davit-tackles, keeping them clear, and guiding every thing smoothly during the descent, while the tense ropes roll through the blocks with a purring sound. The little fairy bean-shells (they scarcely look more) kiss the water and ship just a little under shelter of the Barmecide's quarter ; their crew swarm down the davit-tackles so soon as the boats are clear, and everything is done evenly and in order, even to the hooking together of the tackle -blocks, as they cast them loose. They shove off, the oars are shipped simultaneously, and men begin to 'give way'' heavily and with some little effort at first — for it is a high wind, and there is a big sea running ; the water flies hissing off the oar-blades as they all ' feather ' together to the music of the rollocks, the round heads and big manly shoulders all bending in concert, and the white-capped officers steering work the yoke-ropes as if they were a part of their own nervous systems. Soul being thus thoroughly infused into the beats, we begin to regard them from a point of view altogether sailorlike and poetic, as sentient beings. Then, it is not Mr. Wenceslas and the crew of the second cutter, but the second cutter herself that is leading, and the first, as of a supreme personal effort of her own, is doing hor best to keep up with her. Ah ! to us, these are really the ' things of life ' that the poet sings of, and there are these twointelligentcrcatures now tossing and tumbling in the roll and welter of the green seas, under the main chains of the Joachim, and waiting to perform their part in the deed of rescue. The man at the wheel aboard the Barmecide stands firm, like a stolid Livonian as he is ; yet can he not help now and then casting his eye sternwards over his big blue collar to take in somewhat of the scene ; but for the most part, ' faithful to his salt,' he scans his canvas eerily, and keeps a keen eye aloft and a firm hand on the spokes, as h rolls his quid over into his windward cheek-pouch. There is much gurgle and waste of green water under his broad bare feet in the rudder-case, rattle of chains, and the occasional creak of a pintle against its gudgeon. Behind him, at the end of tne long lean of the deck, the group of officers mount and descend, with a pretty equable sort of motion. The circumstances are all moderately favourable. We have seen the hands of the brig watching their time, tumble from the side of the vessel, like so many black ants on a sugar quest right through the air into the cutters below. Landsmen would have stove them in, but Jack (of all nations) knows the ropes, and acts on the hint of the moment. The bow-men are employed with their boat-hook6 in fending off ; the oars are shipped again, and the cutters are just in the act of giving way, when the poor little Italian capitano, brown, weather-beaten, and half famished-looking, emerges from behind the rail, mounts the bowsprit head, and, with his green japanned tin box of papers slung about his neck, the last man to leave his ship, takes a flying 'header' into the Bay of Biscay. A sturdy sea dog of the right Genoese breed, whose direct ancestor might have possibly been one of the favourite 'pilots' of Christopher Colon. He strikes out bravely for the second cutter, which is the least crowded of the two, and is hauled in dripping like a Newfoundland. He has his eyes soundly anathematized in Russian for not coming with the rest ; but the brave man, though sadly knocked about, is good-humoured and kindly, and he goes through a few phrases of the universal language of pantomine, and with a grace which is wholly Italian, all grateful, and entirely pathetic. There he, the man of the most considera tion in the saved ship's company, is content to squat humbly, doubled up on the floor of the boat, and shifting his gaze at intervals from his poor lost little Joachim to his big and burly Muscovite protector. His kind brown eyes run over somewhat. Bless his old lee scuppers ! Is it spray from the sea, or what ? At all events he has a full heart and a wet jacket to- day, as who has not? In another minute the boats are tossing under the tall black wooden walls of the Barmecide. Looking up, he sees the grinning gun- muzzles, all plugged with brazen-starred tompions ; a long row of little circular brass-bound window ports ; the channels studded with enormous dead- eyes, to which the grand and widely-spreading shrouds come strad dling down, sewed over with all kinds of nautical em broidery and tarry fancy-work; above these the ham mock nettings; and through the upper deck ports he gains a glimpse of blue and gold, of the glitter of arms — and is conscious of the glances, kind ana curious, cast by the officers above on the occupantsof the boats below. Par above all, he is impressed by the seemingly gigantic spread of the frigate's black yards and snowy topsails. Coming from the poor little abandoned brig, which for him had always had something homely and kindly in her ex ternal aspect even, to this grand Imperial floating castle, he felt that his gratitude merged in shamefacedness. In short, he was half sorry to find himself a gun-room guest. He had far rather have been forward with his men. There was, however, one grand attraction and consolation aft. Dr. Ismyloff could be as Italian as an Italian born. To return to the newly rescued crew — there was much work for the cook, and some little work for the doctor, ere they could be looked on as progressing favourably. A few bad contusions and abrasions to be dressed, and one broken limb to be set, was all that Dr. Ismylofi and his assistant had to see to ; that is, if we except the picking out of grains of exploded powder from the faces and hands of a number of these poor creatures, who had been burning damp or wetted powder on decjc by night, to attract passing sails. The last-mentioned surgical operation was, in many cases, not only possible, but successful ; but some (afterwards named by the loblolly boy, 'the company of blue devils') had to submit to figure each like an ancient Briton in his woad. * Chapter VIII.— Porto Praya. Our ship, now clear of the ground-swell, advances hourly and steadily into bluer .water, with an increasing spread of canvas, and under an hourly improving sky. The little Joachim, which had almost entirely ceased to be an object of interest from the moment her people had been taken off, |began to settle aft. Up went her round, full bosomed bows in the air, and, with a sort of shudder through her frame, she heeled over to starboaard, and ranlr stern foremost. It was noticed by the only two men who witnessed the catastrophe of this little nautical drum*, that she went down almost silently. There was no fierce explo sion of confined air, so common in cases of foundering, nothing beyond a gurgle — an insignificant whirlpool, with an open vortex round which spun spirals of bursting bubbles of foam, and amid these, boxes, empty bottles, and straw. This bore out completely what her captain had said with regard to her decks having been burst up by the swelling of the grain cargo. ' It seems to me,' said Mr. Wenceslas (the second lieu tenant). ' that this little adventure is fated to bring about a change in our programme. As originally laid out, we had to drop Captain Dalgorouki at Rio, fill our water-casks, and pass on to the Straits of Magellan, and so on ; but I don't % mind now laying my German guitar that you fancy so much, Oginski, against your big new musical box, which I covet, that Captain Platoff is soon rousing, bitting, and shackling the stream cable, and sending for the cooper into [ the bargain. ' What are we to do'with these thirteen macaroni -eaters ? Every league we take the poor devils westward is a league farther out of their couree.' ' Well, my dear fellow, though I confess I should like to win the guitar, I won't bet. I look upon it as a certainty that we are now heading up for the Verds. We shall most likely land the ' Joachims ' at Porto Praya in St. Jago ma #: few days' time.' ' So soon ! Well, I do hope we shall not let go our mud hook there until I have had a few more lessons in ' har monics ' and ' double stopping ' from Master Francesco. He is up to every imaginable dodge on the guitar, and more than the doctor's match every way. Francesco by rights ought to have been an Andalusian.' ****** Mr. Wenceslas and Francesco are performing a sort of guitar duetin ^Mr. 'Wenceslas's snug little cabin in the wing. Dr. Ismyloff lies extended.on Wenceslas' s narrow little bed smoking a papiroski ; his eyes are half closed, and his features, in a dreamy Btate or repose, indicate a profound satisfaction, for the music and the tobacco are both of the best. There are no rounds to be gone for some time to come ; it is Wenceslas's watch below, and Francesco is an invited guest. Meanwhile as they sine, and play, and dream, Mr. Oginski overhead, and separated from them only by a deck and sundry iron stanchions, marches along the bridge with his Dollond under his arm. The Barmecide is under all plain sail, which is drawing fairly, though the progress made is nothing at all remark able. From the bridge suppose we look over Oginski's shoulder-trap, and in line with the foreroyal-most back stay on the starboard side, this is what we see : — A red rusty looking rock rising from the sea. It is apparently a moun tain which has taken it into its head to become an island. The peak is overhung by a thick stratum of white cloud, similar to the well-lmown ' table-cloth ' on the Table Mountain at the Cape of Good Hope. Bluish wreathB of mist partially obscure the ravines and gullies that deeply wrinkle this most volcanic-looking isle. Steadily and deliberately the frigate works inward ; the mists lift as if by magic ; vineyards and groves of banana, stretching in green belts across the mountain, delight the eye with their coolness, while a fringe of cocos, with their roots literally in the sea, toss their feathery branches in the breeze. At the foot of the mountain lies the little town, with a few flags displayed over the principal buildings. There is no extra noiseor confusion, but Mr. Apraxine's whistle is going pretty constantly, and we have the flying jib let go, the three fluttering topgallant sails clewed up at once, and tho spanker hanging the brails, as the Barmecide still slides inward, and under the shadow of a tall square-headed red cliff whereon, at the top, are mounted three honeycombed guns and a solitary ensign staff. On she glides, silent, stately, and with aU the proud amour propre of a fighting ship. Soon there is a most metallic ring given forth from the chain-lockers, and without a word to explain it to a stranger, there is suddenly set up a low rumbling and rattling sound, not unattended by tremor under foot. This lasts a few seconds. The shore becomes more visible in proportion as the masts become more bare ; the topsails are all now on the caps; the courses clewed up; jib and staysail halliards let go, and the rigging alive with men, Russian and Italian alike, all anxious to be out on the yards to stow sail. In five minutes' time Mr. Apraxine pipes down, and there is not the vestige of a rag anywhere— the .tall masts, the widely extended yard arms, the vast network of ropes and rigging, are now all clearly mapped out against the battery rock, as if traced with a graving tool of steel, and filled in with a good serviceable black. In short, we are at anchor in Porto Praya roads. The prospect grows upon us, and the mora we see of it, the less inhospitable it appears. We make out farms and vineyards, orange groves, and bosky thickets, and are specially delighted when some one points out a silver thread of water issuing at a leap from among the rocks, and wavering in the air. The frigate's cable is well taut now, and she swings round head to tide, in a position parallel to that taken up by the six other vessels that shelter here, and which we now begin to observe in earnest. To our left is an American 18-gun brig, just arrived from the slave coast on ajcruise ; she has taken up her berth off some low-lying blacft and treacherous - looking rocks, where once an English vessel called the ' Red Rover ' was cast away. Between her and ourselves is a genuine English passenger ship bound for Australia, and literally swarming with passengers. Nearer to shore than any of these is a long low rakish-looking schooner yacht, flying an English Royal Yacht Club ensign. To starboard of U6 lie two Indiamen, well-nigh as imposing as bona-fide frigates, and outside them again is a Fren-h barque from Guayra, in Central America ; everything about her seems delicate and elegant, and great bunches of palm leaves hang over her quarter boats drying in the sun. 1 he afternoon sun, as it sinks slowly into the sea, lights up rhe island promontory in the most magnificent manner possible, and while all the gorgeousness of the sunset is reflected in heaving waves of liquid gold and laperlazuli, wc find ourselves surrounded by canoes manned by negroes, and piled with cargoes of oranges, cocoanuts, and bananas, palm-leaf baskets of eggs, fowls, fish, joints of sugar-cane, &c.; Some of the negroes came on deck, and a brisk trade is given, but as the sun dips, bang goes our evening gun, the watch is set, St. Andrew s cross is hauled.down, and our first visitors take their first departure. Chapter IX. — Mouravieff, Next morning after breakfast Mr. Spiridion, the first lieutenant, is sent ashore in the captain's gig to make arrangements about the courtesy of salutos. We can see slap through the honeycombed breeches of the three big; guns as we sweep the brow of the red bluff with our telescopes. Hence this expedition. Mr. Spiridion having returned and reported himself, we go to quarters gaily and thunder forth our compliments to the flag of Portugal with the appropriate number of guns. This is replied to ere the echoes of our own cannonade have died away among the rocks, or the blue smoke fully dispersed in air ; but the reply, instead of coming from the battery, is made from some - Sieces posted in the^plaza in front of a white double-balconied ouse with jalousies. This lies well to the left of the battery and the landing-place, is surmounted by a flagstaff, ana quite within, the limits of the town. Soon the barge's crew is piped away, and Captains Platoff and Dolgorouki, with Lieutenants Spiridion and Wenceslas, also Lieutenant Krilaf of the Marine Artillery, and Dr. Ismyloff, pull ashore in their grandest costume, and wearing the heaviest epaulettes they possess on a state visit to the Governor. Oginski, by no means ill-pleased at being left in charge, walks the quarter-deck in sole command of the Barmecide. There is nothing beyond the mere everyday routine to be carried out, and he indulges in admiration of the landscape and in reverie — reverie deep and delicious, only broken at intervals by the ship's bell. This is a per fect waking dream in' the sunshine, such as the Lazzaroni at Naples indulge in after their^own fashion. Closing his eyes, he finds himself back again in St. Petersburg. There he sees Natalie, her brave father, the once dreaded and detested vanovitch and the good old Waddington. He opens his * eyes. This perfuiue that is wafted to him is redolent of orange groves, and there they lie in the slope of yonder valley. There, ankle-deep in the wave, close to the landing place, standing like veritable Nereids, the cocob fling their green tresses to the breeze. The ships that companion the Barmecide in these blue waters remind him of his actual whereabouts ; so does the coppery red cliff, with its ruinous . battery overhead. In short, in the twinkling of an eye, he has been transported from the delta of the Neva to an African isle in the Atlantic. In a similar period of time (tradition has it so) Mahomet dreamed of a space of seven teen years, during which he himself was twice married. Orgiimki's dream was of a far briefer space, and in it he -only speculated whether he should ever be married at all, and emerged from his corner of dreamland still wondering. He is joined by the assistant -surgeon, a pleasant young man with his tongue hung rather loose, and Oginski, who .does not feel by any means unsociable, soon joins in con versation. ' There went a good deal of the pride, pomp, and circum stance of glorious war a^liore in the barge,' quoth Oginski. ' You might have been well up in the service . Moumviefi', hrd you only stuck to it, und an executive officer too, into tn'p bargain.1' ' Oh ! bother the executive part of the business. I'm *ir just as happy as I am. Why, you yourself, with all your science and experience, are a civil officer just as much as the paymaster, or the engineer, or the doctor. It's a shame, though I think that you ' navigators ' shouldn't belong to the combiifcint side of the ship.' ' Ah ! I'll be combatant svon enough. After this cruise I mean to apply to be taken on boaid the Feodorowna to practise a pass in gunnery, and if I pull safely through I shall begin to seek distinction and a staff appointment. — But what was it set you off at a tangent from Neptune to ilisculnpius ' Well ! I can scarcely tell you anything further than that I was beginning to hate the navy. You know I was always fond of my ease ; watches, boat-service, duty aloft, drill.' 1 detested : envying the paymaster, the doctor, and . the engineer, 1 balanced between laziness and inclination. The engineer's branch wanted too much study, the pay master's too much arithmetic, but as I was* well up in classics, and saw that the surgeon's work was but casual and his ordinuiy duty of the merest routine character, 1 decided in favour of physic. Now, if I only follow it up, I have a clear road open before me to the top of my profes sion, a post-captain's epaulette (.only in silver), and medical charge of a dockyard or hospital. Out upon your regular navy service ! 'tis too formal — too cut-aud-dry for me — too little time — too little personal free dom. No* Bohemianism about it. You must perform automatically all the mechanical duties devolving upon you ; your clothes must be of a prescribed cut and material ; you rise, feed, smoke, drink, and go to bod, all by regula tion. This is why I was disgusted with it. It seemed, in short, like J.a Tra'ppe in lace and buttons — duty and death in all directions, liquor at a premium, and a pretty girl's face a perfect ' collynum ' or panacea for sore eyes. Look again, a few grades beneath us, and how does it strike a non-professional eye ? The everlasting subservience to rank . and the martinetry of the service : the everlasting oil-rag and whitewash -brush, to say nothing of tar-pot, paint- pot, and slush -bucket ; sent to bed, whether they like it or not, and roused again at uncertain hours in the night when they decidedly don't like it. All this reminds one of the corri dors of the prisons and penitentiaries, to say nought of asylums and monasteries.' ' I think you do right to be a doctor,' said Oginski, ' if you detect only one grain of enthusiasm for medicine in jolt composition. It is long since I abandoned the idea that navy life was compounded of brass buttons, unlimited grey, ana sailor's hornpipe ; but, nevertheless, I find much to admire and be thankful for still ; you shouldn't forget the high lights in the picture. Assuredly, in order to cast the shadows you have so strongly portrayed it is necessary that there should be a very powerful light, on one side of the features. There is the sea, in all its changeful moods and aspects ; the sky, unutterably beautiful in its magnificence. The externals, the arms, costume, and parade of our naval life are by no means contemptible ; and if you have a sore heart sometimes, watch the abandon of Jack's dances, and hark to the lively flourishes of his music, and the old-fashioned pathos of his quaint sea-ditties. The sea may appear a . bard stepmother at first, but if you only take to her kindly you won't find her an unjust one in the end.' Thus Oginski winds up a brief defence of the navy, and as lie doeB so, the two long white boats from the shore, with the St. Andrew's crosses dipping in the blue water ' astern, approach the Barmecide on their return. The side is manned, and the two captains and other officers enter at the gangway port, resplendent with orders, and perfectly radiant as their lace and epaulettes flash in the afternoon sun. Arms are ''carried,'' there is a ruffle on the drum as they clatter into their state-rooms with the 'shoes' of their swords clanking on the decks. Chaptee X. — The Dinner at the Governor's. There is quite a flutter in the little society on board. , His Excellency Doin Miguel Xavier de Ribeira, Governor in-chief of the Cape Vera Islands, has invited the captain and officers of me Barmecide (and Captain- D^lgorouki of the Smolcnsko) to dine at Bom Retiro in the hills on Sunday. ' : * * * * * * Sunday has arrived, and a note of preparation is sounded . throughout the ship. Duty, which of course is paramount, requires that a certain number should remain on board. These envy their comrades upon whom the happier lot has fallen, each after his own bent. Some take it quite stolidly, ? and as a matter of course, that they should stay by the ship — retrmgue fortuna parati — these gentlemen will be equally ready to come to to the front, whether it be to spike a gun or to stick a fork into a turkey, but these are your elderly officers. Some of the youngsters exhibit, both by word and look, a jealousy that is almost feminine, but they soon for . get the disappointment, and watch the Adonising process going on in the range of cabins in the wing. ' Downright shame, too ! and why should I be left out in the cold ? But never mind — it will be my turn at Rio, and there we shall dine with a real live Emperor instead of the Sancho Panza of a Barataria-like Santiago.' This remark is made by Mouraviefi to Oginski, who is . standing in his cabin arrayed simply in shirt and trousers, ai|d engaged in brushing ofi some imaginary dust from the gold-embroidered collar of his coat. ' All right ! most meet and noble guest for an emperor,' \ cries Oginski. 'But come! give us a lift on with this go ' ashore-toggery and Mouraviefi a really goodnatured soul, forgetting his own grievance, which he is much too lazy to cherish, holds the full-dresB coat bv the shoulders and collar while Oginski wriggles into it. ' Now, old fellow, just two turns to the button screw of this starboard shoulder-glory, and I am complete.' * ' Thanks. I shall recommend you ashore as a perfect gentleman' s companion. ' ' ' By Jove ! what a grand toasting-fork,' cries Moura viefi, as he detacher the silver paper from the hilt of a splendid new regulation sword. ' Well ! we are grand to . day. .You ought to be a Japanese Daimio — one of the two ; sworded men, you know. As for me, I have only one cut . and-thrust on the face of the earth, or rather of the waters, and the hilt and mountings of that respectable old weapon begin to look decidedly brassy.' ' And I shouldn't have tins extra one, my dear Moura viefi, but for the generosity of an Englishman — the Mr. 'Waddington you have often heard me talk about. It. was he that sent this ofi to me in a neat parcel while the ship lay ofi Cronstadt ; there was a little note attached, in which he hoped ; I would wear it for his sake, and that the day might never come in which I should have to draw it against his ' Old , Xngland.' ' So far to show what is going on in the ' wings.' Now, a ! few murates after, Mouraviefi, with a double-barrelled glass dapped to Jiis eyes, and his fat white fingers playing with the screw, watches the barge as she flies in shore under the shadow of the bluff. The eight picked oarsmen are all in ? heir white tropical frocks, with broad blue falling collars, their broadest and handsomest straw hats, and wearing the biggest black'silk neckerchiefs they possess ; nobly the white barge spins along, aquadrantal jet of liquid diamond drops being continually projected from the cut-water while shoulders her way energetically through the glassy vave like a champion swimmer. The fly of the white ensign occasionallyTdips and trails in the effervescing water in her wake j but when a puff of air comes ^and lifts it abeam, and thp cross once more outspreads its werulean arms, then Mouraviefi, amid the little ?forest of full-dross cocked hats in the stern-sheets, makes out Ogia^ki's little plain one with its simple gold loop and cockade, also the new and blazing sword-hilt upon which his crossed hands reposed, ' Lucky beggar !' sighed the little doctor. ' There he goes ashore guitarring and gambolling among the scnoritas, while his cabin and all that he has, the lovely brunette in the golden oval included, are in my protection. What a fine subject for a tableau ! Were I an artist and a French - man, I would get it up forthwith and send it to the Luxem bourg as ? ./Eeculapius guarding the Trident of Poseidon.' Now, of all the men designed by nature (that is, if nature has any ' say ' in the navy) for gala days, surely the doctor is the chiefest ; and if the principal doctor, I think the assistant ought to be good in his way also. Nothing will happen to-day in my line, to keep my hand in, I an* sure of that ; but 1 am equally sure that, were I to steal away quietly to some shy posada ashore, calmly to enjoy a little aquardiente, a mild cabana and a flirt with the land lady, ten to one but some infernal scoundrel would fail from aloft, or jam his toes in a carronade slide just for spite. Turn and turn-about is fair play. I shall — I will — I must have a scramble over that mountain-side before we top our boom again.' ****** The barge's oars arc up-ended, and she glides in of her own impetus towards the rocky landing-place where his Excellency's aide and two or three other gentlemen await her. The water shoals rapidly, and two of the boys jumping out gaily into the sea at little less than knee deep, steady her gunnel as the passing keel bumps and grates upon the rounded and water-worn stone. There is a beach at a short distance, but here we have only a pile of grey and brown stones, like a piece of half-finished and ruined rock- work in a garden. fL'here are two soft silvery loops of sand behind , with cocoa-trees, and here on the rude and and rocky steps stands a sentinel in a cacadore uniform with a rusty musket | of an antique pattern, garnished with a flint lock ; his feet are innocent of boot leather, and his belts and accoutrements of blacking. He presents arms as the party lands, with great fervour and hand-slapping, and afterwards 'orders' his wretched old piece with a thump on the coral-crusted rock sufficient to ruin the tumbler of any decent lock in Christendom. This fellow respects the Czar's cloth and buttons, but the officers are intensely amused, while looking back, to see their black baboon of a sentry demanding an obolus for Belisa rius with his rusty bayonet down at the charge. This time the pointed appeal is directed to the breast of a merchant sailor, who tumbles, sentry, musket, and all, into thejwater. ' I don't envy the sovereign of that common sailor man,' laughed Dr. Itmyloff, ' if this act of his subject means an insult to the flag of Portugal.' _ While the doctor is contemplating possibilities, the sentry picks himself and his musket out of the water, and the party of officers disappear amid the windings of the mountain path. A long, and what to people just from the 'tween decks of a frigate, seems a lofty room, which is hung with a few good pictures in heavy frames. The ceiling is of wood coved, and the windows (protected by jalousies) open out upon a court-yard hedged about with acacias and tamarinds. There is a long state table running nearly the full length of the apartment. There is a grand and brilliant buffet at one end against the wall, and three or four side-tables set against the wall next the court. All these are handsomely laid and appointed, there is a handsome display of plate, and in honour of the Russian guests, also of flowers, both in the epergnes and in silver vases besides. In the adjoining ante-room the band of the frigate discourses the choicest music, and the attendants, all save the major-domo and the butler, are negroes in snowy muslin jackets and trousers, who flit about noiselessl like bats. At the head of the table sits the Governor, oddly enough realising MouraviefFs fanciful and prophetic description — a veritable Sancho — short, close-cropped, and bronzed, and who adds to his preter natural air of sagacity by occasionally and thoughtfully slapping the Bide of his nose with his fore finger. Especially does ho go through this little perform ance when he considers or reflects, when he lays his finger on pausingly and with tenderness. But when he makes a discovery he puts on the wisest look in his collection, and as his face' beams all over with amour propre he flicks his nose smartly and cries, 'There now! Don't you eeei' &c.; All this is very like Sancho, perhaps as like Sancho as Santiago is like Rarataria. Moreover, his Excellency inclines (as some one politely puts it) to embonpoint , and the richly embroidered uniform that he wears groans at all its seams, and the tense buttonholes drag the poor buttons cruelly by the neck. He wears a little ' Tower and Sword' in gems on his left breast, also a long-service silver medal with a claret-coloured riband, and has, besides all these, what one of the mids described as an assortment of rope's-ends and marline-spikes hitched up to his larboard swab. ' His great crimson sash is more like a bandage that _ ought else that one can compare it to ; and Dr. Ismyloff, with his keen, clear glass stuck in his most critical eye, smiles general approval of the mode of application. Major- General Dom Miguel Xavier de Ribeira presided pleasantly at the head of his own table; under all his portentous sagacity lurked the unconscious roguery and drollery of the Portuguese — a capital Amphitryon, full of bonhomie, and one that set an excellent example as a trencher man. French was by common consent the language of the occasion, and if the Governor's French was a little harsh or delivered with a Lusitanian accent, it was still very correct. Dona Manuela de Ribeira, his Excellcncy's wife, sat, according to the custom of the country, on her husband's left, thus filling up the end of the table. She was sup Eorted on her left by Captain Dalgorouki, as was her usband on the right by Captain Platoff, the guest of the day. She was a dark-eyed, raven-haired lady of really aristocratic appearance ; her complexion about the colour of new bronze, but with a veritable vermilion shining through it Jon cheeks and lips. ' Charmingly and simply attired, affable and conversational in the extreme, it was impossible to think of her but as the Queen of the Feast ; and her teeth and her smile might have been bitterly envied by any actual majesty in the world. Our Barmecides were placed here and there at intervals in judicious juxtaposition to the ladies of the family and island, and to sundry invited guests from the harbour. Oginski has had the honour of escorting Dona Manuela's beautiful visitor _ and friend, Mdlle. Dubourg, from the reception-room into dinner, and, as he sat next to her at that long table there behind a .huge silver epergne of fruit and flowers, the young lieutenant felt a premonition of something indefinable. He cannot tell, even at the present day, what it was that affected him so ; but the parallel he used in attempting to describe it is sufficiently striking to be placed on record, and will give a fair general idea of his feelings. ' Picture to yourself,' said he, ' a night at the opera, or better still, a 'representation of the melodrama, where the leader of the orchestra on his own single violin executes a rapid and complicated passage _ on the muffled strings. Taken as pure music, perhaps it is nothing ; as instrumentation, a trick and little more ; but therein there often lurks a subtle suggestion of tragedy to follow ; 'tis like the fi^st lazy premonitory movement of the hot air which precedes a hurricane. There is a world in it. * * * * * * In that girl's individual voice I recognised the accents of Natalie; every pose and attitude spoke of her; the language of the hands was unmistakably hers ; and in that aspect in which the head of a beautiful woman is doubly beautiful, seen, I mean, almost on edge with the ear and the curl repos ing upon the back of the neck nearest you, she was more like Natalie than ever— like, but not a portrait-likeness ; perhaps it was air, manner, nationality. Insensibly I forgot the situation and lapsed into silence. She Tallied me on my supposed absence of mind, fancying that my soul had taken a flight to St. Petersburg; but when she pronounced that name * St. Petersburg,' I never felt, nearer to St. Petersburg in all my days. Itwas absolutely electric. I could have sworn, had my 'eyes been closed, that I was sitting beside Natalie at one of her father's entertain ments.' . Amid a lot of new and pleasant faces, in an atmosphere redolent of good wine and the blended odours of orange, hnnanaj and pine, while glasses glittered and a merry buzz of conversation went round, Oginski sate like one in a dream, playing, nevertheless, at peeling an orange that lay on his plate. I am not,' said he. breaking silence after a few minutes, ' one of the superstitious, but I do feel, mademoiselle, as if something were about to happen.' ' Ah ! nothing unpleasant, 1 trust,' rejoined she, with a smile almost sympathetic. ' No, -nothing that I can describe at this moment, but ?just now something ? ? - ' 'Oh ! Monsieur, just the filling of a blank— nothing I more. This is a change of existence for you, after your sea life. One moment follows another just as one wave takes the place of that which is spent. It is thus in nature, in society, in everything, all the world over.' ' Yes ! ' interjected Oginski, 'it is a world of^ change. We who are much abroad see a good deal of that.' ' Ah, doubtless ! ' exclaims mademoiselle ; ' and the fashions, you *ee. change — one goes out, another comes in : and, observe, there is no regret — we put on the new, andthe old we put smilingly away — it is ' old-fashioned ' ; in a word, it is a ' fright.' 'Twero a thousand pities were it so with friends and friendships ! Sad to lose — to put away a friend 60. Or,' cries she, with quite a ripple of silvery laughter, ' utie idole chcrie ! tell me, manner, is it truth or scandal, that you sailors (educated sailors I mean) leave all memory of your wives and loves with the anchor at your last moorings Y' ' Oh ! mademoiselle, no ! some of us, I assure you, are quite as constant and as old-fashioned as ' Jack ' himself, who does nothing but talk of one girl Thekla or Olga, as the case may be, right round the world, and looks forward to his reunion with her, at |the end of the cruise, as the one event of his life.' From the empresscment with which the hsart- sleeved Oginski delivered himself of this reply, she learned that she bad toucbcd him to the quick, and from this moment hence forward there sprang up in her breast a fierce desire and de termination to make a conquest of this young lieutenant. Dona Manuela caught her eye at this precise moment ; saw the electric fire that blazed and sparkled in it for the instant, and divined its meaning. Chapter XI. — The Consul's Picnic— (' Olim Con si; lb Planco'). As Captain Platoff has determined upon watering his ship here, it comes out after a little, whispered from one to another, that the Barmecide will remain at least eight days in harbour. Consequent upon this, various parties of pleasure are projected. Pintado-shooting expeditions, pic nics, pedestrian excursions, besides parties both musical and festive. Oginski is one of the invited guests of Mr. Horatio B. Putnam, the United States Consul, to an exten sive picnic to be held in a valley at the back of the little town. This (as we said before) is only one of a series in which the Muscovite uniform is the real centre of attrac tion. Oginski who has three days' continuous leave, lands at the rocky steps, and, with a sailor marching behind carrying a bag and small portmanteau, makes his way to the consulate. This is a long-ridged wooden house of two stories, with deep verandahs, jalousies, and other contrivances intended to compass both shade and coolness. The 'Stars and Stripes' float in lazy wrinkling waves of red white and blue over the roof-tree, and there is a general air of smartness about the whole establishment not observable in the heavier and more stately Government House. Oginski has an apartment assigned to him overlooking the sea and the shipping, also the path that winds its way through the rocks to the land ing-place. There is a variety in this scene which charms quite beyond the novelty of it, and with this pleasing and agreeable prospect to command his attention he opens his window, and throwing himself on a cane sofa in the shade of the verandah, soothes himself with a cigar. ****** The party assembled at the consulate are by this time well upon their way. Panama hats and muslin jackets are the vogue, and some of the fair equestrians mounted upon mules, carrying huge umbrellas Spanish- fashion. The road, which twines and zigzags, after the manner of most moun tainjpaths, is flanked by ruinous masses of crumbly red rock, amid whose interstices the. prickly pear and globe cactus make good their footing. This is backed up by a dense glossy-leaved and perfumed thicket of laurel-like ever greens, behind which are palms. Under foot all is rough and gravelly, and as the mules and donkeys shake the ground in their upward passage, showers of dust and small pebbles come skipping and trickling down the declivity on either side of the mountain path. As the pleasure-seekers ascend the sea unrolls behind them — one vast un wrinkled plain of azure ; the long roofs of the little town below with flagstaffs and drooping colours, seem embowered in groves and greenery. There, beyond all the ridge and roof-trees, lie the Barmecido and her half sisters, anchored quietly under the battery bluff ; the fii6t grand, noble, and self-assertive as ever, the others moro or less picturesque after their several characteristics and fashions. A man, a single solitary figure, stands erect in a small skiff or canoe not far out, and there comes (so 6till is the water) one broad zigzag band of shadow, descending from his feet and nearly reaching the apparent margin of the land. Everything on the water sleeps ; the flags of the \- shipping hang in heavy folds, as if saturated, andthe silenoe is such that one may mark, even at this distance, the differ ence of time in the stroke of the ship's bells, as they agree to differ about the hour ante- meridiem. Our party passes along merrily, chatting and laughing to the accompaniment of creaking saddles, the jingle of spurs, and the occasional cough or snort of their long-eared chargers. The ground is more level, and the road is overarched and darkened by interlacing branches. It is muddy here and there, and occasionally the mules and donkeys have to splash through shallow pools of water. The road becomes silvery-grey from the admixture of sand with the free black soil ; and there is a fine, fresh, earthy flavour permeating the air, similar to the odour- of a newly-dug garden after a shower. Thus they ride and roll along for a few hundred yards more, and then suddenly emerge at a turn of the road into a mag nificent green valley. Here a suitable spot having been chosen close to a spring uf clear water, cloths are spread and baskets unpacked, a few negro attendants seeing meanwhile to the mules and asses. These swarthy serving-men, who do not seem to care much about eating, sit under the shadow of some tamarind trees at a short distance smoking their cigaritos, and chat ting unrestrictedly. Our party want no servants, — what party ever yet did ? And American gentlemen and Russian gentlemen alike vie with each other in waiting on the ladies. The conversation is polyglot, much of it in English, a good deal in French, and a little in Portuguese. The consul himself speaks all three — English generally to Oginski and one or two other officers, French to some of the ladies of the party, and Portuguese to his wife, who is only six months married, and a native of the island. There is almost everything here in an al fresco way that the most exacting could deBire, even to ices, of which a goodly supply was contributed by Senora the consulessa. Conversation was merrily and laughingly carried on in three languages, and the* sound of silvery laughter, the clinking of actual silver implements and glass, and the popping of corks, were soon succeeded by some capital singing to guitar accompaniment. Cigaritas are produced, and nearly all, except the performers, engaged in blowing little diaphanous clouds of the fragrant weed. We must not omit from this list two Portuguese ladies, who smoked with great gusto and some elegance — two young pickles of midshipmen from the Barmecide rolling iip the tissue paper, bringing the light, &c.;, with immense gravity. The sederunt on the grass under the shudow of the tamarinds having been broken up by common consent, the guests strayed about in twos and threes in different direc tions exploring the beauty of the locality ; but by far the greater number directed their steps towards the farm of an American gentleman in full view of them. Properly speak ing, this was not a farm, but a respectable expanse of land on one ot the sloping sides of the valley, devoted chiefly to vineyard and orchard purposes. In the lower part were dark belts of orange plantation, where the orange-trees were so green and the fruit so numerous and yellow that Mr. Wenceslas compared them, trees and fruit together, to ' green velvet pin-cushions stuck full of gold-headed pins. Above them flourished the plantain and the banana, stand ing literally in sackcloth (of their own growth), which . hung about* their feet ; while great pendulous bunches of fruit, both green and buff, bent their stems and tempted the passer-by. Palms were of various species and various degrees of beauty, and, above all, on the higher ground, cool arcades of vinery — grapes, both green and purple, hanging in most enticing clusters from the open-wrought roof. On the side of the hill, and peeping out of the midst of & plaintain patch, appeared the cottage of the proprietor, its whitewashed walls shining out gaily from the midst of the broad green leaves, and visible for a considerable distance out to sea. Oginski and Mademoiselle Dubourg, who had been again thrown into each other's society as it were, walked about undecidedly, and apart from the main body of the company.. . Insensibly they increased their distance from the picnic ground ; and mademoiselle feeling a little fatigued, they sat down by the maririn^fT ? ? ? fl shadow of a thick clump of evergreens 'Pring, in ^ ? ' Do you believe in Paul and Virgin!, fl son ages?' said the lady, tapping the tin p»r fl with her parasol, 'it is 'the' fl know, to undo all our old beliefs, and turn m fl idols of our school-days into myths and rmS; e de%tfm fl « Believe i'' quoth the UiutenaSt I uniform cap on the grass, and fanning .do«n hii fl handkerchief-' of couni I beli^wM ^ 8 ^ fl of our vessel has stood bv their graves ''wesla, fl he is in the mood— that is to say a trifl fl mademoiselle— let us suppose on a quiet nSu ®fnti®eatal, fl a full moon, the canvas of the frigate l3-;„ under fl tured marble, and the foam as it flies from th sculp, fl into liquid fire ; then, as the moonlight e-linf«Pro]r fl on the wave and the polished metal of om- .TnL eParWea fl contrasts with the warm and ruddv eW and ? lamps through the skylight-you mnv fl all his glory, standing in the waist with' a knot T j in fl round about him, who are never tired of i,;0 , hirers ? scriptions.' eloquent de ' Mr. Wenceslas is a good raconteur, then ? ' fl ' None, better, mademoiselle, I assure you ' I ' Do you really feel as if there was iuyihms h, r fl place, and company i ' 10 timo 'Ah certainly yes. Daylight for busine8B , , fl for confidences, but moonlight for a lnvo J' du-lt H ? Paul and Virginia.' ' B love stoi7 such M fl ' And are you fond of these stores— you saiw s- fl 'There is nothing indeed that we love better - n, , ? ? when the stories are well told.' ' lh, ' Nevertheless, monsieur, I do not think tw r -_ fl find Mr. Wenceslas any improvement on St Piem» » Sj° I earlier impressions ; but I should love to hear him ? ^ fl has the right enthusiasm, and h« ihimself visited the sS- ? 'For my part, mademoiselle, I am sorry that it LI? fl vet been my fortune to touch at Mauritius ' et h'e I 'Why, indeed? I am not my own master T fl many masters, and must go where I am bidden mvlifrf fl the most part being spent amid the vast desert waste* of f},! fl ocean. But there is an oasis here and there and W ' H one of them. To-day it seems to me the brightest of anv fl with this charming scene and your presence, \7hat happy disposition must be yours, and what a deliehtfJl fl destiny to bear about with you this continual halo of ad- fl miration and contentedness— turning a little rocky islet lib fl this into one garden of roses ! Now, of all the volcanic and fl arid sterile rocks that ever were pitched by the Titans into the sea, give me the Cape Yerds. They are all alike Brava, Sal, San Antonio, Fuego, and the reBt. Now Madeira fl is loveable and civilized ; you can get a modiste of a sort in Funchal — yes, mademoiselle,' laughs Oginski, 'and nunneries and convents for those that like them. But truly I have in some sort a dislike to Madeira. Every second face one meets is hectic, the eyes too big, too round, too brilliant ? there is scarcely a pretty girl there that isn't apotYnWw.' ' ' Yes ! monsieur, tliis is truly sad, and then besides there are those frightful English there ; one becomes quite qm with these people. Now, in a really tropical garden such as that in which St. Pierre laid the 6cene of his romance I could be happy for ever.' ' And I, too, mademoiselle, under certain circumstances,' ' As for me,' continued Mademoiselle Dubourg, tracing figures on the ground with the point of her parasol, ' I am certain that 1 should be happy there — for 1 am altogether French, and the island is French at heart still, as much as it was when Monsieur de Labourdonnais was governor But what are the circumstances that you require to make Palmisti habitable 'i Hold, I have it — your Paul must have his Virginia! Pray, Mr. Lieutenant, have you ever been really very seriously in love ? ' Oginski, with a warm blush overspreading his honest features— a blush no virgin in all Rome need have been ashamed to answer for — regarded her with a Btartied look, but when he found his voice, replied — 'Yes! mademoiselle ; as who has not been before me? ' ' And you are sure you did not leave her with the anchor at the last moorings in Russian waters V' 'In point of fact, yes — in point of memory and fancy, no ! We sailors may wish, but we must also wait.'' 'Ah! yes, monsieur, it is all waiting and hope de ferred, unless one can make a gruud coup ; but this fair fiancee of yours—— ' ' Maidemoiselle, I have no longer smy fiancee. I continu to love, but the obligation is dissolved. It happene' in this way — I did it quite in opposition to my ovm heart, but an Englishman, a valued friend of mine, per suaded me that the more honourable and the manlio course to pursue was for me to release her before proceed ing on the cruise.' ^fl ' Ah, Mr. Oginski, I cannot agree with him or with you there. I fear you do things only by halves in your frost) countrj' ; but how could one expect sense of one of those Eng lish r* Tell me all abouthei— recite her excellences on your fingers, firstly, secondly, and so on. ^She is beautiful, doubt less, young, elegant, accomplished.' ' She is all these, and more,' said Oginski, in a treinulou^ voice (his face burning the while) . ' I think I see her now . ' Where, monsieur r' T ^fl ' I see her,' said the young lieutenant, in your fac ? . hear her in your voice. You make me feel what 1 na*e felt since I left St. Petersburg. It was your accent ma n- H tonation that astonished me so the day befere yes er j, when I had the honour of sitting next to you at Governor's.' . , , , p„j,sm ^fl ' Tell me quieklv, then, monsieur, is the lady I re ? BH ' Yes, mademoiselle, French as yourself ; ° £00,, ' and — like you— beautiful and amiable all together. ' You know the custom of our country in o circles — the lady cannot choose for herself. & once fianccc is absolutely free, how can you ^ ^fl desirable parti will not lie brought p scene bv monsieur the young lady s p- 1 ? „^s you are' battling abroad with wind and w 8Wa ^fl verv likely too that she would submit. ,, ,v (0for. such things a hundred times myself. You sho . ^ get her, for this will be but kindness to you^ , , , i ^fl to her. Be as romantic as you. will, with sou - , ^ ^fl like my Knight of the Rueful Countenance, but ao to see him tilting at windmills ' Merest ^fl ' I cannot tell why it is, mademoiselle ; o , ° j^ppy ^fl your feet, I don't know whether I ought to or miserable.' „ . . , . r am of too^fl 'Don't say miserable, Mr. Ogtnsb. .„ppV for^fl joyous a disposition myself to make anj ? .g port ^fl long. Come and see us often whileyour company, ^fl heil Senora Manuela will be dehght^^thjourc^ _ and I will do my best to play and smg an ^ terribly all your fancies. Oh! I promise you, - o - double tired of me, and, as a consequenee, ot y ? _ before you sail. Come ! is it a jnigc-'1 and all your fancies—; ind _we, which d'^fl saying she pointed to a dainty h«fe S tjjem »nd m^fl had just flung down upon tbegTass nicallv taking front of the perplexed Oginski, who m lips, a^^fl up, pressed it, perhaps equally me ^ tt nV0f liie uni^''^fl thrust it into his bosom between two buttons or a* ^ H C°' Well,' saidd calla really gallant way of how nUK* ing man that you are, I shall ne\ _ , £or mj- fairwi- ^fl this homage is meant for me, or our gteps. On patriate. Suppose now we begin to ^tI?. darkness sets the sun goes dow n in these latitudes, the oar^ _ verv suddenly.' , mvseif, mftdw^rj^fl '' Just what I was about to thft big I see the people gathering toBe^; fj,e naJc3 311 astf4^fl yonder, and the negroes we saddling me ^fl already.' ^ * * * * 'Adieu,monsieur,' cries the bcautiMiw^e,^)1^j1 ^ her to alight from her saddle at ' th i am ^fl Governor's house. 'Adieu . ,, . make Mr. Wenceslas's acquaintance. IffaBtBOffiuCD ' Bring him to-morrow if iwssib^,,, ^ last^fl hear his version of ' Paul and stung by to^^| Oginski, still faithful to words. Paradoxical asit may ^*^11, Natal,e $ 'bec^fl grow jealous already. Was . jjg Dubourg. ?, tbt^fl wounding him through Mad«moiseW^g . ^ fore herself responsible tor Maden'Oi^'^ wilful wavwpjdness of this - jnV - herself that n adc- him long lo fee! nn* H ^fl 