CHRISTIAN CONVENtTI ON. wvnwdniv nnvrmurr ix. From the time it was determined than an Inter national Exhibition would be held in Sydney, tbe various Evangelical churches iu and around tbe city resolved ou embracing the opportunity i£ afforded of bringing minister and Christian from distant parts fniTAflin fr. Lrtld ft nhristlAn convention, when various subjects in connection with Evangelical work would be fully discussed. Accordingly, arrangements were made to hold tbe convention during the present and ensuing week. Wednesday was fixed for commencing the work of Chris-, tian discussion, at the Protestant Hall, Castle- reagh-strcct. The chair was taken by Mr. Joseph Paxton. The subject treated was "The Christian Life. It was divided into two parts ; the first— "JYhat tends to promote it?" was takon up by the Rev. Dr. Steel, who read an elaborate paper, in which he ably set forth his views on the Bubject. An intermission of . 40 minutes followed, during which time several gentlemen present expressed their views on the various topics brought forward in the ad dress just delivered. The Rev. Joseph Barnier then read a paper on " What hinders Christian life ?" An excellent choir made up of 'a selection from the various churches, under the able direction of Mr. Salier, enlivened the proceedings with sacred music during intervals. sunday- schools. The afternoon session was presided over by Mr. William Davies, M.L.A., of Gonlburn. The subject for discussion was " Sunday BChool?." The chairman said it would be as easy to blot Australia out of the map of the world as Sunday schools out of the reli gious world. He would not say much on the subject, as the Rev. Dr. Kelynack, a host in himself, would treat on that subject. Still, be would say he felt a great in terest in Sabbath schools, as ho had been the superin tendent of a Sabbath school for 25 years. He had long been of opinion that those engaged in that work had not been brought together so much as they ought to be. Ho believed that there was nothing more needed in Sabbath schools than discipline. Biblical instruc tion they bad in all schools, but discipline was too often not observed. It was said "that young men and young women would not submit to discipline. Now he could say from his experience that these were the very parties' that were -most amenable to discipline, and so much -wore they in favour of good order in the school, that they often left the school in disgust where it was wanting. Without discipline their efforts in other respects were comparatively thrown away; .The Rev. Dr. Kklysack said the great end and aim of Sabbath-schools was the conversion of . the children. Ho then noticed the qualifications of a successful Sabbath- school teacher. Among the first of these was a culti vated intellect on tbe part of the teacher. We how live, ho said, in a day when facilities for obtaining knowledge is such that any. person with common industry can become possessed of a well informed mind sucli as will enable him to impart knowledge readily and successfully. Tbe next qualification was an aptitude for teaching. To acquire the posses sion of that, some things were necessary. One was a clear idea of what they wanted to teach, the next was a felicitious method of communicating one's ideas. Ho must be able to tell tbe old, old story from the grand old Book, and draw upon his imagina tion in reference to surrounding objects. This qualifi cation was acquired only by application and practice. Tbe next w.us ability to command and control chil dren. Having bis class well in band, he would be able to take them like a well-managed team over the rougher road of instruction to where lie wanted to take them. The next was sympathy. There were some teachers whose words were like a rasp, and the freezing of a winter morning. The kindly smile that comes out of a kindly disposition would not fail to influence the youthful heart. The next and still most important qualification was a personal appropriation of Christ. The possession of true piety in the heart was indispensible. Having these qualifications, success was certain. For such teaching as this in Lis youth he (Dr. Kelynack owed his present position in life, all that he was. He should always feel grateful, and remember with affec tion, a devoted Sabbath-school teacher, whose counsel and instruction bestowed on htm, made him what ho was. , He should ever be the warm advocate of Sabbath-schools. On the invitation of the Chairman, a speaker in the body of the hall expressed the opinion that there ought to be more union among the dif ferent Sabbath-school teachers, and suggested the for mation of a grand Sabbath-school Union. The llev. James Jeffkius, LL.B., said he fully endorsed the remarks of tho last speaker. They wanted one grand union, such as they had in South Australia and in Victoria. There was a want of interchanging of ideas among Sunday ;schooi teachers. The work was such as to require a portion of tho week davs, which would have to be devoted to preparation for Sunday work. He trusted great good would flow from the proceedings of thepresent.meeting. Another speaker said a great want was the absence of persons to' look out for yonng people moving from one-locality to another, 11 r. Stic EI. said that there wore a million Sabbath schools in Protestant Christendom, all teaching every Sunday nearly the same thing. Ho then went into tho aids provided for Sabbath-school teachers in these enlightened and educational appliances, and pointed out how much Christian people could qttaiify tliemsclvcs for this groat and good work of Sabbath- school teaching. The Rev. Dr. Beg said he quite agreed that there ought to be a Sabbath-school Union ; but while ho admitted this he held that there ought to be a union of Christian churches, and this he feared was not at present practicable. If so, thea how could they have a Sabbath-school Union ? He bclicTcd iu Sabbath- school co-operation. If they could, not have union let them have co-operation. He bad it on good authority that conversions to God were principally in those between the ages of 10 and 20 years. Another said as next year was the centennial ' of Sunday schools, thoy ought to have a general meeting in that hall for the formation of a Sunday school Union before the ctose.of tho present year. young men's christian association. "Young Men's Christian Associations " was the next subject. Mr. Davib VT A lee It, the goneral secretary of tbe Y.M.C.A., read a well-prepared paper on this topic, in wliichjke pointed out how suitable they wore to meet , the case of young men in large cities. He regretted that they were not more frequent iu the country towns of this colony. It was young men that could best influence young men ; there was a kind of sym pathy existing between them that gave one influence over another- that older men did not possess. He pointed out the origin of these associations of this kind in 1850, and dwelt on tho vast influence for good they had exercised iu all tho large towns in England and the ' colonies since then. "Were men of tho world to have .their clubs and associations, and none for young men ? There were associations for young men of an anti- Christian character, where the teaching had for its object the subversion of the Christian faith and morality.- It was necessary that young men should lie bonded together for their own spiritual welfare. Tract dis tribution, the formation of libraries, and co-operation were among the labours which yonng men should be trying to promote. Tho paper concluded with a reference to tho life of Mr. Moody, who did so much good for young men. He (Mr. Walker) had been 25 years engaged in mercantile affairs in this city, and knew the need that young men stood in of" such associations. Mr. Kent, in the hall, said ho had arrived in this colony 15 years ago, without a friend or relative, when a gentleman touched him on the shoulder and gavo him some good counsel, which made such an impression on his mind at .the time, that he ever since looked upon that as one of tho best friends ho had in the world. He would recommend Christian men to look out for strangers, and afford them seasonable counsel, for it was difficult to estimato the service such, words of kindness would be to those to whom they wore addressod on such occasions. Dr. Beg advocated the formation of a Young Women's Christian Association in Sydney. It was quite as much wanted for yonng women from tho country as the young men. The Rev. M. Tress snid he could give instances that come under his own observation of the good that those Young Men's Christian Associations arc. Mr. Page, of New York, who recently arrived in Sydney from America, gavo a very cheering account of the "Christian work in that land. This brought the business of tho first day's pro ceedings to a close. Thursday, November 18. Tho chair was taken, in accordance with previous announcement, by Mr; J. R. Fairfax. The subjects for consultation were "City Missions," by the Rev. A. Burdctt, of Sydney, and " Bush Missions," by the Rev. J. Studds, of Goulburn. Among those on the platform and in tho body of the ball were the follow ing gentlemen : — Revs. Dr. Steel, James Jefferis, T. B. Tress, F. Elder, Dr. W. M. White, J. Penman. J. Studds (Goulburn), P. Fitzgerald (Windsor), .Tos. Barnior, C. Dnnstau (Duhho), Dr. Beg, C. Willis, Dr. M'Gibbon, ,T. Blanksby, R. Williamson (Parramatta), B. Kennv, C. Stewart, P. H. Cornford, G. Macintosh, George "Lane, — Aluutt (Mulgda), A. Burdotr, S. Savage, Mr. J oseph Pantou, Dr. Neild, Mr. Walker. city missions. The Chairman, after announcing the order of the proceedings, said ho would not occupy the time of tho meeting, bnt at once call upon tho Rev. Mr. Bnrdott to open the discussion by reading his paper on "City Missions." In his valuable paper tho rev. gentleman noticed the commencement of tho Tract Society in 17U9, and the kindred societies that were subse quently brought into existence, and especially dwelt "oil the origin of city missions by David Nasinitli, a hmnble clerk of no particular blood( at Glasgow iu 1810, which was of an entirely unsectarian character. The movement soon- spread over the wholo of the United Kingdom and America, the ob ject of this society being to' rescue'the fallen, ' to re claim tho drunkard, and bring to the fold of Christ those who had been found living in- sin and im morality. Ho wont on to show how liablo church members wore to feci indifferent while sitting in their cqmfortahlo pews at church listening to "elo quent sermons, whilo thousands were living in ' ignorance and in sin. With these fatter the citv missionary had peculiar advantages when labourinf' among them, as be understood their feelings and circumstances. He then noticed some very interest ing instances of success among the poor in the neglected, parts of this city, and concluded his interesting and; instructive paper by giving some statistics of the city mission work in Sydney The Rev., Dr. M'GinnoN said they wore indebted to the brother that read, this admirable paper. He thought that it must be admitted that the churches had failed in their duty towards those that were living in the neglected parts of the city. But it was a question how the city mission work could be best carried on. It was tho churches' work, and they could hardly be justified in deputing it to societies or city missionaries. He thought that the people attending churches were over-fed ; they were taught as if they never heard the Gospel before. He had every respect for city missionaries for their work's sake, but it was the duty of the church to undertake and carry out this work. Ho thought bettor church organisation must be adopted if the object aimed is to be successfully carried out. The Rev. Dr. Steel gave a short account of his own experience in city mission work in tho mother country some 30 years ago. He remembered when they opened a service, tp which none with Sunday clothes were admitted, the place was soon filled with, ooatless people, who, however, did not long remain without them, for thoy shortly after got coats of their own, with which to appear decently at church. Ho pointed out, from what he had seen at homo, how Christian ladies could work wonders among their poorer neighbours by forming associations of this kind, which would meet the wants of tho poorer classes. , Mr. Mabsev expressed the opinion that there was not that pastoral visitation by ministers among the upper classes that there ought to be, nor the efforts made -to raise the necessary funds for this work. Ho thought if greater efforts were mado the City Mis sion funds wonld bo greatly augmented. After another speaker addressed the meetin", the Rev. George Lane expressed a hope the excellent paper they heard read would be made public property and circufated throughout tbe colony. Ho desired to express his admiration for the Sydney City Mission He thought tho . suggestions of Dr. Steel and Dr! M'Gibbon wonld be acted on bv 'Christian Ladles' who might form themselves into" bands for visiting those sick people who would not seek admission into the Infirmary. - , i The Rev. Mr. BDRDETTsaid it was likely this vear would be more prosperous in city mission work than any that preceded it. rush missions. The Rev. James Stcbbs then read a paper on "Bush Missions." Ho noticed what agencies had been set on foot for all classes in large cities It was said that this multiplication of agencies was an indication of weakness and not of success, and that it was an evidence of the insufficiency of chnrch agencies to reach the masses and conserve Christi anity. He did not hold with that opinion These agencies, which ail Evangelical churches had carried on together, were evidences that the churches were becoming more united, and more what they ou"ht to bo. He then noticed the need of an agency to meet the wants of persons in the interior.0 He had met many in the country who wore living as though they were residents of some heathen land. Manyof them had not heen to a place of worship for a great number of years. He held that it was only bv some non-sectarian agency that these persons could be reached. Much would depend on the character and ability of such agents. They ought not to be men of strong sectarian feeling, but sympathising with all evangelical denominations. Nor ought such a-ents be met by a" narrow sectarian spirit on the part of ministers in tho country. He then noticed the work done by the four agents employed by tlio New South IVales Bush Missionary Society, the out-of-the-wav places they visited, and the immense number of bonks they had sold. A speaker in the body of tho hall said that more than half the crime committed in the country was owing to the absence of religious teaching. This he said from an experience of 34 years in the interior. Several other speakers gave their views as to bush mission work in tho country, all agreeing that it was a most useful agency. Dr Beg said he would have been glad if they had before them statistical information as to the results of hush missions. Mr. Diiuce, who had been ten years a bush mis sionary, gave a very interesting account of his ex perience in that- work, and of tho results of his labours in that capacity in the far interior. (ThoRov. J.Baunier, who had been farin the interior, bore testimony to the usefulness of bush missions. He knew from his own experience as a minister that bush missionaries had advantages over ministers in prosecuting this work, as they had access to station hands, while ministers, who were looked upon as too professional, were avoided. The circulation of reli gions books could not bo over-estimated. The "evening session commenced at 7.30 p.m., the Hon.- AY. J. Foster in tho chair. There was a very large attendance, and several ministers present that were not there in the forenoon ; and not the least interesting feature of the proceedings was the excel lent singing of tho choir under the'leadership of Mr. J. J. Salier. The Rev. Mr. Willis read a portion of Scripture, and the Rev. C. Chiniquy engaged iu prayer. The Chairman said it was cheering to see so many there that evening. For his own part, he felt glad to be there. The subjects to be brought before them applied to a very large portion of the community, for he was afraid that the careless comprised a very large proportion, and the samo might be said of intemper ance. Ho then related an anecdote to show how in consistent many Christian people wore, who saw the dangers in which careless persons stood and yet manifested little concern for their eternal safety. evangelistic services for tub oallbless. The Rov. J. D. Langley then read an interesting . paper on "Special Evangelistic services to reach the careless." Ho laid it down as a rule that if Christian people would reach tho careless thoy must go to them — get down to their social lovel, that they bring these careless ones up to theirs. No substitute couid be found for that which Christ instituted — the preaching of tho Word. Tho speaker then went on to point out the qualifications necessary to a snccessfui prosecution of Evaugolistic work, and noticed the martyr Stephen and the qualification he . possessed, and then went on to show that the great Evangelistic workers of modern times, and especially Moody, whose great work was known throughout America and Europe, were of tho same character as that which Stephen possessed. That great preacher, Mr. Moody, was stimulated to sock a higher power than that which he had possessed during tho first years of his ministry, by a remark made to him one day — " Sir, your preaching is without power." That power he sought out and found — the unction of the Holy Ghost. Educational qualifications were valuable, but they were secondary to that which Moody sought.' He then went on to say that they should come down to tho level of those for whom they laboured ; their places of worship should ' not be of a pretentious character, as they tended to repel in stead of attracting tho poor, and their singing should be lively and such as commendod itself to the taste of their congregations. Ho concluded his interesting paper with counsel that appeared to meet the warm approbation of the audience. A speaker in the hall said he held that every man that got religion into his heart, also received at the same time some gift. Every man had some natural talents, and when they becahic converted it was incumbent on them to use these talents in a way to ' promote the cause of God, and especially to exercise whatever personal influence thoy had with those thut were alienated from God in their immediate neighbourhood. Another said he hoped that something practical would result from that meeting. The Rov. F. Elder said there was a subject not touched by Mr. Langley iu his paper, and that was open air services, which when properly conducted were Tery useful. A speaker said if they wanted to have power, they must show by their mode of living that they were in possession of tho religion they professed. That was what would give them influence with the careless in their respective spheres of everyday life. Another speaker said that the Reformation was promoted by Evangelistic services, and so was every subsequent revival. He went on to givo an account of tho revival in Glasgow some lli years aeo iu sup port of the suggestion to bold open air services. The services to which he alluded were conducted: not by ignorant or illiterate persons, but by persons who stood highest in their college curriculum. Tho Rev. Mr. Savage enquired whence came this carelessness. He then went on to show how it was fallen into imperceptibly after people grew up. Hence the necessity of bible classes for j-oung men and women. Tho Rev. Dli. Beg said if this work of evangelisa tion was to be carried on, it must be by the priest hood of the people. Every one Bhoulil bo an Evangelist to those with whom they come iu contact, especially so was it incumbent on the ladies, who. as a rule, possessed peculiar qualifications for this work. intemperance. Tho Rov. F. Firth then read a paper on intemper ance. No evil affected thoir national character or in jured tho interests of the church as did this vice. Tho question was how they could most effectually arrest the rapid progress of this evil ? In answer to this question ho quoted various authorities, to show what was commonly called moderation was a delu sion, and that intoxication from tho use of alcohol — which was not a natural, but a chcmicnl product, obtained by fermentation — varied euly in degree. It was intoxication from tbe small quantity that merely produced a Hush in the face to absolute drunkenness. Thoro was no line of demarcation between these two states. It needed but a continued use in quantities, no matter how small, to produce that desire for strong drink which resulted in drunkenness. The only safe guard against intemperance wns total abstinence. He urged those who were electors to make the amend ment of the liquor laws as a te3t question at elections, and to rctoc to snpport tlioBO candidates that would not promise to aid the removal of this evil from the a inie Bevi C. CniMQCV had tirade this question his study even when' he was a priest of Rome. He had read the' books of physicians, and he found th opinion was incontrovertible that wine, beer, and spirits containing alcohol .were poisons, and no man could indulge in taking poison and be guiltless. If he wanted others to give up drinking, he must set the example. How could he. say to n man, " Give up . drink," while he (Cbiniquy) indulged in it? He pointed out how Christ bore the cross for us, and if. abstinence was a cross to us, we should take up that cross and bear it for the sake of others. The rev. gentleman resumed his scat amid great applause. Dr. Neild said; there might bo grounds for a difference of opinion on some points in connection with the subject, but the duty of exer cising self-denial for the sake of others admitted of no second opinion. It was said that men could hot be made Bober by Act of Parliament. That might be but it was certain that men were made drunkards by Act of Parliament, by means of the licensing gvstem. The Hev. Mr. Gaixsford would endorse the state ments of Dr. Ncild. Dr. Beg held, although himself a teetotaller, that wine was good for medical and sacramental' purposes, but bad for children to use as a beverage. Several other gentlemen expressed their views on the subject. The opinion seemed to prevail that there must be a radical change in the liquor laws of this colony, to which was to be attributed the drunkenness that is at present so prevalent. Several announcements were then made, and the session closed. 