THE DISTRESS IN ENGLAND. There is an impression abroad that the worst stage of the distress consequent on the dullness of trade in England has been passed. The times have indeed been axceptionally bad, and any gleam of relief is sure to be eagerly welcomed. It has not been necessary to magnify the pri rations and hardships, endured for the most 'part with characteristic fortitude by the English people during many months of unusual depression, in order to awaken sympathy and evoke bountiful aid, for enhappily the evidences of want and dis tress have everywhere been too apparent Yet even in the presence of extraordi narily adverse circumstances it was com forting to know that the sore trials experienced did not blast all hopa in the future of the country, bat, on the contrary, that the distress was commonly regarded as temporary and due to fluctuating causes, with the disappear ance of which a revival of better times would be possible and probable. The sinister auguriesof pessimists did, however, dismay many of the iess thoughtful and confident. They kept out of view the significant fact that other nations were going through a like ordeal. It was, and is, of course no consolation to the wretched thousands in the United Kingdom to learn that their fellow icreatures en the Continent of Europe and in America are similarly cast down and necessitous ; still this truth could surely not fail to convince them that the exist ing depression was not local in its nature and terrible severity. It is notorious that the world has been going through another period of disaster, belief in the cyclic recurrence of which has almost become an article of political faith. The ordinary incidents of such a periodic reversal of prosperous conditions have been on this latest occasion supplemented and intensified by the occurrence of war, fpmine, and pestilence, and hence it is only reasonable to suppose that the re covery from the wasting effects of such a crisis will be comparatively slow. ; It is manifest that the distress has been most keenly felt and has been attended with the most deplorable results in the principal manufacturing centres. From Aberdeen to Cornwall the deplorable exhibition of stagnant industries lias been witnessed, yet the severest pressure ha3 obviously been undergone in several of the staple trades of the country. It h a singular and fortunate circumstance that, notwithstanding the ominous symp toms of disaffection among them four or five months since, the agricultural labourers do not appear to have suffered more than they generally do during harsh biting seasons of protracted frost and heavy snow. If anything, they have been taught by recent events that it would be rather unjust to attribute the back ward tendency of wages entirely to the farmers, who themselves find it no easy matter to bear up under their difficulties, which have been of late further empha sized by a marked fall in the price of their produce. It is, indeed, worthy of note that Joseph Arch and other leaders of the labourers now have a good word to say for the farmers, who, it is admitted, cannot prosper until they are enabled to cultivate tkeir holdings without the restric tions at present imposed on them. It is gratifying also to perceive that while an outcry in favour of protection is heard in England it is not the farmers who raise it, for thus far no agitation to that end has been visible among them. They may have faintly joined in the protest against the indifference of the Government to the sufferings of 'the people, and when the opportunity conies at a general election may show by their votes that they are convinced that the foreign policy of tbe Beaconsfield Ministry has retarded the revival of trade if it was not actually responsible for a large amount of the de pression. And although farmers, like the rest of the community, may be persuaded that unprofitable competition amongmanu facturers has had much to do with this depression, they cannot, even with the effects of foreign rivalry brought home strikingly to their own doors, venture to she persists in adhering to free-trade principles. They are aware that England could not have withstood the disastrous consequences of an overpowering com bination of adverse circumstances to the extent she has done had she not been sus tained by those very principles and strengthened for the unequal contest by the advantages traceable to her free com mercial system. It is not at all unlikely that had England lacked these advantages the distress which has befallen her would have been tenfold greater, if not, altogether unprecedented in its far-reaching and calamitous effects. It is certainly a poor solace to reflect that in the years immediately preceding the overthrow of protection in Eoglaud the visitation of distress was more appalling than anything of the kind seen since ; nevertheless the fact is one deserving of attention at this time, when the enemies o£ free trade declare that to it must be ascribed the prevalent depression. Miss Martineau's descri;) tion of the condition of England in 1841, just before Sir Robert Peel to-!c office, has special significance in tha face of these groundless char^ej. 'The distress,' she wrote, ''hid now so deepened iu the manu facturing districts as to reader it clearly inevitable that many must die and a multitude be lowered to a state of sick ness and irritability from want of fool, while there Beemed no chance of ar.y number of the manufacturing classes coming out of the struggle at last with a vestige of property where^ with to begin the world again. The pressure had long extended beyond the interests first affected, and whan the new Ministry came into power there seemed to be no class that was not threatened with ruin. In Carlisle the Committee of Enquiry reported that a bordering on starvation — actually certain to die of famine unless relieved by extraordinary exertions. . .In Stock port more than half the master Epinners had failed before the close of 1842 : dwelling-houses to the number of 3,C00 were shut up, and the occupiers of many hundreds were unable to pay rate3 at aU. Five thousand persona were walk ing the streets in compulsory idlenesj, and the Burnley Guardians wrote to the Secretary of State that the distress was : far beyond their management ; bo that a Government Commissioner and Government funds were sent down with out delay.' The lines ef this picture are surely dark enough. Yet this distress occurred in the halcyon days of the pro longed peace, and before England had been committed to the doctrine of free trade. Further, the distress was not then local, like that during the Lancashire cotton famine, nor partial in its direct influence, like that now under considera , tion, for ' every industry was equally depressed.' But protection, far from succouring the distressed or alleviating the depression, really added to the crush ing burden of disaster. Unless the worst fears of those who speculate drearily on the future are to be realized, and unless the country is still to be kept in a state of agitation and anxiety through the dread of foreign complica tions which the policy of the Government has rendered almost chronic, fresh trade activity cannot be much longer delayed. The way to a revival has unques tionably been cleared by the removal of many obstacles to healthy commerce, for the inflation of trade to which the reckless borrowing of foreign Powers and the dishonest enterprise of individual merchants largely contributed is, for the present at least, at an end. On the other hand, however, it will be Ies3 easy for an improvement to set in suddenly, because the fabric of credit has recei /e 1 a serious shock from the succession of failures and disclosures of fraud. The downfall of more than one Bank, and particularly of the City of Glasgow Bank, led to a diminution of the usual facilities afforded to customers, and to that degree contracted the business which depends mainly on such accommodation. Still, it is perhaps the sounder view that, unless some unforeseen accident happens to prevent it, the revival of trade which was interrupted by Bank failures cannot be long deferred, especially in so far as those bankruptcies can affect it. ' We may conclude that the influences which were favouring improvement a few months ajjo are still at work below* the surface, and have even been strengthened by what has happened. Prices and wages arc lower ;ill round than they were ; the cost of pro duction has been still further and greatly reduced ; the time is more favour able than ever to: tho consumer. The public have indeed generally beneiite J by a fall of prices, and iu the mid3t of the distress it was a providential circum stance that a fairly good harvest and abundant foreign supplies had ensured tho first necessity of cheap bread. The lesson of thrift and prudence which the distress is calculated to enforce will, it is to be hoped, do good ; but the work icg classes will also be made more contented if they clearly perceive that while their wages are lower they pay much less as consumers, and thus are not so very badly off as at first sight might appear. The Oveblahd Lures — Communication on he Port Darwin line has been interrupted -eyond Daly 'Waters, and on the 'Western Aus ralian line beyond Albany siuco last night. Ofkkiito of Public Schools.— His Excellency -ir AVilliain Jervois has consented to open tbe lew Government school at Goolwa to-day. Tbe lew Government school at Uraidla is to be -pened ou March 19. LlCESStD YlCTCAIXEBS' ASSGCUTIOK.— The lalf-jearly meeting of tbb Association will be leld this evening at the Sir John Barleycorn 3otel. Tee Late Mb. Join? Bullock.— Our obituary notices t«-day record the death of Mr. John Bullock, of Franklin-street, at the age of sixty ive years. Mr. Bullock, although not one of the ailiest arrivals, was an old colonist. He was -ne of the early shareholders in the Burra Mine, md was at one time a Director of the Company, for many years he has acted as the agent for ibsentee colonists and as the representative of rarions large estates. He leaves a widow, son, tndtwo married daughters. The funeral will sake place at the West-terrace Cemetery this ifternoon. Hutduahsh Im3titute. — On Friday evening, March 7, an entertainment took plac* at Hind marsh, on behalf of the funds for enlarging the Institute building. A series of very superior dissolving views were exhibited and a descrip tive lecture given by the Rev. R. M. Hunter. Messrs. Young (Model School) and T. E. Powell managed the lantern. At the close of the enter tainment votes of thanks were carried by accla mation to the gentlemen named. The attendance ires only moderate. Beflb Match at Fbehli}»o.— The all- comers rifles match took place at Freeling on Wed nesday and Thursday last and was very suc cessful. There were thirty entries, and no less than twenty-seven competed. The first aggregate prize (£5) was secured by Mr. J. C. Laweon, of Blyth, witk 83 points; second prize (£4), Mr. 'W. Smith, of Emitbneld, 80 points ; third prize (£3), Mr. W. Cokei, of Salisbury, 79 points; fourth prize (£2), Captain C. C. Ford, of Freeling, 77 points; fifth prize (£1), Mr. T. Barnfield, of Templers, 75 points. Distance Prizes. — 200 yds. — 1st (£1), K. Easterbrook, 21 points ; 2nd (15s.), S. Eichies, 18 points. 300 yds.— 1st (£1), E. Bobertson, 20 points ; 2nd (15a ), J. Roberta, 17 points. 400 yds.— 1st (electro teapot), J. New man, 19 points ; '2nd (gold pin), Mr. McOallum, 19 points. 5G0 yds.— 1st -£1), A. Ferguson, 19 points; 2nd (15s.), A. Johnston, IS points. 600 yds.— 1st (£1), John Lawson, 18 points; 2nd (15s.), Jos. Lawson, 16 points. The distances were 200, 300, 400, 500, and 000 yds., five shots at each range. Bazaas at Mobphbtt Vaxs. — A bazaar was held in the Morphett Yale Institute on Friday, March 7, in aid of the Building Fund. The ladies of the Working Committee bad worked very bard for some month?, and it was pleasing to see what a display they had of useful and orna mental articles. The room was decorated with flags, and two large stalls extended down the whole! length of the hall, while on the platform' there ? was a smaller stall filled entirely with fancy! articles, where some young ladies did a brisk trade. A post-office also caused great amusement. Many beautiful pieces of music were played on the piano daring the day and evening. The sale was carried on to a late hour, when; the greater part of the goods had been disposed of, the remainder being held over for a future sale. More than £50 was realized,' which amount, when supplemented by QoTertR men*,; will almobt clear oS the debt on tiia buildrug. PciUC MbBTDJO AT TBATaEE GtJLLT. — Oil Saturday night, March 8, a public meeting was held at Teatree Gully for the purpose of taking stepB to have the water laid on to the township and Leighbeurhood. There was a large attend ance, tnd a resolution was pused appointing a deputation to wait on tbe Commissioner of PubMe Works and request him to tike steps to have placed on the Estimates for 1879 a sum sufficient to provide for tbe water being laid on to the Gully and as far as Modbary. Public Mhbtuio.— A public meeting will be held in the Town Hall this evening, for the con sideration of the question of lengthening tbe hours fcf labour as lately attempted in Gawlor. Farewell to the Right Rev. Da. RetkolD3. —About 100 members of the Hibernian Aus tralasian Catholic Benefit Society, and a large number of the friends of the Bight Rev. Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Biahop.aasembled at St. Patrick's Church, on Sandiy evening, March 9, and presented him with a farewell address on the occasion of his projected depar ture for Rome. The Bishop in his reply ex pressed his sense of the loyalty to the Cnurch and tbe yt r.eral worth of the members of the Society, ar.d intimated that an bh arrival in Rome 'he would take care to make known to tha Pope tlie truly Catholic sentiments of his iiook. At the close of his address he distributed sou u*irs 'amongst msny of the persons present aad bade them farewell. Tbb Mhustbb or Education.— It will be within the recollection of our readers that the Hon. T. King about a month ago undertook a journey to Lyndocb, Taonnda, Angaston, and adjacent townships, to examine into their local wants in reference to educational matters. Since his return, tbe fact* having been laid before his colleague*, the following results have been arrived at:— The site of the new Govern ment school at Lyndoch has been fixed, and tenders will shortly be called for the work. Iu reference to the request, made to the Minister by a deputation which waited on him at Lyn doch, for a telegraph line connecting that town ship with Williamstcwn, the Government will place a sum on the Estimates fur the work. lie repairs and alterations to tbe achoolhouso at Rowlands Flat, as suggested by the teacher are being carried out. Negotiations are ia progress for completing the purchase of a piece of land at T&nunda; required to allow ot additional accommodation cud enlargement ot tbe school premiaes. At Knriootpa, also,, additional accommodation it to be provided.. The plans for the school buildings at tbe two last-named township* are being prepared in tho ffice of the Architect-m-CHef. A site for the Post and Telegraph Office at Nuriootpa has been offered at a certain price, and tho matter ia cow under consideration. At Greenoik, where a slight dispute arose amongst the resi- ? dents as to the best sike for tbe Tost aud Tele £roph Offices, it has been decided to leave the ettkmeut of the question to Mr. Todd, G.M.G. The f-ite of the Post-Office at Angaston it sfiectcd io be fised at an early date. Thi- ompletes the list of questions brought before 'he Minuter of Education during his short Kcrth-Easttru tour, and they appear to have bofcn all satisfactorily dealt with. Register Wayzgoose.- In accordance with the usual cuitom of most printing establish ment*, the annual wayzgoose in connection with tbe mechanical department of this office was held on Saturday, March 8. The place chosen this year for the rendezvous was Highoury, and at 10 30 o'clock two of Mr. R. Gcorgu'a large omnibus^* started from the office, arriving at tbe liij;bl-iiry Hot«l about 12 o'cloak. A numbr of sports customary on such occasion* had been got up, aud aliortly afterwards all pro ceeded to a paddock adjoining the hotel, whore the following events :uuk place : — One Hundred Yardp Handicap — First prize, writiug-dexk, J. Hogg; second, lCs. Oil., J. Uasnett. Hop, Step, and Jump — First prise, two books, S. J. Cross ; second, 5s, E. H.Lork. Running Long Jump First prize, album, T. A. Items ; second, &.flJ., S. J. Cross. Three Staudiag Jumps— First prize, iukataud and penholder, A. T. Chaudler ; second, 2s. 6d, T. A. lleoivs. Throwing Crickes Hall— First prize, uitHTsdmum pipe, E. D. Kocn ; 6ecotKl,4s. 6tl., T. A. Keevcs. ii(giitcr IlanOicap — First jiruo, Chambers's Enuyclo ju'dia (presented by the Manager), J. T. t'atterfon; second, lls 6il , U. Trickey. Ouc Mile AVulkiug Match — Fir«t prize, opura glass, J. Herron; second, 4*. 6d, K. Isoon. There were other sports ou the programme, such a- three-legged races ami ruuuiug ia sicks, bat a* tl;t« time was limited thny were adjourur J till some future day. Tho hour pppoiuteJ for dining was 3 o'clock, ntid the country air having sharpened the appetites of those prtseuc ample jr.stice was done to ti;e excellent dinner pro vided. After the cloth had been removed and the usual loyal toast* given by the Chairman, Mr. Butler proposed ' Tbe Lund wo Live in.' He remarked that he was greatly surprised on bis arriving here at the advanced state of affaiis, as there, were very vague ideas held by tbe Sriglish people oE the Australian Colonies in general. South Australia had ruado a name for herself by her excellent wheat and other products; and the visit of tbe Australian Cricketers to England would no doubt open the eyes of people there i J the growing iiuportanco of the antipodes. Mr. Carr responded. Mr. Cross then proposed 'Success to the Rigista ted Obitrvcr,' which was responded to by tha Chairman (Mr. G. L. Cooper) iu an interesting peech, in which ho detailed the rise and pro } ress of tne Iicgiatei; the various changes it htu* ?? ndcrgone, the raauy difficulties there were ia its .vay in the early aays of the colony, aud (Oruprtd the stall then to the number employed -n it at present. Several other toisu were proposed and responded to, intermingled with i oiigs, which were creditably sung. The toast ( f 'The Host,' which was responded to by Mr. Aldridge, concluded tbe evening's programme. About 8 o'clock the bunts started for town, which was reached shortly after 9, when all separated after a fine day's enjoyment. The late Mr. James Stewart.— Our obituary recently contained the name of this gentle- man, the only son of a well-known and much respected colonist, Mr. Alexander Stewart, of Woodlands, Morphett Vale. The deceased was a South Australian by birth, and his boyhood and early youth were spent, in the free life of the bush, at Moy Hall, in. the South-Eastern District. His education was begun at Portland, in Victoria, contiuued at St. Peter's College, and completed at Mr. Whinham's Grammar School, North Adelaide. After his marriage he resided for a few years on a sheepstation in Victoria. Having realized a handsome com- petency by its sale, ho purchased Hackham House, Morphett Vale, where he spent the remainder of his life, with the exception of a twelvemonth's visit to England. He sat in one Parliament as one of the members for Noarlunga, and took a leading part in carrying through the Assembly tbe Bill for the Kingston and Nar racoorte Railway. Failing to secure his return to the House at the next election he retired into private life, and of late years had been quite an invalid. His last seizure was somewhat sudden and unexpected. After a few hours of unconsciousness he breathed his last ou Sunday mornirg at 10 o'clock. His funeral took place on the following Monday, and was attended by & large and representative company of mourners, tbe Rev. J. Benny, of whose Church he was an elder, conducting divine service at the house. His remains were taken to the Scotch Cemetery and laid beside those of his first wife, by whom he had one daughter and three sons, all living ; and he also leaves a young widow and infant; daughter. Burglary at Salisbury.— No little stir was created in the town ship of Salisbury on Saturday March 8, by the intelligence that a ? burglar had been caught during the night in Ebbs and Judd's store, the proprietors of which live at some little distance from their place of busi ness. The offender, who proved to be well known in the neighbourhood, was safely lodged in the police cell, and the case was heard before Mestrs. J. Harvey and R. Verco J.P.'s, when the prisoner was committed to the Supreme Court. It appears that Mr. Lipson, of the Telegraph Office, on his way home at about 10.30 p.m., passing the store heard a noise as of glass breaking. He immediately obtained the assistance of Richard Loades and John Luadie and two of them watched the premise while the other went for Messrs. Ebbs & Judd. Upon their arrival they entered the place by the back and found the prisoner, Patrick Mulvehill, crouching under a showcase in the shop. The thief had entered through the front window, and the only things he had found time to appropriate were a purse from the showcase and a few shillings worth of small change from tbe till, which were found upon him by Police trooper Bushell. Whitb'8 Rooms.— The 'Mammoth Minstrels' must have been well satisfied with the crowded audience which was to be seen at White's Rooms on Saturday night, March 8. There was a change of programme, and although in one or two por tions of the bill the entertainment was somewhat monotonous the change was as a whole a very good one, and the various items were received -with applause or with roars of laughter accord* icg to whether the production was sentimental or comic The first part, besides containing some Bocga in which the voices of Meswa. Braham, Amery. Reid, and Hawkins were heard to advantage, wound np with a sketch called ?? Cheofluri,' which is the most outrageoui burlesque of the clasn that we have seen. Messrs. Cheevers and Kennedy did sot make a u chaDge' in their contribution, but the produc tion of ' Uncle Eph's Visit,' ' The Babes ia the Wood,' and 'The Pneumatic Eradicator' was new aa f ar as the present season is concerned. All of these pieces are of the usual absurd type. Mr. Vernon Reid saDg 'My pretty Jute' and Mr. Hawkins 'Sing, birdie, sing' ia the interval between the 'sketches,' both per formance*, but especially the Utter, going down well with the audience. The corner-men as usual were very entertaining. The bill will be repeated this evening. Tub Socth-Eaht.— From several stations (states the Border Watch) we bear report* of stock suffering severely from want of feed and water ; and there b no doubt if rain docs not c« me soon the losses will be very heavy. Already sheep are dying io considerable numbers, and iu- some cases tbe wat« holes are getting blocked up with their dead carcases. Fanners, too, are complaining of sc&ut; feed, and their biJJ k»T' stsck* are not likely to prove any too big by the I time spring comes. - I Ijwal— The Hon. C. Mann, Q C his tikfB^j j Mr. A. K. Whitby into partnership, and tWe i latter will represent the new firm at Jazaeatown. The Chuiesb Question at Post Adeludb — The advertised ?'alarming situation' of this question caused no little amusement to those present at the 'enthusiastic awakening of patriotism and anti-Chinese public indignation met ting by Mr. Judkins,' at Fort Adelaide, on Saturday afternoon, Murch 8. The gathering ?was called for 4 sharp, and although a small boy was employed ringing a handbell for over half en hour the number of persons assembled j-.t half past 4 round the table and chair mounted for the occasion on some logs adjoining the £ team tug Company's Office waa less thaa a t!czen. later on the number increased to about thirty, aany being there *? to see the fun.' At twf uty minutes to .5, Mr. Jadkins anuoanced that he expected some members of ths Labonr Lci:gne and othtrs down to speak on the mbjtet, upon which he had framed a resolution, which he then read, hat it would not be advisable to put it unless there was a properly organized meeting. Would any gentleman coa fttt te take the chaii? There was a lengthened pa use, during which Sir. Judkips went' in anu cut amongst the people beseeching some one to act as Chairman, but varied objections pre7ented ai-y one taking the post. AmoDgst a crowd o: labourers two were e o fervently engaged discus sing the subject that Sergeant Sullivan had to interfere to prevent blows being struck to decide 'the difference. Mr. Judkins, appreciating th« (i.icgcrsof 'an improperly orgauized meeting,' £S he described it, sttppsd onto the logs, and not having a Chairman or speakers, postponed if. Kapujida Hospital Bazaar. — For somt months past a number of ladies h?.ve been working diligently in preparing for the grand bazaar in aid of the Kspuuds Hospital. It was arranged that the ladies shiuld work in two divisions, Mrs. Morris taking charge cf the one and Mrs. Peacock of the other, and each division managed to make an excellent dispby. The ladies who worked with Mrs. Morris were Mesdames Nock, Wkeatly, G godchild, Girsed, ai.d Lit- ton, and Miis Morris; and with Mrs. Peacock, Mesdamcs Fotheringham, Small, Ihcmson, Elliott, Pomeroy, and McLachian. The bazaar took place ou Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, and the foregoing hdies, assi-itci by Missfs Blood, E. lleoner, Oldh-iai, and Abba ty presided at the stalls. The first day- tiikicgs reached £140, and the second day about ££?§. The bazaar was continued on Thursday, w ken a moderate trade was transacted. Bex ch of Maiisthaths. — The annual mwtiag i f the Bench of Magistrates will be held this n.oroing at the Police Court at 11 o'clock. Thb Hideabad. — Every effort, says th° JVtir Ztalanderol February 25, is being made to a^nin purcp the ship Hydrabad out, so a3 to get her higher on the beach, in order thai the remaining railway engines and plant can be got out of her. A steam-engine to work a centrifu gal pump is to be forwarded to her, and by this uueacs it is hoped the desired end will be achieved. As regards getting the ship off and bringing her to Wellington, there is very little hope, as she is heavily strained, hojged, and rivets started. We understand that on Thursday last she had eleven feet of water in Iier, and all her tackle, \rliicli had been keeping htr to seaward, parted. Crpnan Tt-iEGEASis. — It will be recollected that a shott ticie ago a deputation waited upon the Deputy Postmaster-General of Victoria utjecting cipher rates being charged for cable messages containing groups of figures. On the 1st the Secretary of the Victorian Chamber of Commerce received the following letter in reply: — 'With reference to the question re cently brought under the notice of the Hon. the Postmaster-General respecting cipher rates being charged for cable messages to Europe containing group* of figures, I am directed by Mr. Patterson to inform you that a telegram waa dispatched to Mr. Knevitt, agent of the Eastern Extession Telegraph Compiny, strongly urging that the course formerly allowed with regard to the telegrams referred to should be continued until an .opportunity was afforded to the persons concerned to arrange other coae.f, or until the meeting of the International Oon ferer.re, to be held in June next, and asking that it might be ascertained if any modification of the recent practice would be sinctiored, so that telegrams from Australia may at lease be -eit under as favourable conditions as telegrams iire forwarded from England. The PostaiaAter Gtneral is now informed that Mr. Knevitt his communicated with the Directors in London, and has received a reply from Sir James Ander son to thejeffect that the Telegraph Companies have been called upon by the Governments to e?rry out the rules of the convention. The Companies accept no messages at single rates containing figures unless the figures are declared by sender to be dates or quotations, and tlie colonies are only asked to adopt the same rule tor homeward traffic as is applied to outward traffic. I am to add that Mr. Knevitt proposes to visit Melbourne shortly, when an opportunity will be presented for entering further upon the consideration of this matter/' School at Mohgait.— Messra. James Johnson, R. H. Jones, J.P., and J. B. Gibbs were intri ? dnced to the Minister of Education (Hon. T. King) by Mr. James White, M.P., on Friday, March 7, as a deputation from Mcrgan, to urge the necessity for a school being buils there, and for a teacher being temporarily stationed there pending its tr«cticn. The matter had been mentioned 1* fore, and there were now in the township ninety children of school - going age, while tho surrounding neighbourhood would swell the number. Mr. King admitted that the case was a strong one, promised if the deputation could secure the use of a church which they mentioned for a temporary school a teacher should be at once dispatched to Morgan, and said that the ques tion of building a school would have to be con sidered at once. The deputation spoke ap provingly of the school site selected by the Government. Thb Khlit Tbacsbbs.— By the sa Alexandra, from Brisbane (says the Sydney Evening A'eics of March 4), Sub-Inspector Stanhope O'Connor, of the Queensland Native Police Force, and twelve black troopers arrived. Their destination is the border country, their determination being to, if possible, capture the Kelly gang. Mr. O'Con nor is one of the most experienced officers in the Queensland Native Force, and has always been selected for dangerous duty iu that colony from his known judgment and activity. The men he has brought with him are some of th pick of the force, are well accustomed to the most dangerous bush country in Australia, are all expert trackers, and most of them have seen active service under Mr. O'Connor. They will be dispatched with all possible haste to the haunts of the gang, and their future movement* will be left to the judgment of the officer in charge. Owing to some unaccountable circum stances Mr. O'Connor and his ' boys'' did not leave to-day, but will do so to-morrow morning, direct to the supposed locale of the Kelly gang. A Ghost Stoht. — The following strange affair is reported from MacDoncell Bay in the South Eastern Staroi March 7 :— ' An extraordinary supernatural occurrence which U said ta have taken place on the coast between here and fiivoli Bay is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Carrison have bean at work for some little time obtaining oil fratn the whale which was stranded on the beach. The otner day they were out shooting in the vicinity and did not return to their tenc till after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Carrison was loading his gun for a last shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in the direction from whence the sound proceeded he observed what appeared to be a man of rather unusually tall suture making towards him. Carrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object, and it appeared so weird and unearthly that his blood began to chill and Ms hair to bristle. On it came, and as it approached yelled again. Carrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight and left no trace behind. At the same instant Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from bis brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having his gun loaded and capped at the tinv^Sred. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot, and melted into thin air. The people here believe the ghost or ghosts ars those of some person or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen.' Shmthxcb CoirrmxEO.— The sentence (says the Border Watch) passed on the young mu John Fnser for furious riding and endangering the life of » child at Rosaville, near Mount Gambier, on New Tear's Day last, is not to be interfered with. The following official reply has been received to the petition sent to the Governor praying for a initiation of the sentence:— 'Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, February 27, 1879. Sir— I am directed by the Chief Secretary to inform you that the petition forwarded with your letter of the 27th nit has been duly laid before His Excellency the Governor, who declines to interfere with the «-nt«nce passed upon your brother John Eraser.- I have the honour .to be. Sir, your «k«2i«Tit servant, Fbkd. J. SakssbsOJT, Acting Ender Secretary.' 