The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, JULY 30, 1879. It is almost impossible to overrate the good which has been effected by the various organizations comprehended under the generic term Friendly Societies. The dis- trees which has been averted through their existence is greater than would be supposed by those who have aot given any amount of thought to the subject And while they have been of great service from a pecu niary point of view, they have also been of equal use in averting mental worry, and thus hastening the recovery of the afflicted; or, in the case of a fatal termination to sickness, have to Gome extent relieved the anxiety of the dying father with regard to the position in which he was about to leave bis widow and their offspring. For although the amount which is apportioned to a widow on the death of a husband is but a trifle com paratively speaking, still, having no doctor's bill to pay, and having- been in receipt of a small weekly income during the sickness of him over whom the tomb has closed, where ordinary economy has been exercised before the dark days come, that Bum, small though it be, has often proved sufficient to enable the bereaved one to make a start in life. And the fact of the husband having been a member of a Friendly Society has an influence in procuring for the widow some ameunt of support in the event of her starting in & small way of business, as the " brothers" will frequently, even at some inconvenience to themselves, give their patronage to her in preference to dealing with other persons. Thesa societies have, consequently, been of great service to the State, relieving it of the charge of numbers.who would otherwise have been dependent on .it for the means of living. Hey are therefore worthy of all recognition as doing a good work, and it should be the desire of every one to see that they are based on a sure foundation, and are not offering benefits altogether disproportioned to the amounts they are receiving as sub scriptions. These remarks have been suggested by a report which was recently laid before the Victorian Parliament by the Chief Secre tary with reference to the Friendly Societies of that colony. The report, which was prepared by Mr. J. B. Gregory, the Begistrar of Friendly Societies, is for the year 1878, and its statements point to the conclusion that some of the Victorian Societies are not in such a condition as to bear successfully any extraordinary strain i which might be put upon them, or to stand the test of time. This is a state of things which cannot be looked at calmly. The consequences of the collapse of some of these Societies would be so disastrous that if there is a remedy for it it should be at once applied. The report indicates that there is a remedy, and what it is will be stated further on. In the year 18/7 the Victorian Parliament passed an Act which came into force on the Ist of January, 1678, under which it was provided that a Registrar of Friendly Societies should be appointed, provision also being made for the appointment of an j Actuary, with the approval of the Governor in Council. Under this Act it became necessary in order to meet its requirement for many of the old Societies to adop amended codes and rules; and these, with one exception, have left the portion relating to contributions and benefits unrepealed, thus avoiding the embodiment of tables of contributions in their new rules, and as a consequence the production of an Aeloary'd certificate. And the report -shorn most conclusively that these tables are in many instances altogether at variance with the : principles on which such very important matters should be based. In the year 1855 an Actuary was ap pointed by the Government, to whom the tables of all Friendly Societies had to be submitted for approval, and whose certifi cate was. necessary before the Society could be registered. This gentleman (Mr. W. H. Archer) filled the office until 1874, and consequently daring that time has given a great number of certificates, which he cer tainly would not have granted had the circumstances of the colony at the time of their issue been as they are at the presen time, as will be readily inferred from the evidence be gave before the Royal Commie eion on Friendly Societies. In the first place he states in his evidence that as there was no table existing of the expectation of sickness founded on Victorian experience, he had generally assumed that there was not more than half the sickness there that was shown to be experienced in England; and in the second place he referred to the rate of interest in the colonies at the time he was speaking of, which ranged from 10 to 15 per cent. Having regard to these facto, it must ba very evident that unless there is a very great difference between the tables of these Societies and those of a similar character in Great Britain, the Societies whose tables were approved of under the peculiar cir cumetancei which formed the basis of Mr. Archer's calculations are not in a condition financially to inspire confidence in its members, and that an absolute necessity exists for a rearrangement by which eitbsr the amount of the weekly contributions of the members shall be increased, or a reduc tion shall be made in the payments in cases of sickness or death. It has been shown by a table of the expectation of acknes? recently issued from the Govern ment Statist's office, the materials for which were drawn from the experience of Vic torian Societies, that the sickness among the members of Friendly Societies of all ages below 60 is very little less than that in England. Then with regard to the rate of interest procurable some years since. Although Mr. Archer does not say that he based his calculations on 15 or even 10 per cent., still, having called the attention of the Committee to the fact that such rates prevailed when many of bis certificates were given, it is only reasonable to assume that he reckoned upon the Societies being able to obtain a much higher rate of interest for the money they put ouj on loan than is procurable now; for it ia shown from the statistics supplied to the Government Statist that the Friendly Societies in Victoria do not now obtain a greater percentage on the average than 4|> in fact, it does not quite touch that figure. These altered feature? in the sur rounding circumstances not having been met by counterbalancing emendations in the tables of the Societies affected mutt necessarily place them in a petition which is far from sound, and with these facts before diem it is the duty of die Legislature to take such steps as will place these organizations in such a position as shall give confidence in their stability, and, so far as legislation can do so, place them beyond the possibility of being at any time unable to meet their engage ments. The amount of misery which such an occurrence would cause, and the burden which it would throw on the State, are matters which need not be pointed to mote definitely than by merely mentioning them; they will at once strike the most casual observer. There is still another reason for doubting the stability of many of these Friendly Societies, and that is that up to the present time they have had an undue proportion of young members; but this will alter as the colony grows older, and the proportion of old members will natu rally increase. When this has gone on until the Societies number among their members an undue proportion of old men the test-of stability will corns. And if this be waited for before the remedy is applied the cure will be more difficult to effect ■ The remedy which has been proposed for the existing state of things is that all Friendly Societies should be compelled to submit their tables to an Actuary approved , by the Governor in Council for hia report, j and that it should be incumbent on them to print the report of the Actuary with their rules. This is the recommendation of Mr. J. M-Templeton, the present Actuary, in the evidence he gave before the Royal Coxa mission. This suggestion has much to commend it, bnt the importance of the case requires more than this. The principles on which many of the existing Friendly Socie ties are conducted are so well-known that many of the people who join never trouble themselves about the rules, and do not see them until after they have become members. The Societies should be com pelled to have copies of the report printed, and these should be procurable free of cost, or at a nominal charge sufficient to cover the cost of printing only; then a person contemplating joining could easily select the Society which was most favorably re ported on. The effect of this would be that the bodies unfavorably reported on would speedily be compelled from lack of support to rearrange their tables so as to secure a good position in the eyes of the public, and besides this, a sort of com petitive rivalry would be established be tween the different institutions, whose managers would be anxious to show that they were financially sound, and that they rested on a sure foundation. It may be said—Why take steps to protect a man who will not be at the trouble of procuring a copy of the rules of a Society to ascer tain its position before joining ? But it is not only protecting the man; it is protecting the State as welL IF any number of these institutions failed, the result would be to throw a burden on the State, as many who now tide over the time of sickness or death by their aid would be driven to seek help from the Government if the source from whence they have depended upon drawing their supplies should fail them at a critical time. We have no desire to take up the role of alarmists, or to cause any excite ment by directing attention to the position of Benefit Societies in this colony; but it has frequently been asserted (hat some of them are not established on right prin ciples, and that in time the truth of this will assert itself in an unpleasant way. To avoid any doubt on the matter, or to correct errors where they have been made, would it not be advisable to have an Act passed wifAjng it-compulsory for these institutions to submit their tables to an approved Actuary for inspection, and to publish, his report thereon as indicated above? The framing of snch a regulation could do no harm, and it might be the means of doing a vast amount of good. In another column appears a copy of the agreement between the Treasurer and the Associated Banks relative' to the manage ment of the next loan, and advances to be made by the Banks prior to the issue of the bonds. The Government in this arrange ment have taken precautions against being obliged to rush the debentures into the market at an unfavorable time, and so injure the credit of the colony. The Treasurer will be kept in funds for nine months, and during that period will be able to take advaniaga of the most favor able opportunity for borrowingof the Kngliah capitalists. Between now and the 30th April, 1880, the Banks undertake to famish funds in stated sums to the total amount of £800,000. Debentures to the valce of £2,000,000 are to be sent home by the August mail to the Chairman of the con tracting Banks in London. The Govern ment will fix the minimum at which the loan is to be oSered, provided it is not offered before the 30th April of next year. If the Government have not sold the de bentures prior to that date, or made other arrangements for repayment of advances, the Banks may sell, at the best price ob tainable, bonds sufficient in amount to recoup themselves. The Government reserve the right to issue further bonds to the amount of the loans already autho rised. The Banks are to be allowed 10s. per cent commission for floating the loans authorised, and on the additional bonds an equal rate. The Government will also pay brokerage, and for advertise ments, telegrams, &c.; The Banks' advance to the Government is to bear interest at the rate of £1 per cent, above the Bank of England minimum rate of discount, and on moneys in band from the Bale of debentures the Banks trill pay £1 per cent, interest below the Bank of England minimnm ra te of discount. A debate arose in Parliament on Tuesday on the motion for the pro duction of this agreement. Last week the Treasurer said he thought it would be undesirable in the interests of the country to publish it to the world. Mr. Bray,how ever, took a different view, and after con sideration the Government resolved not to oppose his motion for laying a copy of the agreement on the table of the House. Of course- this compliance was made by pro nounced Oppositionists a ground of attack upon the Ministry, who were accused of vacillation, weakness, and setting a bad constitutional precedent. The defence was that although it would have been better if such a motion had not been introduced, yet so much was said about the arrangement that for fear it should be suggested that the Government were really afraid to dis close their bargain they would produce a copy of the agreement as the least of two evils. Perhaps a stronger justification for yielding would be found in the fact that as most or all of the important details had oozed out it was preferable to have an authenticated publication ix the contract. To-day tbe foundation-stone of the Uni versity of Adelaide will be laid by His Excellency, and doubtless A Idrge gatharing will be attracted by this event in the educa tional history of South Australia. The importance of the occasion will be recog nised by the adjournment of Parliament, in order that the members of both branches of the Legislature may be present, and the attendance of members of the Civil Service in their official costume will assist to give the affair the character of a State cere monial. These features of the afternoon's proceedings, however, may betaken merely as external signs of the value which the friends of education in its higher developments attach to the establishment of the University; and to each step of its progress. It has been thought that the colony with its small population was hardly ripe forsuch an institution; but the muni ficent endowments of Mr. W. W. Hughes and Sir Thomas Elder started the Univer sity on a strong basis; and other liberal donations, together with die aid of the Government} nave given the assurance of success. Still further help will be welcome, and itmayfabiy be hoped that the good examples that have been set by some of our leading colonists will be followed by others who can afford, out of the wealth they have accumulated in the colony, to contribute liberally towards the advancement of its best interetta. Itis an object well worth striving for to place within the reach of South Aus^ tralian youths of talent and honorable ambition the means of acquiring' knowledge in its highest and most useful forms. We have just recorded a liberal donation from a successful colonist, who after a long ab sence is now on a visit to Adelaide, and it baa been wisely suggested that it will be well this afternoon, following a time honored and excellent custom, for those liberally inclined, and possessing the where withal to be liberal, to place their offerings upon the foundation- stone. In all proba bility if this idea is acted upon a consider able amount will be subscribed. The rainfall between 9 a.mrtm Mondsr and the same hour on Xnssdsr *s registered as follows:—Eocla, 0.030. Mr. Jacobi, Mayor of Yarketown, who keeps a record ot tie rainfall «t that pUse, tt=u&£4ar *- •^"^ There ib now on view ax the Chamber of Manufacture*, Waymouth-street, a bottle^ gourd grown by Mr. O. White, of Fulham. from seed obtained from the Holy Laud. The gourd in shape resembles a carafe with a bog neck. - The shearing season may be said to have fairly begun with the departure from Adelaide^ on Monday of. two larg? parties «r shearers foe: Kinchiga on the Darling and Meant Gippsis. the North-East. Toe men, namberieg between sixty and seventy, were engaged and despatcaed' by Mr. W. R. Hunt. The number of persons who arrived at Fort Adelaide by «ea daring the week tint ended on Saturday, July 26. was 61. 54 of whom canie from Melbourne, 6 from London, 1 boa Mauritius, and 1 from Torquay. Xbe i"mbw who left by similar means and daring the sam* period wn 106. Of tfaeee7B weref or Melbourne, 0 for Sydney, S for Anekland,' 10 for King George 7* Sound, 4 for Mats?, end 8 for Guam. The. annual meeting ef the Chamber of Manufactures took place on Tuesday afternoon. There was a large attendance ot£inembers. fflt report sbowed that useful work bad been accom plished by the Chamber during the put Tear, and that financially that body is in a good poo tkm. Doripg the meeting great «trea was laid on the desirableness of greater eneoaragement being given to local manufacturers by the Go vernment in the matter of contracts for public works. The following is Tuesday morning1* weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:-Beltana, HJt, light, dear, fine; Farina, Mi, Jight, dear, fine, cool; Strangways Springs. &X;, fresh, clear, fine; Feake, KJs.,light,ok«,fine; Charlotte Waters, S.E, light, aear, fine; Alice Springs, calm, clear, fine; Barrow Creek, SJB., light,fresh,cks«; fine • TVmtijnt f!?if«?|f t ff H _ CT l< wl l ? Tl .^ T | CTr fi nT - PoweU Creek, B.K, fresh, clear, fine, cool; Daly Waters, SJt, light, clear, fine, cold; Katfaerine, calm, dear, fine, cold ; Pine Greek, calm, olear. fine, cool; Tarn Cheek andSotrtb port,&£.,strong,clear,fine, warm; Port Da rwin, SJL, light, dear, fine, cod. The. edvisabldness of establishing a Club in connection with the Press of this colony was considered at a meeting held at the Torrid Hotel on Tuesday evening, July 29. There was a large attendance of members of the Brass, and it nwjiiefl to be the unanimous desire at those present that a Crab ehonld be started as soon as possible. Mr. J. M. Day, who occupied the chair, remarked that it was evident from the number of gentlemen present that evening that* Press Ohrb whenonoe established would prove ? auecees. A Committee consiitiag of Messrs. T. W. Harris, J. L Bonytbon, F. Davis, H. Cargill, and J. O. F. Johnson was appointed to take the necessary action to form a Press Club, with power to add to its number. The report of a Teasel being on shore near West Cape Banks, which was made by die officers and crew of the Penola last Friday, proved incorrect. It is difficult to understand hew such a grave mistake could have bees made, involving as it did great expense and hardship. Captain Brimage. the Harbor-Master at Port KacDonneD,wnen be heard the report, at once telegraphed to toe-President of the Marine Board for instructions, and was ordered to proceed to the scene of she accident witfi the rocket apparatus. This was at once done,and although a start was not effected until 4 o'clock twenty miles of rough coast were searched by 6 o'clock that night. When the beach had been thoroughly examined for twenty-five miles. Captain Brimage gave orders to the man to retnm. During the -voyage of the Patina from toadon one of the youngsters on board was lost under most painful cireimisl.aiwp^. TheT?sselfaad been for several days baffled by head winds, but on June 30, when in latitude 4?, longitude 80% there was a chance of wind, which gave her a good slant,and she was heading.away on her course at 13 knots an hour with all plain sail set. Daring the middle watch it was foand necessary to take in the forerqyal, and tbs safl being clewed op, a boy named Charles tisadats ;; As the V etoel**?ed through the water the helmsman1 bagi "*? cry of the youngster as be rose in the waaa of the vessel, for he had faQen from tbe giddy height and was fast driftmgastern. There was not the slightest prospect ot a rescue, a? it was impossible to let the ship come to the wind under such a press ef canvas with to high a sea running. It is intended to test die Echnngs dis trict as to whether it really is a diamond field. Captain Warren, of Yorke'e Peninsula, and more recently of New Caledonia, has *?fcfi out several claims with the idea of «w??i?> ff both for diamonds and gold. He *hinfc« {■*?«* bj means of the dressing appliances, somewhat modified, of the copper mines he could test a very Oarge quantity of stuff, and Oat the gold which should be obtained in this way ought to pay That the diggers on the field have not hitherto fomul any large number of J?««nm.a T proves nothing. Jttey were searching for golaV and not for diamonds, and it is quite possSMe that they may have thrown them away in the dirt taken out of the holes. Testing the district in the manner suggested will not cost a large amount of money, and iti proposed to form a Company to raise the requisite sum. On Monday, July 28, the Bey. Patrick Kehoe, 8.0. clergyman, died at Fenola. "Ibis sad occurrence way says a correspondent, "cast a gloom over the Catholic com munity, and cause bitter grief to those amoag whom the deceased young priest labored so briefly bat so well. Only a few yean ago—in 1872—he was ordained priest at AB Hallows' College, Onblin, and since that time baa de voted himself unsparingly to the services of the Church in South Australia. He spent four years in active work among the CatTiolics of Adelaide, made frequent missior^ry visits through the districts of Port Liroin and Port Augusta, and had charge for tbo last two years of the Penola mission. This announcement of his premature death, the result we are informed of a late accident, will be received wherever the , deceased priest has labored—throughout the length and breadth of South Australia—with deep sorrow." The Engineer of Harbors and Jetties, reporting to the Assembly with reference to tha Kingston and Bivoli Bay Jetties, says.—'-In complying with the terms of Mr. Hs&ningis; motion, I have the honor to forward plans and copy of specification of Kingston and Bivoli Bay Piers, as prepared by Mr. Ohee*ewright, agent for Wells Bros, as well as the drawings made by me, showing some alterations in detail. It will be noticed that the general plan and section prepared by me is an exact copy of Mr. Cheesewrightfs. The alterations in detail were made became I did not consider Mr. Cheese writht'e plan strong enough to carry a locomo tive. I also furnish a plan of Kingston Station yard. The actoal difference of level between the jetty platform aad the rails where she jmto tion will be is 9 inches in a distance of 462 feet, giving a gradient of 1 in 616 down to the jetty. 1 may add that the level of the jetty was faxed by the level of high water, quite irrespective of the railway, but which would in any case have to be governed by that of the jetty.* A large number of gentlemen connected with the Fress of Adelaide assembled at the Imperial Hotel, King William-street, on Toes day evening, July 2fl, for the purpose of bidding farewell to Mr. J. W. Roberta, who is leaving ibe Register to take a position on the literary staff of the Melbourne Argus. Mr. Roberts has been in Adelaide about eighteen monfiu, and during that time has made many friends not only among members of the literary profession bat outside of it. His health was proposed by Mr. J. H. Finlavson, one of the JUgiker pro prietors, in eulogistic terms, and the toast was drank with cheers. Mr.Boberts responding in suitable terms. The wannest wishes were ex pressed for Mr. Bobertsfc sneeess in bis new sphere of duty, to which he proceeds with the satisfaction of knowing that he has won the esteem of all with whom he has been brought into contact during his comparatively short stay in tbis city. Mr. Roberts proposed " The Press of South Australia," to which toast Mr. S. K. Th«mas responded <m behalf of tbe Register, and Mr. J. t,. Bonython for tie Adtertiser. Mr. Steiner, the silvermith, of Handle street,faasnowinhandapieeeofworkmaashipthat will add to the fame of his establishment aad help to sustain the credit of South Australia a* tbe Sydney Exhibition. It will be remembered that the volunteer officers whe fired in a rooent match at Dry Creek resolved that a trophy should be subscribed for, which should be a prise to be competed for annually, and that it should take the form of the famous Blcho shield. Mr. Steiner has'not only furnished a design for the trophy, but his workmen are now engaged in its construction. It will cost about a hundred guineas, will be larger than the Eiebo shield, i eing about 28 inches by 21 inches, and will be - a very handsome specimen ot tbe silversmith's | rt. The shield will bear the City of Adelaide, «i??wi& a representation of the new colon that were recently presented to the -VDlmsteen, and will hare a riband or scroll at loot, upon which will be inscribed a suitable motto. AH the scroll work will be raised and massive, and the trophy will be well worthy ot its destination in the Town Hall, where it will be deposited after the Exhibition ia brought to • CIOM. The Port Augusta Dispatch of July 2-5 says;—" Doring the rain on Wednesday and Wednesday night the temperature was ex. oeediailylow.and it was remarked by several persoas that it waa cold enough for anow. This wa? [found to be literally true, for yesterday lw"ryiffg the snow was seen lying on Mount Brown and the adjoining hill*, not in small catches, bat in large masses, which reached far do*? towards the foot of the hills, one of the most prominent hills to the south of Mount Brown •bowing an unbroken expanse of snow at least a mile in length, and covering the whole . aouth-wttftern stops as far as the hill was | visible. This was te be seen Tery clearly up to about; half-past 7 o'clock, after which the hills were wreathed in a white fog, which made it difficult to distinguish the snow from th vapor. Both Mount Arden and Mount Re markable presented the same Alpine appearance, the snow ~m?i?iiiifl on each of them until far on in the day. Snow has been previously seen en a few occasions on the top of Mount Brown, but never since the country has been settled by ! white men has it been seen in such quantities as j yesterday." j The following return of all cases in the Supreme Court en which jndgments had not been .pronounced tip to July 2, 1870, showing the interval of time which bad elapsed since the last stage of each such case and the reason of the d*!ay between the hearing and judgment, lias been laid before the Assembly:—l. Hit grave and Another v. Browne; the date of last stage October 13. 1878. This was an Equity ■nit heard by His Honor the Chief Justice during the absence on leave of His Honor the Primary Judge, and His Honor the Chief Justice required time to consider his judgment. 3\. Rutherford v. Darwent and Others; date of last stage November 14, 1878, date of judgment July 3*, 1879. This snit was heard before His Honor the Primary Judge, and the hearing on further consideration was be fore His Honor the Chief Justice daring the absence on leave of His Honor the Primary Judge, and His Honor the Chief Justice re quired time to consider his judgment. 3 and 4. The Queen v. Roach, date of last stage Jane IS, 1879, date of judgment July 23,1879 ; Simons v. Habicfa, date of last stages Jane 16, 1879, and Jane 25. 1879, respectively, date of judgments July 22, 1879. These were arguments on rules nut for new trials or to vary verdicts given, and their Honor the Jo^ges required time to con rider their judgments. 5. Dobson v. Dobson, date of last stage July 2, 1879, date of judg anentjuty 33,1879. This was an Equity appeJ, ■ltd their Honors the Judges required time to consider their jadgment The half-yearly meeting of the share holders of the Adelaide Steamtag Company was held at the office of the Company, on Tues day morning, July 29. There ware 15 share holders present, representing 7,000 shares. Sir T. Elder occupied the chair, and moved the adoption of the balance-sheet, which showed a profit on the half-year's operations of £3,936 17s. sd. The Directors proposed to appropriate that amount as follows: —£2,2so representing a dividend of 4s. od. per share; £lflOO to be carried to the renewal and depreciation account, and £663175. sd. to be carried forward to the next half-year's operations. Darin; the past batf-year the Adelaide had been laid up instead of the Yatala, on the recommenda tion of the surveyor, as her machinery was more dpensive than that of the Utter boat. The Chairman observed that the only additional in formation the Directors considered necessary to lay before the shareholders was the last clause of the Auditors' report, vis —" That the past half-year's operations exhibited an increase of £130 Ss. lid. on the earnings, and a decrease of £328 lls. lOd. in the expenditure, showing a result of £456 17s. 9d. better than that of the preceding half-year. The total result was better by £1,061165. Id. than that of the cor responding half-year in 1878." The adoption of the balance-sheet was seconded by Mr. D. Bower,HVP., and carried. In reply to a question asked by Mr. Bower, Mr. W^H. Ohamock, J.P •aid W contract had been made befcwe^, OrientSteamshipCompanyandthe'j; a g0 1)m j >M1 y **/&*s£&•' ?a Mr. "^Loran. were deputed to sign the sninutes of *^"> meeting on *W"m^ of the share holders, and Mr. J. Neill was reappointed Auditor. The following particulars of a suicide Under peculiar circumstances are taken from the Melbourne Argus of July 36:—"News has been received from Qoeonseliff of the suicide of -a «?m?« attached to the ship City of Bombay having taken place on Taesdiy night last. The act, it will appear, was not done on the impulse of the moment, bat had been premeditated for some weeks past. On the 23rd Jane deceased, who haft given the name of John Wilson prior to joining the -vessel at lAverpool, was charged at the WilHamstown Police Court with being absent without leave. The only evidence given againet-him was that he had left off work at ten minutes to sin the evening, and gone on shore, where he was followed by the chief officer and given into custody. On the following morning the Magistrates did not consider the case proved, and discharged deceased. Fire days afterwards, namely, on the 28th Jane, he was again placed in the dock, under the name of John Welsh, charged with disobeying the la wf al commands «f the captain. In his defence he stated the vestment he received on board was such that he did *ot attend to remain in her, and would rather destroy himself than go hotae in the vessel. The presiding Magistrate considered the charged proved, and sentenced him to two week*' imprisonment with hard labor. Before the expiration of the tame, however, the vessel was ready for sea, and the captain had deceased put on board. After some few days severe weather outside the Heads was encountered, and a deal of canvas bang lost, the ship had to return to port fee fresh sails. While in port deceased was often heard to tell his shipmates that he did not intend to leave the bay in the vessel this time. Everything being repaired satisfac torily, the ship left the bay on Monday last, and anchored off the West Channel lightship at Qoeensdiff. While there deceased was noticed lo be very restless in his manner, and was care tolly watched. Jost prior to the vessel raising sector on Tuesday last deceased deliberately wished all good-by and jumped overboard abaft the archer chains, which he must have fallen against and received seme severe injuries, as he was heerd to moan immediately the splash in in the water had taken place. Every assistance was rendered to find deceased, but without avail, end the City of Bombay proceeded through the Heads early next morning with the flag half-mast. Deceased was only 27 years of age, ami described as a native of Scotland, -unmarried. The Minister of Education (Hon. T. King), the Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. .Hartley), Mr. Darling, M P., and Mr. Oavenagh, *f,P, visited Salisbury on Monday last, for the purpose of inspecting the school and enquiring into statements made by a deputation which recently waited upon the Minister of Education relative to the insufficiency of the accommodation provided by the existing school building. The visitors were met at Salisbury by about 20 of the leading residents, and immediately con ducted to the school, which was built for 120 children. It was found that 153 were in atten dance—that number comprising all the children but three on the roll—and that the crowded state of the rooms necessitated the in atruction of a number of children in the lobby, much to their discomfort and the .inconvenienea of the teacher. Mr. Vereo subsequently brought the requirements of toe district before the Minister in a formal manner, expressing s hope that his inspection of the school bad convinced hin of the reason ableness of the request which had been made by the deputation a few days previously. The Rev. Mr. Ferguson, in the course of a few remarks upon the Mine subject, suggested that the Government should consider the advisable arss of affiliating the country institutes with the schools. The local representations were strongly supported by Metars. Darling and Oavenagh, the members Jar the district, who also explained to the satisfaction ef their audience the cause of then- noMitendanee with the deputation, and «poke in highly complimentary terms of the success attending the efforts of the school zcaster, Mr. Wicber. The Minister, in replying to the observations ef the residents, said he 'was perfectly satisfied of the neeearity for in creased aceoensaodation, and would promise that the school should be enlarged ao as to per mit of 200 children being instructed there, and that the matter should be placed in the bands of the AreUtest-ia-Gbief at once, so that the existing uiinsmaniwiw might be removed be fore the iot weather. At the request of the Minister the children were given a half holiday. The residents of Salisbury also brought sneer the notice of the Minister the suitability of that place as a sit) for the now railway workshops, land being plentiful sad cheap, and there being an unlimited anpply of some of the belt water to be found on the line for locomotive purposes. Hr. King explained that this question did not come within the department he represented, and suggested that a deputation should wait upon the Commissioner of Public Works. The Minister and his friends subsequently visited the Bmitbfield School, where a comparatively small attendance was discovered, there being only forty-three children present. " We have just had brought under our notice," says the Kapmia Herald, "what appears to us to be a most absurd and illiberal interpretation of the Land Act now in force, the effect ot which is not to encourage but to retard settlement. The facts are briefly these :— A local firm were about to put in an application for two contiguous blocks of land, containing together rather less than l£oo acres, under the substituted residence clauses of the Act; but on proceeding to fill up the application and the declaration attached thereto they found that the Utter was drawn in the singular person, and that amongst other things it included a declaration that no ether person was directly or indirectly interested with the applicant in the land applied for. This, of course, put a stop to either member of the firm applying for the land in his own name, as the required declara tion cxmld not have been conscientiously made. Therefore|the application was made by the firm as such, and the declaration altered accordingly, ' We1 being substituted for'l,' and avowing that no other person save the applicants had any direct or indirect interest in the land applied for. Knowing that a certain amount of rei tapism pervades the administration of the laws, oce member of the firm took the precaution to go to town and see the Surveyor-General before putting in the application. That gentleman saw the reasonableness of the request; and remarking that he did not see that firms should have less rights than individuals, said ' ! he would give instructions that the application should be received—he at once seeing, as pointed out to him by one party to the applica tion, that it was quite possible to work the land more economically and satisfactorily if the ap plication were treated as one than if the two blocks were taken np by the two members of the firm separately. The application was put in, but the clerk whose iatj it is to open at noon each day the box in which the applications are lodged proposed to reject it as informal; for, said he, in ease of default whom could the Crown sne? Of course the answer to this is they could me the members of the firm jointly or severally, so that they would really be in a better position than if dealing with one indi vidual only. However, on being informed that the Surveyor-General had given instructions to that effect he received the application eondi tiocaljy. and on the following day the applicants were informed that the matter bad been re ferred to the Law Officers for their opinion. The application was made on the 11th; on Friday last, the 24th, a letter was received by the firm from the Surveyor-General, stating that the Commissioner of Grown Lands had re fused the application on the ground that it was contrary to the spirit of the Consolidated Land Act that two persons should hold land under one agreement.'' The half-yearly meeting of the Hamley Mining Comnany took place in White's Arbitra tion Boom on Tuesday morning, July 29. There were shareholders present representing by person or by proxy 1^217 shares; and Mr. D. Bower. M.P., Chairman of Directors, presided. The Directors reported that they had been com pelled, owing to the continued low price of copper, to make reductions in the workings and expenditure, keeping in view, however, the creation of reserves of ore. Captain Cowling's report for the half-year was annexed. Toe balance-sheet showed that the value of (he assets, exclusive of the Company's mining pro perty ana plant, was £2,059 lls. 46L, and that the indebtedness of the Company amounted -to £1,236 18s. 6d. The Chan-man, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said the report which had been placed before the shareholders was not a very compre hensive one, because there was nothing startling to record. At the last meeting the Directors felt it their duty to curtail the working ex penses, at the same tame, however, keeping the mine going in such a manner that if the price of copper should rise, a good deal of ore could be easily taken oat. The expenses had been greatly curtailed by redaction of the number of men employed on the mine. Before the Directors began to cat down the expenditure there were 180 men, and now there were only about 12§ men working. The mine was only being worked at Bedjome's lode and at the eastern lode. At the tttsT p'lce there were sine men working op tribute. The result of this economical working of the mine was that the Company waa able to pay its way, and that there was a earn of £822 to its credit. The Directors would be glad to see the copper market improve, and if it did they had the satisfaction of knowing that the mine would be in such a state that they could take out large quantities of ore at the shortest notice. Mr. J. Porter seconded the motion, but said he woaM like to see the expenses of the mine reduced •tfll further. He thought thirty men would be enough to employ to keep the mine dry and in proper order for the re sumption «f operations. The Chairman said the mine was being worked very economically at present, and in such a manner that if the prioe of ore was to go up the share holders could have a dividend at once. Mr. J. Cherry asked if the Directors woe impressed with the idea that there was any immediate prospect of the priceof copper rising. The Chair man said the Directors would like to be im pressed with that idea. Mr. Cfterry remarked that the present depression looked as if it were going to continue for many yean. The expenses of the mine should therefore be curtailed to the lowest possible itmif., The poor riinrfth^MA*** ought to be considered as well as the winfm, Captain France suggested that it would be better to sink No. 2 shaft instead of driving the levels north and south at -the 75. This suggestion was ap proved of by the shareholders present and the Directors. The motion was carried, and the meeting terminated. The annual meeting of the Mercantile Marine Insurance Company is to be held at the office, Universal Buildings, at noon to-day. A meeting of the-shareholders in the Hindmanh Tramway Company is to be held at White's Arbitration Boom this afternoon. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be held at 2 o'clock to-day instead of 3 o'clock, on.accountof the laying of the foundation-stone of the Adelaide University. We have received from the author, the hey. J. A. Dowie, a copy of a pamphlet entitled " The Drama, the Press, and the Pulpit," being a report of two lectures delivered by that gt>iitienan at the Theatre Eoyal, Sydney, in Mai cb but. A meet of the hounds is to take place at tie Britannia at 8.30 o'clock this morning. There was a fair attendance at White's Booms on Tuesday evening to witness D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment. The entertain ment contains some amusing scenes, which were provocative of no Blight amount of amusement. Tenders for the booths at the forth coming Newmarket Bace Meeting will be re ceived by Mr. Barnard np till 4 pan. to-day. Sheet Anchor and Sleight-of-hand have been scratched for the Steeplechase and First Water for the Flutter. With reference to the paragraph in our issue ci the 26th instant, stating that the enter tainment to be given in the Town HaU on the Duke of Edinburgh's Birthday was " in celebra tion of the birthday of Daniel O'ConneU," we are authorised to state that the entertainment to which His Excellency's patronage is given is in aid of the Young Ken's Library Boom ad joining St. Francis Xavierfe Hall, and has no reference whatever to the celebration of the birthday of Daniel O'Oonnell. There was a fair house at the Theatre j BcjalonTuesdayevening l when aAino?Glarke" j was again placed on the boards, but not nearly { so large a one as the merits of the play and the performance deserved. The highly finished acting *f Mr. George Bignold in the title role, and of Miss Watt- Tanner as Mildred Vanghan, j won the hearty applause of the audience. The other characters were were filled by the members of the company. Especially com mendable were Mr. w. J. Holloway, who received deserved approbation for bis clever rendering of the part of the old baronet, Sir Bobert Clavering; Mr. Martin, who was excellent in the small character of Sir Simon Clavering, and. Mr. Owen, who eansed much amusement as the hedge priest, Abraham Bradley. "Amos Clarke" will be repeated to night. 