UNDER WHICH LORD?* BY E. LTNN LINTON. CHAPTER XXXIII. THE DAT OF TKIDMPH. Condemned as a soft, foolish thing not tit for her place nor worthy of the good stnff she had by the men who loved her husband, and who regarded Hermione's choice much as Hamlet held bis mother's : - Indignantly wondered at by Mrs. Nesbitt, who failed to recognise her old friend in this new presenta tion, and who refused to accept any other alternative but " mad or bad -By virtne of his manhood more tenderly judged by Rin grove, who not only saw Virginia in her mother and Richard in his wife, but who honestly loved Hermione for herself-and yet, though he loved her well and judged her tenderly, he could do nothing stronger for her than apologise and throw the blame of the " first hand" ton the vicarThe object of confused displeasure on the part of Lady Maine, who, jubilant at the atheist's over throw, yet thinking the papist who had dismounted him every whit as abominable, was unwilling that Mr. Fullerton, infamous as he was, should be scourged by those who themselves deserved the lashHeld by Mr. Lascelles as his creature and his conquest, ranked as so much pecuniary gain to the Church, to be quietly let drop when exhausted Despised by Edith Everett for her weakness-aa if feminine weakness has not been the universal pabulum of spiritual dominators in all times and all climes!-and her Ritualism laughed at, for all that she herself, clear and far-sighted, had joined the extreme section of the party; but then Edith Everfett knew what she was about, and Her mione did not: - Compassionated only by ThereBa, who once had feared, but who now, with the keen flair of the dying, knew that since the clever widow had come to Cross holme that beloved priest of theirs had ceased to care for either of his favourite penitents as he used formerly, and that she in her owix person, destroyed by obedience, burnt up by love, was now only a trouble and an embar rassment Held by all as criminally attached to Mr. Lascelles, aha therefore insincere in her conversion and infinitely blameworthy all roundthis was the network ol com mentary ,and condemnation that Hermione bad woven about her name by what was, after all, only the righteous logic of her prin ciples. Granting those principles true, neither she nor Mr. LasceUes nor yet Edith Everett was to blame for what had been dohe. Ab the egg BO the chick; and the chick is n6t in fault. An eagle chips his shell here, a vulture straggles into light there, and kites are hatched by brooding mothers as well as doves and nightingales. It is by the direct-action of that brooding mother what kind of creature is added to the forces of life; but,it al} depends on-mith what kind of ejgg lie chooses ahall be hatched.1 If he has a fancy 'fot kites fendvifltureB; he cannot expectto siave his' lambs and'dmSc lings. ?' - .."! * On one" point, however, Mr. Lafecelles was' sedulously carefulHermioiie m,ust not be allowed to feel the chill breath cSpnlflic dis favour. . She most be surrounded'toO ttosfely1 by the clerical choruB bound tp sititf her praises, for a <lidtt>rdant.nbte to be nftu4; above their lpuder melteUeav The Tapping of the tom-tom tatMhe it)toxi<&ti6hof;«rUg8 and incense muM go db till thfet volantta? suttee was completed tfnd *#e wealthy vietM -widow of lovel-i- hft^"no $bre' tongtVei.-' Until that honr Shotuacowane waa not to be given' time to, think; carried ont his design- The Abbe? .was like aRoqiati seminary for All the priests tad brothftraind'' fathers who BwarmedthetoateMhdtlrt, like locusts fluttering ^own bn a J^eeneoijififeld; and even at nigfit no d&Agtoro;(t0'BQlilttB#^tia allowed. Edith Everett slefrt ift hefc xtitfm, under pretence of kindtp igaardiabsKp; Ana booLs %yhereinP th^'ChlirOh'' spoken of as tke -Great Mofckei 'w : arow all Bins atod t«6rrb*wf 1*W'Yaaah don.ed, 4nfl '? in-'- wtwwe' . SHV »t^w« v« Wmillltfin b'u been paroh# tnl^eknr ?*? could be committed when the action waa of holy intent Her debts, too, which were really the most important matters in Her mione's present life, were not suffered to press on her^ Mr. Lascelles undertook to settle them, if dear Mrs. Fullerton would be guided by him; and dear Mia. Fullerton, naturally enough, was guided by, him. She was unable to cope with difficulties of any kind, but pecuniary difficulties were so many algebraic problems, which no amount of figures set down on paper could make clear to her. So the vicar, who was anxious to bq able to say in his discourse on the day of the opening.of the church that not a fraction of debt encumbered the building, put the affair into the hands of his own lawyer, raised a considerable sum of money on mortgage, paid off all that was owing to the last farthing,and then told Hermione that she had so much to the good in the bank. It was a piece of charming' legerdemain to the pretty woman who could not calculate something like that mysterious fructification of old time, when an item had been put down twice over, and the pounds had multiplied to that extent; and she expressed her gratitude as warmly as if the priest had made her a present of the whole sum. To her mind* indeed, he had. Edith Everett, too, praised dear Superior for what he had done so warmly and inces santly that Hermione was almost bankrupt in gratitude, and could not be sufficient]* sweet and humble, "So kind! BO generous!" she said twenty times a day; ana the clever widow now led and now echoed her. Meanwhile the two pious confederates had no scruple in thus misleading their dupe. It was not for themselves but for the church ; and for her even exploitation and eacroquerie were lawfuL The opening of the church was cloBe at hand now; but before the day really came the vicar n&d; one or two things to do. For one, he had to scatter the band, if he could, now that the leader had been discomfited. Acting on the information given him by Adam Bell, and by nature one of those who never forgive, he had Tom Moorhead up before the . magistrates, at Starton to answer to the charge of using threatening language and inciting to a breach of the peace. By a refinement of cruelty, all the men of Richard's special fol lowing were made to give evidence against their comrade, and Tom, whose personal recognisances were refused, and who on his Eart declined to let his friends go bail for im, was marched off to the lock-up as. a dangerous character best out of the way. From that moment the blacksmith was a ruined man, in conduct, character, and estate; and Adam Bell's chances with pretty Janet were not so desperate as they had been. Be had calculated oil this temporary removal of her father as a powerful agent in his favour ; and his calculations were not so far out. This, too, was another instance of the un-. seen influences which govern life and action,. and the personal motives by which we are stirred when seeming to be acting only on the broad principles common to society. If it had not been for Janet, and because he was angry at her father's opposition, Adam Bell would in all likelihood not have split" on Tom ; and Tom would not have been sent to the lock-up, to come out a rectlesd, rant ing demagogue, fearing no man and honour ing no law, ungoverned by reason, and to be kept in bounds solely by the brute strength of the majority. The vicar did his best to spoil the lives of the other men as he had spoilt Tom Moor head's, honestly believing that he was doing God service in thus showing of what flimsy stuff their virtue was made; but here Bin grove stepped in, and took such as would come to him into Monkshall itself, until their own h ouseB were ready. Both John G raves and Dick Stem went up to the house, but some of the rest either declined the further fight and shifted into Starton, or migrated farther away still to London or America. Those who were left; however, Mr. Lascelles sougkt to starve out; and to have employed one of these excom municated sinners would have cost the mem bers of his own party more than any among them chose to pay. He was in the saddle now; and they should learn the weight of the hand which held the reins. He took the institution for his own pur poses, and, as he said, made the1 place which had so often echoed with Mr. Fullerton'a blasphemies resound now with true church doctrine. Some of . the most objectionable books burnt; the rest he sold, and got what he called sound literature with the pro ceeds. He made Adam Bell custodian and librarian, partly because it is politic to re ward ratting, and partly because he was a sharp spy and a valuable reporter; and the vicar believed that a government ,is best car ried on when there is no opposition, of when what there is is muzzled. But by all thiB he roused: Ringrove, who kept a firm front and helped the remnant of the beaten band where he could. The master of Monkshall did not go so far as Richard in speculative' opinions certainly, but all thiB high-handed tyranny drove him in that direc tion, and alienated him from the church. He Vas as strong as Richard had been in urging the men to remain free and self-re liant, and even more passionate in his denup Ciationa ot priestly domination, Decause with him it became mixed up with that Element of jealousy which waa one of his' eina and was Hot one bf Richard's. He spent a good deal of money on secularism; as he called it; and Mr, Lascelles had done so far good in his lite in thuB making the master of Monkshall decidedly public spirited, and 'preventing his sinking into'thte mere country gentleman of pleasure. - ~&&(t with all Ringiwe's good qualities1 this pba--'' sibly had been on the cards. He often went to see Hertniene, painful as those visits vreie. But he thought it right to ber in iie* spiritual, bondage.'gmbg her the dianee as it fredng hereelr'wheti she would-^-khfi rtSrjjfi1' his duty to Richatd, tO Sfhoto hto V^fe ^wS'1 or three timeain the' Vrteek lte11i4ife'vJiifti h&W; things stood1 both at, the Mal&m.; -i»i ~ Where.' HLe- had'Iittlfe to tfll th&i-wi; forting to thei,p6or: fexBell:? mentioned hlKkj Vfe^hetd^ftfetolloftiMdfe,. " .wawwir-wfr;, \- URajwt" honf fottnd it»)v" 3fo.,Ladcelle»%t> deal &t; tibia* Richawtj' .. * "OTos ?.**« . w«t fc> «#afcttt&V; ^ just jet, but presently: and he knew that I when that moment did come, soft, gentle- j hearted Bee would look up into hiB face with tears of sweet surprise in her large, deep, humid eyes, and would learn in one swift moment what she did not know now, how ! that She loved him, and had loved him for | long months, unacknowledged to herself, if seen and rejoiced in by him. He would never suffer her or her mother to Bay a slighting word of either Hemione or Virginia; and by his own steadfast honesty performed that difficult task of keeping well with common friends who have split asunder and gone into opoosing camps. "the most miserable man in the place at this time was George Pearce. Traitor and coward" Tom Moorhead called him, and yah'd at him like a gorilla when the young carpenter passed his forge on his way to morning prayer. Sometimes he called him self the same, if at others he knew that he had sacrificed what was dearest and easiest to give that " sort of a something " a chance and bear witness to the truth as it slowly manifested itself to him. Nevertheless, he was always downcast and forlorn, and with the sense of dishonour and exile about him. His father-in-law was ever the same to him; but when these darker days came all but John turned still more wrath fully against him; and even Dick Stern, moderately mild as he was by nature, spoke for his benefit the parable of the cuckoo and how the rats leave the sinking ship. Nanny was miserable, too. Her father's misfortunes preyed on her heart; her hus band's incurable sadness made their well ordered little home no better than a place of wailing, and neutralised all the happiness that love and prosperity and virtuous living would else have given them; the baby was weakly and kept her always in a state of rest less anxiety.; this in its turn hurt her health, which had never been Bound, and made the melancholy of her home deeper and more pronounced. When the little creature slipped through her hands, in spite of all her care, and died just at that time of dawning intelli gence which most endears a child to its mother, then poor Nanny felt as if her cup was indeed full, and life too truly a valley of tears without snnshine now or joy to come. To be sure, Mr. Lascelles and all the clerical body told her that she ought to rejoice, not weep; for that her little one had been taken up straight into heaven, where it was one of! the blessed angels ever singing the praises and glory of God. It was far better off, they assured her, than if it had lived to grow up a prince; but the mother's heart bled if the Christian's faith was assured, and Bhe shed as many tears, poor woman, as if her little one had gone to the Bottomless PitAs it would have done, said the vicar, laying down the chart; of the Unseen with a firm hand and a broad brush, had it died nnbaptised. So things went on till the day came of ecclesiastical triumph in the re- opening of the church-the culmination of all things for j the present moment. Restored and beautified, this church of St Hichad and All Angels was like a cathedral of small dimensions, and was fitted with every kind of ornament, lawful and unlawful It had painted windows, saints in niches, carved stalls for the choir, a reredos and a rood screen, a magnificent organ, a superb j lectem, an irremovable crucifix on the altar,1 lighted candles, and a lamp ever burning in honour of the Real Presence. It had open benches, and no seats assigned to any one, though so many," seats in tne parish church went with the leases of all lands and houses; a finely carved confessional stood at the north-east side; (he altar was adorned with liowef§, tectflling that Day of Thanksgiving now, toTudge by events, so long ago, and it seemed as if Mr. Lascelles had determined to try the question with his parishioners and understand now at once what they would bear and how far he could go. The bishop of the diocese, being moderate, had not been asked to honour this re-opening. Mr. Lascelles, preaching unqualified sub mission to the laity, paia neither obedience nor respect to his own superiors unless they carried the same flag as himself; and he had in especial horror this diocesan of his, who, he maintained, had been wrongfully ap pointed, and was unfit to be the Church's ruler, because he was a Protestant, an Erastian, and a loyal citizen as well as a cleric. Hence there was no kind of check on the day's demonstrations. Processions and banners, genuflexions and incense, vest ments ana candles-everything was thjpe; and die travesty of Romanism was complete. The party sent its chief men as sympathisers and representatives, and the clerical array which they made was both imposing and im portant. The organist who came down to openthe organ was the best man in London; the sisters who had suddenly found it neces sary to visit the' Convalescent Home were amoqg the richest menders of the most ex treme orders. Every possible ritualistic ad junct had been made use of, every available wandering light had been got hold of; and since Croesholme had been a parish at all it had never seen so gorgeous a display of ecclesiastical finery or of clerical magnifi cence. Whatever, in the way of splendid sensuous ness 9f rituaLfche service had been on the Day ol Thanksgiving for the Harvest, this on the reopening of tne restored church sur passed it as much,as the sea surpasses a mountain lake, Therq were no temporary bazaar-like print and calico substitutes for the real thing to-day; no young ladies' offer ings of perishable prettin^as ana questionable ecclesiastical taste-all in use for this opening service was -solid, enduring, costi& and the needlework Alone repcesented a small for tune. {tanners and vestments, altarclotha, eucharistic linen, offertory bags were of. the finest material and the moat elaborate em broidery; -the chalice and patten were. of gold, set round with precionp ptones; the crucifix of the fairest ivory on the closest grained ebony was a superb work of art. No expense bad been spared to makethe display and, whatever objection might be maeq^by ^ogtMn heretiad Prot^ltotsjMr. fae wpold display his power, and suffer no etint w,;splendour in ritual or appointments. : Parish h«l aesemnled to take «H*m°ny, and among the net the Nesbittf ana&inzrove; Hardisty-the church-i warden on the aide of the pariah. This was not ® they signed, and it was parochial ; and their presence there-the mtrfjDtfwfom objectors to the new order of assertion of their/jyjhfc, rather than deference to the vicar,# if^ptaqce o: his propamine. But to Bingtove and the want of that fair, beside her mother . ptrroftfo the teat oeld *l flfermibtteio whethw " at she had lost flitted leyoould resd nothing neot of apfaffi H*' at * dnifflp4.fi®®* rW Wido* been presented to all theee wandering ecclesiastical lights aa the moat shining beacon of the day. It was she who had done thiB, she who had emptied theBe jewels into the treasury of the Lord, and who was an ex ample to her generation for faithfulness and devotion. She had had to go through trials and persecutions of all kinds,but Bhe had stood firm to the Church and true to her baptismal vows ; and now she had conquered and was at peace. Satan had left her to the Lord who had supported her, and her day of triumph had come. At which all the clerical sympathisers had congratulated her, while Hinging holy stones at Apollyon's head; and the loud blare of their trumpets had for the moment drowned the'still small voice which they could not wholly Btifle. Small chance then, that kneel ing there as a kind of ecclesiastical queen, the Eldest Daughter of the Church, spoken of by name in the vicar's sermon, conscious all through that she was the great lady of the day, and that her name would be banded about from one to the other as that of a sincere churchwoman who had done these good deeds for the party in the face of per secution and contumely-small chance that, through all this glittering haze of vanity and self-deception, ugly thoughts and sad me mories would intrude, haunting her soul like ghosts in the moonlight. No-she remem bered nothing; she was what she had been made-bewildered, dragged, and intoxicated. When the service was about to begin, and just as the organ had sounded the note which announced the arrival of the proces- ; sion, a slight bustle at the side-door turned all heads to see what it was. It was poor Theresa, carried on the couch which she had discarded now for some time for her bed. The vicar had never dreamed of forbidding her to come to this church festival, because he had never dreamed of her iattempting what was apparently impossible- practically suicide; but, borne up by that strange, flickering fever of the last days, she had de termined on making the one supreme effort, and now was carried in, hoping that if she ? had to die she might die now and here; Aunt Catherine, whose face had become < rounder and sleeker and more fatuous than | before, walked by her side, smiling serenely. She had made no opposition to the girl's pro-, Pob&L; On the contrary, she had approved j of it; sure, as she said, that the saints would support her and give her strength for the ex-1 ertion; had she not prayed to them and pro raised them public honours if they would ? And the serenity on her mindless face was, perhapB, Hie most shocking thing in the J whole tragedy. A thrill of horror passed through the con gregation as the girl was brought in, lying j there on her couch, like a dying devotee be- ; fore the shrine of Siva-the god who had j been her destroyer; but no one felt the pain of the situation more than Mr. Lascelles. He , had not seen much of Theresa of late. She! had ceased to be his tender care, and had be-, come only a " casewhich it was part of his pastoral duty to attend-he or another priest, and, for the most part, that other. But he himself had gone past her, as he would have said had he discussed his state of feeling, and she had fulfilled her purpose. She had given him all thathe had desired-astudy offeminine nature, an example of implicit obedience, a handsome window for the church, and as much money as he could squeeze out of her; and now she was of no more use than an orange that has been sucked dry. She might depart and beat peace when she would; why should life be prolonged when all that made up its practical value is done for. To Mr. Lascelles, the devoted priest, men and women were circumstances rather than in dividualities, and valuable only so far as they were useful to the Church. Neverthe less, he felt it keenly, like a loud reproach or a blow in the face, when he saw the wasted, ghastly face of the poor girl lying there in the church where she could see the altar and him, and gaze up into his face during his sermon. It was not pleasant to look at her J and know that this was his work; but he had had to meet the like unpleasantness before now; and was he not protected as well as sanctioned by his sacred office ? If women would be fools, and take him as a man when he offered himself as a priest, on their heads be the sin, the shame, and the punishment! His, surrounded by the halo of hia office, was clear. This was his 'rapid thought as he walked round the church with joined hands held before him ; his eyes, which saw everything, cast humbly on the ground; his Bhining satin vestments glistening in the sunlight as he passed the open door where it streamed in: his heart swelling with pride as one part of his neat object was thus magnificently ac complished. Fortunately for the peace of the congregation Theresa was too weak to make any nysterical outbreak. She lay during the service in a kind of trance, conscious only of the heavy clouds of incense which rose up about the altar touched by the sun to gold, and enveloping the officiating priests in a glory that likened Aim to Moses, or to One yet more divine-consciousonlyof the thrilling music that now sighed in supplication, now swelled in triumph through the church, stirring up vague, delightml images of a love which was at once human ana divine, and creatine that kind of ecstacy which satisfies all desires and perfects all emotions. She heard his voice, of which in her half* unconscious state the music seemed only the continuance; she saw his face transfigured in glory, half-revealed, half-hidden, in the golden cloud of incense that seemed to lift him from the gross material earth and carry him midway to heaven. It was all indeed like heaven visible and entered for her; and as she looked at the window which she had giv^n-Magdalen worshipping at the feet of Christ-Bhe lost herself in her dreamy and delibiona delirium, and was herself the woman while he .was the God. So the service passed, without a break or hitch. Many women wept, and many young men were earned oat of themselyeii by that passionately sensuous emotion which a splendid ritual excites. Aunt Catherine was smiling all oyer her round, fresh-coloured, apple face, while tears of ecstatic imbecility ran] down her,cheeks; and Hermione was always the queeai who had done great things for per people-the Daughter of the Church wh4haa honoured Iter Mother,. Wbentbe servioe came to an end and all whd wouldwant up to the Abbey for break* fast fs they called what was substantially luncheon-the triumph of (be day was com plete. Mr. Lascelles took the foot of the principal table; and fo? jfche moment she did not iremember that he was in her husband's plaoe?ki the midst of such guests, such cir cumstances as surrounded her, the presence of that .husb&nd; wouldhave been too in congruous for his absence to be regretted; and in truth she did not remember him at all, '; The drums were too loudly beaten, the stupefying drugs too liberally nsed, for tho^ight ox reflection: to >be possible. She was Bunopnded by ft crowd of courtiers, eacb of whom vied with the other in i. flatteries, congratulations. Mr. baa . in his speedy likened her to all the 'ions' womsn of old, sod made her fair KSoosBftwaaj strength of his praise; needy priests with caaea, and cloBe-fisted or impecunious congregations wi th gaunt, unfurnished churches and Bcant eccle siastical finery, buzzed round her as flies round the honey-pot, wondering if they coula get anything out of her for themselves, and, if anything at all, how much ;-the whole thing was like a bridal day with a shadowy bride groom somewhere in the distance. She had never been so happy, she thought to herself;" indeed, until now she had nevac known, true happiness at all! She was ift a state of blessedness that aimoBt rivalbd Thetesa's passionate ecstacy-the state in which, whe ther the occasion be right or wrong, the senti ment trne or false, the human nature to which we give such fine names is completely satis fied, leaving us no more to aik of fate or fortune. All day long this delicious eicitement was kept up. Breakfast over, the:e were more splendid and intoxicating seivicea in the cnuich, where Hermione was always the Eldest Daughter of the sacred Mother. The services over, there was again adjournment I to the Abbey, where she was the beautiful and bountiful queen of the land, hemmed round by hex obsequious courtbrs, ner sweet voiced flatterers. But all thirgs come to an eud in time, and so must thiB jlorious day of ecclesiastical triumph. When the last great chord from the organ had diet away in sigh ing whispers through the empty aisles-when the last elasB of wine had bem drunk in the Abbey-then the company bsgan to depart, melting away like Bpring Bnow on the meadow; and Mr. Las cells himself was forced, by good manners, to go too, accom panying his own friends. I was like the fading of a dissolving view, vhen one after' the other all left-and left th> place peopled with images and ghosts. How strangely silent and empty it was ! thoight Hermione; and yet how confused and disturbed her mind J She felt as we do wten we suddenly pass from a deafening nolseto intense still ness, and by that stillness raliee how great the noisehaS been. A certain Sister, one Sisfer Monica, had stayed the last of alL the was Edith Everett's especial friend, aid the two had , been upstairs when the last piesthad shaken hands with this fair-faced Mother ip Israel and had laid his parting contribution of flattery at her feet. Now thy came down Edith as well as the Sister ii her cloak and bonnet. , "I axil going to Starton" Bhe said to Hermione." "Sister Monica cannot stay here for the night, I am sorry to s.y." " No," said the Sister. "Our dear Edith i was good enough to ask me.but I must get back to C-- to-night." " I have ordered the carriaje; it is at the door now," said Mrs. Everett cuite tranquilly. " Come, dear Sister, yon will >e late if you do not make haste." " Good-bye, Mrs. Fullerton. I am sure you mnst feel happy to-night," sad the Sister, smiling. " Good-bye, Sister; yea, I io," answered Hermione with a troubled fact " You will come back soon, dear ?" she a&ed; of Edith, turning to her anxiously. Her guide and friend-her giest and mis tress-smiled contemptuously. " I shall not run away," she aid smoothly, but coldly, as she hurried out olthe room. And now Hermione was done. That delicious turmoil was over-thai intoxicating ! excitement had passed - the day of her triumph had come to an end, ind she was once more herself and alone. The solitude to which Bhe was unused, and naturally dis inclined, touched her to- night vith double force. The silence hung about h»r like some grim companion from which she could not free herself; thoughts which had been pressed back in her mind by the invading in fluences of the day gathered with greater volume, more loud insistance to ie neard. All was so empty-everything BO distant! In this large house even the very servants might have been miles away; and not a sound crept out of the stillness to break the Loneliness and gloom of the moment. She wandered up and down the room, rest less, nervous, in dumb distress and vague, unreasoning terror. She went into the dining room, whence all had been cleared and put in order-not a chair displaced to mark the stations of her triumphal coarse and bring back the living memory like a presence; she crossed the hall, intending to go dpBtairs to her own room, but dragged as by a secret influence-a "Bpirit in her ftetshe tamed aside and took the passage that led to the study. Half frightened, half longfcg, she opened j the door, with a wild kind of diildish hopeas j if she could possibly expect to find Richard j there. All here, too, swept and garnished!- j all evidence of that infidel's contaminating presence cone! It waa the firtt time since i her husband's departure that she had visited j the room, and the shock of its changed aspect waa almost beyond her strength to bear, overwrought and weakened as she waa by all that had happened in the day. How much rather than this cold spiritual cleanliness would she have preferred to see those sinful evidences of his abominable atheism !-how she would have welcomed even a hideous skull, or the godless, soul-destroying portraits of a nosed ape and a flat-faced savage set side by side as shameful parallels. All gone ! even that criminal accessory to infidelity, the m i croacope-and those, dumb witnesses of agnosticism, the spectroscopic diagrams and the maps of the moon! It was like going into a mausoleum where she, had looked for signs of pain and horror; and found only emptinesB more painful, more horrible still t At last, lying half hidden by some papers in a corner of the bookshelf, she saw the cast of a two-headed fish and a sheet of paper whereon her husband himself had figured the development of the bird's skeleton from that of the reptile. No one was there to see her, no one to ridicule or condemn her. She took the;cast of that ugly two-headed fish.and kiBaed it, and her tears fell on that rudely drawn picture, from which she well knew some abominable conclusion had once been drawn. The reaction was as sudden and violent as a physiologist might have fore seen ; and ane stooa by the bookshelves weeping for her lost love, for the baniBhed lord of her past life-the man whom she herself had driven out-weeping passionately wad bitterly. Then she went and sat down in his chair by his writing-table-where she had; sat when he asked her to sign those leases, and whence her refusal had banished him' for ever, - ! Had she done right.after all? Biswas her husband, and, though an atheist, such a good man! and so true to 'her! How she' wished that she could Bee Mm again! Oh,, if sne could but once more throw her arms round hianeck andfeel his round ber t No one jlored her aa he had-as he did.' Superior was! charming and delightful, butto everyone alikje, and in reality more devoted to Edith Evefettthan to her: but her husband had been hers, and she his, in such perfect one ness, .such nnbroken fidelity, tall- . 'Till what, Hermione?-his agnosticism' or yout defection? - Sere at last, at this melancholy momant, in jthiB deserted voom, her ooriacieBCa .nopenifeailMr i tbwift* Wftltoed her sacrifice and the horror of the sattee she . had been BO craftily persuaded to perform. The glittering heights nad been wop, butthp poor, weak,' foolish heart turned back to the warm and leafy hollows where She had lived and loved; and the wife xegrettfed what she had lost more than the church Woman rejoiceti in what she had won. "When Edith Evetett came home she found her still sitting there weeping - Nemesis having at last come up with her and over taken her. " Poor child!" Baid Mr. Lascelles with arti ficial tenderness, when this was reported to him; "she needs firm handling and ihces Bant care." " Yes," said Edith Everett with as artificial smoothness; " and she shall have both." " At your good hands?-of that I am con vinced," he said. " And at yours," she answered. " But"-, in another voice-"Bhe will go back to her husband, Snperior. Believe me, I know the kind bo well!" " You are too timid, dear friend. I think' she will be faithful," he replied.' "And you are too sanguine, dear Superior! Remember my words when the time comes! And take my advice : Make her do now what you wish her to do at alL The day will come when your reign will be over," He smiled at this. " My reign will hever be over, because it ife the reign of the churchhe said with humility. " And I have assured that here he added with triumph. At that moment tne servant brought in a letter. ' It waft from Ringrove, "giving him notice that he, the churchwarden ana ag grieved parishioner, would catry a complaint to the bishop. objecting to the vicar's papis tical observances. Mr. Lascelles slightly snapped bis well-kept fingers. *' Worth juBt that!" he said with a calm smile, flicking a speck of' dust from his sleeve. 