THECLOVEN FOOT. ; H BY MISS BRADDON, Aetho® of •' t.ativ Atjdiex's Sbcbbt," &c.;, &c.; t Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIH.—The Settlement. x Laura had been married a fortnight and a day, and the new year was just_two ■weeks old. It was a very ailing and un x&nal;' year in this infantine stage of its existence. There had been hardly a day of pleasant weather since its birth, nothing but rain and sleet, and damp raw cold, and morning miets and evening fogs. It was act a good, honest, old-fashioned winter, such as we read of in story boohs, and enjoy about once in a decade. It was . simply obnoxious, ill-conditioned weather, characteristic of no particular season. It was just the day after the anniversary • «f Jasper Treverton's death, and Tom Samp son was meditating in a lazy, comfortable way on his former client as he sat by the office fire sipping his tea, which he had desired to be brought to him in his den, as he was so terribly busy. He had not dipped a, pen in the ink yet, and it was half-past nine o'clock;, but it was not for Eliza! Sampson to know this. She was always "taught to believe that when he spent his evenings in the office he was wdrking severely—" double tides, he called ' it.; If she came m to-Iook at:'him'she' ■ rbthd him scratching away violently with ' a' hnill that tore shrieking along the paper like' an express train rushing through a village station, and it was not for her to - Know that Thomas snatched up his pen and put oh this appearance of industry when he heard her gentle footfall at his door. Domestic life is made up of such-small 8^CX6tSi To-night Tom Sampson was in a particu larly lazy humor. He was getting a rich man,-not by large earnings but by small expenditure, and" life, which' is an insoluble problem for many/was easy for him as one of those early propositions in Euclid that eeem too foolishly obvious to engage the reasoning power of the*smallest schoolboy, such as—" If equals are taken away from equals the remainder is equal," aud so on. Tom was thinking that he ought to be thinking about marrying. He was not in love, and never bad been since he - e& ! changed bis schoolboy- jacket for a tail*: coat, but be told himself that tbe time hadj come when he might prfidently allow him self to fall in love. He would love not too ■ well, hut wisely. ,, . "Lizzie is a good girl, and she knows my way's," he said to-himself, "but she s getting old maidish, and that's a fault that will grow upon her. Yes, decidedly, it is. time I thought of a wife.. A man's choice is confoundedly limited in such a hole as this. • I- don't want to .marry a farmer's daughter, though I might get a fine, healthy young woman, and a tidy little bit of money if I could please myself among the agricultural elass; but Tom Sampson has his failings, a ad pride is one of 'em. I should like my wife to he a cut above me. There's Celia Clare; now. She's more the kind of thing 1 should fancy; plump and pretty, with;nice, lively ways. I've had a little too much of the sentimental from poor. Lizzie! -Yes, I might do worse than marry Celia; and I think she likes me." \- Mr?"Sampson's meditations were inter rupted at this point by the sound of a foot step-on the shosliy-gravel walk outside his office door. There was a. half-glass door opening into the garden, as well as-the door opening from the passage, which was the formal approach for Mr. Sampson's clients. Only his intimates entered by the garden door, and he was unable to imagine who his late visitor could be. • " Ten o'clock," be said to himself. " It must be something particular. Old Pulsby baa.got another attack of gout in the stomach, perhaps, and wants to alter his will. He always alters bis will when he gets a sharp attack. The pain makes Mm sd-savage that it's a relief to him to disin- ( bent somebody." ; Mri Sampson speculated thus as he un- ; drew the bolt and opened the glass door. The man who stood before him was no 1 messenger from old Pulsby, but John Tre verton, clad in a white mackintosh, from which the water ran in little rills. <« Is it yourself or your ghost ?". asked Sampson, falling back to let his client enter. The question was not without reason. John Treverton's face was as white as his raiment, and the combined effect of the pale, haggard face and the long white coat was altogether spectral. "Flesh and blood, my dear Sampson, I assure you," replied the other coolly, as he divested himself of his mackintosh and took: up his stand in front of the comfort able fire, " flesh and - blood frozen to tbe bone." "I thought you were in tbe south of France." "It doesn't .matter "what you thought, you see I am here. Yesterday put me in legal possession of my cousin's estate. I have come to execute the deed of settle ment. It's all ready, of course?" " It's ready, yes; but I didn't think you'd he in such a hurry. I should have thought you would have stopped to finish your honeymoon." " My honeymoon is of very little import ance compared with my wife's future wel fare. Come, Sampson, look sharp. Who's to witness my signature ?" "My sister and one of the servants can do.that." -• , . „ " Call them in, then.: I'm ready to sign." " Hadn't vou better, read the deed first.'* "Well, ves, nerbaps. One cannot be too careful. I want to be unassailable as the summit of Mount Everest. You have taken counsel's opinion, and the deed will hold water?" . _ " It would hold the Atlantic. Your gift is so entirely simple, that there would be no difficulty in wording the deed. You give your wife everything. I think you a fool, so did the advising counsel; but that makes no difference." "Not a whit." | |Joh'n Treverton sat down at the ollice table and read tbe deed of settlement from the first word to the last. He gave to his dear wife, Laura Treverton, all the pro perty, real and personal, of which he stood possessed, for her sole and separate use. There was a good deal of jargon, but the drift of ti e deed was clear enough. " I r.r» ready," said John. Mr. Sampson rang the hell for the ser vant, ana shouted into the passage for his sister. Eliza came running in, and at sight, of John Treverton's pale face, screamed, and made as if she would have fainted. „ , -, \- " Gracious, Mr. Treverton," she gasped " I thought there were oceans between us. What in mercy's name has happened ?" "Nothing alarming. I have only come to execute my marriage settlement, which I was not in a position to make till yester day." " How dreadful for poor Mrs. Treverton to be left alone in a foreign land." John Treverton did not notice this speech. He dipped his pen in the ink, and seized the paper, while Miss Sampson and Sophia, the housemaid,. looked on wonder ingfy. . "Sophia, run aud get a pair of sheets aired,_ and get the spare room ready," cried Eliza, when she had affixed her signa ' tixre as witness. " Of course you are going to stop with us, Mr. Treverton ?" \ " You are very kind. No, I must get away immediately. I have a trap waiting to take me hack to the station. Oh, by the way, Sampson, about that money you kindly 'advanced to me. It must come out; of the estate, somehow ; I suppose you can manage that?" ' " " Yes, I think I can manage that," ianswered Sampson, modestly. "Do you want any further advance ?" " No; the estate belongs to my wife now. I must not tamper with it." "And what's hers is yours, of course. iWell, I congratulate you with all iny heart. 'You are the luckiest fellow I ever knew,, bar none. A handsome wife and a hand some fortune. What more can a man ask from fate ?" "Not much, certainly," said J ohn Trever ton, " but I must catch the last up- train. Good night." " Going back to Nice ?" John Treverton did not wait to answer the question. He, shook hapds hastily with Eliza, and dashed/out into the garden. A minute afterwards Mr. Sampson 'wad his sister heard the crack of a whip, and the sound of wheels upon the high road.'. "Did you ever see such a volcanic indi vidual?" exclaimed the solicitor, folding up , the deed of settlement. "I am afraid he is not-happy,',' sighed 'Eliza. * " . " ' , ; ;"I am afraiddie is mad," said Tom. 