The Advertiser. TUESDAY, JULY 22, 1879. EARLY in May last a new Constitution was adopted by the State of California. This Constitution, which had been drafted by a Convention specially appointed for that purpose, has before been referred to in these columns, and many of its provisions have been described; bat there are one or two which, now that the measure has become the law of the land, it may not be oat of place to refer to again. One of the principal motives, if not the chief object in framing this new Constitution, was to destroy the power which has hitherto been exercised for evil by the numerous Corporations and Companies in California, who have baen able to influence legislation to such an extent by the judicious use of palm oil as practically to render themselves indepen dent of law, and most glaring frauds have been perpetrated by them, for which the poor victims have been unable to procure any redress. This is now at an end. A vote of the people of (California has bees taken, and the majority have declared in favor of the new Constitution, wbich. im poses 80 many restrictions on legislation that measures cannot be hurried through tie Legislature by a few interested parties in a thin House, curtails the power for mischief of unscrupulous promoters and others in many other ways, and takes away from wealthy corporations the. power to influence legislation for their benefit or to exercise that tyranny and extortion azains which the voice of the people has often been heard protesting. In mining matters the Legislature ha power to regulate the Stock Boards, and one of the worst features which charac terised the operations of those who frequent the share markets has been virtually wiped out. All transactions in shares on margin, or for delivery on a future day, are declared void, which will certainly greatly restrict if it does not abolish etock-gamblinjr. Then, again, an attempt is made to prevent the formation of swindling companies, and to purify existing associations. The Con stitution makes the directors or trustees of all associations jointly and severally liable to the stockholders for all money embezzled by the president, cashier, or other officers. Under such a law as this what man of position, wealth or influence would lend his name to a pro spectus as a Director of a Company without first fully assuring himself of the bona fides of the speculation ? And in the absence of such names what new venture can be suc cessfully floated ? Unless under very ex ceptional circumstances, such .as during the prevalence of a gold fever or, seme other metallic excitement, it would be "almost impossible to float a new Company without good names on the Provisional Directorate. The thing to*be feared,hereto that pro fitable investments.may he, allowed to re main undevelopedforwant of good names to fiend them off, as it will require either a bold man^r one who most thoroughly and con scientiously believes in the venture to undertake bo beavy a responsibility, and one which places him so entirely at the mercy of a dishonest person, for the law makes each individual director or trustee liable to the whole extent of his fortune, if it be required to make up for the pecula tions of any of the officers of the Com pany. Then pgain, all property is to be taxed alike, whether improved or unim- I roved. This will be a serious matter with Corporations and Companies who have ought kind with a view to its increasing in value through the exertions of other people. This will no doubt check the desire for land as an investment, and will have the effect of causing iosdj large blocks to be thrown open for occupation and cultivation which are now either lying idle or are bat partially cul tivated or very slightly stocked, and in ! this way be very beneficial. Mortgages': are to be taxed, and upon this matter the came differences of opinion arise in Cali fornia as were exhibited here when oar Taxation Bill was before the Assembly. On the one hand it is urged that there is no reason why money lent on mortgage should not be taxed as well as any other property; and on the other hand it is con tended the mortgagor will really pay the tax, and that as in many cases, if not the majority, mortgages are caused by the straitened circumstances or heavy losses o the borrower this impost will really be a tax upon misfortune. American writers say also that this tax will restrict the ope nations of Savings Banks and raise the rate of interest; that the business of lending money will be in a great measure trans ferred from those and other public institu tions to private persons; and that the mea sure will benefit the lender of money who lives abroad by enabling him to avoid the mortgage tax, while the rate of interest he receives from Californian borrowers is raised by the amount of that tax. The antagonism towards the Chinese which, exists in California has found vent in a marked manner. In the " Declaration of Eights" the following occurs:— "Foreignersof the white race or of African descent, eligible to become citizens of the United States under the naturalization laws thereof, while bona fide residents of this State, shall have the Eame rights in respect to the aquisition, possession, enjoy ment, transmission, and inheritance of pro perty as native-born citizens." This is Chinaphobia exemplified on the Statute Book. There is another clause, which if interpreted according to the letter will affect banking and insurance institutions in San Francisco whose proprietaries are not local, as they are subjected to a considerable amount of taxation, imposed in order that no Corporation formed outside the limits of the State shall be allowed to transact business in California on more favorable conditions than those which are organised under the laws of the State. One section of the article on Corporations will, it is said, have a serious effect on about forty American insurance companies, and upon some foreign ones whose charters do not provide for the liabilities of their stockholders. It is as follows:—"Each stockholder of a corporation or joint stock , association ehali be individually and per Eonally liable for such proportion of all its debts and liabilities contracted or incurred during the time he was a stockholder as the I amount of stock or shares owned by hi™ bears to the whole of the subscribed capital, stock, or shares of the corporation or asso ciation." There is nothing unjust in this, . but how it is to be made to apply to any but local holders of foreign stock it is not easy to see. The provision will, however, no doubt unfavorably affect the value of the scrip of the companies against which it is directed. Bankers, merchants, corporations and mil lionaires, who were interested in keeping things «as they were," did not, it is said, believe that this Constitution would be ac cepted by the people, and made no effort to prevent it from going to. the country; but when they found that the people were taking an interest in the matter, and that the efforts of the Press were likely to bear fruit, and result in the measure being adopted, they bestirred themselves, and the influence of money was tried in their efforts to procure votes against it; but it was of no avaiL The vote was taken, and its result was that the Constitution was approved by a majority and became the law of the land. The question of opening a direct railway route from the Levant to India, in which England is so deeply interested, is again being energetically discussed in Europe. A number of projects are mooted, and specu lators innumerable are beseeching the Shah for concessions permitting them to construct railways through Persia, to form a portion of a system extending from the Black Sea to the Persian Gulf. The three principal schemes are that of a great Central Asian railway, favored by M. de Lessens, the famous French engineer; another, an Eng lish scheme: and the third one favored by the Russian Government. Like all M. d Lesseps's projects his railway to India i grand in conception, but it ia to be feared that it would prove to be extremely difficult to carry out. M. de Lesseps's scheme has for its basis the Russian railway system and his line would practioally be an exten sion of the existing Ural Railwiy. He proposes to start either from Nijni-Novgorod, the site of the famous annual fair, or from Klneschma, a town farther north, but the first-mentioned place would have the preference. The course of the line would be southward, through the Kirghiz country, and across the Sir Dana to Tashkend, in Turkestan. From Tasb kend M. de Lcseps would carry his line to Cabul, piercing the range of the Hindoo Kosh, on the northern frontier of Afghan istan, by means of a tunnel, and from the capital of the Ameer the .line would go to Peshawur, in British India. As an alterna tive scheme the projector suggests that in place of entering Af g l??iWq n the line might run from Tashkend to Kashgar, and thence to India, crossing the almost unknown steppes of Eifitern Turke3tan, and passing through a succession of mountain ranges, i To the scheme as a whole and to each pro posed route from Tashkend, there are very serious objections. In the first place the cost would necessarily be enormous, from the size and the number of tunnels which would be .required and the extremely difficult nature of the country; and in the next place there is the perpetual danger which would be incurred from the wild tribes alike in Turkestan and Afghanistan. It is absurd to contend that the line would not be any more liable to interruption from the attacks of the Turcomans and the moun taineers of Afghanistan than is the trans continental railway in America from those of the Indians, for there is no parallel between the two cases. In America the Indians are few in number in the vicinity of the line, and the white settlen along the route are quite able to keep them in sub jection; but in Asia the case is very diffe rent, fox the fierce tribes named are very numerous, and they would be compLst6 masters of the situation unless extraordinary and yerj costly measures were taken to repress them. The scheme proposed by the English engineers is conceived with the view of meeting tbe objection that no project for a railway from Europe to British India should be founded on the baas of not carrying any portion of it through Rus sian territory. Constantinople would by tins scheme be the starting-point, the Bos phoras being crossed by means of a bridge* Communication being thus established between the European and Asiatic domi nions of the Sultan the line would traverse Asia Minor to Bassomh, thence along the coast of Persia and through Beloochistan to India. Although this line would not be so enormously expensive as that proposed by M. de Lessepe it would be very costly, and there would be very considerable natural difficulties in the way. The scheme has therefore been, at any rate for the pre sent, shelved in favor of that suggested by the Russian engineers. This project pro poses to utilise the Tiflie and Poti Railway, which it is proposed to extend in various directions. One line wo aid begin at Breti, a station to tie north of Tiflis, and branch off in a westerly direction to Bitoum. From Tiflis tbe line would be continued southward along the valley of the K.ur, a direction in which the con struction would be extremely easy, as few if any physical difficulties would have to be overcome. This portion of tbe line would terminate at Baku, on the Caspian Sea, the point which is designed to be tbe terminus of the various Persian lines for which concessions have been granted. From Baku the railway would either run along tbe shore of tbe Caspian to the important commercial entrepot of Resht, or more inland through Tauris' the terminus in either case being Teheran. From the Persian capital the line would extend to Bunder Abbas, on the gulf. From tbe last-named point it is proposed to connect the railway with India, the idea of taking a line from Teheran, through Kandahar to Herat, having been abandoned on account of the physical difficulties of the route. From Bunder Abbas the line would run along the coast, through Belov chistan to the Indian frontier. It will piobably be years before this bitter portion of the line will be constructed; but the probabilities are strong that a line to the Persian Gulf by the route we have indi cated will before long be begun. As the projected line to the Persian Gulf will pass through Russian territory it will not be of any strategical importance to England as a means of rapid communica tion with India. But at the earns time this circumstance could hardly prove a source of danger to British India; for even if the Shah gave permission for the passage of Russian troops along bis railways, or he were compelled by force to permit them to pass, their journey from Bunder Abbas, if they leached that point unarrested, could easily be prevented by the British. Across Ihe harbor of that port lies the island of Kifibm, which by a treaty with the Imaum of Muscat is in possession of the British. Thus England commands the key of the Persian Gulf, and an ironclad fleet, sup ported by fortifications on the island, could completely dominate Bunder Abbas. Nor would the danger of invasion be increased if the line were eventually extended through Beloochistan to India, for the Beloochees an completely devoted to the British, and no army very far from, its base of operations could ever traverse that country in the face of tbe hostile tribes and a cat railway line. If the proposed line to the Persian Gulf be really constructed it will afford immense facilities for passengers proceeding to India, even if the extension from Bunder Abbas to India should never be completed. It is estimated that the journey from London to the Golf would not occupy more than eleven days, advan tage being taken of the fl*«Hng European railways, and from Bunder Abbas India can: be reached by steamer in four days; thus the journey from England would occupy seven days less than is at present the case. But tbe proposed line would not only be important to England merely as a means of rapidly reaching India, for it would give in creased facilities for the fast growing trade between Great Britain and Persia. At present the value of the imports from Eng land to Persia, which consist chiefly of cotton goods, is nearly £75,000, and the Tslue of the exports from Persia to England is about £65,000. But the trade is quite in its infancy, and would extend almost un limitedly if a country, so rich in mineral wealth and valuable natural products of all kinds as Persia, were once opened up by railways. At tiie meeting of the City Council on Tuesday the City Treasurer, in accordance with instructions received from the Finance Committee, presented a report on the financial position of the city, together with as estimate of the receipts and expenditure for the half-year now current The esti mates are satisfactory in one respect They show a surplus of nearly a thousand pounds in the receipts over the expenditure. Bat this really means that that sum is all that will be available for prosecuting any works that may be required bey or those actually in hand or for which tenders have been invited. The esti mated receipts, including the £15,000 from the new loan, are set down at £58,408, and the expenditure at £47,528, which leaves exactly £982 for expenditure on works unprovided for. This is a very small sum for such a purpose in a city so large as Adelaide, and as the Treasurer cays, "great care will have to be exercised in the ordering of new works this year." There is one item in the estimated expendi- : ture for new yards at the Cattle Market, which is set down at £2,800, and as no tender for this has yet been accepted, it is questionable whether it would not be ad visable to let this matter wait for a time, so that tbe Council might have more money at their disposal for any works of more urgent necessity which may and will probably arise before the next six months havepaseed away. The estimates were not discussed at the Council meeting, but were referred to the combined Committees •f Finance and Public Works for considera tion. ____^^ The Full Court is to sit in Banco this morning at the usual time. The bonds for the Corporation loan of £15,000 were issued to the trustees of the Savings Bank on Monday. Immediately after tbe appointment of the Select Committee to enquire into the question of the oonstrrction of the Kivoli Bay Railway the Commissioner of Public Works caused a telegram to be dispatched to Mr. T. Higin botham, late Knginrw-in-Chief «f Victoria •eking him to mate in fnspeotwn of the line and RKorttbex?on..aud to give evidence bafaacs fiie Selsct Oenanittae.* To ttU;MgtMM Jbk Higinbotbam baa replied, atatiog that he will undertake the doty. ftLeOomminibaer baa un doubtedly acted wisely r fn obtaining tb? services of such* man asMr.Higiiibotiia?Mlfsn whom it would tare been impossible to nave found one more suitable to do what is requisite in order to*ettle the question as to whether this line ha* been properly constructed or not. Mr. Egmbotham is* man of the highest integrity; of -marked - ability, and has h*d s long and valuable experience in hi* profusion, all the principal lines in Victoria baviog been con structed tinder hb supervision. Mr. Higin botbant will leave Melbourne fur the South-Bart this week. The Mayor reported at the meeting of the City Council on Monday that he and a number of Councillor* had visited the two sites proposed for ths Sewage Farm on the previous Thursday, in company with members of both Houses of tbe Legislature; and at a subsequent stage of the meeting a motion was proposed in favor of the adoption of tbe site at the Seed beds in preference to that at Tarn O'Shaater Belt. The consideration-of tbe motion was post poned for a fortnight. ; Those members of Parliament who ate anxious to preserve the sanctity of the Sabbat* will remember that two motions affecting that ay will be submitted to the Legislature this week. One is to be moved by the Hon. 3. > ieher in the Council to-day, and is as follows : —"That it is the opinion of this Council that whenever the mail steamer arrives atGlenelg on a Saturday evening or Sunday morning the General Post-Office should be open from 1 to 2 on Sunday afternoons for delivery of letter* to any person making application for same." The other is to be moved in tbe Assembly by Mr. Fraier to- morrow,and iffinu the datable: ness of opening tbe reading-rooms and museums of all Institutes receiving aid from the Govern ment between 1 pjn. and sunset on Sundays. The question as to whether the S.A. Cricketing Association as lessees of the Oral are justified in using the ground for other game* than cricket having been referred to the City Solicited, their opinion was presented to tbe Council at its meeting on Monday. The solicitors advised the Council that it caanot, under Act No. 2 of 1671, authorise the use of lands leased under that Act for any other than cricketing purposes 4 and that if the lessees of the Oval allowed it to be so used without ner mission in writing, there would be ? breach of covenant under their kass, entitling the Gorpo ration to re-enter. A resolution was .passed expressing the wish of the Council thai the Asso ciation shonld make a special application when ever it might desire to use the Oval for any pur pose other than cricket. The steamer City of London, which was announced the other day as having left Fly month with over 800 passengers for Anatcaha, comes out under the auspices of the Orient Line. She is stated to be a m^gnj?^mt vessel of 3,212 tons, built in 1676 by Messrs. OonneU and Co, of Glasgow, for Messrs. George Smith and Son, and is of the following dimensions:— Length, 381 feet 6 inches ;beam, SS feetS inches, and depth of hold 29 feet; having three dec&s;, two being of iron. The engines are by TlTmiin. J. &. J. Thompson, on tile compound principle, with inverted cylinders of 52 inches and £9 inches, the length of stroke being 48 inches and 59 lbs. bofler pressure. She has five bulkheaOs or watertight compartments, and is fitted up with all the modem improvements. The Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company has intimated to the City Council that its solicitors are of opinion that the cleansing of the streets tzmversed by its dif •erent lines forms no part of its duty. The etter has been referred to the Public Works Committee. The Directors of the Mercantile Marine and Fire Insurance Company of South Australia 1 aye declared a dividend of Is. per share and a bonns of 2s. per share, payable on the Ist Angast next. A angle woman named Ana Parish was confined of twins in fiindmarsh-eijuare on tioa day, July 21. As soon as her condition was ascertained she was taken to the Destitute Asylum* Owing to the prospect of civil war in Snmon, the foreign Consuls nave warned foreigners against aiding or •betting either of the contending parties of Samoans. They have also flamed stringent regulations tat the main tenance of law and order in the neutral terri tory. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Adelaide City Mission took place in the Mission Hall, light-square, on Monday after noon. There was a_ large attendance of ladies and gentlemen. His Kxcellency the Governor presided, and Lady Jerrois and Mr. J. Jervois, BJB.. were amongst thosepreseni. A satisfactory report was presented, and several speeches in reference to the work which is being done by the Mission were made. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Satur day and the same hour on Uonday is -regis tered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0010 Narraooorte ._ 0430 CapeJervis ... 0-010 Normanviue ... o*olo Gumeracha ... OD2O Noartanga ' ... 0010 Kooringa . ... 0-010 Part Elliot _ 0-032 Mnnnnm ... 0-020 Penoln... ... 0-030 Millieent ... OISO Kobe .„ ... 0030 Mt. Barker ... 0-035 Stcathalbyn ... 01S2S Mt. Gambier... 0100 Tanunda ... 0010 Ht.Pleasant... 0-100 Willunsa ~.. 0-010 Mt.Torrens ... 0-050 A new project for the creation of an in land aea has been advanced and advocated by General Fremont, at present Governor of Arimtia. The removaLjof a barrier ridge, he affirms, would admit the waters of the Gulf of California into *" ancient Twwiin I**^ would create a navigable inland eea 200 mites long. 60 miles broad, and 300 feet deep. This piece of engineering, which is very like Boudaire'a Algerian inland sea project, he claims, would convert what is now a desert region into* com mercial highway, and would grea'ly improve the climate of Southern Arizona si.d California. A meeting of 300 Catholics, held at Dnnedin on July 8, under the presidency of the Bight Bey. Dr. Mnnwi, adopted a petition to the House of Representatives, in which they ssert:—"That a system of free, secular,and compulsory education is in direct opposition to their conscientious convictions; that conse quently they are unable to avail themselves of it, and are compelled to provide for their own children, and at their own sole expense, Chris tian schools; that they consider it a hardship and an injustice that these schools shonld be re fused aid out of public funds, to which Idiey contribute equally with their fellow-citizens." A writer in itmffmr, io discussing the subject of the existence of ghosts, relates an ex traordinary story, which he Bay? has noto£?jma'ie him believe in ghosts ever since he heard "it, bat makes him quake at the thought of them. Here it the story:—A young Frenchman who had lost his betrothed on the eve of marriage believed he saw her every night in her bridal dress. His friends to show him tke folly of his belief dressed a twin sister of the deceased in a dress precisely similar and plaoed her at the head of the widowed bridegroom^ bed exactly at the hour tbe spirit cams. He looked up, and crying out, "Akcitl! envoilmdauP' fell back dead on his pillow. ''The fatal accident which occurred during a football match at Talbot formed the subject of a majesterial enquiry," the China Guardian, states, "when Mr. O. W.Oarr.P.M, took evidence as to the circumstances which attended the death of Bobert Crooks, jna. A number of witnesses were *mtm*n i and although searching questions were asked by eune of the Jurymen aa to the *?*"?!«** in whicn. the game was played, all the evidence went to prove that the sad occurrence was purely acci dental, and that no greater roughness titan ap pears to be inseparable from the game was used by either side. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death." In our issue of Monday it was stated that a telegram had been received from the Station master at Daly Waters announcing that a man. named John Walsh had arrived on Saturday at tbe Bitter Springs, on the ISsey, from the Herbert Eiver, and that he had left his mate, Pennie, three days previously, who intended keeping a due west course to strike tbe telegraph Use. On Monday the fol lowing telegram waa received bom Daly Waters :— ** The other Queensland man, Pennie, stanck the Ins near the Blsey last Friday. He arrived here this morning. He says they left the James on she 24th March. They fell in with a ballockeAd killed one horse, so had plenty of provisions/ The following is Monday morning's weather report on! the Adelaide and Pott Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltaoa, &, light, few clouds, fine ; Farina, E, light, clondy, dull; StraogwaysSprings, &&, strong, threatening; Peakc, E, fresh, dear, fine; Charlotte Waters, S.E, moderate, cloudy, fine ; Alice Springs, S . lpht. clondy, dull; Barrow Greek, &•• fresh, cloudy, dull; Tennant Greek and Powell Creek, S.E, tight, clear, fine, pleasant; Dilj- . Waters and Katberme. calm, clear, fine, plea- Mat; Pine Greek, 8.X., light.dear, fine, cddl ; Tarn Creek, BJS., light, claw, fine, pleasant; Soutoport, &A;, light, clear, fine, warm; Fort Darwin, calm, dear, fine, cool. On Saturday afternoon, July 19, seven teen member! of the Port Bine Company assembled at the GUnville Rifle Bange foe class firing Thongh the weather was admirably adapted for rifle practice, bat very indifferent •hooting was made, only five men succeeding in scoring the requisite number of points. Third Class— Regulation target*, and scoring distances 150.200,250, and 300 yards, fire shots at each range; 36 points to be obtained. The following members pawed into tbe second claw:—Privates Wigg,63 points; Wigmore, SO; andSlade, 37. Second Class—Distances, 400,500, $50, and 600 yards; five shot* atjewh range; 30 points to be obtained. The following members passed into the first class:—Privates Barns, 58 points; and Sanderson, SO. A meeting of the Eurht Hoars Associa tion was held at the Working Hen's Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday eveuiug. July 31, to take into coorideratton the manner of celebrating the approaching anniversary, and to appoint a Com mittee to carry oat the arraugemeats. There was a. good attendance of the members of the Association, who were pieaidcd over by Mr. 8. Webster. He stated that last year, when the scene of the festivities was at Torrens Island, two parties came down from Adelaide to join them, bat lie was sorry to say that althou^hxgreitdeal of correspondence had taken. nUce en the subject, he found that the Work ing Men's Association in Adelaide had already made arrangements for ics anniversary, and they most therefore either join them or have a demonstration amongst themselves. After some discussion the latter course was adopted, and the date fixed was Septemoer 1. A Committee of twelve were chosen to make tbe necessary arrangements, and the meeting closed. The alleged prevalence of Trichinosis amongst American pigs has created somewhat of a scare in Great Britain, to whose ports the trade in these animals has recently largely in creased. A question asked by a member ia the House of Commons has directed the attention of the Government to the matter, and the Jane number of the Veterinarian, has the following:— "Them parasites reside in the flesh of tbe .Tiitn.ls in their larval condition, bat on enter ing the system of man by the eating of under done perk, soon acquire sexual development, and ultimately give rise to a most serious disease, and not unfrequently to painful death. The oration of American pigs being the bearers of Trichinae remains still to be determined, and we feel assured that the Veterinary Department will give all the attention to the subject which its importance J-.mands. We do not desire to join the ranks of the alarmists; bat until we have positive information on? way or other, we think that it behoves all buyers of American pork to see that it v thoroughly well cooked before it is partaken of. If strict attention be paid to the cooking or the pickling of infected pork it may be eaten with almost perfect safety." Oar old proverb," Early to bed, and early to rise." has (says tbe TForid) just reseired a deathblow from a German doctor, who, not content to accept as a fact what is generally called tbe wisdom of nations, has been collect ing data on the habits of persons who have attained a great age. He ha« found that in the majority of cases those who have lived the longest were those who rant to bed the latest. Out of every ten persons who had attained the age of eighty and upwards, he found at lesrt eight who were in the habit of not going to bed tmtQ the small hoars, and who were conse quently late risers. The doctor is of opinion that early rising tends rather to HjminiA than to increase vital energv.anrl to shorten life. He maintains that it is quite a mistake to think that the morning hoars are the most strengthening; on the contrary, they are more apt to produce fatigue; and the morning breezi is more dangerous to some constitutions than the damp of tbe evening. Thanks to the doctor, men and women of the world have now a gooi argument for their favorite habit of turning night into day, and as a natural consequence day into night. With reference to the arrangements made by the Committee of the Aborigines Friends' Association for the discharge of the duties con nected with the management of tile Mission Station at Point Madeay, we are requested to state that whilst Mr. F. W. Taplin has been appointed Acting-Superintendent tbe school is still carried on by Mr. T. A. OpheL, who has for the last twelve yean assiduously aad faithfully labored in that department, aad often, in the absence of the Superintendent, discharged his ministerial duties as well. In a place where there are generally more than a hundred resi dent natives, where the operations of a farm and a aheap station are to be conducted, besides the distribution of rations and education of the it will be understood that the work of supervision is somewhat onerous and varied, usance especially as nearly all the farm and sta tion work, including building, is done by the native*, who receive regular payment, according to tbe value of their labor. Many of the blacks have, by the encouragement thus offered to industrious habits, been enabled to earn a good living on their own account when not employed at the Mission Station. In consequence of the failure of the last harvest the Rtstion has not been able to employ so many this year as usual, so that the aborigines have had to bear their share in the general depression. "A Temperance Society pursuing; its objects temperately is," writes tbe Lou don Examiner, "decidedly a novelty, and, in spite of its long-winded title, 'The BunseE? Men's Bociety for the Knoourage ment of Moderation in the Use of In toxicating Drinks,' deserves honorable men tion at the present time, when societies of all lands put forward their programmes and muster their adherents. The head-quarters of the new movement are at New York, where its promoters poof ess, * while fighting the same enemy that the most extreme total abstinence advocates are contending 'against,' rather ' to flank the enemy than to hnrl their forces uselessly against hu Strongly entrenched position, and have them re pulsed in a gallant but vain attempt to storm the works.' Tbe Society proposes to ' flank the «nemj' by binding its members to take engage ment* cf a less stringent character than the orthodox temperance pledge. One of these pledges bids the signer not to drink daring basicvES hours, another nut to drink at the expense of any one eke, or to offer to 'treat' acquaintances, while the mott comprehensive exacts that nothing stronger than wine or beer shall be taken, and then only at meals and in moderation." The principles on which this Society ia founded are not co new as the EKattner thinks. The ideas formulated by the Society of which it speaks are strikingly similar to tbose which were put forward here by Dea j BBSieU some time ago. Oxe of the weaknesses of "Society"'ia *hus conuneiiiel on by a writer in Truth ;—l Dave bo patience with tbe bard female code which alloKs no statute of limitation. Accord icg to this code the question is sot so much what a woman is, bat what she was. When that _ ill-used woman, Lady Twisa, was hounded out ~of society, I remember saying to a Bishop's -wife, wbo was observing with a shudder that really te practise the doctrines that he preaches he would request you to drive in the park every day wi:h her. Mary Magdalene was thought good e?3OU£& company ivt the Founder of. our religion, and Lady Twiss, who is an excel lent wife, ought to be good enough company for you. Half the women who are open-mouthed against her are Mag folfnM who have never repentsd, and who have simply not been found out because their little weaknesses are so notorious that the world is benevolently blind to them." Nut being one of the softer sex myself, I sympathise with the efforts of ladies who may have had a nctber doubtful past to re-enter the ranks of the respectable, nor do I impute this to them as * crime. What trouble do they give themselves to attain socisi recognition. Then when they xiave wearily built themselves up some little nest, and only ask to be allowed to sit quietly in it, some excellent person sternly shakes the tree, and all their labour has been vain; down comes the neat toppling about thesr ears, and they are sent forth to wander after some new perch smid the Grundyan jeers of those whom they hare never harmed. ___^^ The Council of the Melbourne University has become involved m an unprecedented dis pute with the Board of PubHe Krasninffs in ! law, and one which threatens (says the Agt) to lead to "nfT^Ttefl t?"??r4tfiitif"" It will be ' remembered that some weeks *go we referred to tiie circumsUnese of tbe * plucking" of Mr. T.D. McDougal, barrister-et-Uw, at his third je«r examination for the degree of LLJ3., tbe peculiarity of the case being that Mr. McDougal cceupiee the position of University lecturer on the law of obligation. Feeling dissatisfied with tbe decision of the public examiners (Messrs. La wee and W ilUams, barristers-at-law ), " Mr. McDougal appealed to the Council to xcrinr bin f ?•??"*'?■■*?"'? p*pgr« The matter was referred to a Sub-Committee to report upon, attbough at the time much difference of opinion existed among the members of the Council as to the propriety of such a onrae. The Sub-Com mitUfct^nt in a report, and acting on the re commendation of that report ths Council instructed the Registrar to send a polite note to the examiners requesting them to re-examine tbe candidate. Some correspondence ensued, which has resulted ia Messrs. Lawea and Williams refusing to obey the instructions of the Council, regarding it as a reflection on their personal honor aad integrity, and within the fast few days those learned gentlemen have sent in their resignations. The case has caused en siderable comment in legal circles, and the general impression is that a mistake has been made by the Council in setting itself up as a court of appeal from the decision of the public examiners, as if the precedent be once estab lished there will be no finality whatever in University examinations. The matter will again be considered by the Council at its next meeting. As already mentioned, news has been re ceived of the death of Mr. Kobert Page, formerly of this city, at Yokohama, on May 9. When residing in Adelaide the deceased gentleman held a position in the Bank of South Australia. He had intended to leave Japan for Australia on the 23rd of May last, but owing to his health givimg way he was compelled to relinquish that idea. Mr. H. Stodart has received a letter dated May 11, giving particulars which will be inte resting to Mr. Page's many friend's iv Adelaide. The letter is written by "Mr. Geo. Waucbope, who says:—" It is my painful duty to inform you of tbe death of our mutual friend, Mr. Robert Page, wbo breathed his last in my house on the 9th instant after a long thongh painless illness. The actual ciuse of death was oi by congestion of the left lung. It will be grati fying for his friends to know that both amoogit foreigners and natives here he was highly respected, and was tbe recipient of much kiud uess from a large circle of friends. A document handed to me yesterday from the Minister of Finance respecting his services to the Japanese Government, which will be forwarded with other papers later on, will speak for itself, as showing that our poor friend had, when in the service of the Government, performed tbe duties that devolved upon him to the entire satisfac tion of his superiors. The funeral took place yesterday, and be was followed to his last resting-place by a large number of sorrowing friends." Mr. Wauchope adds that it is the iu tention of the friends of the deceased gentle man in Japan to erect a suitable tombstone over his grave as a token of their respect. The Superintendent of Fire Brigades had the Adelaide Fire Brigade out for drill on Mon day morning, July 21, at half-past 6 o'clock. Fourteen firemen with four reels from the South Adelaide stations and three firemen from North Adelaide answered when the muster roll was called. The Superintendent addressed the men on the necessity for strict obedience to orders issued at fires, and briefly and feelingly referred to the sad death of their late officer (Acting- Superintendent Hoggs). He was away at Kan* garoo Island when the melancholy accident happened which deprived them of their com manding officer, and shortened his own leave of absence. The reason he had in thus referring to this sad subject was to thank the Adelaide and Port Adelaide firemen for giring their time and attention to the very proper observance of the obsequies for the interment of a fellow fire man. The Superintendent then informed the brigade that Mr. Hendry had resigned, and that Mr. Phillips would for the future act as foreman, and have the charge of No. 7 reel, which would remain on Messrs. G. & B. Wills & Co.'s premises, Fisbex's-place. The firemen were then exercised and instructed in coiling hose and in the use of the various implements. After this the two-horse reeLs were stationed at separate fireplugs and ex changed places, and went through the usual practice and trial of skill and quickness iv throwing water. No. 1 Reel was the first to bave water on, and No. 2 Reel was nearly as quick. Three lengths of hose were run off irooi each reel attached to the standpipe, and water " turned on" and "shut off," the hose reeled up. acd all ready to commence again in two minutes and & half. The hand-reels did not compete ia this practice, as their hose and implements ware used for other drill. All the reels and imple ments were clean and in good working order, and the firemen went through their drill in a willing and praiseworthy manner. A serious affray with natives near Mait land is thus referred to by our correspondent at that place:—"On Saturday night, July Jj), our usually orderly township was thrown into antite of excitement by a report that the native* camped at North Maitland were all drunk, and that Trooper Dowleans had been nearly billed by them. It appears that at about 6 o'clock Dr. Engelhardt, near whose residence the natives were camped, became alarmed at the unasual noises they were making, and sent for the trooper, who went to the place accDmpanied by Messrs. Carter and Jas. Hawse. Trooper Dow leans, in trying to arrest one of the natives, was severely handled, and would undoubtedly have been killed had it not been for James Hawse. Waddies and large stones were used, and the natives (two men and two women) fought like funds. Carter was knocked down insensible by a blow from a stone on the back of his head. Trooper Dowleans, who behaved pluckily throughout, was also knocked down, severely bitten on one leg and one hand, and sustained came frightful bruises on tbe face and head. The three white men returned to the township for assistance,but poor Do wleans was thoroughly incapacitated. His wounds were dressed by Dr. Engelhardt, Carter's wound being attended to by Dr. Brown. Mr. H. Lamshed, J.P., then organised a party of men to to the camp and arrest the natives, but on arriving there only the two women could be found, who were at once secured and locked up. They divulged the name of tbe white man who supplied them with liquor, and on bis being confronted with tba women he confessed his guilt. He is now in custody. Trooper Gleeson and Sergeant dock, of Moonta, and ,two others were out all day on Sunday in ff"??rh of the two black *"f>", but have not yet succeeded in arresting them. Trooper lfowleaos's wounds are serious, and it will be at least a month before he can resume duty. The person wbo supplied them with liquor is, I understand, a stranger looking for •ork." On Monday the two women were Brought before the Magistrates at Maitlaad, and sent to gaol fora fortnight for drunken ness. The man who supplied the drink was fired f 10, and, in default of payment, ordered to be imprisoned for three months. As soon as the blackfeliows are arrested they, with th-: we men, will be charged with assaulting Trooper Dowleans. The Stallion Show at Clare takes place to-day. An extraordinary meeting of the Ade laide, Glenelg, and Suburban Kail way Company is to be held to-day to consider the claim against tbe Company by the late Engineer. A large number of entries have been re ceived for tbe Newmarket Races, to be held on the Morpbetville Course on August 6. Sporting men will hear with satisfaction that in view of tbe Newmarket Races on August 6 arrangement* have been made for a special hunt early next week. A masque ball in connection with the Dentscher Club was held at the National Hotel ou Monday sight. About 206 couples engaged in dancing to the strains of tbe " Model Band." The place was beautifully decorated. A notice signed by the lessee announcing that the building was closed until further notice appeared on the doors of the Academy of Music ou Monday evening. We are informed that Mr. Fulton was compelled to take this step in conse- quence of a disagreement with his company, arising out of the fiasco of Saturday night, and that the Academy will be reopened so soon as other artistes with whom he is in communica- tion arrive. The Pott Adelaide footballers suffered a ! shameful thrashing at the bands of the Geelong team on Monday. The result, a victory for the viiitors by eight goals and 24 behind*, to the one behind scored by their opponents, was quite unlooked-for by the Portonians and their'sup pesters. The stand which was made on Satur day by the Victorians, wbo bad been beaten by the Pots, it was thought augured favorably for tbe " MudhoHaxm," bat tbe Geelong men blasted all hopes by their magnificent play. The Nor wood Club is to try conclusions with the visitors today. There was an excellent attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, when Henry V. was repeated with the customary success. Those who have not seen this maguifioent play should not miss the last opportunities of seeing it, as when withdrawn it will not be reproduced. On Friday evening Mr. Bignold will take a benefit, when he will appear in his original rha«Ti-*?r of Colonel Challace, in Palgrave Simpson's comedy-drama " Alone" — a part which he played for over 100 nights at the Court Theatre, London, and in which he met with great success in the other colonies. He will also appear as William in Douglas Jerrold's nautical drama ** Black-eyed Susan." 