JIEWS AND NOTES. With respect to the Orville murder the. Bntdigo Advertiser eays.-—The iuqnest on the murdered man, J. Scott, was resumed on Tuesday, at Lecsk's Hotel, Murphy « Rat, near MoliaguL The only witness examined was Mounted-constable Kevins, whose evidence was of a voluminous character. The police have a clue to the perpetrator of the horrible deed, but have not had sufficient time to follow it up, and on the application of Detective -Williams, the inquiry was farther *diourned till Tuesday, the 25th inet. Detectives WiHiams and Potter remain in the locality to further investigate the case, in which łhey will be assisted by the local police. The Dnuoliy correspondent of the ifdryboroughHtandard writeB that Mr Fotheringham and ;a brother of the man murdered have found all the mouey deceased was supposed to possess, viz., £3, ncreted in the roof of the hut, and £14 in a snuff box, underneath bis stretcher, in the ground. An encounter of* dangerous character took place on Wednesday, between one and two o'clock, between a shark and one of the boatmen in the mailmaster's boat, at Sandrige. near the town pier. The nbart, a bluebottle, "wasseen by Tlios. Furlong moving about near the jetty „here Mr Joyce'and bis men are in the habit of lauding. Furlong, upon getting a cood vieir of the monster's head, struck him with the boathook, And for die moment stunned him, and without losing any time jumped up to his" middle in the' water and laid hold of the shark by the tail. A desparate struggle ensued, the ihark making violent efforts to escape, but to un-purpose, as Furlong, who 18 a ntiwerfal fellow, held on until he was assisted by Mr Richard Shepperd, the boatovner, who ultimately landed the shark olive. He is of the blue species, and jneasores over eight feet long. JndgeBindon is still in a delicate state of health, and his medical attendant has advised further rest. Bis sick leave has therefore been extended, and Mr Leech will continue to perform Judge Bindon's duties in the midland district for some time longer. The man named Thomas Dodd was breakfasting, when a pieee of steak stuck is his throat. Attempts, states the Fltatani Greek News, were made by those jmąDt toextract the piece of meat without success. A medical man was sent for, - who on his amval found the man in a djiugpositioo. Trachedtimy was; however, performed ; - the meat, which was over, two inches in length, , was extracted, bat Dodd died shortly after the operation. Julian Thomas (Vagabond) has been set upon and severely assaulted at Sydney It is said that spiritualism is the cause ai the journalist lately made a fierce on. llmghtupon Dr Slade. A representative of one of the largest ironmasters from home lias arrived in Syduev for the purpose of 'opening a trade 'with New Sjuth "Wales. .It is likely that French iron wil be brought into competition with EngUsh and Belgian. One of the pluckiest acts we (Horsham rimcf^have heard of for -some time was per formed on Saturday by a little boy twelve yeaW of age, sou o! Mr Charles Smith,"of Horsbam. The youngster was not rabbiting, and having run, as he thongh't,a rabbit to earth, put his hand in the hole in which he supposed it to be, md immediatly received a severe bite from swake on the forefinger of the left hand. H»ving satisfied himself that the bite was from a snake, the youngster, who had a •maUand by no means sharp tomahawk with him, deliberately placed bis fin ger on the sand and backed it off, after uveal strokes, by the first joint. He then tare a piece off his shirt, and bound lip lus tend in professional style, using » bit of stick byway of tourniquet, and. being tome three miles from Horsham, made the best of his way into town, when, vithont calling upon his parents, he Bought the services of Dr Davidson, wbo speedily improved upon the amateur surgery he was called upon to inspect. Daring the secon'd operation the little fellow never flinched, "and is, we are happy to say, progressing very well. It seems he learnt the trick of bandaging in such cases from lessons given by Mr Treveri at the State school, but it may be considered doubtful whether snch rough and ready surgery was inculcated at the same establishment. At anyrate, whatever hanu and inconvenience the youngster has sustained from the Joss- of his finger, it is gratifying to know that the snake-bite produced no ill effects. The following strange affair is reported from HacDonriell Bay in the South EasfcmStarof 7th March:—" An extraor- ' dinary supernatural occurrence which is cud to have taken place ion the coast between here and Rivoli Bay, is creating a peat sensation here. Walter and . William Cwrison Have been at work for some little time obtaining oil from the whale which was stranded, on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity, and did not return to their tent till ifter nightfall. Just at the twilight William Garrison was loading bis gun for a last shot when all once he beard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in the direction from whence, the sound proceeded, he observed what -appeared to be a man of unusually tall stature making towards him. Garrison looked with a fired gaze at the object, and itappeared •o weird and unearthly that his blood began to chill and liis hair, to bristle/ On it caw and, as it approached yelled again. Gairison then put a cap un his goń, and, taking gun, fired at the obj^, which appeared to s ink into the ground óut of light and left no trade teTund. Ał lie urns-instant Walter CarrisoBj-whb/was* about a mile from bis brother,.aaw ja" jimilsr apparation, and, "hiyirigliiB guń Ma^a eappórń That object; too, appeared to Lave felt the shot and melted into tbmair." The people hoe believe' the ghost or ghdBtB are thou of some person or persons: who nave-been murdered near the spot where tŁey were .seen. The good service rendered by Mullagh » die'late cricket match, Gentlemeriof England v. Victoria, has been recognised fte Melbourne Cricket Cluli in the Jnsentalion to Mm of a silver watch -and wiain, mth the following inscription :— Presented by the M.C.C. to- John ihlltth for his first-class play in the jaatoh Gentlemen of England v. Victoria, <», 8th, and 10th March, 1679." In MdAon, a sum of £50 5s lid was coL lKted tor him amongst bis admirers on we ground, and this amount has been Placed in the Bank of New Sooth' Wales ft lL P r a n c S s ontil the vie«E of me ventfiaairc are obtained as to the form "^appropriation. - , . At ae Centra] CriminalCourt on «eaky, ,B yonth na0led {JbarlesTaylor tried and - acquitted «n;.a charge of jndeanflj assaulting alMe cirlatBrigbtoa. m January last. . ^ . : Jtte on Anstralia, was visited ;bv a hurricane 2«h January. Tie Rosette,, °9® s ungschoontt^łtioin Ftemantle, is in wwohaMity loet. mth 10 «pn]f. off The prisoner Dupresaa, #ihp was cunvicted and sentenced Lo tbree yea-re* imprisonment with hard labor, and ,two floggings of 25 lashes, received his first portion on Wednesday, at the Melbourne Gaol. The prisoner was transferred to the Pentridge Stockade immediately after his conviction, and it was intended that he should shave been flogged there, but iu consequence of Gately being kept in prison for twelve months, in default ofbail, the prisoner was sent to Melbourne in charge of a warder. From his remarks, it nas evident that he bad a great dread of the severity of the lash, arid he appeared to feel the punishment severley. .The recent fatal accidents on the Williamstown Railway line do not appear to hare had the deaired effect of making the travelling piihlic more" careful.' si : tfew nights ago, at a quarter to 12 o'clock, a man was seen by a porter at the Yarnville station, lyiug on what is called the Oft. way, between t>he two lines of rails. The up and down tzains meet at this 'sthtion, and as both moved away the 'man was discovered iu the awkward position named. He was summoned to the Footscray police court on Thursday, and fined 5s., with €1 Is costs. The man said be mistook-.tiie side of the carriage in getting out, and fell between the rails where he preferred to remain till the trains were clear away. Attjcus" in. the Jjeader writeaas ĘU lows :—The soothsayers who prophesied thiit the Victorian loan could onl£< be floated at an alarming sacrifice of our debentures now sing small iodeed. Mr Berry's presence" in" London lias saved the colony something like £90,000, and his mission, if productive k*>f <no other results, bas been fully justified on this ground .alone... The JenkinstB of Victorian society, who clierislied a dim sort of hope that the Chief Secretary and his colleague would at the very most obtain an entrance into the servants' ball of official swelldom, are cliewing the end of bitter, reflection.^ The thought of Mr Berry taking wine with Gladstone, twitting Robert Lowe about his tax on lueifer matches, eliciting John Bright'e nwn version of his interview with Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, and trying to convert Lord Granville to protectionist views, is too : much for them. ' Jenkins, whose highest ambition has hitherto been to attend Government. .HoUsi " at homes," or to be favored with a seat in die Governor's box at the theatre, grows pea green with jealousy when he reaas of the attention bestowed by English statesmen and gentlemen upon the representative of the people of Victoria. The Horsham Times b.ts given a series of tables showing tl-e" average VieM of wheat iuthe Wiuimera, Dumuuukle, and S'. Arnaud districts. The accuracy of thefigpres IB vouched'for by. ouc.£nńtiem- 1 p jrary. Wimmerashire has by far the largest average, viz., 1G bushelB to the acre, as against 13 for Dnnmunble, and 12.7 for St. Arnaud. The yields in Wimmerashire range from 27 bushels to four bushels per acre; in- Dunmunkleshire, from 30 (Warracknabeai) bushels to one bushel (Wallaloo) ; and in Sr.. Arnaud shire, frum 24 bushels to 3i bushels. A wholesale torjger lias been at work at Ballarat, the Star says:—"With reference to the forg- xy case, to which a slight reference was made iu Holiday's paper, we are now in .a position, to state that at .least half a dozen forged and valueless cheques were negotiated on Saturday, presumably by the earae pbrarm. a farm hand' and groom known as 'Fred,'and who it seems bas been in the employ of Howie and others out Miner's ReBt and Blowhard way. The cheque mentioned by us on Monday was for £8 5s, and was drawn on the Bank of Victoria, not Australasia as stated. It nas signed William Wilson, and presented to Mr Cohen, of the Royal Mail Hotel and Dining Rooms, on Friday evening, the tenderer stating that be saw Mr Wilson sign .the cheque. On Saturday morning as soon as the back opened, Mr OoheH, who required some silver, presented the cheque, and received payment. Shortly afterwards Mr Wilson called at the bank, saw the n'-icque, and pronounced it as forgery. 'Fred,':vrh'o was lodging %t- Mr Cohen's hotel stayed about the premises until 8 or 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, but had gone away at the time the forgery was discovered. On the same day the host of auotlier liotel in Lydiard-street cashed a cheque presented presumably hy the same person. The cheque was for £8 9s 6d, and was on the Commercial Bank, Geelong, drawn in the name of Alexander Wilson. It was returned on Monday marked 'Signature unknown.' Mr Woolster.croft also cashed a valueless cheque on Saturday, purporting to be drawn by a squatter in the north. Mr Bade was also swindled, as were two others, who do sot wish'tlieir names men-' tioned; The detectives are at. work in tlie mątter. Altogether, there seems have been a regularly organised scheme of wholesale forgery-hii the part of the' '•wanted' iudividua 1." 