AMONG THE ADELAIDE POOR. MISSIONARY WORK (Continued). FBt Vid.T ^ fter having seen the mother i meeting, Mr. Berry and I resumed our house- visitings. Pre vious to setting out our ears were saluted by a Bratinc ancrv voice, which was found to Dro ceed Irom a very miid-iooKing woman, wno con fronted Mr. Beiry and demanded an interview. Being thus unceremoniously bailed np, w« waited wonderingly for enlightenment as to its cause. ' And what is it that you've been saying agen me, Mr. Berry '( And, sore, ain't I worthy of relief, and me a decent and respectable wo nan that never drunk a drop ; if I were to die for it I wouldn't tell a lie, but gladly own it. And if my husband did itself, that's no reason why my name should be dirtied. And did you evir know anything wrong of me one way or the other, Mr. Berry ? Come now, answer me that.*1 This torrent of language seemed greatly to re lieve our friend, who set her arms akimbo and drew a heavy breath, as if preparing for another sally. Before she could get her vocal ma chinery again ready for action, however, Mr. Berry stepped gallantly into the breach, and gave me a brief sketch of his knowledge of her history. It appeared that she was married to a good-for-nothing scamp, who lived upon her as long as be could extract the price of a pint of beer, and then periodically disappeared, only to return again when she had managed to get & few sticks together, which oue after the other he would sell or pawn in order to drink the proceeds. Mr. Berry had helped her several times, nnd upon thelastoccasion.relyinguponher vehement promises for the better behaviour of her spouse, had actually purchased a mangle for her. This means of existence bad also disap peared down the guzzling throat of her lord and master, and yet the woman upbraided Mr. Berry for his injustice in visiting the sinsof the husband upon the wife. The City Missionary, however, expressed his determination not to assist any family whose head was an able-bodied man who refused to work or who drank. We went through several cottages, Mr. Etrry meeting with a cordial welcome everywhere, after which I was shown a row of tlree bouses, just at the back of a large foundry, which ab-o belonged to the Society for which Mr. Berry is acting. These comfortable homes, which contains four rooms each, are let at the moderate rental ot 5s. Qi. a week. Two tif them were occupied by two worthy families, tie one of four and the other of five children, bcth appearing to be comparatively comfortable, while every part of the rooms was sweet and clt&n.; In one house was a mangle, the gift of Mr. Berry, for which the mother was supposed to pay sixpence weekly ; but her rent was, as in an instance I kave before referred to, corre spondingly reduced. The third house, I was told, was occupied by two aged couples whose day was fast declining into night, but they were out at the time of our visit. Iu » narrow dirty lane we entered a t-vo- 1 oomed house, which was found to be the i ome of no less than ten persons. In the front room resided a husband, wife, and two children, and in the back room li\rt-t a couple with four children. The front-room couple were out begginc round the suburbs, bat the back-room tenants were within. The master of this undesirable family residence was » tall, gaunt man, whose muscular frame was attenuated by fever, from which he hail just recovered, being scarcely able to crawl. There was ju»t room in his portion of the house for a double bedstead, but of other furniture there was none. Ia that one bed, even during the whole of the time that he had been down with fever, hod he slept with his wife and four children. Where the occupants of the front room slept it would be difficult to e%y, unless it were on au old ricketty sofa which seemed to be just wide enough for one. Mr. Berry gave the man an order for five shilliugsworth of bre^d, to be doled out iu daily quantities. Af er threiding a network of lanfs and alleys, we rtached a quitt and obscure bit more respectable qnartcr, where Mr. Berry promisod to show me two very respectable families', for whom Le would very much like to devise some permanent means of enabling them to help themselves. The first family he referred to lived in a fonr-roomed bouse, for which they paid 15.*. pt-r week rent. This family consisted of aa old man, who suffered from a very painful heart disease, his wife, two grown-up dau^nters, and a son. The wife was also very feeble. The old man hoped to be able soon to do a little work ; he was a gardener by trade. The two daughters were working at an establishment in the city, atid when on full time managed to bring in between them about 30*. a week. Lately, however, they Lad oaly received four dajs' work in the week, and their dual earnings only amounted to £1. Tile son had been set to learn sboemakiug, and contributed 10s. weekly to the family fund. The totil income waa therefore SC's. per week— not a very large sum, after tbe rent was paid, to feed aad clothe five people upon. There was good management somewhere, however, as psr lonr ornaments and other relics of better days were still in their wouted places. No Btracger entering the house would dresm that hunger was a commru vi=itant there. Mr. Berry advised the oli man to apply at the Destitute Asjlnm for rations occasionally, but the old n:an merely shook his head, while his lips quivered. ' I gave the wife ten shillings the other day,'* sail Mr. Berry to me, 'aud tears of gladness came into her eyes.' The o'.Lir family lived nest dtor. The father wis au old man and ill in bed. He wm a carpenter by trade, and had a family of six children, con sating of two grown-np daughters and foar sons. One of the daughters W33 fadiug away fast from consumption, while the delicacy of the other's complexion sroke too plaiuiy of a tendency in tlie same direction. The second sou was apprenticed to- a trade, aud vies the ccly regular bread-wincer of tbe uiLii.. , L:-i cirim g-. utcounting to 10s. j. ct week. Iht tii'tat mi wa« a c.V.inetraaker, but was aow uii of oror Jr. H- bad recently bven en fIoj fi ~t ♦:?- IV t. bur hid lost the ii-jcf £6 10;. 'lc^ to h»v: r»v.1T^-';u--nc't? i.'.s iyL'!-ter\s itsclvfnrr. HI. u.. fLj«;i »!-! t.ce -It T,vr ^ o ? 1 at! iue nh^r.vei ;! -y toiii-g' tit to .Io, a-id the a.cti tr saia tbi* *L.' Tea' J U,* t-\lr t.v- tviU'Bj to go out as. a monthly nurse. The weekly rent of the house wts 12«. Similarly to those of its neighbour the internal evidences of this home1 were very misleading. 'Tne best room was com fortably famished, and many elegant ornaments j gave the appearance of the possession of fair means. The reluctance to part with any relic of respectability U extremely natural in such a case as this, for too well did the family know that the money received for any article would only be a -temporary stop-gap, and that their Ia*t condition would be much worse than the first. Mr. Berry told me he had frequently visited there, and that on the previous Monday, a bitterly cold day, he had found that there was not a particle of firewcod in the house. He had given them various small sums of money, amounting in all to 30s., bnt what he desired in this case was to devise some means of enabling them to become selfsup porting. He left them with the promise that he would call again soon, and askei them to try and concoct some scheme for their per maseU benefit. I afterwards learnt that their small stock of jewellery had already gone to the pawnbroker's, and that sooner or later, if help came not and times still continued dark, their other effects must follow. The next cases visited were illustrations of man's infidelity to woman. Tha front part of a three-roomed house was tenanted by a woman whose husband had deserted her for eight years, while its back portion was occupied by a young wife and four children — the youngest only a few weeks old. Her husband eloped to Melbourne a short time ago with another woman, and had left his wife to feed his babes as best she could. She was busy washing when we entered, and we found that laundry work was her means of subsistence. The two women managed between them to pay a weekly rent of 10s., but it was a sore struggle sometimes, she said. Going along another back street, Mr. Berry ?topped a low dirty-looking fellow and asked him why he was not at work. 'Will you answer me one question?' was the rejoinder. ' If I were to go stone-napping at Is. 9d. a yard, how much do you think I should earn at it?' Mr. Berry said that if he only applied to the Government he wonld be put on day labour at from four shillings per diem. A growl was the only response. ' Come and see his home,' said my companion to me after he hid passed on. He lived with his wife — whom I recollected having seen at a pawnbroking establishment on a certain occasion— in two little dens of rooms behind a shoemaker's shop. There was no furniture in one room, and in the other only a truckle bed, on which were a pair of blankets, the gift of Mr. Berry. In the bedroom one faded skirt and a dilapidated bonnet were the only articles suspended on the walls, all the remaining possessions of the couple being repre sented by a huge bundle of pawn-tickets which the woman showed us. Boots, petticoats, skirts, sheets, and blankets had all gone, and yet here was her lazy husband sauntering idly about the streets. She had tried to persuade him to go on at tte relief works, she said, but he would not. ' Your hoabind is an able-bodied man, strong and well,' said Mr. Berry, 'and if he won't work, why, you must starve. We can't help such men, you know.' The poor woman seemed to recognise the justice of the decision, and pro mised to try and make her husband go to the Government either for pick-and-shovel or for stone-breaking work. They had one child, and the shoemaker from whom they rented the rooms was threatening to turn them out. The rent was 6s. 6d. per week. The house in which resided the eloquent old Scotch spinster who had visited us at the Mission Hall that morning was next ar rived at. Ia the meantime Mr. Berry hid received a caution through the female missionary, Mrs. Gidley, that the oil lady was addicted to intemperance, and therefore my companion determined to cross examine our loquacious friend on that point. It was a two roomed bouse, of rather preten tious outside appearance, but the bareness of desolation that my eyes were becoming so'accustomed to reigned within. A deal table, two chairs (oue of which had to be brought from the inner room), and a form comprised the whole of the furniture. The family numbered five, and our Scotch friend had been allowed to stop for some weeks as a favour, but now that the eldest son was coming home she was to be turned out. The mother of the family was a widow, but she had property, and lived on the rents, of ' those two little places there.' 'There' meant the back yard, where two little hovels had been erected. In reply to a question, the spinster assured us that she never drank, but was inter rupted by the widow, who said, 'I wouldn't have her tell you a lie, Mr. Berry. She does take a drop now and theu, but nsver to be the worse of it. A glass of gin, bless you, upsets her that way that she doesn't know what she's doing.' The spinster, being thus unexpectedly bronght t« bay by this somewhat contradictory statement, acknowledged that when she had the w rheumatiz vera bad' she d id take a little of some thing warm to keep up her spirits. Before going any further, Mr. Berry made her enter into a solemn compact not to touch any .spirituous liquor, telling her that if he found that she broke her promise he would never again assist her. The old lady promised, and was given a note to another of Mr. Berry's clients, who would probably let her a room, he stipulat ing, if necessary, to furnish the means to pay the rent, which was not a very formidable amount, being only Is. 9d- per week. It was now getting dark, but Mr. Berry was auxious to see a family that had betu spokeu of to him by a gentleman who takes an interest in the mission. We were directed to a thr*ie roomed hut iu a little lane o2 Wright-street, and found a tall nice-looking young girl stand ing at the back entrance. I was struck with the lintless expression which sat upou her pinched bnt pleasing features, which asserted itself in the tones of her voice and in her whole bearing an J gait Was it possible that that constant inward companion of youth had been so long deferred that this young heart was already sick 'i We asked if her mother was iu, and an apathetic nod of the Lead waa her only response. No expression of wonder came into her features, no specu lations as to the purport of our visit appeared to enter her mind— the face told of nothing but absolute blankness. We found htr mother crouching over a few burning chips, crucching raw turnips with avidity. The fitlier was ill in bed with fever. A son who had recently come down from the country, and was a baker by trade, was lying upon a few rags in the third room we visited, also stricken with fever. With the exception of the bed upon which the old man lay there was not the ghost of a piece of furniture. The old woman, sobbing, told us that she had another son, eighteen years of nge, a sLoemaker, who usually piid the rent, which was 16s. a week. The recent strike had thrown him oat of employ ment, and although they only owed 25s. for rent the cruel landlady had sold he: np a day or two back, havirg only left, after the most pitiful entreaties, the bed upon which the old man lay. They had luid tiu food that da-, and the had been getting her supper when we came In. She had pawned her wedding riug for two shillings, with which she had pro cured some meat for tetf-tea for her husband, for whom the Government doctor had ordered nourishing food. Her daughter was 14 years of age, had been out to service, and possessed good references as to character, but times were so hard now that many people had beeu obliged ta dispense with servants. She hoped, however, her girl would soon get another situation. On j.aiticg with the mother I pressed a florin into her hacd, aj-d urged her to have a good supper for occe ; but how inadequate I felt my offering to be in comparison to her needs ! We took the girl with us to a baker's and a butcher's, and Mr. Berry ordered a dajjy quantity of bread and mtat to be allowed up to the usual amount of 5s. at each shop. All thia tinifc the girl walked on like out ia a dream, and, although slse answered our questioaa frankly and unreservedly, never betrayed the slightest token cf btiug interested in our proceedings. It seemed as if Hope wss dead and buried in her heart and black Dejection was it3 winding-sheet, while the principal mourner, Despair, had given place to a far more terrible inmate, Indifference. Poor little atom of opening womanhood : tbe clouds hang dark and heavy above thy vcnthful path; ihe thon.« are Til ek and -?haro that pierce thy feet. May the fntire make thee large amends. Ti»is concluded oar d-:y'n work, aud sic!; at heart I returned lioaa;vr&rds.; Tiw inade^rm-y of the funds at ib* tli«jo»a! of the City Alis s-ccaries seems to rse Ts.-y r.ppi-en*. S^-ve .ty or eighty casts hive alroaJy brttu relieved 1 temporarily— donations of 5». tere and 10s. there ; but such donations do not tend to permanently benefit the recipients ; they are simply sops to the hungry Cerberus who is now let loose in the homes of the poor. We can raise funds for the distressed in Cornwall to the tone of eome hundreds ; ought we not to do a little more than we are doing fcr otur own distreasc 1 ? The Mayor, the city members, and other philanthropic gentle men have moved in the matter and canvassed for subscriptions, bui I thiuk a special effort should be made. Is it a suggestion worth con sidering for ministers to set apart some Sunday for a general collection towards this fund in the same manner that Hospital Sunday is let apart once every year? One general effort and tlie case would be fully met, many homes would be made happy and furnished with tbe means of self-maintenance, instead of, as now, becoming gradually pauperized. I do aver that in these sketches I have exaggerated nothing I saw, and in some instances have considerably under-painted it. The smiles of gratitude that everywhere greeted the worthy City Missionary who labours among the poor, and tlie confidence with which those visited unfolded their troublej to his sympathetic ear, showed me that ho was messenger of gladness to many miserable borne?. His labours are not confined to any particular sect. Roman Catholics and Pro testants of all shades are alike in his eyes if they be but needy and in want. What I have seen others can go and see for themselves. 