AND SWAN HILL GAZETTE. PUBLISHeD WLETILT. KEIIANG, MARCH 14, 1879. BANK HOLIDAY.-The local banks will be closed on Monday next, St. Patrick's day. A notice to that effect will appear in the Government Gazeite to day. CROWDED -our.-Report of Pyramid Hill races; also J.B.'s communication willappear in our next issue. KRaa o 1LACEs.-We Need scarcely remind our readers that, these races come off- at the race-course, Wandella Lake, on Monday next, St. Patrick's day. Should the weather prove fine, no doubt an enjoyable day'will be spent by those who patronise the turf WATER SUPPLY.-Tenders for repair ing the Gunbower dam at Cohuna were dealt with at the shire council meeting on Monday last, the contract being let to W. Bertram for a sum of £61 12s 6d. Tenders are also invited for repair ing the old dam at Lake Leaghur. This is the dam to which we drew attention lately, and the erection of which will be the means of filling the lakes in the back country. The prompt action of the council in this mater is praise worthy. Tenders are also called for constructing a dam over the Barr Creek at Thompson's crossing. SHIRE SevERANcz.-Some of. the councillors on Monday last were making merry over the fact that in all proba bility that would be their last appear ance at the Council table. The procla mation of the new Shire of Moorabinill will most likely appear in the Govern ment. Gazette. to be issued to-day . We understand Messrs Irwin, Kelly, Barnes, and Langdon will offer themselves as candidates to represent the new shire, and the ratepayers of the Shire of Swan Hill will have to look for new blood to represent them, and already candidates are freely spoken "f. As the proclama-. tion of the new shire__wiltakleamwy territory from the Swan Hill Shire.on both the east and west sides of the Loddon, :the boundaries of- the ridings in the latter shire will have to be re vised. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY - John M'Laren was brought up at the Police Court on Tuesday last, charged with being drunk and disorderly, and using obscene language in a public place. Constable O'Donnell stated that the de fendant had been behaving himself in a most disgraceful manner on the previous day, abusing governments, magistrates, councillors, police, and everybody else. The defendant pleaded guilty to the charges, and was fined £1 , in default, 48 hours' imprisonment. As defendant had no money, he was taken away to gaol. Messrs Patchell and Irwin, J's.P., were on the bench. BRIDGE OVER THE LODDON - Tenders for the erection of this -bridge, near Cameron's woolshed, were accepted at the council meeting on Monday last; Mr. J. O'Hearns tender being accepted for the sum of £392 9s 2d. EsmaATuM. - A typograpiliiea .eror -creptiinto the report of the Police Court fin our last issue, in'tbehcase-of Wake field v Esler. It shourd have ,read G. Esler, not F. Esler. SIHIRE CoucI. ---Thlere :wa-a good attendance of councillors at the meeting on Monday last, -and a good deal of business was gone through during the seven hours the council. sat. A full re I-port will be'found tlsewhlere. SLAND . oARDo -The list .of applicaa tions to be consideredd at the Land Board on the 26th inst. -aiqll be found in an other column: . SCric .--.-A -match will be played in Kerang to-morrow,'between the Swan Hill and Kerang- clubs.. The Kerang team will be chosen from the following, who are requested to be on the ground -at I1:30 a..m. sharp :--Messrs Beninett, Bayliss, J.! Cllvert, G. Cornish, Colman, Fry, Jones, 'Lester, Malcolm, M'Kail, Singleton,'L. Taverner, F-Taverner, J. F. Watson,'T. Wilkins. -TO THE WRlNG MI ARKET.-Tie man M'Laren, who has been making himself obnoxious on the wharves in Melbourne recently, and whose career was exposed by the Age, made an attempt in Kerang on Monday to arouse sympathy amongst thei working classes. He appeared on the stump out at knees and elbows, His harangue procured him a lodging in gaol. RECEIvED.-The TemneraneeNeaws for March, from the local agent, Mr A. D. Fraser. DzscovEarY.- A bay mare, branded D over,F K, was found about a mile from Gunbower'Island on Tuesday last. The horse was completely knocked up when ' e ,'. unksnlown to anyone in tlhe LATE RC TELEGRAPH. f OR OW COnaESPONDENaTS ] . andhurst, Thursday; 6.30 p.m. a F Some coils of wire were placed.. on the railway linre two miles from Bal- S lart last night; an atifermpt .to throw f the- train off The- train, came -,on a c coil of Wire, which got entangled. in the wh'els of the engine.' The train I was-delayed a quarter-of an: hour to r get the wheels clear: There has been an increase in the revenue for the current year of 1to3,378. James Jsseppi and James Taylor I were charged at the Rochester Police Court yesterday with horse-stealing, and committed for trial on two counts. The steamship John Elder arrived from London last night. There were doo passengers om board. The Governor's levee yesterday was . great success. The body of Xenophon Watson, who has been missing from Melbourne during the last few days, was found in the Yarra last niight. - There are no news of the Kellys. D'Arcy Reid's Ghost opens in Sand hurst to-morrow - A man named John Scott, herdsman of the Moliagal Farmers' Common, was found dead in his hut; he is sup posed to have been murdered. An inquest was held last night, and has been adjourned to the 18th inst. for further evidence. Deceased was seen in good health and spirits on Monday. On Tuesday evening a neighbour went into his hut to see him, and found him dying on the floor in a pool of blood. A hammer stained with blood was lying alongside. Death was caused by fracture of the skull. The murderer is not discovered. nLondon, 12th March. The homeward ;mails, via Brindisi, i per Tanjore, which' left Melbouine on I the 25th Janruary, ,:vere "delivered on' Ithe zoth inst." Sydney, Thursday Lady Robertsdn, wife of Sir John Robertson, was driving` in George-st. last night, when the cab in which she was seated was smashed, but she es caped unhurt. - ! - ? Dunolly. Thursday. Mat Scott, suppossed to have been murdered, when found had only a shirt on, and was on his knees on the floor, with a mattress slightly over him. He presented a horrible appearance. Par ticulars of the inquest not yet to hand. Dr. Green had to make a post mortem examination. The detectives pro ceeded to the locality yesterday even ing. Scott was last seen at a neigh bour's house, about four o'clock on Monday afternoon. \- Melbo?rne, Thursday. Messrs 3M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co,, having obtained an, injunction to prevent the Aldinga from prcceeding to King's Island, the Iproposed trip to that place has been' for the present postponed.. I uniderstand - that the charterer of the stearler had made all necessary arrangemnents with the plain tiff to enable the stee'mer to go into Tasmaniaa waters, and, that he intends to apply to have the injunction re moved. A statement made is that-a sum of £5roo was to be paid to Messrs M'Meckan and C.., for the right.to take- the -steamer oc t of Victorian waters. ' I - No new telegrams ab~out the Kellys. 