SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MEMS. "The men employed on the floors at the Moonta Mines were," says the Wallaroo Times of March 12, " informed last week that owing to the continued depression in the copper market their wages would be 4s. 6d. per day, instead of 6B. as formerly." In December, last year, at the examinations for the University scholarships only one competitor passed out of seven who came forward. After some deliberation it was agreed to allow the other six to come up again at the University examinations during the present month. Only four of the six have presented themselves, and these have to compete for two scholarships of £50 each, tenable for three years. The Border Watch of March 8th says :—" From several stations we hear reports of stock suffering severely from want of feed and water, and there is no doubt that if rain does not come soon the losses will be very heavy. Already sheep are dying in considerable numbers, and in soipe cases the waterholes are getting blocked up with their dead carcases. Farmers, too are. complaining of scant feed, and their big hay-stacks are not likely to prove any too big by the time spring coma." Professor Tate, who left Adelaide about two months ago to make a geological inspection of the countay north of the Ghreat Australian Bight, with the view to advise respecting the prospects of obtaining a supply of water in that arid district by means of artesian wells, is returning to Adelaide. He was accompanied by Mr. Barron, of tiie Survey Department and the expedition as far as we know at present has not led to any important result " The reason for expecting the Mansfield gang in the vicinity of the South Australian border is robably," says the Hamilton Spectator, " that lyrne, who is a member of the gang, is known to have friends at Mount Oambier. Tlie bank robberies committed by the Kellys have always been preceded by an influx ot strangers into theltownship where the attack was to be made, ana it is probable that amongst the people whom it is customary for' Mr. Kelly* to bail up at the hotels and stations visited by him there is always a sprinkling of confederates, who, if a shot was fired, would be ready to assist in carrying out the threats made by the leader of the gang that, in the event of resistance being offend, the local population would be able to swim in their own blood." The following strange affair is reported from MacDonnell Bay in the SoitiJi-Eastem Star of March 7th :—" An extraordinary supernatural occurrence, which is said to have taken place on the coast between here and Rivoli Bar, is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Camson have been at work lor some little time obtaining oil from the whale which was stranded on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity, and did not return to their tent until after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Garrison was loading his gun for a last shot, when all at onoe he heard a hideous yell, and turnin his eyes in the direction from whence the soum proceeded, he observed what appeared to be a man of rather unusually tall stature making towards him. Carrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object, and it appeared so weird ana unearthly that his blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On it came, and as it approached yelled again. Carrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim, fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight, ana left no trace behind. At the same instant Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having his gun loaded and capped at the time, fired. That object, too, jarea to have felt tue shot, and melted into The people here believe the ghost or ghosts are those of some person or persons who nave been murdered near the spot where they were s&n.;" 