ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Saturday night Mr. Dampier returned to the Theatre Royal, and reproduced " Valjean," taken from " Lea Miserablea," one of those pieceB he presented some time before he went to England. He has considerably modified it, more especially in those scenes in which his little daughters appear. It is a taking drama, and, if not of the highest class, it is a good example of its class, that is to say, of romantic plays in which there is plenty of light, and shadow, and stirring incident, and strong situation. The coming event at this theatre is the revival of " Richard the Third," according to Shakspeare, and not according to Cibber, It was done in this fashion some years ago by Mr. Starke, but" it pleased not the million," who cried aloud for their Cibberian bar barisms. Perhaps the million has improved its judgment since then, and Mr. Dampiec will be more fortunate than Mr. Starke was. He ought so to be. Anybody ought to be successful who gives us the true instead of the mutilated Shakspeare. li&st; night there were to be " The Hypocrite" and " Belphe gor" at half price, for the benefit of (he un employed, and to-night we are to have " Uncle Tom's Cabin." At the Opera-house "The Girls" hps en joyed a measure of success, U not in propor tion to its deserts, perhaps not greatly within expectations, remembering the bad ness of the times, and the difficulty o£ persuading the public, even the intelligent public, that there is a,positivf education in a well-written, well-reprejaeixted ptyy. .And " The Girls" will bear seeingagoo# qiany timeB without risk of weariness. Mr. Mar shall himBelf is a srady, worthy particular attention. You cannot help tiring impressed with the entixfc absorption of htoself in character hp pleya. Thereis no questiop that he is one, of the ipoBfi, pngiiwtl actors ye have ever had'ujion the stage pf this colony» and is worthy fo' be mentioned with such names as Lambert, 'Rogers, and Jefferson. We have probably yet not seenhim at hia best, for all that he has been so admirable in Markbam juid; Flantagenfit Potter, hut that he has resenred himself for a surprise, which will more ^han confirm wfyat has been said of his rare merit. Of Miss Taylors compact humour in the old farce of "Stage Struck "them, might be mnch said.- There is no uncertainty about what Miss Taylor doeBf She.^Mf. clearly quite made up her mind about it.and, hayins made up her mind, s}ie.outlines her cfaa^cfera with so firm and free ahand, that thfc pictures Btay always with you. Of Mr. Roberts's amusing specialties, the public have given a definite opinion. His operatic quizzings are of the kind you cannot ^ell resist, You laugh at them because they we .in the .farae spirit of good-natured ridicule, He has an advantage, as need hardly be Baifl, in thpt.be /ridicules what 1B, inits nature, ridicidous, a truth which is beginning to' Sawn upon the musical mind. NevertheleWi it only dawn* tod, and it nifty be a Jon# lime before it i* seen in (he full light of tiny. The Princess'# in still closed, but it is to be reopened this flight week, with h new torn jinny ami nt reduced prices, by Mr. Hamil ton. On Monday the Academy of Music was sold to a Mr. Cooper, We are quite unable to say what are Mr. Cooper's views on the eiiInject of the property he has bought, but probably the management of the theatre proper will go on much the same as hitherto. In any case we are all sorry for Mr. AaronB, nnd nobody will forget to remember, that it is to him we are indebted for the most elegant place of amusement in the southern hemisphere. We are unaware if this change of ownership will make any differ ence so far as his connexion with it is con cerned. Mr. Cooper may be an experienced theatrical man, but if be is, he hascarefully com cealed bis knowledge from theatrical people There may be a quite new regime awaiting the Academy. For the present, however, things look just as they did. Thus, "Pinafore" having ended, the "Sorcerer" bas begun, and Mr. Hall iB still, according to the bills, the " leasee and responsible manager." It was with the sense of losing sight for the laBt time of an old and pleasant friend that we, and many others, saw the curtain fall for the last time on " H.M.S. Pinafore " on Saturday night. The conditions of life became sensibly duller by its disappear ance. During the time of its currency it had afforded to so many of us in Mel bourne a delightful amusement, and we had been to see it over and over again, and each time with a heightened sense of its fun, and frolic, and harmless delights. And now it is gone. Its interest and charm were a compound of many pleasant elements. The music was bright and melodious, and the libretto was exquisitely comic. If we ask in what the comic consisted, it may, we think, be admitted that it did not borrow much from humour or from wit. It was derived from the delicious absurdity pro duced by bringing into prominence some of our current and little-heeded incongruities such as the talk about equality, forgetful of its necessary limitations, and such as the odd pro cess of selection by which we get our Lords of the Admiralty, the modern political repre sentatives of the Drakes, and the earlier Vikings of the past. In all this Mr. Gilbert had no satirical aim. There is no " moral" to " Pinafore." His only object was to use oddity for the purpose of evoking fun. The element of the grotesque, thus derived, is stimulated by poetic exaggeration, and is then brought into vivid contrast with the strain of Berio-comic sentimentality infused through the whole. Put all this into light, easy, pointed verse, ringing with a merry jingle, fit these to a brilliant musical setting top-full of melody and vivacity, and you have " Pinafore," perhaps the most capti vating dramatic trifle seen in our genera tion. We knowBome estimable people who went to the Academy of Music, conscientiously listened to the piece, and afterwards remarked that they "could not see much in 'Pina fore.'" One worthy gentleman of our acquaintance went so far as to say he thought it "very improbable." Well, it is too true that there is not much in it, and. that it is very improbable, and on these points there is not anything more to say. But it gave six pleasurable weeks to the Melbourne public, and sent us home night after night amuBed and delighted. It introduced as to a world of bright, joyous absurdity, as unreal but quite as attractive as the fairy world of our childhood, and the romance world of later years. A word as to the performers. It seemed quite clear that they enjoyed the comicality of the piece almost as much as the audience. All deserved well, but there was no one to dispute the supremacy of Mrs. Lingard surely the creator's own ideal of Josephine. Mrs. Lingard seemed inspired by the very genius of fun, and fun never assumed a more delightful shape, set off and not in any way restrained by the qualities of beauty, and grace, and trained ability, than it did in that charming impersonation. Not the least of '^Pinafore's" merits was that it served to introduce this lady to us in comic opera, and thus showed us an entirely new range of her varied capabilities. On Monday, in place of " Pinafore," we had "The Sorcerer," invented, as most people by this time know, by Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan, who had in their eye when writing it our old friend Mrs. G. B. Allen, known to us otherwise as Alice May. At once it may be said without any sort of bush beating, that " The Sorcerer" is greatly in ferior to "Pinafore." Indeed, if you compared the two, yon would pay no compliment to the latter. No doubt the authors of " The Sor cerer" intended to show Bomeof the absurdity of ordinary opera, which, as we know, is full of absurdity! but they have shown only a: vefcy little. They have imitated opera, but what then? ' An imitation is not necessarily a tra vestie. But"TheSorcerer" is dull. You may try tothinkthatthe authors are poking fun at you, and you may try to laugh at the fun, but the | laugh iB of the kind which is done to order. If you'are left to yourself you will not laugh, unless you are of a hysterical disposition, and must laugh at something. Naturally you will admire Mrs. Lingard, but then you would bdmire her under any circumstances; land would confess that Mr. Lingard'B part is quite as amusing as it is pos Bible to make it, and .(feat Mrs. Hall looks moBt comfortably comely aB a pleasant lady of a century ago; and thatMr. Hall, although hisVoice will not let him sing, does all the rest, other than what is required in the nature of "vocalisation, extremely well, as is hiB manner of doing; tand that Mr. John Forde, as an ecclesiastic'of a benevolent turn of mind, is admirably pnt together; and that Miss Wiseman, as a pretty little rustic of any Period yon like to imagine, iB of a very win* some disposition | and that Miss Kotey, m a rusty eld woman, has sacrificed h#r kooiI locks with a triost fifAlsewot-ihy regard for the rfenllty ol the character; and that Mr Skinner in at dtifT and unlovable a lover an fever was loved by a perfectly lovable woman. But all of these, be they ever ao determined In their determination, cannot make " The Sorcerer" other than a dull play, for all that it is understood to be a lyrical pasquinade, at which we are invited to be merry. It is not that the plot is not much of a plot, nor that the characters have no sort of indi viduality, but ate only commonplace repeti tions of old types, for neither is there much plot in " Pinafote," nor is there anything very striking in the characters. But there is in "Pinafore, "all through, a fine current of deli cate badinage, and there are points of the most charmingly grotesque kind, and, moreover, the music is very taking, and all the situations are pleasant surprises, and the dialogue ripples with quaint conceits. In all these qualities of merit " The Sorcerer" is deficient. You look for the fun which never comes, you listen for sparkling music which is never sung, you misB the situations which send you into exhilarating laughter. It might be called " The Tale of a Teapot." The authors seem to have desired to write a kind of burlesque upon the incantation scene in " Der Frieachutz," and, after labouring very hard, they produced-a teapot! A gentleman, having been married, desires to set other people on to be married also, and for this purpose he procures a sorcerer, whom he instructs to make tea which Bhall bewitch peopl^ into falling in love whether they will or no. The Borcerer sets fire to something in the teapot, and invokes the spirits to come and aid him. If they aid him they do it invisibly. The teapot blazes for a while, and then a number of people drink tea out of it, and are forthwith bewitched into loving one another, the wrong people being coupled. In order to undo this mischief, it is pronounced that somebody must die, and the lot falls upon the sorcerer, who goes half I way down through a trap-and that is all. I Nothing more meagre in the way of humour has ever been put upon the Melbourne stage. There are clever actors, pretty dresses fairly good scenery, some music you cannot carry away, and the curtain descends-and you are thankful. The best thing the management can do, therefore, is to restore " Pianofore" by all means. Let UB be thankful that " The Sorcerer" is not the whole bill. It has been preceded during the week by " Delicate Ground," now called in the bills " Pauline," neither of which titleB bears any sort of relation to the title it was originally known by, when first played in Paris. It is needless to say it is the perfection of a little comedy, and as Mrs. Lingard played the character of Pauline, it is equally needless to say that this portion of it was as admirable as the play itself. The piece has often been done in Melbourne, and there have been many Paulines, but there has been no Pauline like Mrs. Lingard's. For, leaving looks out of the record, and assuming, as you may, that these were fault less, the sparkle, the airiness, the archness, the pretty waywardness, and the real feeling which make up the character, could not be topped. Mr3. Lingard, in ahort, made one think the play could surely never have been performed before in Melbourne, so com pletely did she present the character in a different light. There have been times when "Delicate Ground" has been played to make it all Citizen Sangfroid; but Mrs. Lingard made it all Pauline, Citizen Sang froid being almost nowhere. And yet Mr. Flemming played Sangfroid very respectably, and Mr. Phillips Alphonse very excellently. But, you know, in the presence of the electric light, even good wax candles do not go for much. Mademoiselle Charbonnet gave the second of her present series of matinees at Mr. Glen's Rooms on Saturday afternoon last. It was an excellent performance, and Mademoiselle was at her best; so also was M. Caron, who played delightfully, and Mies O'Brien sang so sweetly, and with so much power, that she quite astonished those who had heard her on the previous Saturday. The feature of the occasion was the " Danae Macabre" of M. Camille St. Saens. You have probably not heard much of M. St. Saens,' but, after having heard this " Danse Macabre," you will probably know more of St. Saens. He is one of a new school, who use music to express strongly emotional ideas, without bringing in the element of words. They make musical Bounds tell the story. The well-kno^n " Songa without WordB" are designed on this principle, no donbt, but M. St. Saens' symphonic poems are more than songs; they are dramas, legendB, weird histories, ghost stories, thrill ing tales, stirring life-episodes. Nor are you to Buppose that M. St. Saens has written nothing but symphonic poems. He has given to the world several concertos.; some operas, of which " Timbre d'Argent," " Princesse Jaune," and "Samson et Dalila," may be mentioned ; and of trioB and quartets the number, if not legion, is considerable. Among his symphonic poems may be men tioned " Le Deluge," a work in the oratorio manner, with full chorus and very fine orches tral combinations, and a real oratorio having the title of "Noel," which, inFrance, is already very popular at Christmas time. It will be seen therefore, that he is a composer who deserves to be known as well here as he is in his own country, and Mademoiselle Charbonnet merits the thanke of genuinely musical people, for having given them anjopportunity of becoming acquainted with him by his "DanBe Macibre." It!may be that, given with entire orchestral accompaniments, the effect of this symphonic poem would be all the greater and better, but this is only saying that a life-Bize Btatue is better than a statuette. Considering the comparatively limited orchestral resources at Madame Charbonnet's command, the effect of this production was very remarkable, and, twj the ntidte/iN) ehfflrtd H ttfid liitMied to If* entire fepfetHtoh, it In vfefy terUifi tfmt they mtk jdtflxed with U,and the Ntronfl fc*|ir«ftlwt of their sftttoffteHwitoitn evldfencfewf tbelf md Judgment and tttdt#. " La OuttSfe MtfAhte'' bus (i ghostly theme. The wene is a oh«N;)i yard, and the actors ftfft spectres, who danfce madly till the crowing of the cook announces that day Is neari atid then (hey go back to their graves, The manic to which they dance is supplied by ft spectre violinist, who, stealing out of his tomb and playing, at first, soft strains, which take him buck to the pleasant days of his earth-life, he works gradually into a dance-memory, and this brings out of their tombs the other tenants of the churchyard. The effects of a storm are introduced, so as to make the revel all the madder, and it only requires the exercise of a little imagination, to carry the mind through the whole of the ghostly dance to the cockcrow. It would, no doubt, be pos sible to get more realistic effects by the in troduction of sounds not legitimately belong* ingtothe appliances proper to the subject. But M. St. Satins has proposed to himself to get all bis effects without adventitious aid, BO that when he makes the midnight hour strike upon a violoncello, and getB his cock crow out of a clarionet, you feel that he has artistically withheld himself from the temptation to go out of the track of legiti mate resources. You confess that St. Saiins is a true tone-poet, and you wish to hear more of him. Of the execution of this work, of course, first credit must be given to Mademoiselle Charbonnet for the share she took in it. She played the whole of the music from memory, itself surely a feat of some consideration. But this was only a part of the merit. She flung herself into the spirit of the description with a spirit and a vigour which, if Bhe had never been heard before, would have stamped her at once an executant of the best kind, and she worked with M. Caron, Mr. E. King, Mr. Ernest King, Mr. A. Montague, and Mr. Flock as if she had set her life upon the task of doing justice to the composer. And of these gentlemen it is only just to them to say, that they entered into the art-business of the performance as if it had been a true labour of love. It is, indeed, most encourag ing to hear high-class works of this kind, given with such a high measure of com pleteness, the more so, considering that an orchestra of 50 might very well have occupied themselves in bringing out its full effects. It is intended to repeat this work, and Mademoiselle Charbonnet proposes to introduce others by the same composer in the course of her matinees. Her example will probably stimulate that somno lent body, the Philharmonic Society, to take up Bome of these newer methods of orchestral description. There was a very full attendance at the Town-hall on Monday night, on the occasion of the concert got up in aid of the distress fund, principally through the efforts of Mr. C. Plaisted, who himself commenced the fes tival with a very good performance on the organ, the subject being the great march from " The Prophet." Mr. Edeson and Mr. SykeB, both masters of their instrument, followed subsequently, the former with the overture to " Zampa," and the latter with a national selection. Made moiselle Charbonnet played in her perfect manner a selection from "Lucia;" Mr. Siede gave a solo upon his own instrument with unerring beauty, and Mr. Curtis both in solo and in quartett, acquitted himself with a rare merit, which the audience most cordially acknowledged. Of vocalists there were Mr. Staker, and Miss Roaina Carandini, and Mr. Alfred Ford, and Mr. Lamble, and Miss RoBaly Merz, and Mrs. Cutter, and Mr. Sterling, and Mr. Moroney and Signor Giammona, and more besides. More over, there was the Melbourne Lieder tafel, and we know very well what they can do, and various other excellent contributions to a good evening's entertainment, quite too numerous to mention. The result, it is said, will be £250, and this, to those who are said to be hungry, is the best item in all the pro gramme. Professor Pepper has been giving his most pleasant and equally instructive lectures at St. George's Hall all the week of an evening and on Saturdays and Wednesdays of an afternoon. In the midst of a good deal of ignorance, Professor Pepper has the very best opportunity of diffusing some of the light of science, and, as he does it in the pleasanteBt possible way, he cannot help being successful. And if perhapB there is just a little too much magic lantern, and perhaps too little science, he may. haply plead that as his audiences, for the most part, are of the magic-lantern loving sort, he can lead them gently up from the magic lantern pictures, to the abstruser mysteries of science. 1 