LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Lacepede Islands.?Among the passen- gers by the incoming mail from England is Mr. McDonald, to whom we understand the Govern- ment have leased the Lacepede Islands for a term of years. Better Still.?His Excellency the Governor has received a telegram from tho Crown Agents notifying that the £100,000 loan was floated for £98 16s. and not £98 12s., as stated in the As- sociated Press telegram. City Reserves.?We understand that the Government have intimated their intention to hand over the Recreation Ground (between the two jetties), the Cricket Ground, and Victoria Park, to the City Council, in trust for the citi- zens. Buckley's Variety Troupe.?This versatile troupe of artists, just arrived from Sydney, will open at the Town Hall this evening. Their performances are very highly spoken of by the Press of the neighboring colonies. Their enter- tainment, which is calculated to create un- limited fun, embraces every department of minstrelsy and burlesque, and. we expect the troupe will have a prosperous season here. Down a Well. ?A three-year-old youngster, named Bufton, whose parents reside in Hay street, fell down a well yesterday afternoon. It appears the little girl was playing, with some other children, around the well, which was uncovered, and tumbled in. The screams of the mother brought a neighbor, Mr. Mansfield, to the rescue, and he instantly descended the well and brought up the adventurous young lady, apparently none the worse for her ""duck- ing." Anglo-Australian Shipping. ? It appears from our tiles to hand by the mail that the Bonnie Lassie arrived at Gravesend from Port Walcott on Feb. 21; and the Corfu from Cham- pion Bay, on March 5. A large number of vessels are reported to have arrived at various British ports from the Lacepede Islands. The follow- ing vessels were on the berth for this' colony when the mail left: the Bonnie Lassie, and the Cubana (499 tons) at London; and the Seatoller (558 tons), at Liverpool.- ¦ ( A Ghostly Visitor.?A ghost, it appears, has been " revisiting the glimpses of the moon and making night hideous at the eastern end of Adelaide Terrace, during the past few even-, ings. Whether the visitor's "intents are wicked or charitable," and whether he be " a spirit of health, or goblin damn'd," hath not yet tran- spired. Our advice to our friend the ghost, is that of Hamlet to his father's?" Rest, rest, per- turbed spirit!" We know of one or two excellent shots in your eud of the town. A Malicious Act.?A cowardly scoundrel, unknown but suspected, committed a dastardly act on Friday night, at Perth, by deliber- ately cutting the throat of a saddlei horse be- longing to a man named Anthony. Davis, a: boarding- house keeper, of this city. The deed was committed with a knife, or some other Bharp in- strument, and though the wound did not prove fatal to the horse, its injuries were very severe,' and it'is now under the charge of a veterinary surgeon. It is to be hoped the miscreant will be brought to justice, . Sudden Death.?On Tuesday morning last,' an old man named Freeling, commonly- known as " Briney " was discovered dead in his bed at his lodgings in Murray street. Deceased, who was a moulder by trade, had formerly been em- ployed as a boatman, but latterly as a hawker of tish. He had enjoyed good health, and on Monday night when he went to bed there was nothing apparently the matter with him. A post-mortem examination was, made of the bod v, and the medical testimony went to' Bhow that death was the result of heart disease. Serious Accident.?A very severe accident ' occurred the other evening, whereby one of Mr.' C. G. H. Cooper's sons sustained very serious injuries. It appears the lad, in company witb ..other hoya; went across .the river for the purpose Ksf duck-shooting, and, ingoing over, their supply j of powder got damp. When the party landed j o%$hfrother side of the'. river, they lighted a * flrerand placed a package of the damped powder ^neiff it^:to dry.; Itt a few minutes the. powder ... iexploded, and youug Cooper, who was standing Jby,.had,one bf his legs frightfully braised ana ^aeeml^di- The injured-lad was immediately ^conveyedhome-in; the boat, and, under careful g^rgieal. treatment, is now slowly recovering. \tTKKBtEE3 for Eastern Railway.?The ten deJE»;fqr-the construction of-the first section of , tfcfc* pastern JtaiUvay were opened yesterday. ' w ^communicated with the Commissioner of :.&atiw;*ys, in" the hope of being able to furnish j outreach? rs this morning with, the name of the successful tenderer, but our reply from Mr. Thomas waa.; '"lath sorry I cannot give the information you require, as I have first to report to His Excellency the Governor." We are, however, enabled to say that a tender has been accepted, and on terms which cannot but be regarded as satisfactory, being below the amount estimated by the Commissioner of Railways. This amount, it will be remembered, was based upon .the preliminary survey, and before it was decided to take the line through the heart of the town. Guano Deposits.?With regard to the work- ing of the guano deposits on the Lacepede Is- lands, the Deginning of the end, commercially has'come, and the'question of disputed posses- sion (says the Argus) which at one time threa- tened to lead to lead to diplomatic entangle- ments, will soon be forgotten. The schooner Aurora, which arrived from the islands yester- day, brought back Captain R. M'Eachern, who has been identified with the guauo export en- terprise there for some time, and whose experi- ences, as well as those of others, in connexion with the islands have not been of a rose-colour description. Captain M'Eachern has brought back with bim all the plant used in the work of excavating, preparing, and loading, and he states ; that the quantity of guano now available it} not i more than 2,000 tons. . iSi.^ George's Cathedral.?A meeting of the parishioners of St. George's was held in the Cathedral Sunday school room on Wednesday evening for the election of churchwardens and ¦vestrymen. There was a very meagre attend- ance. 'Mr. W. Knight was nominated clergy- man's churchwarden for the ensuing year, and Mr, Godfrey Knight was elected as people's churchwarden, vice Mr. E. A. Stone, who de clinecl to be again nominated as a candidate. The following vestrymen were elected for the year; several of the retiring members refusing . to be put in nomination : Messrs. J. Kenworthy, A: D.. Letch, Geo. Phillips, E. W. Haynes, J. j T. Denny, Joe Hillman, J. Bowra, and R. C. Loftie;- A desultory conversation took place at the meeting relative to the erection of the pro- posed new Cathedral, but no definite resolution was adopted. . .._ In.?JExplanation.?Our Saturday contem- porary accuses us of having, in an article which .^peaf^tF^in pur issue of the 15th inst, recom- mended the " idea" of an income tax, as a means of increasing the public revenue. We did .nothing'of the kind. Our esteemed contem- porary^ should read the article again, withins spectacles on. We are also twitted by our con- temporary?always wide- awake?with being ignorant of the fact that the "spirited pro- prietors" of our river steamers had, for more i 1 than a week past, been running their ves-M sels- for free fares. We frankly acknow-M ledge -our ignorance. And we can only ex- press, our .regret that, for that very reason we missed the opportunity availed of by our better informed contemporary of having cheap trips up and idowu the river at the expense of the "spirited proprietors". ! I A Novel Mode of Advertising.- One of the oddest objects for which a limited liability com- pany can be formed is surely that of adver- tising, on .dinner- plates. For this "The Con- tinental Advertising Refreshment Plate--Com-" pany" ask for £5000 from the public, the total capital proposed being £10,000. The method projected is, we are told, "by neatly-designed advertisements on the rims of refreshment plates dishes, saucers, &c;, which aro to be made of .porcelain, china, earthenware, or other material, to be distributed amongst the different hotels, restaurants, and cafes in the chief cities and towns of France and Belgium." This is to be " the cheapest mode of permanent advertising ever yet introduced," as so many plates will be seen by so many people per day,' and, "the average cost to advertisers will be about 1-3/4 d. per plate for each advertisement." The inge- nuity of advertisers and .those who take them under, their wings is boundless. The *? Herald" and Bishop Parry's Wed- ding.?Saturday's Herald has a short paragraph purporting to afford a description of the cere- mony, connected with Bishop Parry's wedding. " Our contemporary does not seem to be aware of the fact" that the Bishop's name is not "Edward," but Henry-Hutton. "Our con temporary does not seem to be aware of the fact"jfch».tJ' dove." color is not lavender. " Our contemporary does not seem* to be aware of the fecjt" that. two of the (so-called) bridesmaids were not "youthful nieces" of the bride, but that of the two young ladies referred to as such by,; .dur1-contemporary one was the Bishop's own daughter, Miss Parry, and the other the daugh- ter of the:Rev. Mr. Allen. Finally, "our con- temporary does not seem to be aware of the fact that the destination of the bride and bridegroom was not " Guildford" but Bunbury. j 