SOUTH AUSTRALIAN CONGREGA TIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. HALF-YEARLY MEETINGS. The half-yearly meetings of the South Aus- tralian Congregational Union and Home Mis- sion were held at the North Adelaide Congrega- tional Church on Tuesday. October 28. In the morning a devotional service was conducted by the Rev. O. Copland. There were only a few persons present. The public and delegates business meetings were afterwards held. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Bev. 3. McEwm (Chairman of the Union), who presided, delivered the ensto mary half-yearly address, his subject being1 " The secret of power." The rev. gentle man commenced by referring to the necessity existing for soldiers of Christ to be bold in their warfare against the organisations arrayed against the cross. These he enumerated, as heathenism, which, however, might be regarded as a waning force; Popery, which, although wounded it was thought unto death, had latterly recovered surprisingly, and was putting forth bold and daring pretensions; scepticism, polished,cultured, would-be scientific scepticism, which was invading the strongholds of religion and attacking the very vitals of the Christian faith; ungodliness springing from the deep seated depravity of the human heart, an ungod- liness which made men lovers of pleasure rather than of God, which found its outcome in intemperance, sensuality, Sabbath-breaking, absence from the means of grace, and unlawless- ness and vice generally. The church had also to contend against a spirit of false and spurious liberalism within herself, with a spirit of accom modating to the world, with a disposition to gloss over unpleasant truths, to make the terrors of the lord less terrible, and to place divine revelation on its trial at the bar of human reason and sentiment Chief among these he placed ungodliness, and called upon all earnest christiams to testify against this and overcome it. Ha admitted that with all the machinery of the church they appeared to fail in subduing this spirit,and at tributed the failure to weakneas,an impotency resulting from neglect to arm themselves with the power of God. The history of their relUgno proved that men had been armed with this power; even the- present day famished ex? -. amples of men: who possessed it,andbke«sJal' stood ? head and shoulders above ihafe - brethren. One of the pre-requisztes of ska* power was the possession ottne HMye Ghost; . The absence rt the Holy Spirit would eassra ' weakness; its jnamssiuii was * guarantee o£ - power. It might be asked "Wacao* the Half" Ghost sent to abide with the church forever, how thesi can we be weak?" The answer wast " Because by our conduct we can neutralise tto Spirit's fnfln«n«i and resist htaimpulses, qvenesi his lights aiid render oursdveaunflt instrument* - for fiic use." Impurity* self- indalgaaee, sloth, indifference, prayerlessness and unbelief would do this. AnrrthfT fimntial for power, was parity. While not prepared to say that God withdrew his presence from, the church at the present day>. because many within, it were not para.- as> asserted that He would withhold Hia Illuming from any church or any man who west ■ guilty of deliberate eomp?dty with- eviL It was here that the source of much of ~ the weakness of the church lay. Shawms not ; puxe, being guilty of deliberate complicity with . eviL The spiritual tone of the church was not ■ hjgh aaoogn to irmistapan theeacsrqeeof dl??aV* : pline npon offenders, espeetaQy those wS? war* wealthy and innnwitial. "The ebons," ae> ■ said,"is casting the segis of itsproteeiiuu aa* • approval to-day over men who areengaged ia - bad tradesymr men who have been openly con vieted of dishonesty aad immorality. The . world can see this, and has loss confidence in ' the church and in the TnmeHMinem and integrity of both minJaters and people. In its eyeu the ehareh is weak and ooa temptible. We need to roll away therepraatk. ■ We have hud value upon numbers rather tfcsa • parity and consistency. God would ntherhsvsv - purity than numbers. He thinned oottbe army ■ of Gideon till it was one hundred times learn than at first, and then to the little remnant of men after Hia own heart He gave the victory. Let the church east out from her ranks taoaa who are known to be unworthy. This may be> but in thrir stead will come back the ntesenssc ' of God and His strength and peace." : Heals*. ■ insisted upon purity in individuals, contending; . > that sclf?gratineatimv irlimpas^**'^ Immmmii .gmsv Z were fatal to spiritual, power. .A*..* . second element, oi power, and the ?«Yf>K f^i of all, he mentioned faith, whioky link- • ing-mam: to Qod,_gare. jnimstliata atrongfchv . . Another element waspeaysr. By simply taking; they injghtobtam aH they wanted tor cam . Christian wofkr™"wisdom,, stcsngsb, ooosag?f grace, and power far service. H? deeply moaned the comparative pyayeritawic ss of that church and the neglect of prnato and famO* devotion. And ministers also, ha said, might • trace their lack ef power to neglect of prayer. He implored.them to go down on their kaaaa and pray, to send np a mighty «ry to God fee each other and for a htin4wt.enssMred>dyis?X - ■ wozld,aiidiM>t to rest content tiathayreeeivea> : a baptism of pover which would send? them: on*. intottoworldtoearryallbeforethem.laiealba, . recognised another etementfff power, tbat Chris-. tian seal which bad been denned as. "a passion ot grief, aad anger, fervent. love, and holy derir* all fused together in one holy emotion ot the. soul, spending ttsolf for the glory of. Ohrist. 9 Zeal would take away sloth and awaken te . activity ; it would baniah turiditr «md-iu?pir? courage ;it would lift men oat of the rat* of ; propriety and conventionalism and give tbeas a, holy abandon in God's work. The church was dying of a cold, \ej propriety. Christians would not speak[totl?eirfellow- Chrisaan?; they would. - not urge a sinner to accept salvation until they bad been introduced. .Men would nob leave the . beaten track in Christian work lest they should be regarded as enthusiasts. . Zeal . would cure. this wretched ponveniibna?sm; it would lead men to forget theinselvea and" tnnir own reputation, and tnra with'ah eaxnest desire for God's glory and the; welfare of ifrKfrrr. - Having referred to the work of the Sslrstfoo. . Axsdt in Eiiftlsnd fat i*T*pti?Tftfl intn inuMssianod. strain to his hearers to be More sealous ia. God's work, to aim themselves with the -dtvinefy. given weapons, and to proclaim the only life saving truth to the world earnestly, fearlessly, and faithfully. He asked lainiirtwrt to anou themselves with the weapon of Divine warfare) and fight manfully, and as individaala he urged them all to wash their bands of compGait r with.. evil, to be real and true in their religion, to consecrate themselves fully to the Lord, keeping; KfH-w ?><rt>i^p£ fM«m Him ta cultivate faith and prayer and ardent seal, and to yield' thenuelTes up to the prompting* ot QodTs' spirit* nos qoencbing His light orrerfstmg Hk inflAjenees. The Bev. H. CassraAM proposed a vote o£ tt^nta to the ft't'^™*'' for his paper. ~ Ha thought the paper was full of truth and con eat both in doctrine and practice. Th?Be.v. M. HL Dick seconded, exprestmg faw enaxe aeq,o«e9 cenoe with the remarks, mads by tte analnaan, both as regarded the- present sonxtts oX weakoesa, ia the ehareh and the plenwmteof. pawec Hat was of opinion that the' half-yearly meeting* of the Union ahould be devoted to the con sideration of such subjects ? that dealt with, in the paper to a far gnster. extent thaa formerly. The Bev. O. C-aeuso agreed, with, this, and signified his appr- ?al of the sentimental of the chairman expresse-im the paper. Mr. K. Searle, the Bevs. J. Te rguason and V. Searle. and Mr. J.Davis also r«jo«ded their approval of. ' the paper, and the mot'job was carried.. PHB3OHAT „ 4c. The?ev. W. K. Fi jacHSB, H. A, proposed Mr. P. Searle an a personal member. Heexpreased the hope that the ?iow would not be far distant when Mr. Searle - would attend their meetings as the patter of onr t of their churches. He warmly congratulated "jjr. Searle on his safe return, from Kngland., Carried. A welcoir e wu accordsd Mr. Browning, & member of the Collins-street Chureh, who was on a visit +x> the coieny. EOIX or DKLBQATB3. The *Jrxxrr&-SzcBETAMi read the roll-call aa fallow a:—Stow Chureh—Bev. W. R.Fletcher, Bev.. C. Hall, Messrs. W. Butt, H. A. Crawford, A. Dowie, B. Stnckey, J. J. Stuokey, H. Dean, W/. Berry, D. B. Adamaon, and V. Bobin. North Adelaide—Bev. O. Copland, Messrs. G. Phillips, J. M. Anderson, J. J. Green. J. F. Oonigrave, A. Gore, A. S. Devanish, £. Searle, J. Porter, A. Pomeroy, W. H. Tite, J. Tasker, and J.M.Anderson. Hindmaish-aatureOhuroh. . ~*«i Wv O. Boilr, S. Whitmore, O Sawney. J. IL Dow*,, ana W. D. Clyde. Port Adelaide Hot. M. M. Diok, Messrs. X. MWwhnote, H. Sues, B. Johm«a, and J. BaUantJtM. Qkoelg-Bev. O. Manthorpe, and Mr. R, Caterer. Otayton—Bev. T. Hope, and Mean. ?. Wood, A. Stow, and T. Caterer.- Sadmaxsh-Bev. J. Mo?win, and Messrs. J. ?ton aad S. Smith Gawler—Messrs. J. Dana and B.S.Deland. Port Victor, Goolwa, I and Bald Hills—Bev. O. Hodge. Maoolesfield —Bev. J. a MeMichael. Milaog-Bsv. H. tffitnthsm Haelaren Vale—Bev. J. Howie. B&dec; Town—Bev. D. Mime. Salisbury—Bev J.B. Ferguson. Alma, aad Hanley Bridge— Her. S. «. Atkntson, aad Messrs. John and JtfilNl. PROGRESS REPORT. The Minute Secretary read the half-yearly progress report as follows:— "Your committee present their interim report to the council in the unusual cir- cumstances of our gathering being in Ade- laide instead of in one of our conntry or suburban churches — a case whioh has not occurred since 1866. They would take the op •artuaity of saying at once that it ia extremely 3enmh)a tha* the half- yearly meeting shoal I be held in a suburban or country church, and the committee would regret to sea our old ous -tornfall into abeyance; but unless the invita tion should come from sash a ehuroh ia suf- Anenttinw fox doe preparation to he nrtde, the committee will be obliged in future -to hold the meetings in Adelaide. Tour committee would strongly recommend the eotmeil to fix the place of its half yearly meeting at its annual gathering. Tour -committee are also sorry to find that with all the increasing facilities for travel there is an in creasing difficulty felt in inducing friends in Adelaide to go far into the country—a fact to fee-deplored in the interest of oar country brethren, but which they suppose is to be ac counted for by the ineressriag sixain of commer cial life in the metropolis. The «aaual meet ings were held in Adelaide from April the first days instead of the usual three. The attend ance of ministers and delegates en those days -was 59, 58,48, and 38 respectively, the closing service being appropriately devoted to the children, at which there wasagoodattendanceof both young and old. An opinion from this eouneil on the hours of Betting and length of time might not be unfitting as agnidetoyour committee' in future arrangements for the an nual meeting. The committee then elected by thaeonneil has undergone a change :from the lac* of Mr. G. P. Hodge having been inadver tently elected by yon after he had declined the service, and your committee filled up the -vacancy by electing Mr. Jos Vardon to make ub the full number. Grants have been made to the following churches with the conditions here in dicated:—Port Victor and Qoolwa, £40, on cottriitinw of raising £100: Green's Plains (foe horse hire), £35; MaMand. =£50, on raising £120; Border Town, £50, on raising £120; Port Pirie, £100, on raising £*?? Macdesfield, £50 per oent. up to £150 raised by the church; Shipley, £8. Ministerial Supply and Changes. —In the annual report the Bev. T.RO. MeU'a deparinn bom the colony was spoken of as iamismt, and he has since left na and settled sttFrahrav, in Victoria; bat the vacant pasto zatekas bean nQed bj the Bev. £. H. Soott, lately from Oheshunt College. The Bav. A. Seales has left us for Melbourne, and in going Aac left a space in the field of ministeriat labor which will not easily be filled. The Bar. A. Bushman has returned to the scene of his former evangelistio work in Western Australia. To both these brethren letters of commendation amve been given by your committee to the •hvrehes m the neighborhoods to which she* have gone. The Bev. M. M. Wbittoo Wai leave the charge he has held at Gawior smse June, 1870; aad proceed to Victoria at the end of November. The ehnxehatGawlerhava madnaraqoest to your committee to render them aid inthesnpplyof the rndpit until they can find a suitable soo hiim toMr.Whitton. The committee of the CWo«urf?orietyinl*ndonhaveoontribatedto the tiavalling «t^"«?« of two brethren well known to oa. in South Australia)—toe Bev. WiQtam WQsbb, who sailed in the St. Vincent ■bout the endaf August, and Mr.R?earie, who has comnlstedhis full eoone at HewColJege. and sailed m. the Hesperus en the Ist of Sap t?mbar. tt is hoped that both these brethren 'will speedily find suitable openings for labor in ate Master's cause in this colony. Correspon dence baa been carried onwithse.eral ministers m Ho ae^bboring colonies and elsewhere ■mba wen desirons ot coming to South Aus tralia, but hitherto without any definite result. Xbe by uteachei* have contmued their most Important work in the Tariou places open to th—i. with mneh interest and profit to tha people, and your committee have drafted a set ■f rules whioh it is hoped may be the means of fednging the whole body of oar lay preachers both in town and eonntry into harmonioas eo> operation. Xhe scheme so drawn up will be {resented to the eouneil in proper form. Depu tatfaass have been sent from your committee to ehucehes seeming to require such friendly aid in essergenci?? that have arisen. The first case -was- the visit of the Bev. J. B. Fergason to Gnertlbma, which resulted in the mainte nance of pobUe worship and Christian ordi. f m that place with the valued help of what was really the mother ehurah at y-*-* Mr. Ferganft intimato acqoaint anowrtsi the place end people rendered him • aingulsrly-dtted agent for such a work. lathe second case onr expeueneed townsman, Me Bmefl?r> went over to Alma and Haaley Bridge, and your eonuntttee beneve that a satis factory result tallowed, end that his presence wa* gnatJy ralaeS by the friends in those vboaa. Openings far KvangeEstic Work.—The friends inausstcd in the formation of a new Dliihlira nnsniiitirm it nnllfinr>i iTntntilrni ? very deaidesl step in advance in calling for tan derstetheouildingon a somewhat reducedsoale, andaaaDy deciding on that of Mr. J. Wark for the sum of £3468. The building operations are now fairly eommenced, and the ehuroh may fee expected to be ready by the middle of nest rur. This work is of so great importance that should call forth all the prayerfolness and aQ the energy that the Congregational body can employ to bring it to a successful issue, sad it should engage our devoutest prayerfullness tht the Shepherd and Bishop of our churches may guide wisely and holily the hearts of all concerned in this effort to extend our borders. Miscellaneous.—The property at Kooringa so long held and so little used by as denominationally, having been applied for on lease for secular purposes, your committee finding them selves unable to let it in such a way offered it to the Sooth Australian Mining Association, under whom they held it, and have agreed to surrender all claim to it for the sum of £100. It is expected that this transfer will be shortly effected, and the money received. A friend at Stirling East having offered to your com- mittee a price of land about half an acre in extent for church purposes, your committee gladly accepted Mr. Teague's offer, and steps are being taken for the legal transfer of the land for the use of the denomination. Tbe census: wnich your eommittoe have endea i«nd to obtain b still ineompbte. Some churches explicitly decline to fill up the form sent to them, and others have not returned the paper at aQ; so that the matter, important as joor ewnmlltwe concaiire it to be. still remains «««?«*«?, Xbe Tear Book wfll not be printed lev the year 1880, hot? is fnUjy expected Oat steps wffl be token foritapublieationinl?9l in saah a form a* to be less eoatry than the pre ceding publications have beau, and yet to pre serve its usefulness unimpaired. The commit tee of tbeNew South Wales Union haviugsooght she presence of any members of this council who may be visiting that eoloDy daring the pre sent season, yoor committee have delegated Mr. X. W. Harris to represent us at any nwyrtingw at which he may be present. The Congrega tional TJnlon of Tasmania intending to hold a jabilesot the inkodaetiao of Congregationalism into Australasia about Marsh, 1880, have asked the ca-oparstion of this Vnion therein. Tour oommittae have given a general answer to their —«y*rt— on. the matter, and have referred the decision «f tite whole ease to the wisdom of this coawnTat its present meeting." The Property Sub-Committee reported as to the Aldfaigs, Kooringa, Brighton Cemetery, Craters. Alberton, Border Town, and otaer properUes. Ine following draft rules for organ ising lay preachers' s—ocjationa, local and ■eneral. were adopted at the but meeting of the eommittee of the Congregational Union:—" 1. Toat each of the city and suburban chorehesbe requested to organise a band of lay preachers, to undertake Christian work: in ib own neigh borhood. 2. That a Central Lay Preachers' Association be formed, consisting of the mem bers of all the local associations; membership in one of these lecal societies eutitliog to membership in the central assodatian. 3. That the central association shall elect its own secretary, who shall keep a list of all tha members and shall furnish a copy of such list and a report of the work that is being undertaken at the annual and Aalf-yearly meetings of the Congregation jjnion and Home m«*m 4. That eacn of the ehuiches shall send a notice of any changes in ex additions to the roll of its own association to she secretary of the central body. 5. That a quarterly meeting of the central asaoeiation b 1 held, when such preaching appointments may fox by theloc*! asso ciations. 6. That the" country chamhes be encouraged to send from time to time to the secretary of the central association a Hst of then: own lay preachers, together with a state ment of the work which is being done, aad that the roll of mob. lay preachers be pabfiahed in the Tear-Book" Thesub-eommitteefa report on ehuroh exten sion was as follows:—" 1. We think that the qaes tion of a ministerial agent sheuld be postponed for the present. 9. We recommend that the ministers and offtee-bearers of our churches should exert themselves to bring forward young men to enter Union College as students for the nmi?try, it being felt that the efforts of a min isterial agent would to a very huge extent be ineffective unless there was a supply ot young men ready to occupy the positions as they were opened. 3. We would recommend, however, that meanwhile the committee should take steps to provide that all assisted sburcbes saaald—if they are willing—be visited not lem seldom than once a year by a delegate from the com mittee.1' The Students' Committee reported a<i follows: —"Ons Jyoung man (Mr. Palmer) presented himself before tho committee as a candidate for admission to Union College as a student, assisted by us. He passed the preliminary ex aminations with credit, and has been engaged in study during the year. Our delegates to Union College report favorably as to his progress. We hope that the churches will soon make tha acquaintance of Mr. Palmer ia their various pulpits, and that many others will soon follow in his pathway. We ought to aim at having six students at least in training in different stages of their course; and as thecocrse lasts for three years that would give us two students to enter upon their work each year." Some discussion took place regarding the ar rangements in connection with the next annual meeting, but it waa decided to leave the matter in the hands of the committee. In connection with flte proposed Tasmania?: jubilee the minute secretary stated that the Tasmanian Union desired to hold a jubilee ontheoOth anniversary of the establishment of Congregationalism in the southern hemisphere, and were anxious that the Sooth Australian and other colonial Unions shouli -cooperate with them. The correspond ing secretary had written fer further particulars which had not yet been received. After a little conversational discussion the following resolu tion was passed:—"That this Union expresses its sympathy with the proposal, and trusts that when the time arrived some representative from this Union would, be able to attend." A discussion on the subject of church extension was initiated by the Bev. B. G. Atkinson, who disagreed with the idea of the committee that they could not carry on church extension until they had a sufficient number of students. The Bev. W. B. Flexcheb said the eommittee thought it would be of no avail to open causes unless they had a sufficient number of yonng men to carry on the work after it had been commenced. On the motion of the Bev. M. M. Dick die report was received. STRAWS BHFQBX. Mr.W, C. Bra, the treasurer, stated that owing to the fact that the country and suburban churches had not paid the customary amount towards the fund the year had been begun with a balance in hand of £45 7s. Id., and £183 18s. W. bad been received up to date, mating a total of £236 IS*, lid. The disbursements had been—Grants for the first six TpmitM. £91 ISs.; other expenses, £61 16*.; making a total at £IS3 lls.. fearing a balanea of £83 7s. lid. The committee had been obliged, owing to shortness of funds, to hold over £81 ss. which was doe to several churches as part grants-in-aud. This amount, with one or two other sums due, would if paid, leave the eommittee about £10 in tiebi. Tae report was received. thb ytxaixam. The report of the Magazine Committee showed that the assets in connection with the magazine were £130, and the liabilities £33 3s. The eommittee complained that the Presbytery did not carry out the terms of the agreement of association made in 1875. The Presbytery had agreed to take 350 oopiea, but this numter waa not nearly subscribed for by their represen tatives. The committee felt some steps ihauM be taken to alter the present state of affairs, and asked for permission to act ss they should think best in the matter. The necesnary autho rity was given. The question of appointing a manager in place of Mr. J. P. Conig-rave. who resigned hia position, was left to the commit sad. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Air, Conigrave. The report was reoeired. ZStOTX 00LLHGE. Tbe Bev. W. B. Fletcher read the report of Union College as follows:—*' During the year which is now ia progress the wark of Union College has been carried on witn unusual vigur under the new methods of procedure, whicb were inaugurated last autumn. The course of instruction has been framed on the basis of a ministerial education, and an attempt is being made to provide far more fully than heretofore for tbe requirements of a rising ministry. Tnis has lessened the number of the students, but has increased the work of tbe professors. We have onlyp*onr students in theeollege, which is a small but a satisfactory beginning. One of these belongs to the Bible Christians, two to the Presby terians, and one to ourselves (Mr. Palmer), and none to the Baptists. The classes being mainly held in the day time lay students have only enrolled themselves for attendance on one daw, vis., that for the study of praotical hamifetfos. These young men are doing good service by their earnest preaching of the gospel. During the year a programme of an additional scheme of study and examination has been issued for students not attending lectures. We trust by this means to do something to raise the standard of ministerialemoiency,not only among our associated denominations, but among others as well. Tour delegates have attended the meet ings of committee with praiseworthy regularity, and have given earnest attention to the difficult and delicate matters which have come before nasa arranging the foundation principles of college work and in managing its finances. Per sonally, as a professor, I can speak oordlally and hopefully of the progress and zeal of our friend Mr. Palmer, and can only express the hope that we had more such ?"""*g us. We ought not to rest till we have at least six students in con nection with onr churches, two of whom leaving the college every year would easily find their fitting location among oar churches or in frein fields of evangelistic labor." Mr. Fletcher also said last year Union College had a groat many more students than at present, bat wha.4 wece its ckues7 A country minister had charac terised Union College as a night Mhool for Adelaide Sunday-school teachers. (Laughter.) This after all was not an inapt diwiguation of watt the college had been. It did not do the work it was required to do. It was established to do the work which was now being doao by the University and also to train the rising ministry. The University had taken the wind oat of their sails in regard to general education, and the night- school order of things which had existed was not likely to accomplish the work of educating the ministry. The students formerly went and came as they liked, and the tutors had no hold upon them, thus there was nothing solid ia the work done. It had been arranged that the proper stodenta should pats, firstly, their own denominational teat, and afterward* the teat of the college com mittee as student* for tha ministry. Arrange ments bad been made aa to allowing £60 to each denomination towards tbe support of the students. One remarkable change bad taken place. It arose from a suggestion which came bom the Bible Christiana. They had issued a code of rules providing for a series of exami nations running over three successive years, to be entered upon by young ministers in £the country, local preachers and others, or anybody else. Anybody passing three of these examina tions might have tha certificate of the oollege as an MHoaatinn, not the full certificate ot having pasted the college ourrioulum. The course would not be so thorough as that pursued by the college students, but would be of such a character that no young man would go through it without being benefited. He expressed the hope that a larger number of young men would come forward, and that the work of the college would be furthered. The report was received. CHAFE- BTJIUHUQ SOCTBT?. The Congregational Chapel Building Society reported that arrangements had been made to grant a loan of £250 to the Border Town Church, to be repaid in twelve jenn. A loan of £200 had been accepted by the Port Pirie Church for seven years. After comparing the advantages offered by various building societies the committee had decided that one of the Adelaide permanent societies offered the neces sary facilities. At the request of the Clayton Church the term of the loan of £150 on the schoolroom had been extended to March 31, 1860\. The church at Port Victor proposed pay ing £50 off their loan of £300 by the same date. The chapel at WaUaroo was still used as a schoolroom, and had bean transferred to the society. Correspondence had taken place re specting the chapel at Kingston, the Christian body, who had not been able to secure a minis ter, wishing to be relieved of paying rent. A pro position had been made to the Kadina Church with a view to assisting them to get rid of their long- standing liability to the society, so that tbe loan of. £250 might be cleared off ia seven years. Fifty pounds of the "Clayton Roberta Fund" had been drawn out of the Savings Bank and placed on good security for a short term at a higher rate of interest. The report was received. CHUBCH TBTTST SHEDS. In connection with this subject, whioh hal been diseoued at previous meetings, the Rev. J. B. Fkhguson proposed that letters should be forwarded to the various churches, asking them to consider file advisability of transferring the , ehuroh property bom the hands of the present trustees to the Congregational Union. He pro posed that this should be dooe with the view of decreasing the liability of the properties to be lost in eonseqnenee of the «h«i>ghig sad ex piry of trustees. The union being a permanent body, the property legally committed to its care would be safe. After some discussion it was : resolved that the letter should be referred to the Property Sub- Committee. THB BBV. H. H. CHKSTHAM. The Bev. W. B. Flbtcbsb moved—"That this council, acknowledging the hand of Gol in preserving for so many years of ministerial labor our venerable friend, the Bev. K. H. Cheetham, instructs the committee to take sach steps as may be deemed moat suitable to commemorate the jubilee of his ministry, whioh will take plaoe in the south of December next. He thought this was enly what was due U Mr. Cbeetham, who had served in the colonial ministry for thirty years, and previously for twenty years. The Bev. J. G. McSlicumx seconded. Canted. The Bev. Mr. Oheltuau thanked the meeting for its cordial sdupsiuu .of the motion. CHURCH FOTAX^B. Mr. C. SsLKiiLBT, who was to have real a paper on this subject, said by way of apology that it must be left to every individual church to manage its finances in its own wey, and thus it would not be advisable to lay down any hard and fast scheme. It might suit one or two churches, but could not, on account of the variety of the circumstances in different oases, be generally acceptable. Several gentlemen expressed regret that Sir. Bmedley had not presented a paper, and that a better opportunity had not been afforded for dis cussing sooh an important subject. TOUKG MEN'S SOCTBTTO. The Bev. W. B. Flbtchbb, M.A., delivered a paper on "Young Men's Societies." He first alluded to the way in which these societies were regarded by elderly persons, by married men, mothers, and persons who did not under stand them. These societies were tho natural outgrowth of the tendencies of modern youth. A young man entering upon life had a whole world of intelligence opened up to him, and it of limited education he could not but feel his insignificance. The societies gave him an op poitonity of improving himself and of indulg ing in bu love of society in a healthy shape. The society was a sort of exercising ground for juvenile talent in speech, writing, and thinking. Although young men's societies frequently rose, bloomed, and died oat within a short apace of time, their effect still remained. These societies stimulated intelligence and the spirit ot enq uiry; they kept the members out of miachief.affarded a practice groundfsr youthfuleffor t,and organised the youthful and .nascent energy of a com munity. It had been urged against these societies that they fostered a shallow kind of knowledge, but he thought this was better than n?ne. It had been staled also that they pro duced loquacity rather than eloquence, and that they were founded on refined selfishness. This latter objection waa not without point, and any tendency to selfishness should be checked by establishing tie higher idea of mutual helpful ness. The formation of classes should bo en couraged, and really useful work should be placed before the members. He thought, seeing the many benefit* which undoubtedly resnlted from young men's societies, that persona who had got beyond young manhood should make some sacrifices, and encourage them by t .y.r presence and co-operation The Rs~. J. K. fBKQCSOM and Mr. J. F. Coniokavk also bar testimony to the good work which ha<l beet •! >n - by yonug men's societies with which they hi! been connected. A vote of thanks was ac; id ■ : to Mr. Fletcher. THB CHBISTTA* BABH4TIT. Mr. A.Gosk read a paper on this subject. ll* said experience bad shown that the sevoa:* 1. ■mi was the beat for man's rest. In France frh-^ t -i.th day had been adopted as a clay tit re*t, b i" :hi p?i>ple tocn reverted back to the oil ?y*:--o. Xhe 3abbath had a tendency to sm^vth J > <rr. the intunaiities of social life. It w« of D'>i:i< appointment, and by nj cf supporting this •tatement Mr. Gore quote-l ext^naiealy from Scripture. Hes*id it <rn a libel oa the S-ibb i:li to regard it as an irkwme exaction iujtoaj of a glorious privilege. He hopvd the Union wo ill enJi.rse his view that the Chriatiaa S&bbith; was a beneficent institution of Divine appoint ment and perpstual obligation. Mr. J. M. Do -rio and the Bev. J. Howie acquiesced with the sentiments expressed by Mr. Gore. The Bev. W. B. Fletcher agreed with what had been stated by Mr. Gore, but did not consider it ad visable to put the matter to the vote. He did not believe in the Union expressing an opinion on any theological subject in dispute amongst them. Mr. B. Scarle agreed with the paper, and Mr. C. Smedley thought with Mr. Fletcher that the matter should not be voted upon. The Bev. M. M. Dick and Messrs. A. Stow, A. Dowie, and J. J. Stuckey, also spoke on the subject. The matter was not put to the vote, and a vote of thanks Was passed to Mr. Gore. The basics** being concluded, the meeting* were dosed with prayer. 