PORTLAND. (fbou que own correspondent. ) April 2. A number of people visited the steamer Argyle on Monday morning. She is a compact Utue boat of about 300 tons burden, fitted with com pound engines of 50 horse-power nominal, cap able of being wo iked up to 200. Her cabin ac- commodation, though limited, is comfortable. Twenty berths can be made up in the saloon, which is lofty and well ventilated, and there is a snug little cabin for ladies, in which four passen gers at least can revel in the luxuries of sea sickness without inconveniencing one another. One of the advantages of the saloon is that it is placed amidships, thus securing greater im munity from the game of pitch and toss, and that vibratory action of the screw, which proves such a horror to the " inwards" of ricketty sailors. A few fastiiious critics, in search of the picturesque, made disparaging remarks on the vessel's outside colouring, but practical people paid more attention to the boat's carrying capacities and comfort, naturally considering them of greater consequence than the colour of the funneL The Argyle is small, but what there is of her is good, and with careful manage ment she may be able to do the company's trade during her term of charter. She is commanded by Captain Pasley, a gentleman who, judging from appearances, will do his best to make his passengers comfortable. Now that a loan has been floated, and the Government of the country will be in funds again, or at all events with its ordinary revenue untrammelled, it would be well that our Borough Council should bestir themselves and agitate for an elongation of the jetty, to be com menced as soon as the present contract is com pleted. An extension of 100 feet or so with an L head is all that is required to make this one of tbe finest j ettaes in the colony, and with that addition, the port would be satisfied for a number of years. We must recollect that Parliament will only have a few weeks to sit before the 30th of June, the end of the financial year, and during that brief interval there will be a perfect rush of applications, which will culminate in the appropriation of every penny the State has at its disposal. If an effort is not at once made, and the Commissioner of Public Works induced to include the desirable work in the estimates, the town wfll hot have a ghost of a chance for years to come, of seeing the jetty what .it ought to be, a thoroughly effective means of carrying on in a business-like manner, and actually in creasing the shipping trade of the port. We are to be honoured on Thursday, Friday, Saturday with a visit from Mr. St. Leon, who in fl«mng placards announces his "big show" with hiB 100 horses and 100 men. Cir cuses curiously enough, never fail to attract when much better things go to the wall ; per haps the rarity of their appearance lias some thing to do .with tiiis, but whether or no, the fact remains that young and old will flock to them in crowds, and grumble afterwards that +Vii«= one was exactly the same as every other one. There is a singular fatality attending circuses in Portland, they always bring the most diabolical weather with them. Let us hope that as the proprietor in the present in stance dubs Saint," the diavoloe may be exorcised, and tiie performances pass off without the usual concomitants of blown-down tenis, thunder and lightning, and a perfect deluge of rain. The quarterly inspection of the Portland detachment of Artillery took place on Monday evemnglast at the Drill-room. The detachment was under the command of Major Trangmar, the inspecting officer bring, as usual, Major Learmonth. The ftTTng and accoutrements of the men (who mustered 68 , strong) were carefully examined by the Major, who scrutinised the barrels of each rifle separately by means of a lamp at the open breach, and his eye at the open muzzle. The men were then put through a series of movements appertaining to ordinary drill, in which the manual and fixing exercises played a prominent part. The band, under Mr. Petty, played at intervals during the inspection. How they played, the Major himself anal) tell us. The drill over, Major Learmonth said that . it was always a pleasure to him to meet the . Portland Volunteers, for they always turned out welL Of course, the quarterly inspections were necessary to secure the Government allowance, but independently of that, his official visits were ever a source of real gratification to him, parti cularly when so many xnenattended. They had now a fair cbanoe of approaching a state of effi ciency through the periodical instruction im parted to them by Sergeant Hickling, the drill instructor,' and he washed to notice that they appeared to appreciate the opportunity. Re could not aay how long the Sergeant's services would be retained, so he hoped they would make the most of their advantages while they were available. He (the Major) was sorry to that they were not so regular as they should be at big gun drill as a Volunteer Aktif- lety corps, proficiency in bag gun driH was the mainobject they should We in view-in fact, it was the chief aim of the service. He trusted i?5u T?" 1 more atte'-ition to this than they nitnerto had done, and attend regularly while Sergeant Hickling was with them. Should the fcergeant be removed. Setgeant O'Sulliva-n was ineii fully compet'ant to instruct them, and ,wllihgf he knew, to cany out his (the Major's) f'fldest extent. (Addressing him- fco, Jlkjor Trrmgmar) : He was much pleased with, the men, nd with the number then at <ln11 _ As to thf; band, they were so much im proved he coo id hardly give them too much praise. The progress made under Mr. Perry was such, as to render them worthy of any company. rf.reSfctP-'d to say that he had noticed two diHty nfler They should not allow that. They were entjnzsted with valuable implements, and know that accuracy in firing depended n, /solute cleanliness. Once neglect a rifle j . let it get rusty, it could never afterwards . depended upon. Major Trangmar then dis missed the men at about twentv minutes mat nine p.m. Yesterday morning a Revision Court was held to revise the list of men. within the jurors' district of Portland, liable to serve on juries. The mayor, Mr. J. Trangmar, J.P., Mr. W. Cor- ney, J.P., and Mr. J. Lee Archer, J.P., were on the Bench. It is worthy of recoid that, owing co the lowering of the qualification, the jury net for the current year is double that of last year. Up to the present time the list, I believe, iuu> ueen actually snort 01 tne requisite numuer, and on more than one occasion lately there was .bsolute difficulty in forming a pannri. There are now 111 names on the list. A telegram was received yesterday afternoon from Mr. W . T. Pile, one of the directors of the P. and B. S.N. Co, to the effect that the Dawn was at the wharf, and the enquiry into the collision then going on. The message was ' received in Portland at 4. 35. p.m. The Borough council met atthe Town Hall on Monday afternoon at 4 p.m. Among the corres pondence inward read by the Town clerk was a .etter from the Hon. tbe Commissioner of Railways, in answer to an application from the council that the rite of the Railway station might be altered, and a suitable building erected in a more central position. The reply was that a settlement of the question was deferred until such time as all parties were agreed on the locality to be adopted. The mayor remarked that the Commissioner thus left it to the people of Portland to fight the battle out amongst themselves, and that, as it was next to impossible to obtain unanimity of opinion on any subject, the more they squab bled the longer the time that would elapse before they had. any station at all. The Coun cil, however, on behalf of tbe ratepayers, quickly arrived at a unanimous decision, " That the present rite is extremely inconvenient, and too distant from the town, and that the Com missioner of Railways be written to and reques ted to cause a station to be erected in tbe Market square— the rite selected by Mr. Woods him self as best adapted to the purpose." The councillors present were, the Mayor, Mr. James Trangmar, and Crs. Marriott, MTSachern, Corney, Salmon, M'Conachy, and Reynolds. The two absentees were Crs. Keiiler and Pile, who were unavoidably detained in Melbourne on business, but it is well known that not only their assent but cordial approval would be given to the resolution. While discussing the Town Surveyor's esti mate of the quantity of maintenance gravel required for the footpaths, the desirability ot introducing asphalte pavements was discussed. From the nature of the conversation, and the manner in which it was dropped, I gathered Gnat the material at present available at the gas works is insufficient to form any appreciable iistance of pathway, but councillors seemed to regard tne Ultimate adoption or tar-pavements as a matter of course. An application was made some time ago by the Council for a new post office, the present building being quite inadequate to the towns increased requirements. For answer, t j© Coun cil was requested to recommend certain neces sary repairs to the old bunding, and this they felt disinclined to do, for what appeared to them sufficiently good reasons. They are satisfied aow, however, that such, repairs are necessary, and that in the event of a new post - office being at once commenced, they would still have to be effected. The Council, therefore agreed to recommend the repairs, . on the underst inding that such action did not prejudice their original application, but they objected to sanction any- tnmg in the shape of additions to the present building. Tenders were accepted for the following works A chiiin fence in Cliff-street, Michaci Bergin, £59 ; footpath in Gawier and l'aimer- streets, S. Dix, £5 18s ; footpath in Hurd-street, ion the way to Railway Station), Uriah Arkell, £ 21 ; lease of slaughter-house from 31st Marcli go 30th. September, 1880, W. Os bourne, £91; lease of gas reserve for 18 months, Thom&a; Reynolds, £3 5s. The following accounts were passed for pay ment : — Labour Sheet, £12 2s 6d ; D. Hunro, £30 6s ; Lighting, £19 5s 6d ; Town Clerk, £37 10s ; Borough Inspector, £5; do £3 10s; Mis. Brown, £1 19s ; Town Surveyor, £19 10s ; J. Peake, £3 ; Coupons due 1st April, £165. Gas Loan account : Labour Sheet, £11 lis 3d ; T. Bowman, £9 ; Secretary, £25 7s. Cr. Keiller's notice of motion, in reference to the rescinding of a resolution patting a stop to the boat harbour works, was, in his absence, allowed to stand over to next meeting. A tremendous haul of salmon trout was made here last night, and eighty baskets full have Kga» ennf imv hv this Tnnminfr's train. As : each basket contains over four dozen, our < country friends will have their pick out of something like 4000 fish, which are far above the ordinary run in point of size and condition. 