" E V A." -S E R V 1 C Ej ) F "SONG . A service of song, untitled "Eva," was rendered in the Gladstone Institute Mali on Wednesday evening last to a large attentive, and evident!' appreciative, audience. 'There could not have been much less than 209 pur- ciinu nrncrtli Tin. it»rLitniinrc <\- r>t some thirty-five children, scholars attending the Wesleyan Sunday School, and the members of the Church choir, assisted by several friends from the Laura 'Baptist Church. The connective readings were given by the Rev. W. II. Rofe in a really pleasing manner. The stage presented 'a very erowded appearance as the visitor entered the Hall, the. right halfbeing apportioned to the gentler sex, whilst the boys and adult males took up their position on the left. The arrangement struck us as being rather incon gruous, and upon future occasion we would suggest a reversal of the order adopted on W«i iiesday. Miss Ellen Catt acquitted her self with great credit as organist, and Mr. ; Catt appeared quite at home as director, i The Rev. Mr. Rofe before commencing ! proceedings, said they owed 'tile Bountiful i Giver of all good a debt, and one they ought to acknowledge. The season of drought j which had threatened them with great evil had at length, broken up, and the fruitful showers had refreshed the thirsty land. It therefore became them to offer up thanks giving to God, and lie would a3k them to sing a verse of the D.»xology. The audi tory iu response to thehsuggestion rose with one accord, land the half resounded with the sweet song of praise as with sincerity and heartiness thosu-.asseniblod sang — Rraise God from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here below, Praise Him above'ye heavenly host, ' l'raisu Father, .8011, and Holy Ghost. Mr. Geo. Bundey explained that the ser vice that evening had been arranged in response to the expressed wish of tlie trustees of the Church, who felt that their present building was not large enough either for Sunday-school purposes or public worship, and they hud therefore determined to make an effort to enlarge their borders. He was pleased to see so many present that evening, aud hoped the1 would enjoy themselves. The title of the service is indicative of the narrative from which it is taken, and as it has reference to perhaps the most beautiful por tion of that world-renowned book, " Uncle Tom's Cabin," it cannot fail to attract wher ever it is produced. The peculiar fitness of the various hymns selected at once strikes | the auditory, and keeps up a continuity of i interest throughout the whole narrative. 1 There were one or two little matters that ' perhaps it would be well to point out, si\ that in the future they may be rectified or guarded against. First and foremost we were parti cularly struck with the fact that the tenor parts were decidedly weak, whilst the bass was almost over-powcring. We would sug gest a little discretion in the selection in future, and avoidance of a preponderance of one part over another. There is nothing so. beautiful as an oveuly-bahuiced chorus, where the parts blond and are yet distinctive. We know that in young communities like our own it is difficult to get all we should like in these matters, but if a difficulty is found in getting tenors, then iyo would advise thinning down, ami by tfiis'mcans the object — a bettor general effect — : won Id be attained. The next thing we noticed was. that on.ee oi- twice some of the trebles were endeavouring to make themselves heard, and thus, a bad effect was. produced. Noise is not at all times musical, and we would strongly urge the necessity of cultivating a refined expression to the harsh o.ie adopted occasionally on Wednesday I view of improving upon what was really an enjoyable entertainment, taken a3 a whole, and offer our suggestions from no factious spirit of criticism. The result of the training bestowed upon the children is decidedly cre ditable. The time was excellent, and many of the performers gave uumistakeable evi dences of being possessed of very fine vocal powers. Some of tlie hymns were beautifully rendered, especially the one beginning — "I see a world of spirits bright," sung to the tune " Evan." " Scatter seeds of kindness" was also very pleasingly sung. One of the gems was " I long to be there," with subdued chorus. In these andantino passages the effect was really good, and here it was that the tenor part3 could only be ap preciated. That very beautiful hynin — " To the land where Jesus dwelleth, Home of purity and love," &c.;, was rendered with great taste and foree, and the invisible chorous was charmingly given. Taken altogether we consider the vocalisation very creditable, and tlie instrumentation ex cellent, and have every reason to anticipate that upon repetition, several little defects will be rectified, and unqualified success en sured- The Rev. Mr. Rofe, although lacking energy in the descriptive portions of the nar rative was very effective in tlie pathetic, and the audience manifested its interest in the connective readings by deep attention. As the rev. gentleman was depicting the scene of the conveyance of the remains of " Eva," to God's-acre the organ pealed forth a dirge, and 1 as the reader took his seat the company sang i "Pope's Ode" in excellent time and tune. The benediction brought a most enjoyable evening to a close and general satisfaction and pleasure was expressed. We hope to see many such services arranged for, and cannot question the beneficial influences they un doubtedly exercise in refining and ennobling U3. The proceeds amounted to about £10. 