/TOWN TALE. Our/usual Summary for the mail will appear in to-morrow's issue; The Speaker yesterday issued a writ for a .member to'serve in the Legislative As sembly for the electorate of Footscray, in the room of the late M. L. King. The no mination day is fixed for the 2oth February ; polling, 4th March ; and return of writ on the 11th day of March. „ A meeting of delegates from the various fire brigades, to arrange for the holding of the next demonstration, was held in Melbourne yesterday. There were thirty-present, the chair being taken by Capt. Morris, of the Ballarat Brigade, whilst Capt. "Christey, of the Geelong. Brigade, acted as Secretary. Capt. E. Nicbolls attended as a representa tive of the Newtown and Chilwcll Brigade. It was decided to hold the firemen's annual demonstration at Beech worth, on the 23rd and 24th May—competitions on both days— the torchlight procession to lie held on the night of the 23rd. It was arranged to carry ■ ont the hose reel practice' under last year's conditions, and that the extra prizes he left in the hands of the local committee'to arrange. The meet ing agreed to a special prize being given for brigades, consisting of twelve men, the regu lations to be the same as for the hose reel practice for the Cup. The hose and ladder practice was arranged to be the same as last year, with the addition that the: water be' thrown over a rope fixed a. certain distance from the platform, and the branch to be in the man's hand. In the engine practice, it was decided, the engines shonld be stationery by the plug, eight men to start from a distance of 100 yards, run to the engine and put it in working order, an unlimited number of men to work the han dles. The conditions of the Representatives' Race will remain unaltered from last year. It was agreed to have au addition to the pro gramme by forming a Representative Race of two men, one to carry the hydrant, and the other the branch, run 100 yards, fix the hydrant and branch, and turn on the water, every Brigade competing to use the hydrant presented by Mr Danks as a second prize for the hose-reel practice. It was-decided, that no member who is a professional runner I should be allowed to enter for this race. The | meeting also agreed to have a race of ;four j men, with a reel, for members and hon. members over 40 years of age,- all to run 100. yards, the conditions to -be the same as in the .Representative Race. In addition to these events it was decided to have an alarm and rush of firemen similar to that held in Geelong two years since. : The picnic of the united-schools of the | Churches of England in Geelong was held | yesterday at Ballarat. There was a very large gathering, the ranks of : the scholars | being added to by many persons desirous of | a cheap holiday trip to the goldfields city Two trains—one of eight carriages and a van, and the other of nine carriages and a j van—containing over 900 persons, proceeded I from Geelong shortly before 8 o'clock.in the morning. The excursionists had a thorough treat in Ballarat, the weather being exceed ingly fine. All returned home safely in the evening, apparently: well pleased with the j outing. A robbery- was committed between the j hours of 6 p.m. on Tuesday and 6 a.m. yes terday at' the" shop of Mr P. Bengelstorff, working, silversmith, of Ryrie-street. En trance was effected by1 forcing open a very insecure window' fronting a right-of-way at j the rear of the Prince of Wales Hotel with a piece of quartering taken from the work ■ shop of Mr Thorne, carpenter. .The thief or thieves stolo two pairs of gold earrings,' a gold brooch, : one large gold locket, half | a dozen silver, lockets, half a dozen silver , scarf pins, one ounce of stones used in setting off rings and brooches, tea ounces of silver, and a number of gold and silver trinkets, the whole being-.valued at £25. The robbers must have been novices in the work and possessing but a limited knowledge of the value of the articles in the shop, for they left a small box containing colonial gold and eight ounces of silver which had been pre pared for smelting. . Resides that they left untouched a desk, in which several silver watches and a number of gold brooches and j rings had been placed. It is believed that the robbery was committed about half-past j twelve o'clock on Wednesday morning, as a noise was heard in the locality about the time mentioned. The inmates of the Ballarat Orphan Asy- lum, numbering about 150, of whom 60 were girls, were brought to Geelong by the mail train yesterday morning, for their annual treat. The children were accompanied by the Superintendent and Matron of the Asy- lum, as also by Mr Chas. Dyte, one of the Committee, and Mr Davies, the Secretary of the same institution. The youngsters were taken to the Botanical Gardens, where they partook of breakfast. The Chairman of the Geelong Sea Bathing Company having kindly placed the Eastern Baths at the free dis- posal of the visitors, the ladies' and gentle men's bathing places were rendered quite lively by the joyous shouts of the poor little orphans. During the day various sports, such as cricket, football, swinging, etc., were indulged in, and dinner and tea par- taken of in the rotunda at the gardens. A return to Ballarat was made by the mixed train in the evening. The following accidents were attended to | at the Hospital yesterday William Living stone, aged 4S years, a. laborer, suffering from contusions to- his chest, caused by his being caught between the buffers of a couple of trucks on the railway wharf. Samuel Heath, 36 years of age, whilst at work on the Queenscliffe railway line, fell and cut his head. William M'Donald, aged 28 years, a laborer, had one of his feet con tused by a. rail falling on it whilst at work on the Queenscliffe railway line. Maude Sdott, aged 5J years, of Ashby, suffering from contusions to one of her arms, received by a fall. Joseph Winsley, aged 24 years, a shoemaker, residing at Ashby, received- a severe wound to one of his thighs through the knife he was using slipping. I There was only one name entered on the charge-sheet at the Police Court, yesterday, viz., that of an old man charged by Con stable Bonis with drunkenness on the pre vious evening. The accused was reprimanded and set at liberty. A matrimonial dispute, wherein Mary Todd summoned her husband, Isaac Todd,-lately a publican at Teesdale, i for violently and maliciously threatening to ' do her serious bodily harm, and also for as saulting her, was held over. until Friday, without taking any evidence in the case, as I there was, some doubt as to the summons | having been served in time. Messrs Couves and George Brown occnpied the Bench. Mails will be made up at the General Post Office, and be- despatched in time to be for warded by the steamer Bowen, announced to leave Sydney on the 25 th. inst. The time appointed for closing is, for letters, packets, and newspapers at 12.30 p.m. on Saturday, 22nd inst. ' Late letters will be taken up to 1 p.m. to be forwarded overland to Sydney. Letters for the United King dom, Japan, China, and the East, if specially endorsed "Via Torres Straits," with the nsnal rates of postage prepaid, but not other wise, will be enclosed in the mails for des patch by that route. ■ A preliminary conference of clergymen and others interested in Pastor Cliiniquy's Pro testant mission was held last evening in the Young Men's Christian Association's rooms. The bnsiness transacted was unimportant to the general public, and it was resolved to call a meeting of the friends to the mission for Tuesday next, to make further arrange ments. Pastor Chiniquy is expected to arrive in Geelong about the 1st March. \- A boy named Walter Thomson, eight years of-age, was brought from near Lilydale and admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Tues day, suffering from a severe lacerated wound lOih. long on his back. When going to school a bull rushed him and gored him with one of "its horns. A battalion parade of the Artillery took place last evening! There was a fair muster, and the men were marched to the Argyle ground, where they were put through a variety of military evolutions. The weather yesterday, although fine, was perhaps rather warm for much out- door exer cise. ' .Towards evening threatening clouds overspread the sky, and a few drops of rain fell. At night there was a slight display of lightning towards~the south-eastern horizon. Heavy rain fell in.the vicinity of Bream Creek, but it was only a passing thunder shower. ;The Bootscray campaign was opened on Tuesday evening by Mr J. Pisher, a Liberal candidate, who addressed a large and appre ciative audience at the Loyal Hall. ' He was well received, and although no vote was taken, the toue of-the meeting seemed to indicate that he is likely to become a favorite. Mr J. H. Knipe intimates his intention of addressing the electors this evening, at the same place. No fresh candidates arc yet an nounced. : ' - V '' The petition on behalf of William Ireland, which was presented some time ago to the Minister of Justice, signed by numbers of members of Parliament, and about 150 mem bers of the medical and legal professions, besides merchants and tradesmen, has been duly considered" by the Government. But, owing to the fact of another embracery case coming off shortly, the Government consider that it would he unwise to give their decision till that case is over. Christina May Hamilton1, six years of age, and .daughter of Mr T. M. Hamilton, of Warrnambool, was drowned in the Merri River on Monday evening. ~ She escaped the vigilance of her nurse somehow, and fell in the water. A sale of Grown lands was held on Tues day by Messrs Byrne, Vale and Co. Thirty allotments of land, situate in the parish of ] Prahran, at Caulfield, having frontages to the Dandenong, Kambrook, and other roadB, offered for sale at. the upset price of £30 per acre, the whole of -Inch excepting three allotments, were disposed of. them realised considerably in e*ocf , I npset." The total proceeds of the sale amounted to £1100. . , ™ , i An Argus Sydney telegram, dated Tues day, saysThe President of the Marine ( Board received a telegram this evening Broken Bay, stating that between Box Head and Cape Three Points a quantity oE'c-a'3I° 'fittings and castor oil'in tins had floated ashore-also a quantity of wreckage. . A Talbot telegram dated Tuesday says : I Great excitement was caused at Amherst | to-day by the discovery of a splendid quartz ( reef, 5ft. thick, literally studded with gold, in the new Briseis Company's claim, Am herst, at a depth of 90ft. It is probable (says the Argus) that neither Mr Lucas nor Mr JPenn will .he'able to play "in the match against the Victorians on Friday, as the latter has injured his knee, and the former had his fingers - split, whilst I making a grand catch at cover-point, in the j match against the Bohemians at \arra Bend on Tuesday. " . The Sandhurst correspondent of the Argus, writing on Tuesday, says:—"Herbert Coo per, six years of age, ason of George Cooper, splitter, of Egerton, was killed to-day by a log rolling off ah outhouse on him.—The lad Deravin, who was accidentally shot by his brother at Strathfieldsaye recently, im proved somewhat to-day, and hopes are entertained that he will recover." - : The Pleasant Greek News says:—"A gigantic stack of bags of wheat is just being finished at Lubeck, on the Horsham rail way. . It consists of 11,000 bag3 built up in the form of a haystack, so that they may be covered in to prevent damage from rain. The wheat is that purchased by Mr Fry, and awaits carriage' by, rail." The; diamond drill was started at Sand hurst on Tuesday at noon. Eight feet were bored through, making the total depth 272 feet. The country is now getting firm and solid. • The core for the distance bored on Monday was brought np in one unbroken piece. Everything (writes the Independent) is working satisfactorily under Mr New man's superintendence. - On Tuesday afternoon the Corangamite estate of Sir Samuel Wilson was on fire. The flames raged so fnriously that the fire could be plainly seen from the high ground near the cricket reserve. A great fire was also burning on Mr Armstrong's property adjoining, and at sunset the whole of the western sky was covered with a pall of crim soned smoke. The origin and extent of the disaster had not been discovered when we [Colac Reformer) went to press. A correspondent informs the Argus that on Tuesday afternoon a number of young women of abandoned character assembled at thecorner of Swanston and A'Beckett-streets,' Melbourne. A most disorderly scene took place, culminating in a free fight, but from first to last there was no appearance of the police. What makes the thing particularly objectionable is the fact that there are several factories in the neighborhood, where num bers of young-girls are employed. \ Yesterday morning, Mr James Edwards informed the police that he had found the dead body of a man floating in the Yarra, near the torpedo sheds, and he brought it to his own place at Prince's Bridge. The body is that of a man about 55 years old, stout build, grey whiskers, and was dressed in a grey tweed suit. There was a testimonial | in one of his pockets from Mr Edwin Good, of the Melbourne Yonng Men's Christian Association, recommending John Berry as a groom to Dr. Daniel. The.- body appears to have been five days in the water. It is now | at the Morgue (writes the Herald) awaiting inquest. The Brisbane correspondent of the Argus telegraphed on Tuesday as follows " The commissioner of police has received a tele gram from Cooktown that a man named Peter Doolan, a laborer, was found mur dered on the night of the otli. Strong sus picion is attaohed to a woman named Arnold and a man named Maloney, and both have been arrested. Kative troopers returned from patrolling the north side of the En deavor River have recovered all the property lost by Hartley and Sykes in the late attack by blacks." ■ To be a perfect horseman is what any young Australian may properly aspire to, but when proficient it is not at all necessary (remarks the Hamilton Spectator) to make any exhibition of skill in the public streets of the town when riding a buckjumping horse. This is what a yonng man did one day last week, and during one of it3 caracoles, | his steed sent its foot through Mr B. Hor witz s large window. _ Of course, the young man will promptly pay for the damage he has done, and deem himself fortunate that instead of a pane of glass he did not break somebody's head. It ha3 been suggested that before the end of this month (February) a very heavy fall of rain, over three inches, must occur. A tidal wave, and possibly earthquakes in the sonthern hemisphere, may be chronicled, and these occurrences wiU be simply the results of certain meteorological combinations, about the time of the passage of our earth over the loOth heliocentrical degree of longitude. It is somewhat remarkable that during the months of February, '71, '73, '75, and '77, over five inches of rain has fallen, whilst in '0, '72, '74, '76, and '7S, not more than one and a half inch fell in February. A curious accident happened on Tuesday at Ballarat, to a pianoforte, while being re moved from one place to another oh a lorry. The driver of the lorry (says the Star) re ceived the instrument at a second-hand fur niture store in Dana-street, and was driving down towards Stnrt-street smoking his pipe comfortably, when a passer-by drew atten tion to a quantity of smoke issuing from the .case in which the piano was packed. He called for help, and on the case being torn open the inner sides of the boards composing it were found to be charred, as well as the out side of the piano. How the fire originated did not appear to be very clear, unless it was that a spark from the driver's pipe did the mischief. A celestial residing within the boundaries of a well-known mallee paddock, situated at a short distance from the town, has (says the Inglewood Advertiser) been greatly annoyed of late by a weekly fnsilade of stones. The owner of the paddock was also annoyed a finding his gates left open and other sensi less tricks,, so he gave "John" a gnn, wit strict injunctions to pepper the offenders the first opportunity. This arrived on Si turday night. In the midst of a shower t stones John warne'd his assailant "H you n go, Mr Phillips he telly me shoot," and shoo he did. The offender skedaddled as fast a possible, and the presumption is'that, a there was no shot 'in the gun, kowas mor frightened than hurt.1 .At a meeting of citizens held in Mel bourne on Tuesday, it was resolved:—"! That this meeting is of opinion that th fact that Signor Ricciotti Garibaldi being a present resident in Victoria; he would fee honored to represent his country in the posi faon of Consnl (now vacant by the lamentei death of Chevalier Luigi Marinucci), shonli His Majesty confer the appointment on him Signor Garihaldi, whose father has done s much for the liberation and unity of Italy, i appointed, would undoubtedly bo tho mean of drawing still ^ more closely together th bonds of sympathy between the Britis! people and the United Kingdom of Italy and be highly acceptable to the people o Victoria. 2. That His Excellency th Governor be requested to communicate th substance of thn foregoing resolution by tele graph to the Secretary of State, with the re quest that it may be conveyed to the Govern ment of Italy." It is not often (writes tho Star) we hear o a man refusing to pay for his wife's burial yet a case of the Bort came under the com sance of the Ballarat City bench on Taeai' -when a man named M'Neil], who admitS that he received money from home, wasej moned by Mr C. Morris, undertaker, for th* sum of £2 10s, the amount of the funeral 6 penses incurred in connection with M'HeilJ'" wife's death. Mrs M'Neill died in the H ' pital from burns accidentally received and the husband sought to escape paying th above amount on the ground that his wif* had been buried from the Hospital, but Ifr .Morris said that the defendant had gjre[1 hirn tbo necessary instructions as to th funeral, which the latter denied, hut th' bench, believing the plaintiff, made an order for the amount, with £1 7s 6d coBts. The following from the Hamilton Spectator may be taken for what it iB worth Pr„ what we hear, the position of Mr Woods ^ a Minister of the Crown in Victoria is • jeopardy, many Government supporters i! the Assembly, who are unable any longer to submit to his overbearing conduct, havi determined to give Mr Berry the option°0f dismissing Mr Woods from the Ministry or submitting to the introduction of a direct vote of want of confidence in the preset Commissioner of Railways, immediately anon the assembling of Parliament." There are sad to be twelve members of the Assembly who are actively interesting themselves in this movement; and they have obtained coadi. tional promises of support from a good mini more. A sad instance of the effects of drunken, ness camo under the notice of the Citv Bench on Tuesday (reports the Age). IVik liam Nash, a decrepit old man, who is said to have'for a considerable time occupied the position of chief clerk in the Penal depart, merit, Tasmania, was arrested about 11 o'clock a.m. charged with attempting to commit suicide. Nash occupied a room about eight feet sqnare at the rear of a house in King-street, and had done nothing but drink and lie in lied for the past three weeks. On Beveral occasions he had endea. vored to cut his throat, and once tried to stab himself in the side. The Bench re. manded the accused until Tuesday next in order that his relations may be commuui. cated with. The Sydneycorrespondent of the Evening Herald telegraphed to that journal yester. day that Sergeant . Walker, the policeman who so courageously followed up and shot Thunderbolt, tha celebrated bushranger, after a long fight, during which several shots were exchanged, has been sent south to take part in the chase after the Kellys. Several other police officers who have been engaged iu encounters with and the capture of noted bushrangers have also been sent soath to take part in the movements against the gang. The proclamation of the additional reward has produced a great effect, and the announcement thkt the Government will provide for the families of any officers M1H, and pension off any who may be disabled, has been" received with special satisfaction. Several traps have been set, in the hope of catching the gang in some of the border towns. The spectral exhibition at the Mechanics' Institute was again largely patronised last evening, when the historical sketch entitled "Temptation, or the Knight watching "his Armour," was produced. The knight is represented as watching his armour by the command of King James, and he is tempted by various evil spirits who appear in different guises to forsake his post. The sketch is an instructive and pleasing one, well worth wit nessing, The iPhantom Christya and the Haunted House seem to have lost none of their attractions, for both exhibitions caused excessive merriment. The historical sketch will ba ropsi.tcd.fur che Uast time this eras ing, as other novelties have to be produced to-morrow night, the ghost season being nos of short duration. A free_ lecture on "The Book of Daniel" is to be (riven this evening, at half past serca o'clock, in the Ken wick-street Baptist Church. by Air B. Gillingham. A service of sacred song, entitled "finma nuel," with connective readings by the Her. J. I). Hodgson, will be given in the Ashhy Wesleyan Church this evening, in aid oi the school library. A public meeting will bo held in the Shire Hall at.Drysdale at seven o'clock this evening, to consider the best means to be adopted in securing a supply of pure water. 