EXTRACT FROM THE DIARY OP AN MP- Saturday, 6th December.—I always knew I was intended by nature to be a great man. It has come at last—the fame I longed for—the distinction I coveted—the greatness that renders me an object of envy and admiration to the whole colony. My poor head is still a little buzzy, for Sir Bryan and the Major, when they saw me looking so seedy and wretched yesterday after my tremendous efforts on behalf of the Ministry at an early hour of the morning, behaved like bricks. "A hair of the dog that bit ye, old man/' said Sir Bryan; "that's the cure for your disease. Two Irish whiskies, my darlint, and just the wee- est drop of water in the world." And the Major, too, the way he slapped me on the back, and wrung my hand, and " dear boyed" me, and called me the saviour of the Ministry ! I'm quite sure that the Major regards me as his best friend, for no one but a real friend would have shouted for me as he did. Hot ? I should say my coppers are at least 20 deg. Fahrenheit above those of any other man in the country. But reward sweetens labor. After all I have suffered for my country, it is something to find oneself appreciated. Some people may think there was no suffering in it. Why, I could turn myself inside out at the bare recollection. " Ah, Tythee, my boy," cries the Major, " you're the very man I want. Let UB beer." I winks at W. 0. and says, " Spare your beer—I'm going to vote against the third reading. Carlton's frightened me." " Hang the Bill," says the Major, " I don't care tuppence about it one way or the other. But I like you, I want to have a beer with you." We polished off a bottle of Bass, the Major left, and I was going to follow, when in came Berry. "I'm so glad to see you, Tythee," he cries, "I ain't fit for a whole bottle of fizz by myself, and you must help me." "Can't," says I; " just had a beer." " That be hanged," says he, "why, the elite of the bun ton mix beer and champagne together. Let us have a quart bottle of Moet." I drank most of the bottle, and I felt pleasant and happy, when who should come in but Sir Bryan. "Berry," says he, 4 'you're wanted. I'll stop and have a talk with our dear old friend, Tythee. But what! Drinking fiz at this hour ? Here, waiter ! let us have a bottle of Kinahan. Now, my boy, if you take my advice, you'll give up that baby's drink and try some of this. It is drink fit for a man, and you are a good one if your face is to be believed. I knew you'd like it," said he. as I |had to confess the drink was delicious ; and we drank and talked, and I felt somehow that my heart never opened to a man as it did to that fat Attorney-General, whose words were as Boft and smooth as the blessed liquor we were drinking. Just as Sir Bryan was going out—though, to do him justice, he stuck to me till the bottle was as empty as a laugh of Andrews—who should come in but Grant. Now, Grant's a man I have a great respect for. Grant is not a man to shirk his liquor. You might drink in the dark with Grant, and be sure he'd drink fair. It's always a pleasure to me to liquor up with Grant, because anyone can see he likes it; so I was going to say,'' What'll you drink, old man ?" but hespoke first, and I had to give way. Now, Grant likes brandy, and I think it always makes you feel pleasanter when you're drinking the same liquor as your friend. So I had brandy with Grant, and bye-and-bye I had rum with Woods, and gin with Peter Lalor, and^upon my conscience 1 believe I had vinegar with Longmore—leastways" he looked at me, and it gave me that impression. But I suffered for my country yesterday, and no mistake. Till I met the Major and Sir Bryan, and had a few "pick-me-ups," I felt as if my head were a. bombshell loaded, and with the fusee just burned down. Every minute I expected it to go off with a roar. Every paper in the country is full of me to-dav. It was I who carried the third reading after all. The fate of the colony was trembling in the balance. If I had kept sober I'd have played into the hands of the obstructionists by voting against the " people's Ministry." In my senses I'd have gone against Berry. If I knew what I was doing I'd have sided with Honesty, Order, and Capital. But reduced to the condition of an idiot—a gibbering, brainless, howling, helpless lunatic—I gave my vote for a measure that would, if made law, throw the whole and uncontrolled government of the country into the hands of such as I. But that's my art. I am against the Bill, and want to prevent the ghost of a chance of its ever being passed. If I had voted against it the Ministry would have cried out —" See the class of men by whom we are defeated. Send us back with a majority of sober, honest men, and we'll reform the constitution." But now they'll have to go to the country on me They'll have to say—"This is the Bill we scraped through by making a member drunk. Vote for this Bill and defy public morality. Give power to members to do as they like—this Bill shows you how the power will be exercised. Abolish the Upper House, and throw the government of the country into the hands of men like Tytberleigh, Dwyer, Mason and O'Hea." That' s the good that I have done the State. I have disgraced and I ruined myself; but I've given the world a practical illustration of the evils that would arise from a one-horse constitution. If the constituencies can swallow a measure that comes to them from me, and only because I got drunk, why then I can only say the constituencies deserve to have it made into law. 