.MISCELLANEOUS. Aerchissleop' .Vtigllanu'S Fiftlh Pits. torsli letter, OGR BEnD?R, by the (Irace of Clod aul the favour of tilh Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney end Metropolitan, to the Clergy. Secular and Regulnr, and the 2aithfol of tlie said Archdiocese. Healths and llenediclion ill the Loid. Reverend and Dear Brethren, and .Dear Children in Jcs~s Christ. We have seoh how secolarist educatiol acts as a solvent.of Christnatity in its feeller and in its stronagest form--in Protestant America and Catholic Italy; and tlhat, were it allowed to bhconsc, oniversal, christian civilization would gradually he swept away. To resist the a;sgnmoaent of the rack, the gibbet, and the thinmb-crew, reqnires heroic fortitnde and stspernatural nerve; rind Christianity hlis resisted it and overcome it, , nd hes triumphbd in the issue. Now tlle .Church has to sise~t the same foe in asYsther guise. MIany ofscr children will be lost in the contest; but she rill still rcmaisi Apart from the a-pomise of our Lord, it is morally impossible for secnlarlst edlications to take possession of thle world. : Error is ever ephemeral, and usa-ays local. Disesses, moral as well as plhysical, run their coarsr. They startle or ti'rify, as the case Issy hio, for a time ; hut lhe moat deadly and wide. spread plagne bshrns itself out at last and man survives and lives on as if notlling extraordinary ht1d happenied. So will it be with the Cstlislib Churchl. But though th'e Clsrceh is safe, souls are in peril. Our inailn ansiety is for tliell. tlhey liave to he saved onie by one; and oir duty is to our orwu day and to our own people. Oar duty, dearly beloved, is to you. It is for s's to oxpouud to you, and inpres Unoson ysu the teacing of the Church; it is ydnr part to be docile as children to their sRihitual mothor. Not onily as Cnrinstians, hut as citiellss, we are profoundlW interested iii the ehucs tion .question. lYe helieve its national education. We ro not believe in education whiCls is sectional. All should be treated equally, or tlherd will be no peace. To' pamper some children and to starve or ill-treat others, is to create grief atid bitter ness in the household, and there rill be no rest till things are chnusged, Let us take, as examples of what we means, the three gyeat systems of education, respectively, as they are at present: itu America, in Victoria, and in New South Wales. By touclling on some of their radical defects, we shall gradually make ossr'meaninst clear, In the first place, take Au'crico. Here, at once, a glariug wrong presents itself. Touching oni tim injustice douse to Catholics by a school system, of whicih they cannot iii conscieclne titke advantage, Judge Jaft, of Ohio, says i "This is too larce a circumnitausce to he covered by the Latin phraee 'De ussci.i isols cutrst lea-.' These Catholics (payingt'their portion of the taxes) are constrained, every year, on cons cientioua grounds, Is yield to others their right to one- third of the school money, at smns averaging at the laresenit time, about 200,000 dollars every year. That ie to ocy, these people are snis/hed every year, for believing, as they do, to the extent of 200,000 dollars; and to that extent thosse of us who send our children to thsese excellent common schools, brcossie belc.ficirssise of the Catholic money. What a shame for Protes tants to have their clhildren edncated by money robbed from Catholiecs I ercanstile life is supposed to 'cultivate, ini sonse, a relish for hard bargains. But if it were a business matter, and not a matter of. reli gious concern, could business men he found willing to exact sucs a pecusiary adhantage as this 1 I think it would shock tile secular conscience i" Take, now, an illustration of the truth of the Jnude's remaork. Tho Public School Tax in Cincinnati in 1S72, anontsed to 810,000 dollars. Of this sum the Catholics contributed 230,000 dollars. And what did they pay this for??-for thie edscation of other people's children in schools, which. in conscience, they could notunse ; and, whilst paying at the rate of 230 000 dohllirs a year for educating other people's children, they had also to pay for the education of their own. The Cathedral Perish of Cincinnati, for example, lies to find 3,300 dollars a year to niect the current expenses of its own parochial sclsools ; and at thd ssame time it hus to support pauhlc' sehlsosi of which it cannot toke advantage. In, 188, the Catholics of Nesr York, besides paying for the schoolino of other people's children, subscribed 132,000 dollers for the suinport of their own schoolsl havynl contrihbuted us *million and a quarter of dollars fto hbuild ings and for sites.. The fact is. Catholics have found out to their coot, that Public echools do their children hlssm. "We can say," says Miiller, "that so -far as oor Catholic children are concerned, the workings of or Publie uchlol system have proved, and do prove, highly detri. mental to their faiths and morals. So strongly has the conviction of this heoin impressed upon the mislde both of tl?e pastors and parents, that most strenuussoa \- efforts, and even esarilsous sarrifices hlive ' been made, and continue to he isasie, in order to estahlishl anti suipnort Cathollic Sparochial schools. TIn uairy cities of the Union there Is, at the plaeselt suouslonst, its daily attendance at these schools, as avorra saumber of betweesn eialhteen snd twenty thousand childrens. T'ie annusual expeusre for the malntainance of thne sehehossls does not fall far short of sue li0 h dresi thlsutaslud dollars while the aussount expended for the purchase of lots. and the erection of proper school hstildings, considerably exceeds a million." This Anmatican system may last for a time, but it cannot last for vcrp. Tt is snot national, nor is it just. and the time will come when the nation will refect it. Now take ssictoria. vith its system of thsorousgh secularist educantion. Two vital energies will never suffer this syatem.to re?sin in peace. Underncath, as it were. thstiCatholic Church and the Chlurch of nugland are ever at wort, agitating and threatening, dud expressing a deep and burning sense of relirious wrong. Dr. Moorhouse, the An-lilsnn hishop. has depicted both the Catholic and the Protes. tant feeling accurately ans strongly. Regarding Catholics lie osys, "'They tirge -' We are a fourth of your coanatunity; you take from ns by law a fosrth part of the education grant for the year, and thens with that money which yoti have taken from us you build and mnaintain schools to which we cannot sensl our childr'en tithout fear for their salvation. If yvat rill not listen to us we will give yOU no rest. WVe will move Heaven and carth to ret rid of so crying an injutstico. "We till help ant party, and take advanstaae.of anly political trouble which cats be made instrsmtental to our purpose, till we hlae compelled ystt to treat us as Christian freensoan. ansd nist as ~ litical slaves.' Thsat is thserlelatlon; of the oman Cathlolic to this la, as felt sad stated by himself." The Analimn Chureh is snr seo restlcss than the Catholic. The Victrlian Plhlic * schools reject the Iihle, whicrl is the Pro teetcnt guide to heaven. as well as the authority of the Catholic Chstrch. Both .churches are struck its a vital part, snd Iboth snually rec0sil frets tllri crnlts' nsd injsioif, fin, Mnorisost's; uslinilrsl,ly xpreassos the Protestnt position when he SWhat?l s?,F.authority is: to. the Roman Ciathol~ hoe'Bibhlo is to us. It is the most book of oti morality, it is the basis of our teaching, it is the chartcr of our dearest hopes. So long thou, as you banish the Bible from your schools, we believe that 'iu aore failing in you.i duty ; that you are not fulfilling the condition on wohichlyour right of interfcronco is based ;" that you are not raising up virtuous citizens, but that,. on the contrary, by wilthdrawing all the higher motives froni thle iinds of our clhildren, you .are most surely, however unintentionially, preparing for us a future of vice, confusion, and disaster. Take away the .Roman Cathlolics, anid we Protes taints represent more than nine-tonths of your romaining subjects, isud we demand that you shall not take our money from us by .Act of- Parlianent to . injure the" character of our 'children.-. Give us the Bible. ini o sc' asc l, taught undenomi ilsitioiially by the schoolmhster, as it is at home, .isnl in Holland, and I think we could.cheerfully support the la'w." Dboes any. serious statesman, imagine that this. systoem which' itrikes at and ovoien menaces the existence of two such powerful bodies as the. Church of England and the Catholic Ohurch, and which lhas many eremies besides, will abide, And win its way in genoral estimation ! Its doom is sealed. It is constructed on a radically wrong principle; it cuts. across the religious grain of largo conisobieitious sections of the.people, and eventually they wsil prove the stronger, and they will obtain their obvious rilghts. i Turn to. Nei. South Wales. ,'Takb. our' School systeri. . How.do.the two Churches I look upon it1. Does it thwart;tliom in their legitimnat aspirations, or do them cven-. handed justice?' ... - Tile sense of the Synod of the Church of EnGulanld :' conitained in thle followinsi words, which..form. the first part of its resolution, thirty clrgymenl being in favour of it, and only sevesn against it. It runis tlils--"This8 Synod"expresses its satisfac tion sitlh the uttimrances of tlihe President on tho subject of primary education inChurch scbhools, and trusts that the members of the Churlchwill support him in giving practicil effect thereto. Now wlihat was the ntterance of the President1 His Lordship expressed his mind. with great distinctness by drawing a comparison between Public schools and Citfrohia Enlansn i echog?s. He said : " I liave -r y ,s'reiiel?'ffn'n do still regard, religious education in our Church of England schoolsas of the greatest value to the child and to the State. The defects of tihe Puhlio school system lmay, to a cortbin oxtontlhe met and supplied by such volun 't?i?y iffoirts wi are prepariing to make in this diocese; hut the absenco of pravor, thie exclusion of the Scriptures as a lipok to he read and explained by the teacher, and tihe entire separation of tle religious from the secular instruction, are very grave omissions. In a well-conducted Church of Ensland school the. proceedings commence with a hynin aud..prayer, the Bible is the first book read, reoiliioss instruction is given by the teacher or tlie clergymani iwhose influence is on the side of order, reverouce, and submission to authority. The relative duties are enforced'iupon the basis of the fear of God, and tihe love oft Christ. There are'ari y suchl schools in this diocese Thle, re many persons in this country who owe all their hopes of heaven, as well as their well-being in life, to the princinles inculcated by the clergy. in Church of England schools. Can it be a matter of wonder that we should be Iunwvil lin" to exchasnge these sefiinaries of sourid and religious knowledge for . prayerless, scriptureless, sbcqlar scooloal . . I shall . never neaseoto oppose the. abandlomnent of our own Ulnr?l ? of Engliad schools, and shall always regard such an act as a misfor tune where inevitable, and extremely mis. chievous at the dresent juricture. . . Education, to deserve the name, should be of the whole man- body, soel, and spirit. IAnd as I believe that we of the Churchi of England in this colony are in a position .to train up good .citizens, intelligent Cihristian., and. attached mem hers of our owln communion by means of our own schools, I feel hound by every tie of patriotism,. C01istianity, and Olhrchl nmanship, to mAintain, these schoonls in existence aid incrdised eficienciy." Ponder now, uponi.tle above solo9u n words. Draw out in J own orintel ienco the picture they represeit of the.tw- s-stems of edu cation; and yoii will then uisndorstand how keen is the feeling of .serious, order-loving men with regard thirayerless; scrinturlessa, secular schools, niid' how deeply they prico that education which deals with thie whlolo man, and which aslo is wortlihy of tihe name of education.'s ' No stronger words have yet been uttered in support of Denominational education than those words of the President-words with whlich the Synod expressed its formal satisfaction-" I feel hound by every tie of patriotism, Christianity, and churchman ship, to maintain these schools in existence and increased efliciency." If reli-ion in this colony woere confined to that professed h.thde Church of England, there would he little difficulty in providin! Public schools witih ill the requirements which would satisfy the leaders of that Ci0srclh. But sicll is Iit the case. Catho lice object to the Protestant Bihle, whether lmutilated or not. 8oecularists object to Ihth pnryer and religious instruction in Public schools: Jews do not believe in (lhrist's Divinity, otf in the inspiration of thie New ['estament; ttnitarians deny the personality of the toly Ghost; Rationalists the inspiration of both Testamlents, and Nothingarians the existence of Ahnlishty God. With suich glaring fundamental ccl tradictions, one section of the community cannot legislate for the other as to what 'elini'o should he t?iuilifthPuhlic schools In fact, where there ars many creeds, the attemnt to find such a moldficInse of reliions as will please all creeds, mas always failed, and will. always fail " What we call' the religious difficulty,'" says Fraser, "emerges where the popnlation is divided between Catholics arhd Protestants, and where the chilrren in the schools are mixed in a similar way. In sucl cases, as we have found almost overvwhere else, religions instrucion ngoes to the wall. The suscepti bilities both of parents and of sects on this point are so leen, that to avoid offences, that branch of the teaching is abadoned alto gether. Mixidl scheool, with religions instruction- ocuprying 1 definite place in their programme, 're -.phenomena hardly to ho met with on the American continent. No compromise and no comnprehension hlav yet been discovered sufliciently skilful to appeoso, or sulffliciontlv tolerant to emhrace the mutual jealousies of Christian communi ties. It was so in the United States; it was so, though less. prominently in Upper Canada; it is so, though in still smaller proportions, here. It looks almost like a law of human nature that it shall be so ovrywhlloreo. Lord Shnftesbury brought out the rational of this very forcihly when he said "he w'ould imngine a case which nmight en.ily rccr'. He would imagine three children sitting side by side, eon a memher of the Church of Ehgland, anotller a child of Sorinilan inarelts, the third a thild horn of Jewishi paronts. Let thinos threce (ell)kils,! resd toother in school, dclli in thle time ri goner-si snotrictiois 40msC peIsP:Cui' pus1 tion of theo Bible, suppiosetim lsst Al-third~ clisepter of lousainh let tim-se e~lislsrlec Is t-sl en Rsny issinsesliatoly siftes·, foi· the sir pine ~of sqpeciol iinetrsctiosi. eusehi fsoln Isis ownl itllnister. Wivit wooldbr th~e effct on t~he minds of thlose thlree cilsheo 1 ''lie chlild of' theCholirds~ of Fsgnlsd wosid lesnm thle crest iscemes scs qn~..a icc~ tr'Uth iii whiich niie-tenlths·of thle cornmmunity: egree. -l Thle Sociciami child. wvocid~ be tniuglit thant trhsichi thle Chlss~cli of isgannd child believedl wee a iisost gross eror,1O enld tlcet thle po~r to uriom thle prophecy referred waNs, inl fsct,. no better -tlsssii nsrsmlo csssc. Asd thle Tewisli child w~oeld be tiseghlt to beolieve tha~t the whIole tlsimsg, from ll irelt~to lest, wee -isi absolct~'iiisiraitsitinn It wee isiiposseihle that thlese cslidross could tliisik soy belief cosenblished or certain. ~ This result would lie uiseisrsel scepticisis, or suniversish belief tisut tlierevss isothiiigo ecmssir3K iiotliing~citsrtin Snishiose, instesd of thinse thlree ebidreis' beingr ".tsenaura n"for, special. religious insstrectibo, fhait they were' conlducted into thlree c psl~st~bhes reoims coder the esose roof ecu?` tatsglst tiree opposite doctrines on a fulndamental point of Chlristianity wosid they nset isseiieiaitehy after coiipare isoeso \--assl uirisi their owls iiieuitsble coisehis shone h Would not ties evil referred to. by, Lsrd Shseftebstiry his hstiiisitied, asid would isot this seeds of scepticiose beourtso 1 hli('bc.6 cetissord 