LOVERS' PROVERBS. * '! Love knows hidden paths. Love makes labor light.. Love makes time pass away/' and' time makes love pass away. Love me little, love me long. Ami moi un.pen, mai8. continue-Lovo.mo a little, but keep it up. Love one that does not love you, answer one that does not ball you, aud. you will run a fruitless raeo. Love others well, but love yourself the most; give good for, good, but none to thine own cost. .. Love rules bis kingdom without a Bword. Love subdues everything except the felon's heart. Love teaches asses to dance. Love, knavery, and ancestry make men good orators. Love, thieves, and. fear make ghosts. Love without return is like /a question without an unswer. ' ; Love your friend with his faults. i Love your neighbor, but don't pull down the fence. ' . Lovers' purses arotied witbeobwobs. Lovers' quarrels areiredoubled. .. Lovers' anger is fuel to love, ' ; Love-mercbandiaoi is jealousy atidrbrokcn faith, V.. Lore-plant must^be watered with ;Mafs god tended with care. . " " * ? Love and singing are.not-to be foreed. Love and pride 9tock Bedlam. 1 Love being jealous makes a good-by look asquint. Love (jomea ip at the window arid goe.\out at the door. 'Jj. Love does much, butmoney does more. Love is sweet tyranny, because the lover endureth his torment willingly. < ? Love is the touchstone of virtue. Love is the loadstone of love. . Love is without prudence, and anger with out counsels. Sweethearts and Honey-bird keep no house. Love will creep when it cannot go. Wedlock is a padlock. Holloway's Ointmrnt AND l'iLi>a, -.Xliseasc-s u* tho Bowels.-A remedy which has been testcd^nml I proved in a thousand (UlVoreut ways, capable of eradi eating poisonous taints'from ulcers anil hcalinv them'un merits a trial ut its capacity for extricating th°c internal corruptions from the buwels. On nibbing Hollowav's Ointment repeatedly on the abdomen a niah anoeare and as it thickens tlie alvine irritability subsides. Actin^ as a derivative, this unguent draws to tlie surfacc re" leases "the tender intestines ft-om Ull acrid taatters'and I prevents wtlahuuation, dysentery, and piles, for which I blistering was tho oM-laaluoued though successful treat- I ment, now,'from its painfuluess fallen into dianse-. the discovery of this Otutmeut having proclaimed a'remedy gossessiug equally derivative, yet perfectly painless I powers.-Adv|. . , 1 Fire extiagaishera-Coal nwnoptfiiata, 