-ARE THE DENOMINATIONAL SCHOOLS EQUAL TO THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS. The question of repealing the Educational System of this colony is being debated at some length in the Legislative Assembly, and those who are opposed to the adoption of the new -system proposea ny tne irarues Government are very wishy-washy in their deliverances. Mr. O'Connor says that there is nothing to show why Denominational Schools should be closed ; we beg to differ with him in this respect, and will show it further on. Mr. Fitzpatrick, in a brilliant address, speaks strongly against the maintenance of .Denominational; Schools but intimates that he intends to vote against the Bill before the House. His speech was characterized by Mr. Greenwood as being a thoroughly Protestant speech, but . he was going to give a Catholic vote. Of all the Catho lic Members who oppose the Bill, the out- ? curings of Mr. McElhone are the most honest; t is his conviction that Denominational Education - is a necessary ingredient -of:- our Educational System, and '-whilst intimating hik intention to . oppose . the measure, admitkthat ' th'e Gpye'rhmeht had no other course open'to them than -the one, they have pursued, / in the .-face: of the challenge thrown down . to, them;by--,Dr.' Vaughan, who he says has been a firebrand and a curse to the colony since hc put his foot.on her shores. Mr; MbElhohe also " runs away with the belief.that Pehdniihational Schools are as good as many ochers. ' 'Wb believe" that he errs here, and .so c far. as .our district is concerned,' will prove it so. " He further goes on to say -that / Dr. 'Vaughan had done more to make edu cation purdy secular, compulsory, and free than had been done by all the advocates of secular education. If the Denominational Schools in thik colony were lost— and he believed they "would be— they might give Archbishop Vaughan .. the thanks and- credit for it, , and .one thing was ' certain that if thoy . did lose them, they had lost them, never to see them again. Whatever right Dr. Vaughan.mighti/have'had to criticize the action of the, Public Schools.in regard to the Catholics,--; he had gone butiofhik way to accuse the Public. Schools _qf_ heing seed-plots of / infidelity and all sorts of infainy. He did not _;belieyeltheir faith Iwas- trampled 'upon,' -Tor it : father iand i-mother' failed to teach: a ; child; to walk,in.,-the,.-waya of God,, all the.schoolmasters,: ' priests,' 'ahd'/'parBohs in the " world would not / make it a good Christian; a good citizen, or a' good subject, , ... . . . So miich"for that staudpoint, and now to fulfil our promise of showing the opponents of the measure now before , the House that they are wVdng in saying that Denominational Schools are as- good as any others. ; r Take" firstly the iate Church of England SchooLat Pitt Town: -; ;This school/dragged on a misenable " existahoe for a number of years, and when- a Public School was established at Grono -Patk,about two miles away, the larger children were sent jthere because., they, received a bettor education, ; /and - the ; Denominational School, situate right in the heart of the population, . would have been closed long before it was but for the circumstance that small children could not put up with the fatigue of going so far to school:.:: Eventually,; a Public school was established in the township, andthe other immediately collapsed.; / 'At Wilberforce. we now/ifor a fact that the Church iof England i/Penbminational School could only just be kept ' -up to , the average, whilst dozens 'of ' children _walked' all the way to Windsor coming Jroin distances of four and in some cases, six miles to school here; Upon the establishihent of a Pnblic : School - at Freeman's : Reach .and in the township, the Dehominational school at once gave up the ghost. In the sister town, Rich- niond, a Church of England Denominational School was throughly established, and a splendid school building provided, with a like result. It fled before the Public school in the same town, and whiUt large additional buildings had to be provided in one case, the other was empty, and gradually sunk: so low that the average attendance fell below, seven, : and the school ' was closed. There is a Catholic Denominational school ' in the same town, which aye, are of ; opinion, , will soon follow in its footsteps.' "Coming nearer home what do we find.: in Windsor?! A Church 'bf England Denominational School, which is only kept open because there are a number, of children too small to be trusted ivithout proper protection so far away from; home as the Public School is situate, and we venture to ; assert, had we a Public School at this end of the town, that the fate of the Debbminatiohal sehool would be hastened. There is a Catholic Denominational school here, which is attended rnore'.. by Pro testants 'than' Catholicsj "which ' would'not be -thq case, had -\vo : another Pnblic school-, in the town to meet the growing requirements. If this school depended upon' Catholic children to keep up- its_ average attendance, as required by the regulations, its ' time 'would'have long since come,.and.it would have been but a thing of the past. So far we have treated our subject as to the regular attendance of children at the Denomi national Schools in this district, and wo will now go further; in;anawer to Messrs. O'Connor and McElhone, and show that Denominational, ; 'achools. are not as good; as Public schools. ;Take for instance the number of children attending our Public Schools in this district, who have . qjassed a successful civil service and matricula tion examination, . How' maiiy ' have passed from the Denominational ; schools. We have : taxed . pur memory, and what, records, are in our possession,, and we cannot find 'that a single pupil from those schools has passed an . . examination, either for the civil- service,' or have matriculated, "while dbzens from the Public ; schools of, Wiridsoi", Richmond, 'and surroundings have made, their; mark. > Where then is the boasted" equality of Denominational with Public , :Schools ? Messrs O'Connor and -McElhone. von arc fully answered.- -T/ie AMstrafian— Windsor. 