SALT AND RUST. • The following letters have been addressed to a contemporary:— Sir, In your issue of the 9th inst a letter appears signed, "J.W." on rust and how to prevent it. I will pass the greater part of his letter over without comment, but in the latter part he writes that he never heard any one say that he saw rust in a fieldof wheat that was eaten down with sheep. If he bad wound up his letter at that, for my part I would have left him alone, and never mentioned that I saw ruBt in wheat that was fed off with Bheep, and not only saw it but felt it. He also says that farmers who would feed their wheat off with sheep at the end of August or beginning of September would not have rust. With all respect to " J.W." and his opinions I cannot agree with him. It is all moonshine to think feeding off with sheep will keep wheat from having the rust, as the following will testify :—I sowed three bags of purple straw wheat on iourteen acres ofiand, the second crop in the month of May, 1875. Fed it off with sheep to the end of August, and when it came out in car it looked a splendid crop, and I thought it would turn out at the least six bags to the acre. I started to cut it on the first day of January, when it was sickening to look at, for it was rust and nothing but rust from morning till night, and instead of six bags of wheat I got two. And mind you not of wheat but wheat's ghost, and the strangest part was that none of my neighbors had ruBt or the sign of it, their crops being ripe a few days before mine, and not having been eaten down with sheep.—Yours, &c.;, Tatong, 14th August. Sir,—As one who has used salt on many occasions, permit me to inform Mr. John Knight that there is no danger in ueing salt as a top- dressing, provided it is not overdone. I have a small crop of hay, on which I sowed about three-quarters ot a hundredweight to the acre about a fortnight since, and it looks beautiful. I would therefore recommend about one hundredweight to the acre, when the blade is about four to six inches high. Sow while the dew is on it, or before rain. How the salt acts on the straw and prevents rust is a scientific question, not yet definitely settled, but I have no hesitation in asserting that it does it.—Yours, &c.;, 18th August B. FARMER. 