LES CLOCHES HE COENEVILLE.. The Theatre Royal will reopen on Saturday evening for the English and Opera Bouffe season, when Planquette's '• Les Cloches des Corneville" will be presented for the first time in South Australia. The argument of the opera is as follows: -The Marquis of Corneville, who has been since childhood, owing to certain political unpleasantness, an exile, returns to liis ancestral home on the occasion of the great annual fair which is being celebrated in the village that receives its name from his chateau. It is a truly Norman village, of the old Normandy type. In the first act we find an extensive collection of village gossips discuss ing the usual scandal and small talk of a rural district. Serpolette, a sort of good-for-nothing, is the topic of conversation among the village maidens and matrons. She comes just m time to save her reputation, by turning the tables on her traducers. Gaspard, an old miser, proposes to give his niece, Germaine, iu marriage to the representative official dignitary of the village, the Bailie. The niece decidedly objects to this arrangement; and although she declares that she is bound in ties of gratitude to a certain fisherman named Grenicheux, for saving her life (as she thinks) yet she asserts that her heart is untouched by the dart of love. To escape the marriage so hateful to her and Grenicheux, and to fly from the vengeance of Gaspard and the Bailie, both parties take ad vantage of the privileges of the fair and become servants of the Marquis, in which position they find themselves joined by the scapegrace, Ser polette. The second act is taken up with the exposures of the ghosts in the haunted Castle of Corneville. The Marquis, confident that there was nothing supernatural about the strange ap pearancs which for such a long time perplexed the simple villagers, introduces his men into the castle, and finds out, after many persistent at tempts, that the entire army of ghosts is comprised in the person of Gaspard. The old miser is discovered, and be comes crazy on account of the fear of losing his treasure, which he has concealed in the old castle. The act ends with the celebrated bell song and chorus, the most taking musical num ber to be found in the entire range of comic opera. In the third act the chateau is restored to all its pristine splendor, and the Marquis has entered it as master. The villagers are invited to a grand fete, and the miser, Gaspard, is still crazy. Serpolette comes in as a grand lady, and Grenicheux as her factotum. After a love scene between the Marquis and Germaiue, it appears that the latter is the rightful heiress and the true claimant of the title of Marchioness, before conceded to Serpolette. The opera closes with the reconciliation of all parties, and the romantic story is brought to a happy end. 