? THEATRE ROYAL.—Mrs. G."B. Lewis aa feelim, and Mr. Thorne as the almond-eyed Celestial, were successful in their endeavours to amuse those who witnessed Thursday night's performance of " Blue Beard." To-night is announced as the last of this burlesque and its inimitable baby ballet. ' CoBNWAii BELIEF FOND.—An entertainment was given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Franklinstreet, on Thursday evening, August 14, on behalf of the Cornwall Belief Fund. The hall was well filled by an appreciative audience, who seemed very well pleasfed with the efforts put forth by the members of the Adelaide Lodge No. 2, I.O.G.T., under the B.W.G.L. of the World. Songs, duets, glees,"and recitations were given by Misses Hensoh, Herfley, Vandepeer, Stephens, Nolan, Cooke, and Winwood, and Messrs. Baker, Smart,' Pearse, Cameron, Mitchell, Chip, ToWnley, Patten, and Thomas. Brother W. Stephens, G.W.O.T., was in the chair, and Miss S. A. Wihwood presided at the piano. - FOOTBAIX in THE STEEETS.—A very amusing affair occurred at Gawler. on Thursday afternoon, August 14. Several young people of Gawler—bank clerks and . others—assembled opposite the Commercial Hotel, and were practising football in the main street-'- Having been cautioned by the-police to stop play they refused to do so, and Constable' Miller took possession of the ball, and carried it%if3o the Police Station. CHAXHEBS CHURCH MUSICAL ASSOCIATION.— The members of this Association will give a concert next Friday .'evening in the Flindersstreet Presbyterian Church Lecture Hall. TORSO MEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.—A musical and literary entertainment in connection with this Association will be given in Salisbury Chambers this evening. THE SOUTH ADELAIDE FOOTBALL CIXB.—Our correspondent at Willunga writes as follows:— " Referring to correspondence in your columns re the South Adelaide Football Club, permit me to say a few words in their behalf. A team from that club visited us on the 6th inst., and, excepting a little roughness (some say unfair) on the part of -one - member, the whole team conducted themselves, both on the ground and in the township, in a most creditable manner, and I believe both sides thoroughly enjoyed a friendly and pleasant game." WHITE'S BOOKS.—There was again, a goc<3 attendance at this place of amusement on Thursday sight, when D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment was repeated. The applause was hearty and frequent, .and the performances well merited it. THE LYNCH FAMILY OF BBLLBIHGEBS.—This company appeared at Quorn on Monday last to a crowded house, and in consequence" of the success of the entertainment an extra one was announced for the following evening. In our advertising columns will be found the Bellringers' arrangements for the remainder of this and next week. . 