PENOLA. (From our Pat Contributor.) The concert in aid of the Institute took place on Monday evening last. The hall has lately been painted and the scenory re»deoorated by Mr. Robbie, and that gentlemau, as is usual with him on occasions of this kind, offered bis services in getting up an entortainnient to assist the Committee in defraying the exponee of the im provements. Aa ia frcquontiy tho caso in matters of this kind in Pciiolr. everything was hurried and not suffieiont publicity given of tho intended concert, and consequently tho attend ance was not so large as it would otherwise pro bably have been. Tho weather was also most unfavorable, tho ovoning being cold, wet, and exceedingly dark. Notwithstanding all theao drawbacks there was a rnoderato attendance, and the funds probably benefited to the extent of <86 or £7. With regard to the concert itself littlo can be said, the majority of the singors aro so well known, and their various abilities so much appreciated that it is somowhat diftioub to know what to write about thorn. It will, I think, bo suffloient to state that Mrs, Greeulccs came to the front as usual by her performances on tho piano, and as aceompanyiat to the majority of the singers. Mr. Bassot also kindly rendered his assistance in tho musical arrangements. Our old friends Messrs, Attiwill and Valentino wero in eacoellent voice, both in their solos (encored), and their duet, "Flow on thou shining river" being in my opinion tho gem of the oveniug. Mr. Harrison (Mount Gambior), an old friend and favorite, always manages by his humorous eccentricities to keep tho audience in good humor. Mr. Bobbie as tho bold outlaw, arrayed in the garb of old Gaul, with kilt and sporran and eagle feathers, gavo a recitation in capital. style, and looked the character to perfection, so muoh so, indeed, that timid individuals might have taken him for the veritable Roderick Dhu himself, and at onco hauded over their valuables without a murmur, A young lady, Miss Land seer, who ia staying on a visit with some friends in tho township, made her first ap pearance, having vory kindly consented to assist in tho entertainment. Miss Latidseer, who was accompanicii by Mrs. R. Goldsmith, has a very pleasing and cultured, though not very powerful voice, and sang with an expres sion taste, and feeliug that was much appre ciated bv the audienco. Mr. Charles Miller also made his first bow to a Penola audience, and acquitted himself remarkably well. His clog danoing was much1 admired, and, so far as I am in a position to judgo, it was nearly, if not quite equal to some that I havo seen by the so-called champion olog-daucera of tho world, Our old frieud Peter assisted Mr. Miller by his excellent violjin accompaniment, which contributed muoh to the success _ of the dancing. A nigger farce, "The Ghost in a Pawnshop," whioh created muoh amusoment, brought tho evening's enter tainment to a olose. I might mention that the Penola Band attended and renderod their valu able assistance, the drummer being particularly conspiouous by his efforts to attract attention. It may not be out of place to say a word or two with respeot to a little error that is very fre quently committed by our amateur singers, and that is that, instead of standiug on the front of the stage and singing to the audienoe, they take' their places by the side of the piano, and sing to the wall, and the consequence is that the major ity of persons in the boay of tho hall cannot hear 01 understand a word that is said. The Rev. Unlay presided, and the audience, in their haste to depart, forgot to pay the usual compliment of a vote of thanks to the Chairman and singers. The paragraph in IVatch about that fine old steamer, the Great Britain, having been built as a paddle steamer and afterwards fitted with the the sorew, is, I fancy, slightly inoorreot. If I remember rightly, she was built in Bristol as a sorew steamer, and it wbb not until after she had gone ashore at Dundrum Bay that Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co., who purchased the vessel while lying "Ibn-i had her taken off and lengthened. u10!.^ Watoh'a readers will no doubt re ? .I j. 'au8hable blunder that was made in building the old vessel. After being launched, it was found that the dook gates were not wide enough to permit of her passing out, and conse quently the walls had to be taken down to allow her to do so. There is an old saying, " Put not your faith in princes," and lam under the impression that the residents in this neighbourhood may very well add. to the saw " Do not believe in Crown Land Commissioners." In consequence of the very limited area of the Educational Reserve south of the township, and rented by the Counoil for the convenience of the inhabitants, the former body some time since applied to have some three or four seotions about a mile or two north of the township containing some natural water-holes reserved for the benefit of the residents in the neighbourhood. At the same time pointing out that the land, if reserved, would prove a great convenience to travelling stock, The request was complied with, and the Council expeu ied some hundred pounds or more in fencing nnd other improvements, under the impression that the land would be permanently reserved for pubhoconvenience, Howover, notwithstanding all the representations that have been made to the department ou the subjeut, the laud U wow gazetted for sale. A meeting of the ratepayers was held on Wednesday evening to protest against this aotion on the part of the Com missioner. In the absence of the Chairman of the Counoil, Councillor M. Clarke was requested to preside, The Chairman, after stating to those present the object in calling the meeting and the various steps that had been taken by the Council ia tlio matter from' time to time, read the j memorial that hud been prepared for presenta* ' tion to the Government, with the .view of having j tho laud withdrawn from sale. Much indig* I nation was expressed by those present, and the memorial, which was very numerously signed, will bo at once forwarded to Mr, Glyde for pre* sentatioa to the authorities, It certainly ooes Beem very strange that notwithstanding the large quantity of land there is still available for selection in the district the Government oannot reserve some three or four sections for the con* venienoe of the inhabitants of Peuola, and the public generally. The adjourned meeting of the proposed Flour Mill Company wns held immediately after the forcgoiug, Mr. Clarke acting as Chairman, The correspondence having been gone through} a letter was read from Air. Williams, Mount Gam» bier, in which that gentleman gave the Com mittee much valuable information, nnd offering gome machinery for sale at a reduced price, at tho same time stating his willingness to. take up shares in the undertaking. About six hundred shares was taken up by those present, making between six hundred and soven hundred shares now subscribed for. Several gentlemen were ap pointed to canvaaa tho town, and also to wait on the settlers in tho neighbourhood. Tho matter has not beau taken up so enthusiastically as I anticipated it would havo been ; but as the pro» motors avo evidently very earnest in their desire to carry out the project to a successful conclusion, there is every reason to believe that such will be the caao. A cordial vote of thanks to the Chair man closed the proceedings, The meeting being adjourned for a fortnight, There were no cases for trial at the Local Court on Wednesday. , v 