HONORABLE members are supposed. to enter the Legislative Assembly for the transaction of' the public business. 'This, 1 at all events, is the belief outside; or it* woold be hardly •worth while of the electora ..to te^e so mach trouble as they do to form the " great council of the nation." Bat if we are to judge by . the experience of this week, Bome honorable members are of opinion that something quite.ontside of all this is really their function. This section of the House evidently believe that the sole work which they have to perform is to harass the Ministry; prevent all progress: talk as offensively as human nature will endure,and generally to lower the prestige of the Assembly in the opinion of the country as effectually as human e^ort can compass. And we are boirnd to eay that from this point of ;Tiew these members do their wofk well. -Members of this class are never at a loss to find an opening for the display of their "peculiar faculty. Everything that comes before the Honse is grist to their mill. No matter what the subject may be, small, medium, or great, it is always turned to their advantage. They are ever ou the alert to catch at any straw which offers the opportunity for carrying out their vocation; and neither one party nor the other, can bring them to reason. They are just as indifferent to party discipline as they are to the public wants; just as ready to annoy one side of the House as they are to say anything, or do anything, as againBt the other that will answer their purpose. Altogether, this class of members are genuine Ishmaelites of the Assembly; and to those who have : placed them where they can give full rein to their peculiar idiosyncrasies, perhaps, the worst bargain they ever effected. Now these members have been having really big innings this week. It commenced early on Tuesday afternoon^ and -was not really brought to a dose ontil the Assembly rose on Wednesday night. It started on Tuesday, when the Ministry brought down what was tantamount to a re-vote for the Railway Department, and what oo all previous occasions was passed with little or no discussion. Hours, however, were spent by this noble band of patriots " stone-walling" this schedule, the great bulk of the money setforth oh whichhad already beenexpended; and it wbb not ontil daylight, had nearly dawned,and they found themselvesonable to cope with the firm phalanx which sat on the Ministerial benches, and were deserted by the regular Opposition, that they gave in, and allowed the schedule to be adopted. - But, although ont-generalled for the nonce, their appetite for strife was not appeased. They returned to tbe charge the following night; and selected perhaps the most absurd base for a fight that could have been chosen for the purpose. Mr Bebry submitted a motion that the sessional order forbidding new business to betaken after eleveno'clockberaad and jescihded, so far as Government business was boncerned. There was nothing in this motion that could be twisted into' a wrong by the ntmoBt casuistry. The design was simply to clear the paper of other matters as quickly as possible, in order that'the House could sooner give close attention to the Budget and the Constitution Act _Beform Bill—the two pieces de resistance of the session. But the Ishmaelites would have none of it. 'They "stone-walled " it vigorously,'although do reasonable fault could be found with the motion. The result was a victory to these fire-eaters, in spite of their . limited somber, -as the principal members-«f> the House - came, to a compromise, .namely, -the adjournment of- the subject for a week, to get rid of the fighting. Now, we are just as much alive to -the necessity of free and open discussion in Parliament, as Twell as outside^' as die most rabid member of the Assembly is. We would not stop it on any account, even if we had the power—which: we have not But there should always be some reason, in these -wordy war&—some tangible and useful object to Berve. "Bat it is a peculiarity„of these disturbances^ -that there is Beldom anything worth & "dozen wordBTn them ; nothing really to& J^meSP by bringing them oh '; and this is the reason why >^hey appear to us to to. so.per- ahBiird j so,utterly v utelesB.; So; lowering to the House,"and-so "degrading to those members wbo provoke them. The Assembly is supposed to.be what? A reflex of the intelligence of the people.' Should it, then, be subjected to these firee? .lance fights, through which abont one "hour is devoted tothepuMlebugtoeg8,^ a dozen to die intenchangerf personalities, and .to. anything and everything else for. which the. House has NOT been ejected ? from-tbesony light in which these ridiculous scenes place those who jirovoke them;: they ara really an inSul^tqtbejpeqpJe. Is it,; then,toomnch to askthbeeaembers,wh~ose ^ands are -against iall their ^brother members, just the same as the hands of their' brother members'seemi toie against them, irrespective of partyj -to leave off thia dangwhahging, and Jnrn^their attendon to the public busui^ak ?. 'LIE it too much to ask them to, enable t&e-;^Gnisby to bring, on the Badget',discussion, and the Kefonn .Bill discussion,by showing a little verbal discretion while ofter-matters, svliich bar the way,aie being disposed of? Tbe Budget and the Eeform BDI are wortiyof ianv friend ^•"fceinlBrtr nstetJ jTrad'tte'Tnore' KChlrSlli -' Bvely they are dispqned,'1iie more the speakers Trill ^how-themselvea worthy of the jposiUao they oocupy.But to -wrangle, night after night ovw ,trifles, for the mere' purpose ^aboang jmd.^eingaepiiBdiD, is amdy anything intsedil^te conduct It me, and a i S - aS~T V r K s physical t exertion. It is also an insult to an intelligent v community, as the least reflection I S ought to convince every one of the members of "the ^Assembly wbo give "way-to this practiced It is high time, then, these word-spifinerfl abont nothing came to a sense of the false position which they take up, and mended their ways. ThiB is teally a great -want in the Assembly; and the sooner it is supplied the better. A BILL of no small importance to the public and the banks has jast been tabled in the Assembly. It has been brought in by Mr DWYEB and Mr Dow; and the object of it is to amend the Banks and Currency Statute that was passed in the year 1864. There are fourteen-clauses in the bill, the purport of which is as follows:—Six months after BUTKTD the bill paBses (should it ever do thiB), no TEN- director, manager, or other officer of the ELORIGTAND bank will be allowed, either directly or indirectly, to borrow for himself, or any partnership in which he may be mixed up, any money from the bank with which he is connected; nor will the management be allowed to lend a single shilling to such personB. And the more effectually to prevent anything of this kind taking place, the bill provides that any person offending against the law in this respect will be liable to a term of imprisonment, at the.discretion of the court, for a term not exceeding five years. The bill further provides that the Commissioners of Audit shall be ex- offido (that is, by virtue of their office) auditors of every bank, and be compelled to audit the accounts of each bank every three months; and generally make full enquiry , into everything connected with each bank, in order that they can report to the Governorin-Council faithfully upon its condition. Any person connected with a bank, failing to make a clean breast as to its affairs, when applied to by the Audit Commissioners, will be liable to be imprisoned for a term, not exceediBg three years, for the omission. The bill then goes on to provide that no bank shall, either in its own name, 1 or' in the name of any -other person, pur-, chase its own issued stock; that from and after the first day of next year, no banking company shall own any of its own issued stock; and that every bank shall bold coin equal in amount to the. amount of its.nots issue. Then the bill provides that no bank Bhall advance to a partnership or company, on amount exceeding l-20th «f the paid-up capital of the said partnership or company; thatnot less than one- half the number of -directors shall retire annually, and not more than half of these shall be eligible for re-election, until after tbe expiration of twelve months from the date of their retiring; that half-yearly balance-sheets of every bank shall be made up on the 30th Jane and 31st December of every year; and that any banking company offending against any of tbe provisions of the bill shair be deemed to be insolvent, and shall, ou the application of any person, be forthwith wound np by the Supreme Court under .Part TV. of the Companies Statute. Such, briefly described, is the bill which has found its way into the Assembly through the agency of Messrs Dwxeb #nd Do w; and of course opinions will vary very much as to its wisdom. But, for our part, we think the public generally will be glad to see a hill of this natnre introduced. -At present there is really no supervision over the banks. They have carte blanche, so to speak, to carry on their affaire how they like; .and i£ any of them happened to be unsound, the public would learn nothing about it until the crash.came. The auditors do not make particularly close enquiries .when discharging their functions, for reasons which are obvious enough to every person. The directors are not oat' spoken, especially if anything is going wrong; and the result is that the people, who are so deeply interested in tbe banks, know little or nothing -of their real condition. The object of the - new bill is to rectify this state of things; and we need only point to the disclosures which have been made in connection with the Provincial and .Suburban Baiik, to Bhow the wisdom of this being done, and the necessity of ench protection to the public being afforded. There is no reason to suppose that, any of the bants now carrying on business in Victoria are unsound. But there is no telling, what may happen hereafter; and it is quite right to take time by the forelock in a matter of this description.TThe new bill urns at doing this; and, subject to two <or three amendments, which we -shall probably indicate at some future'time, there' are very good reasons why it should be agreed to. The bill is really founded upon the Californian model, to which we referred at length a few weeks back. The principle' it embodies is working- well in that Stats, and is regarded with great satisfaction alike by i the sound banks and the people. It is also a terror to. all knavish institutions of this class—another element whfch speaks strongly in its -favor.. . Messrs DWYEB and Dpw bave.done well,' .therefore, in fringing in the bill we hare described, xdthough, in view of ihe importance of the subject dealt witbj it shonlij,^ perhaps, have been a' Government measure. Its provisions would: putaspeedy«nd to all-trickery^protect thepublic; and really do good to all honest banks. . These are strong reasons Jo urge in behalf of this bill,,and the best tbatcould be given why il shoirid be adopted. IThe B.M.B. Atom arrived at the Headi at'SJS yesterday afternoon, and reached the Bay at 6.80. . . •Tbe eleotlon of a eoinoDor lor the wntral ward of the city, held jeeterday, reunited In the re election'of J. &L; Claxton by a majority of 63 -votes-over Vr Shoppee, and 4ii rotes over .ter j, J Graber. The t<*al number of vcteB were—Mr Olaiton. 485: Mr rotes ont of 1244 In the ward.. Kr Graber forfelta hie deposit-money Br Olaiion was retained "wlthont opposition in 1873 end 1876. There vasVgreatorovd around thedty B^l at tbe^dirUon of the poll, bnt moh inflprolr was made, that It vaa Imnoulbie for 1 Sfc of f 3? oanMelM : obtain'A tearing. - Mr Claiton addressed hla ^apfdrlmat Craige alttr (he Actaraflm of tte poll, &Tt;^aia.^n«tam thuke to thrtr imiportera jwblioly: to^ay... ,TBe OM^onInamostg«^-h™ored»aj— •» orderly. Indeed, were the proceeding^, that tWe- *bortKi^^ - ohMaotrriseathe etooOon as more liko aiimeral thani conUat Tor mjnfcipanionaM. Jlr T. A. 0halk wae n^de^el auditor by a majotity al S40 votee-orer Itr Thcmin^ The billot box-s holding the rfcKi- We regret tn «««<!,.< ami«, vho has Wlerjy Aeen an inmate of the Ballarat Benevolent -Aeylnm,'dfed In that loitilnHon yeaterday ' The fronted was formerly cpnietted: with the Britieh" ;Army In India, jnd j'nbesijnenOT - had nhuKe olaomeprtoonera in Tap limit LahS under the *J?jf ,e i!f.5K t " m ., Dir °Hoistanoes. however, had gone ™ dl ? J'i'S Wf.oJ.}ate yt«e, ^ hioh reidered it neoes-' sary thatheiihetadeeei a home in the anlnm. . The deeeased. who wiu a i»nibBr of the Haunlo order dkdat tho advanooa^ge ol ieventy-eJghtyiaanL ; wwwrted to-«tete that, in oaueqnaiee at dopartmrEUl bnslneaa, the BAN. AUnr not be able to attend the aeett^it Haddqn thi< evening. Kr rincham and Mr Ben con- Syi^iSd tea S i ^ , l h l t ^ niaetiiig may ffeolveS ufon^galtfe^Artnrti^bMmKS: tfciwithhhaohooL artferMtian liSTwere^Srf In»wxfflfln-lo! Ihe ubea cS two^bf ^ta kaalalint reeolved to giveanentertalnmant fEeld rf&i; n^. ions of their ealaries Btopped. They, on inch terms, erv properly refused to etend and deliver; but the SlSmanly herf teacher •• had it out • of them for i that, and lh» teachers who dared to do as ttW pleased with their own are now having a gay timecf it A very serious accident was very nearly happenlrg last night daring the declaraUon of the poll for the Tewn Ootmcil in the I astern Polio. Court. The sallery was completely flllrd with boys, who were di.turbing and at times preventing the businesE.by the clamor tliey raised and the noiie of their moving about Owing to their pressing too heavily against the balustrade, it suddenly swajed out, acd was very nearly falling down on to the people bolow. i orlunatell it did not give way, but had it done so a great number of those silting near to it would have been precipitated with tho timber on to the h ads of those underneath, and tbe conetqnences in all probability would havo been disastrous. For the rest of the evening the crowd gavo the bilustrade a wide berth. Mr O O Shoppee's committee and friend* met at the George hotel alter (he declaration of Ihe Doll last evening,-Jtr O. B«iley in the ohair. General regrei was expressed that a lew daj-s' more caurassing had net been made, as then it was believed the rwult wonld have be;n a victory. Mr Sboppee. in thanking his friends and oommittee, stated his convletion that the contest during the day had been oonducted on both sides iu a fair manly spirit. He hoped at some fuiure time to come forward again, and wonld like his old committee to assist him He felt he would like to have the honor of representing Ids fellow citizens In the City Connoil, and would prize the positlsn. Although defeated now, he was determined, it requested, to come forward again. ifhebai taidany- Uilng in the heat of tLe election to offend those opposed to him, he did not intend to do so. He again lhanted them, and should nevor forget their kindness in assisting him. He felt now he had a strong band of warmhearted friends. A vote c! th'-nfcs to tha chairman and deputy chairman was moved Mr Bean, seconded by Mr Darby, and carried with applause. It is seldom that we have to record cases of pocketpicking, but one occurred yesterday, when ft young gentleman sUndinglin the crowd, waiting to bear the result of the City election declared, found that he had been relieved of his watch—a gold one—by eome person of captivating ways. The oommittee of the Cornish relief fund having acoepted the kind offer of the liov. W. A. Quick - to deliver a lecture on the V History ef Cornwall, 11 arrangemente have been made lor its delivery in tha Mechanic* 1 Institute, which has been granted free of charge, on Monday, 25th August Tho lecture is to be Interspersed by choice. Felections of music by Mrs Uren and company, wbo will again, by request, introduoe the celebrated echo," Home, eweet h?me,"-and other chorueea. From the well-knoiwn popularity of the rev. gentleman, the aubject will doubtless be well trMted and prove highly inetrnolive and interesting to ourOomish residents. Ihe tickets'are ready for circulation, and can be obtained of the general mittee at -the Mechanics 1 Institute this evening. It was Mrs Bouvard, not Mr Eimvard, who was at the Hospital ball on Wednesday everting. ' An accident occurred, to Mounted-constaMe Etoddart at £ungaree yesterday, by whioh be snstained a slight' ooncussion of the brain It appears that while mounticg his horce to proceed to one of the polling-booths; the animal bounded forward and threw -Btoddart on his head on the road. The injured man was licked up at onoe, and rrmained insensible fcr tearly an hour, but last evening we were informed that ho was in a fair way to recovery from his aooideLt. We were yeaterday shown by Mr J. Wright, photographer. a very well exeeuted portrait of the late Mr S. H. Marshall. The picture, which is from an enlargement of a cARTE-DE TINTS taken by Mr Wrigh some time ago, Is beautifully painted by Eemp. of Melbourne, and is pronounced Dy the friende c<f the deceased gentleman fto be a speaking -likeoass. Mr Wright also prepared a llfe-sind bust portrait of Mr Marshall, in his untform as treasurer of the O.F.B., to the order of-the brigade. Messrs W. -Brown and D. Hughes hnviB been ncmi. jiated-for the vacantly in the Board .cf Advice for BebeatopoL The poll will be taken on the 21st instant The 'first entertainment in connection' with thei Dawson Street Coagregational Mutual Improvement Soofety took place last evening; tbe Bev. Joseph Walker in the chair. • Thoie were nbcut S50 persons present, and a most enjoyable evening was spent The programme.-was S£lulloKB^ie&tatLe;, hj £ees fasiUy*, Teading," Ihe two cits," B. lUIs; duet, 41 Flew on thou shining iXivBr,* 1 Misses Bosb and L alyon; iemperanoo recitation, Jliu f pargo; recitation, u The lover^ sacrifice, 1 * Mr J.- Urnmn ond; song, "There is a Sower that bloometh,"Mr J. B Gray; reoitation, Peggy, or the one-legged goose, n Mr W. £dwards; song, •'Foot&tepe; on the stairs," MisB .Games;' organ.solo, Mr Charles ,1-yres;- readiig *' bnbert and Arthur, 11 Mr H. Lcnie; aong, 11 Sweethearte," Miss. Malyan; recitation," 1 he charge ol tbe Light Brigade/ 1 Master IS. Gribble (seven years eld); duet," A voioe frrm the waves^JUrand.liiss Eeee; recitation, " The .gambler's wife, 11 Mr F. H. Davis; reelUlion, Waterloo, 1 *' -Mr J. Memorey; ballad, " Thou art ee near and yet so far," Mrs Gray; reciution, "Don John, 11 Mr B. Wilson; chorus, "The villiace choristers," the Beee famKy. The entertainment ctncluded by the whole audience rising and singing "God save the Queen. 11 The chatrm annonncsd that the Rev. J. J. Halley wonld lecture 'Tnesday next, on " The rise and progress of 1 ng'ish in dependence." There will be a foil dismounted parade of the Ballarat TroopP.W.V.L.H., at the AlfredHiiIl, this evening, at a quarter past seven. The Bev. W. Thomas will preach in the Welsh Calvini.'tic Ohnrch, Bebastopol,next6nnlay afternoon and evening. Mr Matthews, jun., son of tke caretaker of the Academy of Music, has just completed a back and pair of side scenes which would do oredit to, older hands' in sccne-painting. The set represents a rural landscape, the perspective of which ts really exoellent, and ehows that the yoong ud rising artist has th.t taste for his profession Which will enable htm to come to the fore before lorg. We are informed that the paintings are intended fcr ghost entertainments, similar to D T Arcy. Bead*a show. Amongst the exhibits In the lithographic department at the Kewfionth Wales International Exhibition, •we are sure that one at least will be of interest, which has been prepared by Mr T. Bider, an employ^ in Mr HI van's establishment. Start etreat. The exhibite represent a lithograpblo drawing, on rough stone, of a combination of tha twelve principal ferns indigenous to Australia, and the artist has shown perfect taste in •the arrangement. . A meeting in connection with the Oity Free Library committee wUl be held this evening, for the t ot forming a literary and dramatic association. Mr Campbell, the Australian bueh aid goldfields missionary, will pruih twice next Sabbath in tbe Mechanics'Institute The afternoon en! jsct will be on " The all-engrossing questions of the day, 11 and the evening's topic will be " The pleasnree of hope." We have received from Mr Snmmersoalos a copy the WEDIY WELCOME, the monthly part of which just made Its appearaBoe. It abounds with excellent reading matter, and Si interleaved with some very pretty illustrations. In the frontispiece is a bust portrait of H.B H. the Duke of rdinburgh. The oommittee of the Cornish belief Ftmd wfll jneet at the Mechanics' InsUmtethis evening, at halfnast eeven, when it la hoped that aU hoMera o[ collect- Ing-books and tickets for the concert wfll be present " ®Uns«I the Hen Street-Band oTHope will be held in the schoolroom this evening, athalf-pastreven. A'good programme wfll be provided. • .' The arrangements lor the drawing of Bridges' artmlon are approaching oomple.ian, ud tho originator ;has shown hla BMAFILA to the euhacrilwra by lodging another £1003 to credU In bank, thus ma^rg more ton the liability incurred Mr Bridges inf o5nT u that he ia4etarmined to oonfnte ihe iSiauationsof-a disappointed parties, and there isno doubt that, with some toistance, J the drawing will "take-plabeon the appointed day. ' ' ^Further particulars (says the AGE) oorctrnlng the" aDwed Imposition praniaed with r^ard to a - gold padal, value JE10." preseLted to Sergeant Fagan. drill yietfUrtor tcI tbeffiioe, by tte KaUonal'AgrienLural Bodety at their last year'e show, prove that the society are clear of blame in the matter, and ham been "themselves deceived. Immediately on the fact being brought under Iheir notioe that a gold medal, believed to be genuine, was found to be alloyed with coppsr, andubt wrath bnoihalf-the -nomIiixJ vaue,-i seating of the society was .tailed, and the secretary dueeted to obtain epedmens if aU medals issuing tem-the -society-from the commencement. with a view to their being tested. Some time ago (he edoiety had its medils made at the Mint but recentlv Messrs Blokes, and Martin havo hadrthis mrk.'«ad they iMnnfKtnred the medal in question, tie society enppMng their own die _We JaTO been shown by Mr i-ennou. president of the Agricultural Booietv Messrs Stokes ^and- Martin's KlSpted lUotS ff; -610, for -".one gold medal, with cLsp." dated-Sod Ikbrnary. 1879. It now remains for Messrs Stakes andMartln to offer their explanation. . ' . 1 W« (EATT CKARTOM TRIHAE) rtcenilv paid a vi the Wet Oharlton dUtdct, ihera Sot^mte tte iLOitpait. lna forward state, fcut the farmEr-has the wen- worntriee,« mere rain and teas rabtdla." The ory fur rain is,indeed a v«lid one, feral though the crimehave perhaps atoraeent rafflcientmoisture, there -can berio d jubt that tbe genial powers haven^tjet Jallen In snfficiect aaantlty. to pgue the grower of ojm, whne for other purposes Ihe rains have been merely of no effect,as all-the tanks and d*ms*is com. JjraUvely empty, and will need a heavy downpour en they meet the r.qiiimmeiita. 