CHRISTIAN RELIGION AT ST. PETER'S COLLEGIATE SCHOOL. j TO THE J5DITOB. Sir— Although I think we have had quite enough lately of religious discussion, yet I cannot refrain from answering one portion of Mr. Hughes's letter of the 2nd. I say one por tion only, because the rest of ^the letter is so obviously weak that it is undeserving of notice. We Englishmen don't want objections without reasons, or bare statements, however boldy asserted, without proof. In the late Eloum controversy the writers on the Low Church side would not admit of any sort of absolution in the Book of Common Prayer — they shut their eyes to the Prayer Book ; but Mr. Hughes has gone as far to admit a certain sort of absolution, although he en deavors to explain it away, and it is to this point I would direct your attention. Mr. HugheB says — *' Private auricular confession has no place in the Prayer-Book except iu the ' Visitation of the Sick,' and in that case the priest, after hearing the sick person's confession and pronouncing absolution, has to pray to God to forgive the penitent,' arguing from this that the priest professes no power by virtue of his office to forgive the sins of the penitent. I think people who are not quite blinded with prejudice will admit that the Church of England recognises the fact that the Holy Ghost is given through men as the instruments of God. One reference to the ordination of Bishops will ba sufficient to show this. The words of consecra tion read:—' Receive the Holy Ghost . . . and remember that thou stir up the grace of God which is given thee by this imposition of our hands.' Language cannot express niore strongly than this the fact that the Church of England teaches that the Holy Ghost is given to men by human meanB. This is the first point. Now we turn to the ordination to the priesthood. 1'he Bishop having laid his hands on the head of the deacon, and thereby conveyed to him the Holy Ghost for his special needs, commissions him to exercise it in three distinct functions : — (1) ' Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained,' i.e., the power of absolution; (2) ' and be thou a, faithful dispenser of the Word of God,' iu teaching ; (3 ) ' and of His holy sacraments,' in administering them. The present enquiry directs our atten tion to one. only of these functions, namely, absolution, and especially to the form of abso lution in the *' Visitation of the Sick.' This absolution commences with the assertion that *? Our Lord Jesus Christ hath left power to His Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him.' The Church thus proclaims that Jesus Christ being rightly endued with plenary authority to forgive, exercises this power by His chosen depu ties the bishops and priests of His Church, and that His absolution is limited to true penitents. Accordingly the priest craves in the optative mood the absolution from Christ, ' Our Lord Jesus Christ ... of His great mercy for give thee thine offences,' that is by confirming what I do on earth, and forgiving by my minis try. He then proceeds to the indicative part of the absolution : ' And by His authority com mitted to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' The pardon is ministe rially conveyed, after the priest has heard the penitent's confession, and ascertained if pardon may be safely dispensed. That the Church of England does sot consider this absolution simply declaratory is proved by tiiis fact— that at the Savoy Conference the Presbyterians objected to thai words ' I absolve thee,' and requested that the words should be declaratory, thus, ' I pronounce thee absolved.' The bishops replied, 'The form of absolution in the Liturgy is more agreeable to the Scriptures than that which they (the Presbyterians) desire, it being said in St. John xx. * Whose sins you remit, they are remitted,' not whose sins you pronounce remitted.' The stubborn faet that the old term and form of absolution, which has been preserved in spite of strong opposition at every revision of the Prayer-Book, still remains in the present book, is sufficient to show that the absolution is not merely declaratory!; and in justice to honest but mistaken Nonconformists they have tried hard enough at every revision to make it such. This is my second point. It is sufficient answer to the main objection to answer that the Collect stood in the same position as it now stands in the old Salisbury office, for none can doubt that when that office was in use the absolution was held to convey remission of sin. As a matter of fact, the Collect is the original absolution, which has been given to dying penitents for more than thirteen hundred years in the Western Churches. The prayer of David for the remission of sins surely implies no kind of distrust in the efficacy of Nathan's declaratory absolution which pre ceded it. It need not even imply any doubt as to the sincerity and sufficiency and acceptance of his own contrition. What it does imply is the necessity of deepening his sorrow for forgiven sin, as an indispensable condition of the renewal and growth of the spiritual life so grievously wounded. 'Amplius lava me a peccato meo' — ' Wash me more and more from my wickedness.' Then again, we have in the exhortation before Commission in the Book of Common Prayer — 'If there be any of you who by this means cannot quiet his own conscience herein, but re quireth comfort or counsel, let him come to me' (the parish priest) ?* or to some other dis creet and learned minister of God's Word, that by the ministry of God's Word he may receive the benefit of absolution, together with ghostly counsel and advice,1' &c.; The Confession is to be oral or auricular, and private, and with the express object of receiving *' the benefit of absolution,' together with ' ghostly counsel and advice.' I ask any man of ordinary ability and common sense, on the strength of this quotation, to deny, if he can, that the Prayer Book teaches 'private auricular confession;' and that, too, with a view of absolution, carrying out in this die strong teaching of St. Paul in 2 Cor. v. 19-20. Thus we find that ' the Church to which we owe allegiance is, on this point, as on all others, entirely of one mind with Holy Scripture and primitive Catholic usage;' and if any [further proof of this is required I refer with confidence to a whole catena of Church of England divines since the Reformation— ('Catenae of Extracts from Anglican Divines; Cambridge edition, 1835; edited by Professor Scholefield).'— I am,&c;, ARTHUR E. SMYTH. Norwood, August 4. 