^rigiwal 8*fe. THE ADVENTURES OP BAR NEY McEASY. Related by Himself. (Continued from our last.) Chapter II. After tay, I visited me new quarters, and faix the place was awful dirty. I found an auld broom and I swept it ont ; then made me bed, composed of an auld stretcher and two dirty auld blankets that had seen hetter days. I was so busy that I hadn't noticed some odd looking garments dangling from a cor ner of me establishment. ' What's here,' says I tomeself, taking a hoult of them — ' a red coat, trousers, and hat ^bedad.' Sure this must be the livery I'm to go out in. I'll be afther thrying them on. Och, haran, theread-le to \ng for the Hkes of me ! I'll be afther stuffing nteseif with rags to fill them out, and in the m;4ne^me Til be get ting ftt with good living When I get up in theinonriiiv. I «ee i What they require. Whaljk-ifcicky thing it was I diskevered it before going to bed, sure I would have recaved a great fright, indeed, I thought it was the ghost of me great grandfather. I was disturbed wanst in the night wid a loud noise in the stable, I didn't thrneble to go an' see what it was for ; I was sure it was the horses saluting ache other, something like me father used to do when a great friend and himself met at. Donnybrook Eair — crock went the shillalah on the pate of Dan O' Tool, crack went O' Tool's big Stick, and down went me father; a drop of; the crathnr was taken afther that. I . rose early and examined me regi mentals ; I stretched me auld trousers inside, they were fall of holes, but as they wonldn't be seen it was no maiher, the hat came down over me eyes and I fixed two crossticks inside to kape it up ; the coat hung rather loose on me badly fed body, but as I hoped to soon fill it ouL it was no mather. I next we nt on a visit to me nags ; ave coorse I.kept on me livery, hoping (hev would receive me civily. Och, when I opened the door an bwM sight presented itself, the work Ibad;claning the brntes was all for nothing, they were in an awful mess, covered complately with mud, and her ladyship going ont for a drive this very morning. ^Ochl what's to be done. I'lljgo at wanst and fell what's happened io Ms££ 'e, may be she'll be able to tell me what to do.' '.' I've come to ask yer advice about what's puzzled me intirely.' 'Gnir* save us, mon, yer a maist ?wfa' guv, its far teo big for ye.' ' I know,' says I,' ' but I've stuffed mew*?.' ' Ye '11 have to rfuff yerself oot to fill tlem,' 'Ocb; Maegie, ye'H have to feed me well, it will be the most convenient way of doing it' . *, The horses have been rooting in the night, and they're all over mud, what amltsvdo?' ' What noo, mon, yer made o' troubles. Are ye ouch a great gowk aboot yer wark that ye have to come to; me fo.teN ye what to do? hoot, mon, are re no acquainted with yer own, wark ; go, mon, and iak the currycomb and gie them a good combing- mftjuse the brush weel.' ' The curryeonj|»,' HBys I, ' what's that.*' ' Mon, yer prawn waur and wur, yer beilha gowk »nd a fnle, did ye i o pee & short hjwdled thing wi' sma' teeth ^beside *hc horse brash.' 11 Bsitb, an' I did, finre I thought it w«s an instrument to clane the far of horses tongues ' ' Loeh, mon, war ye so great a fiiV, an' ve told me that ye war a coschm^n of abilirv.' ' So I am, we don't use such a qiiar looking tool in mv countbry, for ye sep, Doran, I had to kapeiup me dignity as coachman, or all me great hopes might have exploded at wanst.'' M Weel, weel, I c- an «' mak' ye oot, (hey must hare been all fuVs wh r ye cam fra, .Iken.'' u Sure, au' they're *11 wise men where f was born. Sure it takes a wise man to make a fool. Thank :ye. Maggie, for yer advice and yer good opinion of me,' 1*11 mend in time ;' nnd flisv I went to work on the 'on?-leejrccl baste, but he fleared me to 'come near him, he set a most awfal face at me,.and when I w«-n- to I i* head, he opened b's grent mouth i«idy iq^i&filnw; the queer tool that was ♦o be biff tlest friend Finding it was fl ng«roufi fo go near bisuily head, I «*nt to 4iw tail and jmc reception wan \- quat to 4he last attettjpi; to^drive me off. O«h, he let drive with^oth legs. Arrah, me jiwel, «ays I, J»Tl be afther ttflping v« ii the raleanld f8B'iioqab!|e^Bt|i&» if ? «? refine, tb resavgi yer master ^peg&* My. I'll thry a.tip of the shina'ah:^ yer pate, me hinnev. Whack, whack, whack, I sent from his head to his tail, gave him a rale good warning. I soon tamed him, and oh what a swate coun tenance he put on afther that, it would have charmed the heart oi a bioomstick. I began operations witb the curious article, I forget wbat Maggie called it, but no matter, it fetched off dirt, hair, scurf, and all io a jiffy, faith £ began to see it waa a fine invention and worthy of a patent, the brush coming afther it made their coal? sbine. I'd just finished when who should apppear but her lady ship. ' The top of the morning to ye,9 says I.' ' Well, you lazy lout have ye no got the horses in yet and me ready, what's the reason of this horrit-Ie delay.' ' Sure, your ladyship, I had to clane them over agsin^.they had rou'ed during the night and dirtied themselves, I'll have them in the coach in a jiffy.' * Til give you ten minutes,' says she, ♦and if your'e not ready then I'll horse whip you.1 *Very well,' says I, 'but I hope to disappoint ye in that respect entirely.' I got the horse3 in quick, and away I went to the kifeben, *. Maggie, I want a bit of something to ..ate (o put in me pocket,, the auld crone wont get me any breakfast, and she gave me some bread an! mate, and returned. Her ladyship an' me both came to the lumbering auld coach at the same moment. I saw that she had a heaw whip and looked like the long-legged horse when I wanted to clane him, it was by no inanes a swate countenance. * Where have yon been,' says she, for she'd seen me returning from ihe kit cben, 1 To see the time,' says I,.? and there's a minute to spare ' 1 A lucky job for you, for 1 wouldn't have spared, you. Now, you listen to my orders,' says she, ' first of all you are to drive me down to the ge^ide.' 4 With pleamre,' says I, « but I don't know in what direction the say lies in these parts.' 4 Very well, you are as great a block head as the fellon' I had last, but I'll teach you with ihe least possible trouble to myself, open that box under yei feet and hand me 1 hem three ropes, look alive, now.' I did as I was touid ave coorse ' Kow,' says she, * put the noo^e -f that rope over yer head and give me the other end.' 4 Surely ye don't mane to hane me bekase 1 don know me way to the say.' * Do as I bid you and don't ask any questions. I'll not go to the extreme point of the law, unless yon provoke me, now put the other two ropes on yer wrists and give me the ends ; now we're ready. When I pull the left cord, you are to go to the left, when I pull the right you are to turn to the rigVir, when you are to stop, I'll Pnll the cord round rour neck, now go on.' I drove straight on till we came to three roads, when I got a severe tug on the left arm pulling me arm round like the yardarm of a sh'*p swinging in a storm, I had to turn to the extreme left. About a mile further on, came to another road, I again received a hard tug on the right arm.' « Now then,' says herjadyship, ' drive right on to the sea. I suppose you know when yon see the sea.' * Yes,' says I, 'it'll be. the biggest wather in the world, I rf member it, me grandmother wanst took me to the say, and I had a ducking in it and got a mouthful of salt wather, and I was gla-] wnen l got out of it, yer ladyship.' * Go on,' says she. verv crossly. All went on smoo'hlv till I drove fair into the say, when all at once I felj^a sudden jerk at me neck, a choking sen sation, and over I went, backwards, roe head alightih? plump in her ladyship's lap ; the slackening of the cord, relared me of the choking. Taie ard ages. what a position to be in, I'll never for get it the longest day I live. * Mount yer Iwx you great, hog, or i'M lay the whip over you, quick, before we're all drowned, turn tbe horses heads to land.' * In a minute,' says I.' They were beginning- to swim bv this time, and the big lumbering au'd ? co^ch was bumping and swinging- aHnnt like a ship in distress, there wan no fear of its upsetting, faith it was .'8 wide a« a Dutch Man of War, and I waR rale astonished that it wan watertight. Tt was a lucky thins I kept a firm boultto the reins when I fell over, or we. mai have started on our vay to auld Ire'and. I managed to land the con««rn safely, the horses looking like drowned rats ' * Now,' says she, * if you had ob»v«d my orders you wou'd'nt have been punished.' 'bure, an' ye tou?d me to ^rire into the say, an' I waited for ver orde-s to Stop.' * Could'nt you see that you were going on -too -for, -you -senseless fel'ow. you might-have drowned us all.' 'Sure I'd -as -lave -be di owned as hunsr.' 1 You ape,' says she, * vrn-- miserable life is of no value, I'm thinking of my self ' You'll- not be an grv for me telling ye that life is as 'swate to meself as -yours is to you, and I'm tould ;we«hou1d have respeet of persons, yer traiting me like a dog.' * Hold yer tongue vou prating foo « r I'll choke you again.' * At !.? coorse I will, I hope I've . not displased yer ladyship by spaking in me own defence, intirely.' * Will yon be s''ent,' says she, lifting the whip, ? and shut up.' ' Faith did'nt I shut up the box when I got out the topes.* ' I don't mean that, bat your ugly mag.' *Is it the mug bat was made a present to me when I was christened, by me auld maiden aunt ;and was tould to kape it in remembrance of her, the handle came off it one day when I was drinking hot tay, and it fell in me lap and scalded me awful, and if I havent the mug I'll always remember that.' * Yonr ugly mouth,' eaye she, ' do vou understand that.' ♦ Ave coorse I do,' says I, * but I. can't help me mou h if it doesn't plase yer, its as the great Creator made it, and sure me poor mother used to Bay I had the swatest mouth of any child in the auld bogs ; I used to scrame to the. fop of me voice till I got some sugur from the dear old crature.' ( Drive on, and don't annoy me any more.' ' To be sure I will,' and I just be thought of me bread and mate that : M-»g£ie gare me ; I was awful hungry by this time for the want of me break fast. I'd just got half of the morsel swallowed, when a fearful jeik at me neck, and a stifling sensation, rale hard to describe, the horrid cord was loosened as before, I was pulled over intirelv, and nearly standing on me head. I was awfnl sick, and parted with all the bread into the bottom of the coach. ' What have you been doing yon de mon.' I couldn't spake, her rage was awful, she thumped me with the butt end of the stick and I was powerless ; the blows came thick and. fast, and one awful blow on me head deprived me of me senses, and I knew no more until next morning when I found ineself in bed, me ' head was aching awfully, and a great cul on one eide of it. At that moment Maggie entered with a basin of gruel for me. (To be continued.) 