SPORTING NOTES. Br "Thk Wizakd." The autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club having been decided, afew re marks upon some of the events, more es pecially those which will have some bear- ing upon tne future, will not be out or place. Notwithstanding that the two- year- old running at our spring, New Year's Day, and autumn meetings should have the effect of rendering the A. J.C. Champagne Stakes a very one-sided affair, the reverse is generally the case, and this year was no exception to the rule, as there were no less than fifteen starters, the best of which proved to be Baronet, by Lord of Linne out of Miss Pits- ford. It is just thirteen years ago since I saw Miss Pitsford land in Sydney, with the repu tation of being the champion of Queensland, which she owed to her victories in that colony, as well as to the fact that she had beaten the celebrated Volunteer at weight for age in the far north. Unfortunately, she was injured soon after landing, and though she ran in Bylong's Metrop. of 1866, and also in a minor handicap won bv Beatrice, she was in no." form," and never showed to ad vantage. Ber career, like that of Sappho, Young Gulnare, and others at the stud, shows that breeders should always stick to " run ning blood." As to Stafford, she threw Challenger— not a bad performer — and wnen matea witn. x at tendon gave us Vixen (the Gold Cup winner of 1873), Syren, MasterM'Grath, and Dilemma ; and Hyperion and The Baronet, who are by Lord of Linne (sire of Loup Garou), prove that she can "nick" with almost any sire. Reverting back to the Champagne Stakes, it will be observed that Gipsy Cooper and Gainsborough were second and third, which running, so far as Baronet was concerned, proved to be correct, as the son of Miss Pitsford again beat them in the Breeders' Plate ; but Chesterfield threw a doubt upon the matter by finishing before the pair. As both of them ran very indifferently afterwards, I am inclined to think that the running was all Wrong, more especially when it is borne in mind that Nellie, who could not get a place in the Champagne Stakes, won the Sires' Produce Stakes from Chesterfield, Gipsy Cooper, Gainsborough, and eleven others. As if to confirm this idea, I find that Petrea, who also disgraced herself in the Champagne, won the Maiden Plate from Le Loup ; and that, on the third day, Avernus beat Baronet at even weights in the All-aged Stakes, but the defeat of the latter is attributed to the fact that he ran himself out in trying to cut down the speedy Olivia. Avemus ran. a very good colt throughout the meeting, as he won the Trial Stakes very cleverly ; and after being defeated by Success and Petrea in the Flying Handicap and Maiden Plate, he appropriated the All-aged Stakes ; and then, carrying top weight, had no difficulty in beat ing a hirge field in the Nursery Handicap. As there was so much in-and-out running amongst the two-year-olds, this will have the effect of rendering the Victoria Derby more than usually interesting, and backers will have a very difficult task to choose from Baronet, Avernus, Nellie, Petrea, South Hamilton, His Grace, and Mercury amongst the winning performers, and Chesterfield, Gipsy Cooper, Gainsborough, Maid of Honour, Geide Olgothach, Czar, Sunshine, and Baroness, amongst the beaten divi sion, and whose previous running gives promise J of future excellence. Thus the V.R.C. Derby of 1879 ought to be almost the feCst betting race of the meeting, and the double, Derby and Cup, a very popularone. As a rule, the three-year-olds generally occupy the most prominent position at the A. J.C. Autumn Meeting, but upon this occa sion Bosworth, the best horse of his year, had to play second fiddle to the four- year- olds, Chester, Savanaka, and Le Loup, and the two-year-olds, Avernus, Baronet, and ! The Pontiff, all of whom defeated him in ; the Sydney Cup or weight-for-age races. This reminds me that I must here make a few remarks upon the proposed alterations in the weight-for-age scale, which, since Fishhook won the Queen's Plate at Rand- wick, has been altered several times. 01 ! late the principal grievance has been the hardship inflicted on the four-year-olds, but the malcontents forget that during the past few years horses of that age have been knocked out through accidents in training aud other causes, and, consequently, have not had a fair show. However, I need go no farther back, than Robinson Crusoe to show that a four-year-old must not be despised at any distance, as witness his defeat of Savanaka in the Royal Park Stakes, the respective weights being 9st and 7st lib ; i and had all gone well with Newminster, I there, is. now no doubt bat that he would ! Kave defeated any threeryefurpld in the laud : at weight for age. In Mr. Scan's weigh t- for-age tahle, he propqse8 thkfc at a mile and : and a 'half four-year-olds Bhoutd earry 8sfc ; 181b,and three-year -olds 8st lib ; and after Chester s running in toe Autumn Stakes, ! th 30riri favourv6f toe2 younger horSfe, I ! should' like to see the three-year-old" that eould beat Mm at the weights. As regards ; two miles, Mr. Scarr proposes that the four- year-oldk should carry 8st 131b, and the threes 8st lib ; but in toe Sydney Cup, Chester '4 yrs, fist 51b) had ho 'diffi- i culfy in beating Bos worth (7st 121b), WeL i liagfcon <8st 21b), Whisker (7st), and other \ tore&ycSr-; olds whose weights ran down to 6st' Thekame result fol- lhv'fi 'the ChhiberlaBd- Stakes, and I rtoifik toere can be no doabt toout Bosworth £ . v -S J iiyi U U>.sS 1 mm& 'hy aolqU amwU and Wellington being the best horses of their year, so that with respect to the innovation in toe two miles, facts are all against Mr. Scarr's idea. Touching the three-miie races, tlie new proposition is that the fours should carry 8st 131b, ani the threes 7st 131b ; but the absurdity of this is manifest when it is remembered that Chester and Le Loup carried 9st 31b to Bos worth's 8st in the A. J.C. Plate, and he did not have the ghost of a chance with them. The defeat of Bos worth in the All-aged Stakes by Avernus, Baronet, and The Pontiff, is also an argu ment against the alterations as regards the two and three year olds. Of course, it may be said that, as regards Chester, he is an ex ceptional four-year-old, but it must not be for gotten that his year is also represented by such horses as First King, Swiveller, Woodlands, Cap a-pi«, and Le Loup, wlio seatn able to hold their own at the present scale, and I can see no reason whv concessions should be ma oe in their favour- W« have had brilliant horses at all ages, and I bops will always have, wherefore it is much to be desired that nothing like hasty legislation should take placs in connection wito the weight-for-age races. Ffftcen hcrsss came to toe post for the Cup, but there wera only four in it from | the jump, and the great little" horse, Savauftvfea, coming away from the mighty Chester ia Isev; 1G0 yards, beat him with something in baud at toe finish, the race bsing virtually the Australian Cup over again. The victory, like the one at our autumn meeting, was very unpopular, which is a subject of regret, as the public should never be chary of their applause when the best horse wins. The general public, how. ever, have sot forgotten the manner in which Savanaka and Bosworth (when the latter was in the same stable) have been managed, and still retain a vivid recollection of the scratching of Bas Worth and Savanaka at the last minute tor the Derby and Cup of listyeir; also the curious, to sr.v tie least of it, of forci Lcquouily acown by Sivaiiska, until be electriffed U3 by winning the Australian Cup ia a orator, the commission for which effjetad after all the other favourites hsd been backed to a large extent, and thus some o? thy bookmakers were compelled to lay a long price in order to protect themselves. Having thus alluded to the " popular view " of the question, it is only just that the other side of the picture should bb painted, a great deal in favour of which can be said. I will not touch upon the stereotyped remark about the public not paying expenses, etc., but simply draw attention to the horse's running in the Australian Cup. This race he won in a canter, and going to Sydney few horses did so well in their work as the game little son of Sappho. Morning afser morning he did great gallops with Tooal, and those who shut their eyes to his manifest improvement in condition since the Australian Cup was run. have only themselves to thank in the matter. Oa that running he was bound to be close to Bos worth, wherever the latter finished, and as Mr. Jellett's horse was said to have cog© little work, whilst the other was going like a steam engine, only one result could i>« ny. peotsd when the colours were up, aud stafcie money on." I stuck to Boswmh, Toc&I;, snd Caeater to the ecd of the chapter, so that it may ba said that lam playing t'r a "after game but, after rending the mo?:ui: ; gallops, aud observing the betting for dsj s previous to the race, I think that as far na the Sydney Gup is concerned, the owner of Savanaka is fiot descrviug cf the odium that h$2 been attempted to be oast upou him. Chester raa & gre&fc; horse, but- his defeat by Ssvsnaka would se? m to prove that the r must have won the Melbourne Cap of 1877 had he not been interfered with, es r-ti-i heavier weights in the Sydney Cap shoo-d have been all is favour cf Mr. White's bort,e. Bosworth straggled into third place, but his after running shows that he was not in his best condition, and as for the others who started, K C.B. aud Olivia were the only ones who were ever in it, and they were beaten off & quarter of a mile from heme. Chester easily appropriated all the weight- for- age races in which he started, and though the time for the three miles w&s; 6min, 40s<rc , it will be interesting to know i hat the last five far longs was run in lniiri, 336c., which is pretty emart going indeed. As regards the handicaps, I think everybody was glad to hear that Mr. Jelleit's patience and care with The Hook had been rewarded with a win in the Doncater ; and as Tocal ran a desperate race with 8st. 101b.f it is evident that this speedy son of The Barb will ba very daag sroua when his day arrives. After the Doncaster, the most important was the Gne called the City, and this fell to the speedy Falcon, by Kingston from Kestrel, by Misty Morn, and who ran the mile and a half ia some fractions over 2micu 4laec., which shows that the sen of Kestrel possesses a rare tarn of speed. The Free Handicap re sulted in a dead heat between The Arab and Viscous t, but the former won the run off, which must have been very gratifying to the Sydney geaeral public, with whom the " yellow and black" is deservedly very popular: %nd bad KC.B. been fortunate enough to have lauded the Cup, I am sure the victory would not have been a ' cheer less one." The jumping raoes oail for no BpeGial comment, but upon looking through the various events, I was somewhat surprised to see that besides the Sy dney Cup there are oaly fouc handicaps open to horses of ail ages This seems hardly enough for a f jur days' meeting ; I ut at any rate if the com mittee do not increase toe number of. handi caps in which moderate horses can contend, they ought to increase the value of the prize, and thus give Viotorian owners some encou- raenaent no bring their moderates along with their cracks to Eudwiok. All accounts agree in stating that the handicapping, start' ing, and management was first class, but I am sorry- to hear that the attendance was not so large sis it should have been. Owners of horses will do well to remember that acceptances for the Glepeig Handicap, Handicap Hurdles and Handicap Steeple chase, which, events - are to he decided at Gaatqjfcon on Thursday, the 15th May, are j due on the 5th May. Entries for the other \ raoes on the programme are to close with the secretary, Mr. H. C. James, at 8 p.m. on j Wednesday, the 14th May. ! It would be as well, also, to state that 1 acceptances for the Handicap Hurdle R&ce;, ' ' . » / a "L > v W S - G . a -ii a- <\- - - Steeplechase, and Coleraine Handicap, which come off at the Great Western Steeplechase Annual Meeting on the 24th May, are due to the secretary, Mr, Henry Wells, on the 7ch May. Mr. W. P. Neai, the energetic secretary of the Bendigo Jockey Club, courteously informs me that at a me sting of the com mittee of that club, it was resolved that the programme for the Winter Steeplechase I At opting should be a Handicap Hurdle Race of 75 eovs,, Handicap Fiat R»cs of 50 sovs,, S£e©plechass of 100 sovs., Time Handicap Trot of 40 sovs., and a Selling Fiat Race of 40 sovs. The hon. sec, was also requested to call another meeting of the committee as soon as possible, in order that the programme might be confirmed and duly advertised. The two-year- old colt Mercury returned cn Wednesday to Melbourne from Adelaide by the steamship Victorian. The well-known racehorse Banter, who w-a the Adelaide Cup on Easter Tuesday, has changed hands again, having been pur chased by Mr, M 'Donald for 310 guineas, I hear that he will go into Saviile'e stable, and will probably be entered fcr the Mei bourne Cue. TheGippsland Mercury 3ia'.€sbhat-, at are cent meeting of sportsmen, at the Criterion hotel (Mr. J. W. Simmons in the chair), it was decided — "That this meeting request the secretary of the Sale Turf Ciuo to convene a meeting of toe club for the purpose cf taking the initiatory steps to promote a winter stcepiecka&e; meeting under the ansplcies of the Sale Tnrf Club, and those present pro mise to nee their best endeavours to make it 8acoe8s," Incidentally it was mentioned that five amateur riders were contemplating having a private steeplechase for a sweep stake of L5 each, but if the proposed meeting were carried out, they would, in all proba bility, make the event one of thosa to be contested on the occasion. Several gentle- men promised to render every assistance, pecuniarily and otherwise, and some were sanguine enough to believe that between L200 and L309 could be collected for the purpose ; and a deputation having been ap pointed to wait on the secretary of the Sale Turf Club and acquaint him with all matters connected with the meetmg, the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The annual sale of yearlings under the management of Mr. Clibborn took place on Thursday last, when better prices were realised than at the sale on the previous Tuesday. Upwards of fifty lots were dis posed of, but I shall give only those which brought a " century," or were sold to Vic torian sportsmen. Mr. Prince purchased a brown colt by Yattendon out of Petrel for 130 guineas, and then Mr. De Mestre gave 250 guineas for the well-bred colt by Yat tendon from Gossamer (imp. ). The bay colt by Yattendon from First Lady fell to Mr. Smith for 175 guineas, and Mr. Inglis had a bargain in giving only 150 guineas for the bay colt by Yattendon from Hebe, (the dam of Loup Garou and Nea). Silver Bell (fall sister to Chester, Roodee, and St. George) fell to Mr. Smith for 950 guineas, and the same gentleman also purchased the full sister to liabena and Gainsborough for 600 guineas. Messrs. Osborne and De Mestre gave 100 guineas each for two fillies out of My Fancy and Thyra, and Mr. Frank Reynolds started very well, as Mr S. Martin gave 520 guineas ! for Trevallyn, by Gemma di Vergy fiom Chevalier's dam. Mr Prince gave 170 guineas guineas for Hilarious, by Goldsbrough out of Maritana, and the Hon. J. White 105 guineas for Dunedin, by Kelpie out of Biink Bonnie. Woolbroker fell to Mr. Payne for 115 guineas, and Mr. W. E. Dakin secured Despot, by Goldsbrough out of The Thorn, for only 85 guineas. Mr. Jellett was not to be stalled off in his liking for the brown filly Janette, by Goldsbrough out of Brown Duchess (the dam of K.C.B.), for which he gave 360 guineas ; and Mr. Webb then purchased a brown colt by Maribyrnong out of Frivolity for 115 guineas, Mr. M'Evoy paying twice that amount for a brown colt by Maribyrnong out of Gipsy. A brown filly by Javelin from Queen Bee fell to Cap tain Osborne for 100 guineas ; brown colt by Maribyrnong from Paradise, to Mr. Ander- . son, for 145 guineas ; chesnut colt by Kelpie from Satanella, Mr. Lamond, 100 guineas ; brown colt by Old England from Storinbird, Mr. S. Cook, 50 guineas ; a brown filly by Old England, Mr. J. J. Miller, 40 guineas ; and Beaufort, by Hawthornden from Devo tion, to Mr. E. Jellett for 95 guineas. Mr. Webb, the owner of Cruiser, purchased Cara Mia, by Hawthornden out of Cameo (the dam of Sussex), for 150 guineas ; and the last sold was Puff, by Hawthornden out of Zephyr, who fell to Mr. Wilson's nod for 90 guineas. The sale, Which realised something like L 10, 000, was very well conducted, and Mr. Clibborn seems to have created a very favourable impression amongst the breeders of young stock by the completeness of his arrangements. The following items are condensed from the Sydney papers : — "A very numerously attended meeting of the members of Tat- tersali's Club was held on Monday evening last, at Tattersall's hotel, Mr. J. B. Oliffe in the chair, to consider the objectionable expressions used by Mr. Driver at a previous meeting, and calling upon that gentleman to withdraw the words complained of. Mr, Driver being present, said he was very sorry indeed to have used such expressions, but he had taken the rejection of Mr. George Curtis so keenly to heart that he hardly knew what he was really saying. He hoped that the members would be satisfied with the ex planation, and having withdrawn the expres sions absolutely, sat down amidst deafening cheers. The committee and members then asked Mr. Driver to consider and withdraw his resignation, which he did, and the meet ing terminated satisfactorily on all sides. — A complimentary banquet was given on Thurs day evening to the late highly- resneoted host of Tattersall's hotel, when a select party of the members of the club met to do him honour. The president, Mr. R. Driver, oc cupied the chair, the vice being filled by Mr. 'Edward Lee. The dinner was cold, and well got- up by til© present landlord, Mr, G. Adams; and every justice having been done to the good things, < The Queen,' 'The Prince of Wal is,' ai_d ' The Lieutenant-Go vernor ' were enthusiastically toasted. The ! vice-chairn an t ien proposed the health of 4? Hercules Rolpngi iu veryfeelingterma ' ' " ' t I T wmmmmmmmrnrnrnr and this toast haying been drunk amidgreftt cheering, the chairman gave the toast or the evening, paying some well-merited compli ments to Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien. The guest, who was visibly affected, feelingly returned thanks ; and then ' The Press ' and The Ladies ' wound up a very pleasant reunion." At the Bowna annual races on Easter Mon day, the principal event, the Bowna Handi cap, one mile and a half, was won by Kil-- dare (/st 81b), Phillis (7st 71b) second, -and Bonnie Rose (7st 101b) third. Jack the Rat, Grey Dawn, Hurricane, and Orpheus ate started. Kildare won the Flying Handicap, one mile, easily from Grey Dawn ; and Bonnie Bee easily defeated Orpheus for the i Champagne Stakes. The last race was the Consolation Stakes, which fell to Phillis, with Bonnie Rose second, but, unfortunately, the local paper, from which I condense the foregoing, has neglected to publish the weights carried in the minor handicaps. - The settling over the A.J.C. Autumh Meeting took place at Tattersall's, Sydney, on Monday evening, when Mr. Richard Driver occupied the chair. ' The following is the list of winners Mr. H. Power, LI, 170- Mr. . Donnelly, L963; Mr. Jellett, L890 Hon. J . White, L586 ; Mr. Edwards, L566 Mr. De Mestre, L381 4s. ; Mr. Smith, L248 Mr. Frieman, L294 ; Dr. Cortis, L206 ; Mr! Seymour, L190 ; Mr. A. Loder, L164 : Mr Tait, L120; Mr. L. Walker, L120 ; Mr. Went- worth, L118 ; Mr. Burton, L100 ; Mr. Fen- nelly, L64 2s. ; making, with several others, a total of L6,987. Champagne was after wards ordered in by Messrs. H. Power Edward Lee, and G. Donnelly, and the usual toasts followed. I am glad to hear from a correspondent that the committee of the Warrnambbol Racing Club have decided that the Warr- nambool Winter Steeplechase Meeting shall take place on the 18th and 20th June—a date which will suit both the convenience of owners of horses and the sporting commmfitv The nearest meeting to it is Bendigo. on the 11th Jnne ; but as Warrnambool does nofc come on imtil seven days afterwards, ownere of horses will thus be able to patronise both meetings, and I hope other countrv riJZ clubs will see that they do not clash with the Western District meeting, andthusrnili- tate against the success of both. The twh principal events at Warrnambool will he vl- Grand National Steeplechase oflQ ZaI Handicap Hurdle Race of L150, XrL£ prizes of sufficient value to attract the best jumping horses in the colony. Few places possess such a natural steeplechase comae as Warrnambool, and its Grand National ought to stand in the same position in this coW as the Liverpool does in the old country ft is to be hoped, however, that the stewards wiU defer the publication of the handicaps until after the Bendigo meeting, as tEe gentleman who will be entrusted with the making of them will then be more likely to give satisfaction to owners, and thus l4er fields will in all probability come to the pi colt Friday (own brother to Bobinson Crusoe) and the ohemut filly Sylvan (sisterto Golds brough) to Mr. j. S. Smith, for the satief. tory price of 1,000 guineas each. They wer© submitted for competition at Mr. Clibborn'!! sale on Thursday last, but neither of tW reached the reserve of 1,000 guineas pla«3 upon them by their then owner M?T? Wentworth, of Greystanes, but which ha since been given by Mr. Smith. Tom Browm the well-known jockey, trains for that gentleman, and with full sisters to Chester Habena, and Goldsbrough, a brother to Robinson Crusoe, and half-brother to Sava. naka, he ought to show a bold front in to© youngsters races next season. Some time ago a great deal of surprise was cans©? 1 ur an average of 1,000 guineas each, and many were the pre- dictions indulged in that such prices wouS never be obtained again in the colonies, ft is, however, worthy of notice that the five yearlmgs above mentioned cost Mr. Smith exactly 5,000 guineas, and I hope that gentle man will have no reason to regret giving mvJk long prioes. & 6 U" Returns of the first day's racing at fttl, ranald have been received. The principal event the Balranald Handicap, seems to have been a surprise, as it terminated in & victory for The Nigger, who carried Bst 41K Coquette (iOst lib) being second, andColnml bine third. Coquette ran a great mare con. sidenng her weight, and appears to be very hard to beat in the country, no matter what weight may be imposed on her by the ban. dicapper. After trying for a long time, Black Prince has at last succeeded in win! ning a race, as he beat Columbine and Happv Jack in the Ladies' Purse ; but as it Was comparatively of small value, it will hardly recoup his owner for the expense he has ' gone to in taking him so far up the country. Mr. F. Williams's stud of horses, with the exception of Torpedo, by Fireworks from Gildermire, who was passed in at 70 guineas, was disposed of by Messrs. Stratford StretSe and Cto. on Tuesday last, but the mien realised for them cannot be considered verv satisfactory. Tickleman, by Telegraph frai Don Jmms aster, was purchased by Mn Synottfora Warrego constituent for onlvSK guinea; and Bill Sykes, by Oliver TfeS from Azema (imp.), fell to Mr. MooneVfS 40 1 guineas. Mr. Baldoek gave 28 ginneM for Union, by Morns Dance?; and tfietw£ yeanold-colt by Patriarch out of Lottfcwi to Mr. Parker for 11 guineas. enei . entries and acceptances tor © £ wSh,pal handioaps to be Sfi & Sellina\? e.n Pte there are seven; belling Race, nine ; and Ponv Race. aSSS5 bw th6 njit I ® efforts of the handicapped WvS i? S!teeu have accepted for toe Handicap, seven out of nine for the rale Race, and twelve out of sixteen for toe Wernbee Park Handicap, which testifies beyond the shadow of a doubt that the. owners are very well satiyified with the weights allotted them. The meeting will fee - fieoided on Saturday next, and as hreuQ counter attractions, there oughkfebpjj -J. - - -'-v fi attendance from Melbourne and t)>p , jBurroundiiig districts. Some of the horses lately purchased In Sydney have already changed hands, as Mr, i B. Weeks, who purchased Viscount for L125 has re-sold him to a Queensland gentlema tor 200 guineas. One of the cheapest bar fed? iiir sale was a splendid- looking filly by Goldsbrough out of Brown iJnehess whowas secured by Mr. Eii Jel- 'i2LX guineas; but as he could not' feting the filly to Melbourne along with his i other horses, he reluctantly sold her to a lntleman, who was supposed to be buying for the Hon. J. White, for 400 guineas. S . i-ne Kandwict races being over, our sport- +v are making their way hack 1 Melbourne, both overland and by sea, but -la large number still remain behind for the purpose of "assisting" at the Goulburn, -JSatnurst, and Maiiland meetings. The steamship City of Adelaide arrived on Thurs day, and, in addition to a large number of . passengers, had on board Richmond, Bos- WHjGh, The Hopk, two yearlings latelv nur- caased by Mr. H. Haines, Fau Bias, and toother in charge of Foulsbam, and two horses, the property of Mr. E, Weeks. Tlie steamer had a very pleasant Voyage, and the tut68 landed in pital order. Mr. Wilson s h Savanaka, Tocal, Avernus, Petre South Hamilton, and four 3-xS arrived by the Barrabool on 'Thursday night, and were taken to Geelong bytrxu ou Friday morning. , , -t'he following is extracted from an Ade laide contemporary : — "The settling on the S.A.J.C. Autumn Meeting took place at Mr. Coates's office on Monday, 21st April, when the following amounts were handed over to the winners Flying Handicap— Mr, J E. "Savill's Wandering Jew, L89 ; Mr. R. B. Smith's Banter, L5. St. Leger Stakes— Mr. J. Paterson's Warlock, L205 ; Sir Thomas Elder's Vicoroy, L15. Handicap Hurdles— Mr. R. B. Smith's Vulcan, L7o; Mr. W. A. Filgate's Camel, L5. Two-year-old Stakes — Mr. C. E. M'Evoy's Mercury, L315 : Mr. Pile's FirstWater, LIS. S. A. J.C. Handicap— wr" t' >I'Evoy's Mountaineer, L1S0 ; Mr. J. Crozier,. jun.'s, Nina, LIO, Maidens —Mr. W. .Pile's FirstWater. 175 : Sir John Mbrphett's Brenda, 15. Selliuor Handicap -Mr. ,C. if. T, Hart's Orator, Lt>7. Ade laide Cup — Mr. il. B. Suut-Ivs Banter,- LS26 ; Sir T. Eiders Jrrto, 1100; Mr. C. E.' Timothy, 125. Handicap Steeple chase — 2ili. 0. -Aiken's Selector,. LI42 ; Mr. "C; R T-yaors Ligktfoot, L5. rFree Handi- " cap— -Mr. C. E. M'Evoy's Mercury, LoO. Corinthian Cup — Mr J. Paterson's Warlock, .u65 ; Mr. S. Ferry's Sarchedon, L5. — There were many anxious inquiries at the Globe on Monday for the missing bookmaker, whose debts must be something considerable. It appears that he had been ' plunging' for some time past, and overlaying his books, and thus came to grief — or. at least, his confiding clients, who are the real sufferers, have come to grief. It is said that he cashed a cheque tor LG00 on the day previous to his hurried departure ; and being asked how he would take it, replied, £ In gold,' sovereigns being a more easily convertible currency than notes when a man is making a hurried trip through foreign climes." Mr. Mish Solomons, the well-known book maker, notifies in our advertising columns that no one is authorised to lay wagers on his account. He is only responsible for business done by himself. The Goulburn races took place on Wednes day and Thursday last, when the weather was fine, but the attendance was not so large as was anticipated. The following are the results of the first day : — Hurdle Race — Peter Simple, 1 ; Glencairn. 2. Only two started, and Peter won easily. TheShorts — Lightning, 1 5 Falcon, 2 ; £ eirloom, 3. Lightning won easily. Helter Skelter — Clarionet, 1 ; Don Juan, 2 ; Matador, 3. Autumn Stakes — Rangatira Gst 121b), 1 ; Hubert (9st 31b), 2 ; Braid wood (Gst 101b), 3, A good race. Ladies' Mile— Hopeful, 1 ; Glencairn, 2 ; Miss Angler, 3. On the second day, Mr. Ivory's Macaroni won the Grand Stand Handicap, with Hubert, second and Free Lance tliird, the mile and a quarter being run in 2min. 1 Gsec. The City Handicap, one mile and a hklf, was won by Hubert (9st 31b), Ranga tira (Gst 121b) second, and Braidwood (Gst 101b) third, the time being 2min. 42|sec. Double-event books have been opened on the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup, 100 to.' l being the best price offered, except when one horse is taken for both races There is, however, very little doing. The settling over the late A.J.C. Autumn Meet ing will take place on Monday next 