BBNDIGO ADVERTISER {PUBLISHED DAIkY.) puckjukssion, nun hiohts, and oub aisocBosa. SANDHURST, SATURDAY. APL. 3, IST9. THE LAND REGULATIONS. Ti;e judgment given in the Supreme Court .on Monday ]ast respecting the rights of creditors to enforce their claims b}' process of law oil lands held under lease from the Crown by debtors will remove a great hard ship under which the free selectors have for .some time back labored. Now, notwithstanding Mr. Longmore's regulations to the contrary, leaseholders, who may require advances of money to assist them in carrying on their farming opei-atiuus. will have no great diffi culty in obtaining aid troni capitalists and monetary firms after the assuranco given by the decision of the Supreme Court—that the property of the leaseholder • is amenable for all his lawful obligations. According to the pleadings ill the important case which resulted in that decision, we find that John Ellison issued a writ of Ji. fa. for £005 against one Scarlett, who was at that time the lessee from the Crown of some land at Mologa. The land was advertised by the sheriff to be sold on tho 18th October at Eehuca, when it was knocked down to Mr. Samuel Amess for £350, and the money was paid over to tho sheriff. In the month of November Mr. Amess, who obtained a legal tiansferfrom tho sheriff, applied to the Registrar of Titles to liavo. tho land regis tered in his name, but that officer declined to do so on tho ground that the con ditions of the lease had not been complied with by tho lessee, Scarlett. These con ditions, divested of legal redundancy, state that a leaseholder cannot soil, assign, transfer, or sublet the land held under the lease until the Qoyernor, acting by the ad vice of the Executive Oouijcttj shall sanction the same. Summonses 'were therefore issued to the registrar to show cause why the transfer from the sheriff of the leasehold land to Mr. Amess should not be registered in the Land Titles Office. Mr. Webb, who appeared for tliG registrar argued that although the con ditions iu ilje lease might be ultra vires, yet as Scarlett, the ies^eo, accepted them, they must be looked on as binding gij both parties to the contract— the Grown and tfye lessee. .Mr, Worthin2ton; on behalf of his clients Messrs. Ellison and Amess, maintained that the condition in the lease applied only to voluntary transfers from the leaseholder, who would require the sanction of the Governor-in-Conneil. previously ob tained, and the registration also of the transfer in the lands office. But it could in no way apply to an in voluntary assignment made independent of Scarlett by operation of the law under a writ from the Supreme Court. " Sanction me out," said the learned gentleman, " the ratification by a superior of the act of an inferior. What ratification could the Governor-in-Council give to an act of the sheriff under, a writ of the court." It .will be seen at once that if the validity of Mr. Longmore's regulations was admitted in sucli a case as this, the Supreme Court itself would be brought under the heel of authority, if its writ for satisfying a judgment by the sale of property would be powerless in the hands of its chief executive officer without the sanction of the Governor, who could be only set in motion by his con stitutional adviser, Mr. Longmore- The Chief Justice remarked to Mr. Webb that if the lessee became insolvent, according io his contention, the estate could not pass to the official assignee without the assent of the Governor-in-Council. Mr. Webb apprehended it would not," which set his Honor wondering at the length this innovation 011 the Ill'st principles of justice went. The reserved judgment was given on the 31st March by the Chief Justice, with whom Sir. Justice Barry sat in the Banco Court. His Honor said the sum mons depended 011 the interpretation to be put on the conditions inserted in the lease to Scarlett by the Lands Depart ment. In the Land Act of 18G9—that under which this lease was issued—there is no discretionary power given the Governor in-Council such as that introduced in Mr. Longmore's regulation. However, as that covenant had been mutually accepted, it would be binding on the lessee as far as his voluntary action conld carry him. Had he sold the .land, or assigned it, or sub-let it, without the sanction of the Governor, the Act would rightfully involve the forfeiture of the lease, and the confiscation of his im provements. But in the present case Scarlett was not a voluntary agent, but most probably a very reluctant' participator in the action taken before the Supreme Court by Sir. Ellison. The land was not assigned by him, but by the sheriff of the colony, in execution of a writ issued by the Supreme Court of judicature. The condition of the lease—the sanction of the Governor—im plies a certain amount of discretion on the part of the Governor-m-Council. " To hold," said the Chief Justice, " that it ap plied to involuntary assignment by opera tions of the law would be to say the sanction of the Governor-in-Council was necessary to that which the law had already said slioul'd iio done." The summons was therefore declared absolute to compel the Registrar of Titles to register the transfer of the sheriff of this leasehold property to Mr. Amess in that gentleman's name. This judgment will be received with peculiar satisfaction by the farmers whose freedom of action and borrowing powers had been impaired by these irritating regulations. SurruiMUKT.—A supplement ia published" with this morning's issue. Arursted roil Pkrjujiy.—During the inquiry into the causa of the late fire in Williamson street, which was resumed at the Warden's Court before Mr. Strickland, J.P., on Thursday, a young man named Itichard Bowman was examined, an.l although warned to be Icareful what he said, positively swore that he was not in Sandhurst between the 2Sth January, and iutli March. It happened, however, that Mr. oliTile ¥^^cOni"ary,~ffoiil"'iliiexb3urnej'antl-at the Spencer-street Station he saw W. S. Best give something to Bowman, shake hands with him, and then the latter ■ got into the same carriage with Mr. Hesse and travelled with him to Sandhurst. The train on that night, in consequence of an accident on the line, did not arrive until about 1 a.m. on the 7th of February, and in the space of an hour afterwards the fire-bell rang out an alarm, and ou looking Mr. Hesse saw that the fire was in the direction of Back Creek. He did not go to it, but the next day he visited the spot and fonnd that it was the house owned by Boft that had been destroyed. Mr. Hesse lias identified the man Bowman as the one he saw shako hands with Best, and also travelled witli him and Mr. Fred. Delbridge to Sandhurst, and the latter geutleman has also identified the prisoner. The prisoner waa kept under strict surveillance all day yesterday, and having obtained a warrant last evening, Detectives Potter and Duncan arrested him :it tlio Niagara Hotel on a charge of having committed wilful ami corrupt perjury, anil he will make his appearance at the City Police Court this morning. Eight Hours' An.nivkhsahy.—Last evening a meeting of the building trades was held at the Until Hotel for the purpose of taking the initia tory steps fur holding a grand demonstration in celebration of the 22nd anniversary of the eight ljoura' movement. There were 10 gentlemen present, Mr, Collass was elected chairman, and Mr. Tate secretary p.ro /■■m. Mr. Crawford stated that he believed the eihibitifii) .com mittee intended communicating with the secret taries of the different eight hours' associations, and to invite their, to visit Sandhurst this year, especially as it had bem suggested at Ballarat, and the association there were endeavoring to get a special train at cheap fares to visit this city on the 21st instant. He would sug gest that they should write and see if mem bers from the other associations were in clined to come; if not, . that they should get up a demonstration on their own account. The chairman mentioned that the 21st instant had been proclaimed a public holiday by the Government, and as the present was the first Government that had adopted this course, they ought to get up a demonstration out of respect to the Government. He sug gesied that whatever funds they might have over after paying itll eypL-iisea, should be given to the Hospital and Benevolent Asyjuiii. .After a short discussion, it was decided that letters should be aent to nil the branches of tile Eight Hours' Association, inviting them to .Sandhurst on tlio 21st instant to celebrate tlui anniversary; and that the members for the district should be asked to use their influence in procuring special trains at cheap lares irom Ballarat, Melbourne, Echuca, ctc. The meeting then adjourned until eight o'clock on Monday evening, and an ad vertisement ill another column invites :uiners and others that are bemlited by or favorable to the eight licur^' movement to attend the meeting, when a committee'"will ije eject-id, and a programme of sports arranged, Pit es ENtati0X.—A pleasing ceremony took place yesterday at tiie (Jaarry Ilill State school, 1.1G5. when the sewing classes under .Miss Hartshorn's supervision, presented that young ladv with a very handsome volume, as a mark of ihoir osteuiii. .VfV, Watkius, on behalf of the pupil*, made the prosuuiauou with a iV.y suit able remarks. Miss Iiartahorn, in responding, thanked the classes very sincerely for their present, and said she hoped to still continue to merit their regard. Hares.—Since the introduction of hares into the colony they have propagated to an alarming extent in many districts, but amongst the vineyards and fruit orchards ou the Sheepwash and limn Creeks they have become a perfect nuisance, and a source of continual anuovance to the landholders. Mr. Craike. of the Beaumont Vineyard, informs us that out of a large number of youngfruit trees transplanted by him lately, fully To per cent, of them li.ive succumbed to the ravagss of these animals. They do not meddle with the larger trees, but nibble the bark oli' the yuniij; shoots, which, of course, then die. The destructive animals come right up to the homesteads, and nothing green is safe from their depredations. Fir.K at New.stead.—Our Melbourne corres pondent, writing last evening, says:—"'There seems to bo quit'.' a fatality just now amongst Hour mills. Whilst the ruins of Messrs. Cham berlaine and ICimptoirs mill in Brunswick-street; are still smoking, news reaches town to d.-.v of the total destruction of a similar establishment at Newstead, belonging to Messrs. ICyd and Mackie, with a large quantity of breadstutls, valued at something like £15.000. Dmmosd Dkill.—The Workmen con Ijected with thij dr:l| r.re at present engaged in raising the tijbing, 'preparatory to reinoyin;; the whole plant about JiO feet eastward oi the pre sent bore-hole, where a second bore-hole will be started. It is) expected 011 this aitu that, the j saddle of the main line of reef will be discovered, j and should the indication met with warrant it, ! the bore-iiolo will be continued to a rjre.it depth, as the core brought up by the drill at a depth of 320 "feet showed 3 feet of quartz, which is j considered to have crime from the Western leg of the reef. It is intended to line with tubing tile lirat '200 feet of grouud drilled. AllMITTIit' TO TItE B.VR.—Amongst the gentle men admitted to practice as barristers in the Supreme |Court yesterday morning (our Mel bourne correspondent, informs lis) was Mr. Alexander Grant M'Intyre, si-u of Mr. J. M'lutyre, M.L.A., ot Sandhurst. Although not :>;} years old, Mr. M'lutyre, it will be re membered, is already a barrister of the Inner Temple, having been called to the Euglish bar in November la.sfc. He is also a B. A. of Cam bridge, where he passed a first-class special. I understand that Mr. M'lutyre is the tirst native of the Bendigo district who has gained the dis tinction which has fallen to his lot, and the fact whilst it augurs well lor his future success, is also a gratifying evidence of the ability of the youth of Australia to come to the front in con tests where skill depends 011 the culture of the mind as well as in those where strength and activity aro concerned. As Mr, M'lutyre has not been in the colony long enough to entitle him to final admission, he was admitted until the end of next term. County Court.—In this court yesterday the greater part of the day was occupied in hearing tile case Fiek v. Coughlin, which was an action for the recovery of £121 10s., damages sustained through the trespass of defendant's cattle 011 plaintiff's land. It seems that in June last the plaintiff leased to one I'atrick Coughlin, 4(57 acres of land at Nerriug, but the lease was not to commence until the 1st January, 1S79, the plaintiff requiring the grass for his own cattle, but, in order to assist his tenant that was to be, agreed to let him on the laud to build houses, grub fence, etc. Coughlin, however, had to take a partner in the laud, one Martin Coughlin, the defendant, but Mr. Fiek stipulated lor only one person to be uamed in the lease, and also that they should be allowed to run a cow or two each, and horses between June and December. Patrick Coughlin carried out this agree ment, but -Martin was under the impression that tliey entered on the land for all purposes, ami had G3 lieaci of cattle feeding oil" the grass, which he refused to remove when requested, and henee the present action. The questions at issue raised by the defendant's counsel, Mr. Helm, were whether an action for trespass would lie, permission having been given to enter the laud, and as to damages, the plaintiff having charged 2s. per week for the G3 head of cattle from June to September; Is. 6d. per head for 33 from September to December, and £1S he had paid for grass for 20 head of his own cattle, which he had been oblig.d to remove. Mr. M'Dermott, fo'r the plamtilf. contended that the action was rightly brought, and His Honor Acting-Judge Leech agreed with him that no permission to enter the land had been given to Martin Coughlin, but to the lossee. On the question of damages Mr. W. P. Neal stated that Is. per head a week was a fair charge for depasturing cattle, and His Honor iu giving judgment for the plaintiff, assessed the damages at £62. The Exhibition.—There was not a very good attendance at the exhibition buildings yesterday afternoon, but in the evening the attendance was as large as usual. Several new and in teresting exhibits have arrived, amongst which is one from the Postmaster-General, consisting of a couple of Theiler and Sons' telegraphic in struments, which will be fitted up, one at each end of the largo hall. Arrangements have been made with Mr. 6. Matear, of the local telegraph office, to work the machines nightly. The arrangements will not be completed for some few days. The San Francisco photos have not been placed yet, but are being framed. A second electric-light apparatus has been re ceived from an amateur—Mr. George Hall, of Ballarat. Tn the colonial wiue trophy, a number of wiue bottles, all belonging to the one exhi bitor, have attracted particular notice—not for the excellence of their contents, but for the fact that the wiue is manifestly bad, and the bottles disgrace their neighbors. A stranger looking at these specimens of our wine-growing industry might go away with a very unfavorable impression concerning it. The bottles have been opened and examined, and they are said to con tain a mixture of wine and water, with an acid to fix the color. The adulterated exhibits should be at once removed. The traction and loco motive engines were working yesterday. A trial of Jordan's rock drill will be made this after noon, in the machinery yards, at four o'clock. A young ladies' committee has been started for arranging the exhibits of fancy work more taste fully, and several members of the committee were at work yesterday morning 011 this task with obviously good results. The ladies object to the glaring red cloth which covers the tables, and request that cloth of any other shade, green, if possible, be provided, as the red cloth spoils the effect of the fancy work. During the evenings Monaghan's Band played several selec tions, and other choice pieces of music, which were rendered in excellent Btyle. reiAie?;? Vnfi't' aOiiT«T"time' ago"^r."iyncfi, of the Rock o£ Casbel Hotel, Mundy-street, died, and his second daughter expired about the same time, and they were interred on the same day in the White Hills Cemetery. The eldest daughter, who was about 17 years of age, died this week, and was buried yesterday. Some friends on visiting the bereaved family found them in such destitute circumstances that they could not pay for a eotiin for the poor girl. Three gentle men interested themselves in the case, and gave up a day to obtaining subscriptions in order to defray the funeral expenses. Their appeal was responded to in tiie most kind and generous manner, and they desire through our columns to return their sincere thanks to those persons who contributed to the fund. They state that they never experienced a more cordial and liberal display of benevolence. They collected sufficient money to pay for the burial and to hand a small balance lo Mrs. Lynch, who is left with four children in a most impoverished state. The attention of the charitable is di rected to her sad caso. Land Tax Appeals. —The Land Tax Com missioners were engaged on Thursday hearing an appeal by Sir J. Milne Wilson and Messrs. John Degraves and C. P. Davis, trustees of Mrs. Louisa Hussell, against the classification c f 7,382 acres of land, comprising the Silesian Downs estate, in the county of Bendigo. Mr. Iverferd appeaved for the appellant; Mr. R. Walsh for the Crown. The estate was placed in the second class, and the appellants' witnesses staled that at (no time would it carry a sheep to the acre. After hairing the case the court reserved their decision. Tub I'RMENTATION TO THE Rr.V. Mk. FrruilK'n'.—The silver epergne kettle and cruet recently presented to the lier. W. H. Fitehett, B.A., W'esleyan Minister, on the occasion of Ills leaving Sandhurst to take charge of the Wesleyan Church at Hawthorn, is now on view in the window of Messrs. MotiiLt and Sohutzc, drapers, L'all Mall. Tin; Stock Tax,—A largely attended meeting of felhm.liters and t.ainmrs has l>een held in Melbourne to protest against the stock tax. It was stated at the meeting that last year l,077,7i>5 sheep were brought to the Melbourne market, while during the same period of this year there had been only 738,031 sheep brought in, showing a decrease of 339,701 sheep, say in seven months. It was calculated that GOO men had been thrown out of employment in connec tion y.'ith ititj t^id;: 0'A-jn;; t!i the operation of the tas, for out ot the 17 fellmongery yards which were in full work 13 months ago only seven were now kept constantly going. A peti tion for the removal of the tax is to be presented to tho Government, National Rekop.m League, Bf.kdigo.—The. secretary of the league has supplied us with the following :—"At a meeting of members of the above league, held last evening, the principal business transacted was the election of ofiiee beaivrs for the next six months, viz., president, viea-prc.iUttut.s, treasurer, secretary, and a cow n,ittey ;>; iwojvo. Complaint.—A correspondent writos to us complaining of the very great inconvenience ped tstrims and others having business in Vie'.v Point, are subjected to in passing near the Warden's Court, next to which a new building is being erected. Boards are laid across the footpath tVr the workmen engaged, and there are furUiur obstruction!! caused by the constant passage of men carrying bricks and mortar, whilst particles of dust, lime, etc., are con stantly living about. Our correspondent sug gests that a hoarding should bj erected, with a pathway around it, as is usually done when new buildings are being erected iu main streets. Easti:k Dramatic Season".—In our advertis ing columns the Sandhurst City Dramatic Club announce that a dramatic season of six nights will be given at the Royal Princ.iss Theatre during Kaster week, opening on Easter Monday even ing. A change of programme will be given every eveuiug. We are informed that the club .have been actively rehearsing the pieces in tended to be put on for some time past, and it is expected that their efforts will result success fully. A.O.F., B.U.D., Court Bkn'digo.—Drs. Atkinson anil Penfold, baring been elected sur geons to the above court, members are re quested to notify to the secretary, before the lOtb instant, which list they desire to be placed en. Juduk Bi;;do>".—During the sitting of tiiu County Court ye.st'-'rday his Honor Aetin^-jiid^e Lcsch stirsd that iie had just received, a ietter from his Honor .Judje B:nd<<n, and no do ibc his many friends would be gl.nl t<< learn thus he was inii>ri>vi:'.L; in health. " ilope he's im proving in every way," added Mr. M'Denuoit. Waui>::n'.s CoUIIT.—Mr. Warden Web;ter presided at the. above court yejterday. i'iiro-: ! Lase appiioatioiH were set down for hearing.', -J. Neeson, du bbhalr of tile ffibemia (jo!d Jiiuinj; Coir.pany, applied for a lease in High-street, Gttluen-srjtiare, wliioh was recommended by the warden, the htreet to be excised. Janv-H Hayes j made application for a lease at the third White ' Hill. Kecninmended, subject to the txeisioii of ; the gravel reserves, the track to be kept opnn. ! Ann Magee applied for a b-ase at tlie junction of ! liose and M'Kenzio streets, which was recjin- : mended by Mr. Webster. ! Death ov Mr. TV. Fone.—Our Inglewood correspondent says:—On Wednesday evening Mr. \V. Fone, the well-known manager of Fone " Company, Burke's Fiat, died. after a rather lengthy illness. Tile deceased h:ul been inti mately connected with mining matters of this district for the last 20 years. The funeral took place to-day, and wa3 largely attended. An' Aged Swan*.—Our travelling reporter says:—The other night an old pet, a black swan, caught when young, about 24 years ago, died on the liast Loddon station. For some months past the poor old bird had become too feeble to go about much, and was in the habit of sitting all day in the grass on the banks of the Serpen tine Creek. City Poltck Court.—At this Court yester day. the Mayor and Mr. Holdsworth presided. A mau named James Anderson was committed to the wards »f the Bendigo Hospital for lunacy, on the certificate of Drs. Boyd and Cruikshank. D. Kogau, for having more passengers in liis cab than lie was licensed to carry, was lined 7s. Gd.; and William Brady, for uot having his yard in a clean state, was lined os., and £1 Is. costs. A fine of 2s. Gd. was inflicted upon Thomas Rich, for having kept swine within -10 feet of his dwelling. James Boyd proceeded against D. Chrisholm to recover the sum of £17 for work and labor, and a verdict was given for the amount claimed. Mr. Motteram ap peared for the defence. Ax Eccentric Witnkss.— Daring the hear in i: of the charge against W. S. Best, for arson, yesterday, a witness for the defence, named Hewitt, gave several portions of his evidence in a most amusing manner. He stated that " he was known as Taffy Hewitt in .Melbourne, and was as well- known as Mount Maeednn." When cress-examined by Detective Duncan as to v.-ho paid his expenses for coming to Uie inquiry he gave an arch look at the detective and said, I will tell you ; it was this young gentleman," slowly producing a well tilled purse and holding it up for observation by those present. He also a.nid that oue of the witnesses in the ca^e, named Homewood, was a clever fellow—" so clever that ho could see through a brisk which was exhibited at Paddy's market." Perhaps Mr. Hewitt was not aware that this feat is very easy of performance, the mystery sur rounding it consisting merely of an optical de lusion. Concession to Jup.y.mkn.—At the conclusion of tile fire inquiry at the Warden's Court yester day, the foreman of tile jury, Air. P. M'Grath, applied to the coroner 011 behalf of his fellow jurymen, for exemption from serving on juries for the next twelve mouths, oivaccount of the protracted sitting they had juat concluded, and mure particularly because tliey were not paid for their services. .Mr. Strickland intimated tlmt he thought the application was a fair one, aiul he would instruct the police in regard to the matter. . ; . ' Indecent Language.—A well-known charac ter about the streets, known as the ''Turkey lolly man," was arrested yesterday, and lodged in the lock-up, for having used indecent lan guage in the public street. He gave the! name of Jones, and will be brought before the ibench at the City Pol'ce Court this morning.1 * i Sandhurst Easter Fair.—A meeting ;of the executive committee was held last night at the office in the Reserve. The tender of Hijllas's Band to perform during the fair was accepted, and it was resolved that a rehearsal of choir of State school children be held in St. James's, Hall (the use of which would has been kindly granted by Mr. \V. Heliernau) 011 Wednesday next, at 4 p.m. Hallas's Band have promised to attend at this rehearsal. A letter from Mr. G. Hobson, of the Sandhurst City Dramatic Club, offering use of wardrobe for amateur per formance, was road, and his offer accepted with thanks. The following donations are acknow ledged with thanks:—Mr. A. Bush, £1 Is,; Holmes, White, and Co., £1 la.; Mr. M. Moran, £1 Is.; Mr. D. Watson, £1 la.; Mr. J. Holmes, 10s. (3d.; Mr. J. Buckley, 10s. 6d.; Mr. ■! Li. Jackson, £2; Taylor Bros, and Co.k £1 1b. ; Mr. J. Rea, os.; Mr. C. Hofi'meyer, £1; Mr. W. Steane, a horse; Mr. W. P. Bayne, a Colt's revolver. ; •' Total Abstinence Society.—On Tuesday evening, a public temperance meeting will be held in the Temperance Hall, View-place, under the auspices of the Bendigo. Total Abstinence Society. An address will be delivered by. the. Hey. Mr. Wilkins, and there will be recitations and vocal and instrumental music during the evening. . The Weatiier.—Yesterday the weather was unusually warm for this season of the year, as the wind was blowing steadily from the north ward and eastward. During the day the sky became clouded, but towards evening it cleared up again and the night was very pleasant. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Oo.'s, l°all Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., 65°; noon, Sl°; 3 p.m., 83°: 6 p.m., 77°; maximum, 93°; te'r'ed 2i)'670; G p.m.. 29'G40. h ^ n_m Attempting to Stab a Girl.—The roilgum feller, by name Edward Fletcher, who was' robbed of about £120 in a brothel at Ecliuca on the night of the lirst or moniing of the second instant, was arrested last- night, and lodged in tlie city lockup on a charge of attempting to stab a girl named Annie Williams. It appears that the man followed the girl named, and auother one to Sandhurst, from Ecliuca, undvr the belief that they are the girls that robbed .him. Yesterday he purchased a dagger knife, and went to a house of ill-fame kept by Minnie Bentley in Dowling-street, and there saw (he girl Williams, whom he at once commenced tr> chase, stabbing at her v.-iiii tho knife. He failed in his objeot to inflict any iniurv on her. as she dodged him round a small cedar table, which ha3 about a dozen stabs in it, from the misses made at the girl. She managed to escape, and information having been given to the police, Constable Kilfedder arrested Fletcher in Hargreaves-street, about eight p.m.'. and he will be brought up at the City Police Court this morning to answer the charge. Tapi'IN'o Watur Mai.v.s.— It is this morning notified that notwithstanding that v.-ater will not be shut off now for tapping mains, 2-1 hours' notice must be given ami the old days. Tuesday for Eaglehawk, and Wednesday for .Sandhurst, are to be adhered to. Asniveus.vry Services.—'The Sunday School anniversary services in connection with the Forest-street Congregational Church will be held to-morrow, when sermons will be preached fit eleven a.m. by the Rev. .1. King, at tares p.m. by the Rev. R. Allen, and at seven, p.m. by the Rev. J. Gregion. The school children will be present at all the services, and sing suitable hymns. Music in' the Reserve.—Hallas's City Band will play a choice selection 01" sacred music in the Camp Reserve to-morrow afternoon, com mencing at three o'clock sharp, Cousts of Bf.sbu-.o AoiucrwuRAi, Society. —The ordinary monthly meeting of the -genera! committee of tho above soeiety will be held at two o'clock this afternoon, ah A Chambers. Jordan's Patent Hand-i-owi;r Rock Dkii.i.. — A public trial of the above-will take place in the machinery yard at the exhibition at four o'clock this afternoon. The Ap.t Union or Victoria.—The sub scription listj will closo on Tuesday, Sth iust., and tbo drawing takes place on the lOtli inst. The subscribers' ohromo- lithograph can be seen at, and tickets obtained from, the agents, Mr. \V. C. Grimley, Temperance Hall; and Mr. Rnbshaw, stationer, Mitcliell-street. St. Andrew's Cnor.cu.—The Rev. Jas. Nisli will preach in the above church to- morrow morning and evening. Dancing.—Mr. YVatkins' classes will be re sumed in the Masonic Hall for juveniles at three p.m. on Saturday, l'Jth ins?., and fur adults on Wednesday, 23rd inst., at eight p.m. Donations.—The hon. treasurer of the Ben tHgo Hospital (Mr. 11, V. IloYt-|>rd, Ravings' Bank), acknowledge^;, with tliauks, the receipt ol the following donations in aid of the iv.a.n tenanee fund of the institution -.—Waranga Shire Council, £'20, Eaglehawk Borough Council, i'uU; Oriental Bank Corporation, £3 3s.: M;\ Joseph Millin, £1 Is. Through the collector (Mr. J. K. 0\. Birch) :—Mr. Tiios. Holme-i, .-£1 Is.; Mr. J. S. llogan, £1; Loval Bamlitro Lodg.-. M.U.I.O.O.F., £3; Mr." John 0' K igan; .£1 Is.; Mr. A. S. Lane, £1 Is.; Mr. John Minnwir, £1 Is.; small sums, 17s. The following con tributions to the Benevolent Asylum are ac knowledged with thanks by tlio collector •.— Mrs. M'Kwan, £1; Messrs. I'oberts and SriUF, £1 Is.; Mr. John O'Hagau, £1 1^.; .Mr. John llobshaw, £1 Is. Tin: Ghost Exhibition.—Last evening at the Masonic Hall in connection with U'Arey's Read's ghost entertainment, the metaphysical ro mance of Faust and Marguerite was performed for the first time. The )visionary effects were, as usual, well managed, and elicited much applause. Various musical selections from the opera accompanied the representation. To night thu ghosts walk the staga for tha last time, when the same programme will be re peated. A correspondent suggests to us that an extra evening might be set apart for the purpose of explaining the illusions, as although nearly everybody is acquainted with the theory of the ai'i'iir, a practical development would pr- jve give a sacred performance in the Masonic Hall on Good Friday evening, illustrated with visions ami nni-ic. Noirnieorr's Hand. — Thu Whr.ving pro. gramme of mn-i-; v-'iii be hI'lv-j I hy NJort'i. ci'tl's Volunteer Bind on the Siiamr.iok kjo'iny liiis eveniag, weather psrmif.ir.g, ceum 'ncin_r at 7 p.m.:—Qiiick-itep, " I'ro fatria," ]•; Newion ; Qrand Faai.Tiia, deaoriptivo, iutro li.iuing the isv.iunrd airs, marches, of the varioiu Powers represented .it the Berlin Con gress, -Metcalfe; waits, "Mountain Blossoms,:l H. Lyons; fanta-iia varitf, "Souvenir de Va lence, M. Bleger ; polka, " Tile Star of Paris," L. Neiblet; cavatina (original), " Tiie King's Herald," H. IS-.iund ; quadrille, "Tiie Queen's Town," Dan Godfrey ; fantasia, " The Queen's Prize," H. Round ; quickstep. " Tiie Sea Lion," H. Kound. 