BITTER SWEE3C& A LOVE STORY. Bv Joseph Hatton. CHAPTEE LVI. 'LOBT, AND FODND.' The sun had gone dowp upon Maryport, and tic noon was trembling in the waters of the dock, op posite the inn whore Mrs. Beachstone's assistant Sad rested after that journey from Hels wick, years ago. A couple of tug-boats lay beside thedock wall,, waiting, when they tide should serve, to take out a, long line of ships bound for many distant countries. A green blind utill shielded the bar .parlour of the Dock Inn from the vulgar gaze of !the seamen who loitered outside. ; When the sailors were gone, aud the neighbour jhood of the basin was comparatively quiet, a Vonuui who had been walking round the basin .since Bunset apprpached the old inn. Though the Iweather was quite warm, she drew a dark cloak idoser about her shoulders, and shivered. The light, which came out from the sanded passage of itlie inn, fell upon her, and she. entered the ?house. ? 'Bhe wentinto the bar : the landlady- started at ieight of her, and no wonder, when she saw a ?woman eo,palo and emaciated, with big dark eyes, -nd b.eavy'ftlack hair, like the ghost of that poor jgirl whoni'She had never forgotten. ? ? I am Bessie Martin,1 said the woman, looking round the- room, witii that vacant wandering gans whichihnd caused Mrs. Kobinaon so much uneasi fleejs pi* tne day when Bessie disappeared. ! (The!'indla/liy know the look again. ? Why, dear lieBrt aL'fe,' she exclaimed, 'how you have 'frightened me, surely.' 'Did I?' .said the womnn, shivering again, and gathering her cloak alxiut lior. ? Did I ? yesy come in , come in ; why, how ill you Hook,' Mrs. EoV'inson rei)licd, joshing a cliair to ?wards.her. 'Will you Jetune'die hero ? the ? woman asked, still standing ;*-Mid -with such a melancholy, help lesse xpression' that the lnndkdy hurried to wards her. lest .she should fall. ? ' Dear heart ali\Te ? why, whatever is the matter?' eaid Mrs. BobinBO.v» putting her arm round the woman for support. '? If your husband objects I can-pay — I have-some money left — saved on purpose for you— saved from the poor and wretched- — ' ; « Ah, Lord ha' mercy *-n him/ said Mrs. Robin son, with a sigh. ? he's fti a better world, I hope ; jbut money's hard to get,- I'™ had the .baileys in twice since my old man cGed.1 ' cIsit money yott want, is it?* asked Bessie Mnrttn, quickly, looking' eagerly into :the lund ?Jady'sface, and taking! twsmall packets from her bosom. .,,,-, ? No, ao.Jiot now, never^mmdi; set 'e-down now end rent a little/ said the -landlady, leading her tin a /»liAllV 'There, do have»it; do take* it; don't fear, it ?was never mine ; it was his, my- father's; he left Stto me in his will/ said Bessie, with great eager ness, and thrusting 'the packot into.Mrs. Robin son's hand. ; 'Doit (;-^»excite /yourself, my dear,' 6aid the isjidJady. . ' Do take it ; I have*saved it, — saved* it, oh, so 'long, for this day, for you, for you, my dear,' iBessiewenton.asshepressodthe lamdladyte fingers over five ten-pound noteB. ; ' La, bless me, whatever tehall .1 do ?'° eaid the landlady, looking at the notes. . - ? Keep them, do, do — I kept them through all, end I have wandered hero— I oould,not eat any thing— I did not want them— no, no,, they are for jyou.' Bessie eat down, and Mrs.. -Eobinaon commenced ?to take oft' her bonnet as she ha-3. done ou that January Tlight when first she saw her. ? Why dear, dear, you must have lost your senses, sny 'deary, to go bringing mo this -money,'- she Staid'. ?HftTe I?' Bessie replied, looking-vnguely round She -room, 'have- If Will you let nio flic (here ?' ?Diei no, y-jtf mustn't talk'of 'dying, pocr/dear,' Aid the landlady, putting half a .vrine-glassful of Irandy to the thin, pale lips. ? ??Jfo, thank you,' said Bessie, shaking her Seft«i, -? . ?Tes, dear, yes, poor dear, you musf take it/ Slid the woman. '?'Must It' Bessie relied,, sippmgilio -.necessary ?medicine. - ? « There, there's a dear— you will soon be well Slow.' 'Shall I ?' said Bessie, smiling faintly. . 'May I go upstairs — upstairs ?' 'Lor, love your heart, yes,' said the woman i ?' ? May I die there, and bo curribd'-away r' ? 'ifo, no, dear, riot yet.* : 'Not carried away likejbaby was?' said Bessie, paehing her hair back from her forehead,, and [fix ing her eyes upon the landlady. ' Don't 'e talk so, don't *e'now/ said the^land lady.the tears rolling do'.vn her cheeks. ' Shall I be saved ?' the woman went on.. ' Will IJieJje saved ? Would it bo wrong to lie-down in ihe river and die,— -in tha river where the moon is ishining? ? The {woman was 'rapidly becoming delirious, jjtlrs. Robinson rang the bell for the bar- woman, Jind they carried the poor lost one to bed — the poor lost woman, 60 altered, sovthirifc Buch sunken eyes, iBuch. a weak, strange voice. 'Bid you know I was to be-Queen — Queen of the May? she asked after awhile, when the doctor Jjad been sent for. ' Poor dear/ was all the landlady could say. ? * It shall be a wreath of May-blossoms, said the ?suffering woman, smiling, . ' yes^ pure white May ; yes, yes.- Oh, if he could but see me then : that :flne,gentlomaa, Richai-d1!' The bar-woman looked at the landlady and shook her head. *» Yes/ the woman continued, ' yes, dear, and as Eoon as ever tlie sun is uj- I will be up too, and wo Srillsoon gatherthe flowers.' The landlady took the thin hand in hers and nsHafea it, and then whispered to the bar-woman jto run and tell them to send for another doctor — ithe first one they could ifind, or else it would be itoo late, ? . ? It is, -it is/ said the dying-woman, starting up, .'?it JsBiichard.' . ' Ah.curee him, curse him !' said the landlady *Bide in a whisper ; .' the ourse-of heaven be upon all such.' -..-.' Tes, hia hand is in mine ;' and then the mind ^raiSfcreiil back to simple childhood. ' No, graoima, ?dear,' yon inuat riot be angry, don't be angry with 'Bichard; he 'will-soon be back again, soon be fcack.' ' 'Poor dear/ said Mrs. Eobinson, falling upon jfeer knees, 'poor dear, she dying.* : Bessie' paused for a moment, and then it was May-day again with her. She smiled, and putting ?out her thin hand, wavedit gentlj-as if in recogni 'taon of some unseen person. 'Yes/ she said, still smiling, 'I will be down in a moment. What a beautiful morning ! The sun shines upon the sea yonder, like gold and silver. How delightful to be Queen of the May— ?to be Queen of -the May, with a pure white crown —to be Queen of- — ' ? . * ? « * ? A merciful Providence had permitted the erring poul to wander out into the great future, through ,-tiie flower-Btaawn ? meadows of that memorable . May .morning, which was the sweetest, the happi est, of that poor lost life. ?* It was a good omen/- 6aid the Jandlady, as she closed the darkened eyes and sobbed, 'She died 'lhappy, if ahe never was happy before — poor soul, noor soul.' ' » ? « ? ? * -? May we trust that 6onie good angel had power Sn those last moments; and that the sin 'which came after that happy May-day had jbeen sufficiently 'punished by its ever attendant Utters. ? ? ? * ? ? Let us see what 'some other persons belonging . to this history were doing on this same evening mIim Homia MaWtn naouir] fliiTITr 'PflrliD.nn'lt WB£ well, both for the happiness of the Greys irad the MasBeys, tiat they never knew what' became or Beo«j*,jthe sweets of whoso yonrig life' waro so eoon changed _to bitters, the nAture of which we 1 have only daredto in.iicote. . . ' Mr. Grey and fiis wife wera at Jiome Jn tJw little dinirig-iroom, wlii'.jh Frank had furDiahed in that; long past time. \ ? . : 1 George Grey haayrijt e^Iained -to Saaih his Jateet scheme for tix^^seerf.ttwWiepftSjpIja^ He had obtained great inflnisnoe in tiB-behalf Txith at hooue and in the colonies. . ' I think wi-. shall succeed/ said George Grey .cheerfully, ? I think we shall.' ? ' ' Pray heaven we may/ said :Mrs. -Grey. ' I mot poor old Foster yesterday, the father of that miserable son : the man. stopped me, and told me who he was. He says he iB almost reduced to poverty.* ' Ah, I blame a great -deal of Richard fltdifigracei tothat Peter Poster/ 6aid.Mrs. Groy. 'The magistrates have closed that den of Keein's.' 'Yes, if s always the -.way, George,' said Jttr&f; Grey»a little petulantly, ' they lock up-fche stable when the horss is gone.' ?'WW1, well, you must cheer up, my ?dear, eaid George,- ' we shall have our son back again -no*- - ?Oheeruy.I do cheer up; but at our timeof^ life, George,Vl0P° gets weaker everyday; I have almost given uV hoping.' The truth is, th.it if it had not Tieen for some acts of insubordination, Richard Grey would have bsen released a year previous to this conversa tion ; for George Grey ind powerful friends, and his petitions had been prepared with a greatideal. of care and discretion. At the time these two-k^afr talking of their wicked son, Bessie Martin wa si dying. in that poor little inn by the Docks. It is wall we domot know all that is passing around us. It wae-welWor Luke Howard nud Laura Grainger that the Tyne borough banker knew nothing of that house by the Dock-basin at jtfaryport. For on that very day Luke and Laura werexmarried — on that very day, when Mrs. Robinson went to the -sexton and set that passing-bell going in*the charcb over'th«y river, Tyneborough bells were; clashing andclangn ing in celebration of the marriage of Ltske Howard' to Lauia Grainger. ? 