NEWS OF THE DAY. IN compliance with a petition presented to the Exhibition Commissioners by a large number of exhibitors, the Garden Palace will not be open to-day. To- morrow, however, it will be open as usual, and will, no doubt, be visited by large numbers of people. The secretary to the Commission has issued a prospectus for the agricultural show, to be opened on the 19th February. In our advertising columns, and also in our report.in-.hiel', will be found an explanation of what this show will consist. If the idea is taken up, and the efforts of the Commission well seconded by those who are in a position to contribute exhibits, this agricultural show should prove exceedingly important and instructive. The wool show at present open in the Agricultural Hall of the Garden Palace grounds is well deserving of the attention of visitors to the Exhibition during the Christmas holidays. The prize tickets were posted yesterday evening, and thus experts will have opportunities to study the verdicts of the juries. No other awards than those published in this journal yesterday have been made, and possibly the judges will not conclude their labours until the Christmas festivities have closed. This morning there will be a free breakfast provided in the Exhibition grounds, near the Agricultural Hall, for "all children poor and unprovided for." The breakfast is to be given by a committee of ladies, who have associated themselves together for the purpose of showing the poor and friendless waifs of the city that Christmas is really a time of good cheer. We trust that the invitation will be heartily responded to. A pretty souvenir of the Exhibition has been received by M. Laval, made in Brussels It is the flag of jSToav South Wales enamelled in copper, mounted as a pin, and is styled the Exhibition pin. Messrs. Gii.cirr.iST, Watt, and Co. have received a cablegram from San Francisco announcing the departure of the ELLES. Australia from that port for Sydney on 22nd instant, contract date. Yesterday the cases of the condemned criminals concerned in the Wantabadgery bushranging outrages were considered by the Executive Council and it was decided that the law must take its course with regard to Scott and Rogan but the death penalty in the cases of Williams and Bennett, the tAO younger prisoners, has been commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years in irons. We understand that the commutation of sentence has been conceded on the grounds of youth, that this was the prisoners' first crime, that their conduct previously had been good, and that there were reasons for believing that they were inveigled by Scott into a course of criminality. The sentence of the Ibav is to be carried out on the 20th of January next. The adjourned fortnightly meeting of the City Council was held in the Town Hall yesterday morning, when the Mayor occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of aldermen, and amongst other matters resolved upon it was decided that a deputation should wait on the Government to urge the importance of proceeding with the sewerage in the south-east portion of the adopted plan, and that the City Engineer be instructed to make a survey and an estimated cost of a better system of temporary sewerage to carry off storm waters into Woolloomooloo Bay. Mr. J". R. Clayton was appointed to the office of City Treasurer, and the following leases were accepted It. Pasmore's, for the Randwick tollgate for 1880, for 105 ; G. D. Boss's, for tolls and dues from George-street and Belmore markets, for 2. i!855 and if. Dunn's, for the water fountain at Circular Quay, for £51 12s., in addition to the usual charge for water. The Town Hall offices are closed for the Christmas holidays, and will not reopen before 9 o'clock on Friday, 2nd January, 1860. We would draw the attention of our readers to the advertisement of the librarian of the lending branch of the Free Public Library, calling in all books belonging to that institution for the annual stocktaking. We are informed that several borrowers have detained their books an un'.A'arrantablo length of time, and that, although notices have been sent to them they have failed to respond to the request for their return, To such persons a word of warning may be tendered, vi.., that any person keeping a book more than 14 days breaks the regulation-, cancels his own ticket, and is at once liable to be dealt with for being illegally in possession of the property of the trustees. J It may not be generally known that the average Tent of the runs under lease in the pastoral districts of the colony, according to the last return, is 3 15s. 8d. per square mile; or, at the rate of a trifle OVer He per acre, the actual figures being decimal '29 of a penny. The Sydney .1iiA*onilo Industrial Exhibition, which is being held in the Temperance Hall, was very fairly patronised yesterday. The exhibits were in their allotted positions, and the hall was tastefully decorated with flags and evergreens. A refreshment stall and - Christmas tree have been established, and many innocent artifices are resorted to in order to engage the -tasting nP the Lillie- AjaOMst I" see VW'-"" therms of the place is some excellent music by ladies, ff_o-e"Ood offices have been tendered with a view to promote the success of the Exhibition. j It maybe remembered that one of the prizes at the | late Rifle Association prize meeting was a double- j ' fondled breech-loading fowling piece, value £30. This has just come to hand, and, the winner, Corporal , Board, will be pleased to hear, is in first-class condition. ( Jtr.ll'eniy.of Edinburgh, in his letter forwarding the i invoice, says "Along with the gun have sent one of the new regulation pattern British arm- revolver?, with holster inflict, value s, of which I trust your Asso- elation will accept as my donation to your prize list. I shall be much obliged for a copy of your annual re- j port, and beg to offer my best thanks to the Association for placing my name on their list of life members." The following letter has been forwarded to us by Mr. David Buchanan, M.L.A. 9-10, Downing-street, Whitehall. November 23, 1870. Sir, Lord Beaconsfield has received your letter of the 20th August last, I respecting the disallowance of a Divorce Bill introduced by you and passed by the Legislature of New South Wales. In reply, he desires me to inform you that the despatches of Sir Michael Beach, to. '10, 15th July, 1878, and No. 102 of 25th June last, express the opinion of her Majesty's Government upon the subject, and Lord Beaconsfield does not see that he can at present add anything to the decision therein conveyed am, sir, your obedient servant, J. F. Daly." 1 Yesterday, a deputation, consisting of Mr. W. A. Cotter, Mr. J. M'Güav, Mr. J. A. Lewis, Mr. A. G. Brook, and Mr. W. Wellman was introduced by Mr. Garrett, M.L.A., to the Minister for Mines, and presented a petition from inhabitants of the Lachlan and Murrumbidgee, stating that in those districts a large extent of country was rendered almost entirely useless through the spread of pine scrubs, which every year were extending to an alarming extent, and threatened to destroy the grazing capability of a great number of runs, and that the pastoral tenants were willing to undertake the expensive task of exterminating this scrub, if they could obtain protection from the Government and the petitioners prayed that inquiry might be made into the circumstances of the case. It was served by the expectation that the cost of clearing on the part of the Crown tenants would be from 6s. to 8s. per acre. Having heard what the deputation had to say, Mr. Baker said that under the law the Government could give no protection or security of tenure for improvements of this kind. Mr. Garrett suggested that perhaps the Government might make reservations of such portions of the runs as were improved, leaving a memorandum attached to the papers noting the reason for which the reservation are made, so that any succeeding Government should not revoke the reserve within a reasonable period. Mr. Baker said that this matter had been under his consideration for some time, the suggestion having been made to him before ; but he saw this difficulty in the way-that if the Government consented to make these reserves as required, persons not acting in good faith, and not intending to make improvements would apply for reserves for the purpose of locking up portions of their runs from free selection and from sale generally, and would require considerable inspection and the employment of officers, perhaps, to determine between the applications made bona-fide and those made for the purpose merely of defeating the selector. Members of the deputation admitted there was force in what the Minister said, but thought that the Crown lands commissioners would be able to detect and defeat persons intending to impose on the Government in this way. Mr. Baker acknowledged that it was the duty of the Government to do all that was possible to promote the great pastoral interests of the colony, providing that no other industries were injured by the action they might take, However he promised to bring the whole subject before his colleagues at an early day, and then to communicate what was determined on to Mr. Cotter. The adjourned inquest on the body of Captain Zahel was not resumed yesterday, in consequence of the Australian, steamer, not arriving with the witnesses. The inquest was further adjourned till Monday morning next, at 9 o'clock. A cop.kespo:*__:-t sends us the following unsavoury morsel:-" On Tuesday, the 16th instant, fifty pieces of four offal were removed from the beach at Clontarf, Bid a considerable quantity went up Middle Harbour, and, I am told, also Owner to Manly. This filth must have been discharged on the preceding day, This is one of many instances." ' * ' ' It was reported to the police on Tuesday evening that two gold watches, one silver watch, three gold chains, a suit of man's wearing apparel, and some silver money, had been stolen from the Cave of Dun- more Hotel, Macquarie- street South, the property of David Mason, the landlord, and of other persons resident thereat, and that an attempt had been made to force open a drawer, in which was a considerable sum of money. About nine o'clock senior-sergeant Larkins and sergeant Mulqueeny tracked and apprehended a man named Thompson, who, it appears, had been employed about the premises, and in whose possession nearly the whole of the stolen property was found, as well as a broken knife, with which there is every reason to believe was made the attempt to force open the drawer referred to. Thompson was brought into custody at the Central Police Court yesterday and remanded for further examination. The undermentioned officers of police were yesterday appointed, at a meeting of justices held for the purpose, at the Central Police Office, to collect the electoral rolls for the year 1880 :-Y\"est Sydney, Sub-inspector Anderson ; East Sydney, Sub-inspector Johnston ; Paddington, Sub-inspector Waters ; Canterbury, Sub-inspector Rush ; Newtown, Sergeant Mac Namara; Glebe, Sergeant Boyd; and St. Leonards, Constable Abercrombie. The usual monthly meeting of the Hyde Social Institute was held on Tuesday, and notwithstanding the very inclement weather, the members met and went through the performance with much spirit. Two ladies contributed duets for the piano. Mr. CalloW. treated the audience to two fine bass solos, and these with a ballad (tenor) and some fine glees, made up a very enjoyable evening. Mr. A. Massey kindly attended to accompany the songs, and joined Mr. Davis in some dues for violin and piano. The meetings of this institute, now that they are becoming known, are likely to be a means of enjoyment and edification to the residents. A -tBZTixa of the different temperance alliances was held last night at the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, and was very well attended. Mr. G. Lucas occupied the chair, and delivered an address,' among the other speakers being Mr. J. Roseby, M.L.A. A number of wings were sung and several recitations were given with spirit, and the evening's amusement appeared to be sell enjoyed. The name of the woman who was found by constable Adams, early on Tuesday morning, in an untenanted house off William-street, has been ascertained to be Matilda Mary" Ann White. The unfortunate (woman died in the Infirmary yesterday morning. She was the wife of a cabman, and aged twenty-six: years. Both her mother and her husband are alive. Her miserable end was brought about by over-indulgence in drink. The Coroner has decided to dispense with an inquest, as her death resulted from natural causes. She remained in an unconscious state from the time of her admission to the Infirmary till her death. The following were among the cases treated at the Infirmary, yesterday ; Louis Tisak, injury to leg, caused by a kick from a horse ; Daniel O'Connell, 68, injury to right side, caused by falling on the kerbstone : George Barker, 26, amputation of finger, necessitated through scalding water falling over it William James. Crealey, 21, graze and cuts on forehead, caused by a fall from a cart while inebriated, was found by constable Murphy, of Balmain Police Station, in an unconscious state and taken to the Infirmary. He was offered admission, but refused it. His injuries were attended to. Three deaths by drowning occurred in this district with a week (says the Bathurst Free Press) ; the first case was that of young Pearse, who was drowned in the Macquarie River, justbelowtho town, he having entered the water for the purpose of bathing. The j circumstances attending the death of the other two are j thus given by ar- informant : They were the sons of Mr. P. Dwyer, mail contractor, of Rockley, and had gone to the creek at a spot near the town having with I seen a dog. One of the lads was aged 9 years and the ""ther 7 years, and it is thought they fell into the creek, : which at this point is deep, while endeavouring to show the animal into the water. Having fallen in they were unable to get out; and a lad who was with them, a son of Mr. J. Golsby, ran to his f "ther's house i and gave the alarm, but he appears to have been so frightened that he could not make himself understood for some time. When the fact was made plain, how ever Mr. Golsby and others immediately ran to the spot, and there saw the two unfortunate children lying at the bottom of the hole quite dead. A case. of some interest was heard in the Melbourne County Court (says the Age), before a special jury. A young lady named Teresa Glazier sued the Rev. Father Horan, Roman Catholic clergyman at Heidelberg, claiming 500 damages for an assault said to have been committed on her at Heidelberg, on the evening of the Prince of Wales' birthday. The plaintiff's evidence was to the effect that she was, on the day in question, in the road Watching some fireworks, when she saw the defendant go up to a young man named John Woods, and strike him on the head with a stick. Seeing that he was about to repeat the blow she laid hold of his arm and said, "Don't strike the boy." The defendant then turned upon her, and struck her a I severe blow on her head. He was about to strike her again, but a gentleman prevented him. Dr. Heffernan proved that he attended Miss Glazier for three weeks for a wound on her head, that might have been inflicted by a stick that was produced. She had a large blood tumour, a black eye, and suffered from a general shock to the system. Evidence was given by John Wood, his father, mother, and sister, who stated that they witnessed the assault as described. For the defence Father Horan said that he was returning home with a friend, and on passing Wood's house he saw a crowd of people in the street. Some crackers were thrown in his face, and a man came up to him, when he struck out with his stick in defence. He denied striking plaintiff, but said that he hit the lad twice, once on his stick, and the second time on the shoulder. Mr. Redmond Power, a bank clerk, said he was walking with Father Horan. They did nothing to cause any offence; but some crackers were thrown in his face, and a man called him a "-priest," on which he took his stick and let out at the people all round. There was a crowd of people, men, women, and children, but it was so dark he could not recognize any one. The jury, after a few minutes' consultation, returned a verdict for the full amount claimed, costs to be taxed by the Registrar. Trq: Forbes Times contains the following :-" A gentleman who came up from the Lower Lachlan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst the passengers was a young man, 22 year, of age, who was constantly making use of the most blasphemous land guage, very much to the annoyance ofhisfeUow travellers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to why he made use of such terms so irreverently he seemed surprised, and ultimately admitted that he only knew the words ' God, ' Jesus Christ,' ' Holy Ghost,' as terms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who made him, had not the remotest idea of a Supreme Being, and in fact evinced the darkest ignorance on all such matters." Mrs. Passlow, of Adelong (say the Times), received a telegram informing him of a most appalling accident which befel his father-in-law, Mr- William Smith, of Big Ben, on Monday about 10 a.m. The following particulars were gathered from him. It appears that the old man, who is between 60 and 70 years of age, was feeding a chaff-cutter driven by horse power, and being of a very nervous temperament by some un- guarded motion his right hand was drawn into the cutter, where the knives literally chopped it off piecemeal and a portion of the arm about five inches above the wrist. His right arm to the elbow was under the rollers when the machine was stopped, and they were" lifted in order to extricate the limb. The flesh, tendons, and sinews were found dreadfully compressed and lacerated. A new crime has cropped up in the Burrowa district. The News says :-" Lately, a large number of sheep have been most mysteriously and feloniously shorn about here. About ten days ago the police received information that seventy- four sheep had been stolen from a settler named Mrs. Corcoran, near Burrowa. On searching a suspected place the police found a newly shorn lamb, hidden under a, cask, and about seventy shorn sheep blocked in a paddock, but no wool. On Wednesday morning, at half-past 3, senior-sergeant Hitch and constable Chapple found a pack of wool of about thirty-five sheep hidden in a paddock at an equal distance from the residence of the' suspected people. Both were arrested." An amusing instance of a successful attempt to evade the payment of Customs dues (says the Albury Banner) occurred a few days since. A Chinaman, residing on the Victorian side of the river, but anxious to avail himself of the benefits arising from the free trade tariff of New South Wales in certain contemplated purchases of soft goods, came over to Albury and invested in two complete suits of clothing, from the shirt outwards, and one hat. Having purchased the articles he coolly proceeded to the back of the store where he had bought them and arrayed himself in the entire rig out two new shirts, two pairs of trousers, two waistcoats, and two coats, finally dragging over the lot the well-worn habiliments in which he had arrived. The storekeeper expressing a little mild surprise at a proceeding which resulted in transforming the Chinaman from a rather lean scarecrow into the semblance of an Asiatic Daniel Lambert, John replied, " All life ! All life ! Custom- house no catches now ! " and went on his way rejoicing at the prospect of defrauding the Victorian revenue to the extent of some twenty shillings. The following is the order of the musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral for Christmas Day-Morning, 11 am.. Te Deum (Hopkins)- in G. ; Jubilee (G. B. Allen) in F. Anthem, "Hark! the Herald Angels sing" (Dr. Arnold). Evening, 7.30, Magnificat (King in F. ; Nunc Dimittis (King) in F. ; Anthem, " High let us swell our tuneful notes " (James Johnson). The Metropolitan band, under the leadership of Mr. G. Vincent, will perform at 3-30, this afternoon, the following programme: March, " Let me like a Soldier fall," J. Hartman; selection, English, J. Hartman; "Gloria in Excelsis," from Mozart's 12th Mass, J. S. Jones; quick march, from Bizet's opera "Carmen," J. Ki were; selection, "Fra Diavolo," Auber; galop, "Bruder Lustig," Budik : "God save the Queen " The Albion Band will perform at the Gladesville Insane Hospital on Christmas Day, at 3 p.m., the following pro- gr.Atiimo:-March, " Grand Duchess," J.De\\-lm; quadrille,. "Faust," Coote; waltz, "Souvenir;" march, "Christ-' nw;" quadrille, "Pinafore," Godfrey; wait-, " Beautiful Severn ;" lancers, "Trial by Jury," D'Albert ; galop, " Kink," D'Albert ; "God Save the Queen." Devlin, band master. Exe the list of University candidates who have passed, Frederick William Barker should have been Barker. 