PILLS TO PtrmM MEL AN-' CJIOLYT ■„ Our coloured friends love large words, nor are their preachers wholly exempt from this affection. A local preacher at Washington, who holds a position in ono^ of tho departments, lately observed that 'A s ho “ was to get do rest of his salary at do * close of do flzziclo year.” Perhaps ho meant physical, hut more probably “ Emma” said a little girl to her school mate, “wouldn’t it bo awful if somebody should shoot our school-mistress ?” “ Yes,” wns tho roply; " but then wouldn’t it bo nice not to have any school.” A player performing tho ghost in Hamlet very badly, was hissed; uftcr bearing it a good while, ho put tho audience iir good humour by stepping forward' and saying, “ Ladies and gentle men, I am extremely sorry that my humblo .endeavors to pi ease you arc un successful ; but if you aro not satisfied, I must give up tho ghost.” Ou a lady’s entering tho assombly room atYorlc, Stornc.asked her name. Ho was told she was a Mrs Hobson; on which ho said he had often heard of Hobson’s choice, but ho never saw it before. ‘/ Ain’t it wicked to rob dis hero lien roost, Jim?” “Dill's a great moral ques tion, Gumbo; wW ain't got timo to > consider it now—hand down another pullet." . uitnuELLA couiiTsnir. Tho wind was damp with coming wot When James and blue-eyed Lizzie met; Ho held a gingham o’er his head, And to the maiden thus ho said: “ Oh, lovely girl, my heart’s afire ’ With love’s unquenchable desire ; Say, dearest one, wilt thou bo mine, And join me in the grocery line P” The maid, in accents sweet, replied : “ .Jim, hold tho umbrella more my side ; My brand-now bonnet’s getting wet— I’ll marry ycr, ycr needwt fret.” A Hew York fanner laughed when his prudent wife advised him not to smoko on a load of hay. He footed it home that night with his hail* singed, most of his garments a prey to the devouring element, and the iron work of the waggon in a potato sack; and then his wife laughed. Epitaph in Banbury Church-yard, Ox fordshire. (From Cole’s MSS., in the British Museum.) “To.the meniory of Bic. Bicliards, who by a gangrene first lost a toe, afterward a leg, and lastly his life, on tho 7th of April, 1650. “All! cruel Loath, tomnko tlirco meals of one! To taste and cat, and cat till all wns gono; But know, thou tyrant, when the trump sliull He’ll find his feet, and stand when thou sknlt fall.” A sentimental editor says, “ It is com forting to know that ono eye watches fondly for our coming, and looks brighter when wo come.”* A contemporary is grieved to learn that his “ brother oi tho quill has a wife with one eye.” A tailor has a bill in his window to tho following effect: “ Wanted—several thin coat makers.” This is a fine ehanco for spare, tailors. What kind of essence docs a young man like when he pops the question ?— Acquiesencc. Some one tells a story of a steamboat passenger watching the revolving light of a light house on tho coast, and exclaim ing, “Gosh! the wind blows that light out as fast as the man can strike it.” “ 0 that my father was seized with a remittent fever!” sighed a young spend thrift at college. . Vienna is said to be the worst drained ‘ city in Europe. An exchange advises tho inhabitants to send for Tweed, who drainedHew York so successfully. A school-boy being asked by his teacher “of what tho German Diet was consti tuted;’^ replied, “ Sourkrout, schnapps, lager-bier, and nix cum rous.” That lad must be a cousin german to tho boy who, whon shown a picture of “Luther at the diet of Worms,” said, “Papa, I sco Luther, but where are the worms that ho is going to cat ?” Puzzled school-boy to. his teacher: “But, Sir, if wanst nought be nothing, then twice nought must bo something; for it’s double what wanst nought is.” 