Two Little Jacobites. It was a gusty, stormy evening in tie spring of the year 1 746. The fiery red clouds that lingered in the sky after the gun had set paled slowly, and darkness was settling down over Craigearn — an old castle, perched high above the waters of one of the many ' lochs' that indent the west coast of Scotland. As the brightness faded out of the -western 6ky and off the heaving sea, a light shone out from one of the ca6tle win dows. The waves leaped up to it, as if eager to look at the warmth within, and feil back attain disappointed. But we. more privileged, may glance in. It was a small room, its dark oaken walls decorated by the heads of deer, on the graceful spreading antlers of which hung old spears, daggers, helmets, gauntlets, &c.; Beside the fire sat two children, a boy and girl. It was curious to see the air of protection with which tho older, a sturdy, sun-browned little Celt of twelve, regarded his sister, a golden-haired, blue-eyed lassie of ten. But more curious still was the sage expression of responsibility with which, a large deerhound, who sat erect on the opposite side of the fire, regarded them both, watching them through his half closed eyelids— ? ' I wish father was home, Archie, 'Jsaid the little girl, breaking a long silence. 'So do I, Shiela,' Arohie answered. 'When I said that to Elspeth she said Bhe would be thankful if she knew where he was.' ' Why ? He's with the Prince, isn't he ?' said Shiela. ' Ay, but the Prince is hiding,' Archie answered, with a wise shake of his curly brown head. 'What's that? I heard a noise.' Shiela crept closer to her brother, and they both turned +Vi pi r Avae fnvaWlK a. MHai'n nnnt in the wall, where WAR the j concealed entrance to the private stair which led up to the turrets and down to the dungeons ; for there walked tho I ghost of .the family — the spirit of the rebellious Roundhead ancestor. Although this ghost had never been seen- by any one member of the family, yet each one fully expected to see it; and poor Shiela and Archie had no mother, so they were left to believe in it and fear it as much as they liked. They had not seen their father now for more than six months — not since the summer day when he had marched away with his men to join Prince Charlie at Moidart. Since then Archie and Shiela had lived in the old castle with their nurse Elspeth, and tho two or three other servants who remained at home. Then a few of the men had come back after Culloden, telling that Sir Eric, their master, was hiding with the Prince. But to return to our two little friends. There had certainly been a noise, for Brahan, the deerhound, pricked up his ears and turned his head with wide-opened eyes towards the door. Another noise — then the door opened, and revealed to the frightened children, not a ghost, but their father, j ' Hush ! hush ! my dearies,' he said, pressing them ! close to him, ' you must be quiet. Where are Elspeth and [ the rest?' I 'At supper, daddy.' ' Very well. Now, listen to me'for'a moment. There is some one very dear to me — to all of us — hiding in the tower room. He came here with me an hour ago. Now, you J know Fergus Bain is here, and I am afraid if he knew who was here he might tell. I know he will not betray me, but i there is a large sum of money offered to anyone who will betray this person I have told you of. So you see I cannot take any food to this person, in case Fergus might follow me' and find him out, and this is what I want my little boy and girl to do. You will take some food to the tower room. Don't be afraid ; he won't hurt you.?' _ I The children said they would do this ; and, after warning ; them to speak of it to no one, Sir Eric bade them call j Elspeth. Elspeth was overjoyed to see her master, and so were all j the servants — even Fergus Bain, a thin, pawky fellow, who gained his living as a wandering piper in various houses in the neighbourhood. When none of the servants were in the room, Sir Eric put some of his supper in a basket, and told Archie and Shiela to take it to the tower room, which they did, a little curious about this fugitive, and very frightened. The tower room was a very small chamber opening by a concealed door from a disused lumbe^room. The tower or turret was one of four, built one at each corner of the castle. Two of them contained stairs ; the third was simply for ornament, and this one had the room which, besides the entrance I have mentioned, communicated with the secret passages, although very few people knew of it. When the children opened the door the occupant of the room sprang to his feet, but on seeing who his visitors were he smiled gaily, saying, ' Welcome, my kind fairies ; I'm delighted to see you and your basket.' 'Father sent this,' said Archie, gravely, setting down his basket. ' With his respectable comperments,' added Shiela, who was always very conscientious about delivering a message before she had time to forget it. _ ' Tes, and he says,' Ajrchie went on, wisely refraining from going over stony ground on which he was conscious his sister had stumbled, although he could not set her right — u he says if you will pardon him for not coming himself but you know the reason.' 'You know the reason,' Shiela generally echoed the last words of her brother's sentences in thin way. ' I know the reason,' said the stranger, laughing ; ' and tell him I am quite pleased with my'-host. Are you eoine ? Well, good night.' He was such, a mud-bespattered, travel-stained shabbily dressed man, that Shiela had some scruples about going near enough to him to return his good night and shake hands with him. ' What's your name, little lady ? ' he asked. ' Shiela,' she answered, ' and that's Archie. What's ? 1 } . ? ? ? : ? ? ? ? ? ? yours?' Archie frowned to his sister, to indicate that that was not a polite question. But the stranger did not seem to mind. ' It is an unlucky name,' he answered, sadly. ' The two children went back to their father, and told him all that had been said and done. ' He wouldn't tell me his name,' said Shiela. 'What is it, father?' Sir Eric pondered a minute before he answered. ' Per haps I ought not to tell you; but you may as well know seonassyne. That is Prince Charlie.' ' Prince Charlie ! ' they repeated. ' Oh ! ' said Archie, ' his clothes are all ragged and dirty, and he wasn't a bit like a Prince.' Their father had explained how the Prince having been sleeping in barns, sheds, boats, or on the open hill, it was not to be expected he should wear a crown and a velvet robe, or even have his clothes brushed every morning. ' His hair is the same colour as mine,' said Shiela, with a laugh of childish pleasure in connecting herself with the ' yellow hair ' of the ''bonnie Prince Charlie.' — Horth British Advertiser. ( To be concluded.) 