Melbourne. [from our own correspondent.] February !». Heavy rains last night extinguished the fire near Colac, though not until they had reached perilously near the township. A young man who had taken shelter under a -tree was struck dead by lightning. Immense damage has been done in Camper- down and its vicinity by fires and heavy storms. The Presbyterian Church is a complete ruin, and other buildings have been damaged. Ritchie's woolshed and slaughtering yards on Aringa run have been destroyed by bush fires, and the State school and a number of fences The Hobart Town Cup was won by Lord Harry, Tom Kirk 2, SwivoUer 3. Won easily. Time, 3min. lOJsec. Our Sydney correspondent, under date Feb- ruary 8, writes :-The International Exhi. bition building is being run up with surprising celerity. I took a look in at the Inner Domain this morning, and was struck with the progress mode and the activity that prevails. The foundations already cover *Iour or five acres, and some piogre3s has been made with tho flooring. There is a steam ,saw-mill on the ground cutting up the timber as fast as it is wanted. There are now between five hundred and six hundred hands employed, and the contractor intends to have men on night and day as soon as he can be provided with the means of lighting. He has tried the oxyhydro gen light, but it doesn't answer, and thinks about having gas loid on before the electric light apparatus he has Bent to England for arrives. The assurances of co-operation on the part of Victoria and Queensland are most gratify- ing. Victoria has come forward in a handsome and generous way. The Executive Commis- sioners of the Victorian International Exhibition having, under the approval of the Government, issued a circular inviting exhibitors to contribute Jo the success of the Sydney show. Victoria ?will want about 10,000ft. of space. And while referring to the exhibition I may mention that it is likely to cost the Government much more than the £50,000 estimated by the Colonial Architect. The City Corporation have made it a peg whereon to hang another request for 'Government assistance. They now ask for another £40,000 or £50,000 to enable them to f'put the city in order" by the time the distin- guished visitors arrive whom they expect to patronise the great show. The Pi emier shakes his head, and says he will consult his colleaguts. Consider tins paragraph a prolonged whisper. And we beg to suggest that there is an opening for a patent even in that little sentence. We want a special kind of type to represent senti- ments in the act or condition of being whispered. All great authors, from Sbakspeare to ourselves, have felt the want of this. Depend upon it, there's money in the notion ; and when the Patent Self-modulating Susurrus-Type is in general use we hope the original sug- jester will not be forgotten. But about that whisper. In the very cream of our uppermost ten-now don't imagine that by showing how familiar we are with its inner workings we are going to pose as an atom iu that floating superficiality called the creme de la creme. Oh no. Our connection with the cream of society is purely feline. We lick the cream-all round. To resume. There is a considerable flutter in the dovecotes of the crime de la creme. We are quite aware that there is an immedicable rupture in our metaphor, but the occasion demands it You see Queensland has to be officially represented at the Sydney Exhibition, and the likely representatives have sons and daughters, and nephews and nieces, and cousins and cousines-and lhere an to be princes there. Do you see now why there is already the commencement of fermentation in the cream ? We Bay no more. We do not even go the length of saying that " we could, an if we would." But we will venture so far as to state that if any fellow forestalls us in our notion of publishing a Handbook for Conversation with Royal Person- ages we shall have to trouble him for his address. We have already made copious notes for it, in- cluding a variety of thingB not generally known. No representative, and indeed no exhibitor, who studies our foi thcoming work need be at a loss -even if he should find himself confronted by the Pr-nc- of W-l-s. We have imagined both prince and exhibitor in every possible combination and permutation of positions. Take a specimen : " Prince tastt-B wine ; says, ' It's (Doctor-of ? Divinity) good stuff, that! Whose is it?' Ans. ' Oh gracious father of our kings to be- 'tis Nicholson's.'-Order of St, Michael, lee., conferred on the spot, and on the speaker." .... Take another :-" Prince inspecting machinery : ' What the devil's this?' Ans. 'Oh Prince, live for ever ! I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid. It's a Buncle's Chaff-cutter.'-Gra- tuity offered-and accepted." It would be unfair to the purchaser to give any more gratui- tous specimens, so we simply mention that, as the work is to be published on the 31st instant, country agents had better send in their orders at once, in case of disappointment,-" Specialities," in the Queenslander. Concerning Mr. Pring's appearance in court at the Toowoomba Assizes on Monday last, the Chronicle reports as follows :-" Mr. Pring, Q.C., said that he appeared to exhibit informations against the prisoners to be tried at that sitting of the court, and to prosecute the same, and to exercise all the duties, powers, and authorities of the Attorney-General. He appeared under a proclamation issued under the Department of Justice Act of 1876, which enacted that when- ever there shall be no Attorney-General, it shall be lawful for the Governor-in-Council, from time to time, by proclamation, to order and declare that all or any of the duties, powers, and authori- ties imposed or conferred upon the Attorney. General by any law, statute, rule, practice, or ordinance, shall be had and exercised by the Minister of Justice or such otljer person as may be named in such proclamation in that behalf. His Honor's Associate had the Qovernmint Gazette of February 8 containing the proclamation of his appointment. His Honor (Mr. Justice Lutwyche) said that he had read the Act, and he should recognise Mr. Pring as one of her Majesty's counsel learned in the law. His commission had already been read before the Judges of the Supreme Court, and there could be no doubt as to his identity." The following extract from an Irish contem- porary may be of interest to some of our readers, as the gentleman referred to has many relatives and friends in Queensland who will be pleased to hear of his promotion :-" We rejoice to learn that Henry Thynne, Esq., B.A., LL.B., who has been upwords of six years one of the sub-inspectors of the Belfast constabulary, has been appointed a resident magistrate. Mr. Thynne, who has seen nineteen years' service in the constabulary, was stationed in the counties of Louth, Carlow, and Cork before joining the Belfast force. His career, both at college and in the constabulary, has been most successful He is a gentleman eminently qualified for the im- portant poBt to which he has been chosen, and his numerous friends hail his appointment with warm expressions of delight. Mr. Thynne ha3 been appointed resident magistrate for thecountv of Donegal." Mr. Thynne was one of the rifle' men sent over to represent Ireland at the rifle contests in America in 1876, and as one of the Irish team made very good shooting at Wash- ington, and it íb expected that he will form one of the Irish eight this year also. A good education is better than wealth, The iiton Preparatory School is within a few minutes' walk of the Bayswater estate. This is a fact tüat should not be forgotten by parents desirous of purchasing a Buburban site. The Bayswater estate will be offered for sale on Monday, Feb ruary 24, by J. B. Ellis and Co.-[Advt.] Tim Kellys have murdered three or four policemen by open violence, and if they continue at liberty much longer they will be responsible («ays the Evening News) for the death of a number of harmless people by the fatal influence of fear. We would not insinuate that any of the Victorian policemen will give up the ghost through this cause, but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers will. A case occurred recently at one of the country branches of the Bank of Victoria, which illustrates tho extreme danger of the present condition of affairs. A middle-aged gentleman of timid disposition had been sent up from Melbourne to take charge of the branch, and he was fully resolved to defend his charge with every drop of blood in his body. _ He was a prudent man, had known something of military tactics as a Volunteer, aud therefore he made his dispositions eau t'ously. Firmly convinced that the Kellys would come, he sat in the bank with two revolvers in his belt, and one full cocked in his hand. His assistant was also armed with revolvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. As an additional measure of précaution, a piece of twine was passed round the arms of the mauager and the cloik, that they might communicate instantaneously and silently. The Saturday after the bank was closed a loud rap was heard at the door. The twine was twitched, and the manager made sure the hour was come. He made the policeman cover the door with his rifle. The clerk stood on the counter with two" revolvers pointed to the door, and the manager, with a revolver in one hand, opened the door an inch and a half with tho other. " Who's there 1" he asked, in a loud voice, but not without a quiver of emotion. Instead of the reply of Ned Kelly and four comrades, a shrill squeaky voico replied, "Missus says the dinner's ready." Such shocks would soon under- mine even a strong constitution, and we learn with satisfaction that the worthy manager has been removed to the safer precincts of the bank in Melbourne, It is gratifying, (says the Pall Mall Budget) to hear of one instance of good luck in connection with the great calamity which has caused such widespread distress in Scotland. A very sin- gular instance of this kind is related by a corre- spondent who writes to us as follows :-" A. B., an old lady with a fair fortune, £8000 or £10,000, hod a legacy loft her of £2000. This, after much cogitation, she, following her Free Church clergy- man and other religious authorities, invested in the Glasgow Bank, and for some year's drew the dividends satisfactorily. Then came the failure, and the old lady was distracted by the thought of future beggary. Her neighbors got their calls ; but she (as it seemed from the special hard heartedness of the liquidators) did not get even the notice vouchsafed to others anxious to make arrangements and prepare a retreat from tho wreck. She went to Edinburgh to oonsult lawyers as to the failure of notice, and after enquiry found that her agent is at present eluding the police ; in fact, that, in addition to other frauds, he lias pocketed her £2000, and has been paying her interest out of the capital. She is thus free of all responsibility ns regards the rest of her fortune, and is doubtless prepared to sue the agent, should he turn up, for the malversa- tion of her £2000." The Chinese experiment in British Columbia so fur, appears to have been reasonably success- ful. A law of the Provincial Legislature im- poses a tax of £12 per head per annum on every Chinaman within its jurisdiction. The day it went into effect the Chinamen in Victoria all quitted work. They probably looked upon tho legulation as one of the unaccountable freaks of the "red- haired barbarians," which woo Id not last long. But the result has been quite the reverse. The law has bceu rigorously enforced. If not overruled at Ottawa it will be productive of marked results one way or the other. The property of Chinamen wherever found has been seized and sold for taxes on a refusal to pay. Under these circumstances the Chinese aro beginning to think better of the situation. According to the latest despatches they are re- turning to work, which means that they are pay. ing the taxes. It is noticeable in this connection that, so far as we ure advised, they have made no movement to quit the territory. A very short and | inexpensive trip would land them in Washington or Oregon, where no such taxation prevails. There is, however, no room for thom in either of those places. But taxation always operates as a two-edged sword. No Legislature can bo certain that the individual assessed is the one who pays. If the latter can find anyone upon whom the burden can be thrown he will not hesitate at relieving his own shoulders. There are about 5000 Chinamen in British Columbia. At £12 per head they would yield a revenuo of £60,000, less the expense of collection. The expenditures of the local Government do not greatly exceed these figures. We have, therefore, a bonus of £60,000 per annum in favor of white labor as opposed to the Chinese. This certainly ought to do something towards bringing about an equality in the competition between the races. There is a discrimination against the Chinaman of £1 per month. But if white labor does fill the gap the tax will come out of the community in the end. The Chinese will gradually raise their wages and prices until the employer pays the £12 per annum assessed upon them. On the other hand, if white labor shoul 1 take possession of the field from which the Chinese have been driven, there will be nothing left for the latter in British Columbia but to " go." Unfortunately if they take up their traps they will be very likoly to precipitate themselves on the Pacific States and Territories which are already too well supplied. -S. F. Bulletin. It has been known for some time that A. C. Gregory, geological surveyor of Queensland, has been testing various substances in order to check the ravages of white ants. We welcome the following from that gentleman, concerning | the conclusions he has arrived at : In answer to your enquiry about the preser- vation of timber from white ants, I have been using a mixture of sulphate of copper and arseniate of potash, but the suiell was so un- pleasant and the effect on both the skin and carpenters' tooto bo injurious, that I soon gave it up, though it seems to be an effectual protection against all kinds of insects. I have since used a solution of arsenic and potash in the proportion of 41b. arsenic, Jib. pearlasb, boiled in one gallon of water. It does not mix in cold water and must be boiled. This solution is applied with a painter's brush, or a mop for large timber, over the whole surface especially at the ends of the pieces. About two years ago I dressed more than 1000ft. of pine boards to replace parts of a house full of white ants, and they have not yet touched a Bingle piece of the wood so treated ; but I do not think it would be effectual in timber ex- posed much to rain, which would wash out the solution. I have tried the solution on a floor of pine which was partly eaten by white ants. The top3 of the boards only were washed by means of a mop, and it had the effect of quickly clearing out all the ants. The solution of arsenic in potash does not injure carpenters' tools, and it does not act much on the skin, but care should be taken to keep it from cuts or sores ; it is also very poisonous if taken into the system, and great care should be taken in its use not to leave any tins or buckets unwashed after use. Some objection may be taken to the use of arsenic in considerable quantities in buildings ; but though it is one of the most violent of the metallic poisons yet it is not nearly so dangerous as lead, which as paint is present in almost every house, for lead is insidious in its effects, being very gradual and producing obstinate diseases, the origin of which is not easily traced. Arsenic, on the contrary, though violent in its effect if taken in qnantity, is in very small quantities only second to quinine as a preventive of the fevers so common in this climate, while it does not leave any permanent effect prejudicial to the constitition. The immense agricultural resources of America have long been matter of history, but we doubt if our readers will be prepared for the following statistics, which we extract from a speech of Mr, Burchard, who represents the State of Illinois in the HouBe of Representatives. In 1878 the area of land under cultivation in the United States was 121,350,000 acres. The live stockre turns were as follows :-Horses, 10,329,700 ; mules, 1,637,500 ; horned cattle, 30,523,400 ; Bheep, 35,740,500, and swine, 32,262,500. The grain crop is returned as 360,000,000 bushels of wheat, 1,340,000,000 bushels of maize, 405,200,000 bushels of oats, 35,600,000 bushels of barley, and 22,100,000 bushels of rye. 