MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Saturday. The conclusion of the Beform racket v coming very swiftly. Wo shall know <nr fate, a> k young "nation m the mstle," before this day week. Shall I Sve you the tip for the event? Theire mired 44 votei may.by • bare possibility, ac rounded up for the third reading,—or may not I think myself it may be the negative result, and a little more ?o. But why should Ibe positive,—l, the veriest outsider in the indifferent crowd of out siders looking on, contemptuously, at the game in the ring — when the Chief Secretary himself does not know, for certain, how the Toting will go on Wednesday next? Anyhow, the mino rity will be to respectably large that, by universal admission, the game will be a drawn one.- If 44 men are on ono side in a parliamentary division, and 41 on the other, it is not a great and glorious triumph for the majority, now, is it! But whether the third reading bo car nod by the requisite number of votes or not, the same issue will be precipitated : to wit, an appeal to tlio country. Mark you ! not to the pUbiseitum, but to the electors at th? polling booths. The next general election, now close at hand, will be of infinite importance to the future interests of this community. Many and serious, questions will be determined by the* result of it. The Republic stands or falls-by the verdict that'will bo regis tered. . In view of which contingency every vote becomes of immense interest. Are Ripon and.' Hampden ready ? Will Yilliers and Heytesbury cast its vote for Joseph Jones, or some ob scure nominee of the " rnity Mi rams" and the Beform League ? You can better answer these quesions than I can. Of course, Jerry Dwyer's politiial goose is cooked, and Joseph Jones is to the fore for Yilliers and Heytesbury. Now, if. Joseph Jones should be returned, and if Ripon and Hampden should, at the general election, displace and replace Mr. Francis Lbngmore (of the Octopus sinilu) by such as a man as Air. Shaw, the balance of destiuy,nould almost cer tainly turn against Berryism, now and for evermore. Think of that, Master Brook! Did yon read the retort of the " Daily Telegraph" on the '! Age" for the latter's sneaking attempt at defending the Chief Secretary in the action'for slander ? That article gave immense satisfaction to many persons, I can tell you. People cut it out and paste it into their scrap-books or en the walls of the library, to be read over again and again. The punishment in flicted made Ananias fairly quail and shrink away. He did not attempt any rejoinder: nor will he. Ananias is muzzled. Mum ! The "Age" and the Chief Secretary are at feud on many points, chiefly in regard to'the plebiscitum. The ene Uesses, the other bans, that last expedient of a desperate cause. In fact, the "Age" has played the part of Balaam to the Chief Secretary's fialak, in this matter. " I called you to curse this people, and lo I tliou has blessed them altogether !" Only, with this difference, the original Balaam went aside from his instructions, nnder the force of irrepressible inspira tion ; whereas the sham Balaam's true and only motive was secret treachery: The whole story may come out some day, infulL . There is a rumor that the reserved £1,050 from the embassy money has been paid back into the Treasury. I cannot guarantee the truth of this statement, but all will be known in a day or two. Carlton men, who ought to know, tell me that Curtain has not the ghost of a chance against Munro. Curtain fences shabbily' with the Education question. I happen to know that his views are of the extreme Roman Catholic order, and that he gets his instructions on this and other questions from St. Francis's pres bytery. There has been a small racket within the Presbyterian body over the Broad Church "Review" question. Somehow, the "Argus".was caught in a trap in reference to that subject. It allowed an ar ticle to be printed in its leading columns, which went dead into the teeth of all the facts, and even of its own reports of the fact*. The sequel was, two authorr tative denials'of the accuracy of its state, ments from the pair of men in position, and two slashing articles in to-day's "Daily Telegraph" and "Southern Cross." Fray read both. These matter* are out side politics, but they have ? very deep importance .for large and influential sec tions of this community. 