A STRANGE STORY. Did I tell them of queer people and strange experience i Yes, indeed, did I. Can I recall them now? No—yes. One I remember, because it was the very most inexplicable affair that ever be fell—no, did not befall—but. that ever came to me " second-hand, almost as good as new." Found myself one day at a certain town with " no connection" till five of the aftor noon—a train that might make sixteen miles an hour with ninety-six miles to get over. Due on the platform at 7:30. That wouldn't do. So of course i had to have a " special." Place and time—Central Iowa, some years agw. Country, just ilat plain, not the rolling pra'rie lauu lying furthur west; no towns, few villages, fenceless, treeless; a speck of anything easily seen afar had any speck exis ted. Even the ties were without incident. One after another, one after another, all alike— same length, striking family resemblance, lying on the even ground without so much as a ditch at the side to break the mono tony. Nothing of interest without, bo I turned my eyes to inspect what might be found within. They are generally wide open when they are to look at machines or machinists. I have travelled behind engines, and on them by thousands, and have walked about and questioned and gazed and examined them pretty thoroughly, but always with fresh wonder and admiration. Strong as Titans, obedient as slaves, simple, complicated, helpful, merciless, beautiful, yet terrible. And I never look at them without wonder ing what manner of world this will be when some one learns how to utilize not 0110 hundred, nor fifty, but even fifteen per cent, of steam. As to their manipulators: Fools don't abound among them. a man needs brains and logic to be a good machinist. I like to watch a first-class one listen to an argument on a subject with which he may bo ever so unfamiliar. He sees the flaws and knows where the screws are loose, and the sequence is broken, and the point overlooked or bung ling'y made, belter, half the time, than the combatants though they be no mean ones. If a man knows a machine ho kuows how to argue from cause to effect stop by step of the way, and he isn't easily " bamboozled," and there's precious little " nonsence" about him. My engineer was one of the right sort. A clear-eyed, intelligent, wide-awake young fellow from New England—the last man in the world you would suspect of either drink or superstitious flimflams. He was explaining to me some of* the mechanism, when, with his right hand 011 the lover, he suddenly paused, threw himself half out of the little window, gazed amoment up the track, then turning away his head with his left hand thrust before it as though shutting out some awful vision, drove on. There was 110 mistaking the attitude and its meaning. " You have run over some one hero," said I. '• Yes—110—I don't know," he answered. His fireman seemed to notice neither ac tion nor answer. I gazed at both with amazement akin to horror. " Am I rushing through space forty miles an hour in the keeping of two madmen?" thought I. "Let us see." " You don't know?" " I don't wonder you look," said he, "and ask too. Will you kindly oblige me by tell ing if you saw anything off at the right?" " Nothing," said 1, " but open plain." "Nor ahead of us?" " Nothing but level track." " Nor behind us? Did you look back?" "Yes, I looked back. There was nothing but track and plain." " I knew it," said he, " knew it just as well before I asked as afterward, but couldn't help asking. Do you think that's queer?" " I think you are troubled. That is more to the purpose. Do you miud my asking what lias troubled you?" " Do 1 mind? Don't I just want to tell you and see what you can make of it;" and he drew his hand over his forehead and across his clear eyes as though "it" were a night mare that threatened to unmake him. "It beats me." " I wouldn't let it," smiling to cheer his distressed face. "You are too broad shouldered to stand that sort of treatment from anything," at .vhich he laughed a little, aud the fireman encouragingly remarked, •' You just pitch in, Ned;" andNed "pitched in." " As for a story—it isn't much of a story, you'll fay—but—well! You see as 1 was coming down the road the other day—a good two weeks ago, now— a road I've been over hundreds of times and know every foot of it, I saw, off there at the right, instead uf that pancake region, regular hilly country, wild and green- looking, plenty of trees, and among them, 011 top of a sort of ridgo, there was a shambling tavern painted red. " Jt was growing dusky, and I could see lights in the tavern, and hear loud voices laughing and crowing. Directly a fellow came plunging out of the door with his hat \ off, a flannel shirt unbuttoned at the throat, and one sleeve looso &nd; hanging, holding a whiskey-bottle. Ho leeled down the hill, atumbled and stumbled, struck ^ his f°°t against a log near the botiom, and pitched forward into the ditch and half across the " I saw what was coming, and had whistled down brakes and reversed the engine. The man could have got on to his feet easy enough if it hadn'tbeenfor his cursed whiskey-bottle; but he grabbed it, and held it up so as to save it, and couldn't get his balance of course without both hands, and so pitched forward again, this time flat across tlio rails and we went orer him. " It was all done in a minute, you see, and the train stopped, and I staring at Jiiu here, and ho at me. '"What did you do that for?' said Jim, 'jerking her up like that for nothing?' " 'My God! man, run over a human crea ture, and mash the brouth out of him, and ask what I stop the train for?| ' Run over a man!' cried Jim. ' Are you crazy or drunk?' but I didn't wait to answer. I streaked up the track to were the conduc tor was out, and the brakesmen, and the passengers all had their heads out of the windows, and Jim after mo, and everybody wanting to know what was the matter, and there—well! you know just as wellaa I, there was the open country and the track all flat as my hand, and nothing else near or far to be seen. " Drunk? No. I wasn't drunk. I don t drink—ever. And it happened just so?" turning to Jim. " Just—exactly—so," assented the sooty fireman. "Yea, just, exactly so," echoe'd the engineer "and just exactly so I've soen it .every day—and done it regular since then. And I can't stand it much longer. I've got to quit. Look at that?"—holding up his strong hand that was shaking in a way that didn't belong to its muscles, nor to the clear blue eyes that had no drink nor craze in them. " Maybe I can make a change with a friend of mine who wants to come west. Anyway, I'm going to get out of here, lively." 1 sat and pondered. " Do you believe me?'' said ho. " Believe you! Of course I do. I'm not a fool. 1 know when a man has truth in his face, and you've got truth in yours—voice, too, for that matter." Ho smiled and thrust out his grimy fist. " I'd like to sliako hands with you for that —if you don't caie." "But I do care," said I, smiling in turn. So we shook hands. " Can you explain it?" "No—no more than I can tell you how a flawer grows." We roaehod our destination and each went his and lior way, and so far as I know there was an end of mystery and explanation. Five years afterward I was in New Bruns wick aiming for the 10 o'clock train for Phila delphia. "Drawing-room car?" called I, as I rau down the long dark platform. "Drawing-room car this way!" was shouted from the rear blackness. " All, is it you, Miss Dickinson? Plenty of room to-night," as I scrambled in. About every official and employ^ on the road knows ine. So I turned to see with which conductor I was going over with, but did not recognise him. " You don't kuow me?" " No," said I, yet I found something familiar in face or voice. ''You are a new man?" " Yes," he answered. " Let me see! Let me see!" thought I. I don't like tobe thwarted. I always remember people's faces and always forget their names —] could forget my owr—" Who is ho? When, where did I ever travel with him?" "You were not a conductor when last I saw you before. I ain sure of that," I ven tured. He laughed at my puzzled face and an swered, " You're right there." All at once I placed liiin. " Ah!" cried I, " how's the ghost?" The man had a fine ruddy colour, but he turned pale at that—pale as this paper. " Why, you don't mean that anything did really ever come of it?" " Ye3, but I do." «' What?" " Well* I'll toll yon all in a breath—that's the best way, and 1 don't like talkiug about it. You kuow I wanted to get away? Yes. Well, I got ni3' transfer, came to the Phila delphia and Erio road, and my friend went West." " Maybe I didn't draw a long breath as I got under way that first day, aud thought I'd 1 left my bugaboo so far behind. Everything about me was so different from what I had Quitted, it made mo feel like a new man. You know the country the Philadelphia and ; Erie runs through?" " I know it. Beautiful, fresh and hilly, and full of streams, with a rough-looking 1 road and curving track." " Just so," he assented, and I went along it cheerful as acricket, looking at everything and full of interest till toward nightfall—and then—well!—1 shut my eyes aud drove ahead. What else could I do? But my fire man was dragging at the rope like mad, and cursing me, and the train was jarring aud jolting, and presently stopped." "What did you do that for?" paid I. " My God, man," cied he, " run over a human creature, and mash tile breath out of him, and then ask what r stop the train for are you drunk or crazy?" and he plunged off and I after him. " I didn't expect to see anything, but as I came up the road—off at the left—at the right, as you see, as the train ran—there was •a bit of a hill, aud a shambling old red tavern, with some lights shining on top of it, aud a ditch at the bottom, aud a lot of people with the conductor aud passengers gathered about something on the road, aud as I came up—thero was a inau with his hat off, and hisopen shirt, and the whiskey bottle in his hand, across, the track—dead."—Anna VickinsonsNcw Book. 