THEATRE ROYAL- MIL DAMPIER'K hhapiujat,... The ringing note of welcome wliVrii S15, , the Theatre Royal on Saturday nMu ?0lC Mr Dumpier once more fronted tbn f,„' u- I0" ns" Hamlet tho Dane," must have convinced him howglnd wo all were y ruburu vo wib nuono or ms torinor 1» During his nbscnuo Mr Daiupier ImA f13' opportunity of becoming familiar wit, ?" best Hamlets m America and KmrlntJi nft® knowledge has had its influence Ml Ti,li careful student, lie has bocome dcenlv R 4 tivc. Honour plays tho character w" ft' lights down. But what lie lias gained i temptation lie lias lost in impulw . Mn; without impulse, what is Hainlot '' q #l1" thing as Htirless as a resting wheel i,' appears to have weighed every word ho utC and to be bent upon giving every word it. i and proper emphasis. But the scholarS leads to coldness. Even in theeroat «,.i: P at tho end of the .second act, ' alone," accuracy usurped tlie place r,F ihL i ra mcnt. Tlie motive and the cue 1 m ?" which sway, the soul of 1 tainlet whcaT thinks aloud in this great scene were nr.fla-0 cicntly manifested. When alone, the ' Denmark gives full vent to his feelings M nurses and aggravates his woe. To i - ' ' the world is an unweeded garden ; tliin-lr,"f and gross in nature possess it merely q,V j® ing between the Past and the Future 'l- , , is not strong enough to face tiro Present- « i thus the revenge of his father's foul 3', unnatural murder becomes a tiling of a JJc rather than of design. Hamlet, as lCni-.lii r it, is propelled, rather than propelling m' this turn is given to the character wo can » tell; Mr Uampior's conteinplativeness well exhibited in the, famous aix.jtro, ,, "what a piece of work is a man ?" ;llt thinking, there is little to be said in tion of tho two new readings lie inD iluced. Shukspcre's iangiings is ''i; noble in reason! how infinite ia ' facultv r> Mr Lampior's version is, " How nobl-i reason how infinite!" Now, with alllC deference to the actor's acknowledged scholar ship, we venture to protest against this mil, derous punctuation. Man's reason is final" and the old question of J ob still waits for an answer, " Can'at thou, by searching, iimi , "J Cod?" The gate of Infinity cannot ha by mere Reason. Hamlet is a believer in li, bourne from which no traveller returns con science makes a coward of him ; tlie dread of something after death compels him to shudder and to pauso before he stains his ilaJj with blood. Reason is finite. (;Qj only is infinite.. Thero, was anothw innovation for which there is no warranty After tho grand climax, terminating in <qj apprehension how like a god I the beauty of the world ! the paragon of animals !" lEamlet with the weariness of a jaded and troubled spirit, says, "And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust ?" Mr Dampier sends the passage to tlie rightabout face, and cuts it mi thus And yet to me what is this! Quin. tessence of dust!" Mr Barry Sullivan still insists, we are told, of giving his old new reading, " When the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a heron — pshaw !" Mr Dampier we are sure, would never he guilty of a pieco o! out-heroding Herod like this, but liis love of new readingsmust notoutetrip recognised usage and tho true text in other directions. Following in the wako of Henry Irving, Mr Dampier luu tlie courage of pronouncing caviare as a word of four syllables. Ho lias. also done well in restoring Shnkespere's text in the scene lie- tween Hamlet and his two old schoolfellow), Roscncrantz and Guildenstern. This is sadly mutilated in tho acting edition of Shakespere. The cordiality of his reception of them con. trusted powerfully with the attitude and expression evinced when he discovers the picture of his father pendant from Cuilden. stern's neck. He knew tliem to be spies, lint the " picture in little " showed tliem to be capable of any meanness akin to worsliipjiing the rottenness of Denmark, hlr Dampier makes use of some singular emphases. Thus, in tlie soliloquy on lib irresolution, he says : — "The spirit I have seen may be 'the' devil." Why ho gives his Satanic Majesty such extreme definiteness, we fail to see. Again, in his discourse with Iforatic, where lie bids him watch tlie King during the performance of tho play before the court, he read the well-known line, "evon with the comment of thy soul observe my uncle, "as if it were written " even with the comment of 'myj soul," &c.; The substitution of "my" for "thy" was a mistake, and the emphasis a blunder. There was another innovation, namely thnt of reading, from the M.S.3. iu his hand, the words made uso of by Lucinmis just before lie pours tho poison into the ear of tho sleeping king. It marred the action of the play, and grated un- pleasantly upon the car. The subsequent Bcene, where tho players enter with the re corders, was gone through with great taste and judgment. The passage ending with, " Cull me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, vot you cannot play upjii me," was splendidlyrendered, and calleilfortli a burst of applause. Mr Dampier also gave the house a good tasto of his quality in the closet scene with Queen Gertrude, hut lie missed what has always, appeared to us tlie great point of it, in lib mode of interpreting; the interrogation, "'Is' it the King V" just after the stabbing of Polonim. The emphasis should be on the word'Te." Hamlet means to say, "Havo I really done it ? 'Is' it the King ?" It should never lie for gotten by the actor that Hamlet, at the ond of the tragedy, kills the King more by accident than by design. . He novor planned it. It win done on the spur of tho moment. It war forged on the anvil of impulse. There were two innovations to which we can givo lieartj commendation. The drowned Ophelia i< placed upon a bier," nnd within view. For > moment we were awed and melted as wt gazed upon the corpse. The manner in which this scene was carried out was fullof poetry. Iln other novelty remindedlus of Fecliter. When lie produced Hamlet at his own theatre, lie made the time of the churchyard scene that of a brilliant sunset. Mr Dampier gives us a sylvan twilight, and reaches the rapture of repose. His converse with the gravedigger was very natural, and quito in keeping with the surrounding assoeintions. Equally deserving of commendation was liis acting at tlie gra« of Ophelia. Ho made you feel that forty thousand brothers, with all their quantity of love, could not make up his sum. From this point up to "the rest is silence, " Mr Dampier had tho house with him. He was recalled at the ond of each act. Of the new actress, Miss Ada Lester, we will speak on another occasion. Sho lias yet to got tlie measure ol tho acoustic properties of the Royal. Mr Carey played the part of the Ghost very well. haziness surronnding tho buried majesty et Denmark at a more removed part of the plat" form was capitally conceived and snccessuuq carriod out. Mr Seftou enacted the part0' Claudius, nnd was the most unregal looking and talking stage personage we ever saw. Characters of this kind are quite out of im line. Tho Horatio of Mr Gladstone was a pain staking performance. Polonius foundagoml re presentative in Mr Stuart O'Brien. The fainoiw advice to his son was given with good euiplia"' and discretion ; Laertes found a most capa representative in Mr Appleton. As tlie Grave- digger, Mr Greville loft nothing to be ilcsmou. There is a grave humor impart 1 everything lie says, which uivw< tho scene with great interest. l"' other parts were fairly filled. Hamlet .wu w repeated to- night. On Tuesday Mr Damp'" will play the leading role in tho Courier Lyons. 