THE 3$Ch00h $JtrJ&jertis5n; " This Is true liberty, wheu freoborn men, Kavioe to advise the public, may speak free." Milton WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1879. The affections clustering round the time-honoured, customs which prevail in every Christian community at Christmastide, have made that season of the year one to be looked forward to with pleasure. Imbued in earliest infancy with the knowledge that the Son of Man came upon earth to re generate mankind, and ever taught to look up to Him as the most perfect, it is not to be wondered at that wo revora "fifiR. - <pu® -wnuivor sary of incidents connected with our every day life is looked upon as some thing to be noted, and upon which our thoughts ought to dwell for a short space of time. How much more then, ought we to pause and contemplate the anniversary of the birthday of Him who brought "gladtidings to all men ?" Christmas, or the festival of the birth of Christ, according to a generally admitted opinion, was not observed in Western Europe till the fifteenth century. Annually, on the 25th day of December, the Bomans had held their feast in honour of Sol, tho Gt-od of Light. This great feast day, then, was selected by the Chris tian fathers as that upon which the great Christian festival of the celebra tion of the birth of the " Lord and giver of Life" should bo honoured. Thus it came about that the day fixed, which, has been handed down to pos. terity, falls upon the 25th day of the last month in the year. The good policy thus Bhown by the early Chris tian Church has in succeeding years been proven to be of incalculable good. Christian people of all races now look forward to Christmas Day with feelings of delight and pleasure. There is something in tho very word " Christmas" that will ever make it dear to the hearts of a British people —from the peer of tho realm to tho meanest subject of the ompire—who have always made the festival of that time a season of rejoicing. It matters not, whether in sunny Australia or in the land of our forefathers, still it is celebrated with equal mirth and joy. It is a season in which families, who, have been separated during thfv<-'ear' love to meet and ra^te In the pleasures of byfp|e years. Can not every one i£ tl'ie community call to his momory Somo happy reminiscence of Stoistmas Day ? It recalls to minds, now past the meridian of life, the feelings of joy which actuated them in happy youth, and carries the thoughts back to the birthplace ever remembered, but long absent from view. Christmas reflection, on the other hand, may produce a pang of sorrow, which, however, the very seasou should dispel; and, should carking care have crept in, the joy of thoBe around should banish it, and inspire all with hope, and bid the dis pirited rejoice. Misfortune may have fallen to the lot of some of us, but nothing seems to be too overpowering to the spirits, when the great festival of the year is remembered. Dark and drear as a future may appear, amidst its shadows, Christmas bids us look up, and far on the distant horizon may be seen the bright star of hope " bringing tidings of great joy." Many things reminding us of home may recall a mother's tear shed for one, now 110 more, but who used to meet in the family circle and partake of the jollify of the goodold time. Perchance,that gentle hand which administered to our comfortB in boyhood's days iB now laid low, covored with the clods of the valley. Brothers and sisters, whoso custom it was to meet around homo's welcome hearth at Christmas, are now perhaps separated and scattered to the four corners of the earth, thousands and tens of thousands of miles between them. In the midst of such feelings, which will irresistibly arise in our happiest moments, let not the mind ;ive way to thorn. Truly, tho iin nortal Shelley was right when ho vroto— Ve look before ami after, and pi no for what i3 not, )ur sinccrcst laughter with sorno pain is fraught, )ur sweetest aongs nro those that tell of saddest thought. rhero is something ill tho word Christ jiiis that invigorates the mind, fills it with hope, and soothes our afflictions, [fc revives in our memories all the principal episodes of our lives, and jauses events to flash upon our minds which have lain hidden, may ho, for years. Like a shadow before our eyes gleams tho ghost of the past; and, as " thoughts come and go," the future rising before us leads to the reflec tion—what may bo our lot before another Christuiastido comes rounds At this timo of tho year resolutions are formed, which, alas ! in too many instances, arc not carried into effec"; but, unsullied and undefaced with blo:s and scars, as the faco of the coming year now appears, may it so appoir wliou it is a thing of tho past. Tie freshness of life seems to begin ano.v, and in this strain of thought all io joice. The purpose of tho festivalis gained, and no codo of reasoning or philosophy could point out a superiir method of thus sustaining it. In tie present season tho inhabitants of tie district havo reason to bo thankful ;o an all-wise Providence, who has filled our granaries to overflowing, and Ins given abundance of the herbs of the field. In such a time may all rejoije, and look forward to an increasing prosperity. Let all cheerfully resolve to drive dull care away, wishing cacli other—A Merry Christmas asji a Happy New Year. The Government have placed a sum of money upon the Estimates for immigration purposes. Directly the fact becomes known a number of would-be politicians take to tho stump and declarc that immigrants are not required; there are plenty of williog hands in the colony, in fact moro than are required. Petitions signed by numbers of unemployed are presented to tho Colonial- Secretary poiuting out that there is not sufficient work being carried on to support the labouring classes already in tlie colouy. And, of course, tho Government havo to look the matter in the face and see if such be the case or otherwise* In a colony like New South Wales, and at auch a season of the year, it would blanch with fear the strongest heart wero such proven to be a fact. Hundreds of men unemployed looking for daily bread, and unable to procure it I What a calamitous state of things! But; tho matter has to bo enquired into; and it trau spires that though thero arc hundreds of signatures and addresses to the petitions, yet there are not hundreds of pooplo to be found answering to tho names, or residences answer* ing to tho descriptions. Aud such is really tho case. Shame upon those who so work on the credulity of tho masses. News papers containing those fallacies are sont out of tho colony, and no doubt deter many bona* fide settlers from coming to our shores. What a blow to these alarmists must havo been the statement made by Sir Henry Parkes in tho Assembly last Thurs day night. Ho had instructed the polico to report as to tho genuineness of tho signatures of the men out of employment. And on whole pages of that report he found tin* words "cannot bo found " or "not Anown." Bather be it a credit to tho colony that at this Christmas time of 1S79 tlw iahflbitanta arc, on the whole, woll-to-do, and/as a rule uninfluenced by those who wouUUullyits fair fame and brand it as a poverty-stricken country. _ 