What the Real Hamlet was Like Hamlet, if he ever lived at all, lived deep in* the heroic ages of Denmark. He went about in a kirtle of wadmal, coloured scarlet, or some other bright hue ; he hnJ long hose, formed of bands of linen, or some such substance that crossed and recrossed each other. He wore a ' byrnie' round his manly breast, he had an axe at his back, a long spear, probably barbed, in his hand, and a short swora girdled about his waist. His hair was long, and he went to regular family ' head washings.' In Polonius'a household Ophelia possibly acted as hairdresser. He had a pointed cap on his head, and altogether he M'as a very martial and terrible figure. As to his education, of courso he never went to Wittenberg ; all that is only a piece of Shokspeare's ordinary license. If he had wished to send a note to Ophelia, ho would have notched it in little nicks on a squared wand of wood. When he courted her, lie would have hung about her father's hearth, and Laertes, as the sagas shoMr, M-ould have kept a stern eye on him, and seen to it that his intentions were serious. 'What applies to Hamlet applies, of course, to all tho other characters. The King must wear thoso immensely long moustaches which were the pride of the hardy Norsemen. Tho duel, or rather the fenc ing bout at tho close, must be fought with axes or with short swords, which also made sharp work, and would not have permitted tho mistake about the foils. As for poor Ophelia, shards and flints would have been cast on her in good earnest if she lived, as is likely, in heathen times, when Christian burial was as little known us 'crownor's law.' Tho Danish ghosts were as rough and ready aB tho Danish men, and, if they had injuries to avenge, did not delegate the work to others. The Ghost would have ' gone for' the King, and Hamlet's delicate feelings would have been spared, but of course the real, historical, or legendary Hamlet would have .hud no delicate feelings. His short sword would liave leaped from its sheath to avenge his father — he would have made the King's head spin on tho floor, whether he were at his prayers or not. If there was a duty about which he could have no possible doubt, it was the duty of revenge. Then, in addition to the difference of morals between Shakspcarc's and the real Danes, there is the difference of details of daily life. Might he put on the stage the old Diinisli hall, with men's doors, and M-omcn's doors, with Osric and the rest each sitting at his own little table, with tho King on the central ' high seat' and tho Queen beside him, with the settles of tho yeomen, the small tablo for the mead-bowl, tho carved wainscots, the spears, hills, and axes hanging on the wall. Nothing could be more eoirect, nothing more unlike tho scene and the peoplo as Sliukspcaro conceived of them. — Daily Is cues. 