[?] Afloat and Ashore. A RUSSO-AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. By George Gordon M'Crae, author of 'The Man in the Iron Mask,' &e.;, &c.; I [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXXVI.—' C-eltjm non Animam.' She is sitting under the shadow of a widely-spreading lime-tree in the Champs Elysees. Her parasol lies on the emerald green grass at her feet, and she has an open book in her lap. There is no mistaking the features; doubly less is the chance of mistake where the onlooker has both loved and hated thc obiectof his vision. He is dressed in the airy summery costume affected by men of fashion out of uniform ; and as Virginie has never seen him hitherto, save in his naval dress, he is close ud to her before she begins to realise his identity ; besides, she had thought of him as with her beloved Oginski braving the eternal 6nows of a pitiless Alaskan winter. Yet, as the form approaches, something causes her to frmonner all over. She pulls herself together and begins to cast about for some means of defence: nor, as it turns out, are these far absent. He approaches with perfect politeness and an upraised hat — the air decidedly that of a man of breeding ; but there is, along with this, an air of a man of breeding with something sinister in his composition. *' The last time I had the honour of addressing you, mademoiselle, we were drawn together somehow on a little sunbrnnt African rock in the Atlantic. .... Mademoiselle was at that time needlessly incensed against me; which, making due allowance for an African climate, is just such a thing as one could wish forgotten and buried now we have changed our latitude.''. ' It is unnecessary, monsieur,' said Virginie, with spirit, ' to recall the circumstances under which we last met. Go ! Monsieur. Apply this short translation from Horace, which is quoted on the open page of the novel before me ' Those who cross the seas change their sky, not their souls.' Apply this, I repeat, in your case and my own. I see we understand each other. Good day ! '' Raising his hat again, but this time with a politeness wholly feigned, he beat a rapid retreat. As 'soon as he was gone, her head began, as usual, to accuse and upbraid her heart. ' Impulsive as ever, why all this haste? — this sudden retributive justice? Couldst thou not have adroitly won from him some clue as to Oginski — perhaps his latest history aud most recent aspect?' But the heart — which, to tell the truth, was a really brave little heart, and never used any other protection, whether against the darts of fortune or of malice, but the shield of truth — exclaimed, ' No ! I have done what I considered best, and I have done it quickly, too. Never again, if I can help it, shall that creature exchange another word with me.' Virginie had still one' advantage left, though it did not occur to her at that particular moment. Wenceslas would be sure to find out Fauchon— may be at one or other of the theatres, or when on an errand to the Halles, or strolling along the Boule vards, or at church. He would then speak to Fauchon about Oginski, and tell her he was dying for her to name the day for their marriage, and much other nonsense besides. And then Fauchon, out of a sense of love and duty, would hear all that Wenceslas had to say respecting the object of his hate. And so it came to pass in this very way, and only a few days later. Fauchon stands in tho skirts of an immense laughing, talking, and smoking- crowd at the cmbarcadire of the Lyons and Marseilles railway. A regiment of Chasseurs-a-pied (the VI.) has just been played down to the station by the band of the XV. Voltigeurs, and they have inet clambc™? in, man after man, with their muskets in intn ^h long string of carriages prepared for their trLnS? Embraces are no longer ! possible, but friend can still orf friend by the hand over the ledges of open window/ warmly and hngenngly, in the boding yet hopeful cla*n farewell affection. e ol Fauchon's arm is round the waist of another vonnn woman, and both are regarding one particular camace witfc bright because tear-swimming eyes. Leaning out of th window is another Fauchon in uniform, but this Pauo.lin wears a neat little curling black moustache, and a sinUl epaulette. This young sous-officer is the man by whnm (used as a par example) mademoiselle had fixed the rmit;™! of M. Mouravieff, of the Barmecide, as an officer Mid a gentleman. Hands, hats, and shakos, are waved handkpi chiefs displayed here and there, an there is a huge wreath round the chimney of the locomotive, typical, doubtless of La Gloire and the laurels to be won in Algeria ; also affixed -to the same chimney, is an arrow— straight little staff' whP™- flutters proudly the national tricolor. Who shall gravely sit down, pen in hand, to describe all the tears, the mirth, the laughter, the blasphemies and tho heartache of that departure better than we leave it to th imagination? e The band of the Voltigeurs strikes up ' Partant pour la Syrie.' The occupants of thetrain wavetheir shakos from the windows with deafening cries of Five la France and Vive VEmpereur , which the crowded etnbarcadere takes un with all its thousand tongues. There is one, wild piercW eldritch shriek from the locomotive — a snort—a puff— con- tinuous puffs with wreathes and jets of white cloud and the Marseilles train rolls along, carrying with it the second battalion of his Imperial Majesty's VI. Regiment of Chasseurs-a- pied. It is round the corner, and beginnine ?already to take up the straight running. The battalion has the route for Algeria ; heads out at every window, some bare, others in jaunty-looking shakos ? faces protruded, some of these with pipes or cigars between the lips ; some again, of which you see neither chin nor lips, for the supporting and reflective hands that covpr lower part of the face. Fauchon and her bclle-soeur that-is-to-be cannot get nigh on account of the crush, but they wave their hands silently, and in that silence lies the pathos of unwritten volumes. Wenceslas, a flaneur about Paris at this time had been long on the embarcadcre watching the departure of the soldiers. The sight of Fauchon in the crowd puts him on his mettle ; he will waylay his old Porto Praya friend, and through her punish Virginie. But Mr. 'VVeri- ceslas perceives that. Fauchon is not alone; a well-dressed young man walks beside her down the newly asphalted trottoir, and Fauchon holds her sorrowful little belk-soeur -hat-is-to-be by the hand. The well-dressed young man is another brother of Fauchon's. It does not suit Mr. Wenceslas's purpose to see her to-day ; so, pulling Ids hat over his eyes, he escapes to one side, and Fauchon passes without recognising him. Chapter XXXVII.— Fatjchon. At last, one day, as he has been strolling through the - the Halles, he comes out upon the open door of St. Eustache, and there is Fanchon coming out lien proprc, looking so calm, so pure, so pretty, as he has never seen her before. She trips across the street. He stands at the corner to waylay her as she advances, with a grace that .is unstudied, and all-beautiful. It occurs to him (it is of Wenceslas we are speaking), to ask himself a question, whether he is not really, after all, positively in love with Fauchon insteadof with Virginie. His purpose with which he started was to go through a marriage with Fauchon to spite Virginie, and now he stands with his mind wavering like a finely-adjusted balance. For the moment, so to sneak, the Virginie scale kicks the beam, aud Fauchon gravitates into her proper place in his affections (such as they are). This man's mind, heart, and disposition are all incom prehensible. The heart of any man or woman — who shall read it, or who shall be accountable for its vagaries ? Not a Mephistopheles ; he is neither lank, ill-favoured, nor malign. There is much in the fellpw that would take any high-born lady's fancy ; so let us not be hard on Fauchon, if, coming out happy, free, and hopeful from the sanctuary, with light in ner eyes and peace on her beautiful lips, she does not almost fly to meet him. She knows from her mistress of his presence in Paris, and now she actually sees him her joy knows no bounds. She knows Virginie's dislike to Wenceslas, and she has received her caution respecting him ; but here — here before her in her own Paris — stands the man to whom she has committed, her heart for its safe keeping, and she is irresistibly prompted to be near him again, and once more consequently at his side. Self-indulgence, laziness, and a certain, or rather uncer tain, absence of scruple — these are his failings. Suppose these all innate, and we may well pause ere we absolutely condemn ; in any case he must not be too heavily handi capped in the race of rectitude, for he has never yet been entered that he was not scratched. He has no victories to show. She explains many things that have occurred since they last met at Porto Praya — things domestic or personal, chiefly to Virginie and herself. Wenceslas listens mechani cally, and with a bored expression, but she soon has him where he not only professes but exhibits a 6ort of interest in her relation. ' What did you do with the picture, monsieur?' 'Call me Alexandre, if only as an exhibition of welcome to your beautiful France.' 'Well, Alexandre — (it shall always henceforth bo Alexandre, shallitnot?). It was.the picture we were speak ing about last. My mistress reproached me terribly when she found that I had given it to thee. But added I to what went before, ' Mr. Wenceslas is to hand it to Mr. Oginski safely. I should not (said I) have handed it to him unless I had known that I could trust him absolutely.' 4 Ah, Fauchon,' cried she, ' I see. it all at a glance, my girl. Mr. Wenceslas is not the friend; but the enemy of Mr. Oginski,. and may yet use this portrait to his harm and to mine. Ah . unhappy girl that you are, why did you not leave it where ?you found it ?' Then I replied to mademoiselle, 4 1 know M. Wenceslas for a gentleman of honour ; he will not keep1 the other gentleman's picture, but will restore it to him directly he goes on board.' But my mistress fell to crying, and it was terrible to witness her grief. I did all I could to console her, but when we sat out together on the crest or the hill above the Battery Bluff, and saw thy vessel ana thee, and thy great love, all vanishing in blue mist, 1 couia contain myself no longer — I also wept. But I comiortea my mistress as we returned to Dom Michael s. ine picture, dear lady, said I, is safe on board the Barmecide, and the brave gentleman that owns it has by thiB time restored the lady to the nail on which she used to hang on his cabin wall.' It was not well done of me neither, i was sorry ; for I said, ' This gentleman, having now tne first face before him, may now, like any other _sau°r, j cruelly forget the second. 'Fauchon!' cried my mistres, i ' Do I look like a woman likely to be forgotten . 'Doubtless no, mademoiselle, but the gentleman mig make the sacrifice ; he appears to me over-Bcrupulous some matters.' She always lamented what she cll?se consider as the loss of this picture. 4 Fauchon, f8,1' one day, with a look as if a new light had broken m upo her mind (but it was only one of her wilder fancies), Jt y judgment is not warped, that portrait is on board Jean, of Bordeaux, where the shipwrecked Italians are, not on board the Barmecide at all.' ' . ? . ' And faith. Fauchon,' cries Wenceslas, now 1 g1 your mistress credit for real and ready wit.' ^oil(lnl 44 You never sent it away in the j ean ? Ah, Ale. - How couldst thou be so unprincipled 'r ' , ' Only a joke, my dearest. Oginski was always a ite butt of mine, so I sent it home all the way to ot, burg, like an honest man as I was, to the fair origin to let her see how safely and how jealously o ^Ah^but this^was a terrible liberty ; and Mr. when he finds it out, will travel over the globe to thee, and shoot thee, my Alexandre.' . _ T m ' Bah ! he is tied to the navy ; and as for me, i henceforth a free man. I resigned the profession a swore the sea. I have enough to live on, next speculation is certain to bring me wealth. n - y ?- 44 But wilt thou ever be proof ^ zjfl ^nr He can look terrible sometimes. He fnghtenedy mistress into a fainting fit one day gr^t blim J'ij. low that he was. He might have married her if o I feel sure of that, quite sure.' far But Wenceslas, not listening, or only apparently , w«» '' Kfimewhere In cloudland, and marched along1 the ***$ ys sweetheart; like a somnambulist. As he ''vrJfrom hie other world, or the remoter part of this in * vvthiB soul travelled, Fauchon spoke - * »» The other side of the river, mind. Yon go down by v rviflmD de Mars, which you leave on your left, then the Pont de Jena. Yon go into the Rue des Batailles to your left in the direction of Passy, then, on the or right hand side, at Numero qnatre vingt neuf . iP1?mademoiflellemuflt not see thee, my Alexandre.' «f NnnieH) quatre vingt neuf, Rue des Batailles, on the road ' Wenceslas repeated ; ' then au revoir, ma chere,' and raising his hat with the most UT\t air in the world, this lover- whether-he-would-or- oturned a comer and was out of sight almost directly. Chapter XXXVIII.— The Avenging Angel, a ladv living at Numero quatre vingt neuf, Rue des Tuiie/ on the Passy road, has had the misfortune to lose Aekevof her wardrobe. Every key in the house at all iWv tofit has been tried; the next-door neighbours on ^her h°'a have been appealed to fruitlessly ; and now the f^r jjgpatches her maid to a locksmith with instructions thrine a workman back with her. This person is to pick d take off the lock, and then to fit it with a proper key. a lane running at right angles with the Rue des Batailles and a little nearer the river, she finds the work up to which she has been directed by her friend the maid ^I'middk^aged man, or rather a man whose youth has heen suddenly checked— much like a young tree rudely tjansplanted, and which has never taken to the rough soil in which it finds itself— presents himself. His cheeks are withered and pale, his eyes downcast ; he has a browbeaten look and a down-at-heel aspect that haunts one for hours. It is not the face of a roue, furrowed with the plough of the passions, or of a man from the lazar-house, nor does it vrearthe expression of a face from the galleys. It is the trace of a great sorrow that the maid reads on this pre maturely lined but handsome countenance. Browbeaten, ill-used, disappointed, he does not appear likely to be any thing but cross ; nevertheless, he rises from his bench, and, answering her civilly, takes a few tools rolled up in a piece of leather and accompanies the maid up the street to .Numero 89. whence she started. They are let in together, she and this journeyman lock smith or engineer, or whatever he may call himself ; and soon the young man is ushered into the apartment where f^nris the refractory piece of furniture that refuses to give up its treasure. The lady is in the drawing- room, but the maid who has conducted the workman remains watching him picking the lock with a thing like a crooked awl ; and when the door swings open again she still waits as he produces a little screw-driver from the leather roll-up case and detaches tho lock. He has a big bunch of keys in the pocket of his apron, and as he tries these one after the other she draws bim into conversation in spite of himself. u It does not seem, then, so very hard to pick a lock.' « No, mademoiselle, by no means ; that is, once you have a little practice.' ' Nor to unscrew one and take it off neither.' ' No ; that is much easier even.' ' Do you often pick locks ? ' ' No, net very often. This one has something wrong with it. Probably mademoiselle, in an excess of impatience, has used force.' 'I dare ^say — yes; I was quite in a passion with it. Mv mistress had promised me something that was in it, ancl I wanted it at once, for a friend that I know as well as 1 know myself, to give her on her wedding-day, and the key got lost just out of spite— wasn't it provoking ?— and I used a wrong one. But — pardon, monsieur — you will not think it rude in me to remark that ring of blue round your finger?' ' No, certainly not. It is a ring 1 can never lose — given to me, or rather marked thus by a f riened who was a sailor. (1 think this key about the size — yes.) ' 'Ah ! I have seen such marks before among the sailors ; but even there I don't like the idea, because it always re minds one of what one hears of the formats of Brest and Toulon.' . ' Where did mademoiselle see this kind of decoration among sailors?' . 'In a most odd plane — on a gentleman's arm. It was when I was in the Cape Verd Islands with my mistress. We were at a picnic in the hills, and something fell into a spring or well, I remember. Tne gentleman turned up his sleeve; his hands were beautifully brown, but he had arms like a lady's. One of these handsome white arms he thru st down into the little spring and brought up the trinket in his fingers. Then we saw — what indeed it had been hard not to have seen — a crest and motto over a very nea anchor.' 'What were they, mademoiselle,' said the sad-eyed man,'' that they struck you as beautiful ? ' ' The motto I quite forget, but the device was a serpent, in three waves, with a coronet ever it. He told my mistress laughingly that it was not the mark of a format, but his family crest, and that it was put there .by a very dear friend. Something turned the conversation, and this sub ject was never resumed. However, I have often thought since of the beauty of that design, and how well it looked, the beautiful blue curving lines seeming too move under the milk-white skin.' ' You seem, mademoiselle,' said the workman, trying another key, ' to admire the mark for the sake of the wearer.' ' Not I. If I had admired any one of that company, or anything of his for his sake, it would have been the other gentleman, his companion. They were Russians, these both, and officers of a frigate called the Barmecide ; but you, who live all your days among wheels and lathes, and hammers and files, will only understand the sea and ships and travel from books.' *'Yes, mademoiselle,' said the faded-looking young smith, with a sigh ; ' the life I lead is a very confined one. If 1 manage of a Sunday afternoon to climb the Trocadero, I think much of it ; but if I cross the Pont de Jena and get over the Champ de Mars, I feel as if I were a great traveller. — And you liked the sea, mademoiselle ? ' ' On the contrary, I hated it ; but it is a good two years *go, and I forget now nearly all about it. Of course, I remember names; there were lots of odd names, but I remember there was Captain Platoff and Mr. Wenceslas and Mr. Oginski.' The Smith, having now fixed on a key and discovered the exact injury the lock had sustained, rolled up his little instrument- case and put it in the pocket of his leather apron. He seemed weak in the chest, and 6ighed again — -®e of .those sighs that escape naturally — the result of weakness. He took his little canvas cap in his hand, and, saluting the maid, more pleasantly than when she first spoke, took his departure. * * * * * * * Two days after the affair of the wardrobe lock this young ?080 issued in the evening from the workshop of his em ployer; his apron is on, for he' only goes out to a neigh oouriug esiamMei to slake his thirst. He drags himself along with the same worn and weary face as ever, and, entering atthe door of the little tavern, he mingles with a -®owd of men, some smutty-faced, some with smirches of Mack on their brawny arms — all hilarious, more or less, and ? whom a flood of talk is let loose — French talk, rapid, gub, and exclamatory. The atmosphere is one blue cloud. t ®J°ke short pipes, except a few, who twist up some ?'&tekia; in little spills of tissue-paper. The ordinaire is good and plentiful. 'Some stand and enjoy it at the emptoir, conversing with each other and a few stray soldiers who have dropped in ; others sit at little round wbles in pairs, and indulge in semi-private talk and en ?Jp 7 Public gesticulation; while others, again, silent as ?lorks, sit playing dominoes, with their wine on the tables Reside them. Our melancholy 'i«n leans over the counter en his folded arms ; he hn« a short wooden pipe between u a glAss ordinaire at his elbow. ? It happens ™M he hag a corner place, where he is in nobody's way — * solitary being in a crowd, and so posed as to attract o one's attention. One is making a speech, full of fan- ! larronade _ and vulgar humour, to an admiring crowd; j 'Mother mimics a popular actor ; this one hums a stave of a j ?®g- that embraces a pion-pion, and tells him, with tears ; f® eyes, that all France regards him and his destinies. J A man of really superior air and well dressed enters the ; , He has been, apparently, at other estaminets r^y, for hisstep is unsteady, bin eyes a ce unnaturally ; nil i j' ke talks faster and with less prudence than one ma ^8efve among strangers. His head, or what re ®«uiib of hie thinking powers, runs on a love-affair, which he will confide to no one, but reveals nevertheless with the Utmost stupidity and carelessness to the. little world around. The story of the African ostrich Miig its head in a bush, and deeming its body therefere invisible to the hunter, here finds an apt illustration for the millionth time. Is it the story delivered with $uch vinous fervour, or the manner of it, oris it that the characters of the story are known to him, or what ? But look at the sad-eyed smith, mumbling hi6 wooden pipe between his teeth, and turning his glass round and round on its foot, as if he were slowly screwing it into the counter. His eyes brighten with intelligence; the lines (some of them at least) smooth themselves out of his face, and he assumes involuntarily a look and attitude of the intensest interest. He is just as a child with its attention fixed on something beautiful and long desired now almost within its reach. And what is the something, 80 potent to fire his lack-lustre eye, nerve his arm, and awaken all the soul under the ribs of this living death ? It must needs be something immeasurably sweet to the imagi nation. Our resurrected man makes a sign to the man who serves the wine, and has his glass replenished forth with. He drinks it off with the rapt look in the eye of one who drinks a toast, and silently, to the one he loves best. He sets down his glass and his pipe, and falls unheeded among the sawdust'on the floor. He still remains in his corner, but varies his position a little, for he now turns his back to the counter and leans against it. There is much confused talk and chatter and laughter going on, and the man with the love-story and his am bushed listener are so much part of the crowd that no one takes the trouble to individualise them. The well-dressed man (that is the man with the story) is 6tout, swarthy, and btavy-eyed. He has beautiful brown hands with dimples for knuckles, and wears one plain ring in excellent taste. His companion with whom he entered is a Frenchman of the Chateau Renaud type, dark,;bullet-headed, close-cropped, with malign little dark dancing eyes. He is just being bidden to a marriage feast (so far has the love-story pro gressed already) : it is to be held on Tuesday at a house on the Quai de Billy, after which the happy couple go to spend a few days at Sevres, whereja friend will lend them a cot tage. He pulls out a card with the address, reads it aloud twice over, and hands it to Chateau Renaud, who pockets it with a shark-like grin. After this little transaction is over, Chateau Renaud gives his friend just one more petit-verre to make all right, and both sucking away at their white cigaietes make their way out into the street. Nor is our sad-eyed friend far behind, but he does not follow them far. Numero cinq, Quai de Billy— this is engraven in his memory ; also another address, that set him thinking tbis was numero quatre vingt neuf, Rue des Batailles : he has acquired these, and it is enough for the present. He returns to his master's, takes his stand again at his bench, and files away at his brasses, looking, for the first time for months, like a being with a purpose in living. Day by day he improves ; there is a faint colour in his cheek ; he whistles over his work, and is more acceptable to his fellows than formerly. He takes his half litre a day of ordinaire as a regular thing now, and not as an occasional treat. But the man who had given light to his eyes, and elasticity to his bowed figure, came no more to drink at M. Brunei's little estaminet. He was not in the least of the ouvrier type. His presence had been accidental. Most probably he had uttered a vehement wish for something more to drink, and the Chateau Renaud man had said, ' Well then, this way, M'sieu. Brunet'8 a very respectable place, but humble; they are chiefly people of the workman order that frequent it and the well-dressed man, nearly full of wine already, and something that either was, or simulated love besides, had instantly agreed. This theory, perhaps, is as near the truth as one can well guess. ****** ' The day of the wedding is fixed for Tuesday next,' thought oui- workman, with his two hands clasped together as if in consultation with each other under his leathern apron. To-night he is pretty sure to visit her, wherever she may be — most likely in the Rue Batailles — and I may chance to see him either going in or coming out of the house. I shall go home and rest.' It was half-holiday with our man, and he took his way to a meagre and poorly furnished lodging in the rez-de-chaussee of a tall, narrow, grey house of four stories. Once in, he flung himself on his narrow bed. Thc moon is out over Paris by the time he wakes ; and what city is gayer or more enchanting than Paris under a broad and peaceful full moon? Moonlight bathing the roofs, the domes, the towers, pediments, and pillars in liquid silver, the windows mellow with an orange light, ? lighted up in endless rows along the Boulevards. Tho Seine reflects the lamplight and the moonlight, and it is the only case in which it is not a case of violence to the heraldry of nature to charge metal upon metal, gold upon silver. The shops are ablaze with light, and the windows are gor geous with colour. So are the trottoirs , which are resplen dent alike with uniforms and other gay costumes. Car riages roll along gently, and the sound of the horses' feet has something inspiriting in it. There is music in the air : the crowd moves gaily in all directions ; the hum and whirl of happy life is everywhere. As the workman had predicted to himself, the expectant bridegroom did go to numero quatre vingt neuf, and was admitted. He remained a considerable time within, the workman meanwhile walking up and down slowly, so as to give no cause of offence te the terrible sergen de ville, whose beat was along the Rue des Batailles. At last he con ceived that patiefice was about to meet her just reward ; but the bride-elect, or whoever it may have been, came out for one more farewell after the first ; and then, after retreat ing into the house, yet another time for a third. On this occasion, he was very close to the couple as he was passing the house. What he saw was this : — A stout, well-built man, with an elegant-looking little woman in his arms. The man, as he held her clasped to his breast under the light of the moon, turned his head momentarily over his shoulder, and, seeing himself or fancying himself watched, called out in a loud voice. The workman at once ap proached. ' And who are you, and what are you, that you lurk about people's houses like a motichard ? Am I a ' sus pect,' or a thief, or a rogue, or what ? Everybody knows me in this respectable house, and if this lady was not present vou should soon feel the weight of my arm— no trifle, I assure you. But get in, get in, ma chere. Till to-morrow, then, Adieu.' 'Pardon, mademoiselle,' cries the workman, advancing; ' you must not marry this person here ; he has a wife and family already.' 'Liar that you are!' cries the stout man. 'Thief- scoundrel — calumniator ! ' — as he rushes in upon the work man, but he, slipping aside, manages adroitly to elude him, and the prospective bridegroom measures his length on the trottoir. He is up again in a twinkling, and gives chase. The workman is poorly fed, and not strong; so he wisely resorts to stratagem, and allows the bigger and heavier man to gain upon him ; dodges up dark alleys, waits, then darts forth again, heading for the river — the maddened gentleman still in hot pursuit. At length he gains the Pont de Jena, and climbs out on the parapet, unobserved even by the passers-by. If so, he is, perhaps, taken for a man who is about to effect some repair in one of the lamps. _ Soon the stout figure in dark clothes mounts the parapet, with the ease and graceful agility of a practised climber, and follows the thin dark figure along the horrible and giddy upper ledge, sure-footed as a mule on a sierra sideling, or a fly on a ceiling. At length, almost breathless with excitement, he closes in upon the man who has been, hitherto, eluding him, but now stands facing him full front— all his features now of a holiday cleanness, bathed in the silver of the moon, and wearing a look of. triumph, and that grand beauty tha triumph only confers. Standing erect, he spreads out both his arms at right angles, forming a cross together with his upright figure. This attitude seems a mute challenge to the other man to grasp him by the waist and wrestle with him. But the other seems suddenly dissolved with awe, wondet, and the most terrible trepidation. He loses his footing and falls, grasping instinctively at the nearest object to save himself ; this is the foot of the workman, as it happens, and down they go together for an instant, but as instantly separate, and after a whirl through the eapfy air— thrilling and sickening: to contemplate — they fall with two deep and hollow-sounding splashes into the Seine. The waters close over them, and a number of grand concentric rings of ever widening diameters stretch out towards the river-banks on either 6ide. The larger man rose after a few seconds, and struck out boldly for the shore of the lower end of the Champ de Mars, and might have reached it seamless, but from within the inky shadow of one of the huge abutting piers of the bridge, a dark and dripping figure presses for ward, falls upon him, and locks ' him in its arms. One moment and the curtain falls upon the last act of a Bwiftly premeditated tragedy. The Seine adds another to her unending catalogue of mysterious denouements, and haying composed her face, now goes on her way placid and smiling — bright as molten silver, and reflecting the lamps of many a festival on her burnished breastplate. Chapter XXXIX. — The Morgue. There is a marriage-feast set out at numero cinq, Quai de Billy, but none of the bidden are there. There is a priest, who hangs up bis stole in the sacristy and prepares to depart. Neither bride nor bridegroom expectant has appeared. There is a poor girl, maddened with conflicting emotions, who half kneels, half sits on her bed, with her cheek against the cold plaster of the wall. What is it to her that she has a lady to minister to her, and lavish all manner of sympathy on her. Hers is a blind, unreasoning grief ; she refuses to be comforted. She will not believe that Wenceslas was married already. She will not believe either that he has deserted her. 'A week slips away — eight days — nine days — ten days pass, and there is no news of Wenceslas. Nobody misses him but his distracted Fauchon ; the newspapers are silent — the newspapers— gobe-tnouches as they are— nave not a solitary word to say. She must pull himself together and seek him in her walks. One day, her mistress, who has been in the very heart of the city making purchases, takes it into her head to have an extended walk, bethinks her of an old acquaintance, a Madame de Breteuil, who lives in the Rue Louis, at the back of Notre Dame. What put it into her head to take such an out-of- the-way walk she could not say, but she went and took Fauchon with her, as she imagined the sights and excitement of a day in the city would be good for the poor soul, and might serve to buoy her up. They are passing the huge gloomy flanks of the cathe dral, with their symmetrical gradations of flying buttresses, when an idea suddenly strikes Fauchon like inspiration. 'Now, mademoiselle,' that we are at Notre Dame, it is only a step to the Morgue, and it would be a great consola tion to me to inquire and tlook, and find, that he was not there.' Mademoiselle did not encourage the idea, but as she saw the girl was bent on going to the Morgue, she called her back, and said quietly, ' As you will, my poor Fauchon ; and if you go, I will go too. Let us be quick over it, for the last time I saw the inside of that horrible chamber the sight, haunted me for a whole month after.' They passed in ; it was cool, clean, and airy ; the attend ants moved about like ghosts. There was a sound of running water, also of subdued voices as emerging from a very narrow whitewashed passage ; they came out upon the chamber of death. There were the twelve black tables or slabs of marble, and there above them hung clothes and trinkets, hats and caps, all ticketed and numbered. Of the twelve slabs two only were occupied this time. On one— the one nearest them — was a young woman of great beauty, partially dressed ; that is to say, the remains of what had been a bridal costume still clung about her elegant form The face was so sweet, and looked so happy, that Fauchon could not help envying her. ' Thou diedst because thou was too happy to live. God forgive thee if thy death came of thine own act.' And then, as a woman might have been expected to do, she examined with the minutest attention the shawl and the shoes, and all that had belonged to the poor drowned girl, which were hung above her recumbent figure, as one may sometimes see a surcoat, gauntlets, and a banner hang ing over the tomb of an ancient sovereign or a feudal baron. On the next slab was a confused heap. Water was led over it, and trickling down its sides purified it from the slime and sludge of thc Seine. She thinks she recognises a waistcoat of a particular pattern among the pendent trophies over the irregular heap ; it is covered with a number of hexagons, rather oblong ones, giving it the appearance of honeycomb. Such a vest did the man wear who picked her mistress's wardrobe lock. She stoops down and makes out that the heap on the black marble slab is two men locked in each others arms. The hand of one of the figures, pale and attenuated — a well-shaped hand — is clenched tightly, grasping a fold of a black coat. On one of the fingers she notices a blue ring. It is — it must be — the unhappy young locksmith. She walks round, and plainly distinguishes his face, bloated-looking and swelled as it is from being so long in the water. Behind his head is another. So close are they that the cheek of one face flattens against the check of the other. The forehead of the newly-discovered face is broad, pale as marble, and distinguished by two handsomely -arched dark eyebrows ; the hair of the head there is no mistaking ; the brow can belong to no other, but the eyes are not his eves, and the lower face is large, gross, and discoloured ; but, gross and puffy as it looks, it is he and no other — Wen- ceslas after a long soaking in the Seine. Instinctively the girl looks for the hands. One is plainly visible, grasping the figure of the smith under the left arm, with the fingers imbedded in the muscle of the chest. These fingers are the fingers of Wenceslas, with a difference — they are yellowish and not brown — are strained in their attitude, and the pink nails — pink no more — are blue ; but there is the well-known plain little ring that he has so often put upon her finger. Nothing could remove it now from the swollen hand. It is the hand of Wenceslas ; the figure is Wenceslas himself — but how altered ! Fauchon neither faints nor screams. Something sustains her, though the strain upon her is great. She reads what she had only mechanically glanced at before, namely, the official notices on the walls inviting persons to identify the dead, and accordingly steps into a little bureau attached to the building and declares her belief that these are the bodies of ' of two persons with whom she is acquainted. Having done so, she ieaves the Morgue along with her mistress, apparently self-possessed and calm — too calm to please Virginie, who instinctively foresees a reaction. She calls, therefore, at once on Madame de Breteuil, and there, as she had predicted to herself, and after a very little time, poor Fauchon breaks down. It is only the history of a thousand and one such cases. She comes out of it again safely, and Virginie, having sent for a cab, drives her home to the house in the Rue des Batailles. Chapter XL. — A Letter from Paris. Let us return to St. Petersburg. Natalie is sitting in the well-known drawing-room, with Paul beside her. They are reading one and the same letter together. Natalie has no secrets from Paul, and Paul himself happens, in this case, to have a personal interest in the letter, the news it contains, and in the fair lady that indicted it. It is from Virginie Dubourg, who, after introducing herself, and relating in a charmingly artless manner all that had taken place at St. Jago during the visit of the Barmecide,' said she felt bound to make some explanations relative to Natalie's portrait, and to beg for the forgiveness and sym pathy of the original. Hereafter followed, somewhat in the shape of' news and intelligence, certain little broken paragraphs which we subjoin : — ' Soon I shall belong no more to the world. I am even now oil the point of entering a convent here in Paris. The establishment that my brother and I have kept is now broken up, and my maid has had to be provided' with another mistress. She is a good girl, and will doubtless miss me much at first. ' I find the world empty and unsatisfying, and the longer I remain in it the more disheartened and the more dis appointed I become. ' The convent that I am now joining of my own free will is that of the Franciscan nuns, numero quarante, Rue St. Louis. just where the Rue St Claude crosses it. ' How gladly I fly thither words utterly fail ' to express. Indeed while I write these lines I feel not like a persom making a sacrifice, but rather like one who, having escaped from a wreck, finds at last a friendly shore and a secure refuge. ' I find it impossible, my dear mademoiselle, to take a last farewell of the world until I have sent to assure you that it was by the purest accident your portrait happened to be left in my sitting-room at Porto Praya by Mr. Oginski, whose behaviour (I feel happy in recording j,it) was equally noble towards you and towards myself. ' Mr. Wenceslas, an officer attached to the Barmecide expedition, was the person who was ill-advised enough to send you the portrait. The truth must be told — he pro cured it from my maid, having first persuaded her that he meant to restore it to Mr. Oginski on board the frigate. ' This said Mr. Wenceslas, as I understand, had resigned the navy and come over to Paris. Ho left his ship at Rio de Janeiro. Since he arrived here, he .paid .his addressesio ? my maid, and was on the point of marriage with her, when he suddenly disappeared. ' Visiting the Morgue one day, at the earnest request of ' my maid, we found the dead body of the unhappy Wen ceslas Iving on one of the black marble slabs there. He was tightly embraced in the arms of another man — rival — enemy — or what not. Who now can tell? The second man had papers in his pockets which disclosed his address ; and the police, on OTamining- a desk which they found in his lodgings, discovered a few pages of a diary, written in . French, and go, most likely intended as a clue to his identity. In this little book it was set forth that he had been an officer in the Russian navy — broken after a court martial, and afterwards tried before a Civil tribunal for a crime he had never committed, and sentenced to six years' imprisonment. He had effected his escape by the aid of a fellow-convict, and taken refuge in France. Here in Paris he was known as Louis Mamy, and employed bv a locksmith and brassfitter, whose business he was rapidly acquiring. The diary revealed that his proper name was Alexandre vitch. ' Perhaps, mademoiselle, you may have heard of such a person, and may be able to find out whether he bore any grudge to Mr. Wenceslas. 'If Mr. Oginski were only now in St. Petersburg in stead of Arctic America, he might know all about it. . . . I thinlr it right that I should inform you on all these matters, as it strikes me it may be of some use, possibly even some importance, to you. ' Excuse, pray, these disjointed pieces of news from, believe me, your faithful friend and servant, ' Vi&ginib; Dubourg. ' P.S. — When you write to Mr. Oginski pray convey to to him my last farewell and my heartfelt wishes for his happiness and yours. 1 have been 6aved from committing a great crime, and for this mercy I can never feel suffici ently thankful. — V. D.' Chapter XLI. — Euthanasia. It was not long after the receipt of the letter contained in the foregoing chapter that Natalie was summoned to the bedside of Madame Wenceslas. She had sent a brief and hasty message, of a character that leaves no doubt as to its character. Worn out and ill for sometime back, she | was now sinking, and naturally desired tho last kind offices of a true friend. The restoration of her beloved Alexis, and his elevation to an officer's rank, had practically over weighed the scale of the balance in which her faded fife had bo long trembled. Unhappy for over eighteen years, now, poor soul, she was dying for joy. Natalie supported the dying lady in her arms, with her head on her shoulder, and happily she never knew aught about the Fauchon episode in her husband's Porto Praya adventure, nor of the marriage-feast that was laid out in the house or the Quai de Billy, nor the awful closing scene at the Pont de Jena, nor of the vendetta of Alexandrovitch. Natalie and Paul Oginski carefully concealed all these circumstances equally from her and from Alexis. There are whispers and rumours in certain circles for a few days, and then all is silence. Wenceslas is forgotten in everything save as tho late father of a very promising young officer. Alexandrovitch, poor fellow, or rather his memory, never emerged from under the cloud that had deprived his young life of all its sunshine. ' Indeed it is but rarely thiat tho Government of an autocracy is moved to set aside the decisions and sentences of its higher courts. Even in Britain, famous for freedom of speech, the liberty of tho subject, and Magna Charta, who ever heard of Government compensating a man for his loss of character, fair fame, liberty, and money, in a case where he had been arrested through a blunder, and tried and sentenced in error ? The public might or might not tender solid sympathy in silver, but the Crown can do no wrong, and therefore has no in jury to repair. Chapter XLII.— The Temple of Janus open. Speculation has been rife in political circles of late. ? Tho newspapers have adopted a very warlike tone, and the Oolos in particular burns with indignation and enthusiasm. . A cloud of surpassing blackness sails between us and the sun, and its shadow already begins to be projected over the peaceful continent. The news becomes thoroughly patent and public. The parvenu Emperor of the French, joining with England, our once trusty ally, has flung down -the gauntlet before the throne-steps of the - Czar. By what madness the English are possessed we know not, though it is easy to conceive that even on such a question as the cus tody of the holy places the new Emperor would be only too glad of so distinguished an alliance. If they suopeed in the prosecution of the war, it will strengthen his dynasty and help it to stand a few years. He has failed in ? his overtures of marriage to the Princess Vasa of Sweden, or Sweden might have been arrayed against us too. Ah awk ward enough opponent she was in the days of Czar Peter, but then she was captained by Charles XII. To- day wa should not fear her so much. ' England,' said Mr. Waddington, ' is well disposed and kind, but her Government is the slave of party, and the Russo- phobist is the party in power.' ' My countrymen,' said Oginski, ' once hated Russia, with a bitter reason, but we are now swallowed up in Russia, and do our duty both by sea and by land no less faithfully than your born Muscovites. Your Irish, with, all their wrongs, are, I am told, the bravest and the loyalest soldiers in the British army.' ' You are going now,' said Mr. Waddington, with a dash of sadness in his tone, ' to fight with that grand eld England which you have always respected so highly — tho friend of Poland, of freedom, and of man; also that gay and beautiful France, which you love for the sake of Natalie. An unnatural war for you, Paul; but the harder and better you fight the more the English will think of you. As for the Frenchmen, I won't answer ; I still re tain certain antiquated insular prejudices. France is not what she was. The Napoleon-craze and La Qloire bids fair to dethrone common-sense; still Jack Frenchman always cheers pluck when he sees it. We have a way, they say, of not owning it when we are licked. I never heara anything in excess of that among Englishmen; feut a French admiral or a French general, with the view of keeping his men continually up to fighting pitch, gravely reports defeats as victories.' ******* Are these young lovers of ours never to reap the reward of their constant fidelity ? Soldiers and sailors (like beg gars) must not be choosers ; and war time, when! it comes, upsets all personal arrangements. So, when Oginski was ordered down to the Black Sea after the destruction of tho ; Turkish fleet at Sinope, he bad no time for more than a. hurried farewell. The fleet had practically nothing to do, and four of the war-steamers were burnt at Balaclava, to prevent them from falling into the hands of the Allies — ' among these the Elboeuf, of which Oginski was first lieu tenant. The officers and crews were for the most part, distributed among the shore batteries, and Sevastopol knew no braver defenders than these corps of jblue-jack&s; and. their officers. Their service was principally in working the heayy gu^s, and how splendidly they did manage them both the French and the English testify to this day. Here, though quite at the extremity of the. .empire, and in the midst of a terrible war and almost daHy carnage, opportunity was not wanting to send an occasional bote to Natalie, and even to get a note in return — the ink. of one of these notes of Oginski's being pounced, like that his torical note of Napoleon's at Toulon, by the sand torn up and scattered about by a round-shot. ' Natalie shuddered as she read this, and wondered' how it was possible for one to be gay and have a sense of humour in the din of battle, with shot and shell hurtling about hip ears — bloodshed all around him. . ' The siege, after one of the bravest, most heroic, and ad mirable defences on record, was at length raised. * We do not pause to rewrite its history, nor to record the many brave deeds or wonderful escapes of Oginski and Alexis Wences las, but content ourselves with saying that these twore turned to St. Petersburg after the fall of Malakhoff, well with the Cross of St. George looped with riband into his button-- - hole. About this time Paul first began to feel that, although a a Russian subject and a loyal officer, he was. stiU by descent a son of Poland. News came of conspiracies and clubs, and reaction. Paul Oginski was acted on very much by his brother Severin, a resident of Warsaw ; but while he deeply sympathised in the sufferings of Poland he prudently refrained, even in writing, from paying anything about Poland present. Paul, who hiad 'iiot received aught but what was good or just at the hahds pf ^oigia, never ? i ? i 'f faltered in his allegiance. Mr. Waddington commended him for steering clear of politics, and advised him at the same time not to mix himself up with any man or body of men discussing thc affairs of Poland or suggest! ng remedies. ** It will be time enough, my dear Paul, as things are at present, for you to stand up and assert yourself a Sarmatian when you are sent down to assist in the bombardment of Warsaw— a thing not likely to occur in your time or mine. Tho histoiy of most conquered countries is somewhat similar. England never repulsed the Romans; England never drove William the Norman back again over the Channel. She was die better for both conqueste, and under the latter had a regularly settled succession. Now, you Poles never had an hereditary monarchy. You elected a powerful noble; this set up a terrible, because covert, jealousv among the other nobles. Then, as a very centrally situated kingdom of small size, you were compelled to depend upon powerful neighbours, whose kings you some times called into your councils. Why, when Charles the Twelfth overran Poland he gave you a king ; and there was another king as well, who declared the Swedish vassal Iring to be no king at all, but finally resigned in his favour. Take my advice, Paul, mind your artillery and your steam, and don't refuse another long cruise if it is put inyour way.' ****** Mr. Waddington had unconciously foreshadowed what speedily came to pass. An expedition was being fitted out to do something for science, and also to cam' a grand impression of the naval armament of Russia into some of the remater corners of the globe. When this expedition was fairly projected, Mr. Wad dington told Paul it was clearly his duty to go. ' Two or three years (said he) will make no difference in your lives or in 'your plans. You and Natalie have been much separated for many years. Take care of yourself, and bring scientific honours, added to the military honours already yours, and then, as the oldest bachelor irieud you possess, 1 shall be prepared to act as your groomsman, and see the last of jou.' Chapter XLIII. — Flag-Rank. Tho leading idea in Mr. Waddingt on's mind was the complete triumph of Oginski, which it would be well to wait for even say for a year or two. Oginski was now on the staff, and had been decorated not only with the Cross of St. George, but also with the Order of Merit und the medal for distinguished valour. It now only wanted one good expedition similar to one now projected to get him his captain's rank, and then he would come back, receive his new epaulettes, and.claim the hand of Natalie at the same time. Such was Mr. Waddington'e Drogramme. It was neither very pleasing nor reassuring to Natalie at first. She thought over it, wept over it, andl, after a very severe struggle with herself gave in. Paul added arguments of his own, and the weight of these possibly carried the point and decided her in favour of tho expedition. Her main anxiety was for Paul, and the painful thought of what even a day might bring forth, not to speak of two years, saddened her terribly. She made up her mind one hour for the expedition, and the next hour against it, but at last she determined that he should go, and came out with a pale drawn -little face, and eyes that looked as if they had recently been over flowing. 'Paul! ' said she, ' it is better for thee, and better for both. Thou knowest me by this time, and we can wait.' She felt parting with him this time terribly, because on the two former occasions she had been hurried away almost without time for any farewell words ; this time she nearly broke down ; but, mastering herself so as not to cause Paul any unhappiness greater than that which he already suffered, sho assumed or put on a well-acted calmness, varied even by little touches of humour. ' Take her out with you again, my Paul,' she said as she handed him thc well-known oval miniature in its morocco case. ' She bears a charmed life, and will find her way back to St. Petersburg herself if you should forget her again in any outlandish isle peopled with beautiful women. But I want her to*be always with thee, and to see her hang- . ing about thy neck when thou returnest homo for the last, time before'our wedding-day. ' After all,' said she, ' it ?will be only two Christmases hence, and there is no more war.' ****** ? Oginski is now first lieutenant on board the Forte, going out to join the Amur squadron, or the Russian squadron of thc Pacific, as some term it. * * * Tnis time we shall have nothing of importance to record till, with the Ariel-flight of the romancers, wc overtake the Forte at her Petropaulowski cruising ground. He re our friend is taken over to the admiral's snip, tho Czarina, and becomes a flag-lieutenant There is a tolerably pro tracted stay made both in Chinese and Japanese waters, after which the admiral determines on taking a cruise with his flag-ship only to Australia. With this view be instills Captain Ilubner, of the Forte, as acting chief in his stead, ana one fine grey eastern morning, weighs and stands off to the southwaid. Every day after the beginning of a cruise makes it a day the shorter, and tho problem of how to fill up the time pleasantly, as well as usefully, is one that suggests itself to most healthy iniDds at sea. Now the absolute novelty of the Australias and every thing in them — their mountains of gold, their fabulously wealthy shepherd-kings, the extraordinary nature of their politics and government, and thc eccentricity of their fauna tu id flora, all promised Oginski such a rare treat, and such a line stock of traveller's stories, that he gladly welcomed thc idea. Besides all these, it would bo so easy to send a letter to St. Petersburg, as the British Peninsular and Oriental Company's boats called at Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, and King George's Sound, before sailing for Point de Galle, Aden, and Suez. The Czarina has sailed and steamed very much in the track of tho P. and 0. mail-boat — that is to say, to the Sound, so on past Kangaroo Island, and thence to Hobson's Bay. Arrived there, she lets go her anchor and salutes the flog in her usual finished manner off Sandridge, a little -outside of the head of thc Railway Pier, and somewhat to the south of it. The long symmetrically moulded white boats with the St Andrew's Cross over their 6terns seem to be pulling continually backwards and forwards between the ship ana the shore. Admiral Ricatcheff, Oginski, and a few of the principal officers go to pay their respects to the Governor, intho grand new offices ttiat block the upper end of Collins street. In due time the Governor returns the compliment, and visits the admiral in state, on board thc Czarina, when a good deal of powder is burnt in the orthodox manner, &c.; Meanwhile Russian Jack is ' bousing-up his jib ' on shore and going all thc rounds of the town, astonishing the local cabmen by their generosity and wholesale orders, and the grocers by their love for loaf sugar, which Russian Jack jbuys-up w all directions. ' Is this sea-stock or sweet meat?' This is exactly what an Australian is heard to ask at the Sandridge railway platform, where at least two Jjoats* crews of the Czarina emerge from the second «lass carriages, and eveiy other man of them with a comical loaf of sugar under his arm, wrapped -in a dark violet paper. The Governor entertains the admiral aad some of the officers ; others of them make friends at the Melbourne ?Club, where they are f£ted. Visitors go off in shore-boats, and formally and unformally call on the Czarinas. The Consul exercises his hospitality to the utmost, and in the course of a few days our sailor friends begin to find their way about town by themselves and see whatever there is to be seen. The theatre is liberally patronized ; so are the concerts anil exhibitions, and numbers of the officers pass away whole afternoons in the galleries of the Public Library — Wrapt as it were in a dream of Europe, and a breathing ?European atmosphere, though at the antipodes. Chapter XLIV.— Thb Czarina. It is in the summer of the year eighteen hundred and pud the author of these few pages happens to be in- j vited, along wjUi some others, on board nis Imperial Majesty's corvette the Czarina, then lying in Hobson's Bay ; i but suffer him in this one chapter to speak for himself, and ( relate his story in his'own words. We bad previously met some of her officers on shore, u we had been fortunate enough to show them some little civility, they asked us, with a frank and impromptu jrfndnmm, to their ship. . ' You will have to take usjust as you find us, said one of the lieutenants, whose English was unexceptionable. 'lWe are not looking our very best. The admiral andcaptain are both ashore ; and it's what the exhibition folks would call a ' people's day,' as the shiD is open to the public. If all this won t frighten you, we shall be delighted to have you with us.' We severally promised and parted. Something occurred to prevent me from going with the little party we had made up, so I started alone and by a later train. As it was, I had missed the Czarina's second cutter, which had been sent specially, but lost no time in getting into a big, heavy, sail-boat belonging to a Sandridge waterman. She was enormously crowded, but her proprietor never seemed tired of bawling for more passengers and further fares. It was exasperating, under the circumstances, to have to sit ' jammed like so many herrings in a barrel,' while the man repeated and rc- repeated, ' Now for the man-o'-war! Russian nian-o'-war ! Want a boat, sir? Nearly full up. ? ' But this annoyance came to an end, and he shoved off at last with the shade of an old-established grievance on his face. There is not (permit the author the use of the present tense) more than a ripple on the surface of the water, and the canvas barely ' draws.' So we envy such of our passing friends as merrily give us the ' go-by ' behind a single pair of oars and arms ; but how much more so those who have made friends with the officers of the Customs and harbour boats, and go out handsomely and in grand style under the crown- emblazoned bunting that floats proudly over their sterns. We draw out past the pier-head after two long and lugu brious tacks, involving much lee-wav and some bad lan guage ; but once really clear, the boat gives the least per ceptible list over to starboard, and there is a palpable pale sea-green and bubbling ripple gently murmuring in our wake. ' Ah ! ' cries some one (' forrad') ' there lies the Russian.' And there, sure enough, and just ahead of us, die sat upon the water, black, grim, and solomn ; all her lines severely regular and mathematical. She lacks the ' free and easy' roturicr grace of yonder merchantman discharging there, with hermainyard acock bill acting as a dcrrick, with 'lifts,' braces, and other ' tackle ' hanging in festoons— a picture that would strike any artist, however enamouredof the shore ; but, for all this, there is something in the first aspect of a long, lean, blade, and heavily armed corvette, that, conveys an impression of tremendous power, grandeur, and ' eian,' or ' go.' The royal and topgallant yards are sent down, and the upper masts, thus lightened and cleared, look more airy, evanes cent, and taper ; and all that Btands below, by so much the more, massive and sublime. John Ruskin the great art critic says, somewhere: ' The grandest work that modern man has ever yet compassed and accomplished is the line-of-battle ship,' &c.; I verily believe him — all landsman as he is, he speaks out there in a right British and insular tone, and reading that passage, I, for the first time, begin to feel something for Ruskin that is tenderer than respect. . Another exceedingly beautiful passage in one of his books, and breathing a similar feeling, is whore he describes the full bluff bows of a fisherman's boat that he finds somewhere, haphazard, on the beach. It is the one touch of art-appreciation, that makes certain minds (however distantly) akin, and henceforth I take off my hat to his ' Stones of Venice,' though I comprehend them not, and to many other children of his brain and heart besides. The long guess-warp booms, with their stout black 'lifts,' project at right angles from the long and sombre sides of the corvette, like arms akimbo. From 'these, mooted by long, and trailing bights of a light-coloured line, are towing boats of a more or less warlike description. On the tall-swart, and perfectly moulded 6tern the Muscovite eagle ramps and tears himself in twain, as far as head and neck are concerned. Above him, elevated on a tall and taperingstaff (that almost emulates the mizen), floats the blue St. Andrew's Cross of Holy Russia, floats idly on its snowy field in , liquid air, as floated and wavered the robe of the drowned Hylas in the sunlight that illuminated the crystal stream. There is a liquidity, a gentleness, a rhythm in the move ment that prompts the comparison. Aloft (at the main royal matthead) we miss the long ?' kite's-tail ' pendant dibtinguishing vessels of war ip ordinary, but at the mizen we make out a little square distinctive flag denoting a rear admiral's command. ' Tis neat, appropriate, and severe, but to us, whose friends are mostly below flag-rank, dreamy wavei ing gossamer is more dear, more familiar, and, from long association, more lovingly appreciated. The '? battery' we remark as not being so imposing externally as of old. The pieces appear heavier, of eccentric shape, and the intervals disproportionate. On the spar- deck we observe odd little guns of various calibre, and two small howitzers in yellow brass, with high-wheeled land carriages. The Czarina's people peer down at us from the hammock - nettings, thc gangway ports, and from the after-part of the forecastle rail— Russian faces, Finnish faces, Ger manic faces, and faces that remind us of the pictures of Calmuck Tartars.. We hear the boatswain's shrill and wild whistle ending in ' a dying fall ' as we pass in on board, one by one, and this gives the one more touch neces sary to complete the idea of a fighting ship. A really handsome sub -lieutenant in a cap with a very wide round flat top and a perpendicular peak that nearly obliterates the eyes, indicates the way. We bow our acknowledgments and pass on. On board what a herd of queer characters from the shore ! Here is a little sharebroker airing some very inferior French garments fur English thought, his audience a couple of mild-eyed ' aspirants,' who are so polite that, it is impossible to realise Napoleon's Tartar beneath the sur face of their exquisite manner. Here is a Polish Jew, a pawnbroker from a small back street which we know already but too well. He discourses (so we are told) in right Russian (and as we pwceive for ourselves) with much animation, to a group of able and ordinary seamen in white frocks with big blue collars. But the prime face in the scene i6 the average John Bull of our colonial bour qemse attempting 'pigeon-talk' with a mustard-haired Finlander or a wide-mouthed staring youth from 'Red Russia.' His discourse is of the carrying capabilities of thc new-tashioned guns and the various apparatus con nected with theiu. Between decks the people swarm like bees— a good humoured, fun-loving, sight-seeing crowd. M. Jean Bonle has brought ' sa chcre femmc, ses enfans, et toute 6a famille.' They gape at common-sailor Ruski dining off his hard fare, at a little narrow wooden table slung from the beams or carlines by iron loops. Every mouthful is an object of interest, and it is observed that ' Rooshians swaller much like other people.' They stare at poor in valided Ruski in the sick-bay where he lies, either pale or hectic, in his hammock ; for to-dav no one place in the whole ship is taboo or sacred. They waggle their wise -heads at tne intricacies of the engine-room, and make in nocently gauche remarks about Sevastopol. M. Jean Boule finally ' confounds the whole concern.' 'Inferior to our navy, my dear, as a matter of course, and the time we 'ave wasted 'ere to be sure 'ad 'ave been better spent at the Wax-works or the Westibule.' Meanwhile people of loftier pretensions, but with wits not more extensive, strain and scramble through between the 'wings' and past the good-natured sentinel in the ward -room, and thence to the ordinarily sacred arcana of the admiral's cabin. That gallant officer is ashore for a trip (glad to be out of the way), and visiting the gold-fields of Ballarat, in company with vice- royalty. ' Lor! Maria,' cries one girl from the shady side of Collins-street to another from the same locality ; ' 'ere' 8 '8 coat a 'angin' up to hair on the skylight ; and lor ! the buttons an' the ribbons— an1 just look at them meddles ! ' Passing forward through these good folks, with whom we have become almost, but not quite, inextiically mixed up, we arrive at a plaoe temporarily sacred to the rites of the Greek Church. This serves to evoke irreverent, be cause ignorant, remark, and the pious asseverations of an honest A.B. sentinel in a tarpaulin hat, respecting a really artistio but melancholy-looking picture of a saint with a medimvaL golden background to nis head, is twisted some how, or anyhow, into the rankest blasphemy. A few drapers1 and grocers' assistants criticise the regu lation presentation-pictures of the Czar, the Czarina, and the Czarewitch, that decorate the walls of the captain's modest quarters. Thev gape at the books and nautical instruments on the shelf, and actually want to 'trade' with a quarter-master who acts as cicerone for some of the Japanese curiosities that serve to adorn the bulkhead. This characteristic crowd of many elements passes, and, to our immense relief (as compatriots) is gone. Wc take our places as guests of the ward-room; we clink glasses together, smoke each other's cigars, exchange cards (foreign fashion), and swear eternal friendship — at least some of us. My friend is Oginski, the flag lieutenant. I leave our moody waterman to his meditations and to ' fate ; and after a most delightful evening, and a whiff of a tobacco, only another word for a new sublimity, and dug out of the Spanish Government cellars at Luzon by Oginski himself, I pass ashore. This time it is in the stern-sheets of one of the Czarina's ! cutters, steered by the second lieutenant. Hands are waved to us over the taffrail, and amid the gloom of the rapidly descending night we distinguish a fiery little constellation j of glowing cigar points where a knot of officers stand grouped together about the heel of the ensign-staff. Once more I am ashore again, and in the train. The I flag-lieutenant's card is in my breast-pocket, and he and i I are to dine together by appointment at the cafe to-morrow. We are to go to see Brooke in ' Othello ' in the evening. * * * * * * * * Ah me ! says the author, at the end of this chapter (which, being a personal reminiscence, he uses here as a connecting link in the story). What days, what nights were those! Something tells me we shall never know the like again. ******* Where now, alas, is poor Brooke ? And Spiers and Pond — why have they forsaken us ? Chapter XLV. — One Night in Melbourne and what happened. Oginski, Alexis Wenceslas, and their friend Mr. Staple ton Woolcombe have been all to the Haymarket Theatre together, as previously' arranged. Leasing just as the after-piece was about to commence, so that there might be po mistake about the train afterwards, they proceeded, Mr. ! Woolcombe leading until they reached a very respectable ] Bourke-street restaurant , which hid better things within | under a most unpretending exterior. It is not Continental purely, yet it is far from English. There is a fine large cool room, with a sort of circular raised basin in the centre, set about with green ferns and mosses, and leaving a little I pale orange globe lamp gleaming agreeably through the trailing fronds, and the whole under the ceaseless cool re- , freshing spray of a little fountain. Against the walls ot the room are many little oblong tables with snowy cloths, und laid in anticipation for that portion of the habitues who frequented the theatres or sat up late into the night over their ledgers. At this time one is pretty sure to see many foreign faces — French, Swiss, Italians, and even Germans, men of all ranks, but mostly mercantile, or speculators. Hanging up their caps and overcoats, our party seat themselves at one of the little tables and amuse themselves with a look round while the supper is being served. At the end of the room, and across it, is a large semicir cular counter, with the convex portion projecting into the room. This is attended by two rather pretty-looking Hebes, and in the centre between the two is a black- browed Frenchman with a most jovial countenance. His. mous taches and imperial are trimmed in the most approved imperial fashion, and the weather being warm, he appears simply in waistcoat and shirt-sleeves, the latter of a dazzling whiteness, and not turned up. When you see a French man in a clean shirt you may safely predicate one or two things — either that he is prosperous or that he has a tidy wife. Suppose we predicate both in this instance. Behind our Gallic Jove and his twin Hebes are shelves on light and elegant brackets, where repose bottles of eveiy known colonial vintage, as well as certain of the ordinary Continen tal wines. Tn this big broad room there is a perfect Babel of con versation — three or four languages in several dialects. It is far from unpleasant, interpolated musically as it is with laughter and the plashing of the fountain. There is an agreeable odour too about the viands and the wine peculiar to the south side of the channel — to imitate which is not felony in an English cook, seeing the act is simply impossible. As soon as the supper is over our friends rise, cap and coat themselves, and with their cigars in their mouths, and the memory of an excellent cup of cafe noir still present with them, advance towards the counter to ' settle,' and to take a chasse-cafe as well. The man in the white shirt-sleeves is there no longer, but is seen sitting, partially eclipsed by a door that goes in to a little pai lour in rear of the counter. There is a thoroughly French little child on his knee ; a child of that interesting age— which is so fleeting — which never returns, and is always and ever rafter regretted. This brown little creature-7-clean, frisky, and well put-on — stands bolt upright on her father's two knees, one foot on either — say like Mademoiselle de Cavalho on two horses at the circus. She tugs away like a cobbler at the two beauti fully waxed ends of his moustache right girlfully (if there be no such word in the vocabulary, suppose we create it), and while Mr. Jack Frenchman is exclaiming and swearing, and nuzzling this little subject of the Third Napoleon, this little child whom it is clear he idolises, a well-flUed-out comely woman in a black silk takes his vacant place at the counter. She is bending over the carte with a pencil in her hand. ' Soupe pour trois, julienne, poisson ditto, un salini ditto, pommes di terre a la maitre d'hfitel ditto, omelette soufliee au rhum ditto, cafe ditto, cigares ditto, une bouteille de Mata.ro, altoogettaire monsieur makes.' And as she raises the handsome head and still wicked brown eyes, that erst conquered M. Francois behind the door there, these eyes take in the face and figure of Alexis in his lieutenant's uniform with his medal and riband on his breast. She gives one little start, perfectly natural in her, though it might be theatrical in an Englishwoman. ' Quelle ressemblance.' This is all she utters, and supporting herself firmly against the edge of thc counter— her fingers spread out on the top, her thumbs underneath the ledge— in this attitude, and with her chin thrown forward, and a little to one side, she takes one good look at Alexis. 1 In that one instance what a miracle of memory is wrought ! What annihilation of time, and space, and age, and circum stance, has been effected under the crown of that pretty head with its exquisite coiffure ! Where now is Frangois F — where is Francois's Restaurant de France, Numero 157, Bourke-street East? Where is she herself? A minute has not elapsed, and she has already doubled the Cape with out doubling it ; touched at Cape Verd without touching ; gone to Paris without going ; and stood in the Morgue there, gazing on a pale dead face there. So like — now he is dead — like a face she has seen somewhere, for the present face of the young lieutenant is lost to her during this moment of brain-activity. She isatoused by an exclamation from Francois in the little parlour behind the counter, addressed not to her, but to the little child in his arms — ' Tiens ! Fauchon petite mechante.' At the name of Fauchon it was Oginski's turn to start, and circumnavigating mentally, he gazed upon the woman with the far-away look in her eyes, and saw, as if he saw it from the piazza of his Excellency Don Michael Xavier de Ribeira, Fauchon craning over the lattice-work and admiring Mr. Wenceslas in the garden. She collects herself and recognises Oginski. The recognition is mutual, and with all that frankness and absence of singularity which distinguishes the the sailor, holds out his hand — she clasps it fervently — 'and who would ever have dreamed of such a meeting monsieur ? (There was just the brightness of one unshed tear in either eye.) 'JHonour us by stepping into our little parlour. My husband, too, will be very happy to make you welcome.' 'Emile, this is a gentleman of whom I have often spoken to you before. Captain— are you not captain by this time, monsieur ? ' ' No such luck yet, but I am a lieutenant-commander at your service — Commander Oginski.'' ' My husband, 'M. Francois,' and Mdme. Francois takes the offered hand, and straightway there is an entente cordiale between France and Russia through their present repre sentatives.* They beg Oginski to remain, but he excuses himself on account of his friends outside who are waiting — and swal lowing a glass of something very particular that they force upon him, bids an au revoir to the parents, but kuses the little Fauchon whom her father holds up to him as she stares with wonder and admiration at his gold laca and buttons. Turning back, he whispered hurriedly to the original Fauchon. ' Do not recognise my young moid for a Wen ceslas, nor speak to him about his father.' *' All ! Then, he teat married after all.' 