CHAPTER IV.-THE MISSING LINKS. I IT strack one o'clock ss we entered the deserted streets of Dundalk. The morning boat for Liverpool would start at eight. It was probable that Lawless would take advan- tage of that means of escape. But might he not bave some other tactics in view? Perhaps at that moment be was trying to dispose of his victim and hiB plunder in some fashion tbat would baffle detection, and destroy irrecoverably the missing links of the chain or evidence. So, dismissing our carman with an injunction to hold himself in readiness at his usual baiting-house, we proceeded to knock up the inmates of all the third- rate lodging-houses and places of low resort where it was likely that Lawless might have secreted himself. Into all of these we effected an entrance. In some cases we experienced nndne opposition, which the dire threats of the law alone over came. We ransacked each with care, but failed to discover any traces of our man. ¿.boutthree o'clock we found ourselves ina completely exhausted state at the last house of the series. In the kitchen of this house a fire was provided for us, around which we sat, drying our clothes and wishing for the day. The recruit soon fell into a sleep and talked incoherently at intervals. O'Dowd dozed off and on ; but I did not once close my eyes. What man worth his salt would give way to slumber at such a critical juncture ! When day broke about seven o'clock we squared ourselves anew and marched down to the docks for the purpose of reconnoitring the passengers who were to start by the eight o'clock Bteamer. Wo went down a little lane at the end of which we debouched on the quay, and in the gray morning light discerned toe boat at some distance on the right, getting up steam for the departure. Half-way was a tan-yard, with its gate lying wide open. From that gate we observed emerging none other than the object of our search-Lawless ! He did not observe us, as he was going in the opposite direction. We doubled rapidly till we came up to him. Just as I was about to lay my hand on his shoulder, he turned round sharply and confronted me. Never shall I forget his appearance. His face was of an ashy paleness and terror-struck at the sight of us. There were on his trousers and vest the unmistakable marks of blood. On his shoes there were none, or their muddy condition obliterated it. He trembled like an infant when we grasped him, and in an agony of excitement cried : ' I did not do it I I swear by all the saints that I am innocent of it 1' His shouts could be heard over the whole quays, and were already attracting to the spot a considérenle number of the steamer folk. So, fearing n Rcene end a paisible nttemnt nt a rescue, I grasped my musket resolutely and told him to be silent on the instant, or I would not answer for the consequences. I then stated the charge which was laid against him, giving him at the same time the usual caution not to say anything that might compromise his case. Once more I saw him open bis mouth, as if to renew his expostula- tions ; but the worda died on his lips as I gave him one of my fiercest loaks (I am a terrible man when roused), and hs subsided into a state of dogged indifference to his situation. O'Dowd produced the handcuffs ; whereupon we wheeled about and marched our prisoner in triumph up through the town. I felt that the eye of the nation was upon us as we escorted him along in that triumphal progress. If he had stirred an inch I would nave bayoneted him on the spot, I do believe. When we reached the place where our car had put up for the night, 0 Dowd and myself hastened to get oar prisoner under-weigh with all speed pos- sible. We left the recruit behind, to prosecute a search for the cart and the missing body, promising that he should be relieved in a short time. He started off with suspicious alacrity ; and I am still of opinion that he went in pursuit of bis breakfast, contrary to orders. The oar was got round, and our prisoner scatod between us. Crack went thc whip. Dandalk was soon far behind us, and we were speeding towards Mullaghboy. But what with the excitement and necessity of being constantly on the watch against any sudden dash of our wily prisoner. I felt every minute an age. He still retained that silent passive expression of indifference into which my threats had terrified him, or whereby he strove to cloak his real emotion. I anxiously awaited ? the moment when we should reach the glen, the scene of bis so recent misdeeds. I felt that unless he had a heart of steel he could not, under the circumstances, resist some ex- pression of his feelings. Entering the glen, he appeared somewhat fidgety ; and as we passed the actual spot, I could observe an almost imperceptible tremor run over his face, just as if the chillness of the morning air had pene I trated through him. I scanned him closely j and he knew it. He appeared determined to ! brave it out however ; for we had not yet I emerged from the glen, when he requested per- mission to light bis pipe. He was lost for a smoke, and the morning was so cold, he said. Although I was sure that this was only 'by way of bravado, I consented ; whereupon he directed me to pull the pipe out of bis pocket, as his hands were confined. This I did, and found the said pipe to be almost new. This fact appeared very significant to O'Dowd and myself, as we expressed by nods over the stooping form of Lawless, now enveloped in a cloud of tobacco smoke. Ah ! how little we knew that the very act by which he calculated to evade suspicion, was striking as it were an additional nail into his coffin ! From this reflection I fell into mosing on the different circumstances, trivial enough ia themselves, which led ns on step by step to the grand result. The statements of the ! drunken tinker, let fall by chance in our I hearing-Peggy Malone out later than usual our beat prolonged up the glen in consequence < of an inference drawn from the two preceding | facts-the pool of blood discovered-the marks of a struggle-the prints of a froBt-nail -the tracks of a heavily laden cart-the old pipe of Lawless-the noises heard during the night by O'Connor-Lawless observed entering Dundalk with a cart-his detection on the quay at that early hour of the morning-the j blood on his clothes-his frightened looks-his unguarded denial of a crime not yet alleged against him- in fine, every little circumstance which had occurred from the time when we were first put upon the scent up to the present moment Such were the thoughts that coursed through my busy brain as the vehicle brought us every moment nearer to our destination. And now with a mind more at ease, I secretly chuckled at the vista of promotion I saw opening out before me. I Baw myself a dignified bead constable in the village, ordering my men about in splendid style, and in a friendly fashion patronising a certain Sergeant O'Dowd of the same barracks. I also saw a certain rich widow of the neighbourhood eagerly closing in with a matrimonial proposal, of ber own making ; a retiring pension, sc. From these delicious reveries I was roused bythe gleeful shouts of Lawless, whowaspoint iug excitedly ahead of us at an old lady seated comfortably on the top of a well-packed cart, which was jogging along the road before us. Could my eyes deceive me? Or was it really Peggy Malone come back from tbe dead: There ehe waa, however, to all appearance alive and well, and belabouring the old pony with all her accustomed vigour. In a few seconds more we were at band. We pulled up as a matter of course, to obtain an expia- tion of the mystery. Lawless st once appealed to her in an affec- tionate: ' Arrah, Peggy dear, is it yerself I Bee at all at all, or on'y yer ghost that's dhrivin' the mnrdhered corp back to berni! For it's a berri!, we'll push on ahead to get the bell rung an* the praste ready.' 'Go along, ye Haggard!' was the surly reproof made by Peggy to the foregoing eloquent appeal. But Lawless mentally transferring that reproof to her old nag, which just then exhibited au extra amount of laziness, Ïirocecded to question the old lady still arther: 'So ye woren't kilt either all, as ! these gintlemin let on to me ye wor.' 1 Give me no more o' yer lip. Lawless,' she replied curtly; ' bekase I don't want to no dailins wid ye' good or bad.' 'These gintlemin,' said the rascal, looking at the rueful countenances of O'Dowd and myself, 'aren't balf-plaisod that you woren't murdbered out an out. An' beded,' he added in an undertone to me, ' it's jist meself that wouldn't say wan word agin that same, ?sein' the fine bit o' money I'd be comin' in fur.' I paid no attention to his remarks, which seemed extremely commonplace at the time, not to speak of their very bad taste, but whispering over to O'Dowd, I observed:'As we have nothing further against Lawless, it'B only fair to let him go borne to his wife. We can alight from the car and send it on into the village before us. I would prefer to walk in, as I feel rather stiff about the joints. What do you say?' O'Dowd closed at once with the proposal, adding:'I'm rather stiff myself, now that I come to think of it; and would be glad of an opportunity to stretch my legs.' I turned round to Lawless, and remarked in a grand patronising fashion: 'Well, Lawless, you have given us the most satisfactory proof possible that you are innocent of the business. We will let you go home now, if you promise to do so quietly; and indeed it is only right and proper for you to do so st once, for your wife was very uneasy about you last night. By the way, take this pipe, that I found last night on the road; it belongs to you.' But Lawless strongly objected to this way of settling the business. Said he:'Ay, ay gintlemin, I'll not stir an inch off thia blissed car till we git into town; forgo before the madjisthrate I must, to clear mes elf an' remove all stains from me characther.-Sure, Peggy darlint, they wor wantin' to make me out a murdher, an' of your own swate self, be yer lave. Ay ! but I'll take an axshun agin the whole brigade o' tbim for illaygal Bemire an' defamathun of characther, the characther that I wouldn't let a stain on for all they're worth.-Dhrive on, Larry avick,' said he to the carman, who was enjoying the joke as only an Irishman can when the dignity of the Force is assailed. We saw that there was no help for it, and in a state of despairing acquiescence, we allowed the carman to drive on ahead. The carman, alas', seemed to have lost all- that admirable spirit of obedience which distinguished him throughout the campaign. He waB dilatory in setting off, probably from a desire to hear more. Lawless kept up a galling fire of talk, direct- ed straight a/us. 'The name of Lawless,' he continued, 'has got a slight put on it be this thransaxshun! I'll never be able to hould up me head agin. The likes was never heerd tell of before. But I'll spare no expinse; I'll sell me property ont- lock, stock, and barril-to send the mane scoundrels across the say for raisin Bich a scandalous report. An' I wouldn't mind so much about meseff ; but it's bringin* yer name. Peggy darlint, into the affair that kills me out an* out. But good mornin,' aroon. They'll hardly git the sthripes they're nuntin' for this time at anyrate.-Dhrive on, Larry, to the madjis- thrate. I want me characther to be cleared.' It was horrible to listen to him, and to think of eventualities. As we approached the village, Lawless continued tb soliloquise audibly in a most uncomplimentary manner with regard to us ; whilst the driver, before so respectful, now iguured us entirely, and actually dared to open a conversation with the wretched murd- So we reached the magistrate's house. After a short investigation, the whole mystery was successfully cleared up. It appeared that, Lawless, on Monday evening, had in his capacity as knacker, purchased a broken-down old mule, the price of which be most probably hod extracted from the pockets of the inebriated tinker a few hours pre- viously. He was taking it away to Dundalk to a dealer in hides and manufacturer of bone manure. The animal however, exhausted by age and starvation, was incapable of the long journey, and hod sunk down in the glen, posi- tively refusing, and being in fact unable to advance one step farther. On this the resolute Lawless took out his knife and put an end to the wretched animal's sufferings by the simple process of opening an artery. The mule had thus bled to death. This successfully done, he proceeded at once into Dunkalk, procured a cart at the slaughter house, and brought it up to the place where the mule's carcass lay. Having successfully hoisted his cargo on the vehicle, he returned to the slaughter-house, and slept there that night.. About daybreak, feeling very thirsty after his late debauch, be resolved to go out to town in search of a glass of something before his breakfast. On this quest he was just emerging from the tan-yard gate when we made the arrest. At this point of his statement I proposed to him the ques- tion : ' Why he had been so prompt in his declaration of innocence, before any offence was alleged against bim ?' He replied that at the moment when we laid hands ou him the idea in his mind was that we suspected him of having stolen Walsh's money, and he could not restrain his feelings at the thonght of Omi. He was poor, but he hoped that he was honeBt. This concluded his explanation. Long before he had done, the real state of the case flashed across my mind like lightning across the heavens. I was morally certain that Lawless had robbed Walsh of the money with which he subsequently bought the old mule, But as in the case of the supposed murder, the less said about it the better. So Lawless was dismissed by the old magistrate-who I am sorry to say treated the whole affair as an excellent joke-and dismissed him too, as he had desired, without a stain on his character. He once more holds bis head aloft among the neighbours, and still remains as great a thief as ever, I do believe. As for Peggy Malone's mysterious disap- pearance, we ascertained subsequently that she had turned aside from her road to make a friendly call at the house of a distant relative who was unwell. Yielding to a pressing in- vitation, she had stopped there that night ; and when we overtook her in the morning;, was calmly returning to Mullaghboy with all her stock-in-trade. ?-Cltambers'ë Journal. 