| - w - »•— - i « >AHC'S bbvesg-E, ^ » ; CHAPTER,i„ J a I ( t I ; y I j ' ^ 1 4 '^Splendidly 1 Will, ';8plej«3idly:l -Hurrah Steu&ttii'at l^t J Just dooi at <fche >^rand proBpect. Two.xiunees to, ifhetub, or I'.mja ©-iIfccWan#tjsGooee\ffojjr"" " .1 A^poee, Jongj Iqud.i&ria Siat^lSriSacleUB a£d|blt ina&Jhe'* 1 ' * 1 1 Jjurlg^o s ^ ^ ^ ^ • e ' i loommeJH ^,too. BythcLor^ Hany^woh'43^end.pater^nd-nfeteivaifd;the young.'.uns-a Christmas-box; vthat's:aW.r'>Sroi morSbiwOrk to-dayjiboySjl'iandhethreW^owii';: tho shovel that, m his hurry, ho had brought : !i-We:..smilea;at sour, young"mate's :-'boister-:. oualy.'expressed-.-joy ,->aiid:-Aho-(ofchei'wi6e --known- • among .the -pigtail;children'jof:-the. Mowety-'i tJjand-K as'fAh-^Oooey), ,-who.". -after: :.the»style<*of rhis^-racBj had-rbBen-.sstanding( stohdlyrdjy,-sturned^away swith jithevisimple-: :remaxk,-." No.-morework?-.. All'-ight j^go-and • get.itoola;' V-and-oS ,-w:ent the-.CeleataaV.fourt.il' partner in-the bonanza :t.-L-'A-lightrheatted'.parfcy:we>wore in the tentj . that,-;night;fand-s.many,vwere-,-the. .air-Castlesi laid-in for .ourpelves;Wlthtthe?dividends -to be < realiBed-hefore- iGhriBtmaSi'Dayjithetf&bout a; fortmght distant T? T J • -Ahc keptimuttermgdsomethmg'to himself,, ,,which,|.5being,in-;Jus-pativenlanguage; -was,' ^ofcourBej-shghtlyrnmntelhgiblejbutiniwhich: .'the:®ord,'i-flanton-"-^as«ftsa«epeated;;'and w}ucli ..lie one .day ^rravcly a'.snrfi'd me "R-as lifiejiortrait of.bie sister " * - •' - Your - own,* - or >somebody. elae'a ?' ' '. w : Donalds .dry-commenfaon- -this/informatiorif -bemg._';tendered-;i:a-.query^which ^^'remained; unanswered,-except-by Dave's -bluBhesi - :r .5 'iWe. had sbeen^mates sire . four. • for. a iongtime, anil,'.though young, men all, .had prospected,a. go.od.manyi.places,,with<the- diggers': usual .luck—sometimes doing pretty well; at others;.aB at:theBerlin,-worlnng,from weekto week . without -getting , .the colour, whilst 4he..»laim;3iext rto .ns.-/hardly, went a- fort-' ,mght,-„without. turning out. a .decently-sized nugget OT two • Dave, Donald andI, had: been schoolfellows, and Ahc, whom I hadknown for some .years: at Ballarat, we; had taken into partnership .at;the..,-. ; Berhn,::the.' considera-; tionjhe- paidiis.'for.thathonour.being the use; .of liifi namc- and credit %v:lh countryman: storekeeper—rno. : slight .-consideration, :-I can', assure, -.you, j when.: for. .about, two months before.'AhCjS:.admission- to:_the firm-we had' been on such short, commons, that in another; fweek.or.two.a "..skeleton.-would-have:been a ©aii?l:Lambeit..te. some ofmsi'.' and.we. had: more than once discussed-.-the advisabibty of castmg ,Iots.- as . to. which .unlucky.- one. was to fall a victim to his mates' hunger.: Ahc had been long enough.xu: the counteyito: talk English like a native, and ,wa? especially; valuable to us for his intimate knowledge of ; the fields.where.miners..inost did congregate. A. straight, square man- w^is- -Aha. aad m a; short time "\YC got to like and-.trust him'-v immensely « Following his advice, we had made tracks" for- Dolly's Orpek, ia -diggings a few miles.' fromthe.head of.the Moorabool, and situate! :at : 110 . great . distance,..from... the -Meredith;; station, on the.Ballarat and.Geplong railway; line Dolly's -Creek.'at this time was inhabited"; prmcipally by a few Scotch families, who -had come straight from the ship , thither,-and many of whom; during allthe years they;j had hved there, had. never. heenmore ' than, twenty.miles away -from their homesm any; .direction; -had never visited Melbourne; G-ee-' long, Ballarat, or any other large .town, and knew only of these places from the fewpeople : : e and . .hawkers -who came to them with. ,merchaudise, etc ' A quiet,- peaceable commumty, -hving mi .and among.-themselves, and caring.-nothing 1 for.-the .outside, - wearying,- bustling - world, and .whoso children wore taught the three E's by -the neat- httle village schoolmistress,'. e, -whose -cosy, -ivy and roae-covered cottage' served the twofold.purpose of school, and dwelhnghouse > Among these people we sojourned for a' .few, weeks, till the prospecting;-whioh" con--; sistedusolely ii^istrippingethe^soilfor mbout ' -six.:inches in-depth: was ^finished; and then,-: under., the ..:direetion. of our.-Gelestial: guide; i philosopher,, s-and. friend, .-: ;.we-- " folded our utents,: like- the,s-Arabs, ;ajid as,-.silently: stole away " Not„ho.wever; before I 1 had found time to/. pay,;the:.-sohoolhouse-. a-.parting. .visit; and': to .receive., from the: little teacher a - bunch; of roses, violets, end mignonette, a slight pressure as Ilingeringly-held herlittle band— in a good-bye grasp, .and. a half-averted tender glance-from her bright-brown eyes, that sent me away:withia-full.:heart, andtwith a strong determination to come-baoktsome- day,for my; little Olive We tramped along all:day, and, just as the j sun ;was Binking -behind the hills, we pitohed: our tent on a little rise, about a quarter , of a mile from the river bank, and close to a spot from, the indications-of-.which Alio thought would be likely to prove gold beanug It was a lovely place we had selected, with a charm of scenery which, tired as I was with carrying a heavy swag all that hot day, ' I couldn't help stiolling oatgafter tea toadmire The httle hill we had built our tent on sloped gently down to the river, which, altuough somewhat low at that time of thB year,,?tillhadsufficient water itLit.to cause -a. Imntmurmuring.gargle laBitrippladover.the numerousi -snags,iiand i huge . ..houlders sWithwhich its bed was blocked :: The opposite bank was a pieoipitoua hill, rose sheer from the channel's edge, •and which was covered with tall, straight gum-trees, with a dense i-undergrowth ot ferns, etc. Through the trees flitted :-h«ght,};.gaudyrpiuma , ged:Tparrots;;s.the^mprB' sedate hued minah and wattle bird, -the jar and the loud soreeohed cockatoo, all making their way home at a decent hour, while the laughing jackasses kept np a continuous ring! of r sarcastic mirth. * "' As the sun went down, it lit up the trees on the topoftbe'moiiritwiihalastlingeriDg golden Tay;.as- af?loth4oaeave^and::caBt;abalb round old Grin-din (as we afterwards christened it, from* bottle We found 3 th'ere), that flickeied a moment, and then gaVe way to the grey! shadows of -night ut a half mili further down the stream was a-tmge-excavation by'the flood waters o! paBt years, but which was now thickly,, pjothea from -summit to: bottom sariaparilla, wild dsisiss ana, pennyroyal, from'which a strong perfume: arose as I crushed it with my feet. Between this and the Moorabool lay a deep, silent pool mfthe rock, which was filled with little troui Still further down, the river took a sudden -bend round old Gin-Gin, and was lost to Aa I scrolled baok to the tent,'the wind went whispering through the treeB with that: peculiar prolonged 8h ah-eh bush ] know SD well, jwhjeh sounds aa af the inhabitants Were soltly communing one with another, and which deepens( in)o a loud, sorrowful wail on the ippro^ch of a^storm , That Vight we all slept without rocking, andlhe next burning set out niospeotmg. j 1 Dayjaltei day wastry without anything; worth while turning up, and we began io dfespart, and, but tor Ahc'j manly Courage in spirmg us, would haVe thrown the whole,, 'thing up^in 3isgnst, and started for ftesh ,fiaas i v N 1 ^ ~ r i-Wp cerfamly bad another inducement io; peitseyere^'and -that was furnished ,by out next door* neighWr. who dwelt abput five; mileb oft ' ' ' ollnr Mocrab'-ollor jrars HelTadioBt hiB I isutgfoen hut hei memory,; h. made of „ her, , He worked his shallow claim entirely by himself,-havmgriggeduJ).akind*ofapparatus^ by which he; hauled ? hia : bucket-: to -the i surface, emptiea it, and then lowered it again. Thejre he hved, yeai In and year out, his only-. companions;:*"like -Kobinsbn • Orusoe; : being his dog, his gun; and his Bible; the latter not by any means the least used He had been repeatedly warned that some day an-accidentt, would maim .him,--and he would die a horrible, lingering death. But his.'mvariftblfl rieply waa-.that'be- trnatea m-'. God to'save-him from " a death like,that." 'I' (It was not'till"long>after'we left the Moora-', bool tbat,-we ;heard old Merrick was killed by afrailway.accident, on a trip to Ballarat. The irony of Fate ! To hye for years safely • amidst-danger, only to . receive .deadly injury i from a-railwayr train a few hourB after quitting Ms bush home One night, when the calumet had goneround, a consultation was held outside the -tent; - ,on-the .tbick;'soft sward, at -whioh old; Merrick was present, and, yielding to his perBuasion and advice, the next day we sunk : : a hoIesBome -distanoe.-f comthe? oldiione aon^ "le'-h - Irad - - At -tb «- w -91 rlted '-ip-.ticnU through ihej'nard; ground- till r.vrerbottomed' at about fifteen feet Donaldi and I had as been told off to.the puddling tub and cradle, :andat,^was;'the:.'.ireF..ult':!of .-our.-labours. .that, caueed the .general- jubileereoordedabove. j CHAPTER II THIS tide of fortune had-nowttuened dead.in our favour ; Ilole .after hole waB bottomed with ;tbe aarne cheering, result, and our chamois leather bag -began to get bulky ; We .had idetermined to keep: the gold cached in the tent,: and not take it into any of the townships to -sell,. for, we. well knew that the uews:of our nch .strike would eoon spcead, and we^"didn't,,know how. far. the run of gold, might,go, and at present we didn't wish- for company . Merrick we .were well aware could be trusted implicitly;. indeed, at Abe's suggestion, we had offered .the oid man- a fifth share in .our claim, as wo felt that to him we :owed.our good lack s Bat tarcfased. '.' He was making.;.: quite enough,", he said, ','-to lieep lnm;aa hisjwants were small " : 'f No,-thank you,-boys,'? said .the old man.^ on being pressed; " you are young,.and -will want it. I oan have:but a very short .while longer to live, and have neither kith nor .kin to leave it. to. Keep it all,, mv lads,, keep it all. : And may God-bleBB your poBBeBBion of it. J : And thus imatters went on till about five days before Christmas week. We were to have a grand division on Christmas Eve The day being-very cloBe, we bad knocked 1 ofi work; and I had taken the chance to walk across to the Creek to post my mates' letters,, and to call at the school house Olive had just dismissed her httle scholars, and was waiting: for. me on the threshold,. with a glad; weloommg light m her bonnie brown eyes As we (Strolled across,the paddocks,-1 toldher. of the proposed- division, and ot the probable amount of my share, and asked her quietly.and earnestly to be my wife on New Year's Day. She hesitated for a moment; then - she turned , her shy, sweet faoe to me, and 1 the .' answer I read there WAB quito sufficient. When I walked -home tbat bnglitj.moonlit night,. I had left a little coral-set ring behind me, and carried baok a" bunch of fragrant flowers, for;each of my mates, and; a apeoial poBie for myself. After tea;, I toldthe.boys of my. happiness, and asked them if they had any objection to ; having-tne division- that night, aB T was anxious to get to town to make-some pur-: chases for my new home. They unanimously consented. The scales Were brought-out; and; amid much laelnment;. each one's ; share was * carefully and methodically weighed out by Donald, handed over, and'politely^acknowledged with cere-: monious gravity. After -the pile had been'divided; there-still remained a trifling quantity-in the bag, and; ( in ao unlucky moment, Dave laughingly. suggested that weplaya game of poker ior-it.; Hone of UB were very great gamblers^and: the cards bad not been brought out .for some time:;- -We h^d been'-toohuBy during the5ay ; -' and too'tired'at'.mght to eare.to play: : ;I was rather.surprised, too,-.when Ahc said he knew the game So.many matches were counted out, and at it we went Dave; and I , Boon lost .our supply, and, dropping oat of the game, sat watching Don aid and ;Ahc, who were • playing 1 with varying luck. On and on they. flayed ,for. a.long time,; first -one. getting, jiown almost to. his last counter, sthen the ;other,'till-.at last bothAnwn began-, -to - get- somewhat - excited. : The colour rose in Donald's faoe, and hiB eyes, sparkled, and even.throngh. Aho's sallow.skin a tinge of .dusky red appealed. -A. feeling of-uneasiness -oame.ovar me. aa I watched both mengrow.more and:more«ager; and desperate.gamblipg tales,.and .wild- scenes on the goldfieldB roshgd to.myrecollection. -.1 hinted that it was time for .bad, .but • the players were too BbsorbBd .with their.gameto heten to me. I was sitting next to Donald, and as he tookuphishattd-after.a fresh deal of Ahe'Sj,: I felt him give a slight start, and then beoome quite'Still. : Looking over his cards, I,saw he: bad a fill hand- three jaokaand two "sevens.;; Ibieathed a sigh of relief, for I said to myself the game was well over ? At it they went, Donald continually raising Ahc, ana the latter paying up till all the. counters were gone. Then eame a^ pause, when, to my intense surpf iseand -dread, Donald'suddenly drew.out the bag-containing his share of ihe gold,' and grasping a quantity oi it, placed it, on the M \l^Sm e uch"' W l 1 1 W ' e ' gh that - 1 'Ttu^eaM X b w.th a forced smUe, and to'Davej whO:was 'Sittmg»next to 'him; valid wis Still more bomfiea to And the former nervously clutching his own bag, and to hear Dave, who was holding his oards, exclaim excitedly,:"Yes, Will,-weigh it. 'We raise him as much more " For an instant 1 hardly knew what "to do : Becoveringimyselt;iaTlittle;i:however,iItimade^ oneilaBfaappeal-to Donald and Ahojamploring'-them to refleotwhatthey were doing, and, for: the first time -since we had been mates, 1e- • ceivea an angry reply. . " Will you do as you're aBked, or-shall 1--have to do at myself"' came from Donald; in-a tone that showed the excitement he waB ^labouring under, and evidenced only too plainly the hold the gambling demon had on him.'- , ; • "Qtuok quick," repeatedly oned Aho and Dave bothjijand .recognising the futility-of arguing .with men m their, condition; I mechanicaUy-sweighea.ont'the jreeiopsmetal we had worked so hard for- eaohgram oi which now felt io any ttouch as a bar of; iron » ^ i--,.: ,, - -'-1 i Agarn and again, did I have to repeat 4fae ,we)gtong (operation for the pJayerB, till at last tYen the on"Cwe'ght\ bagEWHermpticd, and Aho and Dave—;ihe latter showing as much excitement aa if the gold at slake ^ his own—demandediLa |i£ht."„ iAt this Djmald gave a lop laugh ol triumph, and.-eastifig Sown .his -cards comlo-draw w iowardB arda hipi hi^n thedi dish oori.' to bC slop^pSd of Ahe's strong hands, who, with the other, ' [directed our attention to his cards, which now lay faoe upwards on the table There they were—one; two, < three, four ; : - Ail-the ! oolour.fled 7 from -Donald's face as he looked at- them; ieaviug. nim. as white as a -ghost,-the pallor extending evea to his hps. E!ot a moment he sat as if turned to stone, then with a wild cry he jumped across the 'table, strnck Aho a violent blow on the face, Bnatchcd -ap a kuifc, and m another moment •; -•would have -sneathed it in hiB -mate's heart, but • for - Dave's arreeting hand. —Then his arm suddenly seemed paralysed. For an instant he held the lmife m mid air, mechanically let it fall on the floor, and without another sign, or a single word,. •walked out of the tent., bareheaded and coat- : less, intothe dirk forest The whole affair only occupied a few moments; and when Dave , and I recovered : ourselves sufficiently, we rushed out after : him, leaving Alio, now the reaction had set in; miserable and: despondent,' sitting at the :. <card-;strewn table,, with his face buried m his, i Jiands. yrrhe%igh'trW4iai 5 'iBia'^&6n a ">very~oloS0' ' and murky one, had grown dark with heavy clouds, which completely obscured the moon, •and the storm that. had. been brewing all day .gave -signs .ofoits ; near: approaoh by. vivid • flashes,of lightning, that lit up the sombre : bush with a lurid glare, and, by the low growling; of the. thunder. The echoes sounding . weirdly among, the: ravmes of old Gin-Gin and his hilly, brethren. Ko trace of Donald could we find, and as . the rain had .begun to descend in large drops, : land:.heaven's aiallery open out with .great force, iwe reluctantly and : with sorrowful hearts gavejup the quest and returned to the , •tent. -.: .>••;••• When we turned into .our bunka wo'left Aho still sitting^motionless at the cable. - . All that night the storm raged fiercely, and the.rain.came down m perfeot sheets, pene-. tratmg even our well-tiaatched roof. And all that night I lay awake, thinking of poor Donald, lying unprotected, mayhap, from the tempest, under some tree, and accused my. anxiety for my own • happiness as being the primary cause of the quarrel. When the mormng broke the rain wasstill poncing down; and as we looked through the grey mist .towards the river, we could.see that -itB channel -was filled by an angry, roaring flood, that oven then was.almost bank high ; As we .stood at the threshold, (.Donald; suddenly, came towards us. Haggard, dripping: wet, and: barefooted; he had evidently, passed^the nignt in the storm.- . .• .He said nothing as.vbe paESed:,us; but walked quietly in and "crouched down close to the fire; • • '• - - •' - .• - . - , -. -. For a mom«nt Ahc 'Btood undecided, and then,, bracing, himself up, he walked ,to Donald's side, and. placing his band on his shoulder, said, "Here. Dunald; take your gola. Ino keep it... Take it;.old mate; v« • forget ourselves last night. Shake hands.!'. , The other man suduenly started to his • feet, and, gazing wildly into the- offerer's, face, exclaimed .1' Curee you ! What do you mean ? Am I such a cur that I am to be. pitied and offered charily ;by you; a cursed Chinaman, too. Keep the gold. You and I are mates no longer," and he sank^back into bis crouobing position. .. ; Abe made no reply to the insult, but took , up his old position at the door, watching the rapidly rising river,' waich was now far over its banks. .•.,.;•- . .... • Suddenly he made a sharp exclamation, : and on our turning to him for an explanation, he pointed to our shaft, which Jwe had : entirely forgotten. . . , , '" We : must brmg up the windlass and tools, and the washdirt staoked there, before the flood reaches it, ' Bald Dave, and off we. started;. Donald - among the number, the prospect of 'hard, dangerous wort, having apparently.Btirred him into life. : .Qoick as we were, however, the., water reached us before we got all the things away; and-m-a second : or two the hole was filled, -and rour tubs and cradles commenced to float down stream ; One of'the tubs went sailing past Donald, who was Btandmg gazing moodily at the Toaring : volume of water ;ruBhrag fiercely down, and he leaned slightly over aB if : endeavouring to reach it. . I cried out to bim that the grouna: he waB standing on had l-tion undermined, by the , water and was unsafe,but even before the sound ' of my voice could reach him, a great strip of the bank .slid bodily into the river, carrying -Donald with it. • - >• - -: With a loud yell I directed the others'at- : tention to the accident, and we all three : WRuc-d down the river bank. 1 Once or twioe we caught a sight of the ;.= .drowmng-man's agoniBed despairing -faoe, as ho was borne along by. the wild torrent, and we.still kept .running, with bomo faint hope • of a,rescue, till wo reached the large cutting. -: Here.there was a:«ligUt-maelstrom, trad as : poor .Donald floated by; he was caught by the edge/of,the-.pool,'and O'temporany stoppage oacutred. - i In. an instant, :«nd-before -we could make a movement to stay lum, Ahc, who 'had rapidly divested himself of- most of his clothes^ jumped'into 'the ,stream, -with a few; powerful Btrokes caught Donald by the hair; and Btruok out for the projecting point we were standing on. : Nearer and nearer he,oame; painfully toil- ^ mg iwith his burden, till, Hlmost withm our .reach; he. stopped as if ,'to take breath—^and ; that nnluoky moment lost us our two mates. ." •-. i Just ;aB he struck out -again ; -huge limb • of s-a tree:- came:' rapidly floating down.•: I •' shouted 'frantically- to warn Ahc of the danger, but he either aid not hear me or . could make no effort to save himself. - One . apomeed moment, tliat-seemed a year, and Ahc and the man he had given his own life to try to ssve were gone! j Next day, the storm having abated, we : went .over to Dolly's Greek, and, accompanied,. b r . o ^ o f T h r ^ a T e r f o r t i r e ^ ^ ^ ^ ° f our.two mates., These we found, clasped tightly together, :jn5.a.fork.ofrti tree^that foveriiungtheiivfir, an^ whioh had been strong enough to reBist the flood waters, We earned-them baok, and buried them, • still claBped-in each:Otber?fl:armB, onthe slde • of old Gin Gm, at the foot of a tall,-towenng, stately red-gum tree, and Dave, Olive and I : we the only mourners. The laBt time my wife Olive and I visited ^he old plaoe, now some years ago, the grave ; .was«carcely*eoogniBabIeffrom:ithei..aobumu^ j latfon of jwilhered leaves and springing wild plants < 1 Dave and I had had aamall stone plaocd at 1 the grave's thead, and the inscription was : almoBt-obliterated. |Not that we needed anything to remind cb til our old mates—either Pagan or OhriB-I don't pretend tot offer any opinion as to -the Suture chances pf the two m the great "Clearing up Day." I only know that Dave and I felt and still feel.tLat if in the "Great ' ;. Gettm' up MorninV we and ours pan out as w<Jl as» d Ahc-Pagan though he was—we ' shall all find ourselves m good comfortable 1 qua**MS. i Sm as he is, the Devil may he aWsed, 1 *akely r ehirgeil -and causelessly accused, a^men j-tmwiEjng Ho^ie blamed alone, -t off then crimes on him which were,! 