The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXXV. "MAGGIE'S SECRET." BY "DRAMINGO." I AM contented now; it seems that there is nothing left for me to do in life but fold my wings and pass quietly to a peaceful grave. After Clara is married I intend to devote the whole of my attention to the study of meta physics. I have come to the conclusion that it will be a study of a soothing and satisfactory nature ; tending to make a magpie dissatisfied with this world and anxious for the next; which is a consummation devoutly to be wished. I think metaphysics will be particularly adapted to the peculiar bent of my mind—the peculiar bent of my mind tending, as perhaps the reader has already noticed, towards analysis of chsracter: if the reader has not noticed this, it is due to the reader's obtuseness. I like going into the origin of motives. I should like to prove that Bloomington was a good man, but owing to an unhappy conjunction of circumstances, coupled with a slight squint, he developed into a first- class villain. The Bouncer and I have renewed hostilities. I saw there was no help for it, and accepted the situation at once ; and I'll say that for Agatha: she frankly met me half way. It came about as follows :—Agatha and Bob were talking—we'll put it that way—out in the verandah one even ing, and I was roosting close to them, when they annoyed me—l won't say how; perhaps by being too demonstrative, or too gushing, or too affectionate—but I thought it my duty to inter fere, and I did. Blood followed—not mine. Bob was indignant at my interference at a critical moment—he was just snatching the fearful joy of a stolen kiss from the Bouncer's lips—and tried to chastise me, which of course I resented; and Clara had to come and interfere. Now I know the reason of the fuss : the Bouncer had just asked a favor—well not a favor, but made a slight re quest—and Bob, with the coy manner that characterises men at tbe engaged period of their lives, had hesitated about consenting, under a slight toll; and just then I came in, and hence the row. Really it was time we had a row of some sort; everything is going too smoothly. The course of true love is running in an exactly opposite manner to that suggested by Shakespere. Jack and Mrs. Mortmain, Agatha and Bob, Clara and Nevil; really it is too much to see them all so abominably contented with themselves and their surroundings, and not able to make some disturbance somehow. I hope Nevil is happy; he looks so, and he ought to be ; and if he does not make my little girl the same there will be another death to chronicle in this veracious history ; and I'll be the murderer. I am still in doubt as to my feelings as regards Bloomington. The last time I saw him he looked so wretched and miserable that I pitied him; now on calmer consideration I retract a good deal of that pity ; I find I can't afford to waste it on anybody but myself. I am rather neglected ; it's natural, but still I can't help feeling it. Coming back after a solitary sojourn in the wilderness I cannot help noticing greatly the small and petty failings of you men and women ; they jar on me more. Now that the first gush of my return is over I think Clara is not improved ; the Bouncer has decidedly fallen away from what was never a high standard; and I'm quite sure Jack has deteriorated sadly. Well, never mind, l am bound to spend the rest of my days amongst them after all the trouble I had for so many years. It struck me suddenly after writing the above that it must be that this change in my people is imaginary. l am discontented because every, thing has happened that I wanted to happen ; all things are working together as though I was holding the reins myself, and in consequence I am, after the fashion of this world, disgusted that it is so. I remember anticipating this en gagement of Clara's, and thinking how I should enjoy it; and now that it is an accomplished fact I don't feel altogether satisfied : don't feel the void filled up as it should be. This discon tentment, this disgust with life and its surround ings, is growing upon me, I notice ; I thought my trip in the bush had cured me, but it hasn't. Yesterday morning I was in one of my dis agreeable moods, noticing everything and finding fault mentally with it. Not even the sight of the well- appointed breakfast table with the smiling faces round it could give me any joy. Clara looked very nice too; she always does in the morning, and I think that the greatest charm any girl can possess. She looks always so fresh and—and—well I'm at a loss for a word to express my meaning: she's like a flower just opening, with the kiss of the night-dew still lingering on her dainty cheek. Well, as I said before, even this did not put me in a satisfied frame of mind; I was savage at nothing in par ticular. Said the Bouncer, as she finished her third yes, her third—egg: "I wonder we don't hear from Mrs. Bloomington." " I had a letter yesterday," returned Clara. "And you never told me?" cried the Bouncer in a tone of disgust. "I have not had the opportunity yet," re marked Clara mildly ; " you were out last night, if you remember." "What does she say?" "Very little. She is unwell, she says; does not care for Sydney, and is anxious about her father, from whom nothing has been heard for months." "Where did he go! I forget," said the Bounoer. " Somewhere out West, on business." Jack had been glancing over the morning paper during this conversation, and now looked up, remarking that as usual there was nothing in it He dropped it on the ground, and I hopped up and inspected it. I saw a paragraph that had escaped his eyes. " From a Western correspondent we learn that a valu able discovery of opals has been made some distance beyond the Herbert. Nothing definite is known yet, but it is reported that three men are now out examining the locality." Why I took notice of this I can't say. I re membered something in connection with it, but what I could not clearly recall. Jack meanwhile was asking Clara about Mrs. Bloomington; in fact betraying too much interest altogether. I believe that the old fool is soft there! He expressed the deepest sympathy with her lonely situation, and if Bloomington were only hanged would I believe go down and offer her his hand at once. But Bloomington is not hanged yet, nor at all likely to be, I fancy. I could give the police a little information if they liked ; but I suppose they would be too proud to accept it from a magpie. So Mrs. Mortmain need not be alarmed yet for Jack. James is developing into a decent sort of a fellow, I believe, under the influence of bush life and good companionship. Clara is always pitying him up there by himself; but she is such a little baby ; she'd pity a blaokfellow. I think he'll be much happier where he is than in a town. After Jack was gone, the girls went into the delicate subject of dress. The near approach of the Bouncer's marriage rendered this a matter of serious importance, and it was handled with due solemnity. I like to watch Agatha at these times. To see the look of proud complacency that steals over her face as she contemplates a piece of white silk is worth large sums of money. She was in the midst of her joy when Nevil came in. With a kind spirit of fellowship Agatha made some excuse to go upstairs to her mother, and Nevil— who seemed rather put out—was left alone with his promised bride. I said he seemed put out: and evidently Clara thought so too, for after a bit she got as down cast as he was, from sheer sympathy I suppose. " Fact is," he said hurriedly at last, " I have got an unexpected call to Sydney on business, and the boat leaves at 1 to-day, so I have come to say good bye for a week." " How sudden I" cried Clara, " why you knew nothing of it last night" " No, I had not opened my letters. l am going down on a very painful errand, and would avoid it if I could ; but I must go through with it" " May I know what it is ?" she said coaxingly. "When I come back ; trust me till then." Trust him ! she had no idea of anything else; poor little simple Clara, she never for an instant imagined concealed motives anywhere. My little girl was born to be taken in all her life. They stood by the open window, talking for some time the usual nonsense you men and women talk ; and then he said good- bye. It was not a very passionate parting. Clara was not the girl you could get passionate over ; she was too straightforwardly good. You could only do as Nevil did, take her face between his hands, and turn it up, so that the honest eyes looked into his. Poor Clara! there were tears in them, as she returned her lover's kiss. Certainly he was only going away for a week, but it was very sudden. Agatha returned soon after Nevil's departure ; and was immediately expressing her surprise at the news. " Mr. Nevil going down to Sydney, suddenly," then she paused—"and Mrs. Bloomington un well ! 0 I" There was not much in this remark, but it sounded disagreeable, and Clara felt it so I am sure; but she wisely refrained from an answer. Now I had not stretched my wings for some time, so at 1 I flew down to the wharf to watch the steamer depart I like watching a crowded steamer leave a wharf. There's such a queer mixture of humanity to be found on her decks. The old hands taking parting nips with innumer able friends who keep turning up in a surprising sort of way, always too late for the last round. The young girls going down to schools in the Southern colonies, and the old girls going down on business or pleasure ; always a priest or a clergyman stalking up and down the deck by himself—why does a parson always look so lonely in a orowd !—and always a southern-bound man from some outside district, whose sunburned hands and face testify to his occupation. Well, there were all these on board, and many more. Jack was down to see Nevil off, and I saw them go away by themselves to the stern and begin talking earnestly. I flew down and perched on the awning just above their heads. " Can't be helped," Jack was saying ; "I'd do it, but I can't get leave." " I must go through with it," returned Nevil "but it's a very disagreeable task." " I suppose the letter contained no further in formation ?" "No : just a few lines written in his note book, that he sent in in a hurry." " And that's the end of it all. Well, I suppose it was to be. In this case, at least, we are blame less." "I have helped the matter on, but I can scarcely be held to blame for that," said Nevil. "No. How could you have done anything else ? it is the fortune of war." " Do you know, Jack," said Nevil after a pause, " that if my soul had to pass into an inanimate object, I should like to be the figure-head of a vessel I" " What on earth put that into your head ?" " I don't know ; but it must be grand to be always fronting the waves; taking their blows and buffets calmly, and rising after each one with the same unmoved countenance, always looking ahead." " And how jolly to hear the shrieks and yells of despair, on some stormy night, when hope was gone, and you knew that behind you lives were being lost every minute; and you were there, fastened down, to wait until your turn came to make the final plunge I" said Jack. "Not very nice I admit; but it would be worse to have a good fight going on behind your back, to hear the shots and blows, and know your own men getting wonted; to have to " "That's the third bell," interrupted Jack: " awfully sorry I can't hear the whole of your poetical image, but work it out on the trip; it only wants elaborating. Good-bye." Jack turned and went ashore, and I flew for ward. Sitting rather apart from the other passengers, not showing and not courting notice, was a shabbily dressed man. If he had had red hair, I should have said it was Bloomington ; but as he hadn't I should say that it was some body who bad stolen Bloomington's figure. You may deceive a man, but you can't a bird ; we go by instinct I did not go ashore when the others did. The steamer cast off, and was shortly steaming down the river, and then my friend in the steerage got up and began to walk about a little. Of course I was not deceived ; it was the man himself. " Fancy those two going down in the same steamer together!" I thought as I flew ashore : "it's as neat a situation as I ever heard of." Chapter XXXVI. Then Death had great pity. Thought he, "It were sweet, If instead of awaking, once more to meet Fresh toil to-morrow, on aching feet. He should slumber all care away." He arose and his face was an angel's face; He bent his head—in an instant's space The soul of that sleeper had passed to grace; Death kissed him there, where he lay. The sun was due north when Blount returned to the rendezvous at the Bluebush flat, unsuc cessful in his search. All the morning he had wandered through low forest and spinifex with out seeing a trace or token of the place where they had camped on the night he found the opal; evidently, the direction that had fallen to his lot was not the right one. He let his horse go and made up the camp fire ; there was no sign of his companions. He made some tea and had some thing to eat, then lay back smoking, thinking of the strange position he was in, and wondering what the upshot would be. About 3 Armstrong came back. "I found the place !" he remarked as he dis mounted. " And the opals?" said Blount. " Deuce a sign of anything could I see." " You are sure you were at the right place ?" "No doubt! You remember raking the stones away to get an even place to lie down on; and my setting fire to a tuft of spinifex. There's not been a fire over the ground since, and both marks are still visible." " What sort of a place is it by daylight ?' " Very little different to all the rest of the country; there seems to be a slight rise, or rather a reef of some different kind of rock, mixed with the sandstone, but, not being a geologist, I can't name it" " No water, of course ?" " No, and I think it very little good going out there again, unless it is to satisfy Dunwick." "I wish he would turn up; I am getting anxious about him." " He's no bushman I know, but he'll be no loss to society if he does not turn up again." " Probably not; I don't like him myself, but that's nothing to do with us; we must see him through in this matter. What did you know of him before ?" Armstrong was by this time seated on the ground, satisfying an appetite that a long ride in the clear wintry air had developed to its utmost. " I knew him years ago in South America," he replied in the pauses of eating bread and beef, " and his handsome daughter as well; she's a self-possessed young lady I" " Very good looking?" " Yes, as one poor fellow out there found to his cost—a young French engineer ; she played with him for her own amusement till I suppose she wanted a fresh toy ; and then well, he took it to heart, being young and foolish, and shot himself. I met her riding with her father, about half-an-hour after it was known ; I turned and rode back with them, and I never saw her in such high spirits, or knew her more genuinely agree able." " What made them come here ?" " It's a bad story, and I'm bound to hold my tongue, owing to an unfortunate act of mine when I was hard up last year. But it does not seem to have benefited them much, for they were very poor before this marriage." " What's the time by your watch!" said Blount suddenly changing the subject. "Nearly 5, and if Dunwick does not turn up soon he'll have a cold night of it, for it will be dark by 6, and he won't find us then." Darkness fell, and Dunwick had not appeared. The horses were getting thirsty, and the two men had but little sleep, what with keeping a fire blazing and watching their horses. When daylight dawned they put in execution the plan they had matured during the night. They had sufficient water with them to give one horse a good drink, and still have some left. Dunwick was evidently lost, and the only chance was to track him up. Armstrong was the best tracker of the two, so he would remain and do it, with one horse, whilst Blount took the others back to water, filled the water-bags, and came back. " I don't suppose I shall get back before day light to-morrow," said Blount, as he prepared to start ; " the horses will go from here to the water without any trouble, but coming back will be a different thing, and I shall have a job ; so don't reckon on me before to-morrow morning." Armstrong had been writing on a leaf of his note-book; he now tied it to his handkerchief, and fastened it in a conspicuous position on a bush. " I've told him to wait here, and under no cir cumstances to leave the camp again," he said ; " but I don't think he will turn up whilst we are away." Armstong helped bis friend a short distance until the horses settled down on their outward track, and strung on steadily, then he left to try and track Dunwick. Blount reached the river about 9, the horses having travelled pretty fast for the last ten miles, knowing they were going to water. A spell of a couple of hours was absolutely necessary before starting back ; and the sun was low ere Blount got fairly on his way to where he had parted from Armstrong. As he had anticipated, he had a very difficult job. The horses were hungry and tired, and the progress he made was very small. All he could do was to keep them going slowly in the right direction all night. Once off the downs and in the spinifex country he got on better, as the horses did not try to stop and feed ; but at daylight he was still some distance from the camp. During the night he had got off the tracks, so, tying the horses up to await his return, he rode north, and in about half-a-mile cut the trail. He came back, took the horses up, and in an hour's time reached the camp. No one had been near it since he left; not even a crow had found its way so far into the lonely wilderness. Nothing for it but to wait; and he let the horses go and flung himself down to seek companionship from man's faithful friend, a pipe of tobacco. Two long hours, that seemed like days, passed over, during which he started up constantly with every sense strained to the utmost; then he heard a sound in the distance, and saw a man approaching on foot It was Armstrong. Blount picked up a small water-bag, and went to meet him. Armstrong put his lips to the bottle-neck that formed the mouth of the bag, and drank long and deeply before speaking. "No luck, he said, when he had satisfied his thirst " I stuck to his tracks all day yesterday, and at night I had to short-hobble and tie my horse up, for he would not stay by himself ; so this morning he knocked up, and I had to walk back. Fortunately the tracks had been working round in a circle, so I had not so very far to make back here." " And you have no idea what has become of him!' "I am afraid it's a case. He still had his horse where I left the track; and, if he husbands the water he had with him, we may yet find him alive. But we must hurry; the days are so short now.' Hastily catching two fresh horses, they started to go to where Armstrong had left the track; Armstrong riding barebacked, as he had left his saddle on the trail where his horse knocked up. Silence and stillness settled down over the camp, and reigned all night, broken only by the snort of a horse or the clink of a hobble chain ; and when morning came the solitude was complete. Neither of the men had returned ; and the horses, left to their own devices, had started in hobbles back to the water. Dunwick, on leaving his companions, had kept a fairly western course by the compass for two or three miles ; then he commenced zigzagging, in order to cover more ground, and, not finding anything, after some hours turned to go back to camp ; but he never reached it. In riding back wards and forwards he had got out of his reckon ing altogether, and the terrible monotony of the low forest he was in, and utter absence of land marks, completely puzzled him. Had he on first finding this out, whilst his hone had still some thing left in him, made back for the river, which he was bound to strike on an easterly course, he might have saved himself; but this never occurred to him. On fully realising the fact that he was bushed he lost heart and nerve, and started on an aimless random search after the camp, every step of which took him more completely astray. Then night came on, cold and clear. He had matches with him, and a little water sill left in his waterbag. He fastened his horse up, and made a fire, and passed a miserable night of fear and discomfort. Morn ing broke. His wretched horse, tied to a tree throughout a oold night, hungry and thirsty, gave in after a few hours ; and now he was in deed alone. If he had thought, had reasoned at all, he would have waited there trusting to his comrades to follow his track, but he was com pletely unnerved, and terrified at his position. Still, in the same aimless purposeless manner, he rambled off on foot, with every step put ting a greater distance between himself and succor. Towards evening Blount and Armstrong were at the place where he had abandoned his horse, and then they gave up all hope. Over the bare hard desert ground, amongst the unbending spiky spinifex, it was almost impossible to track a man on foot, when every hour meant life and death, and was pre cious accordingly. Patiently and untiringly they worked on so long as the light lasted, and then camped to await daylight. They had taken the precaution to bring blankets to cover their horses with, in order to eke out their strength as much as possible ; the men themselves sat smoking over a small fire, or indulged in short naps, till the long dark hours were over. Meanwhile the man they were in search of wandered on, finding no change in the everlast ing desolation that surrounded him, no hope, no chance of succour. That night the solitude was too much for him ; he was getting thirsty, too, and fancy was playing him strange tricks. He kept hearing voices, but when he called in answer somebody seemed to laugh mockingly. Once he thought he saw a fire and made for it; there were men sitting round it, three of them ; still he did not dare to show himself, but crawled up cautiously to watch them. It was real this time, he thought, not another delusion ; he could hear them convers ing ; they were talking about men being lost in the bush, and dying alone by themselves, with foul carrion birds watching them, and stealthy dingoes sniffing about. One man told a story, how a helpless wretch lay thus, and the horrible crows kept coming nearer and nearer, growing bolder and bolder, as they got used to the feeble movements that terrified them at first; and how the ants found him out ere death, and filled his mouth and ears with their spiteful myriads. And as he listened to all this be got so terrified that he rushed for ward crying to them, and all was darkness and silence. Then he knew that he was going mad. He threw himself down on the ground, and tried to think and reason calmly, but the loneli ness overwhelmed and tortured him, so that he had to jump up and start away again. And now he was no longer alone; a man with a wet draggled blanket over his shoulders, with a bloody smear on one temple, kept standing in front of him. He oould not see the face, for it was averted, but he knew it was his brother's. The most complete solitude lasting through centuries would be better than this. He turned to rush another way, but the figure was everywhere, and he could not avoid it. All through that night, under the pure glittering stars that shone above so mock ingly serene and calm, that figure accom panied him; with morning it vanished. In the glad daylight his tortured brain grew calmer, the gloomy horrors of the solitary dark ness faded away, and he could think more calmly. He was weak, tired, and thirsty; would it not be better to lie down and die quietly—to give up at once ? He thought he would go on a little fur ther first, and for nearly an hour he staggered on. Just as he stopped he saw a clear space a short distance ahead. He struggled on, and found a small blue-bush flat; beyond were trees of a dif ferent foliage to those surrounding him, and he made towards them. The flat formed into a small creek or watercourse; and, as he ap- proached, a huge eagle-hawk rose and flapped heavily away. There was water there, then ! At the bottom of a small clayey hole was a little muddy fluid—putrid and stagnant— barely a gallon of it; but he threw himself down on his face, and drank greedily. And the eagle- hawk sat on a blasted coolibah tree, and watched him. His thirst satisfied, he lay down on the bank exhausted. Soon he was seized with violent vomiting, that left him weaker than ever. He drank more cautiously afterwards, sucking the foul water through his handkerchief ; then he mustered up strength to look around. The little watercourse soon lost itself in another flat; but just to his right there was a change in the sameness of the desert, and a bold jutting rock was visible ; beyond it a slight rise, a peak or small knob. Urged on by some strange feeling he could not account for, he mustered up his energies and went towards it. Beyond he saw another little watercourse, brief and shallow as the one he had just left, and beyond it again another small rise, surmounted by a rock. It flashed across him—the words of the diary : "two rocks, two peaks, two creeks." He was standing on the very spot, and at his feet was the wealth he had sighed for and sinned for. Down at the foot of the small slope was an out crop of quartz, and he went to it; on the peak across the creek was the same ; and after a care ful examination he found in both indications of gold. He was so weak that he could not break much off, but after a little toil he detached a large piece, and succeeded in smashing it up. It was wonderfully rich; in several places the bits of stone refused to come apart, being held to gether by thin threads of gold. Both out crops seemed equally rich. During the ex citement caused by this disoovery, he had almost forgotten the horror of his position ; suddenly he remembered it. At his feet was untold wealth ; just ahead of him, waiting for him, was death. He had found it but to lose it Then hope grew strong within him ; Blount, Armstrong—good men and true—would follow and find him ; he had only to wait and live, then they would come. Little did he know how his friends, tired and dispirited, were wearily follow ing and tracking his frantic doubles and eccentric rambles of the last twelve hours ! " I give it up," said Armstrong at last "We must go on spec," said Blount; " it's impossible to track him, I admit; it's all bare rock almost. Let's quarter the country round about; he can't surely be far away; he may hear us if we call." They tried for hours, crossing each other, and awakening the desert with shouts such as it had never heard before, but they got no answer. "We must go back to the river, or we shall lose our horses, and we can do nothing then," said Armstrong. " This is a strange fix," returned Blount "If we go away we shall never find him alive ; if we stay we shall probably remain here altogether." "No doubt of that last. We must have horses to prosecute the search, and horses, even in the winter time, won't live without water; will they, old man?" " No, I see the necessity; but, by God, it seems like deserting a comrade." "It must be done. We shall have to walk back to camp as it is, and I expect all the horses will have cleared out by the time we get there." Barely two miles from where this conversation was held Dunwick was sitting beside the pool of liquid mud, and the eagle-hawk was still sitting on the withered limb watching him. The sun went down, and one by one the southern con stellations shone out in the cloudless sky, and again the haunted solitary felt the terrors of the desert come thronging around him. Again he kept hearing voices talking, and called in answer, only to hear the same weird laughter in reply. Again that stooping figure with the ghastly wound on the temple came and sat beside him. sat there silent and still throughout the fearful vigil he had to keep—alone, and lost. When once more the sun sent its warming flush ahead to kindle the eastern sky into a soft smile of welcome, another visitor had oome to the wretched man—had taken pity on him, the kindest pity we poor mortals can receive in this world—had touched him with a touch as gentle as a mother's, as tender as a girl's first love-kiss—had taken him quietly away from out the horrors of a lingering death, and hushed him into the sleep that we hope knows neither dreams nor nightmare. When the eagle-hawk looked down on the lonely man lying on the bank, there was a smile on the set face such as it had never worn in life, there was a look in the half-closed eyes such as no living man looks forth with. The ghosts might come with impunity the following night to mock and jeer at the still cold form ; it was one of themselves now, and heeded them not. Afar from its kind, in the deep hush and silenoe of the desert, the guilty soul had gone to render its account to that supreme power that after cen turies of doubt and dispute we can (neither define nor understand. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 