Something about Weddings. This paper is meant more particularly for the fair sex. ' I want a hero,' like Byron ; and here is one to suit our purpose — tin has ehcralitr, from which we have all along derived oar word bachelor. Bachelor is a very old word, and is used in early French poetry for a young man, as bacliclettc is for a irirl. So also in Chaucer : ' A young squire. A lover, and a lusty bachelor.' And for a heroine we will choose this spinster, as single women are called, becauRC it was formerly a maxim that a voting woman should never be married until she had spun herself a set of body, table, and bed linen. We will'suppose'the happy bridegroom has purchased the wedding-ring1, and placed it on the fourth finger of the bride's left hand, because some say there is a vein communicating between this finger and the heart. But that is nonsense. The plain golden hoop is placed upon that particular digit because in the origi nal formulary of marriage it was placed first on the top of the thumb, with the words, ' In the name of the Father ;' then on the top of the next finger, with ' And of the Son ;*' then on the middle finger, with ' And of the Holy Ghost ;' and finally on the fourth, with the ' Amen.' An amusing myth is told of the origin of the finger-ring. When Jove released Prometheus from the bonds by tfhhh he had been confined, he condemned him, as a sort of penance — perhaps somewhat after the fashion of a modem tickct-of-leave— to wear upon his finger as a ring a link of the iron chain that bound him to the Caucasian rock, in which was net a frag ment of that rock itself. There is even- reason to believe that this use of the engraved stone began with the Greeks, and from them was copied by the Konians. It is even' way a convenient and natural one, and our grandfathers' custom of wearing their seals at the fob, or hanging from the side pocket, was a recurrence to the old Assyrian usages which did not long holdits ground. Wo wonder if the lady possesses the 30 requisites. You don't know what these are Y Here they are : — 'Thirty points of perfection, each judge under stands, The standard of feminine beauty demands ; Three white— and without further prelude we know That the skin, hands, mid teeth should be pearly as snow ; Thi-ec bUick— and our standard departure forbids From dark eyes, darksome tresses, and darkly fringed Has ; Three red— and the lover of comeliness seeks I'or the hue of the rose in the lips, nails, and checks ; Three long— anil ol this you are no donbt awarp. Long the body stiould be, lung the hands, long the hair; Three short— and here nicest beauty appears— l'eet short as a fairy's, short teeth , and short cars ; Tliree large— and remember this rule as to Ar.e Kmbraccs the shoulders, the forehead, the thighs ; Three narrow— a maxim to every one's taste— Circumference small in mouth, ankle, and waist ; Three round — and in this I see infinite charms— Hounded fulness apparent in leg, hip, and uiuis ; Three fine — andean aught the enchantment eclipse Of fine tapering lingers, fine tresses, line lips ? Three small— and my thirty essentials are told— Small head, nose, and bosom compact in its mould. Now the dame who comprises attractions like these Will need not the cestus of Venus to please ; While he who hath met with a union bo rare Has had better luck than has fallen to my share.' Dear Indies, hurry to your mirrors ! Nowadays the blushing bride monopolizes all the veil ; but it was not always so. It was the custom among the Anglo-Saxons to per form the nuptial ceremony under a square piece of cloth, held at ea'ch comer by a tall man over the bridegroom and the bride to conceal her virgin blushes ; but if the bride was a widow, the veil was dispensed with. But she can't use all the bridecake, which is a token of the firm conjunction between man and wife, and was originally a cake of wheat or barley. ' The English,' says Dr. Moffat, ' when the brido comes from church, are wont to cast wheat upon her head.' And Herrick : ' While some repeat our praise, and bless you, sprinkling you with wheat.' Then the cake used to be cut in little Bquare pieces, thrown over the bride and bridegroom's head, then put through the ring nine times, and afterwards laid under pillows at night to cause young persons to dream of their lovers. Pleasant be their dreams ! And how attractive these blooming damsels look with the ' breist knote' on their palpitating bosoms. Among the ancient Northern nations these bride favours, or true-love knots, seem to have been the symbol of indissoluble love, faith, and friendship. Hence the ancient Runic in scriptions are in the form of a knot; and hence among the nerlhern English and Scots, who still retain, in a great measure, the language and manners of the ancient Danes, that curious kind of knot which is a mutual present between the loyer and his mistress, and which, being considered the emblem of plighted fidelity, is therefore called a 'true love knot'— a name which is not derived, as may naturally be supposed, from the words 'true'1 and 'love,' but from the Danish verb trufofa, I plight my troth or faith. Thus in the Icelandic Gospels the following passage in the first chapter of St. Matthew confirms beyond a doubt the sense here given : — ' Til eihrar Meyar cr trulofad var einum Manne,' &c.; — i.e., to a virgin espoused ; that is, who has promised or had engaged herself to a man. But the ceremony is over ; the two are mado one— which is the one will be settled after wards—and the happy couple are ready to depart. Let ub accompany them to the door, and ' When the words are said, and the wedding** sped, And along new paths beguiling, While all the world in their Joy seem furi'd, The bride and the groom go smiling. Amid every form, in the tender storm Of kisses and tears and laughter. Never fail to cast, as a kindness last, The old shoe of good- luck after.' Very few. probably, of the thousands who throw old shoes after bridal parties as they are leaving home know anything of the origin of the custom. Like almost all our customs, it is ancient, and can be traced to Bible times. It was then the custom for the brother of a childless man to marry bis widow, or, at least, he had the refusal of her. If he chose to reject her, the ceremony was public, and con sisted in her loosing his shoe from his foot and spitting in his face. His giving up ibe shoe was the symbol of abandoning all dominion over her; spitting in his face was an assertion of her independence. There was an affair of this kind between Ruth and Boaz. In Borne parts of the East it was customary to carry a slipper before the newly married pair as a token of the bride's subjection. The custom is very old also in Scotland. The usual saying is that it is thrown for luck; but originally it meant a virtual renuncia tion of authority over the bride by her parents. It was formerly a custom among the Germans for the bride, when she was conducted to her bedchamber, to take off her shoe and throw it among the guests. Who ever caught it in the struggle to obtain it received an omen that he or she would soon be happily married. Train, in his ' History of the Isle of Man,' save, ♦' On the bride groom leaving1 his house it was customary to throw an old shoe after him, and in like manner after the bride on leaving her home to proceed to church, in order to insure good lock to each other respectively ; and if by stratagem either of the bride's shoes could be token oft by any spectator on her wbv from church, it bad to be ransomed by the bride groom.* In Kent, after the couple have started on their tour, the single ladies are drawn up in one row and the j bachelore in another. An old riioe is then thrown as far as possible, and the ladies run for it ; the successful one being the first female who, it is supposed, will be married. She then throws it at thn gentlemen, and the one who is hit by it is deemed to be the first male who will enter wedlock. Generally it is considered the older the shoes the better.' Xow our couple are off '. Hip. hip, hnrrah ! This com mon exclamation was originally a war-cry adopted by the stormers of a German town where a great many Jews had taken refnpre. The place being Racked, they were all put to death amid shouts of ' Hicrosolyma at prrdita.1' From the first letters of these words (h. e. p.) an exclamation was contrived. Few of those who raise the English cheer in festivity or battle are aware that they use a cry associated with the fall of Jerusalem and those bloodthirsty persecu tions of the Jews by so-called Christians which are so foul a stain upon the page of history. We have heard 'hurrah' ascribed to the battle-cry of the Teutons, ' Haro ! ' lhe name of one of their deities. Our happy pair are away to spend their Honah Moon, this also being a word of Teutonic origin. The Teutons had a favourite drink called metheglin, made of mead of honey, and much like the mead of European countries. This honeyed diink was used more especially at marriage festivals, which were kept up among the nobility one lunar month, the festive board being well supplied with mctheglin. Honah Moon signifies the moon, or month, of the marriage_ festival. Alaric, the Goth, celebrated in Soulhey's poem, died on his wedding-night from a loo free indulgence in the honeyed drink. May the newly mamed pair live to enjoy many anni versaries of their wedding-day : mid what 'a Dumber of different anniversaries then? are now. That at the expira tion of the first year is called the cotton wedding ; two SPRING. years, paper ; three years, leather or straw ; five years, wooden ; ten years, tin ; twelve years, silk and fine linen ; fifteen years, crystal; twenty years, china; twenty-five years, silver; thirty years, pearl'; forty years, ruby; fifty years, golden; seventy-five years, diamond. These cele brations are usually originated and managed by the friends of the couple interested, for obvious reasons, and the presents must be of the material which conforms to the name of the anniversary. With the cxeeption of the silver and golden weddings, and occasionally the wooden and tin, these anniversaries are seldom celebrated. Among other questions which they will soon have to settle is that of pin-money ; and it is to be hoped the hus band will be liberal. Pins were invented in France, accord ing to one authority, in the year 1543, during the reign of Francis I. Another says pins were first introduced into England by Catherine Howard, fifth wife of Henry VIII. ; while Stowe says they are mentioned in the British statutes as an article of foreign commerce as early as 1483. How ever, before their invention ladies used' small skewers of ivory, wood, and bone, as well as clasps, loops, &c;, and pins were considered a great luxury, and not fit for common use ; and the maker was not allowed to sell them in an open shop except on New Year's Day and its eve. Husbands or fathers who allowed their wives or daughters private spending money called it pin-monp.y, on account of the dearaess of pins. The private pockey-money of the wives of Gloucester, where the largest pin manu factory in England is, is called pin-money to the present day. What if the young' wife should turn out an Amazon — one of those bold, mannish women, like the warlike females of Cappadocia, who cut off their right breasts in order to shoot the better, and admitted men amongst them only once \ a year? Or what if she should prove a blue-rtocldng, ; besmearing her fingers with ink, while her lord and master j looks after the baby ? The appellation of blue-stocking is . understood to have originated in the dress of oM Benjamin j Stillingfleet, as he used to appear at the parties of Mrs. Montagu in Portman-square. He was jilted by a mistress to whose remembrance he remained faithful, and, in spite of the disappointment which he then felt, he remained to the last one of the most amiable of men and entertaining of companions. Mr. Stillingfleet almost always wore blue worsted stocking, and whenever he was absent from Mrs. Montagu's evening parties, as his conversation was very entertaining, the company used to say. ''We can do nothing without the blue stockings;' and by degrees the assemblies were called Blue-stocking Clubs* and learned people blue-stockings. Hear Byron : ' But — oh ! ye lords of ladies intellectual. Inform us truly, have they not henpeck'd you all V It may be said of the term 'henpecked' that it is grounded on actual observation, and is truo to nature and to fact. The ordinary cock of the farmyard, however bold and fightful in his bearing towards other barndoor ronks, will sometimes submit to be pecked by his hens without resistance. Reaumier relates how two hens, being shut up with a cock, they both together attacked him, and succeeded in killing him. Several cocks were afterwards shut suc cessively with the same two hens, and would have shared the fate of the first if not withdrawn in time. The extra ordinary part of this case was thut the cooks were strong and bold, and would easily have governed 30 rebel hens at large, yet cooped up did not attempt to defend thomselvns. or even to avoid the attacks of the furies, their wives. - Hence the peculiar import and significance of the term ' henpecked.' Swift's Cudgelled Husband : ' Tom fought with three men, thrice ventur'd his life. Then went home, and was cudgelled again by his wife.' It is possible that in future life the gray mare may turn out the better horse ; in which case the unfortunate Benedict has our sympathy. The story of this proverb has fceen often told, but it will bear repetition. A gentleman having married a lady of considerable fortune, and with many other charms, finding in a very short time that she was of a high, domineering spirit, and always contending to be mistress of him and his family, he was resolved to part with her. Accordingly he went to her father and told him he found his daughter of such a temper, and was so heartily tired of her, that if he would take her home again he would return every penny of her fortune. ' Son,' said the old man, after inquiring into the cause of complaint, ' you are but little acquaiHted with the world if you do not know that all women govern their husbands ; though not all, indeed, by the same method. However, to end all dispute between us, I will put this matter to the proof, if you are willing to try it. 1 have five horses in my stable; you shall harness these to a cart, in which I shall put a basket containing a hundred eggs ; you shall pass through the country, and make strict inquiry into the truth or falsehood of my asser tion, and leave a horse at the house of every man who is master of his family himself, and an egg only where the wife governs. If you find your eggs gone'before your horses, I hope you will then think your own case not un common, but will be contented to go home and look upon your wife as no worse than her neighbours. If, on the other hand, your horses are gone first, I will take my daughter home again, and you will keep her fortune -? I This proposal was too advantageous to be rejected ? I young man, therefore set out with great eagerness to Z I rid, as he thought, of h:s horses and his wife. At the fit I bouse he came to he heard a woman, with a shrill and an I voice, call to her husband to go to the door. Here he T?t I an egg, you may be sure, without making further inouirr ? At the next he met with something of the same kind ? anfl I at every house, in short, until his eggs were almost eonp I when he arrived at the seat of a gentleman of good farm] | ' I in the country. He knocked at the door, and inquiring I for the master of the house, was told by a semnf I that his master was not yet stirring, but if he pleaded i walk in, his lady was in the parlour. The lady, with'-rrp',t complaisance, desired him to be seated, and said if V business was very urgent she would wake her husband and let him know it, but she had rather not disturb 'him Having explained the reason of his visit, ' Indeed sir '' said the lady, ' I shall make no scruple to siy that i hnvo been always' proud to obey my husband in allthinps- but if awomau's own word is to be suspected in such a case let him answer for me, for here he comes.' Thepentie' man at this moment entered the apartment, and, after so-ne apologies, being made acquainted with the business, eon firmed every word his obedient wife had reported in her own favour ; upon which he was invited to choose which horse in the team be liked best, and accept of it as a present a black gelding struck the fancy of the gentleman most;' but the lady desired he would choose a gray mare, which sho thought would be very fit for her own use. Her husband gave good reason why the black horse would be most useful to tbein ; but madam still persisted in her claim to the gray wave. 'What!' said she, 'and will you not take her. then ? But I sav von shall t^ r __ convinced the gray mare is the better horse ' ' Well, my dear,' replied her husband, 'if it mu6t be so ? ' 'You must take an egg,' said the gentleman carter, 'and I must take all my horses back again and endeavour to live happy with my wife.'' And so time posses with the married couple until some of us are called upon to bestow one or more Apostle-spoons to a voun« namesake. These spoons were fonnerlv offered by sponsors at christenings as presents to their godchildren ; just in tbo same way we give a knife and 'tf ork to our little namesakes They derived their names from the figures of the Apostles carved on the tops of the handles. Opulent sponsors gave the whole 12 ; those in middling circumstances gave the four evangelists ; wtrilc poorer persons gave the Apostle in honour of whom the child received its name. According to Stove, the fashion originated in the reign of Elizabeth ; and this would seem to be confirmed by the numerous allusions to the custom to be found in the writings of Shakspeare and his con temporaries. Thus, in ' Henry VIII.,' when Cranmer declares himself to be un worthy of being sponsor to the young princess, Shakspeare mukes the king reply : -? Come, come, my lord, you'd spare your spoons.' Ben Jonson nlso mentions them in his ' Bar tholomew Fair :' ' And all this for the hope of nn Apostle-spoon and a cup to eat caudle in.' — North British Advertiser. 