SOUTH AUSTRALIA. DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. TTTR CHRISTIAN BROTHERS' BOHOOL8 (Southern Crdss, '25th January.) On Monday last, the feast of SS. Fabian and Sebastian, M.M., the newly-erected school-rooms were formally opened. Previous to the commencement of the school duties, in accordance with thf usage of the Church, the buildings were solemnly blessed in the presence of a large concourse of friends of Catholic education and of the parents of the pupils. The Bishop commenced the ceremonies at ten o'clock, and was assisted by the Archdeacon (Right Rev. Abbot Alcock, O.S.B.), Fathers Prendergast, Williams,. O'Sullivan, Esser, Cormack, Murray, and M'Closky, also by the Christian Brothers, and about 100 of their pupils. Holy Sacrifice of the Mass was then celebrated y Father Esser, after which the Bishop addressed the assemblage as follows: Dearest Brethren and Children in Jesus Christ,—I cannot allow the events f this day to paBs without saying a fetv words to you, and ask you to join with me in thanking God for His loving kindness, which has helped us thus far in the work we have undertaken, to the honour and glory of His Holy Name. It was only a few months ago, the 15th of August of last year (Lhe Feast of Our Blessed Lady's Assumption), they laid the foundation of that building and asked the blessing of Almighty God upon it, and now they were met to offer the building to the glory of His name. It was a work secuud only to the Cathedral yonder, for in these schoolstheir children would be trained day after day in the knowledge of Goi and of our Saviour Jesus Christ, as well as receive ail the advantages of a secular education. In these days it seemed that God was to have no part in the educational system that prevailed. Its advocates said they would have secular education, and in order not to ruffle the feelings of anybody they would have secular education only, &nd; show that ia this age of enlightenment there should be no religious teaching at all in the schools. Such was the position those people had assumed in this matter. With the Catholic community, on the other hand, the principle of their system of education lay in the first question of their catechism—" Why did God make man ?" and the answer to it—" To know and serve Him on earth in order that we may be happy with Him hereafter in heaven." From this arose the principle upon which their religious teaching was based. Everything else was but secondary to it. From the earliest ages their Church had established schools in which the children were taught the knowledge of Jesus Christ, together with secular knowledge, and they had produced some of the greatest men in history. Century after century these schools had gone on multiplying and extending • their influence, and the same zeal and energy were displayed at the present day, despite the many difficulties which the Church had to encounter. Great difficulties were contended with by his predecessors, especially at the time when the gold diggings broke out, and the colony was almost depopulated. Education was then greatly retarded, and buildings had to do duty as churches on the Sunday and schools on week days. But now there was a great improvement in these matters, and that day they had commenced that which he had long sought for, and for which his clergy had laboured with him. During the past five years he had been keenly alive to the need which existed for an. institution of this kind. Provision, it is true, had been made for primary education in several parts of the diocese—provision for primary,, middle class, and high schools for the female portion of the flock ; but with the exception of St. Aloysius' College, Seven Hills, they had but few chances of giv- ing a Catholic education to their boys. I do not mean to disparge the schools at St. Francis Xavier's Hall, and at St. Patrick's. No ; they did their work well. But we wanted an organisation, such as we now, thanks to God, possess, by which not only primary and higher class education would be imparted, but also a training school would be established, where religion and science, hand in hand, would enable the Christian Brothers to extend the good'work to various missions of this diocese. Their legislators had forgotton to do justice ip them, but they would eventually see it and understand their wants. . They hacl endowed schools with the' ptablic inoney and held them out as snares to,,their Catholic youth; but the latter c6uld hot take advantage of them, for the standard was secularism, which meg,nt infidelity. It mustnot bethought heised words too strong on an occasion of that kind. The bitter experience of the past, as well as from tittle to time revelations of the advocated of a sectibr' eflnoai^/oi&M; UB to be &fe;*e-and mqre pusj^&US; SjT a system pwftesse'dj^OTeBgu^pK system which is ^ppre^ve^^t^^^JathbliOT, but also to a large pfttoorooh ef non- Catholics throu^buf/^plSoIbtiy. cannot mj»Se*Sise01f-lijgg^*'iafe science, j The- topen 'violation of justice far preferable to the treacherous liberality of our days. A few facts, my dear children in Christ, will show you that our grievance is not an imaginary onp nor our distrust of such, systems unfounded ; that the Church, your Mother, valuing the salvation of your immortal souls, deems it her greatest glory to greet your education and to make every sacrifice to secure to you a sound education, "based on religion, and so teach you the duty you owe to your Creator, to your neighbour, and to yourselves. After the Catholic emancipation in Ireland, England, and Scotland, a bill was introduced into Parliament specially for Ireland, called the National System of Education. The Church looked upon it with great suspicion, and events showed that those prelates who suspected it were right. A few holy and well-meaning men thought they could make use of the system, bnt they lived long enough to see it was only a system of treachery to rob their children of their faith. The leading spirit of that system in Ireland was Dr. Richard Whately, who waB sent to be Protestant Archbishop in Dublin. He was a man of great ability, but one of the most unprincipled of men. He declared to the Catholic Archbishop that his desire was to meet him in a fair spirit, and make mutual concessions. But a very different revelation was made by his daughter, Miss Jane Whately, in her memoir of him. In the first edition of that book she ut) published uui»»™ some of her father's letters, amontt"which was" one which ran—''My dear "Carlyle—We n < i tut. have !,...,„ succeeded. o.mnonfiAri »' (This was when he was bringing out the fifth edition of a school book under the new system—a book in which he made an insinuation against the divinity of Christ, onr Lord, Saviour, and Redeemer, and to which the late Cardinal Cullen drew attention in one of his pastorals.) " I am glad to say that the work we have inaugurated is gradually undermining Popery, but I dare not say this openly, for were I to avow it, it would destroy all. Hence I am fighting with my left hand, my best one being tied behind my back." What a family likeness there was between this and another private letter from an earnest abettor of secular education in in Sydney to the Right Rev. Dr. Barker, the Anglican Metropolitan of Australasia. The letter was marked "Private," and stated—" Dear Lord, don't be uneasy. The system we have established will not interfere with your people. We don't want to interfere with your Bible. Our real motive is to crush Popery and the influence of Jesuitism." To the honour of the Bishop he did not recognise the communication as a private letter, and he published it in a Sydney newspaper. This occurred last year only. Even the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, had been stigmatised as a Jesuit in disguise because he stated plainly the mistake that was being made by this system of secular education, especially as it affected the Roman Catholics. The injustice done them, he declared, demanded immediate redress. Under the care of the Christian Brotherhood in Ireland there were now 50,000 boys receiving a purely Catholic education. In this locality he confidently committed the good work of these schools to their care, and though he might not five to see the full fruit of it, yet he felt assured he would live long enough to see this institution a blessing to the diocese. In a short time they would also have a training-school for teachers. In every age, whether in the gloom of the catacombs or'in the days of peace, after the •conversion of Censtaniine the Church was the nursing mother, the guide, the supporter of true education. During the first three centuries, the days of martyrs, no lasting system could be well organised. Yet enough had been done to wake the brutal Diocletian's terrible decree. We know from Acts of the Martyrs that in Nicomedia Christians were not only denounced for erecting churches, but also for establishing schools! Still the arrangement made must have been good when they gave the world such heroic youths as Pancratiufi, such teachers as Cassianus, such apologists as Justin; such models of feminine grace and modesty and learning as Lucy Agnes, Agatha, and Catherine, of Alexandria; such Boldiers as Sebastian and Maurice, with Ids Theban Legion. Such models us these, my dear children, the Christian Brothers, to whose care I now oommit yon, will, by their example and precept, train you to emulate, so that by being true Christian scholars you will become a blessing to your parents, an ornament to society, and a consolation' to the Church. Let us then return thanks to our Merciful God, by whose holy aid this day has become auspicious in the annals of the diocese. It is an event for which I, your Bishop have long and {anxiously looked, a day for which 1 have earnestly prayed. Prom the friilaess of my heart I implore God's blessing upon this place, now dedicated to the glory of His holy name, and for the advancement of Christian education. May every grace that flowed from the sacred heart of Jesus, our dearest Lord, be upon you, my dear children, upon the community of the Christian Brothers who have undertaken your guidance, and upon your parents. I now declare this school duly open in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The new school and convent are built on a block of land facing Wakefieldstreet, corner of Ackland-street. Of the convent we 6ball speak when completed. The school-rooms are 40 x 28 feet each, 17 feet 6 inches high, besides two classrooms 16 x 1G feet. The ceiling is of pine, stained and varnished; the walls of Glen Osmond stone, with stuccoed dressing'. The rooms are thoroughly ventilated by Tobin pipes in each corner and under windows, whilst the heated air will be carried off by large ventilators in the ceiling. Under supervision of the architect (Mr. Bayer), the work is being rapidly and most satisfactorily carried out by the contractors, Messrs. M. Walsh and J. B. Siebert. 