\- — -- --- " " — mustered and peppered. y BT MAECCS CLARKE. In the yenr in which I was horn, No. 309 Regent-street was enlarged, repaired and gene rally adapted into that which was to be the glory- and delight of all good little cockney Khoolbovs— the Polytechnic Institution. My first recollection of this place of won ders is-but a dim one. I have a remembrance of whirring wheels, and darkened rooms, where a magical procession of pictures swept on wards in self-lighted splendor. Benevolent voices spoke out from the gloom and discoursed of weird secrets in nature. A shining and brnren-beaded monster clambered out of a bottomless pool and glared with huge wire- covered eyes. It seemed to me afterwards that I had been for the nonce a young Kubla Khan, who did A stately pleasure dome decree, tVlicrc Alph the sacred river ran Through caverns measureless to man, . Down to a sunless sea. But when the schoolboy days came, and one's " holidays" had to he provided for, the beauties of the Polytcchnio were unveiled. There were among middle- class Londoners but four places of amusement for holiday bora — the Natural History' department of the British Museum, the Zoological Gardens, Sladame Tussaud's Exhibition, and the Polytechnic Institution. Under convoy of faithful John, B and I visited all the places of entertainment. The Tower and the Great Globe of Wilde, in Bei- fceter-square, were matters of sterner moment, and :'the heads of the Home department themselves — a little wearily,. perhaps, but still majestically — acted as ciceroni on such occa sions.' But to the animal creation, living or dead, R and I went unrestrained by domestic interference. I can see the bear pit now quite plainly if I close my eyes, and believe I could recognise my giraffe — he had burst bis middle seams, through a surfeit of straw — If I ever met.him. The sleeping lady, and the gentleman with the snuff-box — was it Cobbett? —who sat inside the door of the Waxworks just to tempt one to tread on his waxen toe and apologise — visit me now and then in my : sleep, -and once — the faithful John had met his sweetheart, I believe, and was off guard — we clubbed our sixpences for Bluebeard's Chnm- ber and revelled over Marat in I113 bath, and Mr. Greenacre in his dock — "with the clothes he wore at his execution." I wa9 powerfully affected by that line in the catalogue, and could not approach the decorous broadcloth which seemed to smell of the grave and to in spire thoughts of horror. I wonder if wearing k murderer's clothes would make one feel mur derous? Ingoldsbv hints something of the kind in Jerry Jar'vis's Wig. R — , in after-life wrote an account of an imaginary midnight revel in the horrible place, during which all the wax figures recounted their deeds, and Thurtell led off the ball with Mrs. Manning. But the Polytechnic was a milder joy, a serener delight. The Diver lost his terrors and became interesting, merely. Tlic gorgeous pictures became an historical lesson, and the benevolent voices out of the darkness in structed as well as entertained. The micro- Ecope was revealed. The marvellous secrets of nature's forces were secrets no longer. Priceless was the discipline of the eye, invalu able the knowledge acquired so easily and so pleasantly. I had a precocious relative — a girl, whose parents instructed into lier grave ; and this child was primed with scientific facts upon all possible sub jects, talked about catenaries, radius of gyra- ation, the change of the independent variable , and if she bad lived long enough to have had a lover would I am convinced have requested him to pay his court to her in the curve of pursuit. This young lady knew all about the applica tion of physical forces, explained-withouthesi- tation the manner in which a compound mi croscope diminishes chromatic aberration, and astonliiheil everybody by saying that the stereo scope, josttheu become a'drawingroom toy, was well enough, but that the pseudoscope was better fitted for viewing lunar photographs. Now, in company with the Phenomenon, I visited the Polytechnic, and heard a lecture on Light. The experiments were excellent and seldom failed. I remember a lecturer at the R.M. A., Woolwich, who used to say before lighting the fuse — "There is sufficient explosive power here, gentlemen, to throw down the walls of the building, blow off the roof, and hurl us all into eternity !"' and then nothing took place. The explanations at the Poly technic were clear and simply worded. The Phenomenon was very silent on our re turn, but admitted afterwards that she really had learned more during that hour and a half then she had ever been tanglit by her bfioks. .The other day I went into St. George's Hall. There was the Phenomenon's lecturer, and upon mv conscience there was the Phenome non's lecture ! Not word for word, not experi ment for experiment, but in simplicity and neatness, the poor Phenomenon's lecture ltill. Professor Pepper was the mainstay of the Polytechnic. The Diving Bell was good, so was the panorama, so were the steam engines, the thaumatoscopes, the waxen Mexican models, the thousand and one enchantments of the place: But the Atlas who bore the world of wonders on his back was Professor Pepper. A man who patents a ghost is a roan to be respected. I wonder what will be come of that poor ghost when Pepper —far be the day from him — is himself a wanderer in the land of shadows. Will he be doomed to walk the night, a wretched guilty- thing, forbid to tell the secrets of his patent prison house, and thus secure shelter from some new owner? Fancy the unhappy fellow, a shadow without a Schemil, a ghost without a master ! By the way, the ghost illusion has been pirated often here. It was done by Barry Sullivan I think with the consent of the in ventor, and it was done in New Zealand. Mr. C\ H., a tragedian of eminence, bad the theatre, and advertised that he would produce the ghost. The town rushed to the show, End a crowded house breathlessly awaited the apparition. But behind the curtain was dreadful confusion. Something was wrong. The eminent tragedian's knowledge of optic3 was not equal to his knowledge of dramatic art. The ghost would not " walk," for that hour at all events. Orchestral observations proved insufficient to allay the impatience of the public, and after some minutes' tempest of tatoalls and uproar the manager in desperation rang up the curtain. The play proceeded, the crieked baron and his desperate minions did their bloody business, but no avenging spirit tppeared. The assistants at the mirrors turned them this way and that in vain. The curtain had to be lowered. But all was not f et lost ; the tragedian came forward. A Erst night, a generous public, a temporary litficulty. Might be beg another trial? Again 3a%ran and his master recited their deeds of alood; again no warning spectre stepped into their vision. Curtain again and — joy ! — a pessenger to gay that the mirror worked at jast, the ghost could appear. H strode lo 'the footlights and stilled the clamorous Sbnse with one majestic gesture. "Gentle- sen," he cried, " keep your seats ; success has irowned my efforts. I pledge you my honor 'hat you shall ace the ghost." Amid cheers the curtain rose again. " What do I see !" tried Karl Osmond, " Oh, horror 1" and the rision burst into view. Alas, the baron, from lis position, conld see nothing, but the afffli- racesaw — Horror, indeed! — themanager's wife, » ladv comely a3 a manager's wife should be, who, stepping en deshabille from her dressing- 'onm to quaff from her faithful spouse's hand a fraught of sustaining stont, had paused in the very focus of the lenses, and was thus exhibited to the elite of Dunedin. But on the afternoon when I renewed my tcquaintnncc with the friend of my youth, the Castle Spectre was not performed. This bombastic but cleverly arranged drama was £we work of Mat Lewis, the author- of the , r Monk, and drew large sums to Drury-lane. Blferidan first produced it in 1798 with a very strong cast, the hill iaduding such names, as Kemble, Bannister, rainier and Mrs. Jordan'.' Afterwards, at Covent Garden. Tonng played Osmond instead of Bannister, and Miss O'Neil was thought to have surpassed Mrs. Jordan a Angela. . There is a story that during the run of the play the author and the manager had a dispute in the green-room. Cries Lewis, " Til bet you ail the money that the piece has dram!" "No," said Sheridan, "but I'll bet yon all it's vorth /" The ghosts eToked by Professor Pepper were of a less alarming nature. In the first place the pro fessor nfade a ghost of himself, and then of his son, who appeared and disappeared in a most astonishing manner. In fact the professor had only to say to his spirits- niter- the manner of Admiral Lingard, K.C.B., "ask that re markably fine young fellow to step forward," — and there he was in the flesh. Mrs. Guppy — not of Bleak Honse, but of spiritualistic noto riety — was aoenstomed to have lobsters borne to her through the air by the ghosts of her de- parted relatives— (perhaps they were fishermen, when in the fiesli, and still hungered after the . fleshpote of Egypt and the crustaceans of com merce) — but Mrs. Guppy never accomplished tea and muffins, Scotch marmalade — (I used to think when a boy that oranges grew at Dundee) — and raspberry tarts. Were I Mr. Guppy I thin!.- I should keep a board ing house so as to get my Friday's fish for nothing ; and I am sure that the amiable ghost who brings palpable lollipops out of the spirit world might haunt the State schools without fear of the bell-book-aud-candle and Red Sea doom. Of all the illusions, that of the evolution of Miss Alice Wooldridge out of the internal consciousness of the professor's son was the prettiest. The author of the Pilgrim of the Rhine tells a story concerning a poet who was able to dream continuously, and who had a dual existence. When he was awake he was an ordinary mortal, living in a poor street in a dull German town. When asleep he was a king, with a lovely wife and obedient sub jects. But the queen was an ideal queen after all, whereas the charming ghost which Bings so prettily at Professor Pepper's bidding is like the ghost which the " gentle Spaniard" caught in the corridor of Norman Abbey, which : — if ghost it were, scem'd a sweet soul As ever lurked beneath a holy buod. A dimpled chin, a neck of ivory stole Forth, into something much like flesh and blood. Thi3 apparition helped one to forget the Masked Lady, which seemed to me, if the pro fessor will pardon me for saying so, a little ghastly for a mixed audience, and rather more calculated to terrify than make happy the juvenile mind. The familiar " Drop of Water " recalled the old Polytechnic in it3 palmiest days. Folks had a craze about minute forms of animal life some years ago, and, helped by Arthur Hassall andjiis Adulterations of Food, filtered away their existences, straining gnats of animalculte and swallowing camels of contagion. I think that most people felt disappointed that their " monsters" were not bigger and more ferocious, longer of limb and stronger of jaw. The magician in Andersen's fairy tale showed little Tuk a special variety of horrible creatures selected specially on account of their size and ferocity. I wish that this part of the enter tainment hod been longer. Perhaps in the lectures to schools, which he promises us, the profeasor will take the advice which the officer gives the middy who reports eight bells, and " make it so." A moral at the end of a newspaper article may seem sadly out of place. But it occurs to me that having in the city the best mecha nical appliances wherewith scientific teachings can be illustrated, and a gentleman whose mani pulation of them is admitted to be the most skilful, we might turn the accident of fortune to our advantage. The French Government did not disdain to send Robert Hondin to Al geria to show the Arab magicians that their arts were simple compared with those of the conquering Frank ; and amid the nonsense being talked and. written on all sides concern ing " Spiritualism" and miraculous interven tion, it might be a good thing if the Govern ment would suffer the children it educates to see some of the marvels-whicb can be produced by human ingenuity. A course of Pepper would give a tone to the youthful stomach, and brace it to the withstanding of tales of dancing tables and hovering apparitions of dead chil dren. It is to be regretted indeed that we have not in Melbourne some such place as the London Polytechnic, where the rising genera tion can be educated to exercise their percep tive faculties upon natural philosophy, and to see before they begin to seriously study its truths, how simple, how beautiful, how- in teresting is the religion of the future. 