THE CITY OF GLASGOW BANK; . FRAUDS. I The trial of the Directors of the City of Glasgow Bank will probably begin this week, and it would be a fortunate circum stance could the punishment of the accused tena in any way to mitigate the widespread suffering traceable to their misdeeds. We have learned by telegraph that the Secre tary has been released and will be a witness for the Crown, so that the charge against the Direetors will not be uncon vincing foi lack of completeness. All thte Directors save one have been kept in gaol, and for him bail was accepted tx gratia, the crime of theft, one of the charges against the prisoners, not being a bailable offence in Scotland. But in truth we have less concern with the fate of the culprits than we have with the unfortunate victims of their crime. The terrible tale of their distress loses none of its painful freshness though told daily, for sadly enough new features of distress are constantly presenting them selves. The shareholders at first buoyed themselves up with hopes, which were blown to the winds by thp issue of the investigators' report, and they have since been utterly disillu sionized by the gloomy forecast offered to them by the liquidators. About two weeks ago it /was intimated by telegraph thai the official view of the prospects ol liquidation was very unfavourably It is difficult to say -what* * this exactly means, but without further data we must assnme that, slight as were the expectations of realizing substan tial assets quickly, the rocks ahead are worse than was anticipated. The only consolation afforded the shareholders is the grim one that when things are at- the worst they must mend, but that ' worst' is almost inconceivably bad. For a call of £100 or £200 per share they were in a measure prepared, but a call of £500 fairly astounded even the most sanguine of them. The blow was made more staggering by the intelligence that a call of even £600 would not yield more than one-half the amount required to ccver the deficit, which is greatly beyond £5,000,000, inasmuch as it was improbable that more than 50 per cent of the shareholders could meet that demand. Yet in the face of these premonitions of a ruinous succes sion of calls the shareholders who assembled in Glasgow in the last week of October set a noble example to their fellow - sufferers. Their exemplary demeanour on that occasion went far indeed to wipe away the stain of shame and disgrace from a country which has never been wanting in noble characters and brave men. When they resolved on voluntary liquidation they could not but foresee that the sacrifice that they were prepared to submit to meant penury to many and sore dis tress to all. Nevertheless this volun tary sacrifice was churlishly met by a number of London creditors, who urged that the liquidation should be judi cial. A petition to that effect was even filed in the Court of Session, although it was indisputable that the liquidators chosen were all men of ability and probity. It may readily be understood how even this difficulty of mere form aggravated the hardships of those affected in Scotland by the crisis. Happily it may be gleaned from the telegraphic messages that this obstacle has been removed. It has been announced that the pay ment of a first dividend of six shillings and eightpence in the pound will be made on the last day of February, exactly four days after the second instalment of the first call becomes due. The first instal ment, payable onlast December 22, realized £800,000, a result which may well suggest gloomy forebodings. It is true that the liquidators have stated that they are anxious to give every aid and facility to shareholders who cannot realize their assets immediately without serious loss, but the time must come, and that ere long, when it will be impossible for them to continue this forbearance. In the mean . while it is to be hoped that the encourag ing anticipations regarding Nicol, Fleming, and Co.'s Indian estate, for instance, will be fulfilled, for one good asset of this kind would undoubtedly be a great help, especially as the lowest estimate formed of what the first call would produce is likely to bo nearest the mark. This esti mate was set down at from £1,500,000 to nearly double that amount, yet it was felt that even £2,000, 000 would not meet one third of the sum required, and not one half, should even the proposed abate ments be effected — an eventuality hardly to be expected in the case of the London Joint-Stock and Discount Companies. At any rate, it is only too evident that the majority of the share holders will be ruined, notwithstand ing the fact that the generous donations of the public will go a great length in alleviating what would other wise be a hopeless and overwhelming calamity. Besides this the responsi bilities of those who are content to bear the brunt of the calamity will be absolutely overweighted should success attend the efforts of others who are seeking to shift the burden from their own shoulders. Already there are signs of a heavy harvest of litigation (which in itself will entail a vast outlay of money), as no less than thirty or forty cases of disputed liability are pending in the Court of Session. Our London corre spondent has brielly described the nature of these manifold attempts to get rid of an unexpected and disastrous obligation. Some of the cases are intended to test the liability of trustees; others seek relief on the ground of fraudulent misrepresentations on the part of the Directors ; others, again, on the more technical point of transfer of stock. Here there is certainly ample scope for the ingenuity of Scotch lawyere; yet we doubt very much whether the unfortunate litigants will be able tj establish, at least profitably, what they are led to believe are their rights. But indeed their success would, as we have said, only render the condition of others woree, and probably impose on those who have already endured crushing burdens the further necessity of filling up the con sequent blanks in the call returns. As it is these returns will look black enough. When the Western Bank of Scotland was in liquidation, although the call was only £125, not more than one half of the shareholders could pay it; and it would be idle to expect ! that anything like that proportion of City of Glasgow Bank shareholder* can pay £500, leaving out of the question the further calls to which they are liable. It is a too favourable estimate, perhaps, to suppose that the first call will be paid on £500,000 of stock, but atwnming this will be the case the Edinburgh correspondent of the Times puts in the following tabular form the probable results of successive calls of £500 each :— First call ef £500 on £500,000 of ?tcck .» ._ ... _ _ £2^00,000 Second call of £500 on £300,000 of stock ... ... ... ~ _ 1.500,000 Third call of £500 on £200,000 of stock _._-.- ... 1,000,000 Fourth call cf £500 on £150,000 of stock m ~. ... -. .» 750,000 £5,750,010 'Thus calls amounting to £2,000 per share would not yield much more than the sum required. This estimate is of course only conjectural, but the opinion of practical 'men is that it will not be found very wide of the mark.' Indeed one of the most practical speakers at the Edin burgh meeting to raise funds for the relief of the distressed depositors asserted that the question would ultimately be not one of £2,000 or £3,000, but a question of £10,000 a share to those who held out to the last, if aid were not promptly rendered. Nearly every family in Scot land is touched in itself or relatively by the failure, and although the distress ia consequently widespread it will be intensi fied in an exceptional degree in the caso of those who determine to hold out to the end. One by one, clas3 after class, step after Btep on the social ladder will be reached and exhausted, till the last calls are made, as it is reckoned, on about a dozen men of acknowledged wealth. Although indivi dually the more affluent shareholders mai not be subjected to the privations endured by those who have want and ruin flow staring them in the face, it would be cruel in the extreme not to take into account their disproportionate sacrifice. Besides, the relief of those at present harassed must tend to relieve thoBe also whosa purses are not quite empty, because the) more iully the calls are met the less in tense will the final shock be. Many proposals have been advanced with the view of helping the shareholders to meet their calls and the Bank to- satisfy its creditors. It could not indeed be otherwise in the presence of an unparalleled financial disaster which sud denly suspends the operation of all tho ordinary laws applicable to monetary affairs. Nevertheless it would be mani festly most unwise to make experiments at such a crisis instead of encouraging tho broad stream of benevolence to assuage the) sufferings of tens of thousands. It has been justly remarked that ' it would ba to depart from the principle of sound economy for the general community either to take upon them the liabilities of tho Bank or to interfere in any way between the shareholders and their creditors.' If, however, business men see their way to purchase the assets, and the share holders and creditors can come to an understanding, well and good. Tho feeling undoubtedly is that tbe creditors, with exceptions we referred to at the out set, would abate their claim for cash down at a comparatively early date. The primo difficulty is, of course, to find that cash. Another scheme, which appears feasible enough, is to form an Assets Company which shall take over from the liquidators all the securities and real property worth holding, while another Company is spoken of which proposes to buy out creditors willing to sell at a sacrifice, and thereby not only relieve the shareholders to an appreciable extent but gradually acquire the power to influence other creditors who are apparently obstinate and unwieldy. Schemes of this sort would assuredly assist greatly to lessen and forestall tho ii ischievous state of affairs wo aro now contemplating ; but in reality the first, best, and unalloyed benefit must come from the raising of a large sum to aid the sufferers. Tho appeal already made has been magnani mously responded to in Scotland, the £300;000 originally asked for boing already collected. But this amount, or double this amount, falls far short of what will be required to meet even pressing demands, and it is to be hoped that England and other countries will substantially and spontaneously tender now to Scotland that aid which theic people havo never refused to givo generously to others, whether the cry came from Lancashire, or India, or China. We observe that a meeting in aid of this Relief Fund has been held in Mel bourne, and we can pee no reason why the movement should not elt«ud to South Australia. This is a case of' real aad. imperative necessity, appealing to no class or nation exclusively ; yet indepen dently of its general merits it has special claims on Scotsmen, of whom the number in good positions in this colony is not few. We throw out the suggestion bo« lieving that it should be acted upon at once. ? Murpek by Blacks in tub Northers Territory. — A sad story reaches us of tho murder by blacks of Mr. W. Travers, near Limmens Bight River. The un fortunate victim of this outrage was associated with Mr. R. Buchanan in driving some cattle, the property of his uncle, from Queensland. On December 13 Mr. Travers was left alone in tho camp with a man named Bridsou, Mr. Buchanan having gone to tho Katharino for rations, and the rest of the party being out mustering the cattle. Bridson also left for a few hours in search of a missing horse, leaving the ill-fated Travers in the camp with two or three natives. On his return he discovered him lying dead near the embers of a fire at which he had been cooking', his head nearly severed from the body by two cuU inflicted with a tomahawk. It was evident that the unfortunate man had been taken by surprise. No traces of a struggle aro spoken of, and his revolvers had not been taken from their pouch. 3Hie Bub sequent proceedings of the perpetrators of this crime leave no room for doubt as to the motive. Nearly everything in tha camp was taken away by them, and they even carried off a damper Mr. -Travera had been preparing when he was killed. Nor did they content . themselves „ with these proceedings, but made themselves generally obnoxious by spearing bullocks, killing some and maiming others.' 'Fortu nately they did not venture to attack tho party, and Mr. Buchanan arrived safely at Daly Waters, having been prevented from bringing on the cattle under hi* charge by the bad state of the country! There is no reason to believe that any injury was done to the blacks by tho murdered man or, the, members of his party, or thai the cause of the crime was other than a desire for plunder. Tho blacks indeed appear to have been treated in too friendly a manner, and to have been allowed to enter and remain in the . camp. But for this unsuspicious carelessness it is possible that Mr. Traverses life would not have been sacrificed, , TJio unfortunate part of the affair is that;.great difficulty will be experienced in tracing out the murderer and his coadjutors. The Government, it is satisfactory to learn, have loBt no time in issuing instructions for their apprehension if they can be found, but proof of the com mission Kf the crime will not be readily forthcoming. Suspicion points directly/ to the natives who were left with. Sir. Travera in the camp, and summary justice should be meted out to them wherever they may be found. In cases like this a somewhat rough-and-ready process of vindicating the majesty of the law and teaching the treacherous savage to respect the white man's life and property is justifiable and should be re sorted to. The manner of Mr. Travers'a death conveys another melancholy warning to travellers in the buah which it may be hoped will not be disregarded. It was not only his unprotected state that made him an easy prey to his assassin, but the mistaken trustfulness displayed by him and his party in allowing- natives to come into their camp, and that, too, without having any watch kept on their movements. KFobkigk Nkws by Cable.— The resignation of ..e French Ministry, which is now looked upon aa inevitable, naa not as yet been tendered to the President. It is probable, however, that the step will not be long delayed. Affairs in South Africa are aa unsatisfactory as ever, and there appears to be little hoi* that the Zulu difficulty will find a pacific solution. The hostile chief Cetewajo has indeed assented to some of the British demands, but Baked for time to consider the others— a request which was peremptorily re fused by the Governor of the Cape Colony. This rebuff has led the Zulu chief to make pre parations for war, and be is said to be masting his troops for the conflict. There is no further intelligence as to the progress of the British troops in Afghanistan, but it appears that the southern column has penetrated into Tfanilaha^ inasmuch as it is reported that attempts have been made in that province to murder British officers. Cojmehciai. Newb bt Cable.— It is grati fying to note that the tone of the money market is improving, and that the rise in colonial securities continues. The South Australian Four per Cent Loan, which was quoted on January IS at £91, has risen £1, and is quoted on January 13 at £92, whilst an advance is reported in the value of other colonial deben tures. The copper market has fallen still further, Bum copper being now quoted at £61 10s. and Wallaroo at £67 per ton. The failure is an nounced of another iron Company — the Eosedale Ferry Hill — the liabilities of which are stated at £260,000. Kabbacoohtb Public School. — The public school at Karracoorte was formally opened on Monday, January 20, by the Hon. T. King, M.P., Minister of Education, and in our tele graphic columns will be found a somewhat; full report of the hon. gentleman's speech on the occasion. The assemblage was afterwards addressed by Messrs. Hardy and Henning, MJVs, the members for the district; and several gentlemen of local influence. At the termination of the ceremony the Minister of Education and Messrs. Hardy and Henning were entertained at luncheon. Gas Bats.— A public meeting will be held in the Town Hall, Adelaide, this evening, to consider the adoption of a rate on the city assessment for 1879, to be applied to the pay ment of the cost of lighting the city with gas. Earthquake in the Interior. — The tele- graph stationmaster at Alice Springs has reported to the Superintendent of Telegraphs that a very severe shock of an earthquake was felt on Sunday at 12.50 p.m. Thb Steak Hofpeb Baboe Goolwa. — A tele gram was received from the Chief Secretary on Monday from Captain Finch, who is in charg of the above vessel, stating that after leaving 'Western Australia she had rounded Cape ten win but had been blown back and had put int ? Vasse. The Wathbless Couxtrt.— The Surveyor General received the following telegram from Fowler's Bay, dated January IS, from Mr. Barrow, who is in charge of the expedition which is about to search for subterraueai waters in the western and north-western portions of the province : — ' Arrived at noon to-day; will proceed to Yalata Station, and prepare to start from there at once.' In another column appears a letter of instruction to Mr. T. Matthews, who bri been dispatched by the Government to America to obtain information with regard to the boring apparatus required in the construction of artesian wells. Passesqeb fob BIklujurxb. — His Honor Chief Justice Way was a passenger by the Victorian for Melbourne on Monday. ChbistianBrothebs' Context axd School — The Boman Catholic Schools in Wakefield street, which have just been built in connection with the new Convent of the Christian Brothers, were formally opened ou Monday, Jan. 20, by His Lordship BLshop Eevnolds, assisted by the Eight Rev. Abbot Alcock, the Kev. W. Prender gast, G. 'Williams, C. McClosky, and D. Murray, and the Revs, the Christian Brothers located here. Over 100 of the 120 boys already on the roll of the school were present, and a number of the parents were also there. The Yotive Mass of the Holy Ghost was cele brated by Father Esser, and the Bishop delivered a stirring address on the subject of education, in the course of which he took occasion to an imadvert in strong terms on the secular system of the State. The building is divided into two large schoolrooms, 38 feet by 29 feet each, and a classroom 16 feet square attached. The furniture of stained wood, and every on jenjprice winch inanity fag Revise h« b-en providedi ^enllL°tidn lias been especially at tended to, the system adopted being quite new, and effectually answering the purpose. The school will accommodate 160 children. Firb is Rcsdle-street.— The City Coroaer having made enquiries into the cause of the fire on Saturday afternoon at Mrs. Churchstt's, umbrella-maker, Bundle-street, finds that there is no possibility of getting information as to the origin of it, and that the damage is not consider able. No inquest will be held. Mixed Ideas.— A correspondent has sent 113 a cutting from the Manchester fVetkli/ Post in which it is stated under the head of 'New Zealand' that the Ministry has resigned and a new Cabinet has been formed. Fonr of th members of the Ministry which took office ia this colony on the retirement of Mr. Boucaut are then named, the Attorney-General appearing as ' Mr. Bundeg.' CArxcRB of a Pickpocket at Port Adb laibb. — The Port Adelaide police were suc cessful in arresting a notorious pickpocket while practising his luiht-finger profession on Mac laren Wharf en the occasion of the departure o the Melbourne steamer on Monday afternoon, January 20. It seems that Sergeant Sullivan upon going aboard the steamer noticed a man whom he recognised as John Wright, who had served three years in the Stockade for picking pockets in an auction saleroom in Adelaide, and accordingly set Water Police-constable Douglas to watch, previously instructing him as to Wright's modus optrandi. Douglas watched, but did not expect to see the man ta£e his handout of a deep pocket, in which it was enveloped. The constable, however, discovering him feeling two or three pockets, took him by the neck and hind, and in his fist, which was being withdrawn from a lady's pocket, was some silver. Wright with a quickness showing his skilled experience epened his fingers, dropping the money into the pocket whence it came. Never theless he was arrested and will be brought np this morning for hearing. Wright when taken was found, as suspected, to have a bottom less pocket, through which he put his hand into the victim's pocket. We understand thaS prisoner originally came here from Victoria. Glassblowbbs at Pobt Adexaidb. — This ; entertainment was largely patronised at the Port on Monday night, January 30. The interest of the evening centred in some conun drums on the exhibition, and the prize for the beat was awarded to Mr. B. Davies, the prize being a glass pipe. The company repeat the performance to- night. Cxxhcb Sagacity. — A dog and horse, both the property of Mr. Leonard (says the Soutlt-Easte to Star), were observed on Tuesday unattended, nor was the owner near, he having left home some time before his faithful friends. The reins of the hone were fastened to the collar of the dog, who acted as guide in search of their joint master. Entering Commercial-street the dog led the horse to Messrs. Dew Brothers' forge, where Mr. Leonard bad previously been. Not finding him, the pair travelled on and visited the South Australian Hotel, where the dog entered the door of the bar and looked round; not seeing the object of his search he led his friend the horse round to the stables, and there patiently awaited the advent of bis master, who, hearing cf the occurrence, shortly after put in aa ap te&raBce.; Accident to thb Jambs Cckbib.— On Satur day, January 18, the steamer James Comrie ran into the Edithburgh Jetty and smashed the Bf eps and knocked down two of the piles, while the steamer lost her bowsprit and figurehead. Cbickbt.— The representatives from the various second elevens who have been nominated to play against the South Australian Association first eleven on the Oval on Saturday, February 1, met for practice on Friday last, when some of the players showed very good cricket The _ following thirty players have been nominated from the following Association second elevens :— North Adelaide— W. G. P. Joyner, G. V. Cross, Mitchell, Chennell, and F. Shar land ; Norwood— W. H. J. Dedman, J. E. Woods, E. T. Woods, Johns, and F. Chap man; Hmdmarsh— Dr. Kees, H. C. Chittle borougb, A. J. Barnes, J. Batty, and T. Matthews; Kensington — Vaughan,E.Beare,H. Stanton, A. H. Stansbury, and R. Hall; Kent — F. Mitchell, A. Davies, R. Hill, F. Bule,and W.Evans; South Adelaide— G. Sharp, 0. God frey, Fitzpatrick, James Donnell, and G. Blackeby. Mr. Dedman was elected practice captain. The team meets for general practice on the Oval on Tuesday and Friday evenings. Draper Memorial Church. — The anniver sary services in connection with this Church were celebrated on Sunday and Monday, January 19 and 20. On the Sunday the KevB. D. O'Donnell in the morning, T. Edmeades in the afternoon, and E.M. Hunter in the evening preached to good congregations. On Monday the annual tea and public meeting were held, and were both very successful. The Hon. J. Col ton presided at the pnblic meeting. After devotional exercises the Chairman said he was very glad that the state of his health permitted him to accept their kind invitation to preside over their meeting that evening. He was pleased to find that generally speaking their affairs were in a satisfactory condition. He feund that their seat rents amounted to £155, and that nearly if not all of the seats were let. That being the case he thought it was time they extended their borders to give accommoda tion to those who would then worship with them. He would like to see the church lengthened, and he was sure if it was made about half as long again as it was in six months that would be filled too. He hoped they would be able to do so. He was glad to see they were anxious about their Sunday-school, and was sorry they had not better accommodation, and hoped something would be done in the matter. Though the debt on the church was about £1,700 they were in a very satisfactory condition, and he was very pleased to find that it was so. The Bev. R. S. Casely read the financial statement, which showed that at the beginning of the year there was £1 9s. 3d. in hand, and that the receipts during the year, including £154 4s. 6d. for pew rents and £200 for a temporary loan, which had since been returned, amounted to £439, and the payments to £442 13s. 10d., leaving a balance due to the Treasurer of £3 133. lOd. They had a loan of £600 at 6 per cent., and another loan of £1,000 at 64 per cent, which with the loan from the Loan Fund of £*6O made a total debt of £1,760, and £40 had been paid off during the year. The Bev. R. M. Hunter said he looked upon it as an hononr to himself that they had named that church after his very dear friend Mr. Draper. As Mr. Draper's junior he owed much to him for his good advice and had the honour of being the last whom Mr. Draper pro posed as a candidate for the ministry. Mr. Hunter spoke of Wesleyan Methodism and the way in which it had progressed in numbers, but urged that there should be spiritual progress and that scriptural holiness should be spread over the land. Mr. Madge, who had just returned from England and was very heartily received, said he was very glad to be back among them again. The Chairman had made some reference tj school accommodation, and Mr. Madge spoke at some length on the subject, and said he was snre that if thay stood by one another they would soon have a schoolroom. The Bev. D. O'Donnell gave a very able and earnest address on 'Indebtedness.'' Mr. Alcock said he had been asked to give a description of his travels. This he did, and concluded by urging upoa his hearers to trust in God, assuring them that if they did so they would never regret it. During the' evening the choir rendered some anthems and choruses, and the usual votes of thanks having been proposed, the meeting was brought to a close with the doxology. The collection amounted to £34. Mas Overboard.— The keeper of the hdk Favourite, hearing a splash in the Port Stream on Suiid&y; night, January 19, and finding a man overboard pluckily rescued him. He was brought to the Casualty Hospital, and Dr. Toll attended to him. His name was found to be Ferdinand Webb, a seaman of the Lavinia. He recovered the effects of his immersion, and was discharged from the Hospital on Monday morning. A Charge of Foroebt. — A case against Theodore Arglis for forgiug a cheque for £6 13s. 4d. on the Bank of South Atutrilia, purporting to be signed by E.H. Bayer, occupied a considerable time at the Police Court on Monday. The case was dismissed, as it could not be settled whether the writing on the cheque was prisoner's or his brother's, Frank Arglis, who is wanted by the police. Another charge of aiding and abetting Frank Arglis in forging the cheque was adjourned till this morning. Arglis has been known in Adelaide for some months past as Arthur Russell. Beaconsfield's Generosity. — An exchange says that Lord Beaconsfield has done a very generous thing. He has sent his cheque for one thousand guineas to the survivors of the agonizing disaster of the Princess Alice. NHW ZEALAin? ISSTJRANCS CojtPAST.— We have received the report and balance-sheet of this Company— which has a branch in Adelaide —for the half-year ending November 30, 187S. The Directors in their reports stated that after making due provision for all ascertained losses and carrving £5,000 to the Reserve Fund, which now staods at £40,000, there remained a sum of £19,283 available for division, out of which they recommended the declaration of a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent., amounting to £15,000, the balance being carried forward. The Fatal Accident at Glhselo.— The Jurors at the inquest on Mr. Morrell, who met with a fatal accident at the Glenelg Baths on Saturday, returned their fees — amounting to £3 ? to the Coroner for the use of the widow of the deceased. The mouey was handed to Mrs Morrell on Sunday afternoon. Thb Thauting IxsTrrrnox.— The examina tion for admission to the Training Institution as students commenced in that building ou Monday. Sixty persons presented themselves, forty-eight females and twelve males, the former iacluding two young ladies, who, according to the regulations, avail themselves of the exami notion but do not bind themselves to enter the service of the Education Department. The examination will be continued to-day, and the result will be made known before the end of the week. Tbcmp Yoss at Baitowick.— We notice that the i omination of Trump Yoss (late Glenelg) for the various handicaps at Band wick on Satur day last was informal. Accident to Tis Whistlhb.— Mr. T. Wilson's colt Tin Whistler met with an accident on the Dowling Forest Course on Moaday, January 13. It seems that he got away from the person in charge and was knocked down by another horse and much cut and bruised, so that he may be prevented from running at Geelong. SrcRiors Baxknotes. — The Millicent correspondent of the Border Watch writes : — ' A number of counterfeit banknotes are being pat into circulation here, varying from one to, ten pounds. They are a very clever imitation but they boar no signature. Several of our storekeepers have been taken in with then..' Chablbt BAirxBBMAsr. — We observe by the Victorian files that the premier batsman of Australia has been engaged by the Melbourne Cricket Club as ' coach ' for two years. White's Boosts.— Considering the heat on Monday evening the Wheeler Family had an excellent house, and their patrons seemed both delighted and amused by the entertainment presented. Some parts of the performance were very laughable, especially Handy Andy's mis takes and the extraordinary antics of Frank Wheeler as the coloured servant Sam. Mrs. B. Wheeler waa deservedly applauded for her singing and for her effective portrayal of the many parts allotted to her. Mr. Wilkin* added much to the pleasure of the audience by bis skilful cornet playing. Acctobst.— A man named Michael Francis, aged forty, wounded his left knee with an axe at Mount Pleasant on Friday, January 17. He was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Monday, January 20 Crnr Couscn.— The n eeting of the City Conn-* cil. held on Monday lasted till nearly 10 o'clock at night. The business before the Council waa not of very great importance, and could easily have been disposed of in half the time occupied. In answer to a question by Councillor Richardson the Mayor stated that the whole of the deeds and documents belonging to the Corporation were in safe keeping; and in reply to Councillor Hagedorn His Worship replied that Inspector Fuller had reported that he did not know of any Chinese lodging- houses in West Adelaide. There were several Chinese living in nremises adjoin ing the Adelaide Hotel, but they were employed on the premises at their trade and were paid so much, per week with board and lodging by their employer. In East Adelaide there were only two Chinese householders. In one case there were only three individuals living in the house, and in the other the Chinaman and his wife only. The report of the Special Committee appointed to arrange for the reception and entertainment of Alderman McArthur was pre sented by the Mayor with s few explanatory remarks and read. Councillor Baphael's motion to invite tenders for lighting the street lamps in the city with kercsine for a twelvemonth was carried, and an amendment by Councillor Hagedorn that the Gas Company be written to and asked to consider their offer was carried slso, but as a distinct motion. Alberton Protestant Hall— Largely at tended tea and public meetings to celebrate the opening of the Protestant Benefit Society Hall at Alberton were held on Monday, January 20 The hall is a brick structure 28 x 18 x 16 feet, and having two rooms at the rear measuring 10 feet square each. The site is upon the road leading from the railway station to the Port road. At the open gathering Mr. A. Verrier, Worshipful Master, presided. The Treasurer (Mr. W. L. Bayly) read the financial statement, showing that the land cost £50, building, £358 10s.; furniture, £31 15s.; incidental expenses £13; total, £453 5s. The receipts consisted of sub scriptions from lodges, £22 ; private subscrip tions, £38 ; loan at 8 per cent, £362 ; total, £422, leaving a debit balance of over £31. The trustees had built the hall not so much for their own convenience as for the public generally, and hoped to be supported by lodges and caterers for public amusement. There was no hall in the neighbourhood for such a purpose disconnected from hotels. That building might also be made available for a young men's society or reading-room. Pastor J. W. Bamber then de livered an address, taking for his text the Alberton Protestant Hall. He said Alberton was advancing, and the time would speedily come when the hall would be too small. If the trnstees then saw their way clear they would build a larger, more commodious, and orna mental structure in front, leaving the building to become a mere anteroom. As to Protestantism he accepted the definition of Mr. R. W. Dale, M.A., of Birmingham, who among other things specified it to be liberty of conscience. In that sense the benefits derived from Protestantism equally applied to Roman Catholics and other sects. The proceedings soon after ended. The proceeds from the tea (the tables being supplied as contributions) amounted to £4 10s. Imqtbst.— On Sunday, January 12, Mr. E. Gower went up to Yadlamalka, accompanied by Dr. Cotter, to hold an enquiry touching the death of Frederic Grainger, a young man who gied there the previous Friday. Dr. Cotter (states the Port Augusta Despatch) made a post mortem examination, and Mr. Gower having collected all the available evidence as to the circumstances connected with the death, it was not thought necessary to hold an inquest. Fiona the post-mortem it appeared that the deceased was far gone in consumption, and having rap tured a vessel in the longs the result was a somewhat sudden death. It was thought neces sary to make the enquiry, as the deceased had taken some cough mixture just previous to his death; but the medical examination showed that this had nothing to do with his sudden death. Police-trooper Withers was sent np in advance early on the morning of Sunday with a coffin, and all requirements for an inquest if it should be necessary, and the poor fellow was decently buried on Sunday. He is understood to be a nephew of Mr. J. W.Townsend, fruiterer, of Bundle-street, Adelaide. The Bishop or Melbourne. — A correspon dent requests us to publish the following extract which he has taken from a London paper. It is part of a letter (dated September 2, 1878) received by Canon Harvey from the Bishop of Melbourne in reference to the work in his diocese and the difficulty of raising funds to carry it on : — ' Our Cathedral scheme is at a stand at present ; we are waiting for plans, and are content to wait. Money is scarce an I liberality not too commoa. Our politic il troubles have placed many in pecuniary diffi culties. I lately gave the £1,000 which my Paddington friends raised for me to found a theological scholarship, and now, owing to the extension of our work and the effect of tha crisis, the general fund is in so languishing a state that without desperate efforts we shall have to abandon some of our stations. Only the other day I got encouraging accounts from three places— congregations gathering, people taking heart, most persons owning that the Church was proving she had a heart and cared for her scattered children. I could not give up such work as this, so I have given up instead £350 a-year— more than a fifth of my income — to strengthen the general fund and Trinity College. I can live, my habits, as you know, being simple enough, and if God's work be done I care but little for the sacrifice. We sorely need help to send special agents to new districts. Our work prospers, thank God, but money t- sustain is very scarce.' An Important Discoyhby.— Racing men will doubtless remember that at the spring meetbg at Hawkesbury Woodlands, who beat the Dean, was disqualified for being four ounces short weight, and the race given to the Dean. Referring to this, 'Pegasus/1 of the Sydney To\cn and Country Journal, says : — 'A discovery was made at the Hawkesbury meeting on Boxing Day that the weishing machine in use at the Graud Stand was' faulty, and that Mr. Silberberg had been wrongfully deprived of the stake3 when Woodlands was declared short weight for the Grand Handicap in August— a discovery which places the H.E.C. in a very awkward position. It's one of those thousand and- one cases that crop up to meet which there's no rule, despite the efforts that have been made for years and years to alter and amend and re vise and ' cull ' the whole code of racing laws and rules by all the great turf authorities of different times ; and this particular case is one fraught with most serious consequences. It is, besides, one for which there can be no excuse discovered, the whole thing being chargeable to the Club, because it's very clear that if the weighing machine had been tested with a mode rate amount of care at the time Collie's weight was supposed to be light the true state of the case would have been discovered in time to prevent a grave injustice being done, not only to the owner of the horse, but to ever so many more people whose expected winnings were turned into losses. We know now that the machine I'm writing of makes a difference of some three pounds, according to how the article to be weighed is placed, which, being the case, it stands to reason that, aa Collie came in only two or three ounces light, he must have gone out with plenty to spare, which, being known to the clerk of the scales or weighing steward, makes it all the more extraordinary that that official didn't test the machine at once, and before the mischief became irreparable, as I reckon it is now.' The general feeling in Sydney seems to be that the loss sustained by Mr. Silberberg should be made up to him, and in all probability a subscription list will be initiated for that purpose. A CHUfESB KxTCfonsHEB. — The San Fran cisco JVmm Letter writes :— M Here the Constitu tional Convention, to say nothing of no end of statesmen and writers, have been fumbling around for five years after a sure way ef getting rid of the Chinese, and behold, at the eleventh hour we find that the needed Mongolian exter minator has been modestly hiding his light under a bushel in our very midst. This hitherto unhonoured and unsung political economist is known to local fame by the familiar and alto gether unworthy appellation of 'Old Man Schultz,' and he is in the liquor trade. On being arraigned in our Trade Fraud exposures for selling* S3 whisky that contains enough fusel oil to send its user to Stockton in six months, this far-seeing patriot comes to the front with the ingenious explanation that our analyst must have run afoal of the brand his house pre pares exclusively for their Chinese trade. This settles the whole matter! This puts the Chinese question in a nutshell. Just let the powers that be pass a law making it a felony for a Mongolian to drink any other than Schultz and Ton Barge n's whiskies and the thing is done. A really reliable article of forty rod jim-jams introduced among the heathen will thin his ranks with a velocity altogether surprising. Those that don't succumb on dry land will throw themselves overboard by the hundreds, and the predatory shrimpa will wslcome the copper coloured invader with hungry daws to hospi table graves.' _? Nbw Dor»LB Vabibgatbt* Pblaboontcus. — Me John Giles, of Grove Hill, has shown us a few of his choice seedling variegated double pelargoniums. The most striking is one after the style of Mrs. Pollack, the centre of the leaf being green, next a dark maroon band, then a pink-rose blush upon a primrose edge ; the flower is red, double, and the pips well formed and large. Next comes a pore canary or pale primrose leaved specimen with a salmon-coloured double flower; this is very handsome, bat is probably too weak to endure. The next is an ivy-leaf specimen, of which the double flower is the most handsome, the colour being what is now called solforina, the leaf being dark, glossy green, with the usual daik brown zone and the general ivy-leaf form. A gold-and- bronze leaf next comes under notice — this is tinged with rose in places ; the flower is double, and of a beautiful pale red coral colour. A picolour with a very well-formed, large-pipDed truss of a salmon colour, is distinguished by *the broad dark brown band on a light green ground. Another bicolour— dark green and light greeD, starting in alternate bands from the centre to the edge— has a dark red double flower, with large pips. Three silver bicolours are distin guished by large trusses of pale pink, dead white, and rose-blush white double flowers. A golden-bronze leaf pelargonium has a fine large truss of salmon-and-whire double flowers. Thb Mblbocbsb Exhibition.— The Argus states that the Commissioners of the Melbourne Interna tional Exhibition have received a telegram from Mr. G. C. Levey to the effect that he accepted the appointment of Secretary, and that he would attend to their instructions to leave Europe for Meloourne next March. The work of advertising the Exhibition is being vigorously prosecuted. Over 4,000 copies of the programme and regulations were dispatched by the s.s. Aconcagua, addressed to American and European exhibitors at the Philadelphia and Paris Exhibitions. TT'*l''1ing those shipped by the R.&LS.; Siam and s.s. Cuzco for the Agent-General and Mr. Levey, nearly 10,000 copies have been posted abroad within the last couple of months, irrespective of what has been done in the matter of distribu tion in the colonies. Outwitted. — We hear a good deal (writes ' Atticus'* in the Leader) about the temerity of Steve Hart in visiting the haunts of men in female costHme, but his disguise has not even the merit of originality. In the old bush ranging days of New South Wales, Charley O'Malley, I think it was, who adopted the same tactics. He made a bet that he would be present at Young races, and attired in a habit and felt hat, and riding a well-bred nag, he appeared on the race course. The lazy manner with which he sat his side-saddle attracted the attention of the In spector of Police, the late Sir Frederick Pottinger, who entered into conversation with the tatr stranger, and fell a victim to her charms. After acting as esquire all day the police officer solicited the pleasure of escorting the would-be damsel home, an offer, however, that wa» declined with thanks. Sir Frederick growing persistent, O'Malley put his horse at a fence, cleared it, and when at the other side, before galloping away, pulled off his hat and veil, and disclosed to the astonished gaze of his admirer, not the damask cheek of a rustic beauty but the features of a criminal upon whose head a heavy reward was set. Warts ox Cows.— John Harsnell, of near Magill, writes, in answer to ' J. B.'s' enquiry a few days ago, that the application of common oil— whale oil is better, if obtainable— twice- with an interval of about a week, will cure warts on cows. Another correspondent recommends for the destruction of small warts an application ef butter of antimony, and for large ones cutting off. The following paragraph having reference to warts on animals appeared in a recent issue of the Melbourne Weekly Times :—' Warts con sist in an abnormal inordinate growth of epi dermal cells, but the conditions which induce this excessive skin growth are not well under stood. Warts shoot up sometimes very sud denly, and also disappear with such rapidity that charms and all manner of remedies were credited with the power to remove them. Unless when very numerous, interfering with vital functions, or troublesome from bleeding, warts on cattle are seldom meddled with, rarely cause much injury, and usually disappear as in explicably as they camp. If narrow at the neck, when they are sometimes termed angleberries. a piece of waxed thread or fine wire readily strangulates them and causes them shortly to fall off. When closely oppressed to the skin so that no ligature cab be got round them, if soft, porous, and not very numerous, they are gently touched with nitric acid, with caustic potash, or with a pencil of nitrate of silver. If tough or horny they are firtt pared with a sharp knife, and then dressed with the caustic. The strong cau3tic must, however, be used warily and over a limited surface at a time. Serious inflamma tion, more annoying than the warts, and leaving a serried blemished surface, ia sometimes in duced by the free dressing of a closely set ex tensive crop of warts. Such a crop is more safely attacked by a strong iodine solution made with sixty grains each of iodine and iodide of potassium, dissolved in an ounce of water and applied every second day.' Cbickbt hadh Dasqsbofs.— The following very sensible remarks appeared in a recent issue of the Sydney Echo, and will apply with equal force to the cricket practised on the Adelaide Oval nearly every evening during the week. It is wonderful that no serious accidents have as yet occurred on our ground now that the different clubs practise so near one another. Players have been severely bruised about the body, and on one or two occasions received blows on the head, but nothing serious has resulted. However, our cricketers must not expect to escape if they court danger as they do at present. Captains should see that the wickets are so pitched that one band of players cannot endanger the limbs and lives of iheir neighbours : — 'Two deaths have recently been caused by accidents in the cricket field — first that of young Harvey, and second that of John Bogg at Bannaby. Both appear to have resulted either from inexperience or from cricket being played in too circumscribed an area. It is really surprising that* more acci dents have not resulted at cricket practice. When the time for this exercise arrives dozens of cricketers, many of them novices at the game, assemble in the Domain for indulging in it on a space scarcely large enough for a match. The same thing has occurred on toe new grounds at Moore Park. When this is the case the balls fly about in every direction and materially interfere with good cricket, for no batsman can concentrate the whole of his mind on his work while apprehensive of being struck on the head by a cricket- ball. In the Domain passers bf , including many members of the fair sex, have to dodge the ?leather' in a most amusing way. In the interest of public safety and good cricket the number of clubs should be reduced or the number of cricketing fields in creased. There is another objectionable feature in the present craze arising from a large number of youths imagining themselves embryo Spof forths. Specimens of the 'demon bowler' are met varying from nine to fifteen years of age im nearly every sbreet. Their stock-in-trade consists generally of a kero sine tin, a piece of mopstick. and an indiarubber ball. The first of the items is not objectionable, and the tin announces in the most intelligible way when 'you're out.' It is the ball that is becoming the bane of existence in Sydney. It is like a boomerang, its move ments being so erratic that there is no saying where it will pitch. Occasionally it bursts through a window or a gas-lamp, and generally it is no respecter of persons. No nun or woman is safe from its intrusive movements ; but we suppose its use must be borne with until the authorities realize the facts that cricketing is not meant to be played in public thoroighfares and that those who play it there should be locked in durance vile.' Practical Jokuio in a Chcrce.— A writer in May fair says .— ' I do not w a rule admire practical jokes in a sacred edifice, but there was one perpetrated last week at a nnall church just out of Bath which I cannot wholly condemn. After morning service— I beg pardon, Matins — the bag was handed round, and it came first to an old gentleman who occupied a lordly pew, and who I afterwards discovered was a peer and large landowner in Somersetshire. This individual dropped a coin in the proffered bag, when to the amazement of many and the delight of some the cein reappeared on the stone of the floor aisle, and rolled, and rolled, and twirled, as only a modest com can twirl, and finally deposited itself under the palpi:. It was a penny ! The bagholder chased asd carefully picked up the humble bronze, and amid a dead silence returned it, with & whisper, to ita owner. Now why all this r you ask. Well it appears that was a little plot on the part of the churchwardens to extract, by publi: shame, a decent weekly offering from this venerable and wealthy but horribly parsimonious old peer, who never had soared above cappers since the abolition of the plate and the in-jodaction of the bag. And did it answer ? Xos a bit of it, the next day he had all his cushion! and books removed to his house.' 