POETRY; — DIED DRUNK. One morning a woman was found dead in a cell of the Police Station, Adelaide. She had died while in a state of intoxication. In.the dead of the silent night, When the stars were jril glistening and bright, When the streets of the city were hushed 'Neath the silence so solemn and deep, That lay more like death than like sleep, Where lately life's warm tide had rushed. The mart and the warehouse were still, And the great throbbing pulses that thrill With the strong life of commerce and trade Were still, 'neath the spell of the hour, Bereft of their might and their power, Like some ghost that enchantment has laid. And down through the stillness of night, Through the sky, that with stars was all white, Came the angel of death and of doom ; And his dark wings made darkness more deep, As his touch changed the spirit of sleep To death in that pight's awful gloom. Alone, with no loving hand nigh, With no one to receive her last sigh, Or to whisper one word of God's love- That love that was meant for just such, That love that had suffered so much To bring them to glory above. Would His grace not avail for this one That she died in that cell, and alone, Forsaken by all of her kind ? Let us pause, ere we close mercy's door, On the outcast, the wretched, and poor, Remembering God's love is not blind. She was cursed with earth's deadliest foe— With the curse of the drink fiend, I know. On her brow his foul stamp had been set, His poison had withered life's flowers, Had darkened its sunniest houis, And had made her all honor forget. In the slough she had dragged her fair name, And her womanhood covered with shame, A hissing and by-word had been. And the beauty God gave her was soiled, And the white of- her soul was all soiled With the stain, of her horrible sin. Yet the fairest who stands in God's sight, Whose soul is most pure and most white, May lie there and die, as she died; Alone with no love and no light, Alone in the silence of night, With no friendly face close at her side. O, ye sisters, I charge you, beware ; O, ye daughters of earth, have a care, Lest you fall by this very same cause ; For this cause has like issues in all, From the hovel clear up to the hall, All natures are ruled by like law*. The poison that marked her pure face Will bring to you shame and disgrace If you.love its falsesparkle as well. The demon that crashed her to death ill blast with his venomous breath - And kill with the power of his spell very hope that has made your day bright. nd each prayer that has hallowed your night May be turned to a curse by his hand. hen, daughters of earth, oh beware, nd refuse to be trapped in the snare That is blotting with crime our fair land. how your colors, and stand by them too, e honest, be faithful, ard true ; And some weaksoul, by your strengthmade strong, May stand, who had fallen but for you ; And winning his gallant way through, May join in the victor's glad song. And some woman, your sister, though now Shame's dust lieth thick on her brow, By the help of your hand may arise ; And out of sin's filth and its mire Her soul, washed and purged, may aspire To a rest in God's glorious skies. And the work would be well worth the pain, The transaction no loss, but all gain, If you freed but one soul from hell's thrall. If through you but one sinner were saved, If through you but one guilt-stained were laved In that blood that avaUeth for all. Adelaide,' August, 1879. ACNES NEAIE. 