itttetcoloaial. •THE SYDNEY EXHIBITION. [From oar own Correspondent.! AKT GALLEKY—BBITISH CQUJLT. Sydney. November 24. J • Continuing oar remarks ou .the British pic tares, we note some of the more striking, and shall hare to leave several to some compendious mode of notice or pass them without note at all as sot being particularly deserving of attention. This remark may perhaps surprise readers at a distance after all the high expectations and load boasts tbat have been indulged anent the art portion of the Exhibition. And yet it is quite correct to observe tbat despite (this qualification the effect produced by the whole is striking; and, if we may.judge of its merits by the high enlogioms that drop from the Ifps of the visitors tbat come to admire them, then this part of the Sbow has a high value. " On the Housetops" is by A. Elmore, E.A, and is intended to illustrate the well-known passage, "That which is spoken in tbe ear in closets shall be .proclaimed upon the housetops." The general view is that of an Algerian city as it appears from the roof of the bouse that stands in the foreground. The out look has the .fascination whioh comes from the transference to canvas of the characteristics of Oriental life. Mosqoe and dwelling open up before yon with a brightness and a strangeness that invite attention; while all is made addi tionally attractive by the human interest that is thrown into it. In the foreground an Eastern woman, drqped in the rich colours of which they are so fond, is calling attention by clapping her hands to some announcement she is desirous of making. Seated on a step beside her sits another woman looking sad and anxious, as though the matter that was to be rehearsed had a painful interest for her. Within a small roanded roam on (the housetop other two may ; be seen whispering some matter which appears 1 greatly to absorb them, while an arch-looking lagB on one side and an eager-looking woman on the other seem sb if they specially studied the disconsolate figure on tbe doorstep. Hurrying up with her water-vessel on her shoulder is another, who seems eager to catch all that may drop from the lips of the foremost figure that strives to gain the attention of the passers-by. The picture is one of mnch interest, for the varied expression that is introduced into the faces of the group, for the bright yet subdued colour that is over the whole, and for the contrast that it offers to our Western mind of life and manners as these obtain in Oriental forms. " All AmoDg the Barley," by Fahey, is a picture of quite another type. It deals with the old land, and with one of the most familiar Bcenes of the old land. There is little in the subject to awaken the genius of the painter, and yet the tffect he has pro duced is pleasing in the highest degree. The materials that produce that pleasure are simple. There is the wide reach of bearded grain yellowing for the harvest, gleaming in tbe fore ground with the scarlet and yellow of the many poppies that lift their gay heads to the light. Along the path that crosses the field a youth and maiden are returning from their work, and as they travel they talk, and from the manner in which he turns round to the lass it is evident that the subject of the conversation is at least to him an interesting one. The lass looks coyly down, as lasses do under such circumstances, and is drawing her hand along the heads of grain that skirt the path, as if this action tended somewhat to relieve her embarrassment. An old man bending on his staff has just crossed the stile in the distance, and suggests a sharp con trast between the morning radiance of love and hope that fills the imagination and feeling of the youthful pair, contrasted with the evening shadows that gather round the aged pilgrim. Beyond the stile the rare beauty of Epglish trees may be noted, and tbe farmhouse, with its surrounding haystacks gives you the idea of comfort. The whole is a glimpse of nature, and of human nature, that is very win some. The Mufti's Solace," by Horsley, is a study. The picture is not large, but it is magnetic. The Mufti, who in Mohammedan countries is a doctor of the law, and a dignitary of great power and influence, is seated a la Turk on a couch. His rich bronzed look is well set off by the turban on his head, and the effect is still further heightened by the brilliancy of the robe he wears, contrasting as this does with his white nether garments. His left arm rests upon an elegantly embroidered enshion, and through the window at his back, the tors of which stand out with singular relief, you may catch the vivid blue of the sky, against which the white dome of a mosque rises. The Mufti holds inhishandthe amber mouthpiece of the sinuous tube that connects with the elegant pipe-stand that stands in the middle of the room. A Nubian boy, habited in a white dress, is blowing np the imperfectly lighted pipe with a singular air of puzzlement and petinacily on his face. The brow of the master is slightly knit, and over it there rests a shadow of annoyance as thongh be had been resolving some very critical question in law dealing with some difficult case. But the pipe is there, and in that he seeks his solace. Pygmalion's Galatea," by Armitage. E.A, is a deeply interesting exhibit. Tbe artist is re presented as haviDg finished his work, and, pleased with the product of art, is bending down in prayer, with his head resting upon his arm and his chisel in his hand, that it might be endued with life. And as you mark the charm of fate and the proportion and harmony of figure, yon note also that the prayer is in process of fulfilment. The flesh tints are in the face and on the breast, and adorn the figure to the knee, and you see that it is but a little while when the whole will stand before him aB the realization of his dream, and the answer to his prayer. Another picture by Elmore is " Lenore." This is a perfect contrast to the one which we have noticed. That glows with colour; this is shadowy, spectral, weird; grey-green tints like an atmosphere ot ghosts are over all, and the shapes which the imagination of the artist bodies forth in these are in keeping. The theme is from the poem of the German Burger, and is from one of' the finest of his ballads. "Various have been tbe attempts to render tbe ideas of the author into a style that should make it to be appreciated by English readers, and with various measures of success. Perhaps the most successful attempt has been made by Longfellow. The scene represented in the picture is that in which Lenore, bowed in despair for her lost lover, who is killed in the war, curses Heaven and loses her soul. The ghostly warrior astride on his charger is made to appear at this juncture and seizes the bride of bis heart, with tbe cry, "Hurrah, the dead can ride apace; Don't fear to ride with me." Ghostly forms peep ont from the canvas and twist and turn in their chase after the plighted pair. Tbe artist strives to give in painting what the poet has given in words, when he says— "Look np, look up, an airy crew In roundel dances reel; The moon is bright and blue the night, Mayst see them dimly wheeL And brash, brash, brash, the ghostly crew Came wheeling on their heads, All rustling like the withered leaves That wide the whirlwind spreads." The style of this picture is the very antithesis of the other, yet both will please, and to both folks will come back to revive and review the impressions produced by the first glance. Of a very different order are two other pictures not far removed. The first is " Cupboard Love," and the second is " My Baby Sleeps." Tbe former represents a bonny specimen of a servant, with a dainty little cap on her head, and a bunch of keys in her hand, about to open the door behind which are stored (all things pleasant to tbe appetite of children. A group of gleesome children gather round her, evidently wishing to be on the closest terms of friendship. One sprightly urchin has leaped up and is hugging her round the neck with a warmth that makes her beaming face laugh again. Another has turned from his horse and drum for the moment under the spell of a superior attention; a third, a sweet little maiden whose flaxen hair creeps ont from nnder her scarlet hood, has dropped her doll, and is looking up with a look of supplication in her face. An older sister is tugging at the dress of the maiden, clamouring to have her share in the good things to be dispersed. And the oldest of the group swings her large sunhat in _ her band, evidently surveying the whole with an air of quiet amusement, and yet with a look, that indicates she would not be above going partners witn the rest in a division of the spoils. " My Baby Sleeps" is af poem of maternal tenderness. The home is a humble one, for the room in which she is seated has all the appearance of being destitute of everything Jn the shape of luxury, save that luxury which is alike the portion of rich and poor—the luxury of a mother's love. In a wooden cradle, somewhat rough and ungainly, covered by a patchwork quilt, you may see the chubby face of a sleeping child. The mother has her knitting on her knee, but the needle is still thrust through the bundle, and ere she begins to ply her task, in that snatch of leisure which oomes with toby slumbers, she is looking down upon the bright face tbat touches her heart with that strange thrill of joy which only mothers know. "Esau," by G. F. Watts, is a painting that gives you the picture of a man who gathers up within himself the feeling of a great sadness. His shaggy head and rough face, and wilderness robe, indicate the man of the desert—while the attitude and expression of the whole invite you to meditative. The picture is to be noted for its suggestive power rather than for any particular brilliancy of artistic treatment. "Joan of Arc," by Oalderon, exhibits the youthful heroine in agreement with the legend of -hex feelings in her girlhood.. This was to the effect that the enthusiastic maid was favoured by visions of great power and-inspiration, in Whichshe heard mysterious voices cailipg her to 9 the great wotkwhich has immori^izedher ramrev The painterigives into'':> colonr. The fair h^dhn''stcmdi ^r a --'rocky, eminence and looks eagerly forward to the blaze cf light which invitee hergaze dn the'east, In - the golden glory of the coming d ay t spreads across the sky and touches everything with brightness, she seems to see the symbol of the brighter hour which is yet to break upon her own loved France. As she. leans forward in the dream you can almost imagine yon see the rapt look of the eager maid, and through it the npture and the power .that stir her son), "James IV. before the Battle of Flodden," by Fald, is a very striking piece. The legend which, is the basis of the painting runs thus:—That when the monarch was at his devotions in the Church of Linlithgow there came to-him an old man in a bine gown, with " brodekins" on his feet, and long fair hair falling down- his back^ who leaned "guefSogie* on the King's desk,, and thus addressed him—*' Sir King, my mother has sent me to thee, desiring thee not to go quhair tbow art purposed, qubilk if -tbow doe thow sa.ll not fair well in tby jorney, nor n oa th at is with thee. Fardder, she forbad than nob to mele, nor use the counsel! of women, quhilk. if thow doe, thou wilt be confounded and: brought to shame." The artist has reproduced, the scene with singular ability. Seated in a chair is the handsome monarch, looking up with an air of attention in which a slight feeling of suspense is expressed, as if the story of the old man who leans over the desk to warn the Kinjr bad produced an impression sufficiently -strong to make the monarch nneasy, but not strong enough to turn him from his purpose. An old monk is ssated|j|besides Jumes, with his hood drawn over his bead, but a singular look in his smooth face, a look half of derision and half of doubt, as if the monition might yet prove true. One of James's warriors, an ironclad noble whose figure seems to walk oui of the canvas, looks on with a look of ill concealed disgust. Noble ladies, too, are there, in all probability the advisers of James to his hurt—and with these many another figure which gives life to the scene. The sad events of that fatal fight of Flodden to the Scotch monarch give additional interest to the vener able figure who here is stating his convictions with so ranch earnestness, only, however, to be disregarded by him whose courage was so much greater than his prudence. " A Gipsy Encampment," by O. E. Johnson, is very good. The time is evening. In the fore gronnd, where the party has settled for the night, the Bbadows have begun to settle, which makes the lingering snnligbt on the bit of upland that shines in the mid-distance all the more conspicuous. The heavy horse and the rough jaded donkey seem as if they thoroughly enjoyed their rest. In the tent yon may discern the preparations for the evening meaL The black crock of the gipsy is suspended over the woodland fire, and from the neighbouring streamlet a gipsy maiden is coming with a pail of water. There is a quietness, a shadow, a restfulness about the picture which make it str iking. Of a very different class is the painting, "A Bedouin Caravan on the road to Mount Sinai," by E. Beuvis. Here the clearness of the atmosphere of the East, the brilliancy of the sky, the boldness and sharpness of the mountain range, the dreariness of the desert, the bones that bleach along the track, relics of former caravans, the boulders that are scattered on the ground, the scanty vegetation that struggles for an existence in the dry soil of that arid land—all are portrayed with trne fidelity and pictorial power. And then the string of camels—so gaunt in their figure, so patient in their looks, as they plod along under their heavy burden of miscellaneous freight, with the sinewy Arab drivers that journey by their side—all give you an idea of" heat, of thirst, of weariness which does not enamour yon of desert travels. The very shadows of the camels as they pass are given with so much distinctness and force that you instinctively ipfer the fierceness of the light that heats down upon that toiling company by the sharp black patches that are cast with such idea of reality upon the scene. " Spring-time in Egypt," and " The Banks of the Nile," by Goodall, are very striking pictures. The first impression produced upon the mind is that they are the creations of fancy rather than the presentations of fact. There is about them such transparency of light, such an ariel look, that you are apt to imagine the artist has greatly overdrawn the matter. But any one who has seen the sky of Egypt and felt that sensation of being dazzled by excess of" light which one feels beneath its unshadowed sun will readily admit that the whole is true to nature. If you look in the one picture at the Pyramids as they nplift their massive forms, with that delicate rose-tint which comes from the glory and consecration of the early morning, or with the slant beams of the setting: son; and then in the other at the slender shafted palms, with their crowns of leafy beauty that they wear so proudly—not omitting the picturesque groups that have come down to the waters of the great river, as it opens out in little lake-like reaches,whose forms are mirrored in the glassy water with such wondrous effect— yon cannot but feel that you are looking at the work of a man who has genuine artistic skill. " Morning in the Market-Place at Cairo," by Dowling, is a picture of the same class, and: portrays with, great fidelity the life that stira> that great , city in the early day. We are tempted to linger on it, but must pass on. There are some very noteworthy pictnres in this portion of the gallery by Ausdell, who is worthy to be ranked with Landseer as a painter of animal life. The first, which is entitled " An Anxious Mother," represents a fine specimen of a sheep away in the loneliness of the Scotch hills, with two lambs by her side. The lake looks dreamy in the distance and a hazy look, rests upon the mountain, but these, are mere adjuncts of the picture. The whole interest gathers in the central group, for which all the rest is painted.. Standing upon the highest point, the affrighted dam looks keenly forth, as if to ascertain the cause of her alarm, and the two lambs at her Bide, gathering near her, look as if they share in the fright of the mother. Tbe incident is a simple one, but what power has been put into the picture for all that. How the eyes speak ; how the dilated nostrils seem to quiver with the emotion of the moment. And, then, look at the coats of the creatures. "With what mastery of imitation is the wool reproduced. So much so that, taking^ this into account with the attitude of the animals, you can well imagine that the painter must have made sheep-life a special study. But here ia another sketch by the same artist, entitled "The Keeper's Daughter" in which dog-life appears so true to nature that on can well believe that dog-life has also been a special study. They both, however, are quite equalled, perhaps in some respects surpassed, by •'The MinsterMarabes,EasXKent,"by Cooper. Here again the feature of the painting is animal life. A bull and four cowb occupy the foreground, and are painted with rare fidelity and strength. of execution. How the horns of the animals stand out; what eoftuess and colour are iu wroug at in the skin; how true to life is the expression of the eye. There they are—some are standing, some are lying, but all seem to live you It is the work of a master; and though the material dealt with is only a bull and four cows,, yet you are made to feel that when Genius works-—no matter what the material with which: she works—you,are conscious of her power. "On the Eoad to Lanrwst," as it is termed in one list, or "Mount's Bay," by Bromley, asi it is designated in another, is a .painting that strikes you at first as being too glaring iu colour,, bat it repays study and grows upon you the. more you look at it. We should, think the bonr is the late afternoon by the peculiar golden hue that fades upon the hills and fields. What adds to this particular effect is that the sunshine falls upon the gorse in full flower; and when, as in some. cases, patches of this cover the moorland or the rock, tbe reflected light seems excessive. But when you stand at some distance from the picture, as you should do to Btudy it from that point, you feel that it is a fine piece of painting. The effect of the landscape is still further heightened by tbe charm of the sea, that here sweeps into a sort of bay. With, such accuracy and beauty is this represented that you seem to see the very motion of the crisp little wavelets in the trans lucent green water beneath. Andthen look at the rocks that skirt the shore. Tiiere they are, bearing the marks of the tempests and the breakers that have beat upon them when the wild stormy spirit has hurled home the mad fury of Atlantic waters upon their fretted sides. But now they are serene and bright, and as you look down upon the little circles of foam that play around them it would seem as if the sea in its milder mood were singing to them a song of love and reconciliation, as atonement for tbe rage of its more tem pestuous hours. A few sheep may be traced upon the hills, and on the sea you may note the seine boats and the fishermen who are waiting there to gather the harvests of the deep. " Leafy Lanes" is a fascinating picture of a mother's joy, as she carries on her back the boy who is a mother's pride. The laughing eye«10E the youngster look over his mo there Bhoulder full of fun and frolic, and-the bright arid happy Ei.«« <>f the mother looks back with an while the Son Shines," by F. Chester, is a very happy putting of an old The rustic swam and the lassie of his heart are working in the field, but they have both found time for a brief interlude in their toil. He is whispering something in her ear, but it is not, we venture to think, "Tell me, Mary, bow to woo thee." They seem to have passed beyond that stage. The word that drops into the maiden's ear with such welcome and makes music in her heart; is ^he honey ol ardent-love, -and Alary looks up at John with a tenderness and a joy that tell himhis suit is There are some pretty marine pieces. " Or m hjg the Bar at.Scarborough" shows asmxik caught'on the swell and foam of a broken warn ss it rushes-furiously forward on its course. "The Cleopatra in a Hurricane* shows yon that she is having a had time of it. "The "Victory Breaking the Line of Battle at Tra falgar" wakens thoughts of the hearts of oak ■ that did snch noble things in the days that are gone. It is a pirture fall of fire and smoke, in \- which the genius ot battle seems to be scattering death and desolation, and beyond the associa tions that gather round it there is little in the picture to attract. Some Scripture scenes are in the group, such as the story which brings before us thoughts of " the fruit of that forbidden tree, whose mortal taste brought death into the world, with all our woe." Barry's picture of "The Temptation of Adam" is there, bat we do not think it is very striking. Sir V. Brighton's " Samson and Delilah" is also there, and "The Baumg of the Widow's Son at Nain;" also, "Joseph making himself known to his Brethren," hat we cannot pause over tbem. There are some others, also, which we are tempted . to linger over, but we think we have said enongh of the British Court of paintings \- in regard to oils. There are also some striking vatt-r colours, but we must content ourselves vith ihe r< mark that they suffer somewhat in effectiveness through being in such close proximity to the larger oil paintings. Never theless, to thoBe who will patiently study them the la bear will be well repaid. In addition, there are some excellent architectural drawings and designs. The whole is supplemented by marble statues and some figures in bronze, with certain -others in plaster, which complete the exhibits. 'Several well-known celebrities look foitb at you, such as Lord Beaconsfield, appear ing estate and politic as he is known to be; and Gladstone, earnest and somewhat sombre, as though he had fennd the mission of life a serious business; and John Bright, the great tribune, whose eloquence is so fine, and whose honesty is eo thorough. Beside these we have a capital bust of the great poet Tennyson, and the great novelist Dickens, and the great preacher Spurgeon, with others that we have not space to name. The British Court is certainly the finest, and this is iust what might be expected, seeing that we are a British colony, and could not expect ■Continental artists to contribute so largely as 'those of our own nationality. I omitted to '-mention thai Martin's great pictures are in the \- collection, but are placed so high, and are con sequently at such a disadvantage, that they fail to strike you in snch a manner as might be ex \- pected from the reputation they bear. Of the other courts we must speak in a future letter. 