EcilUOA, MOAWA AND KKRANG ADVERTI3EU. {PUBLISHED DAILY.) Eohooa, Tuesday, May 6, 1879. The policy of Mr. Longmore in going out of his way to encourage selection at a time when the Land Act is so near its expiration is open to very serious question. There is an almost general consensus of opinion that the system by which the public estate is of the land which is disposed of, nor that genuine settlement which it was hoped would be obtained as an equivalent for the easy terms of purcshase. All parties arc agreed that when next the question cornet up for settlement it should be ilealt with in some manner differing essei tially from that which exists at present; and it m>ght have been expected that under such circumstance. •i Minister who aspires also to be considered a land law reformer would rather discourage selection, and endeavor to save as lar°e an area^ of our Unalienated territory as possible, to be brought hereafter under a more rational and equitable system Moreover, it is abundantly, manifest that selectiou has already reached tho limit be yond which it cannot bo extended with ad vantage to the selectors. Notwithstanding the almost general failure of the last har vest, the rates ruling for produce of all de scriptions are so low as to be barely re munerative in some cases, and absolutely unrenmnerative in others, and had tho har vest been a good one, our farmers would have had to look for an outside market with little prospect of finding one, for with wheat at 47s per quarter in J£n« laud, expoi tations of that staple would afford but very little relief, and for other kinds of produce no market!) whatever is available beyond the limits of the colony. And yet Mr. Longmore is doin» his best to encourage an extension ol' selection and consequently an increase of production; and not content with getting rid as fast as possible of the ordi nary arable land, ho is now bent upon disposing of our forest reserves On Friday morning a large portion of the Macedon Statej Forest]lieservejis to be thrown open for selection, and although tin land is not specially adaj ted for cultiva tion, its proximity to Mell ourno and its contiguity to the main line of railway will be sure, to cause a rush for it. It appears to us that this proceeding is altogether inde fensible. ' It is true that the forest has been almost entirely denuded of timber of amarketablecharacter,butthereservesliould be nono the less jealously gaarded on that account, [Jnder proper regulations and with a judicious system of conservation a comparatively short time only would elapse before the forest would be restored, and alike on this account and for climatic and sanitary reasons, this portion of the publie property should have been preserved intact Mr. Longmore, however, has decided other wise, and 011 Friday 10,GOO acres of this valuable reserv« will be scrambled for under the 19th section, and in a few years every trace of the forest will have been destroyed. j Apart altogether from the general ques i, tion of policy involved in this proceeding there is one feature of it which is worthy of the strongest condemnation. In addition to the 10,000 acres which are to be thrown open under the 19th section, Mr. Longmore lias set apart an area of 1600 acres which is to be divided into small blocks and selected as residence sites under the 49th section, these are designed for the benefit of the ants> Pr°fes3i°Qal men and others of Melbourne. Already a number of villa resi dences have been erected on the southern •slopes of the Mount, the land having been obtained in the manner to which Mr -ongmore is now giving his official sanc tion, and we have no hesitation in savino that a more glaring infraction both of the letter and spirit of the Act, could ipofc bo conceived.' Tho 49th section, as we have previously had occasion to point out p.pplies solely and exclusively to the gold fields. It was designed to provide residences for those who, owing to the auri ferous, or presumed auriferous nature of the land, could not obtain allotments by purchase or by the ordinary process of se lection . The marginal note to the clause —"License to use auriferous land"—suf ficiently explains its meaning, but the word ing of the clause itself leaves no doubt whatever upon the subject. It is as fol lows :—"The Governor may from time to time grant licenses for any period not ex ceeding one year which shall entitle the holders theroof respectively to reside on or cultivate any lands on any 'gold field' with in the meaning of any Act now or here after to be in.force relative to the gold fields or lands adjacent thereto not exceed ing in extent twenty acres, &c.;" iSTot even Mr. Longtnorc himself will have the hardi hood to pretend that the land on Mount Macedon is auriferous, or that the Mount is situated upon a goldtield or adjacent to one, and lie has no more legal right to permit its occupation under the •19th section than he would have to cut up and dispose of any of the reserves around the city of Melbourne in the same way. And not only is the law broken but the State is defrauded by this process. These residence sites if submitted to auction in the legiti mate way would command high prices, but assuming that the practise hitherto adopted is persisted in the licensees will secure the fee simple of their holdings for little or nothing. The rent for a 20 acre block is L2 per annum, and if the holder choses to continue paying rent for ten years, ha can then obtain the freehold for a nominal sum. But the usual plan is, after the lapse of a year or t.vo, to get the land put up to auction at a low upset price, and with a value for improvements sufficiently high to prevent competition. Whichever plan is adopted the law is violated, and the revenue suffers. Wo have grown so ussd to the high-handed proceedings of the head of the Lands Department that perhaps we ought to be astonished, at nothing, but we certainly find it'difficult to understand how Mr. Longmore, after set ting such an example, can deal severely with those who §may better his instruction, and set aside or creep through thei, provi sions of the Land Act on '"their own account. Our Sydney telegram, published in yester day's issue, informs us that in all proba bility the Ministry will abandon the A.mending Land Bill, at least for the pre sent session. Looking at the surrounding circumstances, we should think that the probability was very great "indeed. The session is to be brought to a close on the loth inst., and the bill has so far made very little progress in Committee. Every clause give3 rise to a long debate and some thing like a score of honorable members hav-3 either attempted to carry amendments or have intimated their intention of doing so ; so that if the whole of tile remainder of the session were devoted to the measure in the Assembly, it is hardly possible that it could be disposed of by that chamber, to say nothing of its consideration by' the Upper House, where wa may be sure it would have to pass through'* an ordeal quite as severe as that to which it is being subjected in tile Lo\Ver House. It is most likely, therefore, that the bill will be shelved, and that Ministers will not waste farther time over its d'scussinn. seeing +>••»*, jo !'ess that we shall not regard this altogether with feelings Of Eegtefc. The measure con tains Several useful provisions, but it is so fragmentary and imperfect as a whole that we believe the public interest would be best served by delaying all legislation on j the subject until it Can be dealt with in a j couipvehensive manner. The bill) as it j stands at present-, makes concessions both to the free selCCtofs and the pastoral ten ants, but, at the'same lime, it, rather in creases than otherwise the facilities for diuninyism, and does not in any way at tempt to deal with the question in the' interests of that very largfc 'section of the communityj wild . a'W . neither . selectors nor sqilattctfs. We pointed out when it was first introduced that although it was described as only a tentative measure, the danger was that when tbe special grievances which it was designed to redress had been dealt with the agitation fnr reform would quietly subside, and that no Ministry) relieved frotli outside pressure, would bS very anxious to take up a question fraught with so many difficul ties. The shelving of the measure, how ever, will inevitably lead to a renewal of the agitation, and the Ministry will be compelled to redeem the promise made by Sir Henry Parkes upon his accession to office, bring in a bill which will deal with the whole subject of land alienation and settlement in a thorough and compre hensive manner. The most important discussion that has so far taken place during the progress of tin measure through the Assembly was upon Mr. Barbour's amendment upon the 1st Clause, which repeals the 31st Clause <>f the Amended Act of 1875. The latter clause as most of our readers are aware, gives the pastoral tenant the right to acquire portions of his rim by virtue of improvements, and it is not too much to say that whatever the intentions of its frainers may have been, its j practical operation has been most injurious. It has been worked to the hindrance of settlement and to the detriment of the free selector in almost every district in the colony, and the wording is so vague and ambiguous that it has given rise to a great deal of vexatious litigation. Its repeal therefore would be regarded with general satisfaction. But Mr. Barbour was auxious to include in tie repealing section the 19th clause of the same Act, which isjj scarcely less objectionable. This provides that where conditional purchases are forfeited the holdings revert to the Crown, and prac tically become re-incorporated in the runs of which they originally formed a por tion. It is true that the Minister of Lands stated t-iat since lie took office lie had given instructions, with the view of stopping the practice, and had directed that in all such cases the improvements should be valued and the forfeited selections submitted to auction ; but the evidence of several members went to show that this course had not been generally adopted, but that the clause operated most unfairly to the advantage of the squatter. Mr. Barbour assured the House that he knew of j cases where forfeited purchases and the I pro-leases attached co them had aggregated 10,000 acres, and had gone back into the occupation of the lessee, who did not pay any additional rent. In some cases the forfeited conditional purchases were im proved to the extent of LI per acre, and thd lessee simply appropriated the im provements to his own use. Mr. Day, t however, gave the clearest illustration of the way in which the clause is worked. He said :—" A run was leased for five years, and if a large portion of the run were taken up under conditional purchase the lessee applied for a reappraisement, and ho took care to post the appraiser up on all these pohits. Suppose a case in which 10,000 acres had been taken out of a run by free selection and pre-emptive lease. The ap praiser then at the ezjd of the year reap praised the run, allowing for the 10,000 acres taken out, and consequently the lessee would have She benefit of that in a reduc tion of the rent. But if three-fourths of the land happened to be forfeited the lessee used it, and did not make an application for an appraiser to come agaiu to appraise the land. 320 acres of land might be taken up by a dummy who improved it to the extent of a pound per acre, but failed to prove the residence requirements, and the land then reverted to the run. In nine cases out of ten the lessee did not purchase this land, becanse no one could select it or tike it awuy from him, and lie got all hejwarifcod out of it." The importance of the matter may be better estimated when \Ve mention that up to the end of 1S7S the total area of the selections which had been forfeited amounted to 1,500,000 acres, together, of course, with three times that area of pre-leases, so that in all 6,000,000 acres have reverted to the pastoral tenants, who have hot been called upon to pay any additional fent, and who have, in a large number of instances, obtained the full benefit-, without paynlent, of valuable improvements effected by the ousted selectors. In Victoria, such for feitcd holdings would be open to re-selec tion, but this is not the case under .the land laws of New South Wales, and thus the squatter has every incentive not only to dumvnyism, but to bring about by every meaus in his power the failure of settle nient. The remedy proposed for this most unsatisfactory state of affairs was a very simpla one. It was that forfeited selec tions should be put up to lease by auction Whether this would prove ^entirely effica cious may* perhaps) bo do lib ted ; but it would certainly be a very great improve-1 ment on the present system. However, after a debate which lasted a whole night, the Assembly refused to repeal the 19 th clause, and the amendment was negatived by 24 votes to 16. This is only one of the objectionable fea tures of the existing law \vhich the AmencU iug Bill Will idave untouched. There is, of course* a great deal of force in the argu ment used by the Ministry in Resist ing amendments which perhaps under other circumstances they might not be disposed to regard as objectionable. Their bill has oeen brought in with two or three speci fic objects, and with no pretensions to be considered a permanent measure, and they object to go boypncl the sedpe which "\Vas Set forth upon its introduction. But, taking all th6 eirdiltiVat&ilces; into account, and for tlie reasons we have already stated, we believe it will be to the ultimate ad vantage .both of those directly interested in settlement and of the general public that the bill should be abandoned and the ques tion left over to be dealt with as a whole next session-. The PoitiiiB CdtfRTs.—There was no busi ness to deal with at the Echuca Police Court yesterday. At Moama there was also clean sheet. Bridging the More ay.—Concerning the intended fourth bridge over the Murray at y.irrovronga, a public meeting qLthe mi Cltiuio uii uie irew South Wales side of the river took place on Wednesday, at Mr. Daw's hotel, Mulwalla, when upwards of 60 of the most influential gentlemen . iti the locality attended, adme Of whom had come nearly 30 taiie3. Mr. Alex. Slonr, J.P., &f; Mulwalla, was unanimously voted to tlm chair, and J. 0. Caflin acted as secretary; The Chaiiman, in a brief yet well chosen Speech-, eApl.iiiied the object of the nreetin», and called on Mr. H. F. H. Budd to pro pose the first resolution, which was to the offset that a bridge oyer the Murray was de sirable. This was seconded, by Mr. G. Hayes, and carried unanimously. Several other resolution! wfete proposed and carried. a\ld it Was resolved to petition the Govern ment of New South Wales to take united action with the Government of Victoria for the purpose of erecting, the bridge. The Chairman and Air. Budd were unanimously chosen as a committee to drftfr up the peti tion, {and cifculato the Same for signature, and a Resolution was passed to the eflsct that the petitioii be presented to the Assembly by Mr. George Pay, meuiber fdr the dis trict of Humei Tlie principal speakers were Mesai's. A. Hay, P. Dunn,- Thompson, Rutherford, tVhelan, Lnurence, Reilly, Hunt, and Sharp. A collection was then made to defray the printing and other ex penses, when a regular rush was made for the table. The Chairman said this was the most important meeting ever held in the dis trict, and certainly a riidre unanimous one could licit bej as testified by the eagerness displayed to contribute. Such unanimity was sufficient to show the^urgent need there existed for the work in question, and which would be a boon to generations yet unborn. Mr. C;iflin explained tho various forms of peition, and after some desultory con versa' tion, a vote of thanks to the Chairman and Secretary brought the meeting to a close. THE FIREWOOD SUPPLY.— With the open- ing of the new bridge across the Murray at Echuca, a new trade has sprung up between that town and its border neighbor—Moama. The supply of box timber for firewood on the Echuca side of the Murray is of limited extent, and consequently expensive. On the other side of the river the Moama State forest and forests open to woodcutters are of almost inexhaustible dimensions, and close to town. The wood there is much cheaper than in Echuca. Every day now loads of wood are to be seen coming from Moama to Echuca, where it can be sold at a good profit, as the only border impost amounts to about 6d. a load, for wharfage dues. In former days the heavy puntage fees charged debarred the carting of wood from the Moama forests to Echuca. •Tiie Moama Dock.—The excavations, at the dock at Moama are all but completed, and the contractor expects to finish up by the end of this week. The greatest depth of earth gone through is 23 feet, aud the dock now looks very well, tho bottom being in a lino with the "summer level" of the Murray. At one portion the dock is only 40ft. wide, so that there will be very little room te spare for one vessel, and it will be impossible for two largo steamers to pass. It appears to be a gict mistake on the part of 'heGovernment that the dock was not so designed as to have room for vessels to pass e-ich other. A g"od deal of dead timber is left on tiie banks of the lagoon, which will most assuredly be washed into the dock at high rivoi unless the Government order its removal. A laigo number of trees overhang the excavations, aud the W.13I1 of steamers will undermine tiie routs and bring these in. Before long somewhat cxtensivo improve ments and alterations \vi! 1 have to be made The wharf will be resumed next week, and tae contractor hopes to Linish that itracture in eight weeks' time. Lie has thirty-two piles to driver, which are readv 0:1 the bauks of the Murray, awaiting a rise in the river to allow of their transport to the scone of the works. SnirriNG Notes. —The Enterprise and barge discharged their'cargo of sawn timber at i?>o. 3 crane yesterday. All tlx-- embankment at the dock except one small piece at tho eastern end has been removed. 'Due Emtso.ss.— Last rn-hl , Euipson troupe opeael in >; Hail, when they iv.lly s\i3t>iR..\ •~' 'i '•; ab\o impression they had 1,-u '"a of Echuca since Iheir last vU\t.' mice was not very large, but thins*''" plained when it 13 rememWed Read's Ghost has been played iu,« succession daring the pKceedinaV"""'' ' 'the entertainment iastuiijht one, and provoked applause, llei ji! - • ospecially being in high Uvor. 1^-.' - company penorm3 positively (0. time. ■••'■ Tee TEixnioxni, to tfa. $. Ay;.. , will be remembered that when.Mr. >;~i.' turmerly mma-ier of the Eekci the Commercial Bank was weeks ago to the managership of tv V' ' branch, it was determined to with a testimoni >1. He was, lio^v",'V away to the sphere of his ue* ,1-■ hurriedly that' no opportunity *,5 o£ making the presentation personal;?* subscribers therefore depute,! Mr,'?/"' father to forward the tcatimanii '.V A.me3S at Bitiarat, which thv. did, and yesterday teMv*l \i« \w acknowledgment 'ram Mr. I " Tlio Commercial Uwk 0f .vj,V,~ i (Limited). BaUarat, 2nd "ihy, 1 Dear Pennetather,—I mvat fest 1 for not acknowledging sooner ynut'i, f■ 1 18th ult., and the receipt of the hwv 1 address, which,! have to coniew Uy 1 V;now how to suitably ackniswUd^, r;: I oppression to ths sentiments proiu^,: I perusal-. ?rubably no one teah \ \V.'\\-.; 1 5macka oi, laidalwm if .Ihethfe; 1 this case; It is in ll\e kind exptes;it \ will, and the thought of the; eel'uo \ prompted them that makes the n? 1 the "ift so gratifying, and in which 1 lio3 Us trim vl.. one and all, an as^ranci)»! a tegard', wiA wfrtcli I stall ev« ret their Consideration and kindness. 1 sonal generous remarks and expte&v; I good will I can assure you are tv>; ! ■ esteemed, undervalued, or\inreciur cr.; yours, faithfully,—Samuel Amew.' Ladies' Benevolent Society. monthly meeting of members el Ladies' Benevolent Society was L-U: Town Hall yesterd'&y; afternoon, wh-a wcro present Mrs; Hartshorn Moadames T.uhra, M'Oracken, J03; Girlick, Palmer, Moorhoiise, Elk!, Gardiner, Burgess; Wi\ljgtn?oii; r \Varr'a«\ and Miss the co'.ler the past month handed in thesumof £ representing their collections ihrir period. This sum include! £'210;., of the £5 given by the recent -ier' n the prize fijhfc prosecution to the Bench, the other portion of ttv p* voted to the Moama poor'-hux M was elected a vice:pi'«UOT.t, i >• Mrs. M'JdiUion, the latter WvIht Echuca. The monthly nccounu - mitted and passed for payment. I' ported that the number of ca tial relief during the month \n 1 five cases whero assistance porary nature had bfienrendtti.il. Ladie3 who Collected ks: nioiu.i, perform the duty for the enr * :l 1 Mr. Lee \Vas appeiulsd la Maker ror the month. The Pm : attention to a letter Riveuixe 11 EP.Ai.D sisned bv Jih giving vent to very migrated « with rogard to the aid given m h ^ociely after his home was fire. All the ladies present wt-ro r that the remarks werii i|uitc-n:ie !!e! that the writer exhibited doing. Mra. Hnrtnliurn ami uv.rrr called on him. when he ;t.td sorry he had Caused the rwlm': letfcer. Mrs. Warren sii^e-ic I should reserve their oust <4 cVMa; tribution among (he 1 d _h : Agreed iipc)iij Mrs. J;)ha«' iu ' { Qehting to take charge of aay Ac** ! that description. Reform League. — We le.un • attempt is about to be male n r;i the Echtica branch of the Ni'.'.uri! League., A Meeting, liavinj ihi: Hew, is to bo held at the Br&e; H. Monday evening next. The Embassy.—The London c:: dent of the " Argus" tclegrajihi - official written reply to the propq=-;u Victorian Embassy had beeu (it!;;: Mr Berryj who was very nnwe.i, r frotn an attack of rheumatic sjok. i: eDhsideted possible that he woiiid to leave fdr Melbourne by the mail. £The Leader of tbe Ofropno' James Service is announced in_' pRper aS likeiy tb speak at Mataa <• early day. The boo gentleman wiilf': address the electors immediately departure of the outgoing mail. HayS. N. Co.MPAxr.-At Hay, on s.-. day, the steamers and barges of fc Steam Navigation Company were ;j aaction and realised £4,000, M CuW Go; being the purchasers: ■ Mk. "Matthew Bobsett.— Melbourne exchanges we Iwrn Matthew Burnett is diligently ft* his mission in the suburbs. Oa^1 visited Pentridge Stoekade, and meeting at which there were p-— 500 of the inmates, wlio trtreai.- . At the close of his address fu"i lir ,... of the assemblage nilunhnL pledge. . ... • . M irsic a.vd .Fancy Work.- ( draw attention to an adrertispan ^ column, by which it will bs s;c" 'r G. T. Hancock is prepared tions in instrumental and vuc;u ... ! ..flmr i)es:ni'ti|,iJ,,"V. I floiver raakiiiif auJ ofli£?r deajripn1' I work, at Ji;iv rates. Airs Ha I references of ;i eery hicrh cl.ia in - I sion. ' I The Sawmills.—In con.-eqj" / continued ioiv state of the met > veuts the ■ sa\rmilIor$ from nbtn^ I supply of raw material, the milk -• I are all at rest, tiio aiipply ot !«-'j» I during tho *muter having bwi ^ I during the Jong dry season. / ; P-KOJIOTIOtf I.V THE -VaW -TlW =:jr: I m the promotion of the senior lieuM; I about, the IPesttmMormwjSccs^!'^ J smnetrhafc alleviated by a c-'iisidew.r3 I titioij to the list of command;. ; I found during the /ate Etuopm cf,i'V I such a large fleet had to be kepi in c®--j I that there was nota commander to-'Z^ / the list • and if hostilities had bro>-s^:'C I immediate' addition to the coa®-11-- ; ,; would have been a necessity. I pay of a sei>ior-lieiiteimot aud 'i>3' I viander is pretty much alike, fe addition of fifty names to She fa® j I not affect the naval estimates fu 30.r J;; able extent. . y | Lake CoLAC.—JIr. JM" ?. ?%>>} i I lessee of the Irrewarra estate, "f , I I Late Oolac, has thon^iitfit to |I | deop drain from the lake tlirjW1 ^ v;. I I pevty, which has considerably lake. \ We (Coke Herald) are jolj y. J dr.iin is of a very u'xteiicire . fji: I and that it has lowered the wter, I Oolac nearly tiro feet. This!}33 I no doubt, for the purpose «: >r j ,;f I cattle,' am1 it would also ' I residents who lire iii the imiaei-!1 .v I This eud might have beef quite as effeclnnliy had Mr-I the expense of laying dot?" 5i I quarters of a miie of P'Pe5>.,,1 jii I thu bridge, as originally w}?6'•■>\0 I late ilr. John Calrert. J™ %, fi caused an ouilay of sonic ^ J would hare answered the ^ c;:f I ireil, and there would Jiatt bee I cessary waste of 1 rater, I 