AHC'S REVENGE, By W. T. CHAPTER I. "Well, Donald, old man, how does it pan out?" 'Splendidly! Will, splendidly ! Hurrah! Struck it at last ! Just look at the grand prospect. Two ounces to the tub, or I'm a Dutchman. Cooee for Dave and Ahc to come up, and the enthusiastic speaker held up a tin dish, in the bottom of which glittered in the bright sunlight at least half-an-ounce of heavy, shotty gold. A cooee, long, loud and clear, and one that even a blackfellow would have admired, and that made the hills ring again, soon brought our two mates to the little dam's side to enjoy the welcome sight. "What jolly luck," was Dave's comment; "and just before Christmas, too. By the Lord Harry ! won't I send pater and mater and the young 'uns a Christmas-box, that's all ? No more work to-day, boys," and he threw down the shovel that, in his hurry, he had brought with him from our now "golden hole." We smiled at our young mate's boister ously expressed joy, and Ahc (otherwise known among the pigtail children of the Flowery Land as Ah Cooey), who, after the style of his race, had been standing stolidly by, turned away with the simple remark, "No more work? All'ight ; go and get tools," and off went the Celestial fourth partner in the bonanza. A light-hearted party we were in the tent that night, and many were the air-castles we built, and great the stock of fun we laid in for ourselves with the dividends to be realised before Christmas Day, then about a fortnight distant. Ahc kept muttering something to himself, which, being in his native language, was, of course, slightly unintelligible, but in which the word "Canton" was often repeated ; and once or twice I caught Dave fondly gazing at a miniature in a little heart-shaped locket he always carried with him, and which he one day gravely assured me was the portrait of his sister. "Your own, or somebody else's?" was Donald's dry comment on this information being tendered, a query which remained unanswered, except by Dave's blushes. We had been mates we four for a long time, and, though young men all, had pros pected a good many places, with the diggers' usual luck— sometimes doing pretty well ; at others, as at the Berlin, working from week to week without getting the colour, whilst the claim next to us hardly went a fort night without turning out a decently-sized nugget or two. Dave, Donald and I had been school fellows, and Ahc, whom I had known for some years at Ballarat, we had taken into partnership at the Berlin, the considera tion he paid us for that honour being the use of his name and credit with a countryman storekeeper — no slight consideration, I can assure you, when for about two months before Ahc's admission to the firm we had been on such short commons, that in another week or two a "skeleton would have been a Dan'l Lambert to some of us," and we had more than once discussed the advisability of casting lots as to which unlucky one was to fall a victim to his mates hunger. Ahc had been long enough in the country to talk English like a native, and was especially valuable to us for his intimate knowledge of the fields where miners most did congregate. A straight, square man was Ahc, and in a short time we got to like and trust him immensely. Following his advice, we had made tracks for Dolly's Creek, a diggings a few miles from the head of the Moorabool, and situated at no great distance from the Meredith station, on the Ballarat and Geelong railway line. Dolly's Creek at this time was inhabited principally by a few Scotch families, who had come straight from the ship thither, and many of whom, during all the years they had lived there, had never, been more than twenty miles away from their homes in any direction; had never visited Melbourne, Gee long, Ballarat, or any other large town, and knew only of these places from the few people and hawkers who came to them with mer chandise, etc. A quiet, peaceable community, living in and among themselves, and caring nothing for the outside, wearying, bustling world, and whose children were taught the three R's by the neat little village schoolmistress, whose cosy ivy and rose-covered cottage served the twofold purpose of school and dwellinghouse. Among these people we sojourned for a few weeks, till the prospecting, which con sisted solely in stripping the soil for about six inches in depth, was finished, and then, under the direction of our Celestial guide, philosopher, and friend, we "folded our tents, like the Arabs, and as silently stole away." Not, however, before I had found time to pay the schoolhouse a parting visit, and to receive from the little teacher a bunch of roses, violets, and mignonette, a slight pressure as I lingeringly held her little hand — in a good-bye grasp, and a half-averted tender glance from her bright, brown eyes, that sent me away with a full heart, and with a strong determination to come back some day for my little Olive. We tramped along all day, and, just as the sun was sinking behind the hills, we pitched our tent on a little rise, about a quarter of a mile from the river bank, and close to a spot from the indications of which Ahc thought would be likely to prove gold-bearing. It was a lovely place we had selected, with a charm of scenery which, tired as I was with carrying a heavy swag all that hot day, I couldn't help strolling out after tea to admire. The little hill we had built our tent on sloped gently down to the river, which, although somewhat low at that time of the year, still had sufficient water in it to cause a faint murmuring gurgle as it rippled over the numerous snags and huge boulders with which its bed was blocked. The opposite bank was a precipitous hill, which rose sheer from the channel's edge, and which was covered with tall, straight gum-trees, with a dense undergrowth of ferns, etc. Through the trees flitted bright, gaudy-plumaged parrots, the more sedate-hued minah and wattle-bird, the jay and the loud-screeched cockatoo, all making their way home at a decent hour, while the laughing- jackasses kept up a continuous ring of sarcastic mirth. As the sun went down, it lit up the trees on the top of the mount with a last lingering golden ray, as if loth to leave, and cast a halo round old Gin-Gin (as we afterwards christened it, from a bottle we found there), that flickered a moment, and then gave way to the grey shadows of night. About a half-mile further down the stream was a huge excavation, which had been made by the flood-waters of past years, but which was now thickly clothed from summit to bottom with sarsaparilla, wild daisies and pennyroyal, from which a strong perfume arose as I crushed it with my foot. Between this and the Moorabool lay a deep, silent pool in the rock, which was filled with little trout. Still farther down, the river took a sudden bend round old Gin-Gin, and was lost to view. As I strolled back to the tent, the wind went whispering through the trees with that peculiar prolonged sh-sh- sh bush people know so well, which sounds as if the forest inhabitants were softly communing one with another, and which deepens into a loud sorrowful wail on the approach of a storm. That night we all slept without rocking, and the next morning set out prospecting. Day after day went by without anything worth while turning up, and we began to despair, and, but for Ahc's manly courage in spiring us, would have thrown the whole thing up in disgust, and started for fresh fields. We certainly had another inducement to persevere, and that was furnished by our next door neighbour, who dwelt about five miles off. This was an old man, named Merrick, who had lived, mateless and solitary, at the head of the Moorabool for years. He had lost his wife many years before, but her memory, from the casual mention he made of her, seemed very dear to him. He worked his shallow claim entirely by himself, having rigged up a kind of apparatus by which he hauled his bucket to the surface, emptied it, and then lowered it again. There he lived, year in and year out, his only companions, like Robinson Crusoe, being his dog, his gun, and his Bible ; the latter not by any means the least used. He had been repeatedly warned that some day an accident would maim him, and he would die a horrible, lingering death. But his invariable reply was that be trusted in God to save him from "a death like that." (It was not till long after we left the Moora bool that we heard old Merrick was killed by a railway accident, on a trip to Ballarat. The irony of Fate! To live for years safely amidst danger, only to receive deadly injury from a railway train a few hours after quit ting his bush home. One night, when the calumet had gone round, a consultation was held outside the tent, on the thick, soft sward, at which old Merrick was present, and, yielding to his persuasion and advice, the next day we sunk a hole some distance from the old one on a fresh lead. At this we worked patiently through the hard ground till we bottomed at about fifteen feet. Donald and I had been told off to the puddling tab and cradle, and it was the result of our labours that caused the general jubilee recorded above. CHAPTER II. The tide of fortune had now turned dead in our favour. Hole after hole was bottomed with the same cheering result, and our chamois leather bag began to get bulky. We had determined to keep the gold cached in the tent, and not take it into any of the townships to sell, for we well knew that the news of our rich strike would soon spread, and we didn't know how far the run of gold might go, and at present we didn't wish for company. Merrick we were well aware could be trusted implicitly; indeed, at Ahc's suggestion, we had offered the old man a fifth share in our claim, as we felt that to him we owed our good luck. But he refused. "He was making quite enough," he said, "to keep him, as his wants were small." "No, thank you, boys," said the old man on being pressed ; "you are young, and will want it. I can have but a very short while longer to live, and have neither kith nor kin. to leave it to. Keep it all, my lads, keep it all. And may God bless your possession of it." And thus matters went on till about five days before Christmas week. We were to have a grand division on Christmas Eve. The day being very close, we had knocked off work, and I had taken the chance to walk across to the Creek to post my mates' letters, and to call at the school- house. Olive had just dismissed her little scholars, and was waiting for me on the threshold, with a glad, welcoming light in her bonnie brown eyes. As we strolled across the paddocks, I told her of the proposed division, and of the probable amount of my share, and asked her quietly and earnestly to be my wife on New Year's Day. She hesitated for a moment; then she turned her shy, sweet face to me, and the answer I read there was quite sufficient. When I walked home that bright, moonlit night, I had left a little coral-set ring behind me, and carried back a bunch of fragrant flowers for each of my mates, and a special posie for myself. After tea, I told the boys of my happiness, and asked them if they had any objection to having the division that night, as I was anxious to got to town to make some pur chases for my new home. They unanimously consented. The scales were brought out, and, amid much merri ment, each one's share was carefully and methodically weighed out by Donald, handed over, and politely acknowledged with cere monious gravity. After the pile had been divided, there still remained a trifling quantity in the bag, and, in an unlucky moment, Dave laughingly suggested that we play a game of poker for it. None of us were very great gamblers, and the cards had not been brought out for some time. We had been too busy during the day and too tired, at night to care to play. I was rather surprised, too, when Ahc said he knew the game. So many matches were counted out, and at it we went. Dave and I soon lost our supply, and, dropping out of the game, sat watching Donald and Ahc, who were playing with varying luck. On and on they played for a long time, first one getting down almost to his last counter, then the other, till at last both men began to get somewhat excited. The oolour rose in Donald's face, and his eyes sparkled, and even through Ahc's sallow skin a tinge of dusky red appeared. A feeling of uneasiness came over me as I watched both men grow more and more eager, and desperate gambling tales and wild scenes on the goldfields rushed to my recollection. I hinted that it was time for bed, but the players were too absorbed with their game to listen to me. I was sitting next to Donald, and as he took up his hand after a fresh deal of Ahc's, I felt him give a slight start, and then become quite still. Looking over his cards, I saw he had a full hand - three jacks and two sevens. I breathed a sigh of relief, for I said to myself the game was well over. At it they went, Donald continually raising Ahc, and the latter paying up till all the counters were gone. Then came a pause, when, to my intense surprise and dread, Donald suddenly drew out the bag containing his share of the gold, and grasping a quantity of it, placed it on the table, exclaiming: "Will, weigh that. I raise Ahc that much." I turned to Ahc with a forced smile, and to Dave, who was sitting next to him, and was still more horrified to find the former nervously clutching his own bag, and to hear Dave, who was holding his cards, exclaim excitedly, "Yes, Will, weigh it. We raise him as much more." For an instant I hardly knew what to do. Recovering myself a little, however, I made one last appeal to Donald and Ahc, imploring them to reflect what they were doing, and, for the first time since we had been mates, re ceived an angry reply. "Will you do as you're asked, or shall I have to do it myself?" came from Donald in a tone that showed the excitement he was labouring under, and evidenced only too plainly the hold the gambling demon had on him. "Quick, quick," repeatedly cried Ahc and Dave, both, and recognising the futility of arguing, with men in their condition, I mechanically weighed out the precious metal we had worked so hard for; each grain of which now, felt to my touch as a bar of iron. Again and again, did I have to repeat the weighing operation for the players, till at last even the once weighty bags were emptied, and Ahc and Dave - the latter showing as much excitement as if the gold at stake were his own — demanded "a sight." At this Donald gave a low laugh of triumph, and, casting down his cards, com menced to draw towards him the dish con taining the gold, only to be stopped by one of Ahc's strong hands, who, with the other, directed our attention to his cards, which now lay face upwards on the table. There they were - one, two, three, four deuces. All the colour fled from Donald's face as he looked at them, leaving him as white as a ghost, the pallor extending even to his lips. For a moment he sat as if turned to stone, then with a wild cry he jumped across the table, struck Ahc a violent blow on the face, snatched up a knife, and in another moment would have sheathed it in his mate's heart, but for Dave's arresting hand. Then his arm suddenly seemed paralysed. For an instant he held the knife in mid air, mechanically let it fall on the floor, and without another sign, or a single word, walked out of the tent, bareheaded and coat less, into the dark forest. The whole affair only occupied a few moments, and when Dave and I recovered ourselves sufficiently, we rushed out after him, leaving Ahc, now the reaction had set in, miserable and despondent, sitting at the card-strewn table, with his face buried in his hands. The night, which had been a very close and murky one, had grown dark with heavy clouds, which completely obscured the moon, and the storm that had been brewing all day gave signs of its near approach by vivid flashes of lightning, that lit up the sombre bush with a lurid glare, and by the low growl ing of the thunder. The echoes sounding weirdly among the ravines of old Gin-Gin and his hilly brethren. No trace of Donald could we find, and as the rain had begun to descend in large drops, and heaven's artillery open out with great force, we reluctantly and with sorrowful hearts gave up the quest and returned to the tent. When we turned into our bunks we left Ahc still sitting motionless at the table. All that night the storm raged, fiercely, and the rain came down in perfect sheets, pene trating even our well-thatched roof. And all that night I lay awake, thinking of poor Donald, lying unprotected, mayhap, from the tempest, under some tree, and accused my anxiety for my own happiness as being the primary cause of the quarrel. When the morning broke the rain was still pouring down, and as we looked through the grey mist towards the river, we could see that its channel was filled by an angry, roaring flood, that even then was almost bank high. As we stood at the threshold, Donald suddenly came towards us. Haggard, dripping wet, and barefooted,, he had evidently passed the night in the storm. He said nothing as he passed us, but walked quietly in and crouched down close to the fire. For a moment Ahc stood undecided, and then, bracing himself up, he walked to Donald's side, and, placing his hand on his shoulder, said, "Here, Donald ; take your gold. I no keep it. Take it, old mate ; we forget ourselves last night. Shake hands." The other man suddenly started to his feet, and, gazing wildly into the offerer's face, exclaimed, "Curse you ! What do you mean? Am I such a cur that I am to be pitied and offered charity by you; a cursed Chinaman, too. Keep the gold. You and I are mates no longer," and he sank back into his crouching position. Ahc made no reply to the insult, but took up his old position at the door, watching the rapidly rising river, which was now far over its banks. Suddenly he made a sharp exclamation, and on our turning to him for an explanation, he pointed to our shaft, which we had entirely forgotten. "We must bring up the windlass and tools, and the washdirt stacked there, before the flood reaches it," said Dave, and off we started, Donald among the number, the prospect of hard, dangerous work, having, apparently stirred him into life. Quick as we were, however, the water reached us before we got all the things away ; and in a second or two the hole was filled, and our tubs and cradles commenced to float down stream. One of the tubs went sailing past Donald, who was standing gazing moodily at the roaring volume of water rushing fiercely down, and he leaned slightly over as if endeavouring to reach it. I cried out to him that the ground he was standing on had been undermined by the water and was unsafe, but even before the sound of my voice could reach him, a great strip of the bank slid bodily into the river, carrying Donald with it. With a loud yell I directed the others at tention to the accident, and we all three rushed down the river bank. Once or twice we caught a sight of the drowning man's agonised despairing face, as he was borne along by the wild torrent, and we still kept running, with some faint hope of a rescue, till we reached the large cutting. Here there was a slight maelstrom, and as poor Donald floated by, he was caught by the edge of the pool, and a temporary stoppage occurred. In an instant, and before we could make a movement to stay him, Ahc, who had rapidly divested himself of most of his clothes, jumped into the stream, with a few powerful strokes caught Donald by the hair, and struck out for the projecting point we were standing on. Nearer and nearer he came, painfully toil ing with his burden, till, almost within our reach, he stopped as if to take breath - and that unlucky moment lost us our two mates. Just as he struck out again, a huge limb of a tree came rapidly floating down. I shouted frantically to warn Ahc of the danger, but he either did not hear me or could make no effort to save himself. One agonised moment, that seemed a year, and Ahc and the man he had given his own life to try to save were gone! Next day, the storm having abated, we went over to Dolly's Creek, and, accompanied, by some of the kind-hearted folk there, searched far down the river for the bodies of our two mates. These we found, clasped tightly together, in a fork of a tree that overhung the river, and which had been strong enough to resist the flood waters. We carried them back, and buried them, still clasped in each other's arms, on the side of old Gin-Gin, at the foot of a tall, towering, stately red-gum tree, and Dave, Olive and I were the only mourners. The last time my wife Olive and I visited the old place, now some years ago, the grave was scarcely recognisable from the accumu lation of withered leaves and springing wild plants. Dave and I had had a small stone placed at the grave's head, and the inscription was almost obliterated. Not that we needed anything to remind us of our old mates — either Pagan or Chris tian. I don't pretend to offer any opinion as to the future chances of the two in the great "Clearing-up Day." I only know that Dave and I felt, and still feel, that if in the "Great Gettin'-up Mornin'," we and ours pan out as well as old Ahc — Pagan though he was — we shall all find ourselves in good comfortable quarters. Bad as he is, the Devil may be abused, be falsely charged and causelessly accused, when men unwilling to be blamed alone, shift off their crimes on him which were their own. — Defoe. 