The Ghost of Geir Castle. BY X. "Y. Z. GEIR Castle (commenced my friend, in answer to my earnest solicitations for her Btory) was a quaint, rambling old place long in the possession of «tho family of tho Raymonds, of Geir. Through successive generations they had inhabited its strong walls. Built some throe or fonr centuries back, it seemed almost to defy decay. It was in deed still of such "wondrous strength that, by some of the peasantry of the surrounding country, it was more familiarly known as " The Portress of Goir." With the last of this branch of tho Raymonds I havo to do in tolling my story. Constance Raymond and I had boen old school f rionds. Wo had vowed the usual vows of school friendship, of unchanging remembrance and lovo each for the other. Wo kopt up for somo time after our^doparting' from tho old pension a pretty con stant correspondence. We detailed our several doings and feelings,, with manifold tender in quiries as to tho general,well-being of »the other. I will not say that our affection, in its real truth and sincerity, was altogether uncommon. Spito of the ofttimes transient fancy of ono schoolgirl for another, so easily for gotten, so lightly cast aside, girls are Bomotimos capable of a imo arid real regard for tho friends of their' early youth. Frequently unto« ard circumstances do more towards separat ing thom in after years than thoir own caprice. I believe that Constance and I loved each other with a real sisterly regard.. fI often sorrowed, when in my own Bimple quiet homo, I thought of the days that were gone. Tho bright face of Constanoo Raymond would offcon como to mo in droama, and I sighed when I awoke and remem bered how vory faint waa tho hope that we should moot again. Our houses lay far apart, and so did our paths in life. Her position, her pros pects, were widely different from my own, ns I knew full well. She 'was an only child, and motherless. I was an only daughter, but I was one of five of tho family, of a .struggling, needy country olergyman. I knew that for me fortune hold no such varied gifts .of wealth and happiness aa would fall to the share of Constance Raymond. Of happiness, I said, but I should rocall that word, for I was rich in the love of parents and brothers, Thoir tender care made mo happy. Our rustic parsonage was quiet and .homely, but I had many simple comforts and enjoyments. But as I have said, a far different fate, in all human pro bility, awaited the young heirass of Geir Castle. Years went by, and gradually communi ai cation coased botween us. I , thought with a if pang that a gayer,life and gayer friends had caused the remembrance of me to fade away entirely from her mind.. My mother, however, strove to console mo "with the hope that we yet might meet. She said, arid truly, that strange things happen in this world of ours ; that often an unexpected chance would bring about things which appeared most unlikely. I myself, as Btill timo passed on and I received no farther news of Constance, quite lost all.hopo of ever seeing her again. What then was my joy^ when one morning the post brought me a lotter in the well-known handwriting. Ifc ran as follows :- ' " My dear Graoe,-We have been travelling for some time abroad, and ' various circumstances have occurred to prevent my writing, but you have not boen forgotten, as you will see by this. I write those few lines in haste, to entreat of you to forgive my long silence, and to ask a great favour of you. Will you borne and spend a month with me at Geir Castle P Think what joy to bo once more together, like;old times.. I am changed sinoo those old timos, Gracie;'as you will find. I have much to tell you "when we .meet. Entreat of your dear mother, of whom you have so often told me, to allow your visit here. She need not fear for her dear, sober, little daughter j we shall not he . very. gay. We shall havo but one ball, darling, at which you must come in time to be present. Do not trouble, pray, or think of expense; as in; tho old days, Gracie, we will be as sisters. "Let me know when you can arrange to come. Could you conveniently make it Tuesday weekP Our ball oomee off on the Friday following. I hope you are well, and that there are no changes in your home. I cannot write more at length. Do not disappoint mo, dear friend, I beg. I have no sister, and have so often longed to seo you, that I might toll you of-But no, you shall have no news till your actual self is here. For tho present, then, good-bye. CONSTANCE RATMOND." Here was indeed an unexpected joy, an un looked for event. My eyes glistened with happy tears, and, deeply moved at Constance's unchanged affection towards me, I placed the letter in my mother's hands. I watched tho expression of her face as she read the contents. I longed for per mission to accept this welcome invitation, with all tho eager anxiety pf a young girl. A visit to Goir Castle and a niéoting with my long lost friend would realise my wildest dreams. My mother looked grave and thoughtful as she con cluded its perusal, and my patience waB sorely triod when she commenced reading it again. My heart beat in perturbation, as I waited to hear her first words. She looked up at length, half smil "Dear child," she said, "I know you much wish to accept this invitation, and I myself would like you to have so pleasant a change. Your father has'often said you had a very dull life, and wished he could give you moro advantages; but," and again the shadow of grave thoughtfulness appeared on my mother's face. I knew what it meant. She was pondering on that over recurring difficulty, want of means. "Are you quite sure, Grace, that you would feel comfortable in being so entirely dependent upon your friend ?" , asked my mother, after a pause. ' " There are your travelling expenses, and you will need many things during your stay at the castle. I cannot boar that you should lose so great'a pleasure as this for lack of some few additional shillings, and yet, my dear, wo ought not to spend any money on unnecessary things." "Momma,mamma," I interrupted,paasionately, aa I strove to drive back the starting tears, " I would not, could not, in the smallest degree, ta! from doar papa for this journey. I will not g mother. I must make up my mind that I cann yet visit Geir Castle." I strove to smile as added,"" I will write Constance a very long lett instead." "Nay, dear Grace," answered my mothc " We will not decide tho matter hastily. The: is no real reason that you should make this saci fice, if you love Constance sufficiently to acce] her kind offor, and can allow her to defray a your expenses. I but wished to remind you thi your obligations to your friend would bo burdoi some, did you not really love her well nigh as sister." I glanced at my mother's well worn gown, an then at my own rusty brown merino, and felt thi I should make but a poor appearance at tl Castle, did I not accept presents from Constano I lifted.'the letter from the table, and read agai those last words, "Donot trouble, pray, or think < expenses-as in the old days Gracie, wo will bo c sisters." Then came back tho memory of those old dayi I recalled the loving winning manner whic always accompanied her frequent aid. N wounded pride or mortified feelings ha ever come between us then, and wh should thoy arise now ? As I read the lines' c loving entreaty that I would go to her at once, eagerly turned towards my mother. " I feel that I must go, mamma. Constance' generosity will never humiliate me. She woul blame me, indeed, if through a fpeling of fais pride I could thus sacrifice the joy of our meeting If papa allows me, I will go. Constance ha wealth, I have none, but the knowledge that i is so, has never kept ns apart before, and wh should it now?" My mother's face brightened as she liai ened, and Bhe answered cheerfully, " I ai quite sure your father will willingly, gran his leave, my dear, and aa we have n time to lose, we will at once look over yon wardrobe. I shall miss you more than I ca tell, my daughter, and ßhall need the comfort c constant letters from you." "Dearest mother, I will write every week," replied, as I kissed her cheek. My father gav his consent, and my visit was finally arranged Everyday I thought of Constance; every night ! dreamed of her. At length the day of my depar ture came, and, amid tears and smiles, I startet for Gen* Castle. We met, my friend and I, but as I gazec into her sweet face, I felt she wai changed. At first all was glad excite ment and eager questioning on both sides, and il was not until we were seated in the elegantly furnished chamber allotted to ino, that we wert oalm enough to scan each other's appearance. Ol eourse, time had wrought some alteration in us both. But I must tell you of Constance. The dark blue' eyes were not so bright and mirthful as formerly ; and there was a dreamy tondernes« in their dark depths, which had nob been there in the old days. The slight childish figure had developed into the riper loveliness of the woman, Tho cheek was paler, the bright rosy flush oi youth and health formerly glowing there, was softened and subdued. But oh ! how beautiful, how beautiful sh» was.l How far moro lovely than then. I glanced almost shamefacedly to wards the large mirror in whioh our two figures were contrasted. My own rosy, healthful counten ance and plain braids of darkhair looked, tomyeyes, more commonplace than ever, while my somewhat plump, diminutive figure appeared almost awkward beside that vision of grace. She followed the iirection of my eyes, but no expressions of grati fied vanity passed across her sweet face as Bhe took my hand in her own. . "Dear Grace," she said, and as she spoke I noticed a mournful earnestness in : her voice, which struck me as strange, almost unnatural. "Dear Grace, you find me much changed in ap pearance, as I do you, since last wo met. In my letter I told you I was altered, but you must love me still j bear with me as heretofore. You, dear, are much improved. Nay, do not shake your head; you must believe mo that it is so. Ah! how nice it is to feel that I have you all to myself, and that this pleasure will last many weeks. I have always meant to ask you to Geir Castle, as soon as we returned, but papa's plans have been un settled, and our absence longer than wo at all expected. But now I wish to hear nil news con cerning yourself and family. You know the warm interest which I feel in all that is yours, so tell me everything without reserve." It is a pleasure to talk of those we love, when our hearers are sympathising and warm hearted, and Constance soon knew all the hopes and fears which had come and gone in my country home. So we remained Borne time, chattering on in girl like freedom, while I partook of the. refresh ment, which was very acceptable after my long journey. At length Constance rose, and laughing gaily, Bhe unfastened a wardrobe near. I could not suppress an exclamation of admiration, as my eye fell upon the elegant yet simple dresBOs it contained. Then taking a box from an upper shelf, Constance showed me tho contents. There wero trinkets and ornaments, protty and various enough, to satisfy the fancy of any young girl, leaving poor little me entirely out of tho question. " I did not think you would have time, dear," said she, plaoing the key in my hands, " to arrange about these things, so took the liberty of providing them myself. None here at the castle, save myself, have had anything to do "with this little matter. Remembering that in the old days my dresses fitted you, I had these made after a pattern of my own, allowing, however, for alterations. I will send Minna to you at once. Sho is quick at remedying any de ficiency, and will see in a moment what is needed. It is some two honrs yet before wo dine. I will tell her that you wore very hurried in your arrangements, and that these dresses require a littlo alteration. "After she has gone, mind you lie down and try to rest. You need not bo afraid to go to sleep, if you can, for Minna will como back to you when the dressing bell rings. I shall come myself and take a peep when you are dressed." I returned her proffered kiss, murmuring broke; thanks, and then she left me. After her depai turo, I glanced round the apartment with" it soveral (to mo) unaccustomed luxuries and com forts. Then I began to think over the variou events which had taken place during tho last fev hours. My longr journey, my first sight of thi grand old castle, my arrival there, and meetinj with my friend, all flitted before mein quick succès sion. At last, wearied with excitement, and th fatigue I had undergone, my eyes closed, and '. sank into slumber. A tap at the door arousee me, and the maid entered whom Constance ha( sent to arrange my dresses. The girl's quick ey< soon saw what was needed, and after respectfully asking me which dress I had chosen for my even ing toiletto, she took it away and I was agaii alone. Ï could now indulge my day dreams or my slumbers, according to my fancy, f ortho next hour I could not, however, again compose myself t< sloop, so sat down by my chamber window. I was a lovely prospeot I looked out upon. Th< bright August sun was just setting, and as, i faded away, it shot forth its las glorious rays over the rocky mountains which lay below the old castle of Gier The pretty village nestled^far down in tho valley My thoughts) soon centred themselves on Con stance. 1 mused on her rare beauty-her variée gifts of wealth and influence, and it seomed mo« like a dream than over that I should bo her chosei friend and an honoured guest in this her anoestra homo. At last I heard the deep- sounding boll which Constance had told mo would announce tho time for preparing for dinner. I started from my seat just as the maid Minna re appeared, bringing ¡ with her the dress ] had solected. She offered to assist me in tho arrangement of my heavy coils of dari hair. I assonted joyfully ; for, though I uBuallj contrived to confine it in smooth bondage for the day, it yet took up inore time than all the rest oi my dressing put together. My dear mother hac often reproved me for the petulant manner ii which I complained of its length and thickness, I passively allowed the girl to do her will, and: when my toilet was finished, she asked me to look in the glass. I glanced at the largo mirror, which reflected both our forms at full length. AB I die! so,T could not refrain from a startled exclamation of surprise A slight smile parted Minna's lips, "Ahl" she said," "you aro surprised, miss, but I can assure you this style is far more becom ing to your face, as I am sure every one must say. 'Eose is dressing my young lady's hair to-day, on purpose, Miss Raymond said, that I should have the first doing of yours. Still, if you don't like it, miss, of course I will do it over again, accord ing to directions." . I glanced hesitatingly at the reflection of myself in the large mirror. Could it indeed be the same unpretending, plain, Grace Morgan of a few hours back? I scarcely knew myself. How would my simple hearted, loving parents have been amazed at the metamorphosis ! I remembered that I should see Constance before j going down to dinner, and if she liked the change in my appearance, the matter would be settled. I obuld not decide myself. I dismissed Minna, and a few moments after tho light stop of Constance sounded through the lorridor, and she 'was soon standing by my side. She was dressed simply, but elegantly, and as she advanced to wards me, her face1 beampd with pleased smiles. She looked at my dress, my hair, and ns she did so, she nodded htr pretty head with n. gesture of satisfaction. How often I had seen her do it in the old school days, when I answered well on tho ox imination day. "Nothing can look hotter, dear," she 'said, passing her arm around my waist, and kissing mo affectionately, "and now that both our toilets are completed, and you are rested and re freshed, we will have a cozy little chat together before dinner." "* ? She drew mo towards tho open window. Con stance paused a moment beforo she again spoke,, and a slight colour rose on her cheek. She seemed about to make a revelation, and yet to feel a little embarrassment in doing so. At length she said, " You may remember that I hinted in my letter to you of something I longed to tell you, but postponed it until wo met. At times I have almost determined to writo to you. Once I actually oomraenced a letter, but laid my pen asidi before I had written hálf- a-dozen linus. I felt it would be but a poor satisfaction to write to you on the subject nearest my heart. I wanted to sec you, Grace. I think, too, I was a little selfish in my newly-found hap piness. Tho days passed by so swiftly, and so, pleasantly, that, j hardly realised tho lapse of time. And yet, dear, in all my joy, I longecl-oh ! so yearningly-for some loved woruan friend like ! you, to whom I could speak unreservedly of niy heart's deepest feelings. I wanted to tell you my hopes and fears bf-of-him." I started involuntarily, and turned towards hor. Her dark, expressive eyes were beaming through happy tears. " Yes, dear," bhe said, in answer to my ques tioning glance, "of him. I will now tell you my news, for I see I have aroused all your feminine curiosity. Next spring, Grace, I am to be mar ried to one whom I love, whom I havo loved with my whole heart, through long years. Wish me joy, dearest, for he is all that you could wish. You will see him to-day, as also papa. I long for you to see my dear father. Do you remember how often we used to talk together of him and Geir Castle? You think how happy I must be; and so I am, Grace-more so than I can tell you ; but at times a presentiment comes over me that it is too great to last. You, a clergyman's daughter, will, of course, call this a superstitious fancy; but I cannot drive it from me. I am so singularly blessed in all things, and now most of all in this richest blessing of his love, that I feel afraid I am too happy for this world-I that am so undeserv ing." My own tears of emotion had arisen as I listened to her words. Then she was betrothed-this, my ono, best-loved friend -and soon to be wedded. I had found my old companion of long ago but to lose her again. Constance Raymond would soon be (to me) but as a bright dream of the past. lu the new ties she was about to form, she would be moro irrevocably lost to mo than heretofore. But I strove to banish those selfish thoughts, and dashed tho tears away. "What is his name?" I falteringly whis pered. " Eric-Eric Bryan," she answered. " Denr Gracie, do not look so sad. You must like him for my sake. All respect and like him who once know him." "May you indeed be happy, Constance," I ejaculated, gazing into her lovoly countenance with girlish admiration and affection. " No wonder that he loves you, so good, so beautiful. And if you aro prosperous and happy, darling, you need not be afraid it is too much, for you deserve it all. You do indeed," I repeated, as Constance shook her head. Sho leaned forward in her chair, and resting her arm on the window ledge, gazed out dreamily upon the rocky chasm beneath. A shadow of pénsivo thoughtfulness stolo over her features. " Ah ! Grace," she sighed, '" with him I could hot faiL of being happy, but" " But, what, dear Constance ?" I said, anxiously. She rose hastily, ^laughing gaily. But there was something in her look and air, which, for tho second time, struck me as strange, and a feeling of anxiety began to steal over me. " Only my silly fancies, dear," sho said, as wo prepared to quit tho room together. " I am going to try and vanquish thom* and you must help me. I feel that your presence hero will do me much good. I have moro to tell you by-and- by, and you muBtbo severe, Grace, and scold me well, when you seo me giving way to gloomy thoughts." I turned a half frightened look of |inqairy upon her. She then resumed her usual gentle tender ness of manner, and I endeavoured to dispel tho . uneasy feeling which had been stealing over me. Ah 1 those first dàys at"tho old Castl« of Geir, how bright they were! How.. peacefully happy seemed Constance-how blessed "in, the sunshine of her smiles her happy lover ! He was all that I could wish-all that Constance had foretold. Half wonderingly I, too, thought of her unclouded sky of human happiness, on.Vhich nipt one dark shadow or 'marring lino seemed to rest. When I . contrasted the fate of Constanco Ray mond with others,^ I half / questioned in my heart why in this world such apparently strange inequality of >. gifts Bhould be. I rejoiced in tho exceeding happiness of the friend I loved PO well, but, still it was a mystery tome, thia seemingly total ; exemption from all thoao troubles which flesh io heir to. But I checked these unworthy thoughts as soon as they arose. Par, for yet might the dark shadow lie from one so young, so good, and fair-far, far the storm and tempest. Then there came into my mind the comforting text, "As thy day, so shall thy strength bo "-»md had it not been veri fied in the case» of myself and those dear to meP Were not my parents cheerful and patient, though they were beset by doily cares and difficulties ? Were they not hopeful and trusting amid nil their poverty and self-denial ? And, for myself, I was young and strong, and it was but seldom that anxiety saddened my young heart. And if it had been otherwise-if my life had been one long trial, could I wish for one moment that Constance should suffer becauso I Buffered ; that another's lot should be darkened .by. envious wishes or thoughts of mino ? Waa I not, in one respect at least, more blessed than she ? Por did I not pos sess the treasure of a mother's love-a mother's shielding influence ? St» ousting from nie HO soon as they arose, thoseunwort hy comparisons between the fato of my friend and that of myself or others, the first few days 'at Geir Castle passed moBt happily. ' When alone together, Constanco talked to me of Eric-of hor happy future. That vague shadowy something, which on the first day of my arrival I had marked in her manner, was forgotten by me now. Tho dawning fear and ap prehension which Iliad felt: stealing upon me,had passed away. It had been dispersed by Constanco herself, for not once had she since spoken other wise than in tho "most glowing terms of her engagement with Eric, and her happy future. It was now the eve of the' approaching ball, nt which she had wished me to be present. Tho , preparations, however, had' not been completed just the way in which Constanco had intended, 'and Mr. Raymond, who regarded her lightest wish, Roid ifc should bo postponed. It was there fore! arranged that tho ball should ..tuko place on tho Tuesday af tor my arrival nt tho Castle, mid 1 not on the Friday, as first, intended. This thon was the Monday evening previous to the long thonght-of day. Constance^vas seated with mo in my own appartiu en t. i mattering merrily of the approaching . festivities Thus talking, the gathering shadow» . of evening stole in upon us unperceived. Suddenly, Con stance looked from my chamber viudow. down upon the rocky slopes beneath. She y.nzed for a moment, then drew, back hastily with on agitated gesture, closed tho window, and turüed away. , "Why, it is getting quite dark," she said, with an abruptness of speech and manner unlike herself. "Boyou know, Gracie, I love this view from your window botter than any other in the castle, and yet I cannot bear to occupy the room myself. In the day-light and bright Bunshine, I love to look down there, and at the scenery beyond. At night, at evening, when it is doubly beautiful, I cannot bear it It causes in mo a. feeling of . dread, of fear, for which I cannot account. This is one of those silly fancies which hove troubled me of late, of which I spoke. Foolish, indeed, you will say. I-I-you must think this weakness very absurd, extraordinary, Grace, but " She sank on a chair beside me, covered her face with her hands, and, to. my surprise and alarm, burst into tears. .... "Constance, dear, dear Constance," I said, "I am grieved to see you so agitated. Come from this room to your own-roome away, if you do not like tho view, the plaoe." She rose, and together we quitted my room for her own-chamber, which almost adjoined mine. Then she glanced towards me, with the traces of tears yet xipon her cheeks. Her face looked pale and altered. " Dear Grace," she said, " you must think me strange-cruel indeed-to have asked you to occupy, unknowingly, a room which has for my self, or others, any unpleasant associations. But ifc is not so. By all-ovoryono-is that room liked. It is considered to be the most cheerful, the most pleasant, sleeping apartment the castle contains. It was mino as a child, and I loved it dearly.^ Of late years a most unaccountable prejudice has seized me. I lovo the room - haunt it - like to be in it con tinually, but towards evening, or at night, without tho slightest cause for such emotion, I tremble I weep. I oannot bear to look out from that window at the view beyond-the rocky depths beneath. Dear Grace, forgive me, but I thought if you occupied the room and were happy in it, and I often sat thoro with you, it would help me to overcomo.this weakness. Believe me, however, that had there over been oven a report of anything unpleasant connected with it, for no selfish motive of mine should you have been placed there-and now I have told you all, do you still think you would like to remain there ? Only say tho' word, doar, and you shall have your choice of half-a-dozen others. I had hoped, during this week of your being here, this ridicu lous fancy was gone. But to-night, once more the melancholy, tho dread presentiment of some evil or misfortune has como over me. Toll me, toll me, dear, that it is nervousness-something wrong in my health, but don't let this horror stay with me, Gracie j help me to drive it from me." " Constance's pleading tones had such a touching ring of sadness in them that they went straight to my heartland my eyos filled with tears. I was overwhelmed with, surprise, and with sorrow. I was, myself, singularly free from all fanciful fears or superstitious notions. I knew no morbid apprehension, and, I did not wish to chango my beautiful, cheerful apartment for any other. It was, as Constance had said, the most delightful bedroom in the bastió. I was greatly shocked, however, to see my bright, light-hearted - Con stance tho victim of so strange a fancy. I rea soned with her, and endeavoured to show her how wrong it was thus to make a trouble of a fancy, when all the realities around her were so happy. The dear girl Bmiled as she listened, and aided my efforts to calm'her, by talking of the approaching ball, and the kind interest taken in it by her father. There waB one thing, however, to which she would not agree. I had tried to persuade her to let me speak to Mr. Eaymond about her fits of depression, as I felt quite sure in my own mind that thoy proceeded from some derangement of her health. " No, Grace," she said; "to neither my father or Eric can I speak of these unaccountable fancies and forebodings. It would but distress them unnecessarily, as I am sure that, with your help, I shall be able to overcome them. If you will allow me I will go to your room each evening, and together we will look from that window, and, as we do so, you shall reason with me, tiU my Billy mood passes." She sighed heavily, and turned the conversa tion to other topics. We both , strove to be gay and cheerful, but a shadow had come over us, and each felt that the other's efforts were forced. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 