ONLY. ;.:Only.apin; yetit clamly.lay. On thetufted floorin the light of da : ': S; ndit shone serendy fair and bright, :..Reflecting back the?noonday light. Only a boy; yet he saw that pin, And his face assumed' that 'fiendish grin; -He stopped for a while,.'with:look intent. Till he and the pin alike were bent. Only a chair; but upon its seat A'well-bent pin found safe retreat; Nor had the keenest eye discerned That Heavenward its poiit was turned. Onlya man; but he chanced to drop Upopn the chair, when fiz-bang pop -a' e lepied like a cork from out a bottle, ".vAAidiopeiied wide his valve to throttle. Only a yell; though an honest one, It lacked the clement of fun; And boy and man, and pin and chair, : In ild c ionfion mind there . A. i:OGerman clergyman, who "was travelling, stopped at an inn much frequented by wags and jokers. The host, not being used to having a clergy man at his table, looked at him with .aurprise. The guests used all their artillery of wit upon him without elicit ing a remark. The clergyman ate his dinner quietly, apparently without ob serving the gibes and sneers of his \---eighbours. One of them at last, in -. despair of his forbearance, said to him : 1" "Well, I wonder at your patience. Have you not heard all that has been said to you "' " Oh, yes: but I am used to it. Do you know who I am 1" ".:No sir." " Well, I will inform you. I am Chaplain of a lunatic asylum. Such remarks have no. effect upon me." Custom compels an Icelander to kiss .'every, woman he meets. This accounts for the absence of well travelled roads in that country, and the existence of trials and "short cut" through the woods. An old lady seeing a sign ever the door of an umbrella shop, ' Umbrellas , e-covered,' went in and told the shop .,::man that she would like to have him recover the one that was stolen from her the week previous. Some singers at a concert were some what startled the other. evening by find :iig that the selection" When wearied wretches sink to sleep," had been "'printed-on the programme. " When nmi'.; arried wretches," etc. S" y dear fellow," said an old mem om :f Congress to a new one, " You :?work tob hard on your speeches; I Often prepare one in half an hour, and think nothing of it." " And that's just what everybody else thinks of it," was the reply. A ZULUi WEDDIxaG The weddingi .was at a kraal aboiut two miles from the camp.: Slial'I'eivýe forget'that drive, as we jolteld ove stones_ antd "shaved" anthills, and bumlped in anmid out of'the holes, the mules all the time going at full gallop, till wo ;expected, the' cart would turn ovcr with' us :every nmo ment' .;. Aa?w ii~eiroachea thekraal; our mrs ??were greeted by the shrieks, ve]ls, and howls of the wedding party;. and, on surmounting a ridge of ground, we came upon a company,-all in " full fig," practising one.of tleir daices. The men wore airge plu esof bla:k feathers,. which covered their h1:ids' tiuil& hlung: down over their shoulders. They had shields covered with cow.:hide, and car ried sticks, which they brandished iii a very warlike manner. They were con tinually in motion,.stmmpiug, grunting, and shouting, and at last fell into a kind of procession, which moved on to~wards, the kraal, dancing all the wray. Every now and then some warrior more than usually ýexc ted:- vould buirst frmin the' tlnks, and bound, with a high-stepping action, several yards in advance; IHe would then stop, and with queer antics and- strange gyrations would go through' the motions of killi igihis hantagonists,. continuing them amidst the plaudits of his companions till they caught him up, when he would fall in, only to be suc ceedcd by an excited .rival, eager to equal if iot: out-do'him. " The !two sisters of the bride, elegantly attired in a few rows of grcen, hite,. and pink beads, accompanied this jovial crew, shrieking and rncing about as if pos sessed. The father of the bride jwas there too, distinguishable fiom the other .braves". by the extra, lcnth or his 'ail of featheris,'whic hilng frrom thi top of his head and reached all downi his' back. As this interesting comlnany proceeded they were met by women in: pairs all dressed (1) alike in the same charming si'mplcity, .who ranto a eet ,them, screaminr g at he th',of their ivoices, and riaking a imost' tremulous, shrill noise, which reminded mi of. "neighing" than anything else. These fell into the ranks, as did a large com pany of young girls and children, who all rushed to meet the "procession, Yell ing as loud us they couldt and appearing quite mad with excitement. The whole body then advanced at a majestic isort of pace, all taking one step forward at' the saine moment, raising their shields, giving a stapli anid a"yele, ajd so oin till they got to a sort of parade ground in front of the kraal, where they drew up in a line two or three feet deep, and continued the stamping and shouting, wavin gof arms,. positioning, and all the otlier manticv'res; aciomipany inl thcemsfeve by a song, S which consisted in the perpstual reiteratlin or three liotes: in a minor key,. I have ascertained that this tune is the same which is used by them on all similar oc casions. . The bride, surrounded by. a whole bevy:of sisters and sympathising friends, knelt on a mat facing ithe dancers, and held a shield and a knife in her hand. Her dress consisted of beads arranged with great taste; and' her hair was elaborately got uip with thlle.brass- wire and, palm oil of the period. But what' entertaiined us the most was the bla??, contemptuous expression of the countenance, which was evimdntly the' ligliest, ode for Kaflir brides to assurie.'-rIn Tents in the Transtiaal, by Mrs. lutchinson. novel reading as some of the ablest judges who ever adorned the Benbhi have been, they may remember to liave read in Charles. Reade's'" "«Jick of all Trades" (a' story which; ,we believe;, was strictly founded on fact) a very bad character of the fmilligrown elephafit; as " the cunningest, most treacherous, andiblood-thirsty beast that ever played thle butcher among- mankind."' - Baby elephants, however, appear to possess more genial dispositions. A Baby elephant under-` terl years Gold-they grow till they are forty-three, and live to 100 or 150--uay even be induced to. appear as ,a i?,itness -in the court; of justice, and submit to cross-examination without losing his temper " T21'urnian v. Bertram auld oberts, heard before. Pollock, B., and a jury on July 18, is:a case injin t:.,it The1iaction was brough' by a young lady to recover damages fori personal injuries received through the alleged negligence of the. defendaits' servants;. She had. gone in a. waggon cite to, the ;Alexandra .Palace,;where the Nubian: encampmienit, with camels, elephants, etc., was then attracting crowds , and at: the co;iclu?ion["of. Ihe' performance a certain quadruped,I to wit, a:baby-elephanit, came out-with his' keeper andfrightened the plaintifstpony The pony bolted; an'd the plaintiff was thrown, out of the.,waggonette,,.and fractured heri eollar bone. Mr. Salter, fbr "theidefendce,- inimated,?!that the elepianth hl iiselfhad n obj'ection to get into the witness-box;. and Baron Pollock observed, obiter, that if it was sovery desinbbld the court should improve .the; occasion. :The baby accordingly walked in with the bells on his head. and thliended: his way tlihomuhi ihe "ma'zef:of Cthe 'law"-in i'thi body of i. crowded .court,; without so much as crushing a Q.C. or munching two or three junior. Mr. Edwyn Jones, for plaintiff, had no' questieiis to ask: An arrangement was cometo., A 'juor" was withdrawn. Arid Pollock, B., held that this happy ending .was highly proper, as the elephant had come to offer his apology in person. Scene-A Bavarian court. The judge orders the court officer to send in the next witness. _ A moment later a man enters and advances to the bench. The judge asks, " What's your name?". "Jacob Larch." " How old are you 4" " I don't know what that has to do here, your honour." " Answer me at once. How old are you " "Thirty tnhree years." "Are you a Catholic or aLutheran ?" "But your honour-- " "Quick, sir, or I'll put you on bread and water !" " Oh, well, then," re signedly, "I'm a Lutheran I" "Are you in any way related to the prisoners?" -pointing to the three ruflians in the dock. "I related to them !"-indig nantly. "What is yourEIonour think ingjabout." Amidstthunderovslaughter and under strenuous protest from the witness the judge administers the oath. Jacob swears to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, and is then asked what he has to tell. " To tell you that the venison the colonel expected yesterday has arrived, your Honour, and to present my mas ter's compliments and ask you to join. him at dinner. I got to your house. too late to find you, and came to look for you here." Mrs. Partington says that just before the late war circumstances were seen round the moon nightly, shooting- stars perambulated the earth, the desk of the sun was covered with black spots of ink, and comics swept the horizon with their operatic tales. Everydody said that it profligated war, and sure enough war did come. IliThe i'ch'urofwirde6s'of 'as church in Englaud- bei~n?g disgusted with the penuriousness af a rich peer, who, siice c the collection began, to be taken up in a bag insitead of a plate, contributed nothing biut coppers, resolved to shame him into liberality.: They cut a slit'in the bottom of the bag andpassed it first to his lordship, whose bronzo penny fell with a resounding clasl .on thebfloor,' plain to be seen of all men. :Next:day: his: lordship 'took: all his:prayer-bboks. and cushions lom.e, and desertedi the :churchfoi, good and all. - . Wien a lady" by' _accident;, discovers that h:ber'. iphtodgrapher hias put her liiclturein his slow case, she goes iome and makes. a terrible time of it bnt, dods'?'t'oder it to , e taken out. r SCould the ghost' of Ge6org IIT; I ha? beenipermitted to ibehlold ir': of his; great-grandsons and one of his grandsons' standiig.round the coffin of a grand nephew ,of the " Corsican ipstairt, " the dismal :hilitoi' might mbst.dismally ,havegroaned. : :' TiE'MANiER i AD .CUSTOMS O THE iTiAsvAiu,'130EERS.-From' t-what was told us, the customs of theso'good peo pie would' sem dto lie tlhe iist'primitiove possible, and they? are. so. peifectly6 ac custbmed to travelling about in wagons, wihh whole faimilies crowded togetherb6 la "Noah's` Ask, tha'tthe'utmost fredoim and sociability .obtains: au'd the idea that it would be possible to intrude at any time upon the privacy of a guest, could no more be knocked into their, heads than it couild into that;of Pail Tryj.. It irws m.ost ,laughable tol hear0 the description of the sufferings of atsihy felloiv-traeclletr -,hio was uniacqiuainted ;With tlhe;;customs 'of theBTas, h under te too 'polite attentions of' his1 hosts .-,those io ofr '-the. ',lovely :young Boeresses'esipecially.:The qu ritOo tal;fashio6ifof washig tlle ',feet of; the gnest bwhlich lie -was required to sumit to in one Dutch farmhouse, almost' annihilated the irc dest selilpossession.of :thsispoor gelitlesiea hii' hlis ci nfusion: was increased by: thi attentions 'which' the dau8ihters of the hiouse insisted on showing him when the moment arrived for retiring for the niglit. -'Bdt tho ex tremest limit of his powers of endiirance was overpassed when; next morning, be fore lie had risen: from his bed, two. o three beautiful damsels :atrolled; care lesslys itit his: room, their toilettes:in various stages: of incompletehess, and began:io arrange thei hliair 'in front of the. only piece of; looking-glass" vhich L:iippened to'be in tlle house. 't this sliecthcle, the guest is said to have been perfectly paralysed by acoqmplete agony .of shyness, and when an opportunity arrived, h li deo his" escape i.fron the too hospitable house, and, insisted on remaining pardsuin the waggoni during the remainder of the visit.: From what we can gather fromn other soudrces, :it 'would seem thatthe liabits of the'Boers appeai, to the very great: disadvantage when contrasted with those 'of the sci?pulonsly clean 'dd ('?y ?compiarison) sefined Zulu Kaffirs.; With thIe excep: tioii of thl;e reception ream; and; perhaps; the muest room; dirt of :the 'most re voltig' desciiption' is todhlt to'fdorm the niost salient feathre of a Dutch. farm in the Transvaal; and,. from personal; eir perience, I can testify tliat isn many in-. stamncs thel abits of the inmaites ire a fit match for the. untidiness aind hor rible filthy state of these establishments.. flu anis-: w the rnsuZ, bjfltrS UMMEL, THE CONCEITE -I have a sort of valet and .factothm, an excellent, respectable servant, whcse spelling is;so uninvited by nonphonetic superfluities that he writes night as nit. One day, looking "over his accounts; I said to him jocosely, "You :are in the latest fashion wvith-your spelling, Pin ,i mel.: Most people'spellt night' with a gh between'the i and t, butthe greatest .schohirs iinow spell'it as you do." So I suppos.ei, sir,": says Pumnmel ;" I've seen iftwith a pi but Na noways give into that miyself." ,You would :never catch Pumel in anminterjectioiidof sur 'prise. :i Iha'e'somiietimes, laid'trii s for his. astonishment, .but ;;he has escaped tlheii all,'eiher by a respectful neu trality, as of one who would not: ippear :to tiakeiotice that his master bad beeho takin"g todisuch wine, or. else y.tht strong persuasion of his all.knowingness which..makes 'it simply impossible for ,him to feel himself newly-informed! IIf I tell limi that 'the world is, spinning round and along like a top, and that1he is spinning with it; :he 'says, "Yes, I ha ve heard ad eat of that in: my ytimei si:," aiidlifts thie hlorizontal lines of his brow a little h her, balancing his head from side to side'as if it wereltoo parin fully full :Whether I tell him '?tt tiey cook pupplies inm China that ther are ducks with fur coats in Australia)or. tat in some pacts of Itheworld it is l pink:of politeniess to-' put yeour 4oo out, on introduction; to a -,cespecta e stanger, Pummelieplies, Solsuppce; sir,..." with: an air-of; resignation to hbar iing: my; poor version' 'f;jbell-kno v thin , suich ais elders use in lstenin to lvely .boys'lately ipresented. -with rns anecdote book.. His utmost concession is that what you state is what he would have 'supplied if you hsid given 'him cartel- blanche instead of your needless instruction, and in this sensehis favour ite answer is, "I should say." "Pum mel," I observed, a little irritated at not getting my coffee, "if you .were to carry your. kettle and spirits of wine up, a mountain of a morning, your water would boil there sooner." "I should say, sir." Or, "there are boiling springs in Iceland. Better go to Ice land." " That's what I've been think ing, sir." I have taken to asking him hard questions, and, as I expected, he never admits his own inability to answer them without representing it as common to the hman race. " What is the cause of the tides, Pummel " " Well, sir, nobody rightly knows. Many gives their opinion, but if I was to give mine it 'ud be different." But while he is never surprised himself he is constantly imagining situations of surprise for others. His own conscious ness isthat of one so thoroughly soaked in knowledge that further absorption is impossible; but his neighbours' appear to him to be in the state of thirsty sponges which it is a charity to be. sprinkle. His great interest in think ing of foreigners is that they must be surprised at what they see in England and especially at the beef. He is often occupied with the surprise Adam must have felt at the sight of the assembled animals-"for he was not like us, sir, used from a b'y to Wombell's shows." He is fond of discoursing to the lad who acts as shoeblack and general sub altern, and I have overheard him saying to that small upstart, with some se= verity, " Now don't you pretend to know, because the more you pretend the more I see your ignirance,"-a lucidity on his part which has confirmed my im pression that the thoroughly self-satis fied person is the only one fully to ap preciate the' charm 'of humility" in others. - Impressions of :T/eoprastus Suc.. ' i1iss'Emily Faithftil (in her London Express) receitly 'desciibed a Christmas card received by a young lady artist, noted for her extreme views: Whero are you going to, my pretty maid ?" "I am going to lecture, Sir," she said. " And whatis the subject, my pretty maid ?', "The total extinction of man,' she sid.: "Then nobody'll marry you, my: pretty :maid?" " Advanced women don't marry, good Sir,", she said._,. Old Joe Wattles claims to be one: of. the survivors of the American Revolu tiohnry ari and possesses` 'gun which lie :sys, did ec'ellent set?iie for "Uncle .Sam in years past. It was his delglit to ;show this ncient;' weapon 'to his fcieiids,: and ''recounit'the' numerous daring deeds' which it': einabled him to perform. ". One daywhen Joe was exhli biting his gun before an attentive crowd, and speakking' of'"the 'conflicts :through' liinch it iand he had'i passed, Sam i ckles a shrewd listener, elbow6ed lhis Iway Ito the front,!saying he wanted to'" look at that. 'erae gun;' Samni:tolokit''in his, haiid andi pretded to admueit, but, said the stock .ilookedveryinew. forls a Reivolutionary guin i ,5.eiWoll;: e?ll? l the: old stock. was: b'adly` worn . so 'I'h ad a noWv one miiiadelIBnt' u Samii, thought pect. ," Never mind,'.' said Joe, alittle riled, .' liud a'new barrell ' iphi?n, the old oiie wisoworn." Bit;' remarked Sain, '«I: think :ithe lock- :' Oh, never you mind about the? lock, said Joe '; that's' new too. But :you neednt:miake :do inmuch fu?ss' ahiot 'so sniill I;'atter. ..The fat' s, there's inothing leftof: the rcl ,old gun 'except thetouch-hole. '' 