ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE ARCHDEACON'S LECTURE. To the Editor of tin Hamiltva Spectator. Sir, — During a business visit to Hamilton yiicnLy j-jurual liic V«a. ArchduacM!) jniu»' address uu cduca-. i ii>u, and so exceedingly amused wai- 1 at its admis- uniis, absurd incvnsLtcu'.iti, illoricii reasoning, and ami-CstbDlfc tentmr,Tbaf 1 met impelled. although a Htranger, ttb'osk yuurfciml itennissiu fo make a few . cuirfmaftfeln the n£xt issue oT the Spectator." fn alluding to the luiucatioD Act, Mr. Innes save that the boast of the system is£iMfit5siqareiy#ecafc,aafi; that the Protestant churches are propitiated to stand ' by and halp-yhp newymeasuDe (mark this admission), u|>oq4he jundeistanBing that uo obstacle would be thrown in the Way oij.relq.'ious L-otkicaiioo. In the nainu of comffiou sensc,"how could ihe'fcystem be" purely secular if religious .teaching could be imparled J Did the Catholic Cburrjh'MIow jto. beoo amus- ingly hoodwinked i \So"; ebe at "once protested 1 against the Act, and declared the secular system, as 'devoid, cofild not afimft ahy religious education "from-ibc fail thai tbfe dataenfoiy principle ,of Secu larism is anti-Christian. Another of the constantly- recurring evidences that the Catholic Church is not a hireling church,' and to which Air. Innes himself again beats vtfdroee Sis i when he asserts that the Catholic Church is thundering against sjtate Education, fur the Pope knows full well, aud we — It. the Prutes- \- taut Churches — ought to know — a pitiable .admission ! that the school-house is the key of the position. Of . what position-? 1 ar$ie;-rtbe proper place to instruct children in Christian dcngrme, 1 say, and. so does Mr. Iuucs', inferential', that all honor thedls due to the Catholic Church aJoiie for refusing to give up this precious i>ostion. Again, Br. biues jays, the 'Catholic Cluirph requires alisojuic cumltuI uver education and uiarnagc (true, tu iar as her uvVn flock ip concerned), 'thetiroijtttitJraons/whjth'iie'-althefouitaon of- human s«xaety, are proofs tlmt its.'fcneijy/isanjtyet uiwOCQ; ,As J understand Christiaiiity, it, in addition Wnnuy other mundane blessings cuiil erred upon jhe . church the power and nectassilj- to mould society into those -eminently' Christian "practices,- the -duties of religious teaching for the young and the rigid obserr- \- nnnB «f the inviolable jsawnirY ol marriage. Mr. IUnes ' "condopns the,CaUiutic ChUfdi for iiec energetic efforts to mould society into these Christian principles. Ia&- Oeft, justified by Mr. times' oun admiseions, that, the ntyiir- Church has nobly done, is doing, and win continue .to do her duty as a Christian church. Consideration for your valuable space, Mr. Editor, - compds-me-to passover mam- other txf Mr.-Innes glaring inconsistencies and absurd reasonings, bin. in regard to Lis undinetian attack by impiiiaripn iqxm -fihl CaflioKc d«gy4 31 briefly remark ilis untrue thai they" wistrto ifip their fingers into thipockets 'of the Slatf. 1 trill Tali Mr. Innes what U true, that.; the Catholic CurdVhrough her ministers, tells thfe '! whole Christian world that secular eduraMnfcthe certain road to universal infideiitv, and further, 1 wiU infoijn Mr. lnucs that Victonan CathoUcs, cleric and I lay, are determined to have equitable justice deatt out I to them, and nothing more. In regard to this educa- I tion question, let Mr. lunes controvert their right to do I If he can, cd lulling- himself into an anti- I 'Catholic frenzy, when be conjures up ghosts, and then like & child, sets frifrfctcnml at them. A BALIAARAT CATHOLIC LAYMAN. P.S.— 1 see by this morning's papers The ntestapt ehnmhfts ba.\\-A to be liwdwinKCd bV the State, and to my surprise, tlia.1 l)r. Moorliouse himself hma voluntarily submitted to the oj>eration. AUgUSl 