LAUNCESTON , EXAMINE fR. a IP? UBLISIED DAILY.1 a. "=E-DEN jfDAY ,AUGUST 27,1870." .t ALEftcA.:c T!uouMPo, deserve( thanks i. fortho way in- which he introducedd-the e su.4ct f a railway to Mo6dntBliaehoff to I the MuuieIpaol Oolncil. All will admit Sthat, per re, the railway in qucetion would be desirable; but a railway cannot hb constructed without money, and the coat may exceed the advantages to be derived. SThese have first ibe ascortained. To construct a railway _through worthless country, merely- to `unite Launceston o with Mount Tisechoff, would boe ab esurd, because in thel nature of things the mineral would in time ] though probably the period is remote r become exhausted, and there would ?e j nothing for the time to conmes. The same . apFlies to timber which, if of good d quality, and made easily available, would r in a few years be removed. But if there is a large extent of good land that can be s cultivated profitably, there would be a v perennial source of wealth, and whilst it f was being developed, the minerals and timber would keep the line fully em ployed. If only 50,000 acres of land, suitable for agriculture, should be opened up, the area now devoted to wheat might be doubled,vieldingat least a million bushels beyond what is usually gathered at present. But in truth a very muoch larger scope of country would be tapped, including the whole of the western portion of the island, which is now practic ally unapproachable from the sea. That at least ono-fifth of the entire elrfaco of the colony would be rendered easily ac censible. Moreover, as the line would run at the back of the present settled districta, fromn 20 to 30 miles from the North Coast, new laud might be taken up along its course with the advantage of having to transport produce only a short distance either to the railway or the coast. These are sonic of the advantages to be derived from such a railway, atnd the next ques tion is, what will it cost to construct I Thit can be dotermined only by actual survey. Opinions oar, much divided on the subject, but nsoom who know the locality thoroughly are quito natislied that no formidablo obstacles would hbo erllouln. tored, and that the dillicultics of which so much have been heard are mythical, auid intended to serve as purpose, ai ghost and goblin stories have been illvelteu d to scare inquisitive clhildhoo,l from f,rbidden sports. The question of route will de pend oil thi nature of the country, amid the resolution passed by the Municipal Council on Monday wisely abstains from V imposing any restrictions 0on the .? I .executive in this epct. Let the: est wroutel be sleted--hat ira the ona calculated to confer the greatest good on the greatest onumber and I_ v it wll meet with general appro Ie hatever othe route emay bet hoywe ert and the railway itself should be of the most wel inexpensive kind possible. A low rate of an speed wold be sufficient, and bridges a and viaducts might in pthe first ~io- a stance be constructed chiefly of timbei w', ma in America, and when they have to be ear replace, iii drabl iiterial cantbe ?obstituted. n w Bsui i axsa states that "for ways that are dark, and tricks that are ramn, p the heathen Chidee is peculiar," but we think the ways of some of our police and ha Justices of the Peace in out of the way country places are also vary peculiar, and pr an instanceof this came under our notice € n the other day.. We, are informed that wi five Chinamen, resident on the tin mines Stf Upper man were arrited, not Ssummoned, but arreisted, for gambling, e and were mached thirty tiles to-eorge's Bayin handcuffs, ad on ?aeing brought of iefore the Police Courat St. Helen's , T; were remandedl on -the charge,; s l ting ? , rfasic Because the ffenders are China- a men is no reason thsy shouldbe itreated as felons, for what atmost i only a mis demeanour. Wundierntand Mr lR,. B. Miller has been engaged for the defence, d t and he wifll no doubtfeach` the ifngis- t, tr~e a-tSt. hcelen's something ouf that justice they are supposed to administer. \- Conso not orn T Sown a Siveyor take a iuaful hint fron the manner in which old water mains ' are cleanediin Melbourne an its esuburbs,.nwhere theiy appear tea get over" the ground much quimcer than as heen done in launceaton ; TheDrlely Ten leraphaof 20th insta. ayse Yesterday h, the work of cleansing theGiin main fromh Bell-streetCoburg, to the southen bouhn dary of Brunswick, was commenced under the supervision of Mr W, Carivale, pith a gang of ninemern. e This main has been I n laid down for the past twenty-one years, and conuiderable interest was evinced by ?niumber of residents tocseeto what orx tent the pipes were incrustated. Niel feet of the main was speedily taken out, and the observers expressed their as Stonishment at the small aperture left in the main for reticulation purposes, only 2in'clear possage existing. This impedi ment was, in a few moments, cleared, tihe "incrustation formed on the pipe bein,, mit clean away by the impnilement used, which is a very simple contrivance, and may be described as an enlarged gun seal cutter, attached by short triangle rods of iron to rods of tubular galvatnied mron screwed tigethor, lift in length. These extend 6 ciains each way, and by making the opening in the centre, 12 chains are speedily cleansed. In a foil day's work -twenty-four chains ere made as entirely free from any impediments to the couire ot the water as when first laid donr , and tr very littn, inconvenience is experienced by residehtaw owing t, the short time occt pied in the cleaxrsig operation. The filth that exuded from the pipes on being opened astonished the onlookers, and net although the general remnark was that the ho iron ruat was not detrimental to health, the remaining indications of vegetable aindeither substances did not meet witlh approval. Alreadyi tie districts of Emerald e Hill, Fitzroy, and the greater portion -f al Collingwod have been benefited in u having the water mnins- thoroughly "cleansed, and the advantages of greater ad. pressure and purer water appreciated. he'manner in which Mr Carlisle works eim= hfs samll eanes is vmr.-n ,,,,,iie.i, ,:,,o open t e ground relieved by the men If, working the rods than they proceed to make a fresh opening, and by the time end this is completed the I,ipes are cleansed, rejoined, and they oetgrt to cover in, 