DjaBAELi'fl BAIUÍT > REÓBBTS.-It acorns a little odd that Dit£aeU¿:~ how. so famous and; : oocupyihg a position so oxaltcd, should havo ?written '.. this : passage .'inhis earner days: " Mind is a fine'tiling, I won't deny it ; and raino was once ' as .full ai prido, and hope as an.infont empire^ , But whcro| aro now my. doods and oBprrations, and whero tho fame X ; dreamed of when a bbyP I find tho world just slipping through my fingers, and cannot e]asprtho jewel ns it fnils. Ï . quit an earth \vhorb 'nono' will over miss mo, snvo those whoso blood requiros.no laurels tb malte thom lovo my memory. My Ufo hus boon a Hun.- . der "una a blank, and all ends by my adding1 ' ono maro sUght' ghost to tho shadowy realm of fatal precocity." . -Vi - - THEY have a Methuselah in Baltimore, ono .V : WilliifSn Soott, familiarly known as " Ünole j BUly," a coloured man, who is olaimed tahara lived 140 years. ; A citizen hos made affidavit that ho has known: " Uncle BiUy" for fifty' yours;.thot "William thon boro.tho.samo'ap-,-;, pooranoo as now ; that the dopohont's father, who hud boon nursed byj William, gave? tho, V" dato of tho latter's birth- 1720. ir " Uncle -; BiUy!? might passfor-a mah of eovéñty. ¿Ho' * .has had six "hoad'.'. of children-that is, six* * diiforont families of ohildron, oxnctly -how: .:. many ho doesn't remember. He was a body v" , sorvant to Lord Howe during tho Eoyolutióh, ' , went to England with him, and was servant -v to un English officer at tho bnttlo of. Water- ' '?: loo. - . . -: ? . ElTECTS OF JEOOD Ul'ON THE BOKES.-rr- '.,;. Experiments made by Lehmann upon young animals Bhowed that food containing' an insufflaient amount of phosphates not only affects tho formation of tho skeleton, but has an essential influenco upon its separate parts. A young pig was fed 126.da.ys upon potatoes alone, and it had; as a result o£ ? this insufiicient1 fqod; raciftifu (riokets, or softening of tho bone), 'Other pigs» from tho.samo litter, fed upon potatoes, loached out moat, meal, and additional phosphates, .-. for the same length of time, had a normal Bkoleton: ' ' Yet oven in those animals there was a difference, according to tho kind of Iphosphato added. ' Two that woro fod on . phosphate of potash had porous bones, specifically lightor' than tho others, which wero fed upon phosphate and carbonato of ':?>. -Scientific American, 