THE TERRIBLE 1881. The Record Union, 7th March, says :— Professor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Institute last night upon the very interesting sub ject of " The Planetary Conjunction of 1881." The prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds of ill omen, who, backed by the recent appear ance of the plague, have predicted the most awful state of affairs to be inaugu rated in 1881, and to continue till 1887, during which fearful epidemics shall pre vail, crime multiply, the elements con tinue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, the earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all waters become poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and ruin in all the earth. Lately in this State a so-called Professor has issued a book in which he has prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the fore going recited, and a hundred other wbe3 fall upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881. Pro fessor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magic lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Somehow the forward out look is never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look to pivotal events in nature, such as the com pletion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to involve great crises in human i affairs. The remarkable planetary apposi tion of the yearl8811iasespeciallyappealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently-published pamphlet entitled " The Voice of the Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1880 and 1887, includ ing the annihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans fram the plague ; terrible storms, earth quakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's " Pyramid Religion," and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substantially agreeing that— The world to an end shall come InlSSl. He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, al though the publisher - of the " Shipton Almanac" lias openly confessed that he added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this superstition and non sense ? The lecturer presented Prof. Dc larue's theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary con junctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. Ha then exhibited a diagram, show ing the position of the planets, 31st Oct., 1881; Ml the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect of the planets will not occur for many thousand years. If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be manifested. Nevertheless, the planets aro enormously distant. Their attractive force varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly con ceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the foretold disasters. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between the sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in times between such conjunctions and at mospheric disturbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Prof. Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer :—. " H. B. Norton.—Dear sir—Your note of enquiry is received. I answer briefly, as follows :—First—Your enclosed dia gram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second—It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer their perihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third—There is no good reason for expecting remarkable disturb ances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarne thought that, he had discovered a relation between them and sun spots, but latest researches fail to substantiate the theeiy. Scientific astro nomers consider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose.— Yours, very truly, Charles A. Young." Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said: " We are justified in conclud ine that science has thuB far given us no definite reason for expecting the great tribulation. Nevertheless, if public ex citement shall cause men to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives,' we may be thankful for the " voice from the tombs," uttered by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful forecast attributed to Mother Shipton." 