MR. GLIDSTONB; (;MB.'.GLADSTONE, . it appears, is about ? to take, a holiday in Italy. It must be confessed that this great man has fairly .j earned a season of, repose. His, exer tions during,.the past twelvemonth .must - have more . .than equalled the labours of a Cabinet Minister. His criticisms in Parliament, and in the Prase, and from .the stump, of the Con servative Government, have .shown a degree of activity that cannot bo un ? interruptedly maintained; and'his most recent production bears uninistakeable . signs of the need of a period in which to recuperate. His attack on the Govern ment in the August number of the Ninc ^ teentk Qenliirg seems to have been penned .whilst suffering from extreme fatigue of inind temporarily' overcome by a still more eitreme eiditemeht of the irascible emotion; An angrier efiuBion has seldom appeared from one who has held .the highest merely political post in the realm and who may be called upon to 'hold- it again. The. BEACONSFIELD Government, Mr. GLADSTONE asserts, took office without a single serious difficulty to confront them, either at . home or abroad." The Administration to-day is " weighted with Buch cares as never have been known. to the. experi ence of the laBt half-century." - The implication here is that- if Mr. GLADSTONE himself had continued in office there would be no cares now upon the Administration; and it is not easy to combat tbe contention. Mr. GLAD STOKE showed a decided disposi tion when in power to avoid everything distantly related to a care. European politics . he' abandoned to BISMABCK and GomsciiAKOFP and ANDBASSY. He claimed nothing from anybody,and if Anybody claimed anything from him he .settled the matter- by. arbitration. He certainly succeeded in . maintaining a good balance in the Exchequer. But how ? By closing-up dockyards, putting ships but of commission, aud reducing regiments to ghosts. Ten years longer under his regime, and England' would have ranked with Holland. Every one of. the difficulties with which tbe present Government have had, or now have, to contend-except of course the commer "cialdepresBion,which not even Mr. GLAD STONE attributes to BEACONSFIELD sins -may be traced to the laches of the previous Administration. Ever the Zulu "War is an inheritance from Mr. GLADSTONE'S pusillanimous and psalm-singing policy. If Sir BENJAMIN PINE instead of Bishop COLENSO had been listened to, the South African troubles would have been nipped in the bud. But no, that would have involved the employment of a few rifles and cartridges, and of that the great Liberal has a horror, partly because it is wroug to shoot any human beings except Turks, but mostly becauso it costs money and thus affects the Budget. . Having laid down the general pro position that the Government on entering office found no cares await ing them, yet are now well-nigh inextricably involved in difficulties, Mr. GLADSTONE proceeds to support this by an appeal to Bpecial cases, lie condomns the'policy of the Cabinot at all points. 5fhe despatch of Indian troops to Malta |yhon war with liussia was imminent, particularly raises his iro. The snuc Ijon of Parliament ought, ho insists, to J have been obtained as a condition pre cedent to this measure. If the doctrine of the law officers, that tbe Executive lias the constitutional pawer to transport native soldiers from India to fight for the Queen, then. W f RS ".< \- . . , -? oujiDSTo^E t Inn Kb me first measure of the new.Parlia mept ought to-be to vote monuments of civil honour to StjiaMOIID, to LAUD, to FititEB, and to Sacuevehel, who have found- allowance being made for tbe difference of the times -such apt pupils in the Ministers of the day, and in their Attorney-General." There surely is some confusion of ideas herei Mr. (3'LABs'fONl: may make due allowance " for the difference of the times," but does he reckon with the dif ference of the objecto, between the mea sure ill question and tbe measures of the historical personages he enumerates ? If the Queen's Government had brought a score o(f i?atiye regimentstoEngland with the object of subverting ,the civil rights of the people he could hardly hold lab giiilge more severely. condemnatory! "fet the Indian troops were to be used, if used at all, against tbe national enemies. There is no genuine difference between sending Sepoys against Afghans : and against Russians; and a war . with Russia in Europe would have had primarily the same object in view as the Afghan war-namely, the protec tion of India. Whether looked at from an English or from an Indian point of view,-therefore, the intention to employ, these troops against Russia, if diplo | rnacy failed to prevent the outbreak of hostilities, is perfectly justifiable; Then Mr. GLADSTONE bitterly complains that ; " not an inch has been added to free soil through our agency," whilst " the despot of Eussia" may boast that .he has liberated many millions of Christians 'from. Turkish misrule. It is said that the Russian soldiers >yho have returned, home from Bulgaria are startled at the un fortunate condition of their fellow countrymen as compared with the condition of the Bulgarian peasantry. Turkish misrule, in fact, is vastly superior from the point of view of liberty than Russian rule, and this fact is beginning to be acknowledged by mil lions of the Czar's own subjects. But it is in his attack on the Government for their acquisition and administration of Cyprus, that Mr. GLADSTONE lets go ab solutely the bridle of his wrath and in dulges in a mad gallop of denunciation. According to him British rule in that island is infinitely worse than even the Turkish rule which he so thoroughly detests. ' The most heated Turkopho bists have been forced to declare his observations to be grossly exaggerated. This curious politician ironically ex presses a hopo that Lord BEACOjrsrrELD and his colleagues may be " purged by some mysterious regeneration and made ready, to eat their words, reverse their habits, renounce what they had worshipped, and worship what they had renounced." In other words he desires ~ the Conservative leaders to imitate himself. The fox who lost his tail was very anxious to impress all other foxes with the belief that they would be much more comfort able without their dorsal appendages. Similarly, Mr. GLADSTONE, who through out his whole career has been contin ually eating his own words, reversing bis .habits, renouncing what he bad worshipped, and worshipping what ho had renounced, would like his fellows to believe that this is the proper course always to pursue. Beginning his political career as a thoroughgoing Tory, he is now the most energetic opponent of the modified Toryism which is called Conservatism. Formerly the advocate of an absurdly close connec tion between Church and State, ho not only retracted his opinions, but passed a bill to dissolve nil connection botwoen the Church aud State in Ireland, and is now the hopo of the Disestablishists in Great Britain. From coquetting with tho Roman Catholic hierarchy one year, he bounded into anathematising Roman Catholicism in every shape and form the noxt. Once a determined foe of Russia, he has become her warmest and most active friond. In short, the only thing in which ho has been thoroughly consistent is in inconsis tency. Of course nobody blames him for chancing his mind; what he is blamed for is for abusing those who do not change with him. If he woro a man of loss ability, a man of less powor in tho laud, his changos of front and tho noise he Makes in the process would &xcite; little remark. It is to be hoped that his trip to Italy will do him good. 