Tiieee can.'; be do doubt that . thp I general policy of the Government is anything but pleasing to the people, or applicable to the present S^af? of the colony.. It! is idle to deny that Queensland lion passed through a tryins financial ordeal. . The people have fcuDV-red in proportion with other populations - throughout the world. Every country has been visited by Hjerrjintile depression and polilical dis organisation, wnich.may be attributed to the failure of crop, over-production in manufacture, rec-kleBB speculation v. ith surplus capital, and the centralisa tion ul capital in channels where rapidity' of er, bangs hns not been felt amongst pypulaiions and trade generally. : Such a state of industrial and banking chaos like that existing for tlie laiit three years was 'bound to extend into tho realtnn . of po'iticn, and materially affect colonial ex chequers.! The Australian colonies are all young tendrils of the mother country, and if a financial crisis exists in Queensland it. i# felt by tho least taw'h, like the hand on the sensitive plant. The recuperative powers of each colony are great, and generally strong enough to tide governments out of dark looking difiicultirR. A great deal depends upon the ability and statesmanship of our eohnjiul legislators and public men. If. they are impartial in mind, honest in purpose, patriotic in principle, thorough ly understand, the limes in which they live, and hay« an ordinary amount of political- information aiid intelli gence, colonies are likely to be pros pfruus, hut where personal seKiiliniss ond ambition is uppermost, where responsible government sinks into auti-, tempi uoiib personal government, and where:-!' wealth accumulates and men decay,' colonies as well as European ? kingdoms loose their national vitality and. fall into a state of lifeless ex j&lencc;,': So long as Queensland has ?» hardy- preservering aud intelligent population so !o;ig a» her forests are to bo thai ie/1, and her pastures to le leased ; so long as In-r internal _ rc EJUrcos are- uijrriad aud promioing iu number, vre have no fear of the colony in which! we live, and iiiove, dyine p.i-;inaturejly. After a close review of the causes that led to the present crisis, and a stuHy into those circnm stances that are now influencing the politics of . the colony in its adminis trative asrect, we arrive at a conclusion that the financial or political situation i« not so; bad as it. seems, and that the Government of to- day have raised a crv for retrenchment that is neither sincere nor fairly warranted. The Ministry have failed to comprehend what should be the' t rue policy of- the future. There has -jeen a want of statesmanship on ther part, deceptive as well as surpri sing totheir best friends. Asthey advance in legislation they fnil to carry the people of thelcolony with them. Their measures are too much ''clothed in ohsc'uritv; bot sufficient I of the McTlwrnith-Palmer policy has been developed during the last three; wepks to make all true colon ists and j supporters of the Ministry waver in; affording further confidence and respect. .We see plainly before us thatf thej construction, of the Great Westei-n and Gulf line of railway must not be placed in the hands of the pre sent, administration, who are simply, the mouthpieces of capitalists and selfish political adventurers. Everything must be sacrificed for this scheme, quoted in the H-uise as — . \- ' This one mnsfor pofsioii of tho. breast, '- l.ilic Anron-a serpent, swallows oil tho rest.'- The railway policy of the Government, is no transmogrified dream now. It is clear as tho sparkling waters of. Port Darwin and the Gulf. Capitalists see n grand investment- for their. money in' Austr.diati trunk lines, and if they -can get colonial Governments to go in for overland- -railways, the monopoly ; and acqnisrtion-of the pnhlic estate, and the profits out of the cost of construction will be great. 'As Anthony Trqllope savs. 'Ton want to go to Heaven; all at. once' in Australia, and the 'Carpentaria rnihVvt scheme is one ,wny by .which capitalislB may reach it; The, country is actually .railed -upon to construct a gigantic railway ' through the fertile— ^ but as yet never-never country— with- out a proper legislative scheme ofsettle m9nt, immigration and. alienation of the lands; being propounded and intro duced into Parliament. No wonder that the 'prople , doubt and suspect the honour of the Government jn the defini tion of its general railway policy. The people cannot take the ipse dixit of any Government upon this. question without the poliiiy, - the whole policy,' and nothing but the general policy, is laid before -Parliament. It is madness- to legislate in the dark and make a danger ous plunge into bold schemes of 'the hidden future. The Ministerial railway policy\nust be blocked ; a change . of Government is even necessary to save the public estate. At any rate Parlia ment! shojnld defeat the Government at once,; in - order, that its financial, local government and railway policy Bhould be further tested by an ; appeal to the cuntrv, j and that before any expendi ture takes place upon the three schemes. The -more the political situation - is looked into with an impartial mind the greater appears to be the colonial im portance, responsibility and gravity of the political situation, engendered by the Queen-street party, and endangered, hy the M ullwraith ' Government. . The Premier's policy of- to-day is not his policy as set forth from the' late general slection platforms. It haB gradually changed from hope and brightness into the hands of back door monopolists and capitalists. That door influence in the palace of parliamentary justice must be shut. The Government must legislate with measures for the common weal, and not pander. to the tastes of the vulgar rich. Queensland, unfortunn telyi is in the hands of adventurers. It is all the same what party iB in power : onr statesmen do not rise above .suspi cion, mediocrity, lucid administration or good government. - We have lately seen a strong Government go to the wall, and we are afraid that another, one must be dispensed with. But where are the next set of Ministers to come from, worthy of the public confidence ond esteem ? , No Premier ever entered office with so much confidence as did the VIcIlwraith in January last, but that confidence has fled, ' like the last, rose of Bummer.' Affairs hay? reached such a height that there is no cure for the present corruption, but to appeal to the'5vii/fry, and take the verdict of the people' again upon the leading momen tous questions of the day. T E Estimates for the year ending Jnne, 1880, are now before us. We have only time to review in this issue those items pertaining to the district. With the exception of the police and public works departments retrench ment is a farce, and it would have been more judicious not to have dis charged a few civil servants. But retrenchment is a good word- to de ceive the public with. There is no change in the judicial offices, but we hear that the establishment at Bowen has been reduced, and that the Bloomsbury native police station may be changed further north. Dr. Mc Uurney only, receives £80 for doing the duties of Health and Medicai officer. The Hospital this year is granted the sum of £400, and £100 for tlio\ Relief Board. Tbo School of Arts received £500 last year, blit tho column i» blank this year. However, the School of Arts is entitled to its usual grant for nil that, according to law. Such retrenchment does not apply to this district. No elinngo has taken place in the local Customs. Mr. .Lyons has never' yet received any compensation for the Iosb of certain emoluments shortly after ho arrivpd here. Tho late Government placed him in a false position, and this ofiicor was at a personal loss under tho circum slance-'. It is very hard, indeed, for civil servants to lose money by the vagaries of any Government _Two Inspectors of Distillerfes have been dismissed, but wo cannot say io what ! - j . I district. We regret very much that no additional salary lias been given to the ]iilot boatmen, who only re ceive £96 per year. This is a glaring injustice, and we trust Mr. Amhufat will make a good fight on their behalf in Committee, and, at least, obtain for them tbe 2*. per diem, susteritatiion | money, as pilot boatmen have on other Northern rivers.1: The cost of living is greater here 'than in Townsville or Cooktown. The . Queen's -Park reserve is | .ut down for £150 this year. We note a conspicuous inconsistency under the head of Polynesian immigration. An - Inspector at Maryborough receives £480 a year, whilst at Mackay more' work is. done : by an Iuspector, for £106i per year. The Estimates show what monies . will be appropriated for roads and bridges for the ensuing year have not yet 'appeared, nor do we .think- they will appear under the head of loan appropriation nor out of the consolidated revenue. The Divisional Boards are expected to deal with these matters, hut it will be twelve months before the boards will be in true, legislative order; and the question* at present is, where is the current revenue going to? and how -are 'local roads to be maintained ? 6 It ia idle to ask ifor a Shire Council, or expect the roads to be maintained by 'the Government under the -present Act, until we see the fate of the Divisional Boards Bill, how in. Committee. As yet, nothing is known how local roads are to be kept: in' repair. The hnns. S. W. Griffith, . J, ' Douglas, C.; S. . Mein, J. B. Dickson; and Messrs. J. Fa Garrick, : P. McLean and ' J. F. Buckla\l, have ; become members of a new organisation 'called' 'The Queens land Liberal Association.' The- objects, as set i forth in'*' a printed' circular .; we (Courier) have seen,' are: — *?To see to the duo enrollment of all members entitled to a i vote in their respective electorates to assist | jn tho formation of blanches of the association : in all portions of the- colouy, and to take all ! legitimate steps to advance the Liberal inter ? est in -Parliament ; to bring forward Liberal i candidates, and, if necessary, to render pecu niary aid at elections ; to undertake the prose cution for personation, or aoy misdemeanor at elections, and to defray, the expenses of prosecution ; and to assist generally in all Parliamentary .elections with the view to pro ; mote, Liberal interests.' I A general Committee meeting of the A. P. I and M.' Association will he held in, the Royal ' Hotel, to- morrow:(Thursflay) afternoon. ? ? TO-MORKOW evening the Stewards of the Mackay Turt. £lub will meet in Tatter sail's Hotel, at half-past seven o'clock,, after which, a general meeting of the members of i the Club will be held, for the consideration of ! financial and other general business. CflDSHJNG-began upon the Inverness estate last Thursday. The growth of cane upon this plantation has been highly satisfactory. The canes that have matured to great perfec tion there this year are the Caledonian, or big yellow, Otamatie, Rose Bamboo, Black Java, on forest land, and Meera, upon scrub, land.. The density of the cane now passing through tbe rollers is 10° Beaume. Consider able improvements have been made in the fac tory since the close of last season, particularly iu the battery, the claritiers and granulating pans. We' failed to perceive the slightest : disease amongst the canes iu the cultivation j paddocks, even the mnch despised old stoles I of Bourbon were, the thickest in the barrel and tallest in height compared with other varieties. The appearance of this . plantation is very satisfactory, and reflects mnch credit upou the manager, Mr. A. Bell. The i first suirar centrifugaled is a bright yellow colour and' of a good marketable grain. ? .A- service of song will be given in the Presbyterian Church on Friday next, at half past seven p.m. The object of these musi cal Tecreatious is to instruct the yonth in a high' standard of music, applied in a semi oratoricat method to religious subjects, 1 and also for the laudable purpose of providing' an instructive aod appreciative entertainment for the people. These musical series have helped residents of small localities to wile away' two hours of a wintry evening in social har mony and in a pleasant and successful mauner. 'Bnnyan's Holy War' is the- first of -the series, and we hope to find a good attendance ou . Friday evening, were it only to encourage the choir for the time and labour expended , in getting these services . up. Mr.. Kingsford deserves thanks for procuring and introducing the music into the district. ' Mr. Aarft&^pi^we are glad to hear, has been successful in obtaining from the Govern ment a grant of £200, being the amount of this year's subsidy, on account of»the A. P. and M. Association. The Association ; will, therefore, not be debarred , from, holding its Auuual Show in August next. When the Premier announced his intention to abolish all votes to such , institutions, for the purpose of retrenchment, we doubted whether he could do so, considering tbe Act in force authorising such money grants had not been repealed. The. Secretary of the Association having been successful in collecting subscriptions, we tru»t that the general public will give the best possible support towards such a great, usoful and progressive object. ' Intending exhibitors should not forget to look over the prize sche dule and prepare their exhibits, io order that the resources and industries of the district may be well represented, and make the annual exhibition pass over with the moat.gratifying success. X Commonion service was held last Sunday (St.. Peter's Day) in tho Church of Englaud, the Rector officiating. Tho pro-Church was well filled at both the morning and eveuiug services, and the choir was ably assisted by Miss Carandioi and Miss. Melville, In tho morning the Te Deum was sung with pleasing effect. Miss Melville's playing at both ser* vices was gracofnl and artistic. In the oven ing Miss Carandini lod tho anthem — 'As pants the heart for cooliug streams'— with tnuch sweetness and softness of voice, and was efficiently supported by the members of the choir. The offertories during tho day amounted to the sain of £13, which has been handed over to the Church building fund. It sounds passing strange that the member for Bowen should movo such a great resolution in tbo Assembly, having for its aim tbe 'great divide' of the! colony into two separate colonies, at a time when he is supporting the -present Government, in its financial districts and local government schemos, whioh have tbo reputation of healing all the ills and injustices of thu North. We know that Mr. Bcor is not a delegate in the House, bub in making such a motion bo simply performs his duty as a faithful representative. Bowen has always boon the head quarters of Separation, pure and indivisible, in the North for mauy year.s past. Hucb au event would not he frunght with much good generally, astheroara many varied and conflicting interests to legis late upou that any ehaugitft present would be playing tho uu«atisfautofy game of six and Imif'A'dnzoo, resulting in nbthing. Separation is a matter that should, therefore, bo shelved, if it is possible that large districts or division! of the colony can bo governed by divisional boards with practical success and political harinnhy. But we have more faith in 'local government, under a united Australian Feder ated Parliament tbau under the Parliament of Queensland. Tho present plan of local government has a strong tendency to douhlo taxation, as there is to be a gonurul revenue of indirect taxation, and a direct taxation at the option of the local boards. Some districts, if local taxation reaches the- height every year of two shillings, per _ acre, would prove oppressive in some instances, especially in dis tricts where live stock have suffered by drought— where farmers have a long road to carry their produce to market, and where mining industry has been subject to severe I fioctnation. Divisional hoards, whose members j represent the taxpayer, will think twice 1 before they levy special rates for public works. The. toads npon the North Side are in a rough state to begin the carting season with. It can hardly be said that selectors ot land in this district have growled much about roads, or their present. condition would be improved. A large incraase of cost must be added on to the production of sugar, and many formers beyond Inverness are debarred from growing maize and potatoes because of the bad roads leading into . town. It is idle to expect im .migrants to settle upon the land if the Govern mentVail to make good roads to and from market; or the place of shipping. Several residents around Shoal Point inform ns that some improvements have recently been made upon the roads on the North Side, but the money lately obtained from the Government,' through the services of Mr. Amhurst, M.L.A., has unfortunately been spent, upon roads seldonv used by dray traffic, whilst the most frequented roads have been neglected. If this information is correct, the matter is to be deplored, as we had hopes that the misexpen diture of public money upon roads was a thing of the past. The District Inspector of Roads should use his best discretion in the repair of roads, with as mnoh consideration and regard for the outside selector as the suburban one. The neglect of roads is a sub ject that is sure to raise the ire of all settlers, and too much stady.cannot be devoted to the wants of our country readers in this respcct. Astateraentof how the present money available is being spent would not be without interest to onr readers and residents in the hush. Last Monday eveniHg the Carandioi Opera tic and Ballad Company brought their series of excellent entertainments te a close. Those who favoured the Company with their patron age cannot but say they enjoyed a musical treat (jK^sery high order. The vocal ability of ;Madame .Carandini and her talented daugh ter was much admired throughout the concert on Saturday evening. The former charmed the audience with her brilliant melodious singing and rich powerful voice, as fresh and vigorous as of old. Miss Marie is possessed of a sweet, silvery and pathetic soprano voice, and her services in the programme were keenly re lished and highly appreciated. Her operatic acting ih several pieces was easy, yet digni fied — artistic, yet natural. Miss Carandini will yet gain great lanrels with her voice, when it -becomes more developed. She has evid ently received a' superior musical education, which has not been thrown away npon her, and we shall always look forward to her future professional career with considerable interest. Nor must we forget to recognise the bighlytgifted and artistic powers -of Miss Clara Melvili^ the piauiste. This lady's playing npon the pianoforte was superb, neat,! refined and captivatiug, and several experts amongst the. audience testified to her clever fingerology, by their geimino applause at the end of each solo and operatic selection. Mr. Sberwin .that evening rendered. efficient service by his wonderful versatility in hif^ingingand acting, which, as usual, contributed much to the suc cess of the entertainment last Saturday evening. On Monda^evening Madame Caran dinin though suffering from a cold she took part in c- I know a Bank,' 'Sainted Mother' and 'The Violet' with much impressiveness, delicacy and refinement. Miss Marie, singing in her operatio duets with Mr. Sherwin, from the 'Grand Duchess' and La Perichole' was marked with taste and vivacity. Her rendition of 'Never More' 'It was a Dream,' ' Corisiraa,' 'I cannot mind ray Wheel ' was free from embarrassment, full of tenderness and pathos, and showed a voice capable alike of sympathetic expression and brilliant executiou, which ensured the special recall of the artist Miss. Melville played the last night with her accustomed success, and f i equent rounds of applause from the audience. The next time the Carandini's visit Mackay we hope they will be better patronised. Wk are informed on authority that the meeting of the Mackay Masonio Lodge, to have been held this evening, is postponed till Wed nesday, the 9th instant. By the Sarah ' Cooper, schooner,' we note that some additional machinery arrived for Messrs. Hewitt and Co., of Pleystowe Planta tion, in the shape of a Wetzell boiling pan. The sugar industry still keeps making. head- way, and there are no better indications of its prosperity than .the fact that the planters are steadily increasing the machinery in their respective factories. The crop upon Pleystowe this year is magnificent, and crushing began I yesterday morning. I We regret to state that Meiers' road party I was discharged last Monday and Carroll s party last Saturday, and it is also rumoured I that the seryiccs of Mr. ' Mackenzie will be dispensed with — and this when the Estimates are about to bo passed and the cartage season about to commence ! If this is sound govern ment, away with it ' . ( Tub State School of the district adjourned for tbe mid- winter, holidays last Friday,' for a week. The immigrants per Scottish Lassie are nearly all engaged, and we hope they have all fonna employment by this time. A School of Arts Committee Meeting will be held to- morrow (Thursday) afternoon, at 2.30 p.m., in the Council Chambers. We have to welcome the arrival of the Rev. Mr. Gaustad, Lutheran Clergyman, by tbo Southern mail steamer, yesterday morning. His mission is to consult with: tbe members of tbe Lutheran Church in this district with the view to establish a Church and congrega tion. The adherents of the church . number over three hundred, and as the reverend gentleman is well known in West Moreton for his zealous and faithful religions duties, we have no doubt he will be able to form a Lutheran Church and remain in the district : Last Saturday two more drays laden with pig copper arrived in town from Mount Orange. The copper has been properly bagged, and we believe the Taufahau will take about thirteen tons of the metal to Sydney. Two more teams with pig copper will arrive from the mine during the week. Brisbane resports state that ' Samples of tho new white sugar are coming to hand, and sell readily at £34 to £34 10a. for the best A largo quantity of cane was blown down in tbo neighbourhood of Doughboy on Tuesday, but if the frosts only keep off for a while, no great damage will be dono. 1344 mats rations wero offored at Mr. A. Martin's auction room during the wook, but we believo little, if .any, i -of it was sold, though a parool of the same was afterwards negotiated at £20, for a fair ration sugar.' Rcspeoting tho sugar pros* pects upon the Mary River We aro infor med by a gentloman just from the Mary, was np to 9?. This is unprecedented, wo boiiovc. iu tbo colony for tho middle of Juno, and bids moro than fair for a moat satisfactory sugar season. Yengarie a)ao ia contemplating an early start for the soason. If this is corroot there must ho a large area of ripe cane in tho distriot, and crushing must go* on aotivoly, fur it takos a large quantity of juico I to keep tho great faatory of Yengario going. I The cano in tho Southern districts is giving | every promlso of a heavy yield. Snaps of : frost have bean felt (n the Doughboy aud Logan districts, and have loft slight effects upon the oano. But so well is tho orop forward that no serious injury from frost is likely to follow, unlc'is rain should fall. At present thoro ii no apnearanoe of rain, and np to date the pronpeots for sugar aro satisfactory to an unusual extout' Advices from tho Her* bert Kivor are satisfactory. Tho oano Holds there look splondid and the growers will start ' 1 crushing this week. The density of the cane is high and free from disease. About Brisbane similar reports come to hand, bnt we think they have started a shade too early for a Southern latitude. ! Thk Charlton Ghost Company gave their first entertainment last evening [in the Olymyic Theatre, before rather a numerous audience. The entertainment consisted of Christy Ministrel and other songs, delinea tions of negro characteristics, and a ; variety of step dancing, and the several performers appeared to give satisfaction to the audience, the applause being frequent. The lateness of the hour ; at which the entertainment concluded precludes our giving a lengthier notice in this morning's issue. . | . Pursuant to advertisement which appeared io our columns, a meeting was heldl at ihe National School on Saturday evening, at 8 p.m., for the purpose of presenting !to Mr. NorrisAthe head .master, a testimonial of the respect and esteeccpin which he is held: by the' pupils and their parents. There were jbnt few persons present at the meeting, but the testi monial — a handsome gold watch, chain and seals — was duly forthcoming, presented to, and acknowledged by, Mr. J. K.I Norris teacher. We have been requested tojpnblish the list of subscribers, which we do belotf, and may mention that the total amount sub scribed was £36 8a. 6-L, which, after, paying all expenses, will leave a small balance, which is, we believe, to be given to the Mackay Dis trict Hospital. List of names : — j George Smith . P. McKenney Daniel Sfi^herd v ? Charles Bryan Jaae Cook Anne Duffy 1 W- Adrian Carl Wnrts i W. Hendy W. Dickson j George Ricketts . Mrs. Karr I E. Staines - Mrs. Milne j W. J„ Cameron Mrs. Buttcrworth - Thomas Pearce M. WarraamandU A. Diehm . Mrs. Thompson M. H. Black . . Mrs. Muggleton H. Brandon . L Mrs. Ellis | ? A.' McLennan J. G. Barnes HaMcCready Mrs. Hong j Donald Ross - Mrs. Grosskrentz Archibald Mclntyre W. H. Paxtojn ~ Andrew Henderson . Mrs. Kirewan Miss McBryde Mr. Moffatt [ C. R. DutaiUis Mary Geraghly B. McGuire *' James Mo&tt; A. T. Ball F. T. Amhrirat ' ? Charles Walker R. H. Talbot Henry Bell M; Ready A. do Sot J. Coulls . . M. J. Fay ? ? J. P. Kemp Mrs. Lowe . R. M. Smith - W. Loge A. Florence i J. Usher G~ Pearce ~ | Mrs. Niddrie. 