D'ARCY READ'S GHOST. The entertainment known as "D'Arcy Read's Ghost," which has heen received with so mnch favor in llelhourne and -Bal larat. and which came to the colony favor ably heralded by English and intercolonial press criticisms, was produced at the Mecha nics' Institute last evening for the first time in GeeloDg. It is described in the bills as the most wonderful Protean optical illusion ever exhibited, and it deserves the title The - bouse was well filled, the closing of the balcony limiting the accommodation. The entertainment was opened by the "Phantom Christys, " in which three .men and three phantoms ap pear and disappear .with such extra ordinary suddenness as to startle everybody. Several songs and jokes were fairly ren dered, mnch amusement being created by the spectres entering in the middle'of each chorus and taking the place of the minstrels, who instantaneously vanished. The mnsic was supplied by vocalists at the wings while the phantoms were on, the real men, of course, doing their own singing. An inter lude, wholly spectral, entitled "AParsee in search of his wife." followed, and the en tertainment was brought to a conclusion with the " Haunted House, or, the Ghost's Revels,*' a conglomeration of fnnny scenes in which men, women, and illusory figures are the actors and actresses in tarn. Daring its continuance the audience were thoroughly amused, the characters and incidents chaneing so rapidly that no time was allowed the spectators in which to even conjecture how the illusions were worked. Altogether the entertainment is a really first class; one of its kind, and it should have a good ran here. It would he better, how ever, were . the mechanical arrangements managed differently. Last evening the view of those who occupied side seats in the hall was materially marred hv the obstruction caused by two pillars and their wooden sap ports erected at each side of the stage. If these; cnnld he concealed in any way, it would render the illusion much more com plete. and tend considerably, to the greater satisfaction of the audience, and for these reasons we tender the hint in the mnst friendly ; manner. .This evening the per formance will be repeated, and all who" can enjoy the pleasure of a hearty laugh shonld not miss this opportunity of enjoying one. 