THE ORIGINAL COLLINS STREET. THE GHOST OF A CITY THAT NEVER WAS BORN. In more than one Australian city is a street named after Collins - the hero who ruled as Governor in Port Phillip in 1803 and who was then in such a hurry to be off from our shores that he postponed the establishment or our colony for 30 odd years, thereby, however, unwittingly saving us from beginning our his- torical life as a convict settlement. The Col- lins street of Hobart Town is undoubtedly the oldest known to fame, while that of Mel- bourne is by a long way the grandest; but I do not desire to allude in my present writing, to either of them. Rather do I refer to the archetype of both-the first of all the Collins streets-which, overgrown by the thick scrub of Point Nepean, and utterly desolate and wild, is still faintly dis- cernable by the exploring eye. The other day a party of us made pilgrimage to the site- the most historically interesting Vic- toria affords-and took account of all that could be seen there. Not that that all came to much, unless we looked at everything in the light of the past - of the time when the and facing Sullivan Bay (so Collins named the inlet between the rocks now called the "Sisters" ) was a hive of soldiers, settlers, and convicts, while H. M. S Calcutta and the transport Ocean lay in Capel Sound, having gone through what caused the leader to sub- sequently remark-" When all the disad- vantages attending this bay are publicly known, it cannot be supposed that com- mercial people will be very desirous of visit- ing Port Phillip. " Nevertheless, destitute of objects of apparent interest as we found the place to be, we could not but entertain the feeling that it ought not to be longer left without some lasting memorial of the asso- ciation indissolubly connected with it. Our visit came about in this wise. There were three of us-Mr J Ford, sen, of Port- sea, tho Victorian chief inspector of stock, and my readers most humble servant-on the verandah of the Nepean Hotel ( in Port- sea), looking over Mr Shillinglaw's recently published compilation of old papers, &c;, concerning the attempted first settlement of the colony, and the former every now and then telling us a story of those very early Port Phillip days to which so few can now refer from the depths of their personal ex- perience And whose could be much greater than that of one who, having arrived in Tas- mania as an employee of the old Circular Head Agricultural Company in 1830, came to Victoria as one of Gellibrand s party in 1836, in 1838 piloted Fyans and Eyre to the Glenelg, and has been settled at Point Ne- pean ever since 1842 ? Something like an old colonist is this still hale and hearty Mr Ford " Yes, said he, of the last picture in Mr Shillinglaw s publication "that is just old Bobby Knopwood, as I remember him white horse and all, but I never thought much of his having been in these parts." And so the talk flowed on Mr Ford de- scribing what he saw, 37 years ago at the place where Collins attempt at settlement was made-how many now obliterated signs of occupation, including the lines of a great street running almost straight from the shore were then plainly visiblc I took the opportunity to mention that I had heard J. P. Fawkner mention how, when in riper years, as a pioneer Victorian, he vísited the site he recognised in the remains of a huge water barrel an object that greatly struck his attention in 1803 at which period he, as a boy formed an item of the human freight of the Calcutta. Finally, the chief inspector and I asked Mr Ford to ac- company us to the place, and show us all the remains of its former occupancy. Hence our trip. Our expedition was not a very adventurous one for our destination lay scarcely three miles beyond Sorrento, and was reached by a good road deeply and picturesquely bordered by ti tree. Its aspect was somewhat disap- pointing. Indeed, we found before us one of the barest of spectacles. Nothing more,in- fact, than a shallow bay, shut in at its ter- minal points by tall jutting rocks so alike in contour as to justify their name of "The Sisters". Inland between them, the ground is uneven, and much spread with ugly stunted scrub. Beyond the southern " Sister", how ever, the appearance of things is better, while northward the shore rises to a picturesque height, and is densely clothed with tallish shrubbery. The land was once "selected" (by the late D. A. Hughes) but for some reason or other the Crown refused to let it go. At first glance broken bottle-glass of very modern date formed the only obvious sign of human occupation But as our eyes took in the whole of the scene we found other points to notice. Not many feet from the shore line is a pit shaped like a long de- serted well, and round about are mounds of undoubtedly artificial although ancient origin. But that together with the distant prospect which is pretty enough, was about all we had to look at. It seemed as though the richest associations could scarcely lend much interest to any thing so hopelessly barren. '"Ah!" said Mr Ford, "when I first carme here seven and thirty years ago, the place looked different enough None of this poor scrub then, but beautiful sheoaks every- where, and along the shore the finest tall ti tree imaginable. You could then ride over the place pretty easily, while now you can scarce push your way. Ever so long ago all the sheoaks were cut down for the limekilns. How we used to laugh in those old days to hear people aboard ship taking the lime- burners fires for those of the natives. Well, you could not mistake then that there was once a settlement here in the first place, the ground was all laid out in streets, the Bsame as in Melbourne, the lines being marked by deep furrows (I interposed that years ago I was prowling about the place by myself, and discovered one of those furrows ) "Well, they are all gone now, at least I can find none of them. The greatest street was of fine wldth, and it ran straight inland from the bay." (Mr Ford's listeners at once agreed that what he described ought to be regarded as the father of all the Collins streets.) "Then, somewhere near those mounds was a great oven of stone, but as people settled about they carried off the ma- terial for their chimneys. The dry pit before you was Collin's well, and I dare say it was good enough. How they could ever want for water here, when it is so plentiful that thirsty cattle easily get it by kicking a hole a few inches deep in the sand when the tide is low, I cannot understand. That same well is perhaps the best relic there is of the old time, but once I could see the posts where Collin's landing place was. I also found on the shore the remains of a big whale, and there's a bit of it, used as a milking stool, at my cottage at this moment ." But was this all we were to get by our journey ? Was there no way to intensify the interest of the scene. We depicted alter- nately to our minds eye the Rev. Robert Knopwood, with dog and gun, stalking kangaroo and emu, and the high and mighty Colins fussing and fretting, and thinking how soon in decency he could leave the wretched spot and be off to fair Van Diemen's Land. But it was all in vain "No," said Mr Ford, " you have seen all there is to see -that is, if I cannot find the graves." The burial place of the earliest Victorian dead ! That indeed would be worth looking at. So up the high land beyond the northern "Sister" did our cicerone take us, and in a few moments we were pushing and creeping through some of the densest possible Australian bush, seeking for this treasure of an ancient cemetery, now, like some of the ruined ancient cities of central America, so completely overgrown as to afford no outward sign of its existence, and practically undiscoverable save to him who has the clue. And at first it seemed as though the clue was lost, for we wound through and through the undergrowth, find- ing nothing more than the omnipresent rabbit, nor falling upon aught that savoured of man's occupation But at last our patient endeavours were rewarded, and suddenly, in the heart of the wild, we came plump upon the object of our search. It was not a com- mon spectacle. The sun which shone through a rift in the thick branches overhcad, lighting into brightness the sombre green of the ti tree and into brilliancy the bronze coloured tufts of the honeysuckle, could hardly, in these parts, look upon a stranger object than these few graves-we counted seven of them-so nearly over- whelmed by thick surrounding and inter- mingling shrubbery and yet forming pro- bably as lnteresting, a relic of human origin as any the colony affords. One of them was still surrounded with the decayed remains of pickets, another had been onginally en- closed with a fence of barrel-staves, which now-as they must have done for a good life time-lay as disordered debris, rotting on the ground; a third had about it the vestiges of a border of Venus ear and oyster shells, while others were only just distinguish able as graves at all by faint swellings in the surface of the soil. Doubtless, as was once said, "every grave, wherever found, preaches a sermon to the soul," but in what we gazed upon there was something more than a sermon. It constituted a memorial as interesting to Victorians as any early British barrow could be to a member of the Archaeological Institute. Did any of these mounds cover tho remains of John Skilhorne, free settler, the first white man who died within our borders? Said Mr. Ford- "You see I cannot say which of the graves is that of any one of Collins's party, but when I first came here there were just three of them, and I would like to know who else could have been buried on this particular site'' The chief inspector and I both felt con- vinced that although doubtless some- say four of the graves were of post Batman origin, the site for them was chosen because it had been previously-in the ante- Batman period used as a cemetery. There was nothing more for us to look at, but, as we walked back to the original Collins street, we naturally talked of the many strange graves we had known in the colony-in the bush, on the gold-fields in the early days, and on the sea shore. Truly Point Nepean can furnish many a curious burial story witness the tumuli that were once where the new battery now stands , also the sad mementoes, in the Sanatory Station grounds, of the time when, as in the case of the ship Ticonderoga, in 1852, sick passengers in quarantine died like sheep, and last, not least, the absurd stone monstrosity shaped for a mausoleum that now stands near the Sanatory Station pier. The story of its erection, which must have cost a tolerably large sum, is a pretty bit of bathos. A quarantined passenger was so smitten with the charms of the place that he vowed he would be buried there, and foretliinkingly ordered his tomb accord- ingly. But the best laid schemes of mice and men often go awry, and so it wasin this case, for the man went to Melbourne, got married, and now sleeps in the Old Cemetery. So passed our visit to these historic pre- cincts, and as we sat beside Collin's well and experienced all that ham sandwiches and bottled stout can impart, we could not but lament that the spot was unmarked by any monument or trophy, and suggest different modes of indicating that-excepting that on March 9, 1802, Lieutenant Murray, of the Lady Nelson, unfurled the union jack on the shores of Pott Phillip Bay-it was here, between the "Sisters", Victorian history practically began. Each of us had a remark on the sub- ject to make Mr Ford told us how 25 years ago, he brought Mr Latrobe, then lieutenant-governor of the colony, to where we were sitting and that His Excellency then solemnly promised that the Government should erect an obelisk there. "Why not rather," broke in the chief inspector, " re- sink Collins a well, and build there a foun- tain like the one which witnessed the death of Marmion You remember the inscription- ' Drink, weary pilgrim, drink, and pray For the kind soul of Sybil Grey, Who built this cross and well. " But the rationale of a fountain in such a spot being not beyond criticism, our companion next suggested the erection of a solid column of redgum-say a growing tree-suitably in- scribed, and that if the Government would not do the work private subscriptions should, adding that his piece of gold for the purpose was ready. "And surely you'll be your pint stoup, And surely you'll be mine," was the response he got on all hands. We entertain strong hopes that something will come of our liberality. At this point our Collins street confabula- tion took a new turn, and the chief inspector deplored that not only was this "Sisters" site utterly neglected,but similar treatment was accorded to the one in Westernport, where, in 1826-7, for fear the French should carry out the design of colonising a portion of Australia, a military detatchment under Captain Wright and Lieut Burchall, and accompanied by Mr Hovell (of Hume and Hovell), landed and established a settlement for something like a year There, he told us, the remains of ancient occupancy are very visible, for the redoubt thrown up by the military is still almost intact, while the relics of the houses they built there-the first ever erected in Vic toria-are plentiful. And then he narrated how he visited theplace in January, 1878, and was shown three cannon balls the soldiers omitted to carry off, and also how he became personally possessed of a bronze belt buckle one of them left behind him. As we drove home through the ti trees to Portsea I could not but think how great a debt we owe to the faineant leader of the expedition of 1803 for not stamping our soil with the brand of convictism. Not that he intended to confer any benefit upon us, for he carried his ships and men from Port Phillip to Derwent River, and on its banks founded Hobart Town. Besides, his ideas concerning convictism were, to say the least, a little mixed Tor example, this is how two men viewed the proceedings of the " Sisters" settlement Governor Collins, writing to Lord Hobart about the way in which his 'people - i c, convicts-were employed, stated - "These, I am happy to say, conduct them- selves most perfectly to my satisfaction wading the whole day long up to their middles in water, with the utmost cheerfulness, to discharge the boats as they come in." Yet Mr Tuckey, the first lieutenant of the Calcutta, witnessing the very same scene, de- scribed it thus - " When I viewed so many of my fellow-men sunk, and by their crimes degraded to a level with the basest of mankind-when I saw them naked, wading to their shoulders in water to unlade their boats, while a burning sun struck its meridian rays upon then un- covered heads, or yoked to and sweating under a timber carriage, the wheels of which were axle deep in sand, I only considered their hapless lot, and the remembrance of their vices was for a moment absorbed in the greatness of their punishment. " A PABHAMEMAnv return has been issued of the number of communicants in each parish in Scotland for the year 1878, in eluded in the roll prepared by the kirk BesBion, in conformity with the regulations of the General Assembly The total number WBB 515,780- ?-8,411 men and 297,373 women The population in 1871 was 3,3GO,018 THE Nord states that in consequence of the new German Customs duties legislation, and of other circumstances, the project for the improvement of the Kussian railways and the Baltic ports will be speedily executed St Petersburg is to be made a seaport by means of a maritime canal, which will permit the large vessels obliged now to stop at Cron Stadt to take in and discharge their cargoes in the capital The works necessary to make St Petersburg the largest seaport in the Baltic will be executed within six years at a coBt of 8,000,000 roubles The port of Libau (the German journals say that the trado of thiB port baa already taken an enormouB de- velopment), which, according to its situation, is destined to take a leading part m the com- petition againat the Prussian portB, is also to be enlarged and deepened. 