NEWSPAl'EU DEBTORS. [From Hit St, Leomml's Itaconler,) SOME of our supporters (save tho mark I) must bu uithoi' very nour indeed, or they sillier from defective hearing and eyesight to a sad extent ; otherwise our appeal to their senso of justice, made last week, would have met with ti moro ready responso nt their hands. Notwithstand- ing our urgent request for a settlement of out- standing accounts, tho Udo of overdue subscrip- tions docs not ilow in with anything like that freedom wo would desiro, and tho consequence of this forgetfulness on tho part of our friends begins to tell upon us with a force nut all cal- culated to add to tho peacefulness of our sluin bors. lt is a well-established vilo niuengst journalists that subscriptions to n newspaper should bo paid in udvnnco, but thcro aro of course peculiar circumstances under which exceptions have to bo mudo from timo to timo. Unfortu- nately wo havo to deal with ti groat many of the ' exceptions,' and bad bargains many of them are, without the ghost of a doubt. l'"or tho en- lightenment of some of our moro long-winded customers, wo publish in another part of our local columns to-day, tho law relating to news- papers, from which they may learn that thcro is nothing to bo gained by ' hanging lire,' but that prompt .settlements of newspaper accounts tire tho most satisfactory for all tho parties con- cerned. Wo have stood far too much of this wholesale credit business-much moro than we intend standing in future. Weill ways like to pay our way, and naturally oxpoct people to j my us what they owe. We Iiuvcno less thunsix ditl'ercnt classes of patrons on our books-' yeiir-in-ad vuncers,' ' prompt quartor-men,' ' slow but sure ones,' ' pnyers-by-hard-sqiteeziiig,' ' dead hoads, and ' bilkers,' alias ' swindlers.' Tho first class uro unfortunately, like angel's visits, ' few and fur between ;' tho second uro moro numerous, but not sttlliciontly so; tho third arc about ditto ; tho fourth, not many ; tho fifth aro tat- too numerous; and tho sixth and lust, lo 1 their ninnes is legion. It is to bo hoped that the third and fourth classes of subscribers will forthwith seo tho error of their ways, and join the moro advanced ranks. Wo shall adopt speedy means of bringing tho ' bilking ' gentry to their senses. Ono old incorrigible of this genius, who swamps tho prico of a dozen lieconlers every night in stringy nt tho locnl pubs., and who may bo re- cognised by a patch over somo portion of his un- inviting index, will como in for nn carly share of our attention, and a younger member of tho fry who titules to some extent upon our 'long suHcring' attributes, will havo run tho full length of his nose-wo moan his tethor- beforo ninny days. Indeed wo havo determined to publish in our next issue a list of defaulters ' without respect to persons,' and if this fails to havo the desived olieot, wo shall run thom nil in. 