Nobelist. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," "Self-Made," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXI.—Continued. "Did I not mention any name in the body of that letter ?" "None but the names of places, that told nothing." "Bat the postscript—what did that say "Requested me to read the letter addressed to Miss Starr, and then to give it to her with my own hands. 'Only that and nothing more.' " "What an infernal fatality ! But, Miss Deloraine, your note to me, handed me by yourself at the study door ?" said Adrian, with a keen-look into her eyes. "Well, you have got that, of course. Refer to it if you wish," said Antoinette, artfully refraining from committing herself by any statement of its contents until she, should discover whether he had possession of it. "No, I have not got it. I burned it up. But I know it was your expression of forgive- ness and acceptance and consent to meet me at the appointed place and time," he said, looking at her keenly. "For Net, not for myself, you gander ! You had taken me—or I supposed you had taken me into yonr confldence by asking me to read that letter and then to give it to Net —which I did. Then, in my note to you, I told you that you were forgiven ; that you were loved too deeply not to be forgiven freely ; and that the companion of your journey would meet you at the specified time and place—meaning Net all the time ! of course, I thought you knew," said Antoinette, as if she were weary of the discussion. "The most fatal complication of mistakes I ever heard of in my life !" groaned Adrian. "The most complete 'comedy of errors,' you mean ; and the worst of it is, that you cannot have the satisfaction of blaming anybody but yourself !" said Miss Deloraine, still much inclined to laugh, but repressing the inclination. As for Adrian Fleming, he stood now over- whelmed with humiliation and despair at the doubly painful and absurd position in which he had placed himself, as the bridegroom in a mistaken marriage, and as the accuser of Miss Deloraine upon false grounds. Now, also, came a strong reaction of his affections. With the disappearance of his doubts concerning Antoinette, his anger against her subsided ; and with the revival of his confidence his love re-kindled. "Yss. It is true ! I have only myself to blame !" he moaned, in a voice of mortifica- tion and despondency. " But oh, Antoinette, how much misery and desolation I have brought upon myself ! That letter—that petition for pardon and acceptance—you now know was intended for you ! It was you only whom I loved and do love, and must ever love ! Oh, my beloved ! Give me some little hope to keep me from dying of despair ! After this day I shall never see Net Starr—" "Net Fleming," amended Miss Deloraine. " 'Net Fleming,' then," assented Adrian, in a hopeless tone, being too utterly humbled and depressed to take any exception to Antoinette's correction—" 'Net Fleming.' I have taken my last leave of her to-day. In a short time I shall take measures to have this false and most preposterous marriage dissolved by law, and then, my only beloved, I will lay my recovered freedom, my heart, my hand, and all I possess at your dear feet. On, Antoinette ! May I take away with me the hope that you will then bless my life with your peerless self ?" he pleaded, taking her hand and gazing into her eyes. Miss Deloraine's long threatening fit of laughter now burst forth in irrepressible power. Snatching her hand from his, she fell back in her chair and laughed until the tears rolled down her flushed cheeks. If this were not so supremely absurd it would be profoundly immoral and unpardon- ably insulting," she said, as soon as she could speak. "Here is a man who ran away with, and married, one woman last night, making a declaration of love and proposal of marriage to another woman this morning." Adrian Fleming, pallid with passion, turned away in silence to leave the room. "Come back,"' said Miss Deloraine. "I have something to say to you." He came back and stood before her, mute and moody. "I ought to tell you that this marriage of yours can mke no difference in our relations to each other. We have always been friends, and shall continue to be friends. Nor can a dissolution of that marriage make any such difference. We have never been more than friends, and we never can be more than friends." "You give me no hope to save my life from sinking into ruin !" groaned Adrian. "No, no hope ; not the least. It is better to be perfectly plain with you, Mr. Fleming. I never cared enough for you to marry you, and I never can do so." "You love someone else, then ?" exclaimed Adrian, grinding his teeth under his white lips. "That is a most unwarrantable question. Yet I will answer it truly. I love no one else, in your sense of the word. I do not think there is any such love in my nature. Gentlemen, are not at all attractive except in so far as they amuse me, and not much even in that way. I shall never marry for love. I shall marry for rank and title." "These, at least, I can give you. I am the heir of my father's baronetcy, you know," ventured Adrian. "That might be all very well as far as it goes ; and if I fail to win a duke, a marquis, an earl, viscount or baron, I might in future years, when my youth shall have waned, be compelled by circumstances to accept a baronet ; but not otherwise; and not certainly a baronet who has figured in such an absurd adventure as yours. I repeat that it is best to be plain with you, Mr. Fleming, even though I should seem rude." Again the affronted lover started to leave the room, and again Miss Deloraine recalled him. "Will you take a little wholesome advice from my lips ? Think of Net as the future companion of your life. You cannot do better, or as well. You have married her. Her birth is as good as mine, we being brothers' children, and in the event of my death, unmarried, she would be the heiress of Deloraine Park. She is, besides, one of the loveliest young women in person and character that I have ever known. Take her, Adrian. Give her a chance to win your whole heart, and my word for it, she will make you very happy in the end," said Antoinette, earnestly, warming with her theme. "Have you done ?" growled the young man. "Yes." "Will you let me go now ?" "With pleasure." "Then good-bye !" And he flung himself out of the room in a tumult of contending passions—love, anger, shame and despair. "Well," said Miss Deloraine to herself, as soon as she was alone, "it is said that Satan helps his own, so I must belong to Satan, since I have got out of this horrid scrape so much more easily than I had hoped to do. But, oh, at what a cost of lying ! And so they are married and parted, all within twelve hours ! And that reticent imp, Net, never gave me a hint of it. All right ! I would rather not talk of it, I am sure ! Satan's own, as I must be, I had rather not tell more lies than I can avoid ! So if Net says nothing to me about her marriage ; I shall certainly say nothing to her. Heigh-ho ! I wonder what will be the end of it all ?" so sighing, Miss Daloraine sat down at the piano, opened it, selected a piece of difficult music that she had been practising for the last few days, and began to play. She did not meet Net until dinner time, when the suffering, patient face of the girl once more awakened her remorse. "I shall never be happy," she said to her- self—"never can be so, until Adrian makes Net happy." But she talked to Net of other matters. That afternoon a messenger came from the Dolphin, bringing two letters from Mr. Fleming ; one was a sealed letter addressed to the Rev. Dr. Starr, the other an open letter addressed to the ladies of the rectory, and requesting that his effects might be sent to his lodgings at Miston. Net placed the first on her father's study table, and opened and read the last. Then with her own hands she carefully packed all Adrian's books, clothing, and other property, and sent them off by the carrier's cart. All the rest of that day Net went about her household duties, and performed them faithfully, though mechanically, and with such a physical sinking of her heart as seemed to ask a tightly-bound sash about her waist to support and relieve its faintness. Tnat night, on retiring to bed, she found that she could not lie down without an instantaneous sense of suffocation. She had to recline propped up with pillows, and so she passed a restless and sleepless night. Had Net been a delicately reared young girl, like Lady Arielle Montjoie, she must have yielded to the physical effects of her deep mental anguish, and kept her bed, and had a physician. But, as we said, Net had not been delicately reared ; she had been trained in the school of patience, labour, self-denial and endurance. So when daylight appeared and found her still wakeful and unrefreshed, she conquered her weakness and arose to the performance of her day's duties. Little mammam was a wise woman on the subject of healing and strengthening roots and herbs. She was wiser than that court physician who could not "minister to a mind diseased." She knew that where the mind was "diseased" with remorse or sorrow, or any other malady, the body must be supported, or it would also become invalid and incapable of use. And so Net took herself strongly in hand, and braced both body and soul to battle with the sorrow that threatened to destroy both. But oh ! it was a hard, hard fight ! She looked forward to the arrival of her step- father with hope and fear. She knew that he would comfort and counsel her effectually, but would he not be very severe in his judgment of Adrian ? The next day would be Saturday, when they might expect the rector back. Net busied herself in the meantime with having his study thoroughly cleaned and renovated, she herself only handling his books and papers, dusting them all and putting each one back in its place, so that he might be able to lay his hand at once on the book or paper he might want. This kindly work occupied the whole of Friday ; but ah ! it did not support the faint and sinking heart that day, or bring sleep to the heavy, tearless eyes that night. Oa Saturday Net busied heraelf in the kitchen in the preparation of delicate or favourite dishes for her father's repast when he should arrive in the evening, She expected him by the five o'clock train. She had ordered the dinner to be put back till half-past five, and she had the table laid with the finest damask and the best china, and decorated with a bouquet of flowers in the midst as for a dinner party, while she dressed herself and the babies in their best holiday suits, as for the reception of a distinguished guest. Yet through all this preparation her heart ached and sank heavily. A little before five o'clock she sent the stable-boy with the gig to meet his master at the station. And then she sat down and waited. CHAPTER XXII. THE RECTOR'S RETURN. In all his wanderings round this world of care. In all his grief—and God has given his share— He still had hopes, his latest hours to crown, Amidst those humble bowers to lay him down ; To husband out life's taper at its close, And keep the flame from wasting by repose." — GOLDSMITH. NET sat in the front porch waiting until the clock struck five. Then, as if fired by a sudden impulse, she started up and hurried into her father's study, seized Adrian Fleming's letter to the rector that lay upon the table among others that had come for him during his absence, and hid it between the leaves of a book on the shelves. "Father shall not see this sleep-destroy- ing document to-night, at any rate. After his long journey he must be permitted to rest well ; and to-morrow, when he has had his breakfast, I will give it to him," she said, as she glanced around the room to see that all was right. "And now," she con- tinued, as she left the study. "I must warn Antoinette. I do not know how much she may know, or suspect, of last night's mis- fortune ; but she must not be permitted to drop a word or a hint that may disturb my father's peace to- night." With this Net ran up-stairs and knocked at Miss Deloraine's door. "Who's there ?" inquired Antoinette's voice from within. "It is I," said Net. "Come in, then. You might have come without knocking !" Net opened the door and entered the chamber, where she found Miss Deloraine standing before the glass, putting the last touches to her toilet by pinning flowers on her bosom and in her hair. "Antoinette," began the girl, sitting down on a chair, resting her elbow on the table, and looking wistfully, into her cousin's face—"Antoinette, if you know anything the hearing of which might disturb my father's peace, do not be betrayed by thoughtlessness into, any illusion to the subject. Father is old ; he has had a very fatiguing journey, and he must sleep to- night. To-morrow morning, after, break- fast, when he has been refreshed by rest and food, it will be time enough to tell him bad news." When Net had begun to speak Miss Deloraine had expected the disagreeable accusation she had so long dreaded, and saying, mentally, "Now for it," had braced herself for the battle. But before Net had finished she found herself strangely puzzled by the girl's words and manner. Net evi- dently had not come to make a charge or to demand an explanation, but to ask a favour. She did not look belligerent, or even suspicious, yet her words were strange. Did the rector's daughter suspect that she knew anything about the secret marriage ? She would test the question immediately. "You must tell me plainly what subjects I must avoid before I can hope to profit by your warning, Net. I might stumble upon the very theme most to be deprecated. They say we must never allude to ropes in the presence of a man whose father has been hanged, but, you see, one may not always know but that the man's father died in his bed, in an odour of sanctity. You must tell me plainly what you mean, .dear." "Then I beg you to avoid the subject of —Adrian Fleming." The name almost choked Net. " ' Avoid the subject of Adrian Fleming !' Certainly, if you say so," replied Antoinette, beginning to sing1 an old love-song — "Oh, no, we never mention him, His name, is never heard ; Our lips are now forbid to speak - That once familiar word." "That is all, cousin, I thank you. Oh ! if my father, opens the subjeot and asks for Adrian, as he will be sure to do, leave me to answer him," added Net. "With the greatest pleasure in life. It will relieve me of an embarrassment," replied Miss Deloraine. Net arose to go, but as she did so she caught the eyes of Antoinette fixed sympa- thetically, sorrowfully upon her, and in that instant Net felt sure that Miss Deloraine knew her secret. Antoinette was a mixture of good and evil too common to be strange. She was affec- tionate, benevolent, and generous ; but she was irritable, timorous, and untruthful. She was suffering now from remorse and compassion on account of Net. She wished very deeply to make amends, if she could do it without hurting herself. She wished to comfort Net, but she could not confess to her. The girls looked into each other's eyes an instant, and then Antoinette said : "Net, dear, I see that that you don't want to quarrel with me, as Adrian did. But you don't know anything about that yet. You don't want to quarrel with me, Net ; but do you want to oonfide in me, darling ?" "I think you know all that I could tell you," replied the girl, gently. "Pretty much. I know that you were mar- ried on Thursday evening to Adrian Fleming by mistake." "Yes," breathed Net, sinking back in her chair. "And I know that this mistake originated in my gentleman's having two strings to his bow and misplacing and misdirecting two love-letters that he was writing to two ladies in the same hour. The one to me was a pro- posal of marriage directed to you ! You fell into the pitfall accidentally made for you, poor little soul, and you were married by mistake ! And as my fine gentleman dis- covered his mistake he threw you off, insulted everybody right and left, and bolted for Devonshire. "How did you know this ?" inquired Net, in a verv low voice. "He told me all ! He came here about noon on Friday, assailed me with abuse, accused me of tampering with the letters and transposing them with my own hands." "O h-h-h ! Adrian must indeed have been almost insane to have charged you with such a dishonourable, each a degrading act !" cried Net, with a genuine shudder of moral horror. Antoinette winced under it. It was dread- ful to see her sin through Net's clear, pure eyes. "Yes," she said, rallying her spirits. "And he threatened to prosecute me ! But I soon showed him the impossibility of my having done such a deed as that ! Moreover, I told him if his complimentary proposal had reached my hands, I never could have com- plied with it. Ha went away very much ashamed of himself, when he found out that he had charged me falsely, and had only his own carelessness to blame for his misfortune —if it was a misfortune ! I consider it a piece of unmerited good luck !" "Had it pleased Heaven, I had rather died than this should have happened !" breathed the girl. "Whatl and leave the poor babies or phans ? Nothing of the sort, Net ! It does not please Heaven nor earth that you should die ! You shall live, Net, to bring that scornful young husband of yours to your feet yet ! "Oh, no, no, no ! This ceremony must not hold him in bondage ! He says the law can free him, and it must !" "The law will do no such thing ! The law won't annul a marriage except for crime. That is certain. I wonder a man of his knowledge did not know that much. No, Net, you are safe to be Lady Fleming. No earthly power—not even your self-sacrificing spirit driven by my gentleman's dominant will—can prevent that. You will be Lady Fleming !" "Oh, I never cared for that ! I never cared for wealth, or rank, or title. I only cared for, Adrian—for himself. If he had been the poorest curate that ever starved on thirty pounds a year. I should have loved him all the same." "No, you wouldn't. For, in such circum- stances, he would have been a better man than he is now, and you would not have loved him at all. People love their opposites, it is said. You, being a little angel, must love a fellow with a strong spice of mischief in him, like Mr. Adrian Fleming. And that is all right." Net had again got up to leave the room. She paused only to hear her cousin out, and then she went away. As she passed downstairs she happened to look from a window at the turn of the staircase, that commanded a view of the church-yard. And there she saw a tableau that startled and alarmed her. It was Kit o' Jim—it was her Missing Link—in close conversation with a gentle- man, and that gentleman proved, on inspec- tion, to be Mr. Brandon Coyle, whom Net and all the neighbourhood supposed at that time to be in London with his sister and their uncle. Their attitude, too, was distressing to Net. Kit stood fronting this side of the house, with her white apron rolled awkwardly up over her fine round white arms, her handsome, blushing face bent down until her chin touched her heaving bosom, and her lovely blue eyes lowered until their eyelashes shaded her blooming cheeks, while around all hung down her glorious hair like a shower of meteors as it sparkled in the sun's rays. Beside her, and a little behind her, stood Brandon Goyle, with his arm about her waist and his head bent to her bosom, and his lips too near her cheek. This must be stopped, Net knew. The rector's little daughter, in her daily visits among the poor, had learned enough of the evil that comes of gentlemen courting poor cottage-girls and female servants. She leaned from the window and raised her young voice until it rang like a sea- captain's from his quarter-deck : "Kit !" The pair sprang apart as if a bombshell had fallen between them, and Kit began to jump over the mounds and run home as fast as she could come, while Brandon Coyle turned and walked away in the opposite direction. Net went down into the kitchen, and met Kit as the latter came in at the back door. "Who was that you were talking with in the church-yard ?" inquired Net, asking a very natural but very unnecessary question, since she had already recognised Kit's companion. "Sure he were Coyle, as yo 'mought, o' seen for yoself if yo hed eyes, Mistress Net !" answered Kit, rather pertly. "What was he saying to you ?" gravely demanded the little mistress of the rectory. "Oh, Oi dunnot know ! Just some o' his nonsense," replied the girl, blushing deeply. "Kit," said little mammam, very solemnly, "I warn you not to let gentle- men talk nonsense to you. It will bring you to evil, Kit !—to bitter, bitter sin and woe !" "Dunnot yo fear, Mistress Net. Oi ken tak' keer o meself," said the Missing Link, proudly. Net might have gone on with her catechism and exhortation, had not the sound of wheels reached her ears. She turned quickly and ran into the front hall, and opened the door in time to see the gig draw up and the minister, looking tired and harrassed, descend to the ground. "Oh h-h-h ! I'm so glad to see you, dear father ! It seems as if you had been gone a month ! Come ! Come in. Give me your hat ; give me your umbrella. There ! Come right into your room ! Everything is ready for you." This was all rather gushing for the quiet, self-repressed ! Net, but then she had been so sorely tried during her father's absence, and she had wanted him so much. The pleasure of meeting him had brought a transient colour to her pallid cheeks and light to her heavy eyes, so that the rector did not perceive the sad change that had passed over his child. "I am glad to get home again, my dear, and very glad to see you, my little 'angel of the household.' Well, Net, is all well with the family ?" he inquired, as he entered his chamber, which was on the floor in the rear of his office. "We are all in our usual health, dear father." "And my dear boy ? My Adrian ? My future son-in-law ?" said the rector, as he sank into his big arm- chair. Net walked to the window and made an effort with trembling hands to draw the white curtain to soften the bright blaze of the afternoon sun, as she answered, in a low voice : "He— is not here. He has gone to Fleming Chase." "Gone to Fleming Chase ! That is very odd, isn't it, when I left him here in charge of the house ?" "He—I—his father wrote for him." "Net ! what is the matter with you, my dear ? Turn around here and let me look at you. Why, you are as pale as a ghost ! And you tremble so you can scarcely stand ! Net, tell me ! Had Adrian written to his father to sanction his engagement to you, and had Sir Adrian written back and for- bidden the marriage, and ordered him home ?" demanded the minister, frowning heavily. "Oh, no, dear father, nothing of the sort," replied Net, struggling to regain her self-command. "The baronet wrote for him to come immediately and help to en- tertain a midsummer party of visitors. that were assembled at the Chase." "Oh ! and you are distressed at the separation ?" "Yes," answered Net, "distressed at the separation !" And losing all self-control at the thought of how much more dire, more lasting, and more fraught with misery than her father deemed this separation really was, Net burst into tears and sobbed convulsively. "Oh ! the little cry-baby ! Come to its daddy and be comforted !" exclaimed the rector, half in sympathy, half in raillery, as he opened his arms to receive her upon his bosom, and while he held her head to his heart and smoothed her dark hair with his hands, Net sobbed herself into quietude. Then she wiped her eyes and kissed her father's dear hands, and said, as she arose "How wrong of me ! How wrong to do this, the very hour of your return ! To be overcome by my own selfish feelings when I should have felt only for you and your needs ! You told us once that there must be a resurrection from self before there could be a resurrection unto life. But, oh ! dear father, does it not take all one's days on earth to rise above self ? I will not worry you any more now. Here is your hot water, and here are your clean clothes, "and now I will leave' you to dress yourself. How soon will you be ready for dinner ?" "In twenty minutes, my dear. Poor child ! It was a little trying that your lover should be called away just after your old father had gone off. But I have a piece of wonderful news for you, Net." " 'News'—for me, father," exclaimed the girl, suddenly halting and thinking only, and most unreasonably, of news from Fleming Chase. "Yes, but, dear child, I do not really know whether I am glad or sorry to be the bearer of this news. I do not know whether it will be for your good or evil, but it is grand news ! There—I must leave it for to-morrow. I can- not enter into so heavy a subject this after- noon. I should not even have alluded to it but that I think it is well to give you some- thing else to think of beside Adrian's absence. Now with wondering what my news can possibly be, you will have no time to fret after your lover. There ! be off with you and give me a chance to get some of this railroad grit out of my eyes and nose." Net smiled and left the room, speculating, indeed, as to what her father's news for her, could be, but knowing well that, whatever, it was, it could not possibly astonish her so much as her news must astonish him. But this also must be deferred for the morning. Half-an-hour later Dr. Starr came down to dinner, where he met Miss Deloraine, Net, and the babies who had been allowed to sit up to see their father. After shaking hands with Antoniette in grave affection that somewhat surprised the young lady, he took up and kissed each child in turn, and then drew from his capacious pockets a wonderful little walking doll for Ella, and and a bewildering Noah's Ark for Luke. Then Net had to use all her influence over the delighted, babies to persuade them to lay aside their entrancing treasures until after dinner. Later, when the whole party adjourned to the drawing-room, the wonders of the walking doll and of Noah's Ark were displayed and discussed by the children, and, of necessity, by the grown people, to the exclusion of all other topics of conversation ; and when the hour of the babies' bed-time had come and gone, Net could only prevail upon them to go with her to the nursery on condition that she should take the doll and the ark to bed with them. Dr. Starr was very, tired with his long railway ride, and soon excused himself of Miss Deloraine, and went to his room. When Net reached the nursery with the children, she found, to her surprise, the wax candles lighted on each side of the dressing glass, and her Missing Link standing before it in an attiiude of self-scrutiny. "What are you doing there, Kit ?" de- manded Net. "Looking at meself, to be sure. Mistress Net, wull yo tell me true—be Oi hendsum or no ?" "I really don't know, Kit, whether you are handsome or otherwise," replied Net, coldly. "No more do Oi ! Oi thenk as my red ha'r's agin my lokes." "Your hair is well enough, Kit. You should not think so much about your looks." "Mistress Net, did yo iver hear o' th' Laird o' Burleigh ?" inquired Kit- "Whom ?" "The Laird o' Burleigh. Him wot wedded a poor willage lass and med he a leddy ?" "I have heard of that circumstance, Kit, but—" "It was true, then, Mistress Net ? The laird did marry the lass and mek her Leddy o' Burleigh ?" "Yes, but it was not well done, Kit. The lass died of a broken heart." "Ou, ay ! So Oi heerd, but that was because she had na the sperrit to sport her rank. It wunnot brek moi heart to be med a leddy !" said the Missing Link, setting her arms akimho, turbing around with her back to the glass and surveying herself over her shoulder. "Oh, you poor, half-witted 1 creature ! What can I do for you ? Kit, who put this ridiculous stuff, into your poor head ?" de- manded her mistress. Kit did not answer, but turned slowly around before the glass. "Who told you the story of the Lord of Burleigh ?" inquired Net, putting her ques- tion in another form and in gentler tones. "Him—down there ! He doant despoise me loike some fowks do !" "Do you mean Mr. Brandon Coyle ?" "Yes, him." "Kit ! Oh, Kit ! Don't listen to him ! How many times—have you seen him—like that in the church-yard ?" "Hoo kin Oi tell, Mistress Net ? Oi seen him noo and agen, as he cooms through for a short-cut fsem his fishin'. Oi dunnot know how many toime he hev stopped to pass the toime o' the day to me. It's no a menny gintlefowk yo'd see doin' thet ! But, 'oh, he's foine !" "How long has this been going on, Kit ?" "Ou, iver sin' we first seen aiche ither —that toime him and his sister tuk tay here." "He has been in London. When did— " "Ou Oi'm no maning while him wur' in Lunnun ; I niver seM him thin,'' interrupted Kit. "When did he get back, I was about to ask you ?" "Ou, aboat a week sin', O'im thenkin." "Kit, you must not talk to this man, nor let him talk to you. He means you no good, poor girl ! He will only bring you to sin and misery." "Nay, he willna ! I'll no brek my haart if he meks a leddy o' me loike yon fool lass o' Burleigh !" said Kit, with a toss of her hand- some head. "He will not make a lady of you, Kit, whatever he may say. Kit do you remember poor Meg Doyne, the sailmaker's daughter, in Miston ?" inquired little mammam, as the tears rushed to her eyes. "Ou, ay ! the wench wot run off wi' a foine gentleman to Lunnon, and went to the dogs ? I moind her ! But yo're no avening me, an honest gurrul loike me, down to the loike o' she !" retorted the Missing Link, with deep disdain. "No, Kit ; but Meg was once as honest as you are before she listened to a fine gentle- man's flatteries." "And yo'll no be avening Mr. Brandon Corle to the grend vilyum wot desaived Meg Doyle ?" exclaimed Kit indignantly. "Yes, I think that he is just such another or he would hot be tryiug to mislead a poor girl like you. You' must not meet this Bran- don Coyle any more. It is as much as your good name is worth to do it— yes, it may prove the cost of your soul to meet him ! But if he should force his company upon you take this warning ; Never let him persuade you to go off anywhere with him under pro- mise of marriage. Do not go anywhere with him until you are married, and married by your own rector, too, that you and your people may know that it is right. If he means honestly by you, Kit—which I am sure he does not—he will consent to do this. If he means dishonestly by you which I am sure he does—he will refuse, and by this test you may judge him." All Kit's defiant spirit broke down, and she put her apron up to her eyes and began to cry. "Don't fret ! I am not angry with you, poor girl, but I am very sorry for you, and very anxious, about you. I shall have to speak to the rector." "Oo, Mistress Net, dunnot tell the maister on me ! Dunnot !'' pleaded the girl, in a terrible fright. "Then you must promise me, solemnly promise me, never to meet or speak to that man again," said Net. "Oi'll promise you to hev naething to say to him, and naething to, do with him, Mist- ress Net, an' yo wunnot tell the maister," sobbed the girl. "Very well ; that is right, Kit. On that condition I will not tell him. Now, dry your eyes and help me put the children to bed." The babies, temporarily forgotten in the interest of Kit's affairs, were on the floor, with all the menagerie of Noah's Ark, paraded, and the walking doll gliding around it. "They. left their play at the call of little mammam's tender voice, and consented to be put to bed on the already stipulated terms —that Noah's Ark and the doll should be put to bed with them. An "hour after this all was quiet in the rectory. Net was lying awake wondering what her father's' news could be, and wondering how he would receive hers. Kit, in her cot over the kitchen, was cry- ing herself to sleep over the "haird-harrted- ness" of mistresses in general, and Mistress Net, of Miston Rectory, in particular. CHAPTER XXIII. THE FATHER'S JUDGMENT. I pity most of all when I do justice, For then I pity those I do not know ; Which a dismissed offence would often gall, And do him right, that answering once foul wrong, Can ne'er commit another. — SHAKESPEARE. THE next day was the Sabbath, when breakfast was always served plainly, to relieve the servants of the rectory of all all unnecessary work, and at an early hour, to enable the rector and his daughter to attend the Sunday School, where he superintended the exercises, and his daughter taught a class of village children. After breakfast there were still about twenty minutes to spare before going to the Sunday-school. The minister went into his study to gather up his notes. Net followed him, thinking that now was about as inconvenient a time as could be imagined for delivering Adrian Fleming's spirit-troubling letter, as it would certainly distress her father, and might unfit him for his duties in the Sabbath-school and in the pulpit, but feeling that she could no longer in common honesty retain the letter. She must do right, whatever might come of it. She went and took the fateful epistle from between the leaves of the book in which she had hidden it, and turning very pale, and trembling very much, she handed it to her father, saying : "Here is a letter that Adrian left for you." "Oh ! Ah ! An explanation of his sudden departure, I suppose. Quite proper, though quite unnecessary. Good boy ! Good boy ! But the letter can wait until Monday, my dear. Put it down with the rest, Net," said the rector, who was busy loooking over the notes for his lecture to the Sunday-school children. Net laid the letter with the half-dozen others that were still unopened on the study table. "And by the way, Net," continued the rector, "I think that other business had better rest until, to-morrow. It is entirely too worldly and secular to be entered npon to-day. I do not know how I came to forget for the moment that it was Saturday night when I promised to tell you the news I brought for you. So I must ask you to release me from my promise, dear and to wait until to- morrow." "I will, of course, father, dear," replied the girl, who, though fall of curiosity to hear the news the rector had to tell, was glad to be reprieved for a time from the penalty of having to communicate hers. She left the study and went upstairs to put on her bonnet. A few minutes later the father and daughter walked side by side to the Sabbath school, which was held in the gallery of the church. The Sabbath day passed, as usual, very quietly at the rectory varied by the morning and afternoon services at the church. Only one event occurred to disturb Net. She saw Brandon Coyle about the same hour in the afternoon at which he had appeared on Saturday, loitering in the churchyard, where he had no lawful business and she knew that he had come there to meet Kit, either by an expressed or an implied appoint- ment. She watched Kit with a mother's anxious, unselfish vigilance ; but the girl never left the house, though she went about all the rest of the afternoon and evening with red eyes. The next morning, immediately after break- fast, Dr. Starr arose and said : "Come, Net, I am going into my den to attend to my correspondence ; but I want a few words with you first, my dear." Net arose, and trembling from head to foot, followed her step-father into his study. The old gentleman locked the door, and then bade his daughter take the chair oppo- site to himself at the narrow library table, so they could talk across it conveniently while he explained. Net obeyed, still trembling. "Do not look so frightened, my child. It is really nothing alarming to you that I have to tell," said the doctor. Net was not alarmed about the news she was to hear, but the news that she would be compelled to communicate, or rather to corroborate. "Net," pursued the rector, "I discovered that it was not for the purpose of being con- sulted as to the re-investment of Miss Deloraine's money alone that I was called up to London by her lawyers, but to be told a piece of news that startled me more than anything I ever heard in my life." The rector paused, as if expecting his hearer to make some comment, but as she continued silent and attentive, he went on. "You will be startled too, my dear, when I tell you they told me they had discovered that Antoinette, the daughter of Alfred Deloraine, is not the lawful heiress of Deloraine Park, but that you, the daughter of Arthur Deloraine, are the legal heiress." Net gazed at the speaker in mute amaze- ment for a moment, and then said quietly : "But that cannot be so, father, because Uncle Alfred Deloraine was certainly the elder brother." "Yes, my dear, but he died without lawful heirs." "Oh, father, how could that be ? Uncle Alfred was married to Miss de Speneiere, the mother of Antoinette, and you were at the wedding ! I have herd you describe the grand festivities at Castle de Spensiere and at Deloraine Park. "Yes, my dear, but that marriage was not lawful—" "But why ? Everybody thought it was lawful !" "Yes, because everybody did not know—in fact, nobody knew that he had a wife living at the time !" "Could my Uncle Alfred have committed such a crime as that !" exclaimed Net, in horror. "It was no crime, but a great misfortune. He did not know that his first wife was living. He supposed her to have been dead for years !" "Oh, how could that have been ?" "Net, it is a sad story. I wish I were not obliged to tell it to you, my dear, but this is it in brief : Your Uncle Alfred, when he was barely twenty-one years old, was entrapped by a beautiful, bad woman of about his own age, and of very low rank, whom he married secretly and supported off the liberal allow- ance made him by his father. This woman permitted the marriage to remain a secret, because she knew if it were divulged his indignant father would stop that allowance. But at length this—this reproach to her sex grew weary of her young husband and his moderate means—for the income that was ample enough for a bachelor was scaroely sufficient to support a very extravagant wife —and she left him and went to Paris, there to lead a life of criminal splendour." Net's head drooped upon her bosom, in simple sense of self-humiliation in another woman's fall. "Yes, it was shocking, my dear. Alfred did not sue for a divorce, for to have done that would have exposed his disreputable marriage, and his subsequent dishonour. He bore it all in silence, until one day he received a packet from Paris, with a report of tbe woman's decease of fever, the doc- tor's certificate of death, and the under- taker certificate of interment. "She died, then, at last ?" breathed Net. "No more than you or I did ! It was her maid who died, and was buried under her mistress's name, and by her mistress's con- trivance. The guilty woman survived, and lived under another name. All the world has heard of Madame la Reine du Monde, for that was the arrogant nom de guerre assumed by the woman." "And Uncle Alfred, believing himself to be free, married Miss de Spensiere ? Oh, what a tremendous misfortune." "Yes, my dear, being under the strongest conviction that his disreputable wife was dead, he buried her memory in oblivion, and some time after married Agnese de Spensiere. Antoinette, their daughter, is the only child of that union." "And the heiress of Deloraine Park ?" "By right, but not by law ! You are the heiress by law." Net's head dropped lower then ever under the shame of her new honours—be- cause they were to be honours that must only come through the down-fall and dis- grace of the innocent victim of other people's crimes. "How was this discovered, after all these years, father ?" she inquired in a low tone of mortification. "By the recent death of Madame la Reine. Why, don't you know that the papers have been full of descriptions of the barbaric splendour and magnificence of her house thrown open to the world during the three days of the sale of her effects ? It was in the reading of her will, in which, having no children, she bequeathed all her property to her nieces and nephew, that her real name and rank was discovered to be Mrs. Ann Deloraine, widow of the late Alfred Deloraine of Deloraine Park, Devonshire, England." "Other letters and papers in her posses- sion proved beyond all doubt her right to the name and rank she claimed as her own in her will. There was even a correspondence between herself and her guilty protector, re- vealing the tricks by which she passed off her ill and delirious maid upon the dootors as Annie Deloraine, and so obtained the false certificate of death and burial." "But why should she have done this ?" inquired Net, in an almost inaudible voice. "To deceive her husband and secure her own safety, and lastly, to give herself more freedom. She was afraid of the pursuit and vengeance of Alfred Deloraine." "But might she not also have feared that he would discover the trick ?" "No ; for Alfred Deloraine never went into the world of which she became a part. He had some of the follies, but none of the vices of youth." "All this became known in Paris through this woman's death ; but how did it become known in London ? How to the Messrs Flint ? "Through Anne Deloraine's legatees, who, being sharp, low-born London people, suddenly made rich by the death of an aunt of whom they had previously known little or nothing, and hearing that she was the widow of the late Alfred Deloraine, of Deloraine Park, immediately began, through their lawyers, to look up Deloraine Park and the Deloraine family. Thus the Browns and Johnsons got the secret that the present heiress in possession was not the legal heiress of Deloraine Park, and— offered to sell their silence for a considera- tion to the Messrs. Flint. These gentlemen repudiated their overtures, and threatened them with prosecution for an attempt at blackmailing ; but, at the same time, thought the case was grave enough to warrant them in writing to me to come to London, for the ostensible purpose of con- sulting about the re- investment of certain moneys, but really to talk over this serious affair, which could not be trusted either to the mail or to an agent. I went, as you know, and in examining the evidence with the Messrs. Flint, became convinced that the daughter of Alfred Deloraine, elder son though he was, had no legal claim to Delo- raine Park, or even to the name of Delo- raine. "But oh, my dear father, if not a legal, surely, she, has a just claim to both !" "A just, though not a legal claim ? Perhaps she has, but have not you yourself even more ? have you not both a just and legal claim ?" "I cannot see that I have, dear father," replied Net. "I wish there was some way of com- promising this trouble by dividing the estate between you and Antoinette. That would really be just to both ; and each would have enough. But the attorneys tell me that there is an entail that obliges the estate to descend intact to the heir, male or female." "There could be no division, dear father, for other reasons than the entail," replied Net. "Well, perhaps there may be, but the point now immediately to be settled is this : that you being a minor and I your guardian, ought I not, in your name, forth- with to enter suit for the recovery of Deloraine Park ?" Quiet Net was not impulsive, never "gushing," but on hearing this her dark eyes dilated with surprise and fear, and rising suddenly, she came to the table and seated herself on a hassock at her father's feet and clasping his hand, said : "Oh, no, no, no, dear father, do nothing of that sort ! Think of the humiliation—not only the loss of property—that is a compara- tive trifle—but the humiliation it would bring upon Antoinette—innocent, unsuspect- ing Antoinette—and the unmerited dishonour it would cast upon the memory of her houourable parents ! And all, only to make me rich, who covet no riches, who fear riches for myself as much as I fear un- merited degradation for Antoinette. Oh, no father ! bring no suit in my name, unless you would make me wretchedly unhappy ?" pleaded Net, clinging to the old man's withered hand, and at the close of her words kissing it. (To be continued.) 