OUR BERLIN LETTER. [From oar own Correspondent.] Berlin, February 10,1879. Prince Bismarck's quiver of surprises appears to be inexhaustible. As shaft after shaft In bewildering succession is discharged by liis indefatigable hand, striking to the heart some class interest, constitutional right, or national institution, even his admirers raise their eye brows in astonishment not unmixed with con sternation and ejaculate, " Sorely this must be the last arrow he has kept in store for the lack less ones who have incurred his displeasure." Bat no. Scarcely has the agitation aroused by each new discharge of his legislative darts some what subsided, scarcely has the German public accustomed itself to the notion that proposi tions which it regarded as insensate and out rageous when they were first brought under its notice are fully meant to be carried into execu tion by the Chancellor's iron will, when another sensational projct de loi is flashed before the nation's eyes, dazzling and startling it into spasms of amazement and apprehension. Of all the axioms ever adopted by states men as their political mottoes, Lord BusseU's favourite w Best and be thankful" is the one least congenial to Prince Bismarck's disposition. There Is no rest in him. He is always angry with somebody or something. Impersonalities offend him as Keenly and arouse his ire as directly as do per sonalities. To disagree with him is to incur his active enmity, which, as he wields practi cally unlimited power, is highly perilous to the individual, party, or institution for the time being at variance with him. To agree with him is to enjoy comparative safety, until he may happen to change his opinions, which he does with startling frequency and suddenness; it is to be contemptuously tolerated as a being not actively obnoxious to the master-spirit which, soaring high and alone in empyrean altitudes of its own, bears with no rivalry and brooks no opposition. In former letters I have roughly sketched out to you the incessive onslaughts he has made ou men, classes, and institutions in the coarse of hie sensational and eminently combative career-^-how he has turned upon one set of supporters after another, and rent them— how he has toyed with, the Conservatives, flirted with the Liberals, and patted the Democrats on the . bade, ([only to kick and trample upen them each in their torn—how he has baited his hook with promises for every political party in the Prussian State, always successfully, and has cynically laughed at the credulous fish whenever they have claimed the fulfilment of his engagements to them. As Heine aptly says of leve, **es ist eine alte geschichte, doch bleibt sie ewig nen V -'tis an old story, bat it remains ever new i The Prussian National Liberals have been taken in by him as oompletely as though they had never before enjoyed any experience of Prince Bismarck's -peculiar predilection for the violation of his political pledges. Ton will remember that ' they passed the Repressive Bill for him on the distinct understanding that their party prin ciples were |to animate the economic policy of the Government, and that their acknowledged leaders (two or three of them at least) were to be summoned to the Chancellor's Councils as Ministers of State. Beonlgsen and Forokeabeck were designated by the party as candidates for office; Lssker, it was felt, would not do, by reason of his fretfulness, quarrelsomeness, and oensoriousness; besides, his blindest wor shippers were well aware that the old Emperor could never be coaxed or bullied into confirming the appointment of a Jew to a seat in the Cabinet—no, not even if that Jew were a notorious atheist, as is Lasker's case. The good Kaiser had truly signed the patents of both Aeheubach and Priedenthal, but then they were Christians in faith although Jews by extraction, so that His Majesty was able to set what be would consider to be original sin against con. vinced atonement, and to draw such a balance in ^favour of the latter as would justify his. conscience in permitting him to raise these talented children of Israel to the dignity of the portfolio. No such concession could be expected on his part in the case of Lasker, who, although he has privately renounced God, has never publicly abandoned the Jewish faith. Lasker, therefore, despite his brilliant abilities and sur passing party influence, was out of the question for office; bat the other gentlemen abovenamed, when they voted for the extirpation of Socialism at the expense of their whole lives' consistency, already in imagination felt their feet in the Ministerial stirrups, and were pleasantly greeted by their friends as " Excellencies in posse" "From this delusive dream of heavily em broidered blue swallow-tails, cocked bats fringed with gold, and the first class of the Bed Eagle Order, with star and oakwreath," their awakening was a rude and painful one. Scarcely was the ink dry with which Police President von Madai signed his first batch of confiscation and exmission warrants when an awful rumour reached the Liberal camp to the effect that the great Chance!lor was seriously contemplating the introduction of a protectionist policy, and that the very last thing he proposed to do was to reinforce his Cabinet by draughts from the National Liberal ranks. At first this romonr was poohpoohed with a somewhat sickly smile by the aspirants to Ministerial rank. The notion that such things could be appeared to them too dreadful to be admissible. Had they, tllATI flnlil Ibpir snnnfnrman'o WJvfV»virr"li4- oo w.«ll as their own, and were they not to be allowed even a humble sniff at the meBS of pottage for which they had basely bartered away the civil liberties that revolution had wrested from despotism in 1848-9 ? Little by little the dismal conviction forced itself upon them that, whilst they had slavishly kept their part of a bargain that was equally disgraceful to everybody engaged in it,|the other "party" entertained not the least intention of fulfilling his; and soon terrible confirmation of this conviction came to them in the shape of a rescript addressed te the Federal Council, wherein the virtues and benefits of protection as an economic principle were set forth in the Chancellor's own terse and trenchant diction, and it was plainly intimated to the. German nation that Prince Bismarck, although he might not have quite made up his mind whether it should be most desirable to adopt the system of protection pure and simple or that of reci procity treaties, had come to the conclusion that the moment had arrived for sounding free trade's death-knell. Imagine, if you can strain the tether of your fancy so for, the consterna tion of the Prussian, Bavarian, and Saxon Liberals! Bat no, it is impossible, not having witnessed it, to form any conception of its pro fundity and abjectness. The old year closed with this tremendous announcement. After lamenting and protesting until they had drowned their first anguish in a sea of words, the Liberals sought desperate con solation for their disappointment in the reflec tion that now at least they knew the worst that could happen to them, " We have drained," they wrote and said," the cup of bitterness to the dregs. There is nothing farther left for him to do in the way. of outraging our feelings. The introduction of protection will achieve the ruin of the country; we have reached the nadir of our humiliation and degradation." They were wrong. There still remained some bitter drops for them to swallow. Prince Bismarck had not nearly done with them. They had voluntarily assumed his yoke, and he speedily proved to them that he possessed an almost un limited capacity for adding to its weight and irksomeness. The new year opened with the transmission from Fredericksruhe to the Federal Council of a draft measure which, I may safely assert without being guilty of the least exaggeration, fairly appalled Germany when it reached pnblic cognizance, and strnck Europe dumb with astonishment for a day and night after the telegraphic wires had com municated it to the various capitals of civiliza tion. This amazing measure, to convert which into the law of the land the German Parlia ment will find itself called upon in due course of time, proposes in the Emperor's name that the Beichstag should curtail its own privileges, abrogate Parliamentary freedom of speech, and hand over to the secular arm for punishment any of its members who may, in the heat of debate, give expression to " offensive utterances." The poor Reichstag, in fact, is directed by this projet de loi to chastise its own flesh, to fetter its own limbs, and to insert a poire d'angoisse into its own month. It is also exhorted to prohibit the publication of such " utterances" as may be deemed "offensive" by a Bismarckian bu reaucracy in the German press, and to decree that euch publication shall constitute a crime punishable by fine and imprisonment. This latest "repressive" offspring of the Chancellor's brain evoked such a tempest of disapproval and reprobation from all parts of Germany as I have never witnessed during my many years' sojourn in the Fatherland. The Liberal, Progressist, Conservative, and Ultramontane journals were one and all unanimous in denouncing it as an unjustifiable and audacious encroachment upon the liberty of the subject, and a direct attack upon constitutional institutions — which it unquestionably is. Only the " Reptiles" stood np, or rather crawled and hissed in its favour. For once in a way they could not obtain a hearing, and were silenced by a mighty national shout of indignation. As soon as the Chan cellor found that he had raised a spirit which he could not quite see his way to exorcise, except by revoking his original incantation, he caused intimations to be published in the semi official organs to the effect that" he attached no great importance to the passing of the mea sure— indeed, he had thought to do the country at large and the Reichstag in particular a good turn by enabling the latter to punish its unruly members, and avert the repetition of disgraceful scenes such as had shocked and distressed all right-minded Germans during the past session; butt course, if the Reichstag did not choose to set its own house in order, and the country supported it in its disinclina tion to conduct public business in a decorous and respectable manner, he should not press the measure on the Parliament's acceptance." These allegations are at once plausible and ingenious; they have, indeed, but one radical defect, which is that they are untrue. Prince Bismarck does care very much about his last Draught Bill; he is, as I am assured, furiously indignant at the reception it has met with; but he recognises the inexpediency of endeavouring to cram such a nauseous and revolting Bill down the German nation's throat. The Brunswick Succession is lately become a gvestton IrrGlante, although, as the throne of that duchy is still occupied by a vivacious old gentleman who exhibits no symptoms of a growing disposition to vacate it either by death or abdication, a violent newspaper discussion as to who is to step into his shoes when they shall become vacant does appear somewhat premature snd in doubtful taste. German journalism is hard-hearted and heavy-footed. The worthy Dnke Augustus Lewis has never been a favourite with his countrymen, although they set him in his elder brother's seat by popular acclamation, and the Press, stimulated by official inspiration to canvass contingencies th« mere mention of which must be singularly disagreeable to_ a prince in his seventy-third year, has dealt with the question of tin heritage in the stolid but exhaustive manner peculiar to it. Moved by the public ventilation of so ticklish a subject to a sense that something unusual and spirited was expected of it, the Brunswick Diet took up the succession question a short time ago, and speedily framed a special Bill for the creation of a Begercy, in case'lhe legitimate heir to the ducal crown should he H absent Of hindered from faking Jnp-hfo Inheritance?~nt the -time of .ttie present Duke's decease., The real key to this extraordinary proceeding is the fact that the Duke of Cnfnhpriaad is heir-apparent to the Duchies of Brunswick and. Liinebourg. This unfortunate prince, who, if he' had his rights, ought to he King of Hanover at the present moment, has incurred the high displeasure of his despoilers. His first cousin' once removed, the Emperor of Germany sits in his seat, pockets his appanages, and spends his revenues. The German Chancellor, with the consent of the German Parliament, has sequestrated his private property, amounting to £2,400,000 invested in State securities, and applies the income derived from that sum to corrupting the German Press, maintaining spies in foreign capitals and sub sidizing the secret police. No ill-gotten money has ever probably purchased so much demoraliza tion in modern times as have the sixteen millions of thalers which are in reality as abso lutely the property of Ernest Augustas as Apsley House is that of Hie Duke of Wellington. The Duke shortly after his father died wrote to all the crowned heads of Europe (as is customary in such cases) notifying the late King's demise, signifying the style and title by which he himself had determined to be addressed, and intimating that he declined to forego any of his hereditary rights, although actual circumstances debuted him from exer cising them. One of these formal letters he sent to the Emperor of Germany, but addressed it to His Majesty by his second title only. "King of Prussia." How, without implying recognition of the regimd which has robbed and expatriated him, could he do otherwise? This luckless letter of his, however, galled the old Emperor's pride and eent Prince Bismarck into a paroxysm of fury. Kaiser Wilhelm is prone in his more jocular moments to speak in terms of humorous disparagement of his imperial dignify, but he fails to relish any alight upon it emanating from other lips than his own. I remember, some few years ago, that &n; in timate friend of mine, who has been attached immediately to His Majesty's person for nearly half a century, elicited a very fair joke from the venerable gentleman apropos of his then brand-new rank. Having noticed that the Emperor invariably signed all the State documents, patents, brevets, &c.;, "Wilhelm, Imp., Bex," my friend one morning ventured to ask His Majesty why be had adopted that formula in preference to sub scribing both the titles in fulL "Because," replied the Emperor, " I am only half Emperor of Germany; but, thank God ! I am still wholly King of Prussia." It would appear, however, that although he may choose to curtail his Imperial title he does not tolerate its total suppression by anybody addressing him in writing; for bis irritation against the Duke of Cumberland aroused by the latter's omission of the Caesarian predicate has been so violent that it has induced him to lend his authority to the Chancellor for the ungenerous, not to say nefa rious, purpose of altogether confiscating the Gnelphic Fund, to which the German Empire has no more claim, or shadow of a claim, than it has to the Crown jewels in the Tower of London. It is much to be deplored that the Emperor, whose nature is a kind and honour able one, shonid have so readily lent his ear to perfidious and dishonest suggestions. His personal prestige cannot bnt suffer through such an action. Until quite recently he has been sincerely desiroui of makiDg complete restitution to the son of his cousin-germane and intimate friend, whom he had deemed it unavoidable to thrust out of his kingdom into exile—that is, of course, resti tution of the moneys belonging to the late King George, which had fallen into the hands of Prussia when the Boyal Guelph fled from Her renhausen. The Emperor never dreamt of restoring Hanover to its rightful owner; bnt both he and the Crown Prince were genuinely anxious to get rid of the Duke's cash inheri tance (the retention of which was a standing reproach to them), especially as the bargain they hoped to make with His Royal Highness— viz., to buy his renunciation of his dynastic rights from him with his own money—was one exceptionally favourable to their interests. But these meritorious intentions have all vanished. The Duke has sinned too deeply to be forgiven by his Prussian relatives. He has docked the Kaiser of a title, and has married Princess Tbyra of Denmark to boot. These are offences of so heinous a character that Impe rial German justice pronounces them to be punishable by a fine of two millions and a half sterling and the forfeit-ore of a succession (that of BrnBswlck) to which the leading jurists of the Fatherland have just solemnly pronounced the Duke's legal title to be unassailable and irrefragable. Yes; not content with mulcting him of a regal crown and realm, the Duke's august despoilers and near kinsmen are about to further amerce him in a ducal diadem and domain. It is any odds upon his being done out of Brunswick and Liineburg as well as out of his money. The Duke of Cambridge is next heir after Ernest Augustus, and his claims will have to be considered by the Empire and by the duchy should the former succeed in inducing the latter to proclaim the Duke of Cumberland's forfeiture of the succession. If a Regent is to be chosen at the death of the present Duke our gallant Prince George is obviously the person to whom that office should be offered; nor, as I understand, will he allow himself to be passed over without lodging a formal protest against the illegality of the whole proceeding. The latest Bismarckian surprise is the revoca tion by the Emperor of Austria, at the express request of Germany, of Article V. of the Treaty of Prague. This coup was arranged when the betrothal of the Duke of Cumberland to tbe Princess Tbyra of Denmark became known at the Berlin Court, which chose to interpret the piojected alliance between two members of royal houses that had suffered grievous wrong and spoliation at the hands of Prussia as an anti-German demonstration. The chronic re minders advanced year after year in the Reichstag by the Danish populations of North Sehleswig with respect to the promise of re union with Denmark implied to them by that article of the Anstro-Prnssian Treaty of Peace were alwayB extremely irksome to the German Chancellor, who never entertained the least intention of carrying out the provisional engagement made in 1866, and regarded Mr. Hansen's successive motions' and interpella tions as vexations and impertinent. Austria, who is now completely emancipated fromRnssian influence, and has at length folly realized the necessity of basing her whole foreign policy en the exigencies of her alliances with Germany and Great Britain, granted with effusion the small favour solicited of her anent the renun ciation of her rights, mere shadows in them selves ; Germany asked and the thing was done. As no interest, direct or indirect, of Austria was prejudicedjby her obliging pliancy in this matter she can hardly be blamed from a political point of view, although it may he held to be scarcely compatible with her high honour to abandon her position as moral protector of people whom, in conjunction with Germany, she shamefully injured in 1864, and to whom, therefore, she owed every possible amends it might be in her power to offer them. Article V. was a Napoleonic contrivance devised to provide Austria with a handy pretext for quarrelling with Prussia when soever France should require the assistance of the Hap8bnrgs and Wittelsbachs to crumple up the North German Confederation, which Napoleon proposed to do at an early op portunity after the 1866 war, having failed to extort anything from Prussia as a quid, pro quo for his " benevolent neutrality " daring that momentous struggle. Benedetti and Gra in ont were the negotiators of this "reserva tion," which was inserted in the treaty at their urgent instance, and agreed to by Bismarck with admirable equanimity—for the excellent reason that he had then already resolved to crush France and unify Germany, so that the petty combinations of French, Austrian, and Southern German statesmen were utterly indifferent to him. In 1867 he showed his hand to poor Napoleon, upon the occasion of the Luxemburg imbroglio, and pat an end to some of that astute monarch's favourite illusions. Article V. of the Prague Treaty was practically a dead letter long before the commencement of the Franco-German war; bnt the collapse of the French Empire converted it into the mere ghost of a proviso—a ghost which has now been laid for ever by Prince Bismarck's masterful exorcision. Germany is painfully disquieted by the recent outbreak of the black death on the Volga, and is taking her precautions against its possible dissemination within her frontier with an energy that strikes terror into the hearts of Russian merchants, agriculturists, and fisher men. Her example is being punctually followed by Austro-Hungaiy and Boumania, so that Russian trade finds itself stricken by paralysis, and the paper currency of the white Czar promises to become a mere collection of assignats, valueless outside the territorial boundaries . of the Empire. Russia is in terrible trouble; she has attained, in fact,' the very nadir of her fortunes; wherefore she has chosen to pick a preposterous quarrel with H/niiYwiiia, and to make' another barefaced attempt to violate the Treaty of Berlin. Quern Deus vutt perdere, print denieniai! Prayers are being offered up for the safe delivery of Princesses Charlotte and Elizabeth, married here last spring; so our beloved Queen will soon be a great-grandmother. The Princess Henry of the Netherlands (n ie Princess of Russia) is also enceinte. Bride, wife, widowfand mother within & year—how stooge a lot is bees I 