THE WEEK. PARLIAMENTARY business has made fair pro- gress this week. There has been less of un- seemly wranglings than formerly, and hon. members show a disposition to settle down to the real work of the session. The Estimates for 1879-80 were tabled in the Assembly on Tuesday, and on the following day the Treasurer delivered his Financial Statement. The policy of the Government ia now dis- closed, and the public have an opportunity of forming their own judgment upon it without being misled by partisan journals whose evident object is to misrepresent the intentions and doings of Ministers, j It will he acknowledged by all candid persons that in the policy enunciated Mr. M'Il wraith has been thoroughly consistent with himself, and is in a way to carry out in all leading particulars the views he advocated when in Opposition and upon which he and his colleagues were returned by the constituencies to the Legislative Assembly and entrusted by that body with the government of the country. He has boldly faced the difficulties which stood in his path owing ?to the temporarily declining state of the revenue. Retrenchments in our overgrown civil service have been made where prac- ticable with an unsparing band, with the object of husbanding our resources in order to carry on further works with increased vigour. Having initiated a series of reductions in the cost of the various Government departments, and submitted proposals to Parliament for placing the finances upon a satisfactory foot- ing, the way is made clear for the carrying out of a bold and progressive policy in regard to public works, and a loan of £3,000,000 is proposed to be raised for the purpose. Of this amount, one-half. is for the extension of trunk lines of railway, and £300,000 additional for making branch lines. The £1,500,000 for main lines is intended to construct SOO miles of railway, being at an average cost of £3000 per mile. Thc Treasurer says the Government are willing to be bound within this limit as lo the rate ot cost, and in thus pledging themselves we do not under- stand that the extensions are to be carried out in a less substantial manner than hitherto ; but the principal engineering difficulties in the broken country uear the coast having been already surmounted, and the price of rails and other material greatly reduced, the lines may now be made at a very »much cheaper rate than hitherto. The Government in making railways have regard to the increased value which will be given to the unalicnated lande-the property of the State,-and confidently look forward to tho improved value of that property for the payment of interest on the money employed in making it accessible by means of railway J communication. Branch lines are also pro- posed where considered to be desirable for opening np the Crown lands to agricultural settlement and other profitable (nodes of occu- pation. The Darling Downs district is specially mentioned as a suitable locality for | branch lines, and we trust that the Clermont branob will not be overlooked, as it would poss through Crown lands well suited for ] agricultural settlement. Whether any branch lines are intended for the agricultural districts in the neighbourhood of Bris- bane and Ipswioh, where the lands are all alienated, we are not informed, but in such localities the enhanced value of the land benefited by the railway would put money into the pockets of the settlers abd other pri- vate laud-owners, and tbestate would not derivo any direct revenue therefrom. It will there- fore bo only prudent to toke caro not to initiate railways iu suoh districts unless good cause exists for relying upon their becoming reproductive at an early date or provision can be madeforaecuringthepaymentof interest by a district rate or some othermeans. The neglectof this precaution would create an interest charge upon the general taxation of the colony, and might render additional imposts necessary. THE acceptance ot Messrs. O'Rourke and M'Sherry's tender for the fourth section of the Ceuersl Railway at £1954 a mile, sets at rest the apprehensions which have been felt lest a stoppage of the works should occur during the change of system from that of small to large contracts, and justifies the belief that our future extensions will be carried out at a cost admitting of their becoming at once fully reproductive. THE Electoral Rolls Bill has made good pro- gress in Committee of the Assembly, but its further consideration stands adjourned to admit of amendments being introduced for the revision of rolls at every police court in a dis- trict, and not one only, as originally proposed in tho bill. Thc Mines Regulation Bill has boen debated exhaustively on the second reading, and is likely to pass sub- ject to alterations in Committee, which will i doubtless bc rather numerous, as the bill is not a party measure although introduced by tho Government. The Impoundings Bill has passed the Assembly and been read a first time in the Council. The Mineral Oils Bill, introduced in the Council, has been considered I in Committee, and thc Council hos fixed the flashing point of kerosene at 110 degrees, absolutely prohibiting the importation of oils below that standard of quality for illuminating purposes. It is satisfac- tory to learn that tho Government arc making arrangements for immediately throw- ing open land for selection in thc neighbour- hood of Emerald and other suitable localities along the central Railway. THE scats of Messrs. Miles and Kates for Darling Downs will shortly be declared vacant, tho Committee of Elections and Qualifications having decided that thc election was illegal in consequence of the withdrawal of Mr. William Graham's name from the list of candidates, after thc nomination, and without bis consent. Another election will therefore take place, and it is not improbable that Mr. Miles will bc set aside by the constituency in favour of their former member, Mr. Graham. Ox Tuesday last thc Committee of tho Rockhampton Jockey Club declared the weights for the thrco principal handicaps to he run at the forthcoming annual meeting of thc Club, on the 10th ami 11th of July. With a very few exceptions the public arc well satisfied with the imposts allotted, and those who profess to know speak of the handicaps as by far tho best ever produced in Rock- hampton- In addition to a large number of local nominations it is confidently expected a large number of Brisbane horses will visit us, which should make thc holiday a success beyond precedent. THE June sittings of the Central District Court opened Inst Monday before His Honor Judge Blake, Mr. P. Real prosecuting for the Crown. There was an unusually small calendar, only two cases being set down for tria1. Proceedings commenced with the indict- ment of Alexander Wood, for obtaining money by means of a false pretence. After a short trial the jury returned a verdict of guilty, and thc prisoner was sent to gaol for twelve months. The case against Samuel ii. Prince, fur .miisdcmcanour under the Insolvency Act, was prolonged by the jury boin-j unable in nïre\ They were locked np from 310 nil Tuesday afternoon until the following minimi: at nillo, when the verdict not lieinj arrived nt. his Honor directed their discharge, thc defendant being bound over to appear next sittings. The jurors were divided, so tve understand-eight for acquittal 'and fonr against. The fact of no accommodation being provided for incarcerated jurors was strongly commented opbythelearnea judge, the members of the legal profession, and the jurors them- selves. Acting upon the suggestion of a newly fledged barrister, thc jurymen were allowed thc run of the Court House for the night, a bale of blankets, intended for the aboriginals beiug conveniently situated, and thc approach to which His Honor said would be an act of inhumanity for an official to bar. The remainder of the week was occupied in discussing the merits of various civil causes, and amusement was afforded thc spectators when the panel was exhausted by the bailiff calling on the first eligible person that met his view to fill the vacancy. THE Police Court business has been very dull, there being but few names on the charge sheet. On Saturday a drunk and disorderly horseman who wouldn't go home when advised by his particular friends-the police-was was fined five shillings ; and the following day the Kanaka question was introduced. Six of the coloured gentry captured from a mob of twelve, were severally charged with drunken- ness, disorderly behaviour, assaulting, and resisting the police. The Police Magistrate, bearing in mind the numerous complaints regarding the behaviour, on Saturday nights in particular, of Kanakas when in town, fined them in substantial sums with terms of im- prisonment in default nf payment, which they are likely to remember. The following day, two Islanders named Tommy and Charlie, were committed for trial on a charge of assault, and the two subsequent days no caseB come on for hearing. THE Benevolent Society is now in the unen- viable position of impecunioBity-a position which occurred only once before, and it is to be hoped will never occur again. Several causes have conspired to produce this result, such os the depressed times and scarcity of demand for labour. Expenses of an unexpected oharacter connected with the new Benevolent Asylum have also made a cousiderable inroad upon the funds ; and to these causes may be added an unusual amount of sickness-sickness, indeod, in some instances the result of destitution. One or two cases of this character have been discovered, a very painful one being that of a Danish family of new arrivals living in a small hut in Archer-street. Their case was doubtless aggravated by inability to speak our language, but when their helpless condition waa known they were at once attended to. The great demand on thc funds of the Society has necessitated the resolution of giving only half the usual relief. It is to he honed that the income of the Society will Boon be BO im- proved that it will not be found necessary to continue so rigid a state of economy. THE Hospital has been so well managed by the present Surgeon, Dr. Campbell, that thc resignation of that gentleman has devolved a task of some difficulty on the Committee in choosing a successor. In reply to the adver- tisement, seven applications were received, the testimonials of the great majority being of a very high order. Dr. R. H. Paterson's appli- cation _ was accepted after lengthened con- sideration, and this gentleman's testimonials were of so distinguished a character, that we learn from credible authority that he hos been chosen as surgeon to several hospitals for which he applied. He was appointed to the Springsure Hospital, but withdrew his appli- cation. We noticed among the applications for the Rockhampton Hospital that of Patrick H. White, M.D., M.A. This gentleman's qualifications are also very high, and it is not improbable thatr if he so desires, he may be appointed to the Springsure Hospital. It is s matter for satisfaction that our. district is considered to have sufficient attractions for medical gentlemen oi superior attainments. TUE weather is fine, and cold enough to be seasonable. A day's light rain during the week was unpleasant enongh in town while it lasted, but it has probably done some good to the growing oats, and hos kept up the requisite supply of moisture. The reports from the varions stations, to nine o'clock yesterday morning, show fine weather over the colony, such expressions en "light fine," "fine," "cold," "foggy," kc, being repeated. The rainfall for the week was ¡-At Rockhampton, 0't7; Keppel Bay, 0-70; Marlborough, TOO; St. Lawrence, 010 ; Clermont, 0'45. TUE old saying, " It never rains but it pours," is illustrated with us in the matter of amusements. For months we had nothing more exciting than an occasional amateur entertainment or a tea meeting, but since then there has succeeded a plethora of amuse- ments. First, Batchclder's Diorama and Chalet, then Baker and Farron ; and now Miss Clara Stephenson's Company and ".Carlton's Ghost." Both the latter enter meats are so good that it is a pity they had not visited the town at eeparate times. How- ever, while they Btay, the people cannot com- plain of dull evenings. GLASS CLOTHING.- It may seem a trans- parent falsehood to state that people wear glass clothing, but this sort of apparel may yet come into use. Glass would seem to bc about the last thing to think of as clothing, but it is nevertheless true that glass-cloth is being made in Germany. At Guadonfroi. the artist and gloss-spinner, A. Prengc), of Vcinna, has established Iiis gloss business, offering carpets, cuffs, collars, veils, Sc., of glass. He not only spins but also weaves glass before the eyes of the people. The otherwise brittle glass he changes into pliable threads, and uses them for making good, wann clothing. It sounds like a myth, but Mr. Prcngel introduces certain ingredients, which aro his secret, and thereby changcB the entire nature nf the glass. He has just finished a white curly glass muff for a lady in St. Peters- burg. He charges forty thalers (£30) for them. Also ladies' hats of gloss, with glass feathers. A remarkable feature of this gloss material is that it is lighter than feathers. Wool made of gloss cannot he distinguished from the genuine article. Mr. Prengel's glass inventions are something so extraordinary and useful for clothing, &c;, as f loss is a non-con- ductor, that it will probably cause an entire revolution in dress material. A CLEVER IMTOSTÜRE.- Visitors to Nop'cs during the past season must frequently have noticed on the Via Toledo-one of the finest and most frequented streets- an old woman, bent under the weight of years, clad in wretched mourning, creeping past tho linc of shops, like a moving bas-relief, and sometimes halting at a corner. She wore a tattered bonnet on her head, a thick black veil over her features, and a pair of ragged gloves on her fingers. She never spoke, she never put out her hand for charity, but took with a kind of growl whatever small coin the passengers might vouchsave her. That old woman's gains were 20f. per diem ; but who was she? Noone could tell, and she never answered questions. .She seemed a spectre in the throng of Vanity Fair-an uncomfortable intruder whom the butterflies of fashion were only too glad to pay and get rid of. The other day a couple of Municipal Guards laid hands on her, and bundling her into a cab, took her off to thc Mendicant's House. One of the female attendants stripped her, when suddenly, from the filthy, fetid, envelope of rags, emerged, Cinderella-like, a lusty young woman, considerably on this side of thirty, fr .sh-cnlourcrl, fat, and prepossessing. Her make up was a marvel of effect. Her curved spine was "arranged" with a cord wich passed round her nevk, and was fastened at the knee. Her hum]) was manufactured from a boll of rn^H : lipr wrinkled and dirty white face was mautuicil with imitation parchment. On inquiry it was found that thia young woman was of good family, aud that the gains she so cleverly earned were brought regularly home to ber parents, who kept ii night-honac where scenes of tho most unhallowed revelry were kept up till all hours of tho morning. 