Under iln» ijalqottg. by little bo-peep. j " Let ruios be (ix'il that may onr vage contain, Ami punish faults with a proportioned pain ; And do not slay him who deserves alone A whipping for the fault that he has done." It was a rash, act of mine to invito correspon dence. I am overwhelmed with queries, on. all kinds of subjeots, and requests to notice this, that,' and the other abuse, &c.; I waut to give, my cor- . .respondents "notice - that only the public actions. of public men" will be criticised by nic. People who want to give vent to private spite or ill feeling will have to find some -other cat's paw to do their dirty work. To my lady correspondents I would say that I have neither the time nor the ability to answer such questions as the fallowing letter contains (I give it verbatim ) " Dear Bo-peep, do tell mo liow I am to gut my young man to come to the pint. He has been kuepiu' koinpauy with me for six months, and as said nothiuk as yet. Would you advise me to string auoLher young fellow on who is quite williu'. This might bring the right one for. rail. Yours tiuly ." Now girls, don't send mo any more letters of this kind, or to the waste paper basket they must go. As it is I am iu the position of the poor editor- An ecncpr sat on uis lorcy scooi (A long goose quill was behind his ear), And letters before liim from knave and fool, In poumausliip not very clear. I AM glad to see the laidies have united in real woman's work— the relief of the destitute. I hope every success will attend their-'. charitable -efforts, and that their joining together for a kindly and charitable object will lead them to lay aside some . of the many petty jealousies which disturb the peace of the community. There are a few very destitute bachelors that ought to he cared for— weH meaniug young men who sigh over buttonless ' shirts anil groan over uudarued socks. AVhat a field for the energies of the young lady members of the society. I shall be only too glad to receive a deputation from the committee, preparatory to my being put iuto thorough repair. At present lam a tliiug of " slifeds and patches," with only a shirt aud .a half to my name. It was with a feeling of disappointment I left the Masonic Hall after the church meeting on Thursday. I went expecting a little excitement and fund. Naturally, I thought those cowardly individuals who write newspaper letters and throw dirt at their neighbours under the safe cover of an anonymous sigualure would have had the maiili- liness to come forward and say their say, anil that 1 we should have had a fair aud above boald free fight : but, no, the only burning question seemed to be pew. renta or no pew rents. I never could see why one man should have the right to buy ' eighteen inches., of the Gospel in a reserved seat, while another should, as a speaker said, have to sit among tlie "larrikins" because his purse was uot as long as his neighbours. Iu church one man's as good as another — the Captaiu suggests "perhaps better." Cue' thing struck me as strange,' there was no expression of thanks to either £he chairman or his zealous coadjutor Mr. Downer. Although such men do uot work for praise, yet it is gratify ing Ao know that their efforts are appreciated. I've heard of heart's unkind, kind 'deeds With coldness still returning; Alas, the qratitnde of men Hath often left uie mourning. If we can only induce the Clerk of the Weather to eusure us three fine days next week the show will be a very creditable one. Exhibits have poured in freely, aud the sinews of war (the £ s. d.) will not be lacking. The two " busy bodies," as they were called by ouc of your correspondents, have proved themselves the right sort of busy bodies. If some of the dull, phlegmatic committee men would wake up aud follow their example it would be all the better. A happy thought strikesme. Could the Secretary be induced to euter himself as an exhibit in the suite of steel armour iu which he; lately ap peared as the ghost. The costumes of Hamlet aud Horatio would be au interesting addition iu the Fine Arts section, aud, if for the benefit of the society, those unapproachable votaries of Thesbia could be induced to repeat the " Ghost sceue, 1 en gage to "lade" the way at the head of au admir ing nnd appreciative audieuce. The performance might be concluded by au exhibition by our local Professor of flying of his new aerial machine, aud, if he "could be induced to add a couple of songs — for iustauce, "I vant to fly," aucl " Here we go up, up, up, and here we come down, down, down" —it would be a big draw. 1 admire the way in which New'Englaudcrs always stand up for their district. Down at Breezathe other day a Liverpool Plains man was blowing about the magnificent grass grown on the black soil plains.. "Ten feet 'long, sir, if it's an inch ; you can knot it over your head as you ride along, and I've known a team of bullocks turned ont and not found, for a week." " Pshaw," replied our friend, " That's nothing to wbafc we can show in New England. There are paddocks round Glen Innes that if you turn your horses into at night, you bet, you'll oiev&F; see them again I" The following has been sent; to me, aud vouched for as a fact :— In a cemetery, not a hundred miles from Glen Innes, there are several graves, the names of the occupants of which are unknown. Several of the parish officers paifl a visit of inspection to the cemetery a short time ago, to arrange about re pairs to fences, &c.; Said one, "It's very awkward not knowing whose graves these are. AVhat do you think, Mr. Churchwarden, we had better do about them ?" " Faith, I don t well know," was the an- . swer ; "unless we advertise iu the papers for thim that buried to come and show their graves 1" mr. AV. Bede Christie's letter, anient the Dorcas Society, has created quite a flutter of excitement both in town and abroard. At the close of the week the folio- wing extraordinary telegram is said to have boo received by my vacillating friend from a certain town in Queensland, marked "'collect": \- " Can yon inform me whether Dorcas Society is formed upon sumo basis as one extant iu Shrews bury. Englaud. Have been recipient of latter's bounty. Grand institution. ' Fine mellow port, excellent llavanna's. .Could then take double ; backed Librator last year's Gi aud National, but scratched at post. Please advise, and self and family (eighteen) will start for Glen Innes at once. AVill society advance a little to help us on road," New Zealand papers state that on the voy-. age of. the Wave Queen to AAreIlington, the ciiief officer, Mr, B. Smith, a relative of the cap tain, suddenly exclaimed "Good-bye" to those on the poop, and jumped overboard. This was on the, 11th March. For some days previously he had refused to do duty, and appeared des pondent- He sank at once, and all efforts to save hi m were fruitless. On the 30th March, when . off Tasmania, a terrific sea broke on board carrying away everything moveable, and wash ing a saloon passenger, Mr. Graham, overboard. A line was thrown him, which he grasped, but lie let go before lie could be pulled aboard. He was married' just before the ship left, and his wife was on board. Two children also died on the voyage. 