NEWS OF THE DAY. Ministers are actively engaged in preparing estimates for the departments, and in arrang ing for the meeting of Parliament. Deputa tions crowd upon them, and point out various ways in which the public money may be spent. They do not, however, show how the cash is to he raised. This ib left to Ministers, and it is tho one point of the business of which they would be gladly relieved. It is understood that Mr Stawell, a son of the Chief Justice, will Bucceod Mr A. D, Michie »b associate to his Honor, Mr Micliie commences practice as an attorney, having re cently been admitted, Mr Stawell arrived from England by the mail steamer on Tues day, The Sydney Evening News of Monday pub lishes the following item of cable news : — "Sir Gsorge Bowen's Conduct. — London, 10th April, The Secretary of State for the Colo nies, Sir Micbael-Hicks Beach, intimated to Mr Berry, in the course of an interview on the Victorian embassy question, that the Govern ment opposed the conduct of Sir George Bowen throughout the conflict." This message would seem to have been suppressed in Mel. bourne. The shareholders of the Colonial Bank had a pleasant half-yearly meeting to-day, when the business, including the usual declaration of dividend, was run through in a few minutes. There was an unusually good assemblage, the room beingquitefull, and the chairman, thohon. W.J. Clarke, referred with gratification to the encouragement afforded by this sign of the lively interest taken in thebank. In general, full mectingB are taken as an indication of a stormy barometer, but all was in a cordial simmer on this agreeahlo occasion. The Full Court sat to-day for a short timo, and made a formal decree for judicial separation In a case of Savior v Sevior, which waa heard some time since. The court gave judgment in a mining ease of Hogg v. Atkinson, dismissing the appoal from the decision of Mr Justice Moles- worth. Judgment was also given in an appeal from a refusal of the same judge to se questrate the estate of Honry Allen, of Prince's street, Fitzroy, Into publican. Tho ground of tho refusnllwas that tho petitioning creditor, Mr Alexander Josko, wine and spirit merchant of Little Collins stroet, omitted to stato that a certain unsatisfied judge ment, which was tho causo of insolvency alleged, was for a debt, as distinguished from damages. Tho court allowed the appeal, and revorscd the order of Mr Justice Moles- worth, Several of tho Ministers loft to-day for Lnncefield to bo present at tho oponing of tho bridge in that locality. Mr Patterson was, however, unable to go. Messrs M'Bain and Clark (Wimmera) pre- , sontecl a letterto thohon the Minister of LandB from tho Dunmunklo Shiro,pray ing that a num ber of water borers bo sent to tho Wimmera for the purpose of sinking wells in that dis trict, as great inconvenience is oxporioncod by the selectors for want of water. Tho lotter suggested that different places Bhould bo tested so as to have a number of wells sunk. Mr Longmora thought tho demand a reasonable one, and promised to have some of the horors Bent on Friday. The cost he estimated to be £250 for each. Tho first trial ha considered should be 10 miles from St Arnaud, and then tho other parts of tho district could be tested afterwards. He also promised that if the results of tho boring wero successful he would recommend a voto of £5000 for this this purpose to Parliament, and in anticipa tion of tills being passed ho would have four or fivo more borers made for tho use in tho Wimmera District. Tho following tender was accepted by the Public Works dopartmont, to-day For the construction of a goods-shod at Qtioonscliffe J. T. Holt, £41. . Wo regret to learn that Mrs Gatehouse, the wife of Alderman Gatehouse, expired at her husband's residence, SouthYarra, this morn ing, at about seven o'olock. Mrs Gatehouse was a very old colonist, who haB witnessed the progress of Melbourne almost from its earliest infancy. The deceased lady had been ailing for some time past, but had only boen seriously ill for threo days. A gentleman, named Ryland, who is an nrchitoct, stated in the City Court this morning, that ho had a greet experience of Industrial School boys for yoars, and ho found that when turned on tho world they were almost as helpless as babes unborn. He was led to make those remarks because of a paragraph which appeared in The Herald of last Thursday, which roforred to a boy named James Ramsden, who wa9 then charged with vagrancy. Ho had known this boy in the schools, and believed ho would be willing to do work if ho could got it to do. Mr Call said that was all nonsense. Boys of the prisoner's age (between 15 and 16) in this colony could always get work if they likod to look for it. Market gardeners would only be too glad to obtain lads like him. However, as Mr Ryland said ho would look after him, he would be discharged. Mr Coroner Candler held an inquest this morning at tho Pentridge prison on tho body of a youthful prisoner, nineteen years of ago, named James Moloney, who was undergoing a sentence of two years' hard labor for robbery in company. Ho was received at Pentridge on the 4th October, 1878, and was taken into the prison hospital on the 28th March, 1879, and died on Tuosday last from inflammation of the lungs. On Monday night last, whilst Constable Paice was arresting a rough at an hotel in High street, St. Kilda, one of a half-drunken lot that was there threw a pint pot at the constable, which, fortunately for him, struck the peak of his cap, and bounced off ; the peak saving him from receiving a nasty blow on tho head. The constable waB in ovidont danger of being further assaulted, when Sergeant Bass camo and rendered timely as sistance. The offender is known, and proceed ings will be taken against him, and it is hoped that he will bo dealt with as he richly deserves. A case of some importance to pawnbrokers was heard at tho City Court, yesterday, in which Lewis Cober, carrying on business in Madeline street, Carlton, was summoned by Detectivo Nixon, for a broaoh of the 35th section of the Pawnbrokers' Act — that is to say, " having taken a pledge from a person apparently under the age of fourteen yoars." It appeared from the evidence, that, on the 29th of March last, the house of ono John Patterson, a wood and coal dealer, in Barry street, Carlton, was broken into, and a silver watch, a chain, and gold nugget stolen there from, The watch and chain wore traced to the defendant's shop as having been pledged there, the day of the robbery, by Thomas Waugh, a boy under 13 years of age. Waugh swore, in answer to a question asked by de fendant, that lie would not be 13 years of age till 24th of Juno next ; in this he was borne out by his father, who was summoned as a witnesB. For tho prosecution, Detectivo Nixon stated that when tho property was traced, tho defendant described tho offender as 17 or 18 years of age, 5ft. 5 or Gin. high, dress and complexion unknown, and identification doubtful, Tho bench, after deliberating, fined defendant £10. Mr Daly, who appeared for the defonce, gave notice of appeal, David Gosling, Daniel Kennedy, and Ann Bcrgin were brought before tho Hotham bench thia morning, charged with unlawfully assaulting one William Holding. Tho prose cutor was walking along the Flemington road with a hare in his hand, when Gosling and Kennedy camo up and attomptod to seize it, alleging that it was their property. Hold ing Btruck Gosling on the head with the hare, and gave him a sound thrashiug. At tills point the defendant Bergin came on the Bcene, and seeing the complainant holding Gosling down on the ground, sho belaboured him about tho head with a stick. In dofenca, this morning, Gosling said that somoono had stolen a hare from him, and that ho thought he recognised the ono in Holding's possession as his property. The bench fined Gosling 20s and 23s costs ; Kennedy, 10s, and 23s costs and Bergin 2s Gd, and 23s costs. In another column will bo found the report and balance-sheet of tho National Bank of Victoria for tho pa, t half-year. These docu ments show that a large and profitable busi ness lias been transacted by the bank ; and will, no doubt, bo esteemed highly satisfactory to tho shareholders. At the Fitzroy Police Court this morning, Sarah J. Kay and Elizabeth Burns were charged with insulting behavior. Constablo Mason gave the prisoners a very bad character, and they wero both sent to gaol for one month, A man, giving the namo of Williams, was arrested on Tuesday night at Sandridge, on a charge of passing valueless oheques. Jie was charged with only two oases— ono chequo pnBsed upon Mr Pnsqnan, restaurant- keeper, and tho other on Mr Rhodes, of tho Bay View hotel. When brought up yesterday he was remanded to Monday at the request of the police; and it is believed that quite a number of cheques have been passed by him both in Melbourne and Sandridge. A decrepit-looking old woman, named Mary Anne Griffiths, on remand, was charged thia morning at Fitzroy with being a disorderly woman of immoral character, Tho bench sen tenced her to three months' imprisonment, Elizabeth Cole was brought up at the Fitzroy Court to- day, on remand, oh a charge of stealing a pair of boots. On the applica tion of Sergeant Ronnie, a further remand was granted, in order that tho articles might be identified. In the course of the hearing of a charge of insulting behavior against a young man named F. E. Baker, at Sandridge, this morning, a stick was produced in court which had been ingeniously converted into a weapon of a novel and dangerous nature. Into the top of the stick, which was feruled, a oorksorew nad boon driven upto the head, so that the handle of tho corktcrew formed a handle to the Btlck with a sharp heavy steel spike on ono of the arms. The magistrate ordered its confiscation an. a dangerous weapon. At the Fitzroy Police Court this morning, a young girl, named Fanny BInok, of rather prepossessing appearance, waa charged, on summons, with using obscene language. She is the occupant of a house in Marion street, to which the police give a very bad character. Black admitted the charge, but said she "was under the influence of drink at tho time, and didn't know what she was saying." A fine of 40s was inflicted, or one month's imprison ment, tho bench refusing to allow time. So Mr Berry has failed I (writostho Sydnoy Echo.) Tho great Embassy will return empty-handed. No Imperial Bill to coerco the Upper House will occupy a corner in Mr Berry's portmanteau, or bo flourished ad miringly before the faces of his delighted Par liamentary majority. Not only has the hope of an Enabling Act vanished like a dream, but there is not even a scheme, or the suggestion .of a scheme, which he can bring but with him as having the recommendation of English poli ticians. All that Mr Berry has got is goo advice, which is about the lost thing he thought ho wanted. Ho has been told to go' back and lot the colony #do for itself what it is capablo of doing —viz., govern itself. Tho advice is, of course, a reproach. When Mr Berry turned his back upon the colony there was ringing in his ears the ovorturo from the Legislative Council. Any modornte statesman would havo listened to that overture gladly, and worked it into harmony. But Mr Borry was destined to set an example, and ho has ful filled his destiny. IIo has tried his hand on English statesmen, and has found that Ms Jieculiar cunning has been thrown away. Ho as been listenod to attentively and rospect- fully. But tho more ho explained tho more ho Bliowed thnt ho hod no caso. Ho has mot with tho inevitablo reply that tho question wos a local and not an Imperial one. He has taken the dirty linen homo from the colony to wash it in London, and has boon adviBed to uso Y.rra water, and not Thamos water, for that purpose. Tho Ballarat Courier states that a peouliJr instance of the chanceB of luok occurred in connection with the St. Peter's art-union. It appearo that Mr W. R. Parker, of Kangaroo Flat, who has some oxtonsiro contracts for tank-sinking in tho Riverina district, took a hook of twenty tickets to dispose of while up country. He only succeoded in selling nine teen ; the ono remaining he brought homo and gave to his wife. This ticket took tho first prize, valued at the roducedrato of drawing at £200. Mr Parker only heard of his good luck on his return from New South Wales on Saturday last. He preferred cash to piotureB, ' and on drawing the amount, less 5 per cent., yesterday, he very generously handed to tho secretary a chequo for £5 for tho honofit of the church. Wo are sorry to hear that this affair is likely to bo anything but profitablo to the church funds, and that it has been rendered still worse by tho conduct of some agents, who have sold tickets (one of them to a very largo amount) and failed to Bettle up for them. Thero is a very hard name for robbing a church, and tho difference between robbing it , direct and soiling something for it and' failing to account for tho proceeds is vary small. Mr Berry, the Democrat Premier of Mel bourne, who comes over to Bet tho colonial Constitution right, by invoking tho authority of the Homo Government, has mot with a rebuff. Ho was naked (says tho British Mercantile Gazette) where waB the other side ? Why woe not the Legislative Council, against which he put in a complaint, permitted a rep- resentativo at tho Colonial Office to advocato its position ? Ha could make no reply, but that the Legislative Council wore in opposition, and that ho therefore, hoing in office, could not consistently supply tho means for their representation in this country. Ho was askod, why thou did he eomo over himself on a one sided agument ? What could he offer in reply ? Nothing to tho purpose. So ho will return as he came. The Geelong Advertiser relates that a rather ingenious manner of ascertaining tho wants of the " bereaved " public has evidently been hit upon by those gentlemen who set out in Roman and Old English cha racters, on marble, the name, pedigree, etc., of those who nave gone to their long homes. A yonng lady having occasion, on attaining the " full age of 21 years," to in sert in a Melbourne newspaper an advertise ment that she would apply for probate of the will of her late father, waa a few days after wards the recipient of a circular sotting out tho virtues of the tradesman's monuments. This would have been right enough, probably, bad the deceased parent only recently de parted this life ; but as he had died a few years after tho young lady was born, tho en terprising marble merchant was a little behind the fair. Referring to the victim of a recent football accident, the Ballarat Star writes Young Stratton still ooutinuos in a dangerous stato. A change for the worse set inoarly on Wednes day morning, but as the day wore on matters somewhat improved, and his medical atten dant pronounced him slightly better. How ever, the injuries the intestines have received are of so severe a nature that it is impossible so far to say what may be the ultimate result. Abject quiet is insisted upon by tho doctor, ' so sympathising frionds will act a kind part in forgoing visits to tho Bufferer. Tho Sydney Evening Newsstates that during tho premiership of Sir O. Cowper, a record was published, showing the fate of bushrangers in this colony, from March, 18G2, to June, 1872. The perusal of this record may not be edifying in the Bense of giving instruction ; but the recent Hatfield episode, resulting in the sentencing to doath of four men, draws atten tion once more to the way in which these criminal enterprises are put down. Tho dreary catalogue runs thus : — November, 18G2, Alexander Ross and Charles Ross, executed ; December, Henry Manns, executed; August, 18G3, Frederick Lowry, shot dead while resisting apprehension ; James Cum- mings, shot (supposed by his brother whilo aiming at the police) ; September. James Murphy, killed while robbing Wilding's station ; October, Michael Burke, shot dead by Mr H. M. Keightly; Henry Wilson, executed; December, John O'Meally, Bhot dead by Mr D. H. Campbell ; Thomas M'Cann, oxecutod ; April, 18G5, Daniel Morgan, shot dead at Peaeholba ; May, Benjamin Hall, shot dead by police ; John Gilbert, Bhot dead by police ; December, John Dunn, executed;.! anuary, 18G0, Charles Donnelly, shot dead by polico : April, Patrick Connell, shot dead by police ; William Fletcher, shot dead by Constable O'Grady ; May, John Malley, alias Jack in the Boots, wounded by police, and sentenced to 12 years on the roads ; James Crookwell. alias Bromloy, executed ; John and Thomas Clarke, executed; John Foran, wounded while attempting, to escape, and sentenced to fifteen years on tho roads ; October, Ralph Day, shot dead by the police ; William Brooking, alias Russell, wounded and sentenced to death ; Charles Pearson, alias Starlight, wounded anil sen tenced to death (commuted) ; September, 1869, William Rutherford, alias lledford, mortally wounded by Mr O. Beauvais; May, 1870. Frederick Ward, alias Thunderbolt, shot dead by Constable A. B, Walker, Frank Gardiner was keeping a miserable grog-shanty in Oali- fornia after his release, and his circumstances are not improving now. Tho Ballarat Courier states that a magnifi cent haul of perch was made yesterday, in Fisken's dam at Lai Lai, by Messrs- Coulter, Taylor, Stevens, and Whitohouao, They fished tho lower _ half of the dam, and suc ceeded in landing thirty, three fish, which weighed altogether not less than 701b. Tho largest fish was about 41b in weight— perhaps a trifle under ; while there wore none leHS tlian jflh. Tho baits used were minnows and Bmall perch. Tho take is certainly ono of the finest ever obtained in tho colony, and many gentle men who saw tho fish said they never remem bered as fine a haul in the old country. Wo (Scientific American) have roeeived several letters from correspondents narrating instances of tho telephone's reporting mossages from neighboring telegraph wires. In answer to numerous queries as to tho causo of this, wo would say that it is occasioned by the in ductive effect of the electric currents on wires near and parallel with tho main lino with which the telephone is connected. The uso of two wires for tho telephone (parallel and near together) would bo very apt to neutralise this effect oi other wires, by causing it to act in opposite directions, through tho spool wire in the telephone, which would of course have its two terminal wires connected direct with the two line wires and bo indopsndont of any earth connection. The Sydney Echo writes : — According to the calculation made upon tho boais of tho new railway map ef Victoria, ehowicg "all land which ie within ten miles of a railway station" in thnt colony, the aroa of ouch land is 12,265,856 acres. In comparison to these figures wo find that fn New Suuth Wales we havs now about 9,033,280 acres of landBituatod within 10 miles of railway stations; andon com pletion of the threo extensions now in con struction, and assuming that there will be a smaller proportionate nnmber of stations tberson, we Bhall have a total of not Iosb than 11,505,280 acres of land placed under similarly favorable conditions as regards proximity to railway stations, In Victoria stations (and platforms) average about one station to evory even miles. In New South Wales about one to every 5 miles— on tho Wes- tern line one to every 4J miles. Consequently our moro numerous stations are available to a larger area of land. Victoria has about 50 per cent, moro miles of lino open than we havo ; but as against this fact it is only fair to remember that our lines have necessarily been more coBtly in construction ; in round numbers, perhaps twice as costly. And even now we have not done with that class of work, as the extensions of tho Northern lino now open to contract will bear witness to. TheBendigo Advertiser writes:— MrD'Aroy Read proprietorof the ghost show, which has re cently been exhibiting at tbo Maaonlo Mall, has been placed In a very awkward predica- ment by the sudden disappear.'1"?? U'8 'i'18'" neBS manager, Mr W. S. Medea."0'. Ghost performances had had a long and miriy pro sperous run in this city, and as a cOu seauonco of tho prolonged stay a good deal of b'Ponse had been incurred in tho way of rent for' 'no Masonlo Hall, printing, etc. An agreement had been entered into botweon Mr Road and Mr Modcalfo to the effect thnt the latter should have charge over all tho proceeds of the entertainments, and after paying all inci dental expenses, such ns advertising, printing, bill posting, etc., wnB to hand over two-thirds of tho profits to Mr. D'Arcy Read. All ap pears to havo gone smoothly until tho final performance on Saturday ovoning last, when contrary to custom, Mr. Modcalfo did not put in an appearance. Attho close of the perform ance Mr. Read took no notico of tho matter at first, thinking Modcalfo would turn up on Sunday. This expectation was not fulfilled, however, and on Monday Mr. Read was served with sovoral bills, attached to which wero summonses, for various amounts. Some . theso debt oases wore hoard in tho Polieo Court yesterday, Mr Brown appearing for tho defence in each coso. It was attempted to bo shown that Read was not responsible for the amounts, having leit all his business trans actions to Medcalfo, and the defendant sworo that ho had not known anything about tho accounts unpaid, until servod with the summonses on Monday. Verdicts were, how ever, roturned in each case, the justioes pre siding being Messrs, Holmes and Holds- worth, There is perhaps no more_ deadly enemy to the kangaroo in Australia than Mr Henry Bracker, of YVnroo. Within the last two years more kangaroos have fallen to hjs gun, and those of tho party organised by him, than to any similar number of ' "shootists'' in theso colonies (says tho Brisbane Courier). Wo havo been favoured with a synopsis of tho last Waroo battue, at which 14 guns wore cm- ployed, when 8088 kangaroos, seven horses, and five dogs were killed, at an expen diture of 11,378 cartridges. This gives the high avorage of ono death to each 1 2- 5 tli cartridge. Tho shooting through out was remarkably good, and somo of tho averages very high — for hiBtanco, Sutherland scores 656 kangaroos and one horse to 7-11 car tridges ; Mr Bracker, G56 kangaroos and ono horse to 1000 cartridges: Bitz, 3-11 to 400 car tridges ; and W. Bracker, 590 to G85 car tridges. The highest avorage was 1£ car tridge per kangaroo, and the lowest 1?,. Tho shooting ie considered the more remarkable that tho kangaroos aro scarce in the district now comparod with previous battues, when they faced the line of shooters in droves of Beveral thousands, A woll-equippod and ex perienced party, such as Mr Bracker has now got together, would soon reduce the mar supial pest to tho smallest minimum in any district. Tho Musical World says :— Messrs Robert and James Kennody sons of "the Scottish vocalist," havo left London for Milan, in order to study -the vocal art under tbo best Italian macBtri. The other members of the family are en routs for South Africa, to give a series of concerts, which will extend over six monthB. A Copenhagen correspondent writes to tho Pall Mall Gazotte : — I hoar from a perfectly tiuBtworthy source that on tho occasion of the departure of tbo Duke and Duchess of Cum berland, the Prussian Government took the necessary menBures to havo the Duke accom panied and wateliod by a number of detective officers, from tho moment of his landing at Lubeck until his arrival on Austrian territory. ThiB having come to the knowledge of the Duko, his Royal Highness at onoe telegraphed to London to call upon tho Government to remonstrato with tho Court of Berlin against the indignity of a Prince of tho Eng lish Royal family and the eisterof tho Princess of Wales being treated like runaway felons; and it was only in consequence of the strong representations made at Berlin by tho British Ambassador that orders were given at lost to allow the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland to proceed on their journey without having a guard of police spies attached to thoir suite. This is anothor proof of the excosB to which tbo Prussian Government carries its hatred of the Duko of Cumberland and all related to him. Classes havo been formed (says Truth) with the object of imparting to the London metro politan body of police a knowledge of somo of the elementary branches of surgery. In the course of their instruction they will be taught tho various affections that may cause a man to fall down and lose consciousness and their symptoms ; how to dress a wound or bandage a fracture roughly ; tho proper method of adjusting tho sufferer upon the stretoher, and tho best way of carrying them when so adjusted. These roforms can not fail to provo of considerable advantage to the victims of accidents, to whom the time einpsing between the occurrence of the casu alty and the arrival of tho surgeon is one of unmitigated agony. Should this highly praise worthy movemcn thave good roBul ts— as, indeed, it can scarcely fail to do— we shall certainly have cause to congratulate ourselves upon the pos session of a vigilant body of civil officers who, in the event of accidents, can employ their energies far moro profitably than by Btaring idly at the prostrate figure and objurgating the lookers-on. That famous $50,000 cow which was so much talked about in this country a few years ago, has found a rival in point of proportionate pecuniary worth in a $502 chicken. Tho Eng lish Agricultural Gazette says that a game cock was recently sold for the above exceBBive price, and suggests that in the future the raising of such chickens would provo a very lucrativo source of incomo. J|he same journal, we (Scientific American) notice, says that over $13,000,000 worth of eggs were imported into England in 1876, and yet the supply was short of tho demand. Here is an opening for poultrymen, and a wider field for inventors of egg-preserving processes and cgg-carrying devices. The Dublin Nation, of 15th March, says : — Dr JmneB George Boaney, F.R.C.S.E., M.R.I, A., Special Commissioner of Hospitals to Her Majesty's Government of Victoria, Australia, has returned to the Sholbourno Hotel. Tho patents lately granted in Germany for inventions in connection with the art of war include one for a range-finder, by which dis tances can ho ascertained without the necessity of measuring a base. Tho instrument' (says the Pall Mall Budget) consists of a telescope, in which are arranged threo wires, two vertical and one horizontal ; tho two former hoing ad justed very accurately at a certain distance apart. Tim telescope rests in a stand, the lower part of which moves round a horizontal table. When it is required to measure the dis tance of an object tho telescope is dirocted upon the latter so that the left-hand wire exactly cuts or coincides with some well- defined part of it, this particular portion of the distant object being also brought into the neighbourhood of tho horizontal wire. Tiio telescope ia then turned with its stand until the right-hand wire cuts the same part of the object, The greater tho distanco of the latter the_ larger will bo tho amount of displacement which it will bo necessary to give tho tele scope, and this being shown by tho movement of tho stand on tho horizontal table the dis tanco can be read off from a scale marked on tho latter, Tbo regular monthly meeting of the County of Bourke l'ermhnent Building Society was held on Wednesday evening, at the socioty's office, 81 Collins street west ; George Higin botham, Esq., chairman. The receipts for the month amounted to £1856 9s Id, and the dis bursements to £955. Eighty-six now shares having been issued during the samo timo. The "Old Boys" dinner, wliiohis to com memorate the twenty-first anniversary of the Church of England Grammar School, will bo held at the Town Hall on Thursday next, the 1st of May. An advertisement, publishod elsewhere, gives a list of persons fronn tickets may be obtained. XGIBTE Thia evening is tho last of Ton Nights'ii? Bar-room at the Princess's, There will he iFFF olio tc-morrow evening for the benefit of Mr L'Estrange, tho aeronaut. No ono who has witnessed the repeated per formances of Sweethearts and Our Boys, at the Theatre Royal, can say that tasto for modern dramas of a high- class, so far as felicitous dialogue, telling situations, and a woll-worked plot are concerned, has dopartod. Botli pieces were again played last night to a aapital and well pleasod houso ; but, notwithstanding thoir undoubted popularity, thoy will bo with drawn niter to-morrow night, to make room for Gilbert's successful comedy, ontitled En gaged. There was an unusual attendnnco of tho musical world in tho dreBS circle of the Opera House last evening, and a good audience may be expected to-night, when Lucrozia Borgia is the piece. Mdlle. Link appears as tho heroine of this deeply tragic opera, illus trated, as it is, by suoh florid, and, indeod, lively muBio. Messrs Paladini and Verdi sustain the roles of Gennaro and Alfonso. To MIbs l'alraa, as Maffnn n.,.- , iT"5"531".9 Btaatsar »» AnttaJ « '$,1 and to enjoy a hearty laugh Hhn,Bii0<1 """ic U>'l visit St. Georgo's Hill. B ' sh<mW »t ont;ff| I'e Academy, t9 « eqij l — — i'-'B Wo have rccoivcd from Mr A J ?>. number of tlio Doys Own Paper ' tl>c 'nonthlr vN 