[?] Sir Gibbie. By GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. (Author of 'David Elginbrod,' ' Annals of a Quiet N cighbourhood,' ' Ac., Ac.) (The right of publication in Australia -has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chatter XVII. — Secret Service. I must not linger over degrees and phases. Every morn ing Gibbie got into the kitchen in good time, and not only did more and more of the work, but did it more and more to the satisfaction of Jean, until, short of the actual making of the porridge, he did everything antecedent to the men's Breakfast. 'When J can came in she had but to take the lid from the pot, put in the salt, assume the spar-tie, and, grasping the first handful of the meal, which stood ready -waiting in the bossic on the stone cheek of the fire, throw it in, thus commencing the simple cookery of the best of all dishes to a true-hearted and healthy Scotsman. Without further question, she attributed all the aid she received to tiie goodness ' enough for anything,' of Dona] Grant, and continued to make acknowledgment of the same in both sort and quantity of victuals, whence, as has been shown, the real labourer received his due reward. Until he had thoroughly mastered his work, Gibbie per sisted in regarding matters economic ' from his loophole in the ceiling ana having at length learned the art of making butter, soon arrived at some degree of perfection in it. But when at last one morning he not only churned, but -washed and made it up entirely to Jean's satisfaction, she did begin to wonder how a mere boy could both have such perseverance and be so clever at woman's work. For now she entered the kitchen every morning without a question of finding the fire burning, the water boiling, the place clean and tidy, the supper dishes well washed and disposed on shelf and rack ; her own part was merely to see that proper cloths were handy to so thorough a use of them. She took no one into her confidence on the matter ; it was enough, she judged, that she and Donal understood each other. And now if Gibbio had contented himself with rendering this house- service in return for the shelter of the barn and its hay, he might have enjoyed both longer ; hut from the position of his night-quarters, he came gradually to under stand the work of the stable also ,* and before long, the men, who were quite ignorant of anything similar taking place in the house, began to observe, more to their wonder and satisfaction, that one or other of their horses was generally groomed before his man came to him ; that often there was hay in their racks which they had not given them ; and that the master's white home every morning showed signs of having had some attention paid hint that could not be accounted for. The result was much talk and speculation, suspicion and offence ; for all were jealous of their rights, their duty, and their dignity, in relation to their horses : no man was at liberty to do a thing to or for any but his own pair. Eve# the brightening of the harness-brass, in which Gibbie sometimes indulged, was an offence ; for did it not imply a reproach 'f Many were the useless traps laid for the offender, many the futile attempts to surprise him : as Gibbie never did anything except for half on hour or so while the men were sound asleep or at breakfast, he escaped discoveiy. But he could not hold continued intercourse with the splendour of the white horse, and neglect carrying out the experiment ou which he had resolved with regard to the effect of water upon his own skin ; and having found the result a little surprising, he soon got into the liabit of daily and thorough ablution. But mauy animals that never wash are yet cleaner than some that do ; and, what with the scantiness of his clothing, his constant exposure to the atmosphere, and his generally lying in a tresh lair, Gibbie had always been comparatively clean. Besides, being nice in hie mind, he was naturally nice in his body. The new personal regard thus roused by the presence of Snowball, had its development greatly assisted by the scrupulosity with which most things in the kitchen, and chief of all in this respect, the churn, were kept. It re Suired much effort to come up to the nicety considered by can indispensable in the churn ; and the croucher ou the ceiling, when he saw the long nose advance to prosecute inquiry into its condition, mentally trembled lest the next movement should condemn his endeavour as a failure. With bis clothes he could do nothing, alas ! but he bathed every night in the Lorrie as 6oon as Donal had gone home with the cattle. Once he got into a deep hole, but man aged to get out again, and so learned that he could swim. All day ho was with Donal, and took from him by much the greater part of his labour: Doual hod never had such time for reading. In return he gave him his dinner, and Gibbie could do very well upon one meal a day. He paid him also in poetry. It never came into liis head, seeing he never spoke, to teach him to read. He soon gave up attempting to learn anything from him as to his place, or people, or history, for to all questions iu that direction Gibbie only looked grave and shook his head. As often, oh the other hand, as he tried to learn where he spent Die night, he received for answer only one of his merriest laughs. Nor was larger time for reading the sole benefit Gibbie confeired upon Donal. Such was the avidity and growing intelligence with which the little naked town-savage listened to what Donal read to liiu, that his presence was just so : much added to Doual's own live soul of thought and foaling. From listening to his own lips through Gibbie's oars, he not only understood many things better, but, perceiving what things must puzzle Gibbie, came sometimes, rather to his astonishment, to see that in fact he did not understand them himself. Thus the bond between the boy and the child grew closer — far closer, indeed, than Donal imagined; for, although still, now and then, he had a return of the fancy that Gibbie might be a creature of some speechless race other than human, of whom he was never to know whence he came or whither he rvent — a messenger, perhaps, come to unveil to liim the depths of his own spirit, and make up for the human teaching denied liim, this was only in his more poetic moods, and his ordinary mental position towards him wa8 one of kind condescension. It was, not all fine weather up there anion g the mountains in the beginning of summer. In the first week ©f June even there wa^ sleet and snow in the wind — the tears of the van quished 'Winter, blown, as he fled, across the sea, from Nor way or Iceland. Then would Donal's heart be sore for Gibbie, when he saw his poor rags blown about like streamers in the wind, and the white spots melting on his bare skin. His own condition would then to many have appeared pitiful enough, but such an idea Donal would have laughed to scorn, and justly. Then most, perhaps then only, does the truly generous nature feel poverty, when he sees another in need and can do little or nothing to help him. Donal had neither greatcoat, plaid, nor umbrella, wherewith to shield Gibbie's looped and windowed raggedness. Once, in great pity, he pulled off his jacket, and threw it on Gibbie's shoulders. But the shout of laughter that burst from the boy, as he flung the jacket from Mm, and rushed away into the middle of the feeding herd, a shout that came from no cave of rudeness, but from the very depth of delight, stirred by the loving kindness of the act, started Donal out of his pity into brief anger, and he rushed after Mm in indigna tion, with full purpose to teach Mm proper behaviour by a box on each ear. But Gibbie dived under the belly of a favourite cow, and peeringout sideways from under her neck rand between her forelegs, his arms grasping each a leg, while tike cow went on twisting her long tongue round the ? , grass and plucking it undisturbed,- showed such an innocent ? countenance of holy merriment, that the pride of Donal's hurt benevolence, melted away, and his laughter emulated Gibbie's. : That sort of day was in truth drearier for Donal iliim for Gibbie, for the books he had were not Ms own, ' ' and he dared not expose them to the rain ; some of them Indeed -came' from Glashrnach — the Mtteklc Hoose, they generally called it ! When he Iefthim, it was to wander disconsolatelv about the field; wMle Gibbie, sheltered ?under a whole cow, defied the cMll and the sleet, and had no books of which to miss the use. He could not, it is true, . shield his legs from the insidious attacks of such sneaking viJcic ae.will a] ways find out the undefended spots ; but his great heart was so well-to-do in the inside of him, that, unlike Touchstone, Ms spirits not being weary, he cared not for his legs. The worst storm in the world could not have made that heart quail. For, think! there had just been the strong, the well-dressed, the learned, the wise, tike altogether mighty and considerable Donal, the cowherd, actually desiring him, wee Sir Gibbie Galbraith, the cinder of the city-furnace, the naked, and generally the hungry little^ tramp, to wear Ms jacket to cover Mm from thestorm ! The idea was one of eternal triumph ; and Gibbie, exulting ?in the unheard-of devotion and condescension of the thing, kept on laughing like a blessed chernb under the cow's belly. Nor was there in his delight the smallest admixture of pride that he should have drawn forth such kindness, it was simple glorying in the beauteous fact. As to the cold and the sleet, so far as he knew they never hurt anybody. They were not altogether pleasant creatures, but they could not help themselves, and would soon give over their teasing. By to-morrow they would have wandered away into other fields, and left the sun free to coine back to Donal and the cattle, what Gibbie, at present shielded like any lord by the friendliest of cows, would come in for a share of the light and the warmth. Gibbie was so confident with the animals, that they were already even more friendly with Mm than with Donal — all except Roraie, who, being of a low spirit, therefore incapable of obedience, was friendliest with the one who gave her the hardest blows. Chapter XVIII. — The Broome. Things had gone on tMs way for several weeks— if Gibbie had not been such a small creature, I hardly see how they could for so long — when one morning the men came into breakfast all out of temper together, complaining loudly of the person unknown who would persist in interfering with their work. They were the louder that their suspicions fluttered about Fergus, who was rather overbearing with them, and therefore not a favourite. He was in reality not at all a likely person to bend back to defile hands over such labour, and their pitcMng upon him for the object of their suspicion, showed how much at a loss they were. Their only ground for suspecting him, beyond the fact that there was no other whom, by any violence of imagination they could suspect, was, that, whatever else was done or left undone in the stable, Snowball, whom Fergus was fond of, and rode almost every day, was, as already mentioned, sure to have something done for him. Had he been in good odour with them, they would have thought no harm of most of the things they thought he did, especially as they eased their work : but he carried himself high, they said, doing nothing but ride over the fanu and pick out every fault he could find — to show how sharp he was, and look as if he could do better than any of them ; and they fancied that lie carried their evil report to M6 father, and that tMs underhand work in the stable must be part of some sly scheme for bringing them into disgrace. And now at last had come the worst thing of all : Gibbie had discovered the corn-bin, and having no notion but that everything in the stable was for the delectation of the horses, had been feeding them largely with oats — a delicacy with wMch, in the plenty of other provisions, they were very sparingly supplied ; and the consequences had begun to show themselves in the increased unruliness of the more wayward amongst them. Gibbie had long given up resort ing to the ceiling, and remained m utter ignorance of the storm that was brewing because of Mm. The same day brought things nearly to a crisis ; for the overfed Snowball, proving too much for Fergus's liorse mansMp, came rushing home at a fierce gallop without him, having indeed left him in a ditch by the roadside. The remark thereupon made by the men in Ms hearing, that it was Ms own fault, led him to ask questions, when he came gradually to know what they attributed to him, and was indignant at the imputation of such an employment of Ms mornings to one who had Ms studies to attend to — scarcely a wise line of defence where the truth would have been more credible as well as convincing— namely, that at the time when those works of supererogation could alone be effected, he lay as lost a creature as ever sleep could make of a man. In the evening, Jean sought a word with Donal, and ex pressed her surprise that he should be able to do everybody's work about the place, warning Mm it would be said he did it at the expense of his own. But what could he mean, she said, by wasting the goodcorn to put devilry into the horses ? Donal stared in utter bewilderment. He knew perfectly that to tlie men suspicion of him was as impossible as of one of themselves. Did he not sleep in the same chamber with them ? Could it be allusion to the way he spent his time when out with the cattle that Mistress* Jean intended ? He was so confused, looked so guilty as well as astray, and answered so far from any point in Jean's mind, that she at ' last became altogether bewildered also, out of which chaos of common void gradually dawned on her mind the con viction that she bad keen wasting both thanks and material recognition of service where she was under no obligation. Her first feeling thereupon was, notunnaturally, however unreasonably, one of resentment— as if Donal, in not doing her the kindness her fancy,liad been attributing to Mm, had all the time been doing her an injuiy ; but the boy's honest bearing, and her own good sense, made her almost at once dismiss the absurdity. Then came anew the question, utterly unanswerable now — who could it be that he did not only all her morning work, but, with a passion for labour insatiable, part of that of the men also '- She knew her nephew better than to imagine for a moment, with the men, it could be he. A good enough lad she judged him, but not good enough for that. He was too fond of Ms own comfort to dream of helping other people! But now, baring betrayed herself to Donal, she wisely went farther and secured herself by placing full con fidence in him. She laid open the whole matter, confessing that she had imagined her ministering angel to be Donal him self : now she had not even a conjecture to throw at random after the person of her secret servant. Donal, being a Celt, and a poet, would have been a brute if he had foiled of being a gentleman, and answered that- he was ashamed it should be another and not himself who had been her servant and gained her commendation ; but he feared, if he had made any such attempt, he would but have fared like the husband in the old ballad who insisted that Ms wife's work was much easier to do than his own. But as he spoke, he saw a sudden change come over Jean's countenance. Was it fear ? or what was it ? She gazed with big eyes fixed on Ms face, heeding neither him nor Ms words, and Donal, struck silent, gazed in return. At length, after a pause of strange import, her soul seemed to return into her deep-set grey .eyes, and in a broken voice, low, and solemn, and fraught with mystery, she said, ' Donal, it's the broonie!' Donald's mouth opened wide at the word, hut the tenor of Ms thought it would have been bard for Mm to determine. Celtic in kindred and education, he had listened in his time to a multitude of strange tales, both indigenous and exotic, and, Celtic blood had been inclined to believe every one of thorn for which he could find the least raison d'etre. But at school he had been taught that such stories deserved nothing better than mockery, that to believe them was con trary to religion, and a mark of such weakness as involved blame. Nevertheless, when he heard the word broonie issue from a face with such an expression as Jean's then wore, his heart seemed to give a gape in Ms bosom, and it rushed back upon Ms memory how he had heard certain old people talk of the brownie that used, when their mothers and grandmothers were young, to haunt the Mains of Glashrnach. His mother did not believe such things, but she believed nothing but her New Testament ! — and what if there should be something in them ? The idea of service rendered by the hand of a being too clumsy, awkward, ugly, to consent to be seen by the more finished race of his fellow creatures, whom yet he surpassed in strength and endurance and longevity, had at least in it for Donal the attraction of a certain grotesque yet homely poetic element. He remem bered too the honour such a type of creature had had in bring lapt around for ever in the airy folds of L' Allegro. And to think that Mistress Jean, for whom everybody had such a respect, should speak of the creature in such a tone ! —it sent a thrill of horrific wonder and delight through the whole frame of the boy: might, could there be such creatures? And thereupon began to open to his imagination vista after vista into the realms of might -be possibility where dwelt whole dans and kins of creatures, differing from us and our kin, yet occasionally, as the cross-roads of creation, coming into contact with us, and influencing us, not greatly perhaps, yet strangely and notable. Not once did the real brownie occur to him — the small, naked Gibbie, far more marvellous and admirable than any brownie of legendary fable or fact, whether celebrated in rude old Scots ballad for Ms taelcss feet, or designated in noble English poem of perfect art, as lubber fiend of hairy length. Jean Mavorcame from a valley far withdrawn in the folds of the Gormgarnet mountains, where in j-onth she had heard yet stranger tales than had ever come to Donald's ears, of which some had perhaps kept their hold the more firmly that she had never heard them even alluded to since she left her home. Her brother, a hard-headed highlander, as canny as any lowland Scot, would have laughed to scorn the most passing reference to such an existence, and Fergus, who had had a lowland mother — and nowhere is there less of so-called superstition than in most parts of the lowlands of Scotland — would have joined heartily in Ms mockery. For the cow herd, however, as I say, the idea had no small attraction, and his stare was the reflection of Mistress J ean's own — for the soul is a live mirror, at once receiving into its centre, and reflecting from its surface. ' Div ve railly think it mem ? ' said Donal at last. ' Think what ? ' retorted Jean sharply, jealous instantly of being compromised, and perhaps not certain that she had spoken aloud. ' Div ye railly think 'at there is sic orators as broonies, Mistress Jean ? ' said Donal. ' 1Yha kens what there is an' what there isna ?' returned Jean : she was not going to commit hersdf either way. Even had she imagined herself above believing such things, she would not have dared to say so ; for there was a time still near in her memory, though unknown to any now upon the farm, except her brother, when the Mains of Glashrnach was the talk of Daurside because of certain inexplicable nightly disorders that fell out there : the slang rows, or tha Scotch remtthes (a form of the English romage), would perhaps come nearest to a designation of them, consist ing as they did of confused noises, rumblings, jacu lations ; and the fact itseii was a reason for silence, seeing a word might bring the place again into men's mouths in like fasMon, and seriously affect the service of the farm : such a rumour would certainly be made in the market a ground for demanding more wages to fee to the Mains. ' Ye baud yer tongue, laddie,' she went on ; 'it's the least ye can efter a' 'at's come an' gane ; an' least said's sunset mendit. Gang to yer wark.' But either Mistress Jean's influx of caution came too late, and some one had overheard her suggestion, or the idea was already abroad in the mind bucolic and georgie, for that very night it began to be reported upon the nearer farms, that the Mains of Glashruach was haunted by a brownie who did all the work for both men and maids — a circumstance pro ductive of different opinions with regard to the desirableness of a situation there, some asserting they would not fee to it for any amount of wages, and others averring they could desire nothing better than a place where the work was all done for them. Quick at disappearing as Gibbie was, a very little cunning on the part of Jean might soon have entrapped the brownie; but a considerable touch of fear was now added to her other motives for continuing to spend a couple of hours longer in bed than had formerly been her custom. So that for yet a few day thing6 went on much as usual ; Gibbie saw no sign that Ms presence was suspected or that his doings were offensive ; and life being to him a constant present, he never troubled himself about anything before it was there to answer for itself. One morning the long tMck mane of Snowball was found carefully plaited up in innumerable locks. TMs was properly elf-work, but no fairies had been heard of on Daurside for many a long year. The brownie, on the other hand, was already in every one's mouth — only a stray one, probably, that had wandered from some old valley away in the mountains, where they were still believed in — but not the less a brownie ; and if it was not the brownie who plaited Snowball's mane, who or what was it ? A phenomenon must be accounted for, and he who will not accept a theory offered, or even a word applied, is indebted in a full. explanation. The rumour spread in long slow ripples, till at last one of them struck the membrana tympani of the laird, where he sat at luncheon in the House of Glashruach. Chapter XIX. — The Laird. Thouias Galbraith was by birth Thomas Durrant, but had married an heiress by whom he came into possession of Glashruach, and had, according to previous agreement, taken her name. When she died he mourned her loss as well as he could, but was consoled by feeling himself now first master of both position and possession, when the ladder by which he had attained them was removed. It was not that she had ever given Mm occasion to feel that marriage and not inheritance was the source of Ms distinction in the land, but that, having a soul as keenly sensitive to small material rights as it was obtuse to great spiritual ones, he never felt the property quite his own until his wife was no longer within sight. Had he been a little more sensitive still, he would have felt that the property was then his daughter's, and his only through her ; but this he failed to consider. Mrs. Galbraith was a gentle sweet woman, who loved her husband, but was capable of loving a greater man better. Had she lived long enough to allow of their opinions con fronting in the matter of their child's education, serious differences would probably have arisen between them ; as it was, they had never quarrelled, except about the name she ? should bear. The father, having for her sake — so he said to himself — sacrificed Ms patronymic, was anxious that, in older to her retaining some rudiuientaiy trace of himself in the ears of men, she should be ovei shadowed with Ms Christian name, and called Thomasina. But the mother was here in all the mother, and obdurate for her daughter's future; and, as was riant between the two, she had her way, and her child a pretty name. Being more sentimental than artistic, however, she did not perceive how imperfectly the sweet Italian Ginevra concorded. with the strong Scotch Galbraith. Her father hated the name, therefore invari ably abbreviated it after such fasMon as rendered it inoffen sive to the most conservative of Scottish ears ; and for Ms own part, at length, never said Ginny, without seeing and hearing and meaning Jenny. As Jenny, indeed, he addressed her in the one or two letters which were all he ever wrote to her ; and thus he perpetuated the one matri monial difference across the grave. Having no natural Pent to literature, but having in his youth studied for and practised at the Scottish bar, he had brought with Mm into the country a taste for certain kinds of dry reading, judged pre-eminently respectable, aud for its indulgence had. brougllt also a not insufficient store of such provender as Ms soul mildly hungered after in the shape of books bound mostly in yellow calf — books of law, history, and divinity. What the books of law were, I would not foolhardily add to my many risks of blundering by pre suming to recall ; the history was mostly Scottish, or con nected with Scottish affairs'; the theologywas entirely of the New England type of corrupted Calvinism, with wliich in Scotland they saddle the memory of great-souled, hard hearted Calvin Mmself. Thoroughly respectable, and a little devout, Mr. Galbraith was a good deal more of a Scotchman than a Christian ; growth was a doctrine unem bodied in his creed ; he turned from everything new, no matter how harmonious with the old, in freezing disappro bation : he recognized no element in God or nature wMch could not be reasoned about after the form of the Scotch philosophy. He would not have said an Episcopalian could not be saved, for at the bar he had known more than one good lawyer of the episcopal party; but to say a Roman Catholic would not necessarily be damned, would, to Ms judgment, have revealed at once the impending fate of the rash asserter. In religion he regarded eveiything not only as settled but as understood ; and seemed aware of no call in relation to truth, but to bark at anyone who showed the least anxiety to discover it. What truth he held himself, he he held as a sack holds corn — not .even as a worm holds earth. To Ms servants and tenants he was just — never conde scending to talk over a thing with any of the former but the gamekeeper, and never making any allowance to the latter for misfortune. In general expression, he looked dis E leased, but meant to look dignified. No one had ever seen im wrothful ; nor did he care enough for his fellow mortals ever to be greatly vexed — at least he never manifested vexa tion otherwise than by a silence that showed more of contempt than suffering. In person, he was very tall and very tMn, with a head much too small for Ms height, a narrow forehead, above which the brown hair looked like a wig ; pale blue, ill-set eyes, that seemed too large for their sockets, consequently tumbled about a little, and were never at once brought to focus; a large, but soft-looking nose; a loose-lipped mouth, and very little chin. He always looked as if con ciously trying to keep Mmself together. He wore Ms shirt rollar unusually high, yet out of it far shot his long neck, notwithstanding the smallness of wMch, Ms words always seemed to come from a threat much too big for them. He ? had greatly the look of a hen, proud of her maternal expe- - rience, and silent from conceit of what she could say if she ' would. So much better would he have done as an under- ? ling than as a ruler — as a journeyman even, than a master, that to know him was almost to* disbelieve in the good of what is generally called education. His learning seemed to have taken the wrong fermentation, and turned to folly instead of wisdom. But he did not do much harm, for ha hod a great respect for Ms respectability. Perhaps if he had been a craftsman, he might even have done more harm — making rickety wheelbarrows, asthmatic pumps, ill-fitting window-frames, or boots with a lurking divorce in each, welt. He had no turn for farming, and therefore let all his ' land, yet liked to interfere, and as much as possible kept a' personal jurisdiction. There was one thing, however, wMch, if it did not throw the laird into a passion — nothing as I have said, did that — brought him nearer to the outer verge of dis pleasure than any other, and that was, anything whatever to wMch he could affix the name of superstition. The indignation of better men than the laird with even a con fessedly harmless superstition, is sometimes very amusing ; and it was a point of Mr. Galbraith's poverty-stricken religion to denounce all superstitions, however diverse in, character, with equal seventy. To believe in the second sight, for instance, or in any form of life as having the slightest relation to tMs world, except that of men, that of animals, and that of vegetables, was with him wicked, antagonistic to the Church of Scotland, and inconsistent with her perfectdoctrine. The very word ghost would bring upon Ms face an expression he meant for -withering scorn, and, indeed, it withered Ms face, rendering it yet more unpleasant to behold. Coming to the benighted country, then, with all the gathered wisdom of Edinburgh in his gallinaceous cranium, and what he counted a vast experience of worldly affairs besides, he brought with him also the firm resolve to be the death of superstition, at least upon his own property. He was not only unaware, but incapable of becoming aware, that he professed to believe a number of things, any one of wMch was infinitely more hostile to the truth of the universe, than all the fancies and fables of a countryside, handed down from grandmother to grandcMld WhenJ therefore, within a year of Ms settling at Glash ruach, there arose a loud talk of the Mains, Ms best farm, as haunted by presences making all kinds of tumultuous noises, and even throwing utensils bodily about, he was nearer the borders of a rage, although he Icept, as became a gentleman, a calm exterior, than ever he had been in his life. For were not ignorant clodhoppers asserting as facts ? what he knew never could take place. At once he set him self, with all Ms experience as a lawyer to aid him, to dis cover the buffooning authors of the niiscMef : where there were deeds there were doers, and where there were doers ? they were discoverable. But Ms endeavours, unintermittecL for 'the space of three weeks, after wMch the disturbances ceased, proved so utterly without result, that ho could never bear the smallest allusion to the hateful business. For bo had not only been unhorsed, but by Ms dearest hobby. He was seated with a game pie in front of Mm, over the top of wMch Genevra was visible. The girl never sat nearer her father at meals than the whole length of the table, where she occupied her mother's place. She was a solemn-looking child, of eight or nine, dressed in a brown merino frock of the plainest description. Her hair, wMch was nearly of the same colour as her frock, was done up in two triple plaits, wMch hung down her back, and were tied at the tip6 with black ribbon. To the first glance she did not look a very interesting or attractive cMld ; but looked at twice, she was sure to draw the eyes a third time. She was undeniably like her father, and that was much against her at first sight; but it required only a little acquaintance with her face to remove the prejudice ; for in its composed, almost i-esigned expression, fevery feature of her father's seemed comparatively finished, and settled into harmony with the rest ; its chaos was subdued, aud not a little of the original underlying design brought out. The nose was ?? firm, the mouth* modelled, the chin larger, the eyes a little smaller, and full of life and feeling. The longer it was re garded by any seeing eye, the child's countenance showed . fuller of promise, or at least of hope. Gradually the look, would appear in it of a latent sensitive anxiety — then would . dawn a glimmer of longing question ; and then, it would all at once, slip back into the original ordinary, look, which, without seeming attractive, had yet attracted. Her father was never harsh to her, yet she looked rather frightened at him : but then he was cold, very cold, and most children would rather be struck and kissed alternately than neither. And the bond cannot be very close between father and child, .. when the father has forsaken Ms childhood. The bond between any two is the one in the other; it is the father in the cMld, and the child in the father, that reach to each other eternal hands. It troubled Ginevra greatly that, when she asked herself whether she loved her father better than anybody else, as she believed she ought, she became immediately doubtful whether she loved him at all. She was eating porridge and milk ; with spoon arrested in mid-passage, she stopped suddenly and said : — ' Papa, what's a broonie ¥' 'I have told you, Jenny, that you are never to talk - broad Scotch in my presence,' returned her father. ' I would lay severer commands upon you, were it not that I fear tempting you to disobey me, but 1 will have no vulgarity .- in the dining- rooiu.' His words come out slowly, and sounded as if each was a bullet wrapped round with cotton wool to make it fit the barrel. Ginevra looked perplexed for a moment. ' Should I say brownie, papa,' she asked. ' How can I tell you what you should call a creature that has no existence r' rejoined her father. ' If it beacreature, papa, it must have a name !' retorted the little Iogiean, with great solemnity. Mr. Galbraith was not pleased, for although the logic was good, it was against Mm. ' What foolish person has been insinuating such con temptible superstition into your silly head?' he asked. ' Tell me, cMld,' he continued, ' Tliat I may put a stop ? to it at once.' He was rising to ring the bell, that he might give the orders consequent on the infonnation he expected : he would have asked Mammon to dinner in black clothes and a wMte tie, but on Superstition in. the loveliest garb would have loosed all the dogs of Glashruach, to hunt her from the property. Her next words however, arrested Mm, and just as she ended, the butler came in with fresh toast. ' They say,' said Ginevra, anxious to avoid the for bidden Scotch, therefore stumbling sadly in her utterance, , ' There's a broonie — brownie — at the Mains, who dis a* — does all the work.' ' What is the meaning of tMs, Joseph ¥' said Mr. Galbraith, turning from her to the liutler, with the air of rebuke, wMch was almost habitual to Mm, a good deal heightened. 'Themeanin' o' what, sir?' returned Joseph, nowise abashed, for to him Ms master was not the greatest man in the world, or even in the Highland! 'He's no a Gal braith,' he used to say, when more than commonly provoked with him. ' I ask you, Joseph,' answered the laird, ' what this — tMs outbreak of superstition imports ? You must be' aware that nothing in the world could annoy me more than that Miss Galbraith should learn folly in her father's house. 1 hat staid servants, such as I had supposed mine to be, should use their tongues as if their heads had no more in them than so many bells hung in a steeple, is to me a mortifying reflection,' ' Tongues as weel's clappers was made to wag, sir; and wag they wull, sir, sac lang's the tow (string) hmgs ool at baith lugs,' answered Joseph. The forms of speech he employed were not unfrequently obscure to his master, and in that obscurity lay more of Joseph'6 impunity than he knew. 'Forby (besides), sir,' he went on, 'gientonguea didna wag, what w'y wad you, 'at has to set a' thing richt, come to ken what was wrang r' 'That is not a bad remark, Joseph,' replied the laird,, with woolly condescension. ' Pray acquaint me with the whole matter.' ' I hae naething till acquant yer honour wi', sir, but the ting-aling o' tongues,' replied Joseph ; ' an' ye'll hae till arreenge't like, till yer ain settisfaction.' Therewith he proceeded to report what he had heard reported, wMch was in the main the truth, considerably exaggerated — that the work of the house was done over night bv invisible hands— and the work of the stables, too ; but that in the latter, cantrips were played as well ; that some of the men talked of leaving the place ; and that Mr Duff's own horse, Snowball, was nearly out of his mind with fear. The laird clenched M*6 teeth, and for a whole minute said nothing- Here were either his old enemies again, or some' who had heard the old story, and in their torn were beating the drum of consternation in the ears of superstition. ' It is one of the men themselves,' he said at last, with outward frigidity. ' Or some ill-designed neighbour,' he added. ' But 1 shall soon be at the bottom of it. Go to the Mains at once, Joseph, and ask young Fergus Duff to be so good. as step over, as 60on as he conveniently can.' Fergus was pleased enough to be sent for by the laird' and soon told nim all he knew from his aunt and the men, confessing that he had himself been too lazy of a morning to take any steps towards personal acquaintance with the facts, but adding that, as Mr. Galbraith took an interest in the matter, he would be only too happy to carry out any suggestion he might think proper to make on the subject. ' Fergus,' returned the laud, ' do you imagine things inanimate can of themselves change their relations in space ? Tn other words, are the utensils in your kitchen endowed with powers of locomotion ? Can they take to themselves wings and fty ? Or to use a figure more to the point, are they provided with members necessary to the washing «f their own-persons, shall I say ? Answer me those points, Fergus.' ' Certainly not, sir,' answered Fergus solemnly, for the laird's face was solemn, and his speech was very solemn. ' Then, Fergus, let me assure you, that to discover by what agency these apparent wonders are effected, you have merely to watch. If you fail, I will myself come to your assistance. Depend upon it, the thing when explained will prove simplicity itself.' Fergus at once undertook to watch, but went home not quite so comfortable as he had gone ; for he did not alto gether, notwithstanding his unbelief in the so-called super natural, relish the approaching situation. Belief and unbelief are not always quite plainly distinguishable from each other, and Fear is not always certain which of them is his mother. He was not the less resolved, however, to carry out what he had undertaken — that was, to sit up all night, if necessary, in order to have an interview with the extra vagant and erring — spirit, surely, whether embodied or not, thatdared thus wrong ' domestic awe, night, rest, and neigh bourhood,' by doing people's work for them unhidden. Not even to himself did he confess that he felt frightened, for he was a youth of nearly eighteen ; but he could not quite hide from himself the fact that he anticipated no pleasure in the duty which lay before him. 