I -i NEW YEAR'S DAY. j Tho now Year was inaugurated with delightful weathcr.and holidnymakers were elated accordingly. After tho remarkably capricious weather xvo havo oxperionoed for some timo, a Ano, xvarm day, with a gentle seo breozo blowing, xvas a genuine treat. In the morning, thero being no apprehensions on this all-important question of weather-no fears of boiug drenched xvith rain-crowds might bo soon hastening to fixed destinations to spond tho day. Picnic partios were unusually numerous, and tho Mountain, tho Bower, Brown's River, Kangaroo Point, Cornelian Bay, .md other favorite resoits xvere oxteiiBivoly patronised. To the Huon Regatta went hundrods, both steamers being uncomfortably packed ; while tho Brighton races xvere a great attraction, the trains being «rowded, and a stream of vehicles convoying large numbers of visitors along the road. Rosny, also, which has not been open to the public"for a good xvhilo, xvas patronised by about fifteen hundred persons, and it waB noticeable that they wero a better class than gene- rally resorts there. On the whole the holiday xvas thoroughly enjoyed, add in every xvay proved a jjucccs, BRIGHTON RACES. Stewards : Dr. Butler. M.H.A. ; W. Gunn, Esq. ; ,T. W. Palmer, Esq. ; G. A. Kemp, Esq. ; J. J. Butler, Esq. ; A. Page, Esq. ; Samuol Blackwell, Esq. ; Judge : W. Gunn, Esq. ; Starter : S. Black- well, Esq. ; Clerk of the Course : Mr. P, Ballon ; «Clerk of the Scales: Mr. W. W. Elliston; Handi cappers : Messrs. A. Page and S. Blackwell, sen. ; Treasurer : Mr. J. Devine ; Secretary : Mr. C. J. Webb. The annual race meeting at Brighton xvas a very successful affair. The weather xvas beautiful, and consequently there was a very largo attendance, the largest in fact that we have seen at a country meeting for somo time. Mr. Charles Cooloy's five-horse 'bus, tooled by Tom Cooley, left the Albion Hotel at 9 a.m. crowded, whilst a largo number of private vehicles xvere to bo seensiou the xood. Large numbers travelled by rail, but the arrangements, consequent on the great rush of ¡passengers, were not satisfactory, much delay taking ¡place. On arrival at the trysting place things looked very lively. Visitors from all the surrounding districts including a large number of ladies on horseback, were present. There was only one booth on the ground where intoxicating beverages could bo .obtained, namely the committee booth, which was «resided over by Mr. George Taylor, of tho Crown jinn, Brighton, and here n very excellent «told colla- tion was laid out, which did great credit to tho .cater«-. There wero also two refreshment booths, jn charge, respectively, of Messrs. P. Blake and H. "¡Brown, and soveral stalls dotted the course whilst the usual games of chanco wero to bo seen in the vicinity of the booths. Considerable alterations have been made on the ?course since last year, and it is contemplated to .till further improv« mattera before the next meet- ing. One decided improvement is in the alteration of the running track, which has be*n laid out, so that the horses ran left handed, and by this means a very good straight run home has been obtained. The committee have also bad a large number of the «fatties removed, but a deal moro remains to be .done in this direction before a good view of the .¡races can be obtained. There was one great draxv iback, the want of a grand stand. The old one was ^unfortunately blown down a short time ago, and #he committee could not Boe their way clear to erect a «ew one. However, it is intended to form a club, and a large number o[ gentlemen enrolled tiicir ,names during the day, and. the committee received many promises of support towards erecting a good stand bofare the next meeting. '/ho officers all xvorked hard to make th.e gather- ing a iwecess. The bon. secretary was hero th^re and evvayxvhere all through the day, and deserves great credit for his exertions. Mr. S. Blackwell, eon., xvas very successful with the flag, and the Cleikof the Soak» and the Cloik of tho CourBo ¡performed their allotted duties very efficiently. Tho racing commenced with tho Trial Stakes and fclil&S; horses carne to tho post for tho ovcnt. Tho Quorn Hall colt Yougogo was made au immense favourite, but the " glorious uncertainty" WAS never more exemplified, for tho winnor turned up in the two-year-old Forest King. It was a fino sot-to between tho favourite and Forest King all along the back stretch, hut when rising the hill tho latter drew away, and won easily at tho finish. Young Peter DaiUu was loudly cheered ßu weighing. The winner is by Horatio, from a Touchât maro. (Touch-it being an imported horse well known w being owned by our old friend Mr. S. Blackwell) The oolt ian in tho Tw.o-ycar-nJd .Stakes at Elwick AU Boxing DAy. Cf ,thp thirteen horses nomi «Mttsd for ,tho Brighton Handicap (H'o only iyeeA Hie «tarter, and Albion had the ,call in 'the heifing. It woe a my fine start, all the horses cutting »way" on very evcjiierms { but Bonham was BOOH at the head of affairs, closely waited on by Albion and Castlebar. It was n pretty fwo up tho bill and along tho straight; but whon rounding tho tarn, and getting into tho straight running at tho pafijf ,o'f flourao, there were only three in the race, flanjoly, Alhipm Oaiiezou, ond Castlebar, the others dropping lo ibe rear ai pypry strido. Castlebar put on a spurt, and gained a kmgth, or two nearing the hill, but could not got up t¿ Albion and OanosiOii, and once fairly in the straight, Albion jra? caledon, (drew away from tho maro, and won ratlior easily, ¿unidst much cheering. Albion is by Lord Erin from Molly Bawn. Tho boy on Emerald did not rids ill strictly jockey costume, and we wero sorry to BOB that tho stewards did iiofc tako some notico of tho mather. Four of tho eight horses engaged in tho Ilutólo 3aco put iii au appoai'aiiwj, Lut tuero was a great deal of unnecessary delay owing te the uten- sils used for putting up tho bardies' not lieii;g jil readiness, the ponjon having charge of thom iicglpctj jug to bring thom to tho cour/30, llowovcr the lion. Secretary and Mr. G. Everett put llieir shonldors to jtlj.o wheel when tho tools arrived, and soon had .everything ready. Tho raco is soon told, for Tolly rand and Express led off, but tho old horse refused ¡tho 'second hurdle, again lost his temper at the fourth, fjud \vas then »uUcil up. Brunotto fell at the hurdle after passing tho booths ami cut herself very badly on tho forearm, 'and fronTtito chest to the girth. Chant was sopn hi ,tho saddle again, however, but from this out tho order was Express, Lady Rowena and Brunotto, and tims they finished, but wo think that the rider of the winner is deserving of severe censure for flogging his horse after he cleared the last hurdle, and when ho had the race in his bands. Express is by Peter Wilkins from a Premier mare: Three horses wera entered for tho Consolation {Rakes, namely Canozou, Castlebar, and Yougogo, but after tho weights wore declared tho lrst-natned was Bcratehç.d. It was a very good ra.... between . Canozou and Castlobar, both keeping side by side nearly all tho jottrnoy, and it was doubtful which Would win until the straight for homo was reached, wlfon Canezou gota slight lead, and won a good race by a length. Four horses weighed out for tho Hack ïlace, but old Alarm proved too good for thoso imposed i# hiin, for ho led from start to finish. Tho Trotting Sweep foil through, only ono of ,tho competitors putting iii on. appearance. Tho following is a description (Q£ tim running: TRIAL STAKES, Of - sovs., for all horses that liavo not won public money abovo £10. Weight for ago. Distance oncn round. Nomination, 1 sov. Mr, J, West's Forest King, 2 yrs., 5st. 8lb. (P. Dalian, jim.) 1 Mr, A. KeMuftfiVQugpeio, 3 yrs" 8st. (including 5lbs. over) ...........................................(J. Poole) 2 Mr. C. J. Wobb'sNora, ngod,'°dt: }lb.v(W. Dalian) 0 Betting ! 2 to 1 on Yougogo. There V/iw » very good start for this ovcnt, bup Nora hold ft plight advantage of her opponents before many yards b»d been traversed. Before reaching the turn Yougogo shot to the front, Nora flropphig to the rear, Turning into WP runmng, at the back uf the course Forest ni) olongsido Yougogo, Nora i wa ]pirgt||s away, andu fiua raco onsucd betwoon tho loadlp« pair, both running sids by sido until the turn for til« hill was reached, when Forest King bold half a longth flflvautago of Yougogo, tim latter at tho whip. At ¿k,b fop of tho hill and entering t|»o htoig1'' run for homo ¡Poppst King drow away from iii?" 0j[i|)0!!0nt, » and won easily by about fivo longths, îtfo'fl walking in. BRIGHTON HANDCAP. Of 30 sov»" with a swoop of ¡i sovs, nddod, second horso to looeivo 10 sovs. from the ptivke. Dis^ucc, 2 milos. Nomination, I sov. Wr, 0. G. Eady'B br g Albion, aged, Çst. 71b. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... (W. Dallan) 1 Mr. A. Koarnoy'B br in Canozou, 5 yrs,, y«t, 121b. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... (J. Poole) 2 . jMr. Jamqj Chant's b o Castlebar, 8 yrs., Ost. 8lb. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . (P. Dallan, jim.) 3 Mr. H. Yeend'* ,c li Bonham, Ü yrs., 7at. 101b. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...(W. Motton) 0 Mr. J. Fitzgeralds h li Emarold, 3 yrs., Ost. (iib. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...(E. Green) 0 'Talleyrand, Calstock, Yan Yean, Newminster. Lady Kowona, Nora, Pilot, and Callor Herrin wore fijbratclicd. Betting : Even on Albion, 2 to 1 Canozou, 4 to I t nny other. After some delay at the post, with one false start, ? i tlio competitors worä sent on thoir journey to a splendid start. Bonham soon took iirst position, followed hy Albion, Castlebar, and «morah!, Canozou bringing up the roar. Approaohing tim hill Albion wont np to Benimm, and took n alight load, the othors closing up. Passing the bootha the order waa Albion, Castlebar, Bonham, Canozou, and Emerald, but on reaching the turn at the back of the course Canozou ran past Bonham and Castlebar, and took socond place, Going along tho back of tho courso it was Boon that Benham and Emerald wore bonton, mid all interest was now contrail in tho throo (¡rat horses.' Beforo reaching tho turn for tho bill Castlobar improved his position, and up tlio hill it Svas a fino race botwoon Albion and Canozou, botli bonig sido by BÍIID, Castlebar about throo longths away, but on entering tho straight Albion drew away, and ovontually won ratlior easily from the Quorn Hall moro, Castlebar third, Bonham fourth, Bmenld disUnoed. Time, 3m, f>2soc, straight \ HANDICAP itUllDLË «ACE. Of 20 sovs., with a Bvveop of 2 sovs. added. Over 12 flights of hurdles. Distance, 2 miles. Nomination, 1 sov. Mr. C. B. Parker's o g Express, G yrs., flst. 01b, (including l8 lbs. ovor) . (J, Pinker) 1 Mr. W. Pearce'« b m Lady Rowena, 5 yrs., 8st. . '. ... ... (W Dalian) 2 Mr. 0. M. Cooley's b m Brunotto, aged, 8it. 71b. (J. Chant) 3 Mr. W. Rumnoy's b h Talleyrand, aged. list. 71bs. (including 4 lbs. ovor). (G. Law 0 Fingal, Pilot, King Evorsley, and Initials xvero scratched. Botting : 3 to 2 on Talleyrand, 4 to 1 any other. There was a long delay in the starting of this race, owing to tho hurdles not being all up when tho horses arrived at tho post. Whon told to go, tho start xvas an indifferent one, owing to one or two of the jockeys not being anxious to got away. Talleyrand and Express led off, and negociatcd the first hurdle in safot3', followed by Brunette and Lady Rowena as given. Talleyrand ran round the second hurdle, and Express took up the running, and led past the post, xvitli Brunotto and Lady Rowena closing up. At the hurdle past the win ning post, Brunette fell, but Chant was soon in the saddle again, and went in hot pursuit of tho leaders. Talleyrand again baulked at the second hurdle past the post, and xvas then pulled up, taking no farther Ímrt in the contest. From this out very little can be said of the race, for Express led throughout, followed by Lady Rowena and Brunette, aud the competitors finished in that order. There was some excitement on weighing in, the jockeys being loudly cheered. CONSOLATION STAKES. Of -sovs., with a sweep of 1 sovs. added. For all beaten horses at this meeting. Once round. . Mr. A. Kearney's Canezou, 5 yrs., 8st. 71b. ......................................................(J. Poole) 1 Mr. J. Chant's Castlebar, 3yrs., Cst. lOlbs.., ............................................. (P. Dillon, jun.) 2 Betting 2 to 1 against Canezou. This race needs very little description, for the competitors were together all round the course, a very pretty race being the result, for both were going fast, but on entering the straight Canezou got her head in front, and won by a length. HACK RACE. Of - sovs. For bona fide hacks ; weight 10st. The winner of this race to be sold for £20. Distance, once round. There were four competitors for this race, namely Alarm, Initials, Norma and Pluto, but none had the ghost of a show with old Alarm, who led all the way, and won in a common canter, Initials second. This terminated the proceedings. 