rHE BIPERIAL PARLIAMENT '. The sixth session of the Imperial Par liament, which has just been brought to a close,' is not less remarkable than its pre decessors. It ha3 not been marked by Much that will render it worthy of a prominent place in Parliamentary annals, and as regards legislation it ha3 been peculiarly unproductive and unsatis factory. At the same time the stormy debates with -Khich it has abounded have brought to light the critical state into which political parties in England are rapidly hastening, and have pointed to a gradual revulsion of feeling among those who have heretofore been numbered among the supporters of Lord Beaconsfield's ^Ministry. The session opened early, and under peculiar circumstances. Lord Ly tton, following the lines of tie policy laid down by the Cabinet, had hurried India into a war, involving an expense largely exceeding all expectations. The Government were compelled to convene Parliament to obtain the necessary funds, and this at so short a notice that they found themselves unable to give even a faint outline of the domestic legislation to be introduced. They were compelled, too, to devise 'a scheme for reconciling the country to the undertaking, which: brought down upon their headB the unqualified censure of all who take an active interest in. the affairs of India. The proposal to saddlo the Indian Treasury with the cost of the Afghan war, and the manner in ?which 'that conflict -was brought about, were challenged in both Houses, in the form of direct motions of censure. The Opposition, however, were unable to make much impression upon the ranks of. the Government majority, and shortly after the assault upon their position had been successfully parried by the Govern ment. Parliament was adjourned for nearly two months. Upon reassembling the Ministers. were more communicative as to their intentions and made liberal promises of measures, to be introduced, the number of which, it was stated, had been somewhat curtailed in order to ensure their being carried to an issue this year. As a matter of fact, however, the session has been principally devoted to the discussion of foreign politics. The two costly wars in which England has been involved through the militarism of the Cabinet, , the future policy of the Government as regards Afghanistan ' and Smith * Africa. th« serious disturbances in Burma, and the numerous questions arising out of the Berlin Treaty arid? the now almost exploded -Anglo-Turkish Convention, have absorbed an immense' amount of time without much practical result. Like his German prototype, Prince Bismarck, Lord Bcaconsfield pays no heed to the protests of the minority, and but little attention to the opinions of his followers. The results of a course of action which has bo effectually disturbed public con fidence and, been steadily impoverishing the country have, however, been set before the public in a clearer light through the debates which have taken place. On every side the imposing spectacle of a spirited foreign policy presented by Lord Beaconafield is losing its charm. The grand settlement of the Eastern question, whichsecured .'? peace witn honour,' is still unachieved, the master-stroke by which dead Asiatic Turkey was to be galvanized into a new life has miserably failed, and the . magnificent coup which was to check Russian designs by giving England a strong position in the Mediterranean has proved abortive. The protection of India by a rectifica tion of frontier, which has necessitated a costly if a comparatively bloodless war, is no more assured than it was before ; and in South Africa the Government are involved in difficulties which will not cease to be serious when the disastrous war so wantonly and needlessly provoked is nominally brought to a close. These are the triumphant results of the brilliant schemes of Imperialism of which Lord Beacons field and his fellow Ministers have boasted so bravely at congenial gatherings in the strongholds of Conservatism. Weightier and serious matters affect ing internal administration they have passed over lightly. The considera tion of the profound depression in all branches of commerce and in agri culture has been waived until Parliament has forced upon them the task of investi gating the causes of the distress. They refuse to see in the state of things that which is plainly evident to the un biassed onlooker, that they themselves have contributed to that depression, that by their turbulent foreign policy they have saddled the country with heavy burdens at a time when -it is borne down by difficulties, and that each fresh triumph and each fresh war adds materially to -the prevailing distress. They endeavour to conceal from, them selves the true state of the case, and to blind the- people by devising financial schemes which/while they involve fresh taxation year by year, leave the country more indebted than before, and merely postpone the evil day. when the difficulties which are now rapidly accumulating must reach their culminating point The in difference of the Government to matters of home legislation is largely responsible for the barrenness in this respect of the v session, but the persistent obstruction offered by the Irish members has also materially aided in pro ducing this sterility. The Home Rulers have proved themselves this year a3 unruly as ever. Sitting after sitting has been occupied by them in violent attacks upon the Government, and Bcenes of an outrageous character have been enacted. Apparently no rules and no regulations can be framed to check members who- make unreasoning obstruc tion their chief weapon, both of offence and defence. I So far as our information goes but two or three Bills of any moment have received legislative sanction this session. |A considerable number of small and com jparatively unimportant measures, for the most part introduced by private members, have been passed, but little has been saved from the wreck of the Government ;programnie. The most important of all the Bills on their list — the Criminal Law Consolidation measure — has been shelved for another, session, notwithstanding the anxiety expressed by them to give pre cedence to it. Th2 Army Discipline Bill, a highly useful piece of legislation in many respects, occupied the attention of the Houses during the vrliole of thu session, and has been passed in a greatly modified form. Practical! y this is the only vital piece of legislationwhichthe Ministry can boast of having carried. Among other subjects which hare been dealt w;th are the amendment of the Medical Acts and of the Supreme Court Jn lica ture .Act ; while at the last moment tho Irish University Bill — a measure grhicti will be useless as a concession to the : t Eoman Catholics and valueless .as a party triumph— haa received the. assent of both Houses. The only step which has been taken with direct reference to the present state of the agricul tural interest is the determination to appoint a Minister of Agriculture, and that, as we have stated, was forced upon the Government So unprofitable and meagre a result of a long session points to the necessity of devising some means for facilitating the work of legislation. The interests of the country imperatively require that the attention which is now lavished 30 liberally on a disturbing and restless foreign policy should be bestowed upon them. The Beaconsfield Govern ment have ere long to give to the people an account of their stewardship, and it will be no easy matter for them to show that they have fulfilled the pledges, given by them six yeara ago, of devoting themselves to ' measures of a soc:al and practical kind.' They have sought their triumphs on the field of foreign diplomacy, and in the development of an Imperialism incompatible with the genius of the British Constitu tion. In neither department has their success redounded to the credit of the British name, while the maintenance of their policy has multiplied to an almost intolerable degree the burdens of the British taxpayers, and has barred the progress of useful aud un sensational home legislation. Diamonds is South Australia. — The report of Mr. G. T. Bean upon the ques tion of whether valuable deposits ot diamonds exist in the locality of the Echunga diggings is an extremely cautious document. It brings together a good deal of interesting information which has at various times been communicated to the public, but it adds very little that is new to the general stock. It recalls the fact that about fifty diamonds have been found among the wash dirt in which diggers have in years gone bv searched for sold : specks of several spots as presenting a very likely appear ance — the most likely of all being for tunately situated in close proximity, to the Onkaparinga River ; and urges that ' only a practical working test can demon strate whether or not it will pay to work for diamonds.' The report will be disappointing to those whose imagina- tions have been: excited by visions of diamond deposits ' rivalling the rich fields of South Africa and Brazil; but, so far from Mr. Bean being blameworthy for the caution he exhibits, he is to be com mended for abstaining from saying any thing to stimulate what in the end may prove an exceedingly unprofitable pursuit He holds out reasonable hopes of success as the result of search, but he is by no means sanguine about it. The conclu sion is perfectly legitimate . that where diamonds have been found without any special effort to discover them diamonds are sure to be found in atill greater quantity when a systematic examination of the country is made by persons acquainted with the business of digging for such gems. Nothing has as yet been brought to light to justify a rush, but the prospects are sufficiently good to warrant the __ expenditure of a little money in testing what may prove a remunerative industry— beneficial alike to the indi vidual and to the State. Seeing that it would be doubtful policy to give to private enterprise unlimited rights of search, even if private enterprise would undertake such a hazardous experi ment, it is recommended that the Govern ment should fit out a party of four or five men under a practical diamond-digger to prospect for diamonds in the most pro mising localities. As the cost of such & step would be Bmall, and the results might be very valuable, it seems to us that the Commissioner of Crown Lands cannot do better than give effect to the proposal. A few hundred pounds would be most advantageously spent in setting at rest the question of whether a diamond-field of any great extent or richness exists in the neighbour hood of Echunga. Accompanying thi3 recommendation there are in the re port numerous valuable suggestions, which will form the basis of a prac tical code of regulations should it eventually be found worth while to offer inducements to diggers to take up claims. It -vill also be noticed that a simple me,uis of testing whether a stone is a diamond or not is furnished by Mr. Bean, whose experience in South Africa qualifies him to speak with some authority on the subject. Altogether, while there is nothing in the diamond-digging outlook in South Australia to give rise to popular excitement, there is unquestionably some thing to warrant further research. Oatccs Meetiho. — 'We hear that circulars have been issued convening a meeting of certain members of the House of Assembly this morning. TnB PAKUAifEXTAKT SlTB QUBSTTOK.— The Commifsion appointed to enquire into and report upon the Parliamentary site question have compIeteJ their labours and sent , in their report to His Excellency the Governor. AaBivAr. of the LrnTAXiA. — The steamer Ltisitania, from Melbourne, reached the Sema phore cii Monday morning. The departure of the steamtr has been postponed till Wednesday, and pEjsc-Dgers are to leave town on that day per 10. 15 a.m. train. Kew Silver Coin. — Some time ago the Asscciated Banks wrote to the Government, requesting that they would import £50,000 worth of new silver coin, to be exchanged for the worn and defaced coin now to considerably in circulation. The Government have not Bcceded to the request in its entirety, but hive agreed to seed for £25,000 of silver. The Goverkmkkt Railways.— The operations on tfce Nairne Railway will this week exi-eud right through from Adelaide to the Uelair Station, on the Coromandel Valley- road. A large number of miners came down from Moonta during last week and on Monday, who have gone up to the works. The contract survey for the liDe is finished as far as the Mount Lofty Station, and the party who have been engaged on it will now undertake the remainder of the route. It is expected that tenders for the first section from Adelaide to Mount Lofty Station will be called for in alont eight weeks. The operations on the Hallett Eitension Railway have been carried on for three-fourthi of It-i length, and as so much of it lias been done by daywork the Government intend that the de partment «hall firUh the line, keeping it as a kind of depot to afford employment for surplus labour at wages somewhat lower than the ordi nary market rate. A survey psrty has started to make the permanent survey for the contract for the Narracoorte ami Tathra Railway. Tenders have Ixen called for the construction of the Jamestown and Yongala line. Sidney Iirn-R--ATio--AL Exhibition. — Mr. C. J. Coafes rwtaved on Monday tbe following telegram from Mr. Augustas Morris, Secretary te tbe Syiltey 1'ihibitiou:— 'Sydney, August 1(J :— The following audition to the prize list was adopted by tbe Exhibition Commission yesterday:— Subclass 35a, for the best bale of combing wool iu grease skirted, not weighing Iffs thsn 300 lb.. the nmutx-r of fleeces and ?weight to W stated. This addition is mule at the in'tai-cf of jour Commissiouer, Mr. Daven j.ort.' GovERioiFXT Tejtdebs. — The following , tenders wtre opened on Monday:— In the Ku- I ginetr-ik-CMeFs Department— Two third-cli?s j pafsecger-carrisge bodies, three tenders, L. Cat- j irell lowest; two secocd-clas* ptssenger-carriage j bodies, thrte tenders, Duncan It Fraaer lowest, i In the Architect-ic-Chiefs Department— liepiirs to Morpbett Vale Police Station, Thornw Wn^ Ktaff lowest; er—~U«t TaW-closet aijd painting Fott-Offiee rr C»w ! :: Tbo .— s WagsUff lowest ; j rppair* to Poat-OSice -t£ fiivrton, Thomas 'VVag- st»£f lowest; repsus'' Adelaide Gaol, T H-ir- I Eftt lowf si ; repairs and psisting S.A. Institute, T.'BsraEtt Iciest. . I Thb £50,000 Votb fob Ikwqbatioh. — A publio meeting was held in the Town Hall ou Monday night, August 18, to consider the immigration policy of tha present Government. The meeting was convened by the Mayor iu response to a requisition signed by 138 persons.' The hall was about half-filled, and the Mayor took the chair. A numbor of speakers addressed the meeting, most of them warmly attacking the policy of the present Government anil condemning the inactivity of the city members with respect to the item of £50,000 set down in the Estimates foe the current year for immigration purposes. Messrs. Bray, Simms, Fowler, Fraser, aod Pea cock, M-l'.'s, who were on the platform, also addressed tho meeting. The line of defence taken np by the city members was that they had as yet had no opportunity whatever of ex pressing any opinion as to the desirability -or non-desirabilitj ot continuing the present sys tem of immigration, as, although ti» K»tim»te« contained the item in question, the vote had as yet not come under their notice. They all ex pressed themselves as being convinced th*t immi gration was, in the present depressed conditiou of the South Australian labour market, not oniy unnecessary, but extremely hurtful to the best interests of the workiug classes, although at the same time they believed that diuiug times of prosperity a moderate influx of population was extremely desirable. Messrs. Fraserantl Peacock went the leDgth of saying that as they masb look to the future wwell as to tbe present au item for immigration purposes most necessarily find a place on the Estimates. The meetiug, which was a noisy but not a rowdy one, appeared t » be unanimous upou the point that immigration should not be encouraged during times of depression such as the present, aud moat of those present seemed to subscribe to tho more extreme doctrine that free immigratiou should once and for ever cease. A resolution con demnatory of the action of the Government in asking for £50,000 for immigration purposes was unanimously carried, and the Mayor wa» requested to sign a memorial, on behalf of tbe meetiug, to the effect that the item be struck out of the Estimates, aud that the memorial be presented to the House of Assembly, the city members being asked to support the prayer contained in it. ' Cmt Mawcst.— Leash of Lajto roa Hotbl. The Market Committee of tlie City Council have approved and accepted the following offer of the firm of Haussen k Co., brewers.-— 'To le&se; for thirty years from the Corporation of Adelaide a block of land ou Acre 370, having 75 feet front -.go to Gouger-street, and a frontage to a roadway on the west side of tbe said Acre 379, the block being on the southern side of the south-west portion of Acre 379, known as the City Market — the said land having a depth to tbe north of 111 fret or thereabouts, to a right of-way 20 feet wide or thereabouts — on tho following terms and conditions, in addition to tie usual terms of a lease:— The tent io '' be £1CO a-vear for the first ten Tears, dbv able half-yearly in advance ; £110 a-year for tbe second ten years, payable half-yearly; and £120 a year fur tbe last ten yean of tbe term, payable half- yearly. This oiler is oon ditioual on the Licensing Bench approving the plans to be sent in by us on Monday, the 11th August, 1870. Should the plans be approved,, tbe rent and lea»e to commence on December 1st, 1879. The plans aud elevation of tbe hotel to be in all respects like nnto tbe plnns and elevation put belore the Markets Committee ou the 7th August, 1S79, by our Mr. Bucknall, aud the building to be commenced on the block named at once if the Licensing Bunch approve tbe plans. Should the licence be refused then we will pay tbe Corporation £25 in full of all claims for cost of foundation for shops put in by the Corporation on tbe land now proposed to be leased; should the licence be granted, then we Will pay tbe Corporation £12 10s. in full of any claims in respect to the said foundations.' Thb Soeth-Kasterr Mail Eoutb.— To-day Messrs. Hill & Co. start an additional horsing station for their mail coaches on the Adelaide and Strathalbyn line, Hitherto there have only been changes of horses at Graters and Echunga, but it has now been decided to break the journey between the latter place and Strathalbyn by having fresh relays at Maoclesfield. Tbe dis tance between Echunga and StiatUalbrn h fourteen miles, throngh billy country, and par ticularly in tbe winter months it has been ?- severe trial to the strength and endurance of the capital horses which are placed upon tbo above line. G Compact L.M F. (Hihduabsh).— This com pany, by permission of Colonel Downes, held their first prize competition at tbe Glanvillo Butts, the use of which wm kindly given them by Captain Lovely and the Fort Company of Rifles. Tbe Company started from Bowden at 135, sixty members responding to the roll call. That Boch a number should turn out in tha face of tbe weather prevailing on Saturday says volumes for the earnestness of the ' bricks.' Besides shooting five rounds at 200 and 400 j ards, the company were put through various movements cm the ground and on their way thither. A friendly attack from the Port Rifles had been mooted, and to guard agaiust surprise advanced and renr guards were scut out, and n keen look-out for the hidden eRoiny was kept till arriving at the range. Tho unengaged squads were also put through the bayonet aud sword exercise during the afternoon, the drill being much appreciated by 1'ort friends. The wind blew with almost hurricane force during the afternoon, and on the termination of the firiD[: a terrific squall brought up a blinding shower of Bleet, during which the military top coats recently received from England would have been appreciated. Captain Magarcy enter tained tho eompn:iy at his residence at tho Semaphore, and Mm. Magarey afterwarda distri buted the prizes to tbe lucky winners, who showed their sense of the treatment they received by cheering lustily the Major, Captain, Lieutenants, aad Mrs Magarey. Tbo following are the names of tho prizetakors aiid their scores: — 200 yards — Lieutennnt Clark, 10; Pr. Franklin, 1C; I'r. Green, 15; Pr. JSott, 15; Pr. A. Wharton, 15. 400 yards— 1'r. G. Hny, 15; Pr. G. Coulthsrd, 15; Lieut. Clark, 14 ; Pr. -;. Blackman, 11 ; Pr. G. Marr, 1-1. Aggregate Lieut. Clark, 30; Pr. G. Hay, 2S ; Pr. A. Wharton, 27; Pr. Franklin, 27; Pr. G. Ooul thard, 27;Pr. Batty, 25 ; Pr. Booker, 25 ; Pr. Green, 23 ; Pr. Blackman, 21 ; Pr. Arnold, 20. Eedhill Kirxp. Oxen.— Seven members of thin rifle dab assembled for clusa-firing ut Kodhill i on August 13. The day was f;ivounihli: for shooting, and all the men passed from tin ? second class into the first clais. The (argot waf. ; a Government reflation one, and tho (listaur-s were 400, 500, 550, and 000 yards. Tho folio v ing were tbe scores made :— .Sergeant Reynold*. 63; Lieutenant Waddell, 53; Captain P^r/ man, 47 ; Private Baldwin, 47 ; Lieitenvit. Robertson, 40; Private MeFarline, 45; aud Private fiosrignal, 30. [ Jcsior CniCKKTiNO ASSOCIATION.— A meeting was held at the Metropolitan Hotel on Saturday evening, August l(i, to dincuss the advisability :of forming a Junior Cricketing Association. It will be seen by our advertising columns that all junior clnbs are invited to atsiHt in the movement. Tbe trophy to bo contested for will, we are informed, mo«t probnbly be u cup, and the rules and regulations for the guidmce oi participating clubs will be those of tlie senior Association. Thompson's ConikmrAtf! Diorama. — Mr. IV. II. Thompson opened at White's lloomxon Mocday night, August 13, with his Confederate Diorama of the American war. There was an immense house, aud the audience was partial and pleased. This diorama Iibi never befon H-en exhibited in Adelaide, and perhfi|-* the novelty of its giving the Southern view of tin: pre&t; war instead of the now rather stale Yankee representations had a -«hftre in attract ing so large aiiumberof Mpertators. The paintings are not on a very extensive scale, nor ran it he ssid that they are all conspicuous (is artistic productions ; but there i« something good about most of them, while as regards a few they are not merely good, bnt unquestionably ot a high order of excellence. The principal events connected with the desperate struggle from the time of tbe sercstiuu to the death oi Stonewall Jackscu aro graphically -le;-ictc«l on the canvao, and no ((Fort is spared t-- heighten the general effect Ly mcchniiicvl nidn, such n* illuminations Ly ui^ht, moonlight hccihir. thr firing of rsMioi1. ami moviiig fij.;nre.i. Most successful examples of thene are given in the mimic engagpmpiit between the Alahimi :i:i-1 thi Hatterag, and in the fnneral procr*siou of Stone wall Jackson, which clever exhibitions called forth great spplcuse. Lieutenant ITor man con tributed to the tiitcrtfuimiPiit by giving ft ven triloquul performanre. Tlu re. fi(«HH little doubt that the diorama will have a -ui'cessful run. Acctoejtt at Oawler— An a'.-cid nt hap pened on Monday afternoon to a per«)u uame 1 Kay, employed at trie Albion Mills, Gawler. A beg of flour iu a Rtack gave way, causing the whole to fall, and l'.ty, who was working Dear, was injured by »orne of the falling mass. Dr. Fopbam wet* c:iiL ,1 in to attend the s'lifercr. Tf.legi:APH Kta-nii.i at T;:ATP.iSi: Gvlly.— A public meetit;,' w;n held at Teatreo Gully to (OEftider the question of selocting ft witiblt! »itf fora Ttlegnifih .v.ati.'i!i b-.-tweon A.*.-l lirle a.u'1 Gumtratha. The meeting was largely attenfol, fcr.d motions nflirmiiig that Teatrce Gn'ly wan tin- FuiUble pl.ve for the station, and «xprw»itig approval of the building selected by theGoveru mtnr, were carried. It was decided to present a memorial to I'ailiiuuent advocating the pro posed site. Thb Poet Stkki:ti».— The state of soroo of tbe streets at Fort AiMauie was rery greatly ira ]-roved on Monday Ly tha cuwloyment, for tho first time, of a rouu-wraper. ' ^. ?. Funeral of Mr John Brown— The roll-call of the old pioneers is gradually growing shorter and shorter as Death thins the ranks of the colonists who came to South Australia when the site of the city was a foreat and the nature of the lack country as yet unknown. The last who has stepped out of the ranks to join the 'great majority' was Mr. John Brown, a colonist of '36, and his funeral took place on Monday afternoon, August 18. His remains were removed from the residence of Mrs. Mann, in Gilbert-street, Adelaide, to the Hindmarsh Cemetery; and the cortege consisted of two mourning-coaches and about twenty private vehicles following the hearse. Amongst the old colonists and frisnds who attended were \--the Hon. C.Mann, Q.C., M.P., and Mr. John Mann (Secretary to the Commissioner of Public 'Works), relatives; the Rev. J.Allen and Mr. J. J. Stuckey, connections ; Sir George Kingston (Speaker of the House of Assembly), Sir John Morpnetr, Messrs. TV. T- Sheppard (Under Treasurer), H. Fraser, M.P., C. S. Hare, M.P., E. S. Davys (Secretary Local Board of Main Roads), O. A. Wilson (Registrar of Probates), E. Cccper, Samuel Berry, H. Giles, J.P., V. Lamence, C. Smedley, J.P., G. Young, John Lindsay, H. Noltenius, J. P. Stow, J P, W. B. Gilbert. — Kirby. G. Aldridge, G. F. Gardiner, H. Holthouse, Dr. Kidner, and others. The service wa3 impressively read by the Rev. F. W Cox, and the funeral arrangements were con ducted by Mr. P. Gay. Public School AppoDinresTS.— The follow ing appointments . have been made by the Minister of Education, on the recommendation of the Inspector- General of Schools :— Head Teacher— E. W. 'Webb, Upper Stnrt. Provisional Teachers— La vicia 'Walters, Beachportj. D. O. Koser Hjnam; E. W. Haines, Boor's PUI113; Maria H. Lake, Athelstone; Caroline Forster, Kangaroo Flat; Marion Owen, Bugle Ranges. Assistants— Theresa Kilkelly, Whitmore-square; Maggie Kilkelly, Burra; Mary Herbert,~The bar ton t Marie Gilbert, Riverton ; Mary Kankine, City Model School. Sewing Mistresses— Selina A. Jones, Nairne; Emily Osborne, Port Lincoln; Sophia Ducommin, Blnmberg; Albertina Arndt Hamilton; Elizabeth W. Harris, BaUklava; T. L. Davie, pupil teacher, Kapunda; J. J. Hun*, monitor, Penola; Catherine Lottie, Tarlee W. Delany, Koseworthy; EL H. Davie, Stirling East ; Alice Gore, Uraidla. The following resig nations have been accepted :— Grace-Kerr, head teacher, Blytb; ? Shackleford, ditto, Mount Barker Springs ; Julia MacDonnell, Drovisional teacher, Kangaroo Flat j Maggie Neilson, ditto, Telowie ; Margaret Cowan, first assistant City Model School; Hannah M. Snllivan, asaistant, Kadica; Augusta Hall, pupil teacher, Glenelg; Clara J. Harry, Saddleworth. Istbbcoxoxiai. Stock Regulation. — The Victorian Government have notified to the Chief Secretary that Border Town has been appointed an additional place at which 'stock can be introduced into the sister colony by land, pursuant to the regulations under the diseases in Stock Act of 1S72. Thb Bishop of Adelaide.— His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide has gone to the North with the Archdeacon of Flinders, and will be absent about three weeks. Euro, Deaf, act Dmru Asylum.— The Chairman oi thb institution (Mr. W. Towusend, MJ?.), has received from Mr. William Cumish the sam of *even guineas, being the nmocnt Eubscrited by the Brothers of Court Happy Home in aid of the funds. Certificates of Compbtekct.— The ;Marine Eoard met on Monday morning, August 18, and approved of regulations submitted for the conduct of examinations of masters, mates, and engineers. There were present— Captain K. H. Ferguson, SJL (President), Captain J. W. Smith, JJE\, and Messrs. J. Formby and 'W. H. Charnock, J.P. (Wardens), and Mr. T. N. Stephens (Secretary). The drafted regulations, which had been compiled from those in use, from recent Board of Trade instructions, an I from other sources, were agreed to with one exception. Subjoined will be found references t - thb principal alterations as touched upon by tbe Beard:— Captain Smith first called attention to the omission of the words 'British ship,*'and was told that as they were not found in the Act i: would be contrary to the spirit to insert them. The matter being pressed, it was decided to refer the poiBt to the Crown law officers for settlement, as also with a view to have them included id any amended Act. Captain Smith observed, as to the domicile clause requiring three years' residence from candidates, that it proved a hardship in some cases. The President said it was insisted upon by the Board of Trade, who would not otherwise recognise colonial certificates. Two or three years ago the colonies united in a repre sentation on the subject to the Board of Trade, who in response conceded so far as to allow three years' residence in any or all of the colo nies to be accepted as equivalent to domicile within one. The Secretary read the Board of Trade's views as contained in a letter written on the occasion by Mr. Gray, who pointed out that the object of tie domicile clause was to prevent plucked candidates going to another port to pass en examination before the period had expired for which they were sent back to gain experience. It was further to secure the best possible know ledge of the character of the candidate before any certificate was issued. The object of granting certificates in the colonies was not to increase the number of ports at which they might be obtained, but to give bona - fide colonists an opportunity to pass the exami nations. Mr. Formby noticed the clause requiring candidates to serve a year ou square rigged tailing vessels for usual certi ficates of masters or mates, and it was mentioned that certificates were also granted marked for fore-and-aft-rigged, vessels only. Service on the coast was allowed to count with candidates for certificates for foreign-going ships— a nsefrl provision, as a previous - coasting experience was especially helpful to officers of ocean-going ships in entering ports. Reference was had to the engineers' examinations, and the clauses that service on board dredgers and steam-hopper barges whilst engaged in deepening operations would not be recognised as service at sea, though service as third engineer, under certain conditions, would be accepted as equivalent to service as second engineer for ' qualifying a * candidate for examination for a first-class engi neer's certificate. The new matter composing the regulations comprised provision for the issue of certificates as master, mate, or first and second engineer to vessels trading on the River Murray and its tributaries. - It was propose I that four years' service should be required t - allow a candidate to be examined for a mate's certificate, but the term was reduced to thre t ye&is.; The examinations indicated should b j sufficient to prevent other than intelligent men obtaining certificates. Examinations for masters or mates' certificates would not be opened unless candidates passed the. colour test. Thb Citt Cocscil.— At the meeting of the City Council on Monday, August 18, an estimate of tbe income and expenditure for 18S0 was submitted, by which it appears that the income, exclusive of city, special, cr health rates and Government grant-in-aid, will probably be £12,000. and the expenditure £40,150. The Council agreed to the suggestion of the Govern ment to pay one- half the cost of providing a fire-escape, and it was decided to order one from England. Portion of the City Market acre was authorized to be let for thirty years to Sir. BucknalL, for the erection of an hotel, at a rental ranging from £100 to £120 per annum. It was decided that the new Cattle Mirket yards should be erected on the west side of the road leading from the Forresters' and Squatters' Arms to the Slaughter-house. It was resolved to appeal against the decision of the Police Magistrate in the canes of the Corporation against shopkeepers for trading on Sunday. Mabike Board. — Ibis Board considered on Monday, August IS, an application from the ' Engineer ot Harbours and Jetties that deposits of silt from hopper-barges might be permitted at the b«ck of Torrens Island, as this would ensure a considerable saving in the cost of deepening operations. The barges, which now have to proceed to «ea to drop the spoil into deep water, would then have each journey reduced^ sixteen miles. The Port channel would also be improved by this means, as the force of the scour, so much needed at the outer bar, would be materially increased. It was inciden tally mentioned that the boat harbour might be as suitable as the site mentioned, but the Board decided to offer no objection to the proposal if the Government were satisfied that the rights and privilege of holders of water frontages wonld not be injured. Captain Gunnewon obtained a marine surveyor's licence upon the re commendation of the Chamber of Commerce. f°I™ ArsTRAUAS JOCMT CLUB SPEUtU Swsnso.— The nominations for the Spring Handicap, Handicap Hurdles, and Free Handi cap must be forwarded to the Secretary to-day before 4 o'clock. J Thh Fim at Khcsb k HomtASjTs -The City Coroner will hold an inquest at the York Hotel this afternoon on '.he fire which occurred at the shop of Messrs. Kruse & Hoffmann, Rnndle-street, on Sunday morning. 'Warm's Rooms.— On Saturday there were two representations of D'Arcy Bead's Ghost that in tie afternoon being for tbe convenience of children. There was a large attendance en each occasion, and all seemed plosei acd puzzled both at ifce illusions and delusions practised on Ihem. Tnis being th? I ist appew *nce of Mr. Bend in Adelaide thank* were re turned for the patronage bestowed. Thh Coohojto.— The sailing of this steatier for tbe outports his been postponed tfll Wed nesday. ..; ?.,.... . ...;: 