Amusements. Theatre EotaIi.— -A sor.Bon of burlesque com menced at tho Theatre Eoyal on Saturday night, with Madaino Scasi as the star. ' Lalla liookh ' was the' pieoa represented, proceeded by a comedietta, and there was a largo audience present. The burlesque abounds with o-ood music, and is nut on the stapre with that completeness that always distinguishes theatrical representations at this theatre. Madame Scasi is a very good burlesque actress, and will doubtless become a favourite with the public. She takes tho part of Feramorz, tho troubadour with whom Lalla Eookh falls in love, and who turns out to bo tho very prince Lalla was on her way to wed. Iu this cnaract'er she sings several songs in a very pleasing manner, among thn most noticeable being 'The Eink Waltz,' ' Joyous Foref-t,' and tho Scasi waltz song. Madamo Scasi is well supported by the company of the Eoyal, who seem to be thoronghly at home in every department of theatrical businesE. Miss Alice Deorwyn [undertook the part of Lalln Lookh, and a most charming princess she made. Miss Maggie Oliver was very popular and successful in the character of Hated, a firo-worshippor, and made a decided hit with a song extolling the merits of champagne. But tho great fun in tho piece wae in the character of Khorsanbad,' a fire-worshipping vright of the heavy villain order, impersonated by Mr. South in his most humorous vein. Mr. Brown, Miss O. Deorwyn, Mr. Hasker, Mr. Seagrave, Miss Melville, Miss Mainwaring, and other members of the company have also excellent parts to play, and acquit themselves with great credit. School op Arts.— There was a large audience on Saturday night at the Sohoolof Arts, when ProfeBEor Pepper delivered his second lecture on Light and OptioB, and conoluded with Voyages in the Air, or a Visit to Cloud Land, which is a history.of ballooning illustrated, and was greatly appreciated by the audi ence. The great attraction to-night is the production of an illusion which Professor Popper calls Metem psychosis, and is the joint invention of Mr. Walker and Professor Pepper, and is the most astbnisliing iiludion yet produced. On tho principal stage, in the centre, is fitted up a small secondary stage, which is well lighted uy concealed lamps, and-pn which an armchair is placed. The main stage is then dark ened, and the armchair being in the light, a -formless something is seen in the chair. The ghost rises, walks forward, and then stops. The footlights are turned up, and it is seen that the apparent ghosit is solid flash and blobd. Ho retires, reseats himselr.in the chair, and gradually, beforo the spectators' cyeS,v dissolves into thin air and vanishes. Many other wonderfnl things are done which are part of this illusion, and which stamp it as one of the most mar vellous of tho age. Queen's Theatre. — At the Queen's Theatro -.on Saturday evening, a new sensational drama called 'The Cut Glove' was produced for the first time. It jvas written by Mr. Clay Greene for Messrs. Baker and Fail-on, and is full of sensational and amusing situations. Tbo villains of the plot are Chauncey Burr and Matthew Holworth, who murder their em ployer, a Mr. Stacy: in doing so Burr re ceives a wound on his hand, which cuts through his glove ; the son, Harry Stacy i(Mr. Booth) is - accused, tried, and convicted ; bnt is afterwards pardoned and sails for America, On board the ship he falls in with a German, Jacob Himmelmehr (Mr. ijaker), who has recovered the cnt glove thrown away by Burr, and who vows to find an owner for the elove. Jacob and Harry Stacy then find that the two they suspect (Burr and Holworth) are on board, and determine to watch them, bnt in spite of their vigilance, Burr succeeds in robbing his sister, also on board, of some papers, and then throw ing her overboard; she is rescued by Jacob, but dies after leaving her little child, Lily (Miss Henrietta Sherwin), in charge of Jaoob and Christina (Mr. Far rori). In the last act Jacob and Christina are married and are living happily when those scoundrels endeavour to remove the clnld in order to got the -property which is left it. In this they aro again rustrated by Jacob, who assumes the garb of an old kidnapper. They then determine to trap Stacy, and write him a note informing him of a place where he may meet his old enemies. He goes only to fall into the snare sot for him. Burr and Holworth secure him to a rock, which is to be blasted, and light tho fuse. Christina and Jacob, who have found tho lettor, fearing troocher.v, proceed t3 the spot indi cated in a trolly, which is seen coming over the hills in front of an engine, and reach the spot in time to cut the fuse and liberate their friend from an awfnl death. Tho whole of- tho pioco -went smoothly, and the characters were well sustained. The songs were amusing, and the rapid changes of the principals were astonishing. It will be repeated this evening, and is well worthy of a visit. Victokia THEiTBE.—' Foiled,' a sensational drama by Walter H. Coopor, was produced on Satur day night before a. largo audicnoo. It is full of gripping, and oft-times critical, situations, and is exceedingly well written. Tho plot iB already so well known to most of the- Sydney publio that it ia neod Isas to rapsat it here. Mr. George Worrell plays the part of Paul Donvors with his usual easy and off iand style. -Thereat of tho casts -was as follows :-*? £Jufi;jL,^Kef. Jfr,,E»«ifordy;.Abfl} Oxouoh, 3ttr,,-Bi J White; Andrew Scarsdia*.-,^. -eraan;'Aafii Scars dale-, Miss Annie Mayors the female oowiot.JHiBsA. Watt-Tanner; and Cecil Danvers, Mr. Elliott. Mr. Darrell thanked the audience for their attendance at the conclusion of the piece, and hoped that tho pro duction; of Australian written plays wonld prove 2. success. 'Foiled' is to be repeated' until further notice, and. should have a good run. To-night there is to be another change m the pro gramme at the English Circus. Tho new spectacular piece, entitled ' Tho French Jack Shepherd,' is ex ceedingly amusing and attractive. During the evening some beautifully trained horses are pu through- very clever- performances., The- clowns and ? lady jester never fail in oreatiiig-tho greatest merri ment, and altogether a most enjoyable eveningmay be spent at this c:ost comfortable and well furnished pavilion. ? * ? 