A,LEGEND OF GQIi&GNE.; ' BT BEET 'EUTI. : ? ?1 ABOVE the bones . "j St. Ursula owns, Andthoseof the virgins she chaperona; ' . ' Above the boats. And the bridge that floats, And the Bhino and the steamer's smoky throats; ?. lAboTe.the-Xbimiioys and' quaint'tiled roofs, ? Above, the clatter of wheels and hoofs; ?A.bove"Newmarket's open space, Above that conscrated place "Where the genuine bones of the Magi seen are. And the dozen shops of the real Farina, ' Higher than even old H67n*tru»e, Whose houses threaten the timid pas ser; . . . v ?? Above them all, Through scaffolds tall And spires like delicate limbs in-.splinters, ? The great Cologne's Cathedral stones ^ , Climb through the storms of eight hundred winters. Unfinished there, : In high' mid air: The towers h< like a broken prayer ; Through years belated^ ^ Unconsummated, * < The hope of its architect, quite frus trated. ' ' i Its very youth ' They say, foraooth, j With a quite improper purpose mated; And every stone ? . i With a curse of its "own , ! Instead of that sermon Shakspeare stated,; Since.the4ay.its choir, : . i Which all admire, j By Cologne's Archbishop, was consecrated.1 Ah I that whb a' day, ' j One well might, say, ' To be marked with the . largest,' whitest stone To bo found in 'the towers of all' Cologne! . Along'the Bhine, i i From old Bhbinstein, . 'j .The peoyle flowed 'like their own good wine. ' From'Eudesheim, . . j And Geisenhoim, . . ! And ovory spot that is known to rhyme ; ?, 1 Prom the famed Cat's Castle of. St. Soars '' ' hausem, ' ' .' . . . * . ' ; To the pictur&d; roofs of Assinahrishausen ; And down, the track,! .* From'quaint Schwalbach I To the clustering tiles of Bacharaoh ; > ! From Bingen, hence ; ? To.old Coblentz: : ; ? - j From every castellated crag, ?. ?. * Whore the ..robber .chieftains kept "their! ."swag," . The folk flowed in, and Ober-casscI Shone -withjtbo pomp of knight and vassal;' And pouring in from near and far, As the Rhino to its bosom draws the Ahr, | Or'takes the arm of tho sober Mosel, i So in; Cologne, knight, squire, andlosel, I Choked up the city's gates with men I From old St. Stephen to Zint MUrjen. 1 What had they come to see ? Ah me !> I fear no glitter of pageantry, j ' Nor-sacred zeal ... . . i For Church's weal, I Nor faith in the virgins' bones to heal; ? Nor childlike trust in frank confession' Drew these, who,' dyed in deep trans' greBBion,' ^ Still in each nost On every, crest i Kept stolen goods in their possession; , ? But only thoir goilt i For something new, ' More.rare tliun the "roast" of a wandering!: Jew; " i Or-to be exact. To see-in foot-- -j A Christian soul,. in,tho very act ! Of being1 damned, secundum cLvtoni, By the devil before a soul, oould parti 'em. . i; For*tt rumour had flown Throughout Cologne, ! That the Church, in fact, was the. devil's1 own; ;r: '. ; .; 'That its architect . . ? ' . ' ,(Beinglong !f suspect,f.),V j Hod confessed, to . the. bishop ,that .he -hod! vrreckt ; ' "... i .Notonly his.own soul, but-had jost i The very first Christian soul that crossed, , The sacred threshold; and all, infine, j . For that very beautiful design ?, ! \- Of .the wonderful choir . , They were'pleased to admire. .; ! Ajid l'Gaily, he must be allowed to say-»' To speak in a purely business way .. That, taking, tho ruling markot prices ' -? Of SOUIb'and churches, in such a crisis It would bo shown , And Bis Grace must own- i It was really a bargain for Cologne! > > Such was the tnlo \ ; That turned cheeks palo j With the thought that tho onorny wight: ; . prevail, , , i ' 'And the. ohuroh doors snap ' With a thunder-clap On a Christian.soul in that dovil's trap. . 'But a. wiser few, Who! thought that thoy knew Cologne's Archbishop, replied, "Pooh, pooh! \- . Just watohnim and wait, And as sure as fato j Tou'll find that tho Bishop will give 1 chsck mate."'. ? / i One hero .might note - - ; ., How the-popular voto, As shown in all legends and anecdote, .Declares that abreach ., . ....-i; _ Of trust to o'erroaoh ! : The devil is something quito proper for eaoh;: And really, if you v Give tho .devil his due, : , - In spite of the .proverb-it's something you'll! \- ... rue.;., . ,s ... .. , ... . - , s-i -Mi ? But to.lie.and daoeive.him, ? . 1 ,, To use and to leavo him, . ' Prom Job up to Faust is tho way to ? receive . : ? . him,.... .. > j , Thoughno ono has hoard -Ifc over,ayerred . , That tlie .'VFathor .of (Xaes'' over -yet broke /<» word, . . ' , . ' > . But has left this position, . . I In.eyeiy tradition, . ; To be taken^alono by the ".Truth loving" Christian I | Bom !;from the tower! '1 It is the hour f Tho host pours in in its pomp and power \- "Of banners and pyx,' | . ' And high'oruoifibc;* ... '/ ' And'orosiers and othier proo'essional 'sticks, ' And no end of Marys . - In quaint reliquaries, To gladden the souls or all true antiquaries; ,.. : And an^OsculumPubis- ?? (A myth to the masses Who trusted their bones moro to mail and ouirssses)i 1 ? ' . ?; All borne .by the throng - . Who are marohiug along' : 1 To the square of. the Dom with.prooesiional song, With the flaring of dips, And bonding of hips, And the .ohanting of hundred porfunetory ? ' lips; ? ' And somo good littlo boys "Who had comb np from Neuss ' ' And tho - Qairinuakircho toahow. off: 'their voice; ?if.r..y .Allmareh to .the square ' ' _. Of the great Dom, and there Pile right and left,- leaving, alone .and.,quite . baro ' " ? ! ' , , A ooverod sedan ' ' ? ? I.Otmtalningfjpso ran . Tho. rtiinpur^the ,viotim to. tako off the ban.' .-They have loft it alono, They havo sprinklod onah stone Of; the l ponoh', with . !a-.''sanbtiiled "'San do ?iCologiiei ????? ,. ;?> ? : >{ Guaranteed in this oaso .i.'i-j;-.; b.To'diBguisa'erery traoe ^ . . ; Of a sulphurous presence in that sacred place. Two Carmelites stand . On the right and left hand Of the covered sedan chair, to wait the com mand ' - .' Of the prelate to throw ' . Tip the cover and show The form of the victim in terror.below. There's a pause and a prayer . Then the signal, and there Is a woman !-by all that is goodandis fairj^ A woman! and known TothemalL One must own . Too -well-known' to the many," to - day to be shown , , ... < ' As a martyr, or e'en ' As a Christian! A queen Of pleasautice and revel, of glitter and sheen; So had that the worst' 1 i ' Of Cologne spake up first, And declared 'twas au outrage to suffer one caret , \- And already tf fief' ' Of the Satanio chief, To martyr herself for the Church's relief. But in vain fell their sneer On the mob, who I fear On the whole felt a strong disposition to cheer. A woman ! and there: . She stands in the glare _ Of tho pitiless sun and their pitying stare, j . I A woman still young, ' . , With, garments that olung To a figure, though wasted with passion, and , , wrung t.. With remorse and despair, \- Yet still passing fair, , _ ; With jewels and gold, in her dark shining , ....... hair,. . , . . .. ,1 ... . And cheeks that are faint ( 'Neath her dyes and her paint A woman most surely-but hardly a saint! * She moves.' She has gone ; -From their pity'and soorn; < Sho has mounted alono » . The first step, of stone, . And the high swinging doors:she wide open has thrown, ?' . : Then pauses and turnB As tho' altar blaze burns > . i On her cheeks, and with one sudden gesture "shei spurns . Archbishop and prior,: : > . Knight, ladyo, and friar, ! And her voioe rings out high from the vault of tho ohoir. . " Oh, men of Cologne! , (What X was ye have known, -! 'What I.am, as I stand ,here, One knowetli . alone. - 1 If it be but His will . I shall pass from Him still : Lost, curat, and degraded," I reokon no "ill, If still by that sijfn ' \ Of His anger divine One soul shall bo saved'^He hath blessed more than mine! | Oh, men of . Cologne! j Stand forth if yo own ! A faith like to this, or morafit to atone, ' I ; And take ye my place, I And God givo you grace To stand and confront Him', Hke me, face to .'';face!" , ' ! She paused. Tet aloof , i . They all stand. No reproof Breaks tlio silence that fills tho celestial roof.; ' One inBtant-.no more- : | She halts at tho door, . ! Then enters! . . . j A flood from the roof to tho floor . > Fills tho churoh rosy rod. She is gone! . But instead, i Who is this, loaning forward ??with' glorified head . . ' And hands stretched to save ? "j Suro, this is no slave ' \ I Of the Powers of Darkness, with ispeot so . bravoP ' I .They press to the door, , i But too late ! All is o'er ; ; Nought remains but. a-woman's-form prone' .,, on the floor.'. . ! \- But (hey still see a trace ! Of that glow in her face, i That they saw in the light of the altar's high blaze,' ' On tho imago that stands , With the Babe in its hands, i Enshrined in ^the ichurcKbs of all Christian ' lands. j A Te Deum sung, i. i * :rf >: !!.Ac0nser:high swung, -With praise, benediction, and incense wide flung, . ? - I . Proclaim that the curse Is removed-and no worse ; - Is the Dom for tho trial-in fact, tho reverie. For instead of their losing . i A soul in abusing . ThG Evil One's faith, they gained one of his' 1 'choosing. . . ' ! Thus the legend is told, j You will find in the old Vaulted aiBlos of the Dom-Btiff in marble or cold _ | \- In iron and brass, I In gown and ouirass. r \ " [ The knights, priests, and bishops who cairio' .' to that Mass. [ And liigh o'er,tho rest,' | ( With hor Babe at her. breast, ... > The image of Mary Modoi).na-the blost. '. But you look round in vain, " j On each high pictured pane/ | For the woman most worthy to walk in her, ? ? train. " i i < Yet, standing to-day . v . > ! O'er the dust and the olay, I 'Midst the ghosts of .a:jlife that .has long, , ? passed away,, , . . < ; With the slow-sinking sun ; Looking softly .upon . ; { That stained- glass;procession, I scaroe miss, . '? the one . j : . , . That it does not reveal, : j-i.j , - -i j i- i For, I:knowiand l,foel: .-r-v . ) That ithese are but shadows-tho 'woman vrasreal.v \--JBclgravia. ' ON ' 'WEDDiNa EiNaB.-From vary early 8geB' a-peonliar obarm appears to hovebeen oonneoted with the ring. Without beginning! or end, it , has.'long been regarded bb- an' emblem of eternity, and also ofthe'strength and perpetuity of offeotion.' The (oartb finger of the loft hand has long been' con sidered saored, and hence has been conse crated to wear tho wedding ring. The Greeks and Romans were so folly oonvinoed of the intrinsio valne attaohed tothis finger, that, it was called tlie modical or healing finger, t Their various modioinal preparations were I stirred with it in plaae of a Bpoon, it being supposed that ehoald any noxious ingredient be inolnded in tho cup, warning of the faot would immediately bo given by a palpitation of the heart. In some remote ooantry'plnoes in England this superstition' is still firmly bBlieved in. The other fingers aro thought to possess a oortain power of evil, but a wound or sore stroked by the wedding finger is expeoted by thom in a short time to dis appear; and the wedding ring itself is by many sopposod to have the same healing effeot. The rings uBed by the Jews at their marriage oeremonies were sometimes Tory large in bIzo, and elaborate in design; the Jewish law demanded, too, that they should be of a oortain value, and to prove this to be the ease, they woro before the aeremony submitted to an examination. It was a rule, also, that tho bridegroom should purchase tho ring out of his own private resources, and not obtain it either on crodit or as a gift from a friend; and after tho ring had been plaaed on tho bride's fingor, the marriage was conBidered thon, as it is now, to be irrevocably binding. Among tho liBhermen on the west coast fo Iroland the wodding ring is liopt as an heirloom in the family, and is considered bb tho proporry of tho eldost married daughter, consequently many; of the wodding rin«s still worn by tho fish wives in that district aro quite old and of exceedingly onoient dosign, boing manu factured as far back as tho Elizabethan era. In the sixtoonth oentnry, both marriage and botroihal rings woro made with a motto or posy InBaribed insido, and to these Shake poare, in two or three of his plays, ralera. Catseiri Dom<stio Dictionary, ;?, 