legislative assembly. tuesday, 2nd december, .rahe speaker took the ohair at eight Routes past 2 o'olock. : diseases in stock, BERRY, in reply to Mr. L. L read the following from the chief m»oU>T of stock "Referring to fch- tiwfool on the notloe-paper, to be asked by L. Smith, 1 have the honour to state, 'jk ®gards the first, viz , the cause of death ol eighty head of Air. TysonV Vfa near Pakeuham, that informatior A J asked concerning this matter on 26 V fa the Legislative Assembly, by \- 1 R H. Cameron ; that I reported on the fifeot <m 30th of tint tiAlnflnn Anf I deaths were the result of the having gorged themselves when fa a . k semi- starvation with unsuitable No post-mortem was made, as the ease iBc perfectly olear, and no postmortem ffiffuired. Had It been otherwise, the repre- apvfafa action r taken by the Government y«umy surgeon with respect to oattle would have rendered such wsl'Bioriew impraotloable. Should you s®® it advisable, I shall have great jpfa8 fa reporting this oase in ex sNp. After arriving at their destination af6 cattle were faspeoted by Inspector H rung, and found free from disease. As ffi/ the second question, I have the wfaour to state that what occurred in JHelaide with respect to Mr. Tyson's oattle SliBot been reported at this office, nor did SpXpoot a report on the snbjeot, but I have f|nsten to the chief inspector there. jk®' l. l, SMITH desired to ask the Secretary, without notice, whether a Sporty fa a morning paper, that Mr. w/eon s oattle were now suffering from SSenro-pnuemonla was correct, and whether J would appoint a Royal commission to take fMdenoe and inquire into the working of f|.e Stock Diseases Act, 1872. M. BERRY said he had thought about &?polatfag a Royal commission, but was not a spared to give an answer to the qnsstion '% ithoufc farther consideration. railway charges on wheat. Mr. DOW asked £ne Counuiae toner ' ! I $ ilways whether, upon tbe completion c" 4 o railway connection between Spenc r rest and Sandridge, he vviii have wiieat . ' j other agricultural produoe oonveyed right through to the seaboard at the same rates as those between the ap-oonntry stations and Spenoer street ; and whether, instead of oharging at the rate of 3d. per ton per mile between the seaboard and Spencer street upon wheat and other grain rejected for export purposes, he will allow it to return free. Mr. WOODS, fa reply, said the question affected the Hobson's Bay Railway more than all the Government lines, and the | Government had no desire to interfere with the working of the line more than they could avoid, as the assimilation wonld take piaoe , gradually. This matter he had spoken to j Mr. Elsdon about, who desired time to think j the matter over ; but he (Mr. Woods) might state that every endeavour would be made to meet the wishes of the export trade. He thought if farmers were going to look for ward to a large export trade fa wheat, they wonld have to go fa, as fa America, for I special tracks, and have the wheat shot into j the ships to save handling. j Mr. GILLIES : And Bpeoial ships to take ! it sway. (Laughter, ) | Mr. WOODS said he had only to say that the Railway Department wonld do all they conld to assist the erport trade. carlsruhe and daylesford railway. J Sir B. O'LOGHLEN moved for leave to | bring in a bill to authorise the extension of I the Carlsrahe and Daylesford Railway. Mr. GILLIES desired to know how it was that the Minister of Railways allowed his colleague the Attorney- General to introduce this bUI. The first time this bill was intro duced, the line was to go from Woodend to Daylesford, then it was altered to Carls- ruhe, and now they were submitting another proposition. He certainly thought the House was entitled to some information on this snbjeot. Mr. SERVICE said there was other fa- formation also necessary. He believed the Railway Department was committed to a former site for a railway station, and that j the notioeB had been served on the property owners. He desired to know whether, sb I chief engineer, it was not the duty of the 1 Minister to visit these places ; and if so, how j often had he done so during the last twelve I months. I Mr. WOODS admitted that the notices I had been served, but that was nothing un- j usual, as it was done after the first passing I of the bill. It was found now that it wonld I be more convenient to the people of Dayles- ( ford to carry the station about twenty- five | chains further on. Mr. Ford, who was the j constructing engineer, attended to these I matters, and had reports from all sources in | favour of it. In reference to visiting all J places, it was simply an impossibility, as I they had opened about 140 places during the last two years. After a few remarks from Mr. andrew I sad Mr. richardson, leave was given for the bill to be introduced. I Sir b. o'loghlen then introduced the bill, which was read a first time, ordered to I be printed, and read again a second time on | Thursday, 4th Inst. I the reform bill, ' i The Honse then went into committee on the Reform Bi1 1, Mr, BERRY moved that the 6 th olause should be struck out, and tbe following in serted fa lieu thereof: — "Notwithstanding the rejection ' of an annual Appropriation , Bill or of a Consolidated Revenue Bill by the Legislative Council, and fa the event of : suoh rejection' then on the adoption by the Legislative Assembly of any report from tbe oommittee of supply containing a resolution that any sum be granted to Her Majesty, such sum shall become legally available for and applicable to the service or purpose mentioned fa suoh resolution, and may be issued accordingly out of the oonsoli- 1 dated revenue, anything fa the 55th section of the ' Constitution Act ' to the contrary not- I withstanding . Provided always that the I ' rejection ' of any such bill may be held to I have taken plaoe for the purposes of this | section upon any such bill not having I been passed bv the Legislative fJnnnnll within I one month after its transmission from the j Legislative Assembly, unless Parliament be sooner dissolved or prorogued." In submit ting this clause, he said it was no doubt with regret many hon.' members considered it necessary to embody a provision of suoh a character in an aot of Parliament ; bnt ex- oerieuce had shown the want of a clause of this kind — (hear, hear) — as was evidenced by the difficulties between the Legislative Council and the Assembly and the four dead- looks which had ocourred. He bad never varied in his opinion that the Constitution Act of this country should be, aud always I was intended to be, a reflex of the Constitu- I .ion Aot of Great Britain. That was pro- I viaea zor oy tne Ob en section of the statute, and it was also shown that appropriation acts should not be interfered with by tbe Counoll ; they could not alter them, but they had the power of rejecting them. The House of Commons alwayB embodied all their ways and means fa one bill. (Mr. casey: Except appropriation bills.) He j could assure hon, members that a variety of taxes had been included fa one bill by tbe House of' Commons, (An Hon. Member : No.) He did not wish to state that sdoh was done fa every oase, but the House of Com mons had done so to proteot their privileges. The repeal of the Paper Bill was so em bodied. He mentioned it fa order to more olearly show what underlies the Reform Bill, and what has been done by the Honse of Commons. If the Legislative Connoil had I been willing to adhere to the practice of the I Honse of Lords, It wonld have been suffi cient, bat they went farther, and placed their power over the Assembly. He might mention to them that a certain writer in I England had said that the House of Com mons did not possess the same powers as the I Legislative Assembly of Victoria did, bat | then certain organB of the Press had so I falsified their position that they believed | this Assembly was unlike the House of Commons, and not fit to be trusted with I the same privileges as the houbo of | Commons enjoyed. He maintained thejr I only required the same privileges as | were enjoyed by the Honse of Con- I uiooe, «co bad tbe right of granting aid j nd supplies to the Crown, and which had I uesn granted by tbe Commons alone, and | although the Lords still claimed the right, I I they never attemptecT to exercise it.. They I were, as be said, only shown Ode side, I 1 and he wished 'to call their attention to an J j extract from the Westminster Review of July, I 1879\. It says;— -"To turn the Assembly I ioto a House of Commons, there must bs 1 some modification of the existing fran- I I ohise, and there must be some al- j I teration fa the personnel of the mem- | I bers. To do away with manhood suffrage I I onoe It has been Introduced Is impossible, | I bnt its effect may be qualified. . . , Very! I great things are to be expected of the re- j soindlng of the present temporary arrange- I meats for the payment of members. The I abolition of this — an abolition warmly advo- | cated by an increasing class in the oolony — I wonld go a long way towards improving the j tone and dignity of the Honse, and attraot- j fag to it a better and more ludepen- I I dent olass of members," He considered I that they were entitled to the same privl- I leges as the Honse of Commons, but he oon- 1 eluded from that that they were Teokoned I not equal to the Commons, and therefore I not entitled to it. He thought the olause | he had submitted would meet all parties, I and would be very much surprised at a --y 1 I dlfferenoe fa the ranks of Liberals — (An Hou. I Member: That's yoar side.) — over the I settlement of the question. From the year 1865 until the present time he had never heard a doubt expressed, nntil very recently, as to the power they claimed, and he main tained that the Constitution gave them the power to pay on the authority of the As sembly alone, ("Hear, hear," and " No, no.") He was of opinion that it was the intention of the framers of the aot to give the As sembly ail the rights and privileges of the House of Commons. He desired to impress upon hon. members that they asked for nothing more than what was embodied in ! the aot, and it was according to tbe opinion | j of the best of lawyers as he had stated, and | the free interpretation of the olanse was that money was payable on the vote of the Assembly alone. It waB, however, con sidered desirable to take the opinion of the other House, although they never dreamed it would ever be need as it had been on fonr different occasions, whereby the whole maohinery of the colony had been thrown out of order. This olause wonld only be used to prevent Buoh disaster, and with it on the Statute-book, there would be no more deadlocks in the oolony. (Hear, hear.) The question he had to submit to hon, members I for their consideration was to ohoose between I this clanse and the probability of another j deadlock. He was not surprised at the op- j position offered to it by hon. members on j the other side of the Honse, but if the clause J was rejected, it was practically saying that j all the action of the Assembly had been wrong, whereas by accepting it, they could never be I thrown into another deadlock. (Cheers.) j Mr. GILLIES Bald he did not know that I he would have had anything to say upon this | clause at all, had not the Chief Secretary thought it his duty to go over the old ground j that had been so often gone over before, j and to make statements whioh were wholly without foundation. The objection which j he (Mr. Berry) said the clause in its amended form would override, did not represent the i I objections of the Opposition, and he (Mr. I Gillies) was further surprised that the hon. I gentleman should continue to reiterate what I he asBerts to be the claims of this House in I matters of finance being placed on a par j with those of the House of Commons. The i House of Commons claimed no suoh praotloe as that oontaioed in the 6th clause whatever. The despatch of the Secretary of State for the Colonies olearly laid down the practioe j of that body with respeot to the payment of publio moneys, and on what authority. The opinion given by various learned gentlemen here, to the effect that money could be made | available without the authority of an appropriation aot, was based on a misapprehension, and that misapprehension I was, that it was the praotloe of the Hoase of J Commons so to do. Now, however, we were I made aware beyond a doubt that it was not the practice of the House of Commons, j That anfiofinn area Lsi- . I I w v awwwu DPOOIUU, BUU M j despatch was sent home to the Imperial authorities to know whether moneys could become legally available upou the adoption of a resolution reported to the Honse. They were told moneys nnder such circumstances were not legally available, and Ministers were well aware of the oase when they in structed the Governor to send home to find that out. Now, what he (Mr. Gillies) wanted to do was to point out olearly, step I by step, that whioh they were now oompelied I to admit — first, that fa our law, money j t could not be made legally available after j being simply reported to the House from | committee of sfipply. That was not legal 1 acoording to our law. Here, in a olear I j manner, it was laid before them that suoh I was not the practice of the House of I Commons. The hon, member thu 'pro- I ceeded to read from the despatch of I Sir Michael Hicks Beach to show that I the money did not become available nntjl I appropriated by an aot of Parliament, and I embodied in. a bill passed by both Homes of I Legislature. Nothing, in his ootnlon, could be more olearly laid down. The bill was introduced and passed by both Houses be fore the money oouid become legally avail able. His (Mr Giilies's) attention had been drawn to an assertion that the Chief Secre tary had not referred this question home, ! In fact, .the Chief Secretary denied it. He j (Mr. Gillies) accordingly read from a copy of Sir George Bowen's letter to the Secretary I of State, wherein it was stated that he (Sir George) asked the question at the instance of his advisers, Mr. BERRY : Why don't you read the memorandum of the Government, not what nether person writes ? Mr. GILLIES : If the hon. gentleman wonld deny the acouraoy of the despatch, of course he would say no more about it, Mr, BERRY desired to explain. There was all the diff rence in the world between the facts as laid down. The Governor, in seeking advice, had |to state the case fully, and the Government therefore gave him all the information In their power- to enable him to do so correctly. That was a totally dif ferent thing from advising him to send bom. Mr, GILLIES contended there could be no coubt as to the interpretation of the extract he had just read, for every one believed it I was on the advice of hia Ministers that ' the Governor sent home. The Chief Seore- ; tary had before etated that the praotloe of paying moneys after the fashion of the 6th olause was not to be a permanent, hat only n temporary one. He (Mr, Gillies) could see, it was now intended to be permanent. In his opinion the bill of last session, fa respeot to ' this olanse, wonld be far prefer able, for fa that it was said it was not neces sary to get this oon seat of the Counoll at all. It would be better, he thought, to takeaway their power legally than to hold a pistol at their heads and say to them, We don't pare whether you objeot or not, we will pay the money all the same." In one case they would have the satisfaction of knowing that the responsi bility rested with the Chamber alone. Now, Until it was determined that we 'were only going to have one branch of Legislature he did not believe in the responsibility resting ' with this I Chamber alone. At present, It was in- j consistent With the praotloe of having two branohes of Legislature. There was no authority at home who was prepared to deoy the privilege of the House of Lords to rejeot any bill, money or otherwise, and the name ground as would prevent the I Imperial Parliament from passing suoh a I proposal sb that ought to be a sufficient rea- I son for onr not doing so. If the bill was I passed into law, this olanse would be a great I stumbling-block to it, and would, before I long, have to be repealed. He (Mr. Gillies) I had, however, not the ghost of a fear of the I bill becoming law, for neither this clause I nor the plebiscite would be advooated by a I single statesman fa England, He had hoped j that they would have dropped the olanse I altogether, for, after all, it was not better than it was in its original form. The mere fact of the exlstenoe of the check was a very valuable safeguard, and It shonld, therefore, not be destroyed. Slr -B. O'LOGHLEN remarked that he had addressed a number of meetings of late, and had found that at least four-fifths of those present were fa unison with the views of the Government with respeot to this olause. He contended that the statesmen of England would endorse, prao- | tioally, any bill passed by this Assembly, i | As to tbe polioy of the olause, hon. members knew it only came into operation when a money bill was thrown ont, and he wonld venture to say that if passed it would never require to be used. The practice of the House of CommonB was clearly laid down in the despatch, but it was because the House of Lords acted in harmony with it. If it did not, tbe House of Commons wonld soon find a road out of the difficulty, aud that road I would be the payment of moneys npon a re- I solution reported to the Hoaee. The opinion | given by English law officers upon the | msauing of " legally available," was, it had to I be remembered, a purely technical legal ( opinion, and not an expression as to the ( rights and privileges of the Honse of As sembly. I Mr. CASEY desired to say a few words j as to the statement of the. Attorney General j with regard to the claims and power of the I House of Commons respecting money bills. He asked the hon. nentleman to nw aamn I attention to the opinion given by Sir , Michael Hicks- Beaoh, backed up as it I j was by the lay officers, themselves members of the House of Commons. ' He desired to point , out that there was a principle in England by whioh the Crown could anticipate the revenue by the issue of exchequer hills, and the act Bpeoified nnder what oironmstanoes those bills could be j Issued. They oould only be issued when 1 supplies had been granted by the House of 1 Common, and covered by ways and means, j and he proceeded to quote the olauses from I the aot to show that that power oonld only I be exercised when ways and means had been I granted by Parliament. He contended that I the House of Commons bad not the power, 1 as 'was laid down by the Attorney- General, 1 and therefore it would not be expedient for I them to adopt that power fa this Chamber I I <«. JiJ <. rr _ , . . I ( uiu uut nsai ty bjubk. xlo reierrea CO the despatches of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach, aud contended by them the Attorney- General oouid not claim him as one .of the statesmen I who wonld pass an aot of Parliament at the I request of that House. He (Mr. Casey) I might also remark, parenthetically, that, | supposing they passed this olause, what guarantee would they have that they would I not use the power whioh Sir Miohaei Hioks- I I tfeach eays they ought not to use incorrectly, I when in spch case he considered the! Council should have' the power to interfere. I Morepyey. he maintained that the House of I Commons had not the power to pay on their j ownYote,>8 was argued by the Attorney- I General, the power referred to beino onlv 1 | given in the base of exchequer bills, whioh he I had already referred to. With respect to j the amended clause brought in by the Chief Seore Sary, he (Mr. Casey) desired to point j ont that, supposing the Govermqpnt, who I had a good majority at their back, deter- I mined that instead of paying both Houses of I Parliament, they would pay only J that I majority. What oheok was there to prevent f them doing' ft? I Mr, ANDREW : Does not the mtjorlty j represent the ooontry ? (Laughter.) j Mr. CASEY: Suppoafag they do, that does I not prevent the Government paying L500 a year only to those members who support them. Mr. M'INTYRE : They would have a large crowd. (Laughter.) Mr. CASEY : What check is there againBt them doins It ? Mr. ANDREW : It's an absolute ab surdity. Mr. CASEY did not think so ; it oonld be done. An hon. member : The minority would prevent that. Mr. CASEY : How ? An hon. member : By stonewalling. Mr. CASEY said another iron hand might then be introduced. He had no desire to J cripple the House, but he desired when passing such a clause giving power to this HouSP to make payments on its own vote I alone, that it should be done in each a way as they oonld defend before their consti tuents and the country, I Mr. L4LOR desired to refer the hon. J member for Mandnrang to the authority of j the House of CommonB wherein L6,G00,G00 > i | were granted to Her Majesty, and ottt. Mr. C ASEY said on that point the R of Commons had been engaged f J! days discussing whether they should J?1 war, and they were -u-owered to SJ? money whioh was afterwards piovHf?14 by a supply bUI approved by theLwd? n was not dealing particularly w|th tjon, but was replying to the Atto£" General, who contended that the R ey! Commons had the power to pay own vote alone, without the ominUf i£ House of Dords, and he (Mr. Caaev? tended they oonld not. 5) m' Mr. LALOR said all they required - to make our Constitution the WMi.iEngt.nd, „d farther „„ HlT" marks he stated that if they had a JUi Upper Hanaa he did not Ufa obuue wonld ever be required. Mr, KERFERD said the hon. who h»d joet e.t down hid urefalle Jrfijl rpaod the. objeot without expK,Z„ opinion. (Hear, hear.) Be (Mr PM fD? hd 4® ple"nre of bearing th Secretary remarks, whloh he y! doubt were very much like what was nnt! medicine bottles - " rBn«.t ? (Laughter. ) They had, however, had explanation given to them by the Attorn/ General, who, with all his knowledge hS I just found out that the House of CommoM oould pay money on their own vote The hon. gentleman contended that tW had suoh power, whioh be (Mr. Kerferdlsnd other members, according to their under, standing of the aot, maintained oould not be done. He referred to the despatches nf oil Michael HIoke-Be-oh, whloh hrf b-t quoted by previous speakers, and also to the Btendlng orders of the House of Commons, wherein it was stated that ail Uxitlon bSS shonld commence with the Commons bni admitting that the Lords had the power al! though they very seldom used it, to reieoft such bills, the clause now submitted to in1? ?U?f ,ifc .Wa8 p,rovided all such bills should begin and end in the Assembly The Government had given them no reascu far such a serious departure from the prao. tioe of the English Constitution. By this clause a resolution passing a vote of money could not be kept alive during the proroga. tion of the House, and would, therefore have no effect at all. He, for ods, would never oonsent to give to one body such a power as was there asked for. The people of this country, he was satisfied, would not approve of their giving that power, and he would therefore vote against the olause. Mr. andrew supported the clause. Sir J. O shanassy said the appearanoe of the House indicated that hon. membere were tired of the discussion. At the same time, he did not like to give a vote on so serious a question ae this without giving some reason for his opinion. He first grata, la-ed the Chief Secretary on his change of opinion, fa ha found that, in 1861, that gentleman moved for the striking out of a olause in the Appropriation Bill, a proceed- ing whioh he would not lend himself to. The boh, member proceeded to point oat that the Government had failed completely to prove that what they were asking was in conson- anoe with the praotice of the House of Com. mons, and therefore they had no right to waste the tlms of the country in the way they were defag. After some remarks from Mr, Riohardson, Dr. Madden, Mr, Dow, Mr. Gauoson, and j other members, | The Honee then divided as follows on the I question that the new olause proposed by the Government be inserted in plaee of the 6th clause struck out : — Ayes, thlrty-eiz ; noes, thirty -five. Majority in favour of the clause, one. (Loud cheers and counter oheers.) The following was the division-list AYE8 Mr- Andrew Mr. Dixon ' Sir B. O'Loghlso Barr Fioeham Mr. Patterson Bell Grant Bees Berry Bant Richardson Billeon Johnstone Balnsomy Bowman LiDirrldM Smith. L. L Cameron, D. Laurens Smith, W. Q. Clark, A. T. Looffm< ra 8myth Clark, W. M'G. Mason Story I Cook Mtratne Tucker Da vies, B. G. Nlmxno Tytherlaigh Da vies, D. M. O'Hea Woods „ „ , NOES. Mr, Mr. D jw Mr. M'lntyra Bmt Francis Hoore Bird )r rarer Sir j. OShaiany Blacbett Gauoson Mr. Ramsay Boeisto Git lies Sergeant Bropby Graves Sharps Cameron, E.H Harper fcmtth, A K. Garter Ketlnrd Smith, B. M. Casey Kernot WillUma Clark, R. (3) MacBUn Young Cl-rk, R (W) Mackay Zox. Cooper Madden Pairs — Messrs. Laior and Service, Fer- 0TI BO D AWas) w v M 1H I wasM Vi | A yWEUU Mku 1/UUjri i wednesday, 3rd december. J Important business came on Immediately I After the refreshment hour. The Cor-etituiion J Act Amendment Bill, containing the amended J 6th olause, was reported, when Mr, fid china j moved that the 12th clause, providing that | any member of the Legislative Connoil who I shall be nominated in the plaoe of a member I retirfaff bv rotation shall hnld his seat for ft I period of ten years, be altered to five years, j The Chief S oretary surprised many ho1- j membere by »« onoe so ceding to the euggw j tion fa the Government, and he somewhat I ffippently added that tbe only difference I would be that there would bo a periodical I retirement every year instead of every other j year. After Mr. Orr had made some remarks I in depreoation of tbe oonduot of the I Government, the alteration in the clause j was agreed to without a division. The# I Mr. Hunt moved that part 3 of the I bill, providing a mode of settling dlffei i enoes between the two Houses — or, in other words, the plebiscite prinoiple — be atruok Lout. Without discussion, the House went to a division, and twenty-seven members voted against the plebisoite, and thirty-eight for, Mr, Hunt wished to move that the operation of the prinoiple be restricted, but I the Speaker ruled that he oouid not do so » that stage. Tne report was then agreed to. One of the most oowardly attaoks ever M ported in the annals of modern Parliaments upon an integral portion of the supreme judioatnre of any oountry was made in tbe Assembly, WtdoeBday, oy the Minister of Lands, who vented his spleen for nearly half an hour by aspersing the character of late judge, whose probity, charity,and pro. loond learning won for him tho general eBteem of whole oolony. The old Roman motto, #< De mcrCul nil nisi ftonum"— » motto held sacred by all honourable men— jjas bo p'aco hi the soolal ethics of the minister of Lands, or ho never wonld have lowered himself so far as to oover tho name 0f the l»e Mr< Jastioe Fellows with font, moathed aboso. Because Mr. Francis thought proper to express tho opinion that the Supreme Court Practice and Prooedure 3U1 drafted by the Chief Justice and r, Justice Fellows, and amended by the latter learned judge just before his death, was a better bill than over the law officers of the present Government oonld de vice, Mr. Lougmore must needs stand np god defend the revision of that bill at great expense by a Government employi, on the ground that Mr, Justice Fellows's ideas ran in one groove, and that he had a leaning towards a partionlar class In the colony. What that class was ho did not allow hon, members to cudgel their brains about very long, but compared a comparatively light sentence passed by the learned judge upon a gold -stealer at Sandhurst with one inflicted upon an " unfortunate" sheepstealer whom he considered got more than he deserved, Mr. Loogmore's denouncement of these sen toooee as the foulest things the colony had over known, and as dishonest, caused nearly the whole House te ory shame ; but, despite the protestations of the Opposition, and tho unqualified disapproval of his own side, ex pressed through such a staunch follower of the Government a« Mr, De Bruoe Johnstone, tho reviling Minister had his fling at the de parted jadgo, though he was constrained to withdraw the word "dishonest." At last lir. M array Smith rose and trusted that having abased Mr. Justice Fellows to his heart's content, and to the diegnst of every body in the House, Mr. Longmore wonld discontinue his remarks. The cheers from both sides of the House whioh greeted this remark, warned the Minister of Lands that he dare not venture any further, and he dropped a subject his remarks upon which had evidently caused both friends and foes to entertain a feeling of revulsion towards him, which will be difficult to overcome. Mr, Bent's motion for reduction in the pablio expenditure was disposed of In a rather unsatisfactory manner. The hon. member brought it up during Mr. Lalor's motion to read the Customs Duties Bill a second time. The discussion wbich took place upon it was, however, not of a very interesting charaot6r, and did not continue long. Messrs Cooper, Tucker, and G&unson; were, in fact, the only speakers. Mr, Gaunson showed coocusively that within the last three years the Government had increased tho estimates of expenditure to the extent of £600,000, and, ab a natural coosequence, had to make up for it by new and oppressive burdens cu the industrious working classes of the colony. When the hon. member a&t; down the Speaker put the motion, and a division was oalled for. Tne usual preliminaries were gone through, and after the lapse of a few moments vhe Speaker announoed that no division was called for. He then, without farther Iosb of time, pat the question that the Customs Duties Bill be read a seoond time, and was in the act of declaring it carried, when Mr. Casey rose to speak on tho subject, Mr. Bent indignantly protested t that he had called for a division on his motion, and intended to have one, and Mr. Gaunson also confessed himself amazed at the tnrn affairs had taken. The Speaker explained that he had acted on the responsibility of Mr, Francis, whom he had heard say " No division." Mr. Francis admitted this, but considered that, under the clroumstanoes, his responsibility should not have been acted upcn. Mr, Bent made several other attempts to claim his rights, but the Speaker ruled the matter disposed of, and allowed Mr. Casey to address himself to the seoond reading of the bill, Thursday, 4th December. The Speaker took the chair at six minutes past 2 o'clock, c vil servants, Mr. BERRY in reply to Mr. Tucker, said that section 39 of the Civil Service Aot, relating to superannuation, was only pat In force when the Minister of the department oonsldered it desirable to do so. He had several officers in his department over sixty years of age, bat did not think it necessary to request them to retire. electoral rolls, shepparton. Mr. BERRY, in reply to Mr, sharps, said he was quite aware a difficulty had arisen in preparing the ratepayers' roll at Shep parton. The matter had been referred to the Attorney General to see how it could be got over, so as not to disfranchise the rate payers for the ensuing elections.1 signal flags. Mr. BERRY, in answer to Mr. W, M'G. Clark said that at present there was no in tention to send to England for a set of signal flags for our men-of-war. "h" orders. Mr. BERRY, in reply to Mr. Tucker b to the system of Civil servants issuing more than one " H " order on the Treasury, esd the following from the under- treasurer : -"The present system with regard to |S orders is one which has been In operation opwa'ds of twenty years. The document is simply an authority from A to B to receive tna amount of his aoooont. If several orders are given for one and the same amount, with a view to defraud, the person by whom each orders are given is liable to be prosecuted for tnieavouring to obtain money under false pretences. In practice, the order first pre sented is the order which would be paid. In jome case — such, for instance, as where it is difficult to determine the priority of the pre sentation of an order— when more than one 18 given, neither order is recogtised, Payment being made to the principals only. 1 ee oo reason for altering the system. It entail very serious inconvenience in he Treasury if any attempt was made to give to "H" orders the significance whioh editors sometimes seek to attach to them, s above, What is requisite is rather that it hoQid be known widely that such orders are J eourity whatever for the sums they re present. People wonld then have the Kgedy b their own hands." Mr. Berry Wed that they might perhaps lntrodnoe the system of having the UH" orflnra »»k«l b, th. Treunrer, a JS'L'w, 3<ters£Z?ot m„ y the harbqur trust. ftlJ!rMfS \thoufc desired to ask the Chief Secretary when he would set apart Vjy t0 <"8ca8? following motion; of which notice had been given— "That having regard to the prevailing dlstrew ofthtL IT Unemj>,7ei l Kin the opinion fLvfct 5 that the requisite facility should be given by the Government !«.w e ?arUr ras Commissioners to enable them to proceed with an admittedly necessary pnbiio work, and one which wonld turnlsh a large amount of employment." Mr, BERRY said the hon. member had bad, an opportunity of going on with it on more than one occasion, and the Government wonld not set apart a night for it, „ the kamarooka state forest. Mr. LONGMORE, in reply to Mr. M DfTFRE, said the Kamarooka State forest had been taken from under the oon- trol of the local forest board. Only three £ whioh were completely hemmed in by selections, had been thrown open. the unemployed. Sir J, OSHANAS8Y presented a petition, which was signed by over 100 men oat of employment, urging for a compromise to be made with the Harbour Trust, by whioh means the said trust would be enabled to give employment to a large number of men. constitution act amendment bill. On this bill being called on for the third reading, Mr. MUNRO moved— "That the order of the day for the third, reading of the Con stitution Aot Amendment Bill be dis- charged, and that the bill be recommitted with the view of substituting for parts 1 and 2 provisions for lowering the qualifications for electors and members of the Legislative Council, shortening the term for whioh members are elected, and reducing the size of the provinces." This was the last oooa- ston on which they would have an oppor tunity of amending the bill, and he con sidered it his duty to briDg this matter for ward to get it amended if possibl?, He knew many members of the Houee were of the same opinion, and he could tell the Govern ment that the S3 stem of packing public meetings, and working up popularity that did not exist, would not do, aud they would find it out when they went back to their constituents. He denounced the nominee system, and challenged hon. members to say that there was a single constituency in Victoria would agree to the nominee system, as his constituency, which was one of the most democratic in the colony, had most un mistakably pronounced against it. Mr. BERRY thought it was almost neces sary to apologise for takin gup the time of the House In replying to the hon. member, who had given no reason for calling upon the House to stultify itself in dealing with the bill. He had completely changed hb front to retain hb seat for Carlton. Oa the seoond reading of the bill he had condemned the whole of it. Mr. MUNRO : No, only a part. Mr, BERRY had the hoH. member's speeoh to prove what he said, and he had simply turned round upon himself to get the support of the Age. Tie hon. member had been false to his own constituency. Mr. MUNRO : I deSJ it. Mr, BERRY said that hb only object in speaking was to remove any impression which might have got abroad that the result of the election was adverse to the Govern ment, The hon, member had been returned to support one of the main principles of the bill, and so far the election, was more in favour of the Government than the Opposi tion. (Ironical cheers. ) And yet Mr. Munro had oondemed the plebboite as strongly as any man. Mr. MUNRO 3 1 never did so, It was the 22nd olause. Mr. BERRY : He knew he wonld have to support the plebiscite, or the Age would go against him. (Government cheers.) Bur Carlton could not have voted otherwise than Ik did under the circumstances. It could not vote for a man who would not deolare himself, and gave a vote for the united Liberal party. He knew that if the mass of j the people were asked if they were in favour of nomlneebm, they, with their imperfeot ; knowledge, would say not ; but it was the duty of public men to remove snob popular < prejudices. He trusted the bill would trot be thrown over after fifteen years' struggle,, be cause the principle of nopiiaeebni was not got rid of, for the carrying of jthe amend ment would be the destruction of the bill. Mr. LAURENS quoted "a nuinber of ex tracts from Hansard iknd the Argus . to show that Mr. Cooper and Mr, MacBain had been guilty of inconsistent political conduct Mr. R, CLARK (Sandhurst) expressed hb intention of supporting the amendment, as it embodied the principles of the majority of the numbers of that Honse, (Hear, hear.) He was in favour of some practical reform, but he knew there was no chance whatever of this scheme of the Government ever be coming law. He denounced the nominee principle, and quoted extensively from the speeches of the Minister of Jnstioe, Mr. Patterson, and Mr. Berry, to c ahbw that they were not in favour of it' when the Re form Bill was before the House last session. He (Mr, Clark) declared that the nominee system had not been advocated by any mem ber of that House when before their con stituents. (Mr, Fkrgusson : I did.) He was bound to believe the Con/member, but be (Mr. Clark) had failed to find any gllasion to it in the hon. member's speech, though he had looked through the reports very carefufiy. He otu'd Inform hon. mem hers and the Government that if it was put to the country as a distinct principle, it would noi receive the support of the country. He would be very sorry to see the Liberal party broken up, but if any holy wae trying to do i', it was the Government in trying to nass this measure. Mr, SHARPE denounced the nominee system, aud advocated the reduction of the franchise for the Counoll, and the term of office. He deolared the oourse being pursued by the Government would not bring about constitutional reform, as was desired. The oourse pointed out by the hon. member was a fair one, and If the Government aooepted it be believed they wonld receive the sup port of nearly all the members In the House. There was a feeling in the country that the Government were not sincere in their desire for reform, and if they did not take advantage of the opportunity now offered them, it wonld be many a long day before they had constitutional reform In this country. Mr. M'INTYRE contended that the country had never spoken out directly or indirectly upon the Government proposals for reform tUl the late election for Carlton, where the electors, through the Quixotic oonduot of their representative, had had an opportunity of prononnoing against them. He was In favour of the amendment, and if the Ministry bad one spark of bonour among them they would not have attempted to go on with the bill as at present consti. tuted, after the narrow division on the sixth clatise. So long as the principle of the plebiscite was kept part of the bill, there was no need of a sixth olause, and in intro, duoing nomlneeism the Government were only putting into the hands of their future opponents a whip to lash their own, backs. Mr. BARR suggested that each Cham I er should pass a reform bill, and then agree to a measure of a few clauses by which the plebiscite should be applied to the two schemes of reform, both Houses to stand by the result. He, however, would support the most extreme measure, so that it could go before the oountry with the view of settling this long debated question. Mr. FINCH AM, grounding his remat ks upon the hon, member for Carlton's address te his constituents, published in the Argus , aooused him of blowing hot and cold during his election. Mr. MUNRO . Your friends paid for it. Mr. FINCHAM : The hon. gentleman is guilty of a political untruth. The SPEAKER : The hon. member must withdraw the word untruth, Mr. FINCHAM bowed to this decision, and said that even if Mr, Monro had not authorised the advertisements he had read, ha had not taken the trouble to contradict them. Mr, COOPER said the Chief Secretary had endeavoured to place the honour, and oharaoter of the hon. member for Carlton in false position. In the debate on the second reading of the Reform Bill, the 1 on. member announced, in a straightforward manner, that he wou!d not vote for rhe hird reading unleBB tmpoitant alterations were made in committee. In the face of that, what groand had the Chief Secretary for stating that the hon. member for Carlton stultified himself? (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Cooper) trusted that each hon. member who seriously desired to see the reform question settled in a proper manner, and in accordance with the wishes of the people, would give his ; up- port to the representative for Carlton on thiB occasion. (Hear, hear.) The Corner party was anxious for an immediate settlement of the important question of reform, and each member sitting there believed that it was possible to settle it before the close 1 f the present session. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Cooper) objected to the 6th olause, because it proposed to hand over to nine men supreme command of the public finances. He did not believe in the Government bill ; and more, he did not believe in the sincerit3 of the Government. There was an over whelming majority of the electors in favour of an elective Upper Honse as against the nominee fystem. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MIRAMS contended that the hon. member fcr Carlton was not warranted in taking the action he had done, and in sap- port of his assertion read an extract from a speech made by Mr, Monro on the second reading of the Reform Bill, call of the house, Nine o'olook having arrived, the hour ap pointed for making the call of the House, , Mr. BERRY moved " That a call of the House be now made," , The Clerk then read over hon. mem bers' names, all of . whom answered except Messrs. Lyell and Purves, who were ex- cased, on the motion of Mr. Gillies, in consequence of their absence from the oplony. i mr. munro's motion, I Mr. ORR resumed the debate, and pro tested against the waste of time which had taken place by hon. members reading' long extracts from other members' speeches. He declared that the country was not with the Government on their bill; and they would find it odt when they 'Went to their constituents. "He intended to vote for Mr, Monro's motion, j Mr. MACK AY said if the Government had brought in a reform bill providing for tjhe plebiscite alone, he would have voted (or it and put up with minor details to which he might object, bat he could not support the outiageous scheme whioh had ,been brought forward. He protested against UomineeiBm, and believed in the people, aB at present, electing the Upper House. I Sir B, O LOGHLEN : Do the people elect It? ! Mi, MACK AY : A great proportion did, and this very amendment provided for the extension of that principle. (Cheers.) Were the. Government believers in their Own bill ? The Chief Secretary himself was not a believer in the plebiscite. ' Mr. BERRY : The hon. member) is not justified in saying that, " Mr. MACK AY : I know the Chief Secre tary is not quite satisfied with the principle, and the Ministry being half-hearted about It, how cculd he expect public enthusiasm on the bill ? Dr. MADDEN said that the Chief Secre tary had now exposed the hand he had played in befooling the people so long, and they were now educated upon this question of reform. (" Hear, hear" from Mr Berry.) The only reform Mr. Berry could gee w8 to go to the Imperial Government, and take anything they would give. If the amend ment were passed by the House, it would become law within a month, and he guaran teed the Council would accept It. Mr. BERRY : Why did they not make the offer ? Mr, MADDEN: It was not their plaoe, and if they had done so, it would have been scouted by the Government. He would vote for the amendment. At thiB stage (twenty minutes paBt 12 oV.ook), The SPEAKER asked if it was intended to Continue the debate, and take a division that night. If it was, be would suggest they should adjourn. Mr. GAUNSON asked the Chief Secretary if he would adjourn the division until Tues day. Mr. BERRY said no ; he would take the division that night. The Speaker then adjourned the House for twenty minutes. On the House resuming, Mr. WILLIAMS stated that be did not believe the nominee Byetem or the 6sh olause would be aooepted by the constituencies, if submitted to them. He did not believe the Government would go to the country and say, " The bill, the wbole bill, and nothing but the bill," but that they wonld say, " If it did not suit, it oould be altered. The Honse then, at twenty-five minutes past 2 o'olook this morning, divided on Mr. Monro's amendment with the following result : — Ayes, thirty-eight ; noes, forty- two ; majority against the amendment, four. The Houee, ten minutes later, divided on the third reading of the bill, the result being — Ayes, forty-three; noes, thirty-eight, Tne following is the division list : — AYES. Mr. Andrew Mr. Finchsm Mr. Patterson But Grant Pearson Bell Tnce Reea Berry James - Richardson Billson Johnstone Sain burv Bowman Kernot Smith, J . L C-mern.D. Lclor Snith, W.C Clark, A. T. LaogrI<?ge .v mytn Clark, W. M'G. Laurens Story Cook W. M. Longmore Tucker Cope Mason Tytherl- igh DavieS, D. M, Mfram Woods Dixon, E J Ntmmo Wright. Dow O'Hea Fergusson Sir B O'Lcghlen NOES Mr. Bayles Mr. Duffy Mr Moore Bent Francis O r Bird Fraeer O'shanntsy Biacbett Uauneon Kam«ay Boeisto Gillie Sergeant Brophy Guv-a Service Cameron, E H Harper 8barpe Oarter Muot bmir-b, A. K. Casey Kerferd ftuiitli R M. lark R ( ' ) McEain Williams Clark R. (W ) M cfcay Youug Cooper Madden Z >x. Davie B. G M intym 