Licenses By MISS BRADDON, Authoress of Flood,'' 56., a Chaccbr XIII. "HE WAS WORTHY TO BE CLOSED FOR A LIFETIME." Conrad Winstanuk had come to the New Forest with his mind resolved upon one of two things. He meant to marry Violet Tempest, or her mother. If the case was, quite hopeless with the daughter, he would content himself with winning the lesser price.; and, though Vanity whispered that there was no woman living he might not win for himself if he chose to be sufficiently patient and persevering, instinct told him that Violet frankly detested him "After all," argued Worldly Wisdom, " the alternative is not to be despised. The widow is somewhat rococo ; an old-fashioned jewel kept in cotton-wool, and brought out on occasions, to shine with a factitious brilliancy ; but she is still pretty. She is ductile, amiable, weak to a degree that promises a husband the sovereign dominion. Why break your heart for this fair devil of a daughter, who looks capable, if offended, of anything in the way of revenge, from a horse- whip to Blow poison ' Are s. pair of brown eyes and a coronal of red gold hair worth all this wasted passion '" " But the daughter is the greater catch," urged Ambition. "The dowager's jointure is well enough, and she has the Abbey House and gardens for her life, but Violet will be mistress of the estate when she comes of age. As Violet's husband, your position would be infinitely better than it could be as her stepfather. Unhappily, the cantankerous mine has taken it into her head to dislike you." "Stay," interjected the bland voice of Vanity, may not this dislike be only an assumption, a mask for some deeper feeling "> There are girls who show their love in that way. Do not be in a hurry to commit yourself to the mother until you have made yourself quite sure about the daughter. Mrs. Tempest's dinner-party was a success. It introduced Captain Winstanley to all that was best in the surrounding society for although in Switzerland he had seemed very familiar with the best people in the Forest, in Hampshire he appeared almost a stranger to them. It was generally admitted, however, that the captain was an acquisition, and a person to be cultivated. He sang a French comic song almost as well as Monsieur de Roseau, recited a short American poem, which nobody had ever read before, with telling force. He was at home upon every subject, from orchids to steam-plough, from ordnance to light literature. A man who sang so well, talked so well, looked so well, and behaved so well, could not be otherwise than welcome in county society. Before the evening was over, Captain Winstanley had been offered three hunters for the next day's run, and had been asked to write in four albums. Violet did not honor him with so much as a look after the one cold recognition of his first appearance in the drawing- room. It was a party of more than twenty people, and she was able to keep out of his way without obvious avoidance of him. He was stung, but had no right to be offended. He took Mrs. Scobel in to dinner, and Mrs. Scobel played the accompaniment of his song, being a clever little woman, able to turn her hand to anything. He would have preferred to be told off to some more important matron, but was not sorry to be taken under Mrs. Scobel's wing. She would be useful to him, no doubt, in the future ; a social Iris, to fetch and carry for him between Beechdale and the Abbey House. "Do you know that I am quite in love with your Forest," he said to Mrs. Tempest, standing in front of the ottoman where that lady sat with two of her particular friends ; so much so that I am actually in treaty for Captain Hawbuck's cottage, and mean to stay here till the end of the hunting." Everybody knew Captain Hawbuck'a cottage, a verandahed box of a house, on the slope of the hill above Beechdale. " I'm afraid you'll find the drawing-room chimney smoke," said a lady in sea- green ; poor Mrs. Hawbuck was a martyr to that chimney." " What does a bachelor want with a drawing room ? If there is one sitting-room in which I can burn a good fire, I shall be satisfied. The stable is in very fair order." "The Hawbucks kept a pony carriage," as sented the sea- green lady. " If Mrs. Hawbuck accepts my offer, I shall send for my horses next week," said the captain. Mrs. Tempest blushed. Her life had flowed in so gentle and placid a current that the fresh- ness of her soul had not worn off, and at nine and thirty she was able to blush. There was something so significant in Captain Winstanley's desire to establish himself at Beechdale that she could not help feeling fluttered by the fact. It might be on Violet's account, of course, that he came ; yet Violet and he had never got on very Well together. " Poor fellow !" she thought blandly, " if he for a moment supposes that anything would tempt me to marry again, he is egregiously mistaken." And then she looked round the lovely old room, brightened by a crowd of well- dressed people, and thought that next to being Edward Tempest's wife the best thing in life was to be Edward Tempest's widow. "Dear Edward!" boys muBed, "how strange that we should miss him be little to- night." It had been with everyone as if the squire had never lived. Politeness exacted this ignoring of the past, no doubt ; but the thing had been be easily done. The noble presence, the jovial laugh, the friendly smiles were gone, and no one seemed conscious of the void-no one but Violet, who looked round the room once when conversa- tions liveliest, with a pale indignant face, re- senting this forgetfulness. "I wish papa's ghost would come in at that door and Beare his hollow-hearted friends," she said to herself, and she felt as if it would hardly have been a surprise to her to see the door open slowly and that familiar figure appear. "Well, Violet," Mrs. Tempest said sweetly, when the guests were gone, " how do you think it all went off?" "It, of course meant the dinner-party. ' I suppose, according to the nature of such ""Ogs, it was all right and proper," Vixen answered coldly ; " but I should think it must have been intensely painful to you, mamma." " Mrs. Tempest sighed. She had always a large selection of sighs in stock, suitable to every occasion I should have felt it much worse if I had sat many old place," She said, " but sitting at the middle of the table instead of at the end made it a point- And I really think it's better style. How did you like the new arrangement of the J'l didn't notice anything new." * My dear Violet, you are frightfully unobservant , , i ",, S J- am not," answered Vixen quickly. My eyes are keen enough, believe me." Mrs. tempest felt uncomfortable. She began think that, after all, it might be a comfortable habit' TP«V"«l>iiig "Vuen" in Queensland J«SDeenpurchasadbythoprpprietorgoftneÇifÎc,i!Îa),.(îr thing to have a companion as a fender between herself and Violet. A perpetually present Mice Jones or Smith would word off these unpleasant- nesses. There are occasions, however, on which a position must be faced boldly-in proverbial phrase, the bull must be taken by the horns. And here, Mrs. Tempest felt, was a bull which must be-so encountered. She knew that her poor little hands were too feeble for the office ; but she told herself that she must make the heroic attempt. " Violet, why have you such a rooted dislike to Captain Winstanley":" " Why is my hair the color it is, mamma, or why are lay eyes browndnstend of blue ? if you could answer my question, I might be able to answer your. Nature made me what I am, and nature has implanted a hatred of Captain Winstanley in my mind." " Do you not think it wrong to hate anyone the very word hate was considered unladylike when I was a girl without cause ?" " I have cause to hate him, good cause sufi cient cause. I hate all self- seekers and adven-, turers " You have no right to call him one or the other." " Have I not S What brings him here, but the pursuit of his own interest ' Why does he plant himself at our door as if he were come to besiege a town ? Do you mean to say, mamma, that you can be so blind as not to see what he wants to " He has come for the hunting." " Yes, but not to hunt our foxes or our stage. He wants a rich wife, mamma. And he thinks that you, or I will be foolish enough to marry him." " There would be nothing unnatural in his entertaining some idea of that kind about you," replied Mrs. Tempest, with a sudden assertion of matronly pride. " But for him to think of me in that light would be too absurd. a must be some years, perhaps four or five years, his senior, to begin with." "Oh, he would forgive you that; he would not mind that." "And he ought to know that I should never dream of marrying again." " He ought, if he had any idea of what is right and noble in a woman," answered Vixen. ?" But he has not. He has no ideas that do not begin and end in himself and his own advantage. He sees you here with a handsome house, a good income, and he thinks that he can persuade you to marry him." Violet, you must know that I shall never marry." " I hope I do know it. But the world ought to know it too. People ought not to be allowed to whisper, and smile, and look significant ; as I saw some of them do to-night when Captain Winstanley was hanging over your chair. You ought not to encourage him, mamma. It is a treason against my father to have that man here." Here was a bull that required prompt and severe handling, but Mrs. Tempest felt her powers inadequate to the effort. "I am surprised at you, Violet!" she exclaimed as if I did not know as well as you, what is due to my poor Edward ; as if I should do anything to compromise my own dignity. Is it to encourage a man to ask him to a dinner, party, when he happens to be visiting in the neighborhood ? Can I forbid Captain Winstanley to take the Hawbucks' cottage ?" "No, you have gone too far already. You gave him too much encouragement in Switzer- land and at Brighton. He has attached himself to us like a limpet to a rock. You will not easily get rid of him unless you let him see that you understand and despise him." " I see nothing despicable in him, and I am not going to insult him at your bidding," answered the widow, tremulous with anger. I do not believe him to be a schemer or an adventurer. He is a gentleman by birth, education, and profession. It is a supreme insolence on your part to speak of him as you do. What can you know of the world ? How can you judge and measure a man like Captain Winstanley, a girl like you, hardly out of the nursery ? It is too absurd. And understand at at once and for ever, Violet, that I will not be hectored or lectured in this manner, that I will not be dictated to, or taught what is good taste, in my own house. This is to be my own house, you know, as long as I live." " Yes, unless you give it a new master," said Violet gravely. " Forgive me if I have been too vehement, mamma. It is my love that is bold. Whom have in this world to love now, except you ? And when I see you in danger-when I see the softness of your nature Dear mother, there are some instincts that are stronger than reason. There are some antipathies which are implanted in us for warnings. Remember what a happy life you led with my dear father-his goodness, his overflowing generosity, his noble heart. There is no man worthy to succeed him, to live in his house. Dear mother, for pity's sake-" She was kneeling at her mother's feet, clinging to her hands, her voice half choked with sobs, Mrs. Tempest began to cry too. " My dearest Violet, how can you be so foolish ! My love, don't cry. I tell you that I shall never marry again never. Not if I were asked to be come a countess. My heart is true to your dear father ; it always will be. I am almost sorry that I consented to these scarlet bows on my dress, but the feather trimming looked be heavy without them, and Theodore's eye for color is perfect. My dear child, be assured I shall carry his image to my grave." "Dear mother, that is all I ask. Be as happy as you can ; but be true to him. He was worthy to be loved for a lifetime ; not to be put off with half a life, half a heart." CHAPTER XIV. LADY SOOTBMINSTER's HALL. Captain Winstanley closed with Mrs. Hawbuck for the pretty little verandah surrounded cottage on the slope of the hill above Beechdale. Captain Hawbuck, a retired naval man, to whom the place had been very dear was in his grave, and his wife was anxious to try if she and her hungry children could not live on less money in Belgium than they could in England. The good old coat captain had improved and beautified the place from a farm laborer's cottage into a habitation which was the quintessence of picturesque inconvenience. Ceilings which you could touch with your hand ; funny little fire-places in angles of the rooms; a corkscrew staircase, which a Btnmgcr ascended or descended at peril of life or limb ; no kitchen worth mentioning, and stuffy little bedrooms under the thatch. Seen from the outside the cottage was charming and if the captain and his family could only have lived over the way, and looked at it, they would have had full value for the money invested in its improvement. Small as the rooms were, and despite that dark slander which hung over the chimneys, Captain Winstanley declared that the cottage would suit him admirably. "I like the situation," he said, discussing his bargain in the coffee-room at the Crown, Lyndhurst. " I should rather think you did !" cried Mr. Bell, the local surgeon. " Suits you down to the ground, doesn't it ?" Whereby it will be seen that there was already a certain opinion in the neighborhood as to the captain's motive for planting himself at Beech- dale-so acute is a quiet little community of this kind in divining the intentions of a stranger. Captain Winstanley took up his quarters at Beechdale Cottage in less than a week after Mrs. Tempest's dinner-party. He sent for his horses, and began the business of hunting in real earnest. His two hunters were unanimously pronounced screws : but it is astonishing how well a good rider can get across country on a horse which other people call a screw. Nobody could deny Captain Winstanley's merits as a horseman. His costume and appointments had all the finish of Melton Mowbray, and he was always in the first flight Before he had occupied Captain Hawbuck's cottage a month the newcomer had made friends for himself in all directions. He was as much at home in the Forest as if he had been native and to the-manner born. His straight riding, his good looks, and agreeable manners won him everybody's approval. There was nothing dis- squared or bohemian about him. His clothes never smelt of stale tobacco. He was as punctual at church every Sunday morning as if he had been a family man, bound to set a good example. He subscribed liberally to the hounds, and was always ready with those stray florins and half crowns by which a man purchases a cheap popularity among the horse-holding and ragged fol- lower class. Having distinctly asserted her intention of remaining a widow to Violet, Mrs. Tempest allowed herself the privilege of being civil to Captain Winstanley. He dropped in at afternoon tea at least twice a week ; he dined at the Abbey House whenever the Scobela or any other intimate friends were there " in a. quiet way." He generally escorted Mrs. Tempest and her daughter from church on a Sunday morning, Violet persistently loitering twenty yards or so behind them on the narrow woodland path that led from Beechdale to the Abbey House. After walking home from church with Mrs. Tempest, it was only natural that the captain should stop to luncheon, and after luncheon the Sabbath afternoon being, in a manner, a legitimate occasion for dawdling-it was natural enough for him to linger, looking at the gardens and greenhouses, or talking beside the drawing room fire, till the appearance of the spitfire Queen Anne tea- kettle and Mrs. Tempest's infusion of orange pekoe. Sometimes the Scobels were present at these Sunday luncheons, sometimes not Violet was with her mother, of course, on those occasions, but, while bodily present, she contrived to maintain an attitude of aloofness which would have driven a less resolute man than Conrad Winstanley to absent himself. A man more sensitive to the opinions of others could hardly have existed in such an atmosphere of dislike ; but Captain Winstanley meant to live down Miss Tempest's aversion, or to give her double cause for having him, " Why have you given up hunting, Miss Tempest !" he asked one Sunday afternoon, when they had gone the round of the stables, and Arion had been fondled and admired-a horse as gentle as a dog in his stable, as fiery as a wild cat out of it. " Because I have no one I care to hunt with, now papa is gone." "But here in the Forest, where everybody knows you, where you (might have as many others as the Daughter of the Regiment-" " Yes, I have many kind friends. But there is not one who could fill my father's place for an hour." "It is a pity," said the captain sympathetically. " You were so fond of hunting, were you not ?" " Passionately," "Then it is a shame you should forego the pleasure. And you must find it very dull, I should think, riding alone in the Forest" " Alone I I have my horse." "Surely he does not count as a companion." " Indeed he does. I wish for no better company than Arion, now papa is gone." " Violet is so eccentric !" Mrs. Tempest murmured gently. Captain Winstanley had taken Mrs. Hawbuck's cottage till the 1st of May. The end of April would see the last of the hunting, so this arrangement seemed natural enough. He hunted in good earnest There was no pretence about him. It was only the extra knowing ones, the little knot of choice spirits at the Crown, who saw some deeper motive than a mere love of sport for his residence at Beechdale. These advanced minds had contrived to find out all about Captain Winstanley by this time the date of his selling out, his ostensible and hidden reasons for leaving the army, the amount of his debts, and the general complexion of his character. There was not much to be advanced against him. No dark stories ; only a leading notion that he was a man who wanted to improve his fortunes, and would not be over-scrupulous as to the means. But, as your over-scrupulous man is one in a thousand, this was ranking Captain Winstanley with the majority. The winter was over ; there were primroses peeping out of the moss and brambles, and a shy little violet Binning like a blue eye here and there. The flaunting daffodils were yellow in every glade, and the gummy chestnut buds were beginning to swell. It was mid-March, and as yet there had been no announcement of home coming from Roderick Vawdrey or the Dovedales. The duke was said to have taken a fancy to the Roman style of fox-hunting ; Lady Mabel was studying art ; the duchess was suspected of a leaning to Romanism and Roderick was dancing attendance upon the family generally. " Why should he not stay there with them ?" said Mr. Scobie, sipping his pekoe in a comfortable little circle of gossiped round Mrs. Tempest's gipsy-table. " He has very little else to do with his life. He is a young man utterly without views or purpose. He has no mission. I have sounded him, and found him full of a shallow good-nature. He would build a church if people asked him, and hardly know, when it was finished, whether he meant it for Jews or Gentiles." Vixen sat in her corner and said nothing. It amused her Father with a half bitter sense of amusement to hear them talk about Roderick He had quite gone out of her life. It interested her to know what people thought of him in his new world. " If the duke doesn't bring them all home very soon the duchess will go over," said Mrs. Scobell, with conviction. "She has been drifting that way for ever be long. Ignatius isn't high enough for her." The Reverend Ignatius sighed. He hardly saw his way to ascending any higher. It was in this month of March that an event amended which caused a considerable flutter among the dancing population of the Forest. Lady Almira Ringwood was to marry Sir Ponto Jones, the rich ironmaster-an air race of ancient aristocracy and modern wealth which was considered one of the grandest achievements of the age, like the discovery of steam or the electric telegraph and after the marriage, which was to be quietly performed in the presence of about a hundred and fifty blood relations, there was to be a ball, to which all the county families were hidden, with very little more distinction or favoritism than in the good old fairy-tale times, when the king's herald went through the streets of the city to invite everybody, and only some stray Cinderella, cleaning boots and knives in a black kitchen, found herself unintentionally excluded. Lady Southminster drew the line at county families, naturally, but her kindly feelings allowed a wide margin for parsons, doctors, and military men-and among these last Captain Winstanley received a card. Mr. Scobel declared that this ball would be a grand thing for Violet. " You have never properly come out, you know, dear," she Mid ; " but at Southminster you will be seen by every- body, and, as I daresay Lady Ellangowan will take you under her wing, you'll be seen to the best advantage." "Do you think Lady Ellangowan wing will make any difference in me ?" enquired Vixen. " It will make a great deal of difference in the Southminster set," replied Mrs. Scobell, who considered herself an authority upon all social matters. She was a busy good-natured little woman, the chosen confidante of all her female friends. People were always appealing to her on small social questions, what they ought to do or to wear on such and such an occasion. She knew the wardrobe of her friends as well as she did her own. " I suppose you'll wear that lovely pink," she would say when discussing an impending dinner-party. She gave judicious assistance in the composition of a menu. " My love, everyone has pheasants at this time of year. Ask your poulterer to send you guinea fowls, they are more distingue," she would suggest. Or : " If you have dessert ices, let me recommend you coffecream. We had it last week at Ellangowan Park." Vixen made no objection to the Southminster ball. She was young, and fond of waltzing. Whirling easily round to the swing of some German melody, in a great room garlanded with flowers, was a temporary cessation of all earthly care, which was in no wise unpleasant to her. She had enjoyed her waites even at that charity ball at the Pavilion, to which she had gone so unwillingly. The March night was fine, but blustery, when Mrs. Tempest and her daughter started for the Southminster ball. The stars were shining in a windy sky, the tall forest trees were tossing their heads, the brambles were shivering, and a shrill shriek came up out of the woodland every now and then, like a human cry for help. Mrs. Tempest had offered to take Mrs. Strobel and Captain Winstanley in her roomy carriage. Mr. Scobie was not going to the ball ; all such entertainments were an abhorrence to him but this particular ball, being given in Lent, was more especially abhorrent, " I shouldn't think of going for my own amuse- ment," Mrs. Scobel told her husband,. but I want to see Violet Tempest at her first local hall. I want to see the impression she makes ; I believe she will be the belle of the ball." " That would mean the belle of South Hants," said the parson. " She has a beautiful face for a painted window there is such a glow of color." "She is absolutely lovely, when she likes," replied his wife ; " but she has a curious temper and there is something very repellent about her when she does not like people. Strange, is it not, that she should not like Captain Winstanley ?" " She would be a very noble girl under more spiritual influences," sighed the Reverend Ignatius. " Her present surroundings ore appallingly earthly. Horses, dogs, a table loaded with meat in Lent and Advent, a total ignoring of daily matins and evensong. It is sad to see those we like treading the broad path so blindly. I feel sorry, JuKana, that you should go to this ball." " It is only on Violet's account," repeated Mrs. Scobel. " Mrs. Tempest will be thinking of nothing but her dress ; there will be nobody interested in that poor girl." " Urged thus, upon purely benevolent grounds, Mr. Scobel could not withhold his consent, more especially as he had acquired the habit of beating his wife do is she liked you most occasions-a marital custom not easily broken through, So Mrs. Scobell, who was an economical little woman, did up her silver-grey silk dinner dress with ten shillings' worth of black tulle and pink rosebuds, and felt she had made a success that Madame Elise might have approved. Her faith in the silver-grey and rosebuds was just a little shaken by her first view of Mrs. Tempest and Violet ; the widow in black velvet rose-point, and scarlet Spanish as a portrait by Velasquez 2 Violet in black and gold, with white camellias in her hair. The drive was a long one, well over ten miles, along one of those splendid straight roads which distinguish the New Forest Mrs. Tempest and Mrs. Scobell were in high spirits, and prattled agreeably all the way, only giving Captain Winstanley time to get a word in edgeways now and then. Violet looked out of the window and held her peace. There was always a charm for her in that dark silent forest, those waving branches and flitting clouds, stars gleaming like lights on a stormy sea. She was not much elated at the idea of the ball, and " that small, small, imperceptibly small talk " of her mother's and Mrs. Sobels was beyond measure wearisome to her. " I hope we shall get there after the Ellen gowans," said Mrs. Scobel, when they had driven through the little town of Ringwood, and were entering a land of level pastures and fertilising streams, which seemed wonderfully tame after the undulating forest ; " it would be so much nicer for Violet to be in the Ellangowan set from the first "I beg to state that Miss Tempest has promised me the first waltz," said Captain Winstanley. " I am not going to be ousted by any offshoot of nobility in Lady Ellangowan's set" " Oh, of course, if Violet has promised What a lot of carriages 1 I'm afraid there'll be a block presently." There was every prospect of such a calamity. A confluence of vehicles had poured into a narrow lane bounded on one side by a treacherous water meadow, on the other by a garden-wall. They all came to a standstill, as Mrs. Strobel had prophesied. For a quarter of an hour there was no progress whatever and a good deal of recrimination among coachmen, and then the rest of the journey had to be done at a walking pace. The reward was worth the labor, when at the end of a long winding drive the carriage drew up before the Italian front of Southminster House ; a white marble portico, long rows of tall windows brilliantly lighted, a vista of flowers, and statues, and lamps, and pictures, and velvet hangings, seen through the open doorway. " Oh, it is beautiful I" cried Violet, fresh as a schoolgirl in this new delight ; " first the dark forest and then a house like this is like Fairy land." And you are to be the queen of it-my queen !" said Conrad Winstanley in a low voice. " I am to have the first waltz, remember that. If the Prince of Wales were my arrival I would not give way." He detained her hand in his as she alighted from the carriage. She snatched it from him angrily. "I have a good mind not to dance at all," She said. "Why not-" " It is paying too dearly for the pleasure to be obliged to dance with you." " In what school did you learn politeness, Miss Tempest f" " If politeness means civility to people I despise, I have never learnt it," answered Vkon. There was no time for further skirmishing. He had taken her cloak from her and handed it to the attendant nymph, and received a ticket and now they were drifting into the tea-room, where a row of ministering footmen were looking at the guests across a barricade of urns and teapots, with countenances that seemed to say : " If you want anything, you must ask for it We are here under protest, and we very much wonder how our people could over have invited such rabble !" " I always feel small in a tea-room when there are only men in attendance," whispered Mrs. Scobel, " they are so haughty. I would sooner ask Gladstone or Disraeli to pour me out a cup of tea than one of those supercilious creatures " Lady Southminster was stationed in the Teniers room-a small apartment at the beginning of the suite which ended in the picture gallery, or ball-room. She was what Joe Qargory called " a fine figure of a woman," in ruby velvet and diamonds, and received her guests with an indiscriminating cordiality which went far to heal the gaping wounds of county politics. The Ellangowan had arrived, and Lady Ellangowan, who was full of good-nature, was quite ready to take Violet under her wing when Mrs. Scobel suggested that operation. " I can find her any number of partners," She said. "Oh, there she goes off already-with Captain Winstanley." The captain had lost no time in exacting his waite. It was the third on the programme, and the band were beginning to warm to their work. They were playing a waltz by Offenbach-Les Traîneaux-with an accompaniment of jingling sleigh-bells-music that had an almost madden- ing effect on spirits already exhilarated. The long lofty picture-gallery made a magnificent ball-room -a polished floor of dark wood, a narrow line of light under the projecting cornice, the famous Paul Veronese, the world-renowned Rubens, the adorable Titian-ideal beauty looking down with art's eternal tranquillity upon the whisky and whirl of actual life-here a calm Madonna, contemplating, with deep unfathom- able eyes, these brief ephemeris of a night-there Judith with a white muscular arm holding the tyrant's head aloft above the dancers-yonder Philip of Spain frowning on this Lenten festival. Violet and Captain Winstanley waltzed in a stern silence. She was vexed with herself for her loss of temper just now. In his breast there was a deeper anger. When would his day come ? he asked himself. When would he be able to how this proud head, to hand this stubbon will It must be soon-he was tired of playing his sub- missive part tired of holding his cards hidden. They held on to the end of the waltz-the last clash of the sleigh bels. " Who's that girl in black and gold ?" asked a guardsman of Lady Ellangowan ; " those two are the best dancers in the room it's a thousand to nothing on them." That final clash of the bells brought the captain and his partner to anchor at the end of the gallery, which opened through an archway into a semi-circular palm-house. In the middle of this archway, looking at the dancers, stood a figure at sight of which Violet Tempest's heart gave a great leap, and then stood still. It was Roderick Vawdrey. He was standing alone, listlessly contemplating the ball-room, with much less life and expression in his face than there was in the pictured faces on the walls. " That was a very nice waltz ; thanks," said Vixen, giving the captain a little curtsey. i "Shall I take you back to Mrs. Tempest?" Roderick had seen her by this time, and was coming towards her with a singularly grave and distant countenance, she thought ; not at all the Rorie of old times. But of course that was over and done with. She must never call him Rorie any more, not even in her own thoughts. A sharp sudden memory thrilled her, as they stood face to face in that brilliant gallery-the memory of their last meeting in the darkened room on the day of her father's funeral. "How do you do?" said Roderick, with a gush of originality. " Your mamma is here I suppose." " Haven't you seen her ?" " No ; we've only just come.'' " We," no doubt meant the Dovedale party, of which Mr. Vawdrey was henceforth a part. "I did not know you were to be here, or even that you were in England." " We only came home yesterday, or I should have called at the Abbey House. We have been coming home, or talking about it, for the last three weeks. A few days ago the duchess took it into her head that she ought to be at Lady Almira's wedding there; some kinds relation ship, you know, between the Ashbourne and the SouthminBters- so we put on a spurt, and here we are." "I am very glad," said Vixen, not knowing very well what to say and then seeing Captain Winstanley standing stiffly at her side, with an aggrieved expression of countenance, she faltered : " I beg your pardon, I dont think you have ever met Mr. Vawdrey. Captain Winstanley-Mr. Vawdrey." Both gentlemen acknowledged the introduction with the stiffest and chillies of bows and then the captain offered Violet his arm, and she, having no excuse for refusing it, submitted quietly to be taken away from her old friend. Roderick made no attempt to detain her. The change in him could hardly have been more marked, Vixen thought. Yes, the old Rorie-playfellow, scapegoat, friend of the dear old childish days-was verily dead and gone. "Shall we go and look at the presents?" asked Captain Winstanley. " What presents ?" " Lady Admirals wedding presents. They are all laid out in the library. I hear they are very splendid. Everybody is crowding to see them." " I daresay mamma would like to go, and Mrs. Scobel," suggested Vixen. " Then we will all go together." They found the two matrons side by side on a settee, under a lovely girlish head by Qrouzo. They were both delighted at the idea of seeing the prospects, It was something to do. Mrs. Tempest had made up her mind to abjure even square dances this evening, There was something incongruous in widowhood and the Lancers : especially in one's own neighborhood, from continued. J 