§;tibtlx8k A SKELETON I ti THE CLOSET. OHAPXEB XLi: (Continued.) BY MES. E. D. E. M , . SOUTHWOETH, Aathor of "The J Hid(3ou Hand," "Tho Deserted Wife," " Solf-Mado, ,, &a.;, <t 0 . "He wae Jri?"rrfed r oa Uienlnti' of last S?plcmber to a yomig wotnotf named Ohrie tclle Ken, ol ?ho tillage 61 Mieton—" "It ia as 11" exclaimed Cojle, losing all Belf-oontrol; arid falling into bid ' . " Brandon I Brahdon 1' Tecdlleot' yourself, my -W boy! Ariellei my- dbild; this'hia wry extraordinary oharge I" said the' baron, ?ho was beginning to bo vory mrich'dis bee?Od and porplexed; -"I can prove the-charge; Lord i?oaudo. mc. This letter was-writteu to me* by his wilp. I reoeived it on the day that my dear grandfather was attacked with bis last'and Utal sickness. ' Iriclbsbd'ybu will 'find the marriage certificate." Will you pass * both to Mr, Brandon Coyle->arid**lbt*hlmbximino Ibfm, and decide whefhor he will'leave'me now in peace, or'whether bo will oo'mpel'me loa further exposure of his evil deeds ?" Lord Beaudeycre took tho letter nnd handed it toT-oylo," who received it with a BCOwl, "A forgery! A falsehood! An impu dent imposition !" ho exclaimed, as soon ns he had glanced nt tho contents; nnd he tore it fiorcely into piocos'and throw itnpon tho floor. '"?'.?? bord Beaudovero then' handed him tho mrnago " lines" of'poor Kit "Why do you insult mo.wiUi tliis thing ? AJarco!' ho cx'olniined, ns ho Boizbd and tore the second paper as ho had torn the .'' Gcnl -' omc - a ?" -** 10 continued, mora calmly, thcso aro mi?emhlo tricks of somo enemy bent on injuring mo and annoying my promised bride. And but thoy have dis turbed Lady Ariollo, thoy would bo beneath contempt. Surely- you need not rogard Rich baao trifles ?".. j "? , ? ro di<i ->" ou e et those 'papers, niy door? inquired Lord Beaudovero. "Ono moment, my lord.. ,1 wish to ask that person if ho really, pretends to hold mc to any engagement..'. ?, Co " Most oertainly I do," distinctly answered " the authenticity of these " Assuredly I do I" " My lord," then said Arielle,' turning to f„f BJaai,ltt8 J aa i ,lttn ' '- 1 ??Uy never, wished or mtended to expose, this manl-in. thia pnblio m?.u n f r- ? knew ??nothing..of his dupiioily nntil I received that letter from bisiwretobod _ dsJ that, my grandfalher. was v.,? j , Th ?o waa,a dinner: party, yod anow and Ac wasone. of tho gneats. I oould not havo divulgod tho.oircomstanoea that it* ? tota3 k nowledge to ray grandfather hen without making an .unseemly scone. I £*_£ M* jf y- re - d ' ?boMatter: until the' fob orris? -I.*- 7, ??- 1 "W-.IJntondo-1 to speik 16 my Pwdfathorin private oii th'esubj'oot, but tho earl , snaden atUok of illribsi prevetftbd me.' ,_„? ? coars - e '" jopliod' the baron, Btill in perplexity and.diatress; a?l'?u ? 3l L*^ d "'* ; --?*y sudden put-dl othertfirigsout/of my hbadj ?V_7.v-? .-. d - *? ot .'B'ot. .an opportunity, of .peaking to Ju m pn the Vubjeot, I' had to ?7?_v ? -Jr af^ iho ' * nnoral bof orb I. oould JPeak to Mr. Brandon' Otflb, oi I intended hhr_' aa _. t0 ?#?!} rKlil Wa.-vife'a letter and, a?„??\?VP l ** al injriiatc,. to aavb his own^feelings, and.,hl. ,__put_tioii: I did vnow tbo existericbof my gfari'dfithcir's: Tr ua . letter obirimaridin'g mc to ? B ? nd ? n '' Coyle immediately mini r _ suspibtit TwJ haa^ d , v rbad'>-y LbttT Bea-idev'oVe. "? dompbUed, agiinat I wui; to .statei my'reasons for" rejecting' miiri'er. 2iv ".I 0 "' * oa - .^ e ?bive*,'h'e denies that ,_?.,.?_? , rel -> 80 ---- , _ exitf.for -noncompliance ?! wl^Uelate earl'-Jwlsi'ea;' '~'... . ho^iT?*!* I . do . These 'papbr's; aire false- | aornt 'offferiea!; impostures I invented by some enemy to ruin mo IV fiercely exclaimed 1 Coyle. ?--*??_? * a„'t'i, T ' len - 30a oompol me'tb prbvo' their autoeaucy by exposing you nlofb fuUy," wbli M y - Ariell,i i * n,x turning her headto ? ? ?M, Ne l ?tood . yelled, she alked-. rop^"' f .f lem 'o?, will yorioomb here tb my u,d Vuln'i' ?H?5,"f i >'V??t-ia around the table *oS. hV?r *'- c ol ArieUe'a ohair; with, onshandonthegUi'sihoatder.* ' -.'; \ not i.,?*t U0 u n M ?- * '?<nWfi.' ?iy lord. Ido jo 1 "unk she will like to tall the. story eioept At the. ,^h? Coylo had muti back and dropped npon ? ?e?t, d_!i vo e /f veBliBe ?' oolour dr T iaai i<?*> ti. oer'tiin '__!f_i- fS;J* n .- re ? u y : '?mow.'mnythl-o B oertain about this strange story that ha. boon brought to LaSy Arielle? l a . ,",„ _ ?hadow; of truth-in' it V inquired Lord Aire. Femlng is my bitter enemy Her testimony should not b. taken against a,f exolaimed Brandon Coyls, madly: that I .ml.f" 1 . eln - y ' and BO ""'? yo" .„f.i . p?ioo 2 lh ?*? Jnsloe obliges mi to speak of you ?. I must do.-..1d N.l,* gently Then turning io Lord Beaudeve-fo ]b„ answered him, saying: p - "? ? . .. "1 know thla muob—that Mr.Brandou Ken, the daughter of Jamea Ken, tbe fisher blTa _~, """V 0r Bl "- h0 ?"'8 deceived this ?!, absolutely true. I ooold tell you much more to the point if necessary,bit .Se' ?subject is a painful one; -Besiaes,'f __ no? think Mr. Brandon Ooyle will deny the f.et, to mc, to. whom he promised ten dayaauc that in one week from that date ho woild dc hie wifo" Birl by acknowledging her a? .k^" 0 ?,!' " poU -Brandon Coyla sat shaking w,th rage and fear as with.an ague. Hia castles in. the air were tumbling all around him, threatening oven tb orush bim under their ruins. _ "Whero is this girl, my dear?" mildly inquired the distressed baron. . ? _.*?' Ay .' .Iptere U thai" fierooly demanded : 'S.? ?,* '?, OJ } . " -P'odooo hn llf she is ?"?.wi' 6 * , let b?roomo forward and faoe mo with the claim I IVhere is she S" v " Whoro is she, my dour Mrs. FleiainK P" inquired the baron. . ???? " Mr. Brandon Coylo is most probably tho only .person hero who can * answer that question; for, ou tho vory night beforo tho day upon which ho had promised to acknow todgohor, sho disappeared from my houso, and has not boon heard of sinoo. Horparonta mo iv the doopest distress at her strango absence. Mr.: Brandon Coylo probably knows hor whereabouts," gravely answered ; Not, v ". "J,, know n ?thing about tho infernal girl! frantically oxolaimod Coylo. "It is all uconspiracy—a bnso couspiraoy to ruin mc!" Hero old Mr. Ooylo aroso to liis feet and advanced until ho stood face to face with his nephow, when—wipiug his round, olose oroppod silver-grey head until it shono liko a mctnllio ball, as wns his custom whon heated or oxcitcd—ho burst forth with a torront of indignation: " Oonspirnoy or not conspiracy, sir, I charge you to disprovo these accusations boforo you over daro to sot foot in my houso again !If thoy aro truo, sir—if they aro truo, by—'.* (hero tho old squiro seidod his earnestness with an oath not to bo recorded) — -** I will bequeath Cavoland and all my money to found an asylum for uncouviotod thieves and cut- throats before I will loavo you ono shilling I" .** Tou aro all against ine i". fiercely exclaimed Coylo, with the aspect of a hyena at bay. "You evil son of an ovil father, aoqnit yoursolf of this charge, or never look mo in tho face again!" exclaimed old Coylo, turning away and trotting bnck to his seat. *'' Acquit' myself ? How am Ito acquit myself?" furiously demanded the culprit. "" Since when has tho responsibility of proof rested with tho accustd party? How can I prove thnt I have not married half the fishworacu in Miston? Who can prove a ucgativo? Lot the* bunion of proof lay whero it should lay—on my accusers 1 Ask Lady Ariollo Montjoie—l bog her ladyship's pardon—l should havo said tho Conntoss of Altofairo, but ono is prono to forgot tho nowly- inherited rank— ask tho Countess of AJtofairo, thon, to provo the letter sho produced to havo boon written by Kit Ken at all, and thon to I I*oyo that Kit Kon wroto the truth I Do that 1" Hero'the low tones of Lady Ariollo foil on tho attentive ears of the company. "I nm morally convinced that tho letter waa genuine and that the writer wrote tho truth," sho said. Brandon Coylo'broke'into due of his rude, hyena laughs. 'J You are 'morally oouvincod !' No doubt. ' Your wish is father to your thought.' But, my door young lady, moral conviotion is not legal ovidenco. Is, in fact, no ovidanco at all. Yours credulity haa been abused" by a baso libel upon mc, that your inclination* havo lod you to boliovo, or to profess to boliovo !"' ho said, moligunutly. (l Como, come, Mr. Brandon, you forgot yourself I" said Lord Beaudevoro. ?*** I'll toko hi.n by tho crop of his nook aud pitch him houdloug down tho stairs if ho daros to say another uncivil word to hor lady ship 1" exclaimed old Mr. Coylo. " ' Forgot mysolf,' iudeod I I should not wonder 1 Who could expect mc to remember myself, under present oircumstanccs f Is it I, who am arraigned here under charges that would disgrace a ticket-of-leave felou T And upon what ovidenco, pray ?. Upon auoh slight evidence as should have been dis carded with contempt, instead of being, as it has beon, chcrishod and increased by ex aggeration, in the hands of thoso who, it appears, aro all too ready to welcome tiny bint to my disadvantage I ' " No one here wishes to do anything but justice towards you, Mr. Brandon," said Lord Boaudovere, somewhat coldly. " His tongne is cutting off his head as fast as it can,-" growled tha old squire Irom his dis tant neat. .. !*lf,you wish to do. mc ? juetieo. Lord Boandevoro, why do you prejudge mc upon suoh slight grounds t" inquired* Coyle, ((-.coring his uncle's remarks, and turning only to the baron. " I prejudgono'man; Mr. Brandon','and. I. Bhallbe very happy if tho charges'- preferred against you prove groundless," replied tho baron. "Do yoa disprove'thoin, sir, or take your self out of my sight in. very abort order 1" exolalmod thu old equtro, still in a towering passion of sbatne and .rage. " How in the demon* am I io. diaprove* them in a moment ? I repeat that, ir ',1 were acoused of having* married half the fishwomca apd robbed haif. the hen- roosts in Cumberland, I could not for tho lifo of mc disprove tho charges. If my previous obarocter, tog ther with tho calculus of probabilities, did not disprovo such base, ridioutoua,chargea, most certainly.my denial alono would not > do.-'it I Tho acousations hero pending against mb are on a par with theso hypothetical I have mentionod—monstrous in themselves, but supported only by tho .moeit trivial and absurd ovidonco!*: And; what ia tho evi dence, pray ? ! A badly-worded, ill-spoiled, vilely 7 written letter, purporting to como .from a low-bom girl, whom I Bhould not know by sight if sho should outer thia room, yet. who propoa.terously—most pro postcrously—claim's. to . bo. my. wife 1 I wonder that anyone. should * for a single instant be inclined to believe such a state ment I*lt in below contempt I'-'. .? "But the marriage certificate F. inquired Lord Beaudevere, coldly: ? ?*? * The umrriago oortificato I Ha, hn,. ha I—l wish I*- had not torn' it up I_? ridioulbua.paper; .'without-date, name, or witnoaaea I A paper written b-jr some ignora- ?' mua who could not evoii imttals tho. form of tho.document he tried to forgo I -Pray recover from, tho.amuxbineht. into, which tho charges against mo throw you! Lay aside your -prejudices. Consider ? calmly, answer candidly: Do you, or any, of you, roally consider these two wretched scraps of wauwlod papor worthy to: bo classed as evidqnoo against mo ?" . ? No one answered this question.- this girl whom I v charged with having married, or deceived 'with a falso marriage ?' Lot her bo produced and confronted with me —hero—now!" con tinued! Coyle ' ""How. cn.u sho Ijo found and brought .".' -3? ou scoundrel, wheu ahe has boon spirited away by yourself f" angrily de manded tho old-squire. -'"I havo not spirited her riwny! I know .nothing about* tho -creature,! If _ho haa gone, sho bos probably, run away with somo follow who hui really turned her head and whose delinquencies alio wishes to transfer to.my account. You, sir, who have boon, a Justico of tho Peace for this oounty during a quarter of a century, must know how of tea young womon of her. class, brought up bofore you for* iinmora)itios7 havo' falsely aocusod gontlomen of rank or wealth us having been tholr.loyors." _ ?-Bemomber the presono. ?of ladios, Brandon," said Lord Brando-fore?, in a low voice. . . ..,*?? . _ " I do 'remember the presence'of-'iydiea 1' Bat it-was tho ladies, I think, who brought' tins* objeotionablo 'subject on the . tapis. Thoy are my aoouser?, upon the flimsiest evidence J Tbey-have been deceived. Yes I I will do tbonr both the justice to say that I think they have both been deceived. Lady AUo(aire by a false letter,'and Mrs. Fleming by a false story, told by tbe girlfor the' sake of shielding tbo real offender by accusing mc. That is all." How miserably trivial as evldonce I Now it is air in' a nutshell—tlio wretohod letter and. tho wretohod story of an ignorant aud ill- oonditioned girl, who wishes to oover hnr flight and proteot her lovor by accusing some olher—any other man— me, as a matter of detail. What proof lias she of her declarations.? None I" said Brandon Cylo, looking around with an air of ioj'nrod but triumphant innooenco; for he was fast reoovoring bia insolent but porfeot equipoiae. Had he really forgotten that rencounter with Not Fleming in the darkest hours before day on tho twenty-firat el November, in her own house f Or did he oount upon the oortainty of Net doing too timid, too bashful, too maidenly, lo mention snob a humiliating rencountor? lijso, he very much misjudged tho reotor's daughter. Nfct was maidenly indeed, but ahe was also eminently eousoiontlous.' She wonld never permit tho cause ol justice te sutler through any false delioaoy. " I ask yoa again, my lord; what proof has this idlolio girl offered to sustain ber declara tion*!, either ol writing or ol speaking,-" continued Brandon Coyle, as if daring his fate. "' Whom the gods moan to destroy they first make mad,'" quoted Lady Arielle, in a low tono. Then raising ber voioo a little, she remarked : " Mr. Brandon Coyle might have soon in the despised letter, had he read it carelolly, that tha unhappy writer referred ma to Mrs-Fleming for the corroboration of her story." The aocusod man changed countenance aud scowled deiianoe. Lady Ariollo turned' to hor companion and whiaperod: " Oh, Not, bo a woman .' I know it is very disagreeable—vory distressing even ; but be v woman 1" At tho same, moment Lord. Boaudovcre, looking at tho reotor's daughtor, said : " My dear Mrs. Fleming, you observed a littlo while ago, in tho oourao of your remarks, that you ' could toll us ihuoh moro to tho point if nooessary,' but that tho subject was a painful ono. Now, my- door young lady, wo bog you; in tho interests of truth, to toll us all wo ought to know; for you must aokuowlodgo these bits of badly writlon papor afford in thonuelves, and unsupported by other facts, very poor ovidenco ugainst Mr. Brandon Coyle, in viow of lus oxcelloht'moral character." - *' I warn you again that Mrs. Fleming is my enemy!" exclaimed tho culprit, dos ?peratejly. - "If she wore your bitterest onomy she would never distort tho truth to your prp' judioe. Speak, Mrs. Flomlng." CHAPTER XLII. AT BAT. * What I . Committed I — SnAKariuia.' Ono aolo desire, ono passion now remains— To keep life's tevcr still within hia Telns: Ventjeeiaoo, diro vengeance on tho one who cast O'er luia aad all he hoped that rubious bla_t :— For this ho atill liyes ou, lilio lightnlnK Uro, To speed ono bolt of veug-cauoo,-aud expire. ? — Mooni!. 2-frr, feeling somohow aa if Bhp woro a witness Bubpconaod on a trial in a court of justice, sworn to tell tho truth,- tho whole truth, and nothing but the truth, bo-holp hor I and subjectod to croas-exaininatiou by the counsel on tho opposite side, stood np behind Lady Ariollo _ chair, and resting her hand on ita bock, aaid: "Nothing, indeod, bat tho strongost conviction of duty would cause mo to'mako tho disclosures 1 u.tn about to do. Mr. Brandon Coylo has said; that ho woidd not know Kit Ken if aho wero how to. enter thia room.. Yet I myself havo seen Mr. Bran don Coylo iu'tho.company' of Kit Ken, ?under circUm?tanocs that convincod mo that he was hor loyor.* -'-I.warned the girl to avoid him, 'and. sho proihiaod to do so; but my vfarning iind'her in-otoiaocaouc to nothing.'.* ''.'"' '-.. ' ' . Horo a loud, dorisivb laua-h hurst spon taneously froi.n tho lips of Obyle; and then was quiokly suppressed. .**'**. Old Coylo frowned darkly. ' Lord Beuudevero' turned to Not, arid said, in a low tono : " Go on, ray dear- youhg'lady." . Not continued : . ' ? '?'.,. ' * Mr. ; Coylo haa said that thia poor girl was shielding ' some other - man at his oxponso ; but I .un positively' cortain that such is not tho oaso. Kit Ken was a good, thobgh a foolish girl, and'sho was so' constantly under my own eyes that I „„oio sho had no other follower." : - " " Ajid you know that sho had him T". sternly demanded the old squire. "Yes. I am vory sorry to say it, how ovor, Mr. Coylo, but justiao must bo done. Mc was hor followeer—her only one." "You should not have allowed it,* Mrs. Fleming!" savagely oxclaiinod' ? tho' . old squire. " I never -did allow it, sir. I nover even know it until I accidentally mado tho:_is ecovery, and 'brought the girl to a full con-' fosaion." " Will you teU ns tho facts P" "It was ou tho "night -of No-romber tho' twenty-first, long after midnight and noar' morning, when I -was awakonedT out of -sleep . by tbe noise of something falling. * Thinking nothing worse had happenod than' that our ? cat had knookod .omo of tbo orockery down' olf-tho dreasor, I arose, lighted a caudle, and) wont into the kitchen, -whore I found Mr. ' Brandon Coylo." The old squixo groanod aloud and sup-, pressed an oath. .-._.... ...-,;. .-; . ..?*.?? j;* j [Io be continusd.) .7 :meg*." ?;.. -?? , Maboabbt ir_A__,ia girialiout'twonty or theroabouts, snt'on a low, broad stone noar tho edge of noli If. that overhung tho sea. Her ,featuros.wero irrogiilar,.but she hod a -certain dark, gipsy-liko boauty of hor own. Her brown stuff gown clung closely about her; her hat had. fallen back, and hving;carelessly by the* strings; a r-ed woollen shawl was wrapped around her shoulders, ono .end trailing .off. over tho scant, grey herbage. Hor hands -ivcro claspod'about her knees ? thero was a hard sot look about tho unsmiling mouth; and the eyes, that were sometimes most tender, hud a dangerous light in them as they .gn_od steadfastly off over thu darkoning.sea to tho distant horizon, still rod '.with tho refleactod glow of tho sunset.. ..*.' At a littlo distance, hut with, his back towards hor, and his steol-bluo eyes just as steadfastly bent in the opposite direction, stood - Matthew .Erickson, : a handsomo yonng fellow enough, in the rough dress of a minor, tall, strong, and tuddy,'with n full chestnut* ben'rtl, ' and 'hair of tho same colour.* ? A' blue ribbon dangled from his left hand. ;.. Thoro had evidently boon a 'quarrel; and a lovo quarrel, in ; a' struggling mining hauilct on the uorth-wost boast of England, dobs not diffbr,gresitly'from ono in a scat tered, Ashing hninlot on tho pastern const [.of .Maine. .", Forms' of spoech-'may' differ,,' '?but lovo lind anger are much tho samo thd widelworld .over. As for tho queer, quaint dialect in whioh tho special pair of lovers' poured forth their mutual griovonce, no attompt will bo mado to* reproduce it hora. You may bb suro thoy said "yo" for "you," and " towd" . for '? " tola," and "!catina" for "cannot," and '.-ita" for ?'thou.'" But all that shall bo taken fur . granted—if not for your oaso and oomfort, at least for mino 1 . Tired of the siloncoi at longth tho young .minor sauntered away with au assumed air of iudifforonco, and,'picking up a handful of Jiobblos, slowly tossed thorn, ono by one, into tho waves bolow. Margaret's oyes did not waver, but none tho less did blio follow' ovcry motion of his hand. Having watched the fall of his lost pcbblo, he enfae back and Blood behind heir, winding the ribbon round his;flngors to its bvidont detriment. '? "So you will not wear it, Mog ?" ho snid nt last. " No; I will hot," sho nn?'wbred, without turning her head. "Why do you vex mo ? There's'no more to bo'snld about it." . "But why, Mog 1" nnd ho laid his hand on her shoulder, as with an attompt at eon ui Ha tion. -"Tell mo why?. Suroly you can do no Icbb." ? " Bocauso—bocauso—l can't abide bluo. Mntt Erickson. It's hateful to mo." " But J likd it, Mog I And, if you carp for mo, you'would be glnd to wear a blue rilibori'to tho'fnir whon'l ask it." .".Why did you-buy it ?". blio nskod shortly, turning towards him by a hair's .breadth. " Not to please mo, that's sure." ,-* "Yes; to please you, and to plense myself. Jenny wears ribbons us. blue, as hor own eyes, and I am. sure you cannot say thoy aro not pretty. You aro just stubborn, Meg." Poor Matt! In his uneducated, mascu line blindness he. could not see that the dolicato colour that* harmonised so woll with his pretty .cousin's pink and whito cheeks arid sunny curls wero utterly un suited to'his-brown Meg, who needed rich, dark hues nnd ivarrii reds to brighten .her somewhat Swarthy complexion; And poor Meg! Sho had an'instinct.vo sense of fitness that taught hor this, but sho was not wise enough to know how to bxplain.it to her sotuowhat impevions lover. She could only say eho "hated blue!" Besides, Meg had carried a botc spot in ,hor heart for two months ; ever Bince thi? sumo cousin Jenny of Matt's came on a' visit to ltysdyk. Sho waa n dimpled, deli cate littlo cruaturo from tho south—from .noar Londou,. in fncfc—..where every tiling wns nicor and .finer than in .Lancashire. . Jonny's hands wero soft and white, and she had protty. gowns, as befitted tho daughter of a well-to-do fnrmer who kept ' mon * servants-and ihnid-sorvarits. And* sho hnd a*pair of real gold oarri.hgs and a lace scarf! Old Mother Marloy said it -.vos real lace, but of-that. Meg was not quite sure. That w-is a height of magnificenco, to wjiich sho was not cottdin even Jenny could attain. And Jenny had sweot, little .coaxing* ways withher; and'slio'wasal.yays purring round her cousin Mntt, liko n kitten s arid-"-und— r'lts woro bl*uo ribbons! Meg would nono of thoui, Sho sat' for-a moment, as if tnrned to stone. Then she blamed out: ? '?" Jenny I' .'' jenny I' I am tired-"of ' 1' ' Sho luis turned yonr he'od' with hor flirting ways'like a butterfly, arid her 'yellow hair and her finery. Give your bluo ribbon to her, and tako her to tho fair—for I'll not wear it I" "And you'll not go to tho fair oithor ?" said Matt, iu*tones of suppressed pnssion. " Is that whatyou mean,?" * "I'll riot go with yon," 'sho answered, .growing cool herself as ha grow angry. -" Yet it's' likoly. ouongli - that I may go. Thoro aro plenty of lads who would be glad to tako mo with no ribljous'at all"." ' . -With a strong.effort tho*yourig man put tho curb upon; his 'tongue, hut his face darkened. "You will go with mb or with no orib, j Meg," ho Bnid; "This is all non- wa ia be mo-rried.next Michael mas'! * But come,"(l-_id ho put out his hand to rai?o heir, from tho stono. "It grows dark." ; ' '. '" ' Meg,'' still arigiy, but willipg to bo pacified if she- must; allowed him to'assist' her, arid stood besido -Tier : Btalwnrt lover with burning, checks arid,' downcast eyoa. ? She rather liked, on tho whole, hia tacit refusal to defend himself and his masterful way of telling her it was "nil nonsense." But just at this moment, ns ill luck would* have it, a small brown paper parcel from the folds of her shawl. . Mntt stooped '? to pick it up. ; It burst.open, nnd a yard or two of Bcarlot ribbon ripplod . over his" fingers, ~.,..-. Now, our poor Meg, not to bo outdone by the fair Jonny, had bought this ribbon her self that vory evening, moaning to wear it to the fair next week. But it so happened that whou Matt went to Mother Marloy's shop to buy his own bluo lore-tokbn, ho had found Dan Willis there—the only man' in .Kysdyk whoso rivnlship ho -had ovor foaroei"... And Dan wns buying n ribbon precisely like .this. Mother. Marloy had wrapped it in this vory piece of paper Matt wai Bure, and he had seen Dna put it in his pockot and walk off with it: : .-..-.".. -And now, here it wasl His gift was spurned, thon, and his rival's accepted; and nllMeg's talk about Jonny was a moro subterfuge—an excuse for a quarrel. '?If -was oasy to soe, now,--why she- hod been so irritable of late, arid.-co prono to' take offonce. Brit -a -man could not stand ?Bvc?ythiag,' arid 'if -Meg '-* preforrod -Dan* i VfillU to Ebn, why, so be it. \- Yot; if sbo would not wear his love-token, sho certainly should not wear Dan's. . He hardly meant to do it; ho was sorry the noxt minute. ; 'But what ho did., as tho tide of passion swept him off his feet for an instant, was to wind tho two ribbons into a knot and throw theam voh'emontly into tho son. ; - ? '"?' " There I he cried, " that's -Bottled, onoo for all." ' . "And something elso is settled, * too,* Matt Erlokson," retorted" Meg, in a white heat, -*??? Thoro will bo no marriago for us next Michaelmas—no marriago then, or ever 1 You would strike uio some day; for alight I know, if I should choose to wear a red knot rather than a bluo. * I'll not run the risk. I'll havo nothing more to say to you whilo the .stars shirio," and," darting round tho cliff; she was half-wuy down to tlio beach before ho over thought of stop ping hor. The next diy, EricVsoh, magnanimous, great-hearted fellow that he was, after all, having gotten over his pot, began to look at thoir quarrel from Slog's stand-point. It occurred to him that he might hive drawn uneallod-for inforeneos. D.vi Willis might have a dozen" Bwbothoarts who nil ? liked rod ribbons for aught ha knew. Axid r now liko a fool he had behaved, losing his tempor liko hot-heoilod boy, and throw ing Meg's poor littlo trinkets over the cliff. No wonder sho was: afraid to trust him. Moro than one husband in Ryadyk was in tho habit of beating his wifo on as slight a provocation as tho hue of a ribbon ; and it was not strange that a high-spirited girl liko Mog should doolino to run tho risk after sho had onco seen him in a fury. _As for Jonny—-she hnd coino in botweon him arid Meg. Ho could sco it now. Hut Bho was going homo the day aftor tho fair; and ho would sec Mog that vory night and toll her sol For ho did not dream that all was indeed ovor botweon thorn. Ho could liardly wait for tho hour to leave the mine. .. Ho changed ' his ". soiled clothou, ate hig supper hurriedly, and was soon on his way to Meg, stopping as ho went to buy another vibbou—red, this time, and broader and richer and handsomer tlian tho one ho had robbed her of. Thau ho wont on through tho crooked, scattered littlo village, till ho reached tho Widow Koala's cottage, just on the out skirts. To hi? surprise, ho -found tho door looked and tho shutters olo?od. As he stood still in Ids perplexity, a white handed urchin who was turning somer saults nearby shouted, ?f*Ho you. Matt Erickson ! It's no good to wait thero. Tho widow nnd Meg havo gono away;" . " Gono P Whore P" ....*-. " Don't know. To France, like enough thore— -or to Ameriky—or to London—or somcwhoi-o. Thoy took a big "box and a. bundle, and I don't know but they'll stay for over 'n over. Mog said bo ;" and, making a rotating wheel of hinisolf, the lad vanished round tho corner. ?Just thon tho door of tho noarost cottago bponod and a woman's face looked out. It wns growing dark. "lis it you',- Erick?On? Thcro'B no ono at homo in tho house there. But I hnvo something hero I was to givo whon you came this way." His fnco was stern nnd sot and whito iv tho fading light, us ho took tho littlo packet from the woman's, hand. " "Whoro havo '.thoy gone ?" was all ha said. "I don't just know. . To' visit somo of their kinfolk a grout way off," tho widow said.. "fOhl but she's a close-mouthed ono, sho is—and Meg's a bit like hor. They're not gossij.y folks. Yon novor got much but of thorni" sho. added, with an injured air. "Notbut I'vo found them good neighbours enough; but they're rathor high and mighty for commoners." ? As soon as he'wnu out of sight Matthew Erickson ojwned thu pocket,. Ho know what was in it before ho untied thu knot. A string of curiously-curved bonds, with a Btrnngo, foreign, spicy odour, that he had bought of. a wnndering sailor, nnd fastened round Mog'H. neok ono happy night, and two or thrcc'othoi- trifles ho had given hor. And ho found this note, slowly and p.iiu fully written, badly Bpellod porhnps, and nat.puhctuntod at aU. But.what of thnt? Tlie meaning was plain oirough; nil too plain, Mntt thought, ns ho drow his hand across his eyoa as if to clear his - vision.- \--" I gave you back your troth Inst .night 1 . Hero are tho bunds, and the silver piece, uud ' the h6ix>n fonthers. Now nil is over between us." Here sho had evidently ho?itnted* a. moment; wondering -if her words'were strong enough. For on thu line below she had written,, with nn echo from tha prayer-book reverberating in hor cara, ' "For over' and over, amen. Margaret Noalo." Not Meg, his Mog, his proud, high spirited Hwecthcart—but Mnrgarot—Mar garet Nealo I It Bet hor at such ttu iui meuHurcnble distance over him. "All in over between us." As if sho wus dead and buried out of his sight. And ho had spoken to James Bay about the snug cbt tngo beyond tho bay; and thoy were to hnvo been married at. Micluiclmus ! Ha kuew enough of Widow.Ncnlo'H linbits to nsk no .more .questions of tl.e neighbours. As'ono of thorn had Bnid, sho wns closo inouthod. Ho, know sho hnd a. sister living in Scotland for. whom Mog w_ iinmod r but whero ovon ho did not leuow. Scotland was liko a distant, foroign lnnd to the peoplo of. Kysdyk. But. th? widow had money enough to go to Scotland or farther, if - she wished, evou on such short nOtico. She had never workeod in the ininos/neithor had Meg. She hnd a comfortable anuuity left her by hor old miatro?s ; for sho .had sorved in a groat family before she marzicd John'Nealo. . ? ? . ' Month after month passed. ' Michaelmas was over; the winter camo nnd wont, and ?Kysdyk-knew no more of* hor and Meg than when- thoy left. Tho siloncer, the .void, grew .unendurable to Matt. With tho eaarly spring ho carried into, effect what had boon' the ono dream of'his'life before, ho"learned to lovo'Meg; ? -America won tho land of- promi?o- for -miners as woll oa others j'? and had ho not a fricod who worked in ' tho great iron mines nt Isb poming, on the shore of tho wonderful riorthorn lako that 'was itself almost as. lnrgo' ns nil England ? He hnd no father or mother; only, a half uncle; whoso honao" had been thef only homo he had ever ?known. ' -' ? What better could ho do tlinn to sook work and-forgotfulness together .'where 'thero would lie nothing to .remind him of ; the past? *.?'???- ?..*',? . .'" So, whon ono fine morning nearly a'year; after hor snddon * flitting, tbo neighbours awoke to find the dobr of Widow Noalo's cottngo ajar and tho shuttora open, tho iirat: bit of news-Meg heard' was that. Matt Erickson had gone to America. ?' It struck hor liko a blow. Now indoed bo had dropped jout of her lifo. as utteriy as months smco aho had; of hia. '? For she,' too, had had timo to repent..' Almost before' the-bluo hills- of Scotland had ; dawnod- npon' : 'ixet sight: she - had repanUd in dust and ashes. How foolish sho had boon, liko a ohild that throws away its -read in a pet and goes to bed hungry. -Why had she not worn'the blue ribbon to pi oaso her lover, oron if aho did not like it ? -As for Jenny—but what noil-;, sonso waa, that 1 Sho wonld havo been ashamed of Mutt if he had not been kind to uor. ? ? ...; To bo sure ho had boon cross and thrown nway her ribbon. -But. then, ho waa a mnn—and mon woro .strong and -mastorfnl nnd could -nob bear contradiction, and aho had angered him * by her foolish persist once. ? . - Ah 1 if she could but' undo it all, and havo hor toll; bravo, handsome lover book again. Sho would havo turned round, and gone back to Ky?dyk tho vory next day if Bho could havo had hor way. But a journey was a journey to people of thoir rank and* condition, and her mother; who had taken it to ploiiso her, nnd somewhat against hor 'will, was not to bo blown -about like a feather by hor caprices. She Kad suspebtod a. lovo quarrel waa at tho Ijoltohi* of Meg's sudden and impetuous desire to go linmo-j diately on a "visit to hor Aunt Margaret iv Kilmarnock. But, once being thoro, the old' lady was determined to hnvo "the. worth of hor money" before she went back. Sho oould not afford to go jaunting 'round the'country, she said, as.if she. woro tho Quoeu herself with, all parliament at hor book. Whon she had her visit out sho would go home, and not before. Meg was a good girl, but she' was a bit hot tempered. This lesson would do hor good. But why, do you oak, did not Mog write to her lover, if Blio folt she lind been in tho '.wrong. Ah, why.do not wiser ones than aho always - do the best thing,, the right .thing? Besides, sho wus ii woman, nnaa proud ono. Aftor having discarded hor lovor, sho would not forthwith fall at his foot and ask him to marry her. But, ah ! sho thought, us tho long, slow days woro ;ou, if sho woro only with him again—if sho only look upon his faco onoo moro, ho would know .ill -without tho tolling. Thoro wna another reason. Writing was a hard aud unaccustomed task. Sho could not talk with hor pen. Sometime, if tho (*ood God would lot her sco Matt faoo to lace, sho would explain ; but aho could not 'write. And now, aftor oil tho months of waiting, she was book in Kysdyk, but ho—ho waa in America. It was as if ho had gone out of tho world. One day Bhe wont to tbo roctory and askod Miss Agnes to lot hor look nt ;the map of Ainoriea. Tho young hidy did so, and showed her Englund also, and tlio wide waste of wat'ors that ltiy botweon' tlio two. What a speck England was to bo euro! Thou she asked to bo shown Luke Suporior, and Miss Agnes pointed it but, wonder ingly. How far it'was I As far from tho sou- board, iiluiost, _as tho ' width of tho Atlantic itself. ' Shu turned aWny witfi a long, shuddering sigh. Hope waa doad within her. Matthew Erickson had gono out to . her little world into another of whioh sho know nothing. He would have been nearor if ho had boon doad. Onco in a while, as tho yean went on, at raro iatorvals, news of him oame to liyedyk. Uo was well ; ho had fair wages, tboughgoldwasnotlobo hadfor the gather ing in America any mora than in England ; ho had been promoted and had ohargo of a gang of mon. At length there was a j long interval of silence. .Then came* floating rumours of ill; then after awhile a letter in a- strange .hand-writing, a letter to his uncle who I.ad die* throu weeks beforo it came. Thero had .been a bad accident in tho mino—an explosion; and in the effort to Rave others, Matthew Erickson had him self received dangerous* injuries. No ono thought ho could live. But now, aftor months, ho was slowly roebvoring, if recovery it could bo called.' For ho was blind. Thcpoieonous vapours had destroyed his.sight. ? It was five years slnco ho- went away— five years that had brought' many changoa to Meg. It wfts a soberod, thoughtful woman, not a hot-tempered girl, who knelt by Widow Nualo's sido a wook after 'the letter camo, and said : " Mothor,havo I been a good, faithful child to you these many years t" Hor mother looked nt her wondoring.y. Two quiet women living alono thoy woro not in the habit of boing over demonstrative. "A good child? Why do you ask that, Meg ? There's not a better in all Lan cashire 1" ? "Havo I {over vexed' you or given you sorrow? ? Tell mo,motherf* "No," said tho Widow Nealo,. slowly " Ouly it vexes mo that you will not marry. An old maid's no good, aud you know that two of tho best men in Eyodyk worship tho very groundyou tread on this day. 1 call no names, and I say nothing. A woman must answer for herself. But I wish you were marriod, Meg. I've saved up a good penny for your dowry, you know that." "Yes," sho said, her lips quivering. " Whatever wbb the reason'you did nbt j have Matt Erioksonr" her mother wont on; querulously. " You'd have boon a proud wife, now, and ho hers, hale and hoarty." With a qnick ga?p Meg threw up both arms, aud then buried her face in her mother's lap, robbing vehemently while the latter sat agliust, hall frightened at tho storm she bad unwittingly raised. At last .81.0 lunched her daughter's hair softly. " Dou'l, Meg," she said. " I did not mean It." But Meg only drew the wrinkled hands about her neok and let hor tears flow un cl.coko.l. At length sbe looked np." " It wss I -who drove him' away-—Matt Erickson," Bbc -said. " We had a little quarrel, just a fow idlo words about a.ribbon, -.ml I told him in my silly anger I would have no more to say to him whilo* tbo stars -bono. And now tboy do not shind for him for ho i? blirid—blind. Oh, mother, I cannot live, 1 esnnot bear it I" "Yes, you will live, child," tbo widow answered, q'uiekly. " We can boar anything, we women. Your'fathor was brought into mc dead—killed in these mines'when yon "were soaroe throo years old, xnyMogi and I I am alive yet." * " But this is worse thnn*doalb,"* sho cried, passionately.' "Mother, do you hoar? '-Ho who was my plighted husband is blind, in'a ' far, strange country. I must go and bring "him home—homo to Rysdyk." She had risen from her mother's arms, and stood before' her in tho-moonlight,* pale, resolute, with her-hands clasped'rigidly. " Give mo my dowry; mother, and let mo go/'.'sho said. 1 " Do ' not ?'deny mo 'this thing? I am well and strong nnd, if I do say itjl am quick-witted. I can-make my. way. I shall como back-safely.* /Let mo go,. mother!"' ? ." It Is not your place, Meg. Lctsomoono elso goi" "' : : . "Who? Tollmo that! -Has ho father, or brother, or hneloP ' "Who is there to gof' ' ? ?>. But—it's -not right * -maieienly to go ? off after u-lovor,-Meg.< What will' the folks : say? Arid—wonld you-marry a'blind man X' ".""Maidi?nly?':lt is maidenly to do right,"; said Meg, sturdily, her brown cheek flushing.': !" What do I care for the folk? I am not a young girl to drop jny ayee'and bo ehatuo- ? f aooa/beoause folk will.-. talk. They alwjiya -? talk..- And m for marrying—it .Unot'ot inornate lam thinking now; it is of bring- - ing Matt Uriokeon—he whom I drove away' by. my Ui. doing—book" aafo; to hla owii country-—"/!?? : ? - . ~: ???;,.y,- 1 . : She hesitated a moment, and then went : on i "Bnt I'll not play f?l?o with you, mother. Ho'H not aak mo to many him.. But I shall know., If ?he wants mc after: all that's past,ho sh&U; havo mc, and I'd s takecaro of him till 1 die." ~ :. ? j ?,: , ' Their talk,Uated far into the night: But. with it wo have no mors to do, nor. with the . details by whioh; a little money warn to bo niodo to goo groat way..' For, after-many, tear J, tho widow consented that Meg ihouldt take her dowry and spend it as she chose. . If, they . had been worldly-wise they -would . have accomplished their'purpose through,;, the agency ot others. As it wa* thoy saw no way. Ulan .for Meg to do herself. tho.. thing sho wan tod done.- . ; . Oh, .thst ; -,weary, weary journey I. Why ? was the world so wide, the .way co long?.. Meg kept np a brave heart until 4he bol?teroua ; bouan was orbssod,and aho had made hern way as far as BafUlo, wh?re aha had.boon,,' told to take the steamer for. Marquatte.i-.1t;,. loetned to her that she had travelled,,tho . \- width o< the wholu wide earth already, ainoe her foot first! fell apon . the ,aoU .of . the ... ?tr?oge, Dow world. V : . .., i "I? this Lake Superior, sir T" aha a?ked,i timidly, of a polloeman, aa ahe lelt the oari and >aw the waters ol Xiake Erie ? stretching : away in the diatnooa. '! And can'you toll me, are we near liupotning?"' ? .. " Oh I no, my; girl, thl? : isJErio.v Lake ??< Saperior isway np north, hundreds ol rnUel. Iron bin. Isbpemingf-.. Never, heard of eooli a place.' But here'a. yoar. : ateamer if t you're going np. that way." '?? '~; Her heart Bank . liko lead. AVould.Bha, ever, over roach tha ond f All day, and day >' ufter day aheaafc iiluntly in tho bow of > tha Ijoat, giuiing atesdllyrforward.! On, on, till.; Uriu wu . passed—?n through ? lovely - St. , Clair with;iu aoftly ;rounded shores and., fnlry ialauda—than up throughliuka Huron, ?till straggling up, us it wore, past- -, towering, frowning heights, paot utrotahoa.. of interminable toroat, paat rooky' hoad-> lands, piist sandy boaobo?, through tortu-< one ohannole and dovloua way?, iuto tho wild rapids of tho Saut St. Marie; Thoa at lost Superior I grand,- wolrd, mnjeatio in ? its awful silonoos, Bweoping on bocwoon its ? mighty, far-atrotoUing ahoree, dork aa the' oocan, roeistlc?i as tho grave, TVhoro wueebo going P Would aho over find Matt P Sailing on and ou—ponotrntiug nature's soori't placoe, whoru tho foot , of , man hnd nover troddon. So it ber. Could bumim kind livo iv these vast,' wild, wild wildernesses P ll was. like a new birth, when attor many d?ye the ateamor pntered tua beaatiful bay or Jlarquotto, and the fair yonng otty roto before her aatonisbed eyes, ita white olltfa gloamod' in the aun, its groen eborm 'swooping down ward to the water'o edge. She was near her goal at last. For lahpoming was but twenty rnllos upon the railroad, and.thither "bo went by the first train. How rough and wild it, all was t And how the oharrud and blookouioii pluo trees towored aloft like grim giants, and pointed their ghastly fingers at her as uhe swept through, their Bolitndos I "Oaa you tell mo where to.Jlnd n man oallbd Matjhow Erlokeon ?" eho asked of.the depot r mast6r| trembling,from head to foot. ?'ErioksoaP Erickaon? Blown up in tho mines a year or.so ago, .wivsn't heP Uβ atays at Sam Ay roe, thu Jiinglishman'e, 1 bolioTO. Juatyur go round*that oorner,' ma'am, then turn.to tho right and.go.up tbo hill—or atayi liet mo louk...up here and I'll go with you. Evnr hoea in lehpeming before P NoP I thought you looked like a stranger in theao parts." Ho left her at Sain Ayro'e gate, having oponod it gallantly whoa: ho tuff that her cold Angara wore unfit to dohor bidding.' A kindly-faced woman oamo to tho door and bade hor wulcomo. Mog's story woe soon- told. " And you liave oome ulouo oll.thid loug way to take Erickson homo ngaln P" hor cyoeiilling. "God bless, you, dear, for I aui: euro: Ho; mint you, We!vO:done ,the best wo oould for him, but—you aro hie sinter P" "No. I am a friond—a neighbour. Tlioro wae no ono'olso," nho naid, simply. " AVhut'B your uamo P I'll toll him.' r l( No innttor übout Uio iidujo; say a fidoud fromtho old country." Tho woman camo back presently. ."Bo oaroful," she .naid, "he's wook yet. But I want to toll you Koinutliiuir justtokiyjp you up, for ho looks liko n ghost. Thero won a grout doctor from Now York up horo last week to look ut hie poor oyoe, and lio told Sam thoro was a ohnuoo for him yot—just ono auunco in a liuudrod." - * *'Does ha know it h" aakod Mog, tromu louely, hor colour coming aud going , . ' Sho wan but a womiin after all. Only bundness would liavo brought hor horo. ' ; "No, and you must not toll liiin. Tho dootor said so most particular. Will you go up how?" ? ?' He had been fitting in tbo sun by tho low window all day brooding brooding. Tbey|had beon very kind to him,' those Jpoopld," bat Bveu kindness wears itself out after a while. What was to become 6f him? Tho wagos ho had laid np were wasting "away. The barrjr northern winter would Boon eot , in. Ho sbivered as.he thought of tho Uoroe wiiids, the pitiless, drifting snow. ' Therewas'ooth- , ing a blind man oould do here. It he were en"y at; home in Bysdyk I Would Meg bo sorry for him, he wdndered, if she koew hovr desolate ho was, how lbuely- in this -'etrahgo land r If ho were at home ho oonld learnto weave bttskote' like' old' Timdthy. Bare lie wae"jtfit a' dead Weight.' : "Bbmo one to iso him from 'tho , old country? ,, Ho turnod his sightloes eyoe towards the door whore Mbg Wa/i'outoruijj noiuolesa ?ius a spirit, and his' fooo kindlod oagorlyi Noisolos?ly sho closed tho door bohlncC'lier. Ho was. so ohurigod, so wbito and ' woriij that hor own heart stopped its. pulaalion Xor a iuoujont. .She feared" any "eu'ddbri ' shook might; bvproomo Hiih. Shodiiru not spook lust ho should know , her.' voice. -Strange that she had. not thought of. UiU beforpi ..' ; . ~.', '/\'..'' ;.", ~' .-,; Ho put out hie band vaguely, fooling lie presunoe th?t ,b-o,oould not ecu. : . ? ? Yo V' l axo - v ?ry: wolcomo," ,'ha, jiaidi ", But I:.do not.knowwho it??. >Who ?xc you ?", ~: .. ..-. .-,.'.', ..?;' -... -, . Jle thought- it was some kind-.EnglieVi ooiuu, who having heard of, hi? misfortunes had comb to spoalc a word of ohcor and comfort. .? -.;. . . ~?,-?.. -..,?? V ?.-.-.?-? ! Bhe gave him. hor'hand, still siluntly. A -woman'e: hand 1 : :-A nwlft thrill through Jiia -frame,; and his faco (lushed. Holding , , horeolf still with .a migh>jr effort, Meg knolt by his side, laying hor head upon his kneo. , HU hand touched hor hair; her forchoad, her lips. , -She gavo a low cry, 1 trembUhir I-'like a leaf.-.: -;??-;-.? .:??-. ?. ?;?'.;-.. ?, n ? "Spcttk' to mc, quick,"-hu whisporodi ?hoarsely. ? ? ????..?.--.?,.-?.,. , ~. ..,,..,.,;,.;? ?" "T/UibbV. :???; -y.i ; '.:..i- :,..„,; _.._,\: O. Porr,m?atwrtla V 4fUrnoovr. 