SOCIETY AMD FASHION. A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. AUG. L The seaBon is over, and London is empty ing itself, and assuming its autumnal aspect with unusual rapidity. There has been no attempt this year to lengthen out the period of pleasure by the garden parties which have long been resorted to with that purpose. The ireather has put its veto upon the " tea and lawn- tennis " that formed so pleasant a feature in the entertainments of last year. The files at Sion-house, at which the Duchess of Northumberland did not appear, the honours being done by her daughter-in law, the Countess Percy, the Duke of Argyll's daughter, were complete failures; two-thirds of the expected company did not go, and the reBt had to remain in the house and look out upon the rain. Far beyond the effect of the weather, and of the pervading "depres. sion," however, has been that of the very sudden death of Frances, Countess Walde grave, which took place on the 5th July. So wholly unlooked-for was the event that the countesB was to have en tertained her old friend and former neigh bour, the Duke d'Aumale, at Strawberry-hill, on the 6th, and the Prince and Princess of Wales a week later. Lady Waldegrave had taken cold while sitting for her portrait, had thought nothing of the Blight attack, but ramp into town from Strawberry-hill on the 5th July. She saw a physician, was told that the affection was bronchial and she must be carefal, but not the slightest alarm was felt The immediate cause of her death, which was quite sudden, was failure of the heart's action. The s&d; news was received with general and profound regret; she was much beloved as well as admired, and the deepest sympathy wa8 felt For Lord Carlingford in his sudden and great bereavement. Her loss is not only a social one-although in that sense it is severe and irreparable-but it is also a serious cala mity to the Liberal party. Since Lady Palmer ston's time there has been no social centre like that of Strawberry - hill or Catlton gardens; and highly important as Bach a centre must always be to a political party, the out-of-joint condition of the Opposition at present renders it still more unfortunate that they should be deprived of such opportunities as those which the profuse hospitauty, the unflagging zeal, and the perfect'tact of Lady Waldegrave afforded them. ; One heats of " bids" for the vacant place, and of candidates who are favourites, but no one believes in them; we all feel that a great Boci&l;" illustration " and political* force has vanished, never to be replacedi But there are very many who deeply regret Lady Waldegrave quite outside of the political Circles in which she was so im portant a figure, many to whom she was individually kind and sympathetic, and who hold her memory dear. I saw her last a fort night before her death; she was talking with her usual animation, and was looking remarkably welL She has left the Waldegrave property, which was at her absolute disposal, to Lord Carlingford for his lifetime, and at his death to Earl Waldegrave. And so " Strawberry-bill" has become once more a thing of the past, associated with some of the most brilliant and pleasant recollections of the life of the present generation. The Empress Eugenie remains iii the pro foundest seclusion and absorbed in her grief at Chiselhurst. If anything could nave deepened the respectful sympathy with which the sorrowing mother is universally regarded in this country, it would be her noble conduct in interceding with the Queen on behalf of Lieutenant Carey. Such an act could not have surprised anyone who knew anything of the Empress's noble nature and profound practical piety, but it has much impressed the public. Nothing can exceed her grief, except, indeed, her resignation; she passes her days in prayer aha meditation, and is much in the ohapel where her son's coffin is placed tbx thb tire sent. I am told that she is sadly changed, the lines of bet fair face are. altered, aha the beautiful hair, once "a world's wonder," is . thickly sprinkled -with grey.' Meattwhile the French Government is: exhibiting that petty Bpite which is too often shown'by French politicians, and at which, I suppose we 'shall never cease to feel contemptuous bstonishment. They are obliterating- every reoord of the Empire from the streets of PariB-the Empire which made Faris -what, it-is-apparently in the blind haste And!fear aroused by certain symptoms o( « revived recollection of the prosperity and brilliance associated with Napoleon III. To such an absurd extent are they carrying this that the correspondent of the Pall Mali Gazette wonders they do not change the names of the bridges of Jena and Auaterlitz. The death of the Prince Imperial has brought about a demonstration of the vitality of Imperialism among the working classes which has taken the Republicans by surprise, and there ia this one feature in the " situation" which has to be looked at steadily. " Plon-Plon would be acceptable to the godless section of the working men, although they would not have rallied to a Prince who was a Christian. Some uneasiness was felt by the police authorities here on the occasion of the Prince Imperial's funeral, lest an attempt on the life of M. Paul de Cassagnac should be made by Communist refugees, to whom the fear less defender of the Empire is an object of peculiar hatred. He was profoundly indif ferent to the danger himself, and nothing occurred to justify the apprehensions of the police. The great stature, distinguished bearing, and deep grief of M. de CasBagnac made him an object of great curiosity and remark to the numbers of people who as sembled to watch the mournful procession. A disagreeable impression was produced by the young Prince Victor, whose abrupt and haughty bearing .and forbidding face, which combines the plain features inherited from liis mother with the thick greasy com plexion of the Buonapartes, form the strongest possible contrast with the suave and gentle dignity of the manners, and the refined, somewhat melancholy face of the gracious, promising, and beloved young soldier in whose grave it is earnestly to be hoped the dynastic claims of the Buonaparte family have been buried. The " Goodwood week " of this season has been a comparative failure. The " house party," which is always so marked a feature of the festivities, did not assemble, for in the grand old house, which looks out upon the historic lawn, a young life is ebbing away. Lady March is dying-in the full bloom of her youth, beauty, domestic happiness, and wide popularity struck down by cancer. There was a tolerably large gathering of ladies in the grand stand, Mrs. Langtry and Lady. Lonsdale being conspicuous for their beauty and their gowiiB; and the Prince of Wales stayed for three days with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar for the races, but none of the female members of the Royal family were at Goodwood this time. I saw the Prin cess of Wales two days ago driving in the Park with Prince Leopold, who was, I am sorry to say, looking very ill. Just before the Queen left Windsor for Osborne a very alarming intimation reached the Home Office, that an attempt would be made upon the life of Her Majesty by the wrecking of the train during her journey. This seems almoBt too absurd and incredible for belief, and should, one would think, have been treated as a mere vulgar hoax. Such, however, was not the opinion of the authori ties, who directed that extraordinary precau tions Bhoold be taken, in consequence of this intimation, of course. The " depart ment " maintained strict reserve respecting the exact nature of the information which had been received; but the arrangements betrayed anxiety, and the officials of the Great Western and South-Western Railways were taxed to the utmost of their vigilance and ability. Not only was a pilot engine under trustworthy guidance, conveying two police dignitaries, despatched a quarter of an hour in advance of the Queen's train, but a strict watch was kept upon the metals over which the latter was to pass, and all thickets by the wayBide, bridges, tunnels, and cut tings were strictly searched. Nothing what ever occurred to disturb the Queen and her daughter, and no doubt the persons who " informed " the Home- Office thoroughly en joyed the result of their mischief in alarm, anxiety, trouble, and expense. In things literary we have not recently had many important "events," nor is there any Earticular promise just now. We do, indeed, ear that Mr. Bentley is about to pub lish the loBg-promised Mettemich memoirs and correspondence, but no time is yet fixed for their appearance. Messrs. Samp* son, Low, and Co. are about to pub lish Major Serpa Pinto's great work on his African exploration. 1 have seen a portion of it, and some of the maps. The latter will rectify several popular errors, _ and con siderably change the received notion of the extent of the Transvaal Territory. The same firm, into which the literature of travel seems to come almost to the exclusion of other publishers, will also shortly produce a curious volume by Captain Barry, which giveB a strange history o! his experiences in Australia, New Zealand, and Fiji, extending over forty years. That dear old friend of all hardened and confirmed readers, Fraser's Magazine, has taken a new departure under the auspices of Principal Tulloch, and the two numbers already iB8ued are of varied interest. Mr. Blackmote is at his best in the new serial story, Mary Aneriey; for power and pic tnreBqueneBB he has done nothing to surpasB this since Lorna Doom. It is long since a revelation has been made in which the reading world takes BO deep an interest as that which has been excited by the publication of certain letters addressed by Lady Byron (Baroness Wentworth) to Byron's half-sister, Mrs. Leigh, and communicated to the Academy by Mr. E. Maunde Thompson. Several years ago, when Mrs. Beecher Stowe scandalised the world by her atrocious state ment of Lady Byron's terrible accusation against Mis, Leigh, I was told by a lady who had known both Byron's wife and sister well, that a correspondence which would shatter the wretched story to pieces was in ex istence, and that my informant 'had seen Lady Byron's letters.' Those which have now come to light axe no doubt the letters in question. Tneiy form part of the papers of Mrs. Leigh which have lately been pur chased for the British Museum, and were written at various periods, beginning on January 16, 1816, the day after Lady Byron left her: husband's house, and : ending in 1851, just before Mrs. Leigh's fatal illness; ana they testify to the constant esteem and affection which Lady Byron entertained for her sister-in-law.' They also afford a curious and strong corroboration* of the witness borne by the life and letters of the Rev. Francis Hodgson to the estimable character of Mrs. Leigh, "and her constant, endeavour to make peace between the "111 matched and unhappy pair. i The last link between the old rSpinte ot France and our time is broken at length bfr the death of the venerable Marquise de Bwinay, ' who died a few days ago at Copenhagen, 'aged93. She wasthewidowoftheMarquisde Bonnajr who presided over the*' National Assembly at Versailles in 1789, and who was, of course, much older than his wife. -I met ? the old ladyin PariB, at the hotel of a staunch LegititaiBt, in the Fauboprg'St, Germain, many years ago, when'the Second fimpire was in all its gtory, < *nd wen remember the almost' awfal .sense >1 had of being in the presence '©! ancient History, tohen our hostpcd told roe, In' her; ' kindly interest for the curiosity^of» joung Btnhger in Paris, that the Marquise > de Bonnay-whose maiden name I forget-naa been taken, as a tiny ohild, to the church at Versailles, when the King and Queen and the "States General " went in procession to "The Mass of the Holy Ghost," before the -. ;? v , i I opening of that famous session. I alwara recall the eight of the Marquise, next to mv having the«pot pointed out to me by an old gentleman who had lived in Paris all his days, from which he witnessed the execution of Marie Antoinette, as the " sensation" 0f my first Parisian experiences. The opera season in London has not been. I believe, a financial success, and its close at Covent-garden has been attended by some unpleasantnesB. Madame Patti, who has been singing and acting as well as .usual was as well received as usual by the more aristocratic audiences throughout the Beason, but when the less fashionable world went one night lately to hear her, Bhe was received with a storm of hisses which fairly drove her off the stage. Her Majesty's Theatre has been well attended, and Mr Mapleson has certainly done wonders to Elease and satisfy the public, although he as not been able to produce all the novelties promised at the beginning of the season. Gcrater, KiUson, and Miss Minnie Hauk have been Binging in succession, and to per. fection, and the brilliant American prima donna has added to her list of triumphs by her splendid performance of the part of Elsa in Wagner's opera "Lohengrin.* Nothing could be finer than her execution of the music and her conception of the character the farthest that can be imagined from the audacious and fascinating Carmen, with whom Miss Minnie Hauk is chiefly associated. Atlier benefit on last Monday, she was rapturously applauded, and overwhelmed With bouquets, one of which was a real triumph of taste. It was of large Bize; the centre a rich rose, of the duskiest and deepest red; around this was a ring of pure white roses, then came a circle of pink and a second circle of white, the outer rim being formed of deep red ana yellow roses alternately, the latter the peer less Gloire de Dijon; the bouquet was en closed in a handkerchief of cambric trimmed with beautiful lace, and placed in a bouquet holder of coral, from whence depended ribbons of the Spanish colours, crimson, black, and yellow. Signot Del Pusnte, the "Toreador," has attained great eminence this season, and as his acting of the part is as fine as his Binging of the music everybody can appreciate his merit. Mr. Irving's first Beason as manager of the Lyceum has closed brilliantly, and he has Btarted for a well-earned holiday, on a voyage on board the Baroness Burdett-Coutto's yacht with a large party. Miss Genevieve Ward, an actress of whom London as yet knows nothing, but of whom we heat great things, has taken the Lyceum fot the autumn season, and is about to produce a new play called " Zillah." It is from the prolific pen of Mr. Palgrave Simpson. We have been considerably laughed at in Paris for the tremendous fuss which we made with the Comedie Francaise, and it must be confessed that we overdid our enthusiasm, especially in the case of Madame Bernhardt, who is a mediocre actress, and an exceedingly affected and ill-tempered person; but the great theatrical event of the year is likely to prove a permanent advantage to the London stage. A cry for " organisation" has gone forth; Mr. Edwin Arnold takeB it up in the Nineteenth Century, people Beem to be in earnest, and we shall see what we shall see. 