V. R. C. CHAMPION RACE. Nothing like the usual interest was mani fested over the above race, which, no doubt, was duie to the absence of First King and Chester from the field. Only nine went to the post. By common consent Wellington was pronounced the most thoroughly-pro. pared animal in the paddock (says the A as tralasizn,), and in consequence of this, and the form shown by Grifin's horses, the son of Panic was in good demand in the ring, though Vulcan, who was in very fair form, maintained his position of first favourite. Roodee looked rather soft and sore; but Calamia stripped well, and so did Warlock, notwithstanding the accident to the " semi. tendinosus nmuscle." Bosworth, too, was in much better condition than when he was purochased by Mr. Jellett, and both Coon. goola and Nerissa were fit enough, but a little out of their element in a Champion Race. Miss Whiftier, too, came in for favor able comment, but it was hardly to be expected that she would distinguish herself upon this her first appearance in public. The race needs but little description, as Wellington was in the front rank nearly all the journey, came away when asked, and won just as easily as First King did lust year, the only two that were near him being Warlock and Bosworth, between whom a capital race for second honours took place, and the chest. nut just managed to do the brown. The result was received with a good deal of cheer ing, and Mr. Johnson- Boe received the con gratulations of his friends upon the victory of his colt. Wellington is a powerful but plain clt, by Panic from tile imported mare Frou Frou, and was bred by Mfessrs. Finley, at Glenormiston. This victory vwas accom plished in the easiest possible style, and the Williamstown trio never had the ghost of a show with him. Bosworth and WVarlock both ran good game animals, and there could not have beeq much the matter with the chestnut, otherwise he could neveri have got where he did. Vuloan and RTodee both out up very indifferently, and the weight evi dently was too much for Calamnia. Loan FatourKou once more heads the list of winners in England, the popular nobleman, who never bate, having won in stakes no less a sum than £37,211. Of this sum the cole brated mare Jannette won £16,486, the Epsom Oaks, Doncaster 6t Leger, and Champion Stakes having fallen to the filly. A two year old, Wheel of Fortune, by Adventurer from Queen Bertha, won £7,668 10\. for Lord Flrnouth, and the victories of Charibert, Redwing, Ohilderio, Leop Year, Silvio, and others bring his lordship's woi nings up to the total given. In five years Lord Falmouth's horses hiave won irn stake , alone no less than £118,876; and his favorite jockey, Fred Archer, wonover 200 races dur ing the past season. 