' ' INTERVIEW WITH THE KING OF , J3URMAII. A correspondent of the Daily N eivs, writing from Burrnah on February 9, gives the following account of- an interview with the young King of, Burnialv:— - A door opened on the left side of the garden house, and there entered 'first an old gaunt beardless man— the chief eunuch— closely followed by .the. King, otherwise unattended: He came on -with' a quick step, and sat down, resting his right arm on the crimson cushion on; the ledge in the centre of the' railing. He wore a white silk jacket' and loonghi; or petticoat rob«, of; rich yellow -or- green -fsilk.' -Hisyonly ornameuts ; were his diamond ear. jewels. As he entered, all bent low, and, when he had -seated- 'himself, a herald lying on his stomach- read,aloud my credentials. The literal translation is as follows So- and- so, a' great newspaper teacher of. the Daily News ot London, tenders to ? his Most Glorious -Excellent Majesty, -'Jjord of the Ishaddan, King- of Elephants, master of man}- white elephants, lord of- the' mines of gold, silver, rubies, amber, and the noble serpentine, Sovereign of the Empress of Tli u naparan ta a n d ' Tarn pa'di pa, and grea t empires-E nd 'countries, arid of all the um brella-wearing' chiefs, the supporter of religion, the- Sun-descended Monarch, arbiter of'' life, and great, righteous King, King of Kings, and possessor of boundless dominions and supremo wisdom, the follow ing presents ' The reader was intoned in a comical high recitative, strongly.- resem bling that uscd'when our church service is intoned ; and the long- drawn-', Pliya-.a-a-a' (my lord) which concluded itadded to the resemblance, as it caine in. exactly like the ' Amen' of the liturgy.. ? - . The reading* over, (the return presents were picked up by -an-official and bundled over to me without any cremony, the king meanwhile looking;'on in silence, .chewing betel- and-smoking, cheroot; vpSeveral of the courtiers : were following his. example in tlie latter rerpect.' Presently the Icing spoke in a distinct; deliberate voice,— , '? ' Who is he'?' , \ ' Dr. Will iams,: acti tig as my : i n troducer, replied in ,; Burmese, .. A.; writer., of the * l)iiily News' of London, your Majesty.' ' Why does he cbnie ?' . ?'^To see your. -Majesty s country and in the hope- of -bei ng permitted- to, reverence the Golden' Face - ? v '' 'Whence does he 'come ?'' . ', From the 'British* army in Afghanistan, engaged in war . against . the Prince of Cabtd. ' ' ' ' And does the war prosper for my friends the English*.'' ' He reports that it has' done so greatly, and that the Prince of Cabul is a fugi tive.' ' ? ' Where does '(Cabul-' lie in relation to Kashmir.1 - ^ | ; Between Kashmir and Persia, in a very i mountainous and cold region 'i,, i , There hiid 'been some pauses more or less loiig between . 'each of these questions, the King obviously reflecting what he should ask ^next ;- then there was a longer, and, indeed, a- wearisome pause. , Then tho King spoke again ? ' ? : Where is the Kingwoon Menghyi V ; '-'In court, your. Majesty ' replied Pio -Norio/i ''It is a court day.';, 'It is well, I wish the .Ministers to make every day a icourt - day, and labor liard to give prompt justice to suitors, so that there be 'ho complaint of arrears.' \- : W i tli this I a (icla bl e l n jn n cti on H is M ajesty rose and walked away, and the audience was over, ! ? ? ? It is rumoured that Princo Leopold will become a member of the Church of England clero-y. His Royal Highness is well read in theology, and to curry his intention into | e fleet 'lie will ho able to pass the Bishoji's cxaminatiou. Tekiublk Pii::vi:.\Ti;i; — As every resident knows, the main object aimed at in build ing the Palace Hotel was to construct an hotel with a roof so high and isolated as to be inaccessible to cats. Six months ago, however, a guest was rudely fired out of that tavern for sitting up all night with a sick lady boarder, or some such trifle, and ho resolved upon a terrible revenge. The next day he returned care fully disguised, and carrying kittens of assorted sexes in each pocket of his Ulster. He asked to be permitted to visit the roof, and while there stealthily discharged liis feline freight. To-day there are sixteen hundred and forty-two cats and a mortgage on the edifice in question. — San Francisco News Letter. Fijnny Mistakes. — The Wellington (N.Z.) Post says: — 'Funny mistakes are s mietimcs made by the bailiffs and con stables whose duty it is to ' cry' the various i cases in the law courts. At the Resident | Magistrate's Court a gentleman named \ Owen Lord was interested in the case, but in order to save time, no doubt, his name appeared on the official records as O. Lord. Sa id the clerk to the orderly, ' Call O. Lord.' ' Oh, Lord ! ' shouted the orderly. As Mr. Lord did not answer at once, the orderly went outside the door, and yelled 'Oil, Lord' three times. Although the Court was convulsed with laughter the orderly could not see that there was anything wrong, an 1 simply contented himself with calling ' Silence' in stentorian tones, A well-known legal gentleman, who was entering the court when the orderly was crying ' Oh, Lord,' was amazed, and made anxious inquiries as to the mental condition of the orderly. In another case, Mr. Eustace Brandon was concerned, and when ' the bailiff was instructed to call him he twisted the namo into Useless Brandon, much to the disgust of that gentleman. Education in France. — Tho 'Herald's' Paris correspondent says : — A bill just brought in by ono of the now men, M. Jules Ferry, for prevent ing members of any of the Unauthorised religious fraternities from engaging in the business of teaching, either in tho public schools, in private ones, or in any educaticnal establishment, is oxciting a storm, as thoso against whom this bill is directed have fully one-half of the teaching of tho country in their hands. The prohibition is specially intended against tho Jesuits ; but the unauthorised societies engaged in teaching aro twonty-3oven in number, and comprise 1937 mem bers. At tho head of tho list aro the Jesuits, with twenty- seven establishments and 848 priests. Next came the Ediats, the Marists, tho Basilians, the Dominicans, tho congregations of the Sacred Heart, &c.; In point of fact, there are but five associations ' recognised' by the Stato as ' Reli gious Fraternities these aro the Lazarists, tho Seminary for Foreign Missions, the priests of Saint Sulpice, the Fraternity of the Holy Ghost, and that of the missionaries of St. Francis de Sales ; in addition, four communities are ' recog nized' — the Capuchins of Chambery, of Youne, and of Hautecombe, and the Cisiercians of Albert villo. Theso four and tho St. Francis mission aries were recognized de facto by the annexation of Savoy. Finally, three associations of men aro legally recognised, not as 'religious fraternities,' but as charitable bodies devoted to primary edu cation and as establishments of public utility. In the first rank of theso are tho ' Christian Brothers.' The'se twenty three legally authorised associations possess 2023 public schools, 7G8 free schools, and consist of 20,8-11 members. They aro not affected by M. Ferry's bill ; but the per turbation it is causing throughout France may be judged of from the fact that 71,000 pupils, prin cipally of tho middle and upper classes, attend tho unauthorised religious schools, while only 70,000 attend the schools of State. 