ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c; A very remarkable version of " Uncle Tom'a Cabin" was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. It is remarkable in that there ia not much of Uncle Tom in it, and what there is of Uncle Tom, iB of no great account. The Uncle Tom of this play | is a coloured gentleman of a sleepy disposi | tion and indefinite aims, who, finally being slapped in the face, composes his limbs decently on the ground, and gives up the ghost. Why he dies will probably always remain 'a problem. The Legree who causes his death by the slap, is aless revolting Legree than we have been accustomed to, and he evidently thinks it better to kill a nigger by concussing his cheek, than by " whaling" his dorsal integuments. He, Legree, is shot shortly afterwards, and dies without agony or remorse. The future fortunes of George Harris and Eliza are uncertain, as well they may be, for, in escaping northward to the Canadian frontier, they have Bomehow got down New Orleans way. Eva does not die, but is declared by her father to have perfectly recovered, although she does not come on to verify the success of the treatment she has undergone. The last seen of Topsy is in a dance she executes around the dead body of Legree, for which saltatory exercise, she has just previously divested herself of some of her superfluous finery at the back of a tree. There ia no Cassy; but Eliza is made to suffer in her stead, and is tied up to a tree for the purpose of flagellation, which the shpoting of Legree prevents. The deck of a river steamer is made the scene of several events which, in the novel and other dramatic versions, happen elsewhere. When Eliza escapeB, she does not jump from one ice-floe to another, but selects as large a one as ahe can find, and floats down the stream like a detached water-lily, with the lime-light well shown upon her. There are some hymns sung, and some Ethiopian dances executed, both of these to the satisfaction of the per formers, and if the spectators are not con* tent all the worse for the spectators. Mr. O'Brien played Uncle Tom as if he were entreating the audience, all the time, to excuse him for doing anything so absurd. ! Miss Lily Dampier has been seen to better effect than as Topsy, and little Miss Rose ia as for out of her line as she can well be in Eva. Mr. Dampier is lost as George Harrisi and eo is Mr. Appleton as St. Clair. Mr. Greville is piteously helpless as Phineas Fletcher, and Miss Anstead was probably never less at home than in Eliza. Mrs* Appleton is wasted in Mrs. Shelby, and Mrs. Bryer sinks into inexpressivenesa as Miss Ophelia. Miss Melrose's Mrs. St Clair re minds one of a poor drawing done with an HHH pencil. Mr. Taylor struggles manfully to be funny as Washington Cudjoe, and well* nigh succeeds. Mr. Carey as Legree nearly makes that ruffian respectable. All the rest are ciphers, of various sizes it is true, but still ciphers. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" last night gave place to the benefit performance of Mr. Rignold, and to-night will be produced " King Richard the Third," not according to Cibber. Last night Mr. Rignold was to play Romeo for the first and last time in Melbourne, and therein he was to take his leave of Australian audiences. For, on Tuesday, he leaves for Sydney, en route for America, there en route for England. And it is not likely we Bhall see him again. But we shall remember him pleasantly, and he will always be associated in oar mindB with one of Shakspeare's lead ing characters. For jnat as in thinking of Brooke we think of Othello, and in thinking of Montgomery we think of Hiunlet, so, in thinking of Rignold, we .shall always have before us Henry thfe Fifth. We have had no Othello like Brooke's, no Hamlet like Mont-' gomery'a, and it is tolerably certain that after Rignold no other Henry the Fifth will be en dured. At the,4c$dep^J/J>»ftfpre" and "The Sorcerer" have been played on alternate nights duringthe week, and each evening they have been preceded by " Naval Engage ments," under the newer but not so expres* sive title of " The Admiral." This little old comedy is played sedately, as if the per-, formers considered they were, engaged in a serious business. Anid the audience, , ,as if wishful to oblige the actors, have ^edfttely witnessed it. This is as it shoqld be. There should always bp a good understanding be tween audience and actors, so that Mr. Ljn gard, Mr. Philips, JJr. Piugi, jlx, jPoltwjk, J^rs. Woo^rjjdge, ^d Ilg|. jBajj, fjpy.coii* eideithat tfiey are w.&p; HifetHHtiiitSf ttH Hie (Itffiih Itdd <rf Ikfe fhh< llftllig. Dl The J'HuefeM'8 is to mti toiittfiif utifl^t IJjfe iHkilBttbliibiii; of m. tlmiffai wHIi h obiiififttir tMlbtitfj flelfeO^ff. tifil ll elnrift tfllli Mt jflftlt dWtert. MtlfiffcwiLJ 1>eMi ItnVeffctl, with tt f|«w, titbUMf. ttiafcih# the fife# fittfn6 <rf thi j 'J'liwiltt (tie itioffe ttiifti- optlftte. lifton'B "Mow fotbloW" tfatt tfpttjdmd nt the (ipem-hottae on ftotitfdti* iiiglif, H wne played first iti tliig Hit at the Thgatrs Itoyhl. some j-eftw ngo, ttfid Miss tlbSfe jflvMig took the imrt how playfed tif Mri. (lather. it is, fit) will bb tfetnfetnbfettd, h stotf twins, in which one siatfet- stujooeds In pfcss. in# herself off for the other, fot the purpose ot revenging herself upon her dead Bister's husband, who, she believes, behavfed badly to her sister, whom She loved devotedly it is but n poor story, and If it were not fot tha comic element in it, there would he ltttlft to make one wish to see it a second time, Tha comic element, or let us say elements, ate two-a lawyer's clerk, atterwards bookmaker, afterwards vagabond, and a maid of general occupation; and It is out of the loves and differences of these two that the fun is ex tracted. These character are played by Mr. Marshall and Miss Taylor, and when they are on the Btage, you laugh continuously. Mr. Marshall's humour is of such a catching kind, that you give in at once, without drying to resist the infection. Whether the pugilistic clerk who adores " muscle," or the sporting cad whom the ruthless doctor ex. poses, or the out-at-elhows street musician " blowing himself into a early grave" through that melancholy instrument the German flageolet, he is equally diverting. He is so full of surprises, that when you least expect some sally of grotesque absurdity, he is full upon you, and you are shaking with laughter beyond all kind of control, before you aft able to explain what ia the cause of your amuse ment. You may reBolve to be grave as much as you like, but he will drive you out of your gravity, and upset all your calculations on the power of the will to resist provocatives to laughter. Be holds you in his fascination' BO Becutely, that you give in-you comedOwni from any eminence of dignity upon which you may have placed yourself, and you laugh like Jaques, " sans inter mission." Perhaps he thereby makeB ion care less for everything else in the piece, but that only shows the dominancy ot bis power. He commands you to laugh, and you are only too glad to be commanded. And he could not have a better coadjntorin this business than Miss Taylor. Miss Taylor has a voice which at once wins you by its clear ness, its crispness, its merry ring, its genuine liveliness. There is ho make-believe about Miss Taylor's voice, and MissTaylor's manner is as genuine as her voice. In the represen tation of buxom serving-women, with no scruples about the letter H, she haa surely no peer. , Mrs. Garner played the double part frith a good deal of discerning feeling, and gave a recognisable individuality to the two aspects of it. Mr. Ward, aa the vengeful clerk, ex hibited commendable care, but the character a little too much reminded one of the othec characters, he has played. Mr. Belleville, as the erring lawyer, made up and acted with such a scrupulous regard for the particular dramatic significance of the character, and,, in doing this, BO completely sank his own identity, that it was not easy to believe ifc was the same actor who had appeared in younger parts. Mr. Gamer was somewhat too neutral of colour aa the conspired-againet husband, and Mr. Shepherd, although show ing some quality of lifelikeness as the doctor, through whom the detection of the imposture comes, can hardly be accepted as an average medical practitioner of the present day. Mrs. Stammers made very well of the opportunity of a benevolent lodging-house keeper, but MiSS Dora Santon was altogether too in* definite and inexpressive, to be accepted as a dashing equestrienne of the higher social plane. Speakinjg generally, however, the piece wad' very creditably played, even apart from the irresistible fun of Mr. Marshall, and in the matter of stage appointments ^esemjs to be spoken of with the same degree oE praise, as that accorded in the case of the two previous pieces played by the company. Mademoiselle Charbonnetgave the third o£ her matintes on Saturday afternoon* at Glen's rooms, to a quite enthusiastically.*p preciative audience. The performers were the same as those who were heardon'the previous occasion, and the programme, jfrafc constructed with an excellent judgment.' It opened with a string' quaxfcett, No. lopf 44, andante and finale, of Sfendelssoi^.BWttf with a well-considered attention tomeaiing. and accent. Mademoiselle followed .'"With SchulofFs arrangement of',w $he jpitoVfil of Venice," which she gave with an airy^sptokla that made this always Acceptable composi tion comfi with an agreeahjb -quality^f near ness. To whom succeeded Mias O'Brien with' " Happy Drpain £anjf,"a bafl^'Vfnose merits, helped by thesihger'a earne^'marmer, ought to cease it to' he asked for in themisio shope. The first put finished with Weber'a minuetto and. finale in B jflak and Messiij. Cajron^^ K>jng, t^^Iw<Sgue It is possible, if your experience was'not equal to the oocaeion, thatf, in' Bpfe&king; of this performance, ydti may have dWfirikM it oa Fesca'a cmnuetto and finale; 'But in truth, Fesca,jbad nPttWJf wliateypftp dftyitb it, and thejmoral of*tJiia otoervatioiLifljf^hat it is not always mtirely safe to jcrW.the programme.11 AS a lilatV^t ot:<fat6,'^wflveri the music was Weber'sj arid not ^esca'a. The second part optoed wlth ^' iA^DinBe Macabre," -which* ia more in terse ting\> the more yon jhearit; §p that jtf ,]b#5B;enflpr»d was a .matter of ..Bfflfp, wd wholly, repeated was a. waiter also. There tame, then, Mons. Caronjwith " Terence's Fart Well,hfe^rtWded into b6' tot&jr.; ' ,lafKiSb^l|hg tiwtefiHitt <0 it w/is Il/t6 W&hfetltitt; tip flfi(1 flotvn ft jOvMy tfiaf.b, rtfiMi, /tftlitttidi fihviijB IfiG unm gfoafid, fwMti 6oii«fu(ftll.v ,|iflPf^1< fWitatti. Thfefi Mftdlemtdgelle gftfe up Ihtte delightful namm m rtstinfi!'{Conrttti/t, Pjtkdk, find Pttmtnlltt, <j,c firfel Mm n fittitplf tnirt timG hticb, the pprorid ft I'ifece IW lh6 hhtjitilbhbttl, fitmiiy n fftitnty hfifl a nft.1t Ma. feotnjitrted tvhfeh hoops ntifl powder taifl frfttches weft* th$ ctmcbmi fnfitfi of ftrtihte lovelies j rifirt 11)6 thM, n Fjinniftli fetieet-alf Stfitieltlfig of guttata find fil(ntitiP. Id each of these, Mademoiselle (Imrbtrfifiet compelled her instrument to tell out the etofjr, eo that foit might easily enough picture to y6urself wlmt fttis recounted. in effect, ehe made the piano chant torn antic ptoriee of the time of out great great gfiuidfathefB and grandmothers. After this we had "Ave Mafia," in which Miss O'Brien Again need her voice with a rare effect, and M. Caron his violin with ftn effect which sympathetically seconded the voice. The rtwtini'c ended with Ketterer'a Caprice iJongtoin, In which Mademoiselle, aided by her admirable orchestra of five, produced re sults which would have made the blood of Kossuth warm with passionate patriotism, All through this concert, the interest of the listeners was thoroughly secured, and Made moiselle Charbonnetkept their ears in thrall, AS only a perfect mistress of her art may be considered capable of keeping them. She was complimented as usual with wreaths, garlands, and nosegays, the value of some of which was heightened, by their being pre sented by the hands of those who are as artistically earnest as herself. At the concert at the Town-hall on Mon day night, for the benefit of the Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade, there was a full at tendance, and everybody appeared to be superlatively gratified. The two prominent nameB on the programme were those of Miss Alice ReeB and Mademoiselle Charbonnet. Miss Rees maintained well her popularity, and gave euch selections as could not be other than acceptable to a general audience of tfys kind assembled. Everybody who is musical at all, now knows the pretty little air of " Sing, Bird'e, Sing," and Mr. Beaumont has recently made " The Blue Alsatian Moun tains" equally well understood. Watson's " When Stare of Summer" may be less in the average mind, but, as Miss Rees sings it, it soon will be. Mademoiselle Charbonnet gave again SchulofTs "Carnival of Venice," which was quite as much relished by this large audience, as it was by the more select one on Saturday. Also she repeated the never-tiring "Last Rose of Summer," and in both of these performances won so completely the good will of the audience, that ehe had to gratify her admirers by returning to the piano^ In acknowledgement of the compliment thus paid her, she gave a sparkling polonaise by Weber, and also that bright little galop of her own, of which men tion was made aforetime. There also took part in this concert Miss Wooldridge, Mr. Moroney, Mr. Alfred Ford, and Mr. Lamble as soloists, and Mesars. Angus, Juniper, Lamble, Hornidge, Madden, Exon, Ford, and Staker, in part songB. Misa Wooldridge is to be particularly spoken of for the pleasant and unaffectedly expressive manner in which Bhe gave "A Little Mountain Lad," which has almost become her own song; and the " Drinking Song" from " Lucrezia Borgia." The organ selections were well given by Mr. Plaisted, and the conductorship was in the competent hands of Mr. Herz. Hia Excellency the Governor, attended by hia aide-de-camp and secretary, was present _. ProfeesorPepper has continued to please and in^ruct Ms audiences with an entertainment which requires, only a reasonably receptive rapacity to make the listener both wiser and happier. And if "knowledge can be rendered ^ this wjay so delightfully obtainable, it may ^ajrly be considered whether all knowledge could not he communicated in the same faahion. There is really no reason why the acquirement'of knowledge should of neces sity be difficult. . running and reading can be combined, it is juat as well that we should ^ead the while we run. 