THE JOINT PASTORAL AND THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT. (CONTINUED FROM THE SYDNEY DAILY TELEGRAPH DKCKMUKU 22.) /By a True Catholic. XI. As long as Public schools are not solemnly condemned by the Church and stigmatised by some canonised monk, such as heretical, or schisiuntical, or scandalous, and so forth, no priest can. refuse ahsolutiou to narauts for that one soeciul thintr. nro- vi.ied they arc otherwise worthy of it in every thing else.J Modo absolustioue digui alumdc videantur. . 4\. This reason holds good also for tho- Sacrament of Confirmatioti, It Nvould bov an utter abuse of power, and a flagrant act of despotism, to deprive children attending Public schools of thoSaoniment of Confirmation, if duty prepared for its, recoptiou ; for it is one of their essential duties to obey their parents. They must go to that school to which the' are sent, aud for which their parents aro willing to pay. If parents are guilty of transgressing a law, the .Scrip ture says that " Tlie hor shall not bertrthc iniquity of- his father" (22). It ia the priest's business to he vigilant, and see if children who aro to be confirmed are properly instructed, and possess all the disposi tions necessary for it. But it matters not. and in point of fact it would be nn impertinence ami intru sion to question them— where did they learn their catechism, and by whom were they instructed ? Many parents would not be pleased with this, and ovory unprejudiced man would blame the priest for making himself over-anxious, und for busying himself about other people's busiuert, Dictation also might lose that singleness aud serenity of mind, that pcaceful- no, -s of conscience, and those internal dispositions which are essentially required in order to receive the grace of confirmation. But, above all, bishops have to hear iu mind that they are not masters of the Sacraments. Christ is the ouly aud absolute master. Bishops are Ills stewards aud administrators ; any capricious aud despotical act in this matter would he highly reproaeiiahle, and looked upon as a downright broach of honesty and truth. As it would 1h> 'a aaorile- gious profaiiatieu "to cast poarls before swine," and administer the Sacraments to ' the un worthy, so it would ho an act of crying injustice before God aud men to withhold them from the worthy. Any bishop, by doing this, would prove himself untrue to hit calling, aud would deserve tho rebuke and puuisuiciit indicted upon the unfaithful and unwise steward of the Gospel, who being set fivl-r th<» LnrilV famllv. dill not imvo tlmm tin mcttmtre of wheat in otic ttottsot) (23) ; or, aa St, Uifiore' expresses it, '<Qutt)utiiis;t|i silti Jautiliam Ja'mo, tilti code vc-viverit '' (21), ami Ills portion, tltoroforo, was appointed with tltu Imioaritos and tmhullovors to. sulfor weupinir and gunshliih' of tooth (25), Now, ltora I loavu to tint reader to jndyo of tlie conduct of Archbishop Vaugban in St. James's Chttrch at l-'orost Lodgu on Sunday, 2'Jth July, 1873, when troiit to confirm tlie children of thai dis trict, alluding to the. joint Pastoral, he said that " ho did not intend that letter to lie a dead letter, hut that it should he carried out to its fullest signification, and lie hoped that it would produec good fruit. Tho I'uhliu school system, as nt present uonduutcd, in which the principles of Christianity were ex cluded, was producing a race of indiffcreutists and intlduls, who would — If not chocked in time — sap tlio foundations of religion. He could not confirm children front Public schools without saying a word, and ho would not confirm such children for tltu future. He 'would ho delighted if Catholic children could hq uU lowed to partake of the benefit of confirmation, aud to he able to ask such- things as wotlhl onahiu thorn to suffer any reproach suull tut their (alitor tu Heaven had suiVured before thuni ; hut this could not he done 11 VOU/ uuru l|Ub lit Ik 11V ntittu h'J IVhUHV RIIVU uviffillt, Ho would not reprimand children for what wns not their fault ; it was the parents who were to blame. ' Are there any of these children here,' asked lus Gntce, ' who have cotnc up for confirmation . wito go to Public schools ?' On receiving (pi in tlie affirmative, ' Wito are they ?' yb,i Avcit) bishop. Father Pollaril, tlio piest, dill not give the liatues audibly, lint whisporoil a fow wqrds to the Archbishop. 1 1 will not confirm thorn," said Dr. Yattghan; then, addressing the children, who began to weep, he said, 'I don't bltimc you; go. home to yottr fathers and mothors, or to your guar dians, and tell them what I say. I should ho de lighted to confirm you otto day, whenever you avq A to be confirmed. I will come to this cliuroh any. day for the purpose; no trouble shall, ha toq intteh for mo. I am very sorry to seq U'Uh ollildi-eji weep." I would rather you shomd ho ' hftpjjy j hut' the laws i?< tho Church mnqt 'uo"'byoyb(f.' hero miiy bb tew sometimes forttretfchtn£ a point ;'hut i m\'Ai took to. tho fnlU of.'thc"p6dpli:,'and not nllow'thtfm to grtv up uils'o'nml1 ih 'faith', and then reraoaoh myself tlmtS h'a've"ti<ft done my 'du'ty,' Vnthor Polltird 'then in-, formed tlio Arehhislt(\j, that (ho childrcit, lilluded to were ahotit tq h.q i-unloved frpmyhe.l'ublicscltcois. 'X wijl qbnlii'm you th'cit/.sai'tho. Archhisli&i;'/ 'I don't lfxc to SOD ybtt g6 ItOuiO unhappy ainl cs-ying, wbenyou, should he full of joy ;' relyinij an, tins promise. X will rnaku it 'a case of eycM-.tiutt wltorq.'l may stretch a ppitlt"(20). " AivvttYyti «$.fcon|K>. atulj iidcrstanding will admit t \\- a'lth tr.h on, Vanjrlian lost sight of his ' -.it ' f A'got himself both as nu English ; :nv.i:n . ..,- tile Chitreh of Clfrist. . This i ;. I.rf;.- id /.'. a certain, uie':iqiife to Dr. Mur- ; - tp. Mfp'.ljiniJ, who tliroiigh a circular ; i'PU;iT-:. pi ! .bi i.i'icfjts that licuecfortli ho would j lip «,';«? C u.iolic children attqnd,i,if "ujijie -a. irciii- .- roaring l'ijhlic sqhools . r „ - 1-" upfsjjUpjt. 'jci'iiidjil comuiittcd in i; -. : i , . iy iljslipp. Quitip, it will; uot be ! diout itf '' - i: \\. V-.: ' ' ' f jopfO'l'i-'ngeroua.to religiop than ; i.-.oVit.u -tten by self-fauaticlsui, Itsccuis ! .u .t D' ir - - ' -'ten labours unjle'r, it. "Jb quote V; aii id.W , i. last Lenten Pastoral he. said ip, i . his 1>.- -, the' power giyen nm W tijc i, Hu'.y G'.iO,!-, L ; :v, ou tlio following. iuU'U, djSncil- jl satious." ' .... . ! , 'A 11 theoiopi; . , ,d cjiiquistEjiy thqrq. /'.two puven, 'lh02— the ijoy.-pi; qf tli OKji; ; i ipntcs/o.; Uiv>; . ftjtlib. power Qf, j?Vtiii\irtiOHt (-vp. At'tys nAiyvbhet' ":i.:.). I'I;',:. ppwev' 0 tfe order , ;,z 1)iyiiM;' It ' !;. tout, tjoiy tlhost, " and (dCpt'injs t)!) qo i..',,V„ W-'n lays his hand on 'Ti'i ra'V'.. 'A-': '"Sg hint ti priest, that man is ' A.) / \ .- -Vh, - L : -t.c.xxvl.at tlieeuJ. validly ordnined. But the pONvetof. jurisdiction : . human,.- nud- comes directly, from the !Popc, . Nvho : - cau extend it, and restrain it? and 'even i take it ftNv.iy altogether at his will: (28-VNony .the power of giving out dispcnsetions belongs - to u: the pouvr ot jurisdiction, hccauae- itv supposes y a diocese, which is assignetl- hv. the - rope;. und, thervlore. it w not froui the: llolv Ghost, as Bishop Quuui . boasted. A \ tcjir-general nnci an apostolical adinuustmtor have iu> episcopal order, nor Holy Ghost hovering over theiq, and vet they can give Lonteu dispensations. The consequence is that if Bishop Qumn,4ed by self-fanaticism, can delude his fiock in such easy matters, Nvhat may not bo expected from lum iu mattors of more difficult bear ings ami higher concerns 2\. the refusal of the laat rights of the Church ' and Christian burial is a cauoniail censure of the highest order. It snpposes u manifest coutiunaby to «a just command : operUm contumaciam pnccepto justo (27). Ttis callea hv the canons 11 ecclesiastical intenlict, ' which mav 1>e partial or total : a jure, or nb homiue. . As there is no statute or deoreo in the Church of God enacted tin crcumcmcal, or national, or provincial, or diocesan Synod, strik ing with ecclesiastical interdict, parents wtio send t heir children to l uhlic schools, the interdict of Mr. Xcnna u as strictly total and ah homiue, liccause itdcmived him of all the consolations of religion, and was laid upon liuu by Dr. Qunin not as a pastor of the t'hmch. hut as an individual man. He acted uot in force of any standing law of the church ; not as an expounder of the uhurcli mind : not n» an ndtnimu-- tratoi of thechurch doctrine and discipline ; hut us a private man, promulgating and enforcing':! peiuil law of his own, aud exactiug blind compliance with the particular views of his private judgment. ' . The Council of Trent is very Nvary -about mulcting ecclesiastical censures. Speaking of ex communication, it says : — "Although it is tho very sinews of ecclesiastical discipline, nnd very salutary for keeping the 'people in tlieir duties; yet it is to l»e urged with sobriety und great circiiinspectioti, ?oeing,thnt experience tenchcA ' that if it l>e rashly nr. for light faults wielded, it in more despised than feared, and prodnccs ruin raLlier than safety " (28). Benedict XIV. very . properly remarks that what tint Council of Trent'savsi about ozcommimication, ia also to he understood of ' tlte intenlict (23). Now, it cannot bo questioned -that the- inter dict passed by Bishop Qttittn on -.Richard- Kcnna is the most, whimsical and tyrannical on church records, since the church of Christ 'is ruled nnd governed hv laws. Tt is contrary to the principles of sound ', reason nnd equity (53), and diametrically op posed to the decrees, of tlie Holy Council of X'rent. For it is void of pastoral sobriety and circumspection ; it is rash, aud inflicted -for n light cattso ; it lias -produced contempt rather than fear, ruin rather than safety. Again, itla against «.«»v ojiii «v .urn t-iiitiitcivx ui uiu uuutvii, which, ocing a i pious mother, uses her power " in edification and not in destruclioti." (31.). It ia against tho express . teaching of the Fathersi'; wito, eontinnaily mindftti of the feet, that "Qhu fitad placed in 'tliem the ministry of reconciliation" (32) uiado cliarity nnd benignity, not sternness and severity, tito t-ttle nf their pastoral office, and- tlid not hesi tate to give out. with hold oitt- spokenness, tlint ' it is better to err iu mercy than severity (33). It ia. better to liave to give tin account to God for too much mercy than for too much severity (3-1). Wo are better excused Itefore God for too tuncli mercy than tor too mncli severity (35). Finally," qvcry Christian is fully sensible that the God of the old Syungogiie . prided to lie called tlio Lord God of Hosts (58) - but tito God of tlie new dispensation is by. excellence the Father of Hcrcios, and the God of till Consolations (37). What atrocious' injury to His paternal heart , to destroy this darling character, of His, and make him again the God as described liv Naliinn, ' when lie said, 'ITItc X,ord is a jealous God, aud a revenger ; the Lord' is a revenger and liath wrath; tho Lord takcth vengeance on His adver saries ; and He is angry with His eneiuies" (88). How Bishop Quinn can reconcile his conscience, and appear in public as a pastor of the Church, is tirtddlo to every honest umn and sincere Catholic.- Christ came oil earth " not to destroy, hut to save souls " (33) ; and Bishoit Quinn has done all that wns in iiiA power to destroy tho soul of Mr. Keuna. Alas ! 3\. Tho defence in his favour made bv Dr. Byrne publicly in tho church on Sunday, 'July "ti, after tho . reading of tlio Gospel, was .tlie most fiimsv and .shameful that could ho bad. It was a scandalous profanation of tltu Sunday service,1 and of tho holy sacrifice of tltu Mass. It was tt miserable misrepresentation of tho Synod of Melbourne, and of its deerces on education." Tito illustrious Dr. had ' the courage to represent thorn as containing a penal. Church law with canonical censure, which is abso lutely false. as wy ltuve already seen. -Moreover, A failing to quote any Scriptural text in proof that bishops have tlie power of making lnws nt their will for tho government of tlio Church, and, having made tliem, are bound to: aeo that Church laws are obeyed, liu resorted to tho passage' of the Gospel "He that boa ruth you hen ruth ire, nnd he that despiseth von despisuth Mc " (-10).; and emphatically concluded : ' "Whoever would rebel against the Bishop would rcliel against God ; for our Lord himself said, address ing the first Bishops : lfe who hears -you, hears Me ; and he who despises you, despises Mo" (41). What a monstrous lie! aiid"; what amount of barefaced ell'rontcry it required to havo tlio audacity of tolling it solemnly from tlio /holy altar, as a part of tins Sunday divino service, iu order to justify nn net whieli is by no means justifiable, and boguilo by it poor ignorant people who do not know hotter. " Let Dr. Byrne read tho Gospel : bo will find that Christ addressed those words to the seventy-two aud not to ' tho twelve — namely, to the disciples, who wire alt laymen, and not to the apostles,- who were the "high bishops." Let him rend also some theological book, and ho will perceive that no divine of any note ever quotes this passage as a biblical text to establish tlio bishops' legislative power, and tho people's submis sion to it. Luckily Dr. Byrne is only a doctor by rescript or favour, and uot by examination and right ; and consequently his statements oanuot lio quoted as nil authority. Contrariwiso wo should exclaim — No tali iiuxilio, nee defensoribna istis tempna egct. 4\. Woye still was tlio meeting or plebiscite that was held on July 22, in the Githolie schoolroom nt Bathurst, under tho chairmanship of Mr. Edward Cell, fur tho purposo of presenting to Bishop Quinn a congratulatory address for his grand action in having refused the administrations of religion to Mr. Keuna nnd sent his immortal soul to the tribunal of God branded with the curse of the CHpnoh, ami left be hind him a scandalous libel to the pcrpotual infamy of his broken-hearted family., A popular meeting, or plebiscite, means not only public opinion and public mind, but also popular supremacy ami popular judgment. A plebiscite of tins kind, hold iu the city of Athena, condemned the. moral Socrates to diu liy taking poison. A similar ' plebiscite, held iu tho city of Jeriwalepi, condemned tho Son of God to ho crucified- between two, robhui's, A plubiscitc, held of late iu the Eternal' City, stripped the I'opc of his sovereignty. And so a ilebisoito held by benighted pcoplq in the cify of iathurst absolved Bishop Quinn uoiif the cruel wrong he had committed, and the atrocious scandal given and expressed tlieir mind on the subject by stating "that the Bishop's action, and decision was nor, governed by his individual opinion, but by an Act passed by the bishops in solemn conclave assembled ' 12) ; and "so far from eensuriu'g the conduct of tho llishop, it should bo the duty of the lovers of law niut ardor ta ntmluml iih» »m) nihniv/titttu - h unff a kuoNvhovvtorojoiuuinthe poseaaicu\oiso count, oOQUs, watchful, vloroua a pastoi', \\\h.c vvR.MvurYingly uiul in tho moat painful circumstuucca.-cuniiis outtUi! law (14), Can there ho anything oi a> more revoltinir " nature tliim all theao liv and hoNv-' could tho Bathurot Jlecova, aa an of tho Church doctrine ' ' saiiction thein, and loyal currency f r ' . . fjt .Is 51 VUI' lV(e;v\v tUvnis for u guilty binhon |t> seek jUHtilication tiw niiplauBCH am) flattery of hliuiL miriuid(Hl TliB Council of Trent baa decreed that for major euuaoa a bishop in to bo indeed by tho Jand lor lninor cauaw , by a LVovinciul Synod (4a), DUhop Quinn, by approving of Urn Baturab « plubiscitu, LMvc a base kick to <Uq Council of Tront ' aud iiiUoduccd in lus dioeos© a meana of recoKnisinir ecclesiastical causes nltogothcr to altered ' canons. . ' laiiiry Jonnml, g.itl Auj-, 1873, article— l.xeltlvi; .srciw at St. Junu-V It. U. Cluire)..,: ' liovotl. Jmtit C'anun. l'rolcn.» c, IU„ u. 20 (S7) Con, Uoloiilcntii! 1, an. (28). (to, xxv. De UcffC. 5. (i'9. Qmu j»orro do oxconvnuuiontlono «l!oft» sunt IntclllL'L otiam duliont do intonlictu iif>o. elt. Lib. xlii, o. i n. 1, (3U), Lmu mtiouls i wqnitatis princlplu rtuiulennt gs.o co i j 1 1 1 1 o n n Vf V U.i V CUlliUi, oi jwo onluu nioilo Iiiidoil- ' iu, U.S. (31). 2 0ov.) x. 8.;\ULl\S " Ay2;CorvY>iyk QW. ht.. 'W Urtlae. Horn. |9, in Muttl,. , . (jy. AVNtonius, jxirt Ji., lit. M,c. 2. Kb Vhmuni oimMf, G3. I Ktoxv. 2., ami afr hi .loruiiila-i.. (28)5 Nalium 1., 2, , (39). St. j.uko ix., ftfl, ( IU). st. I.uko x, Hi. (i i). T/i Vt'.frQ't/, J'ais- 73 . K'twii.'Aue M rrporte.1 by tho " /!?,' pocirtn Aagni 1. MOT. ''."y'lHsspeooh. jbltl. (S). Sess. xxlv. Dr. lluf., c. t. 