AMUSEMENTS. The announcement that last night was the last one for the performance of " Struck Oil " nnd the " Chinese Question," at the Theatre Royal, in duced a considerable attendance, and both pieces were plavcd with all their usual effect. To-night "H.JI.S. Pinafore" will be produced in a most complete manner. The scenery, it is promised, shall be some of the best ever produced by Jlr. W. J, Wilson ; and all the performers have been well occupied in rehearsing during the last fort night, under the direction of Signor Giorza ; and, altogether, the opera is likely to be placed upon the stage in a style not to be excelled. At the Victoria Theatre " Hermcsand the Alchy- mist" was repeated with singular success, the brilliant effect produced by I'rofussor Pepper's scientific apparatus literally making the eyes " the fools of the other senses." To-night the drama will be repeated, followed by a piece entitled " The Red Lion, or the Jtissing Ghosts," in wbicli some amusing songs will be given. At the Queen's Theatre there was no change of programme, nor, so far as the attendance is con cerned, would it appear necessary to make one, the audience being very demonstrative of its satisfaction with the present one. To-night is the last one to enable the Maoris at the School -of Arts to he seen, and there should be no lack of patronage, inasmuch as, apart from the intrinsic merits of the entertainment, the performances are for a compli mentary benefit, tendered to Captain Ferris, who deserves a substantial recoguition of his enterprise in endeavouring to render ' the inhabitants of this colony familiar with some of the manners and customs of their neighbours, who, although living only about 1100 miles from us, are, comparatively speaking, a sealed book to the majority. Burton's Circus seems to possess a perennial popularity, and the constant change of programme no doubt is the cause. To-day there will be an afternoon performance for the benefit of the juve niles and residents in the suburbs, and at night "Turphi's Ride to York" will be produced for the first time at this place of amusement. On Jlonday night Jlr. J. F. Cathcart's dramatic and musical entertainment will take place at the Unll fnvn nttil flvn fot-A ! Tin mi »W»mri f»M t". that besides Jlr. C'atbcart the talented Carnndini company will take part in the programme should be sufficient to ensure a liberal patronage. Lost night a number of the Theatre Royal com pany, rendered idle by the production of " Pina fore'," left by the steamer Elaniang to join Jlr. Lazar's dramatic compam-, now playing at Bris bane. 