RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION in DENOMI NATIONAL and in PUBLIC SCHOOLS. VII.-CHRIST'S CHURCH SCHOOL. At Christ's Church School the proceedings of the day were begun by the whole school together chanting the 11th Psalm, the head master playing the music upon a harmonium. Then were said these prayers, after the manner of the Church of England Service, the master leading and the children following - " Grant, we beseech Thee, Almighty God, that, like as we do believe Thine only begotten Son our Lord Jesus Christ to have ascended into the Heavens, so we may also in heart and mind thither ascend, and, with him, continually dwell, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end Amen." "O, Almighty God, whom truly to know is everlasting life, grant us perfectly to know Thy Son Jesus Christ to be the Way, the Truth, and the Life, that following the steps of Thy holy Apostles, we may steadfastly walk in the way that leadeth to eternal life, through the same, Thy Son, Jesus Christ our Lord Amen." "Our Father, &c.;" "Tho Grace of our Lord, &c.;" There is a distinct service of prayer for every day of the week, both morning and evening. The order of morning prayer for the day the school was visited is here given .That for the afternoon, at the dismissal of the school, we transcribe as follows - "Lord, we beseech Thee grant us, Thy servants, grace to withstand the temptations of the world, the flesh and the devil and with pure hearts and minds to follow Thee, the only God, through Jesus Christ our Lord Amen " "Now unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, to Him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen." The prayers having been said, the fourth class was taken into a class-room for religious instruction, and the rest of the school commenced the routine of ordinary duty. Religious instruction is given to each class separately, and on different days in the week. The days for the third and fourth class are Monday and Thursday, while Wednesday is the day for the first and second classes. On the morning of which we are speaking the fourth class was examined in a chapter of a little book, entitled "The Faith and Duty of a Christian," being chiefly selections from the Christian Institutes of Bishop Gastrell. We give the chapter, which is arranged in the form of question and answer. It is headed " Candour, Truth, and Edification." "Q. Ought we to guard against rash judgment?-A. Judge not that ye be not judged. Why dost thou judge thy brother?-or why dost thou set at nought thy brother?-for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. So then every one of us shall give an account of himself to God. "Q. Are lying lips an abomination to the Lord ?-A Lying lips are abomination to the Lord. Putting away lying speak every man truth with his neighbour. All liars shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone. "Q. What ought we to endeavour always to observe? A. To have always a clear conscience void of offence toward God and toward men. "Q. Ought we to endeavour to edify our neighbour? A. He that converteth a sinner from the error of his way, shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins. "Q. In what precept are all these duties comprised ? \- A. Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thy self." The children, who were expected to have got all this by heart, were examined upon it, each one in turn, the questions being put promiscuously. When the master had sufficiently questioned the children, a short Psalm was chanted, and a part of the 3rd chapter of the Gospel according to St Matthew, from the 1st to the 23rd verse was read, each scholar taking a verse. In this way the twenty three veises were read three times over. Then the children were examined upon what they had read. It wss the Parable of the Sower, and the questions were put in such a manner is to make the children reflect upon the meaning and appli- cation of the parable. The children were remarkably apt in replying to the queries, and showed that they had a clear and intelligent appreciation of the lesson. We have omitted to mention that the boys and girls are both in the one school. The average attendance is about 150. The infant school is in a separate build- ing. The average attendance there is about 160\. The course puisued in giving religious instruction to the infants is to tell them some Bible story, such as the story of Samuel or of Joseph. On two days in the week the Lord's Prayer, the Creed, the Commandments, and the catechism, one or more at a lesson, are explained to them. On these special days the children are also taught to sing hymns. Each day before going out for lunch they are made to say a grace before meat, and on their return to say a grace after meat. A hymn is sung and the Lord's Prayer is said at the opening and closing of the infant school every day. 