The Art of Giving Dinners. Since there is no form of offering hospitality so generally acceptable in the abstract as inviting one's friends to dinner, it seems somewhat atrange that the art of giving dinners is not more universally under stood in England than it is. It may bo paid of the proper and cordial performance of this social function that it is, as I'orna says ot mercy, twice DiesBea, it blesscth him that gives and him that takes. ' ' In the lowest as in the highest states of civilisation, asking one's fellow-creatures to join us in a meal is still, as it has ever been, tbe most direct, unmistakable, practical, and acceptable display of regard which man can make to man. To invite our friends to break bread with us, to partake of our salt, to put their leg-a undor our own mahogany, or to bog them, in whatever fashion the oustom of the time or circum stance suggests, to cat with ns at our expense, is, I repeat, the most expressive form which hospitality can take. Yet wlien it is pnrrounded with the con ventional etiquette of modern civilised life, and m ac companied with »11 the ceremony incidental to polished manners, and when tho honour ot your friend's ' company at dinner' is requosted on o gold edged shoot of note paper or card three weeks before the date of the festival, bofr very often doos tho wholo 'business become a pain anfl a sorrow to all concerned. It is not my piirpose in this place to describe elaborately the misery inflicted upon suffering humanity by dinner-giving when the process is unaccompanied by any art. We all know it too well, wo have all sufferod too much from it, to require any empliasis to bo laid upon it here. The great question for the lady of the house to consider when she enters nn Win Tinrilnnia nrnppss of ilinnpi* mrinir \rhnther on a large or a small scale, should be, how she can avoid falling into errors which sVo iB quite keen enough to observe on the part of others, and quite experienced enough to have Buffered froin in her own person. She must, is a word, consider how she can avoid tho temptation of attempting to do what her means and the general plant ot her establishment render it im possible for nor to do succeEsf ully. She must remem ber that, if the spirit of 'harmonious sociability' among her guests be not present at her board, no matter how cxocllent the meal in itseli may be, it will become more -or lees a dull affair, and a pain and punishmont to everybody concerned. Tho larger the number of her party, the greater tho chances of this brightening and indispensable element being absent, and the greater the need, therefore, for the display of art. It is insisted on over and over again, by thoso who give and by thoso who roceive dinners, that email parties are always pleasanter than large, and there is no doubt of this being a fact. At the samo time, great art is equally indispensable in giving u, small dinner party it we would ensure its going off successfully ; ana, as large ones are sometimes un avoidable, it is quite certain that the art onght to be cultivated by every housewife. I say large dinner parties are sometimes Tmnvoidable — that is, the oc casional Btato banquet, which high functionaries are compelled in virtue of their office to give, is some times unavoidable ; and tho professional man now and then is obliged to giro a professional dinner — bnt in private life the dining of 18 to 25 people at a time ie no more a necessity than dining 120 at a time is. Tho hostess urges that it is more economical to pay back the dinner debt she owes en masse than to give a suc cession of smaller parties — more economical in time and money, sho will say ; and that one evening- only, instead of three or four, need be R-iven up to this liquidation of obligation. Now it is this very cir cumstance, I insist, which invosts the large dinner party with suoh terrors for tbe bidder and the bidden. To speak of economy — that is, of the saving of two or three ponnds — is simply absurd among people who can afford to give large dinner parties at all ; whilst to speak of desiring to 'g«t through' with your friends on one evening is as much as to say, to my thinking, that your friends are bores, and that the leas yuu sue ui tuuoi vuv vu&ter.; it us an outrage on the mere name of hospitality— a mere sham and shameless protext for assuming, or rather for trying to make a display of a virtue wbich we lmv« not. Ye society continues to ordain that this shall be the system upon which -ona of its moBt important phases shall be carried on; and, like many another of its edicts, is entirely destructive of good art. Lot, there fore, tho lady of a house who has tho 'courage of that opinion which, secretly, her own kindly nature dic tates, set her face against tliis hollow mockery of the true spirit, this ghoat of a ghost of hospitality, and never, oxcept under extreme pressure, allow more than 10 persons in all to sit down to her dining table at a time. Even in establishments tho capabilities of which are equal to deal with large numbers at the festive board, it is a mistake to go beyond 10 ; but whore tho usual resouroes of «, house aro not of them selves, without help from outBide, able to feaBt more, at the most, than four or eii, it is tho sheerest folly to attempt to entertain a greater number. Where the ' plant' of cuisine, service, -fec, is limited, it iB quite fatal to attempt to expand it for a special oc casion ccce in six months with any hope of the dinner party laying claim to be givon with art — that is to say, with perfect satisfaction and freedom from anxiety on the part of the hosts, and freedom from dreariness and dissatisfaction on the part of the guests. For a moment let us see what Mr,| inthony Trollope (no con temptible judge of sooial life) Bays on this subject in that admirable novel of his, 'The Small House at AUington' ' : ' There are houses whioh , in their cvory day course, aro not conducted by any means in a sad or unsatisfactory manner, in which life, as a rule, rans -along merrily enough; bnt which cannot give a dinrier party, or, I might say,, should never allow themselves to bo allured into tho attempt. The owners ot such houses are generally themselves quite aware of the fact, and dread the dinner which they resolve to give quite aB much as it is dreaded by thoir friends. They know that they prepare for their gnests an evening of misery, and for themselves cer tain long hours of purgatory, which aro hardly to be endured; but they -will do it. Why that long table, and all those supernumerary glasses and knives ant forks, if they are never to.be nsedP That argument produces all this misery— that, and others cognate to it.' No, the fundamental principle of good art in dinner-giving iB eimply this : We should never attempt to do more in the way of this sort of festivity than can be met by a gontle expansion of our daily re sources of kitchen and service, &c.; If a table be always properly Berved when none but the family aro present— that is to say, if every attention bo paid to cookory, waiting, and the appointments of the table, that good taste and refinement demand— the addition of two or threo. friends tothe social board. even u sudden and unexpected, neither should nor will put the establishment out in the least degree. Bat if a mistress doos not insist on having everything done every day with just as much care as if hah! a dozen strangers wero present ; if she allows the parlour maid or footman to perform the duties of waiting in a perfunctory or slovenly fashion; if the able be not properly laid, and scrupulously attended to in all details— then she may be quite sure that she is not on the right way towards becoming a 'past mistress ' in the art of dinner giving. On tho other hand, let her keep at all tunes every thing and everybody up to the proper pitoh of polish and care, and, if she does not rush into the wild extravagance of large parties, ehe may rest assured that her small ones are in a fair way to become pro verbial, for their excellence. She' will only have to extend the art which she so far displays to a wise combination (for their social qualities) of the friends whom she invites to meet each other, and she is certain of success. This latter point of ' Dinner Companions' I havo already touched upon in these columns, so that I need not re capitulate it now; and in. conclusion I will uio&oij;' thuu utnu tut *? uOiVv UUcu BttiYXtlK 'cv* refers, as it were, to the sooial and not the techni cal side of the art of dinner-giving-. I have purposely avoided any referenoo to the selection of dishes or to cookory, because that is so often ably treated, and is a matter of snoh vast dimensions, that it would be quite impossible to combine it with my Bide of the subject. - But this I do say, that no cookery, however excellent, no dishes, however succulent, will of them selves neooisarily constitute an artistic dinner, where as tho reverse is .often the case. The Bunplcstviands served nicely and in proper sequence, without pre tension or display, with the simplest table appurten ances—nay., even served with an air of frngalaustority — may become artistic in their combination, and help to elevate the meal to the dignified position of a work of art. If the guiding principlo b» one that secures the host or hostess from anxiety as to the way in which the entertainment ii going oft — if everything 'hat is wanted be at hand, and bos not to -e sought and waited for when wasted — hen by so far as this is the naao thn nnorcan Jay claim to being considered artistic. If the guests are made to feel that they are in no wise disturbing the general arrangements of the iouse,andare not creating any distress whatever by ihoir presence — in Bhort, if they bo made to feel at lome and comfortable — we may be quite sure that the purveyor of the feast, however frugal the fare, possesses again, as far as it goes, the art of dinner giving. Good cookery alone is no proof of thiB, tnoujrh of ' dpdrse it is an enormous adjnnot in the Oomplote eoonomy of the art ; bnt there nmst also be less easily definable dements pervading tho dining pom,be{ore jhg olaim tojjw£-j(-t WtiuJ^o natter «u. , 