LITERATURE The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXI. "MAGGIE'S SECRET." BY "DRAMINGO." PROCRASTINATION is the ruin of a man, or magpie either; now I've been putting off the continuation of this veracious history in the whirl of events that have been chasing one another lately, until I really hardly know where to pick up the thread of my narrative again. It is twelve months or more since that bazaar, and the chances and changes of this mortal life have been something wonderful in that time ; they have quite upset all my calculations, and rendered me a sadder and a wiser bird. The event of the times is that Bloomington has became a benedict; two months ago you might have seen an announcement in the morning paper " Bloomington—Dunwick ;" if you didn't see it, I did, and that's enough to establish the fact I hope. The Bouncer's opinion of Mrs. Bloom ington is that she is the most charming and delight ful woman she ever met; but Agatha always does gush over a new acquaintance, so that's nothing. My opinion of Mrs. Bloomington is that she's about as handsome a woman as I ever saw, and I wouldn't peck her for a king's ransom; for she'd just watch her opportunity and wring my neck if I did, with about as much compunction as I'd feel at killing a beetle. Bloomington has become quite a shining light in politics lately. I always thought he was emi nently adapted for a Queensland legislator, and he has borne out my surmise. He belongs to the Great Liberal party. I have but a vague idea what that is, but believe it to be the party that brags the most; but then it's hard to say which side does that. At any rate Bloomington antici pates being Minister for Lands or something of that sort, if they succeed in turning the Govern ment out; - which they intend to attempt shortly; meanwhile, from what I hear, Mrs. Bloomington has created rather a sensation in the polite circles of Brisbane society. She fairly took the town by storm. She's actually made Bloomington tole rated for her sake. I heard her discussed by a full conclave the other afternoon; all women, of course; and she was damned, sir! damned beyond redemption ; as old Mayor Singleton used to say to Jack up on the station when they got into a fierce argument about something. Not one of them said a word aotually against her, but Lord! what did they not insinuate ! The Montforlat girls took it up first, and were fol lowed by Mrs. Duncraigie, who gave it as her opinion that Mrs. Dunwiok was wonderfully pre sentable considering how little she must know of the beau monde, as she neatly put it. The ghost of an amused smile crept over Clara's face. Mrs. Duncraigie, nee Miss Potts, was a barmaid on a flourishing diggings township when she con quered the susceptible heart of the gallant Dun craigie ; but, my dear boy, we're not supposed to know that; you believe in my little fiction, and I'll accept yours ; let us be select or perish. "What or who was she?" said Esmeralda Jones ; " there are so many stories about her." "Well," returned Mrs. Duncraigie, "her father was a shepherd on one of Mr. Bloomington's stations, and he fell in love with her and married her." Apparently this sounded as though Mrs. Bloomington's father had fallen in love with and married his daughter ; but Mrs. Duncraigie was above such little considerations as involved sen tences. " I don't think that he was a shepherd," said Clara mildly. " O, but I assure you he was ; I have it on the very best authority." "But Sedgemoor is a cattle station ; and as a rule they don't employ shepherds on a cattle station," suggested my little mistress sweetly. " I don't know anything about that," retorted the member of the beau monde, " but I know that he was what I say." "I heard that she was a barmaid at Cook town," said Esmeralda Jones with sublime un consciousness, or apparently so. " Well," remarked Clara; "as an intimate in fact one of my brother's best friends owns the next station to Sedgemoor, and knew Mrs. Bloomington when she was Miss Dunwick, per haps I may be pardoned for trying to put you right. Mr. Dunwick was managing the station for bis brother, who was Mr. Bloomington's partner. He and his daughter came here from South America, where he had been ruined over a silver mine, in which he had invested all his money. To judge from manner and appearance I should say that Mrs. Bloomington had a more Intimate acquaintance with the beau monde than any of us here." I could have patted my little girl on the back for this speech ; I knew she had forty good reasons for not liking Mrs. Bloomington, and only one in her favor-—that one being the fact of her having married Bloomington ; but she felt that she had to take her part, and did it accord ingly, like the little brick she always is. I knew there would be some hard- hitting directly, and waited chuckling. " Tea," said Mrs. Duncraigie ; " I admit that she is good-looking, and dresses well, but there's a something, an absence of haut ton -" " Of what ?" said Clara gently but distinctly, at which Esmeralda Jones sniggered audibly. Mrs. Duncraigie got very red, and looked at Clara as though she would like to—to kiss her ; but she felt that her reputation was at stake, and went at it boldly again :" Of haut ton; a want of—well not exactly refinement but a sort of je ne sais quoi." She hurled this last phrase defiantly at Clara ; but my little girl was never ungenerous, and said nothing. " Her manner has not that repose that stamps the class of Vere de Vere;" remarked the Bouncer, who had been very quiet, considering her dear friend was under discussion. " I think it has, to a marked extent; but sup pose we spare her for a while." " I'm sure nobody's said nothing against her," said Mrs. Duncraigie losing her temper and her grammar at the same time. " But I must say for a married woman that she lays herself out for admiration a good deal," put in the Montforlat spitefully. "So would we if we had the same good reason," returned Clara calmly. " Speak for yourself, Clara," said Agatha in dignantly. "So I do; I like being admired, and should be glad to get as much admiration and attention as Mrs. Bloomington gets ; but as I'm not so good looking I have to put up with a smaller portion : of course nobody here cares anything for it" " I think it's all very well for a young girl; but married women should dispense with it," said Mrs. Duncraigie, who from her appearance was one of many, supplied by contract, and had probably had to dispense with admiration for some time, and assumed airs on the strength of it. "A good many do," remarked Clara, apparently to me, in a stage aside. " But," went on the stickler for the proprieties, who was only half civilised and apt to lose her temper, " I can't see anything about that Mrs. Bloomington to make a fuss about; she's got a bit of a color certainly, but one of her eyebrows is all crooked. " But she's got beautiful hands; so well shaped," said Esmeralda Jones, who had col loquially speaking a down on the last speaker, whose hands were built on a large and useful pattern. " And they're never prominent; she doesn't appear to find them in the way at all," added Clara in a tone of exaggerated sweetness. Mrs. Duncraigie glared fiercely, and took her hands out of her lap where they had been com fortahly reposing in a manner that certainly drew attention to them ; but she was not going to be beaten. "Well I'm glad you told us all about her, for after the stories I'd heard I scarcely knew whether to call or not. You see Mr. Duncraigie's very particular about whom I know; he's peculiar in his tastes." ''Ah I so I should think," returned Clara; with a scarcely perceptible glance at her opponent from under her long eyelashes that sent the rejoinder home. "Not going, are you!" and the women shook hands fondly, as if nothing spiteful had passed, and one of them at least did not long to fall on the other and rend her. I think Clara's the most unpopular girl in Brisbane : she's got one friend, Mrs. Mortmain, who shares her unpopularity, and I am afraid urges her on in such little encounters as the late one. Now the Bouncer's got scores of friends; she's voted a jolly girl, and no nonsense about her, by all the young fellows, and is decidedly a favorite ; and yet one of Clara's little fingers, or Mrs. Mortmain's either, is worth six Agathas ; so much for the appreciation of you men and women! I've got to like Mrs. Mortmain very much, she's got such frank, honest, gray eyes; I'm always glad to see her, and behave myself properly towards her. This last year has brought a deal of changes. James has been straightened-up, as Jack terms it Jack did the straightening process ; he found out about James' augmenting his income by collecting debts for Bloomington, on commis sion, and promptly put a stop to it. Also, for some reason or other, he—Jack—and Nevil have ceased all those mysterious enquiries into Bloom ington's affairs, that seemed to interest them so. So far as I could make out, this marriage of his stayed them ; I heard Nevil say that it " wouId now be much the same," whatever that meant, and " that Providence had settled things without their interference ;" in all of which Jack, who is of an indolent disposition, quite coincided. Wickleham of course is of the past, and Agatha has had several little affairs since then. l am still in the prime of health and vigor, and able to take my own part as usual. There is, how ever, one little thing I must go back to, and that is the meeting that Blooomington arranged with Bell. I was at the rendezvous a week after the bazaar, but Bell was before me and walking up and down in an evident fit of bad temper and impatience. I felt glad I was not to have the honor of an interview. Bloomington kept her waiting about ten minutes, and she'd worked herself up into a pretty little passion by that time. "Ah ! Bell, good evening !" he said when he came, as though it was quite an accidental en counter. She muttered something sullenly in return ; it might have been either a salutation or a curse, probably it was the latter. " Let's see," said Bloomington airily, " what was the particular business you wanted to see me on ?" The girl stamped her foot "Great Heavens ! do you want me to lose the little temper I have left; how could you remember to come here if you forget what it was for I" " Well, I'll tell you what it was for: to warn you to keep your tongue quiet about me and my affairs ; to forget that you know me, or anything about me; in fact not to make a fool of yourself any more." Bell drew a long breath ; and said half aloud : " I thought as much ; go on Mr. Bloomiugton." *' Well ; I have said, remember." "0, no," his companion returned in an unnatu rally calm manner ; " you haven't told me why I should do all this." " Because if you keep quiet I'll behave hand somely to you as far as money goes ; and if you don't I'll have you run in—shopped ; you under stand that language ?" " You will ? you have the cheek to threaten me, you ;" and she broke out into a torrent of abuse and scathing invective that must have made Bloomington writhe again. Being a young person of a naturally high spirit, and not accus tomed to pick her language, her remarks on the gentleman in front of her were characterised by a strict fidelity in calling a spade a spade that put her opinion of Bloomington in an unmistak ably clear and pronounced light. "Confound you, hold your tougue or I'll make you !" he cried angrily. " How will you make me ?" She replied taunt ingly. He clenched his fist and strode a step nearer to her; but she only laughed and never flinched. "Look there, before you do anything," she said, pointing past him. Bloomington turned round hastily; some short distance off a man was standing leaning against a post, and gazhg into the river, apparently quite unconscious of the neighborhood of the pair. " So you brought a bully with you ?" Bloom ington remarked sneeringly. " It's as well I did," retorted the girl ; " why don't you do what you were threatening just now T" "You had much better listen to reason ; what harm, can you do me ?" said Bloomington chang ing his tone suddenly : " you have some yarn about your sister, which is nothing, when all's said and done, and what do you know besides?" "I thing Armstrong has got some information concerning you that you would not care about hearing." Armstrong will soon be nearly a thousand miles from here ; he's gone out to look after a station, right outside." " When did he start ! I saw him a week ago." " He started some few days ago." " And I suppose you think yourself safe now he is away." "I don't think anything of the kind; what absurd notion have you got into your head ? Armstrong had a grudge against me, or thought he had ; but I have nothing to fear from him." " I'll find out that ; I'll see him again." " Why on earth can't you listen to reason? you think I played your sister false ; but, admit ting that, I have done neither more nor less in that respect than any other man has. How can I help it now ? she left me of her own accord, and is probably very comfortable somewhere at the present moment" " 0 yes," said the girl half crying, " you are frightened of Armstrong, or why did you put me off for a week I I can see through it all; but it makes me mad that I can't prove anything," and she stamped impatiently again, which seemed a characteristic habit with her. Bloomington said nothing for a bit; then, when this emotional young party had grown calmer, he remarked that as he did not want to stand there all night he'd go home. "Better taken my advice, and drop thsse heroics ; have you not troubles of your own, without constitut ing yourself your sister's avenger?" he added. " Yes, enough and to spare ; but none like hers, a poor little girl of sixteen! nobody but such a cur as you would have injured her ; but I'll wait, and my time will come." " Well, this is getting monotonous ; if you're hard up and want some money, I'll give you some : if not—good-night!" " Well, I'll change my mind," returned Bell recklessly ; " money's sure, and revenge is not ; I'll cry quits with you if you like." " That's more like sense; do you want any now!" " Yes, if you have some with you." Bloomington drew some notes from his pocket and offered them to her. " Have you any silver, any change?" she asked, not taking the proffered notes. " You're very suspicious !" he returned, taking out some silver and handing it to the girl. She took it, stepped back a pace, and then, before he could divine her intention, threw the coins straight and hard into his face. " So much for your money !" she said, and turned hastily away. Bloomington swore a mighty oath, and put his handkerchief up to his face. I can testify to the force of the young lady's arm, for one half crown missed its mark and hit me, and I was quite satisfied with that; I should not have liked the whole handful. Bloomington went off swear ing to himself, and I followed Bell, who had joined the man who was waiting, and who turned out to be Jack. Bell had got into the weeping stage again ; and Jack was puffing at a cigar as he walked along without speaking a word. When near the place where they had had the first interview they stopped. "I suppose there's nothing more to be done," said the girl, who was still in a sniffling con dition. "Well I think you've done very well for to night," returned Jack referring to her last ex ploit. I thought so too, for I was still sore, but I did not put my word in. " And you're not going to do anything more ?" " I expect to hear from Mr. Nevil shortly and then we'll see." " Never mind," said Bell, who seemed in some danger of a relapse ; " I'll see it out myself. I'll wait, and I'll wait, but he sha'n't escape me. Why do you want to leave off now ?" " Well, I can't explain it very well, but there's a likehood of others being mixed up in it ; and so far as I am concerned he is no longer likely to cross my path, so I have no reason for finding out any delinquencies he may have committed." " Leave it to me, then ; I won't give it up, though you do throw me over." " Nobody contemplates such a performance, my dear girL I believe you are acting honestly and properly according to your ideas, and either Mr. Nevil or I will always be ready to help you ; but you must see that we can't take Bloomington to task for that little affair of your sister ; it would be utterly absurd, and we should be properly laughed at. We had a motive which at present we let drop, circumstances having altered. Now dry your eyes," said Jack patting her cheek in a fatherly manner, for he's a very soft-hearted fellow is Jack, " and sleep on your grievance." " Goud-night" returned Bell ; don't take any notice of what I say ; but I was very fond of my young sister, and I lose my temper when I talk of it; we were quite alone in the world, and— and I was trying to keep straight, and would have, only for him," and putting up her hand kerchief again the girl hurried away, and Jack turned townward. And this was twelve months ago, and I've not seen the young damsel since, nor—after the energetic and reckless way she throws money about—do I particularly want to. Nevil's been down several times since during the year ; but he's not at all the man he used to be ; Jack and I are the only ones out of the lot who are unaltered. Well, I must go and have my afternoon nap, so au revoir, as Mrs. Dun craigie would say. Chapter XXII. —Let us know Our indiscretion sometimes serves us well When our deep plots do pall; and that should teach us There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough hew them how we wilL The dust lies thick under the group of iron bark trees that form the main camp on Rivers dale. A few cattle are standing about, leisurely ruminating ; grazing dreamily in front of them as they monotonously move their jaws. All around, the peace and quiet of the Queensland bush. The drowsy hum of the locusts, and the occa sional stamp of a beast tormented by a fly, alone break the stillness. By-and-by a far off whip rouses the attention of the quadrupeds standing on the camp; and a cloud of dust in the distance betokens the advent of some new comer. They soon come in sight, following one of the many tracks leading on to the camp ; the steers first, trotting on ahead with an occasional kick and half-buck, greeting the present possessors of the camp with uproarious bellowings; then the mothers of families in trouble about their youngest offspring, who are getting fagged, and not keeping up ; and then the patriarchs of the herd, lumbering heavily in the rear. The men turn off to the shadiest tree as the cattle string on to the camp ; throwing themselves down on the grass, they indulge in reminiscences of the morning's work ; wondering what had be come of missing beasts, and abusing or praising their horses, as the case might be. Soon whip cracking and bellowing from the opposite direc tion betokens the arrival of more cattle. An old bull on the camp locally known as " Father Abraham " evinced symptoms of defiance to the world in general, pawing up the dust and coating it contemptuously upon himself and any other beast standing near. Then the newcomers come in sight, in the same order as the first mob. Father Abraham lets them on to the camp un noticed, save by a sidelong scowl; he is listening to a hoarse note of war that is being breathed in the rear—listening with bloodshot eyes and swell ing stiffening neck. It comes nearer, as the last stragglers run on camp ; and " Long Tom," the lord of another camp, dropping his warlike mutterings, and assuming an air of dignify un consciousness befitting one who is in an enemy's country, marches in. Looking anywhere but at one another the two rivals approach, heads down, every muscle braced for the enevitable tussle; but looking as magnificently unaware of each other as two men—dead cute—could. Nearer and nearer they draw, sidling up, keenly on the alert; till suddenly with a swift spring you would have scarcely given such unwieldy beasts credit for they are battlingly fiercely together, forehead to forehead, and horns clowning and grinding. Backwards and forwards ; stamping and strain ing, every sinew brought to bear, every force ex erted, they go up and down the camp. Now Long Tom gains a slight advantage, and drives Father Abraham against a sapling, bringing it to the earth with their united weight; but the patriarch recovers himself, and in turn forces his adversary back ; and a cloud of white dust obscures the combatants for a while. A few bullocks dance wildly around with their tongues lolling out, trumpeting in an absurd and idiotic manner ; then out of the thick dust-reek come the two gladiators, and Father Abraham is slowly and surely driving the intruder back. You can see the quivering muscles at their utmost tension as the beaten one finds himself unable to make a stand ; step by step, ever so surely, he has to go, the pace increasing until at last at the verge of the camp he has to decide between flight and being overborne. He turns, and in an instant Father Abraham's homs are in his flank, and the two are careering at a lumbering gullop across the flat. " Now then," cries Nevil sharply, " fetch that bull back some of you ; do you mean to let him go!" A black-boy who had been watching the fight, an absorbed spectator, starts into preternatural activity and a hard gallop at these words ; and one of the stockmen reclining under the aforesaid shady tree opines that the boss has got out of the wrong side of the bed that morning. Nevil indeed does not seem altogether contented with himself, and things in general; any beast that comes under his whip when drafting finds it out to its cost. So soon as all the cattle are drafted, he beckons to Dick Grattan, and the two ride homeward, leaving the cattle to be driven slowly afterwards. Nevil says but little as they ride on, and Grattan, who is an observant youth in his way and greatly attached to him, notes his humor and forbears to bore him with remarks. The track they follow takes them along the bank of the river, and pleasant little glimpses of wood and water meet them at every turn. The giant tea trees, laving their long tendrils in tho water, are filled with parrots, and a noisy souud of chatter ing and scolding rises from amidst their dense foliage. There is a calm quiet dreamy look about the scene ; the water sleeping unrippled alongside ; the white sand ; the tall river gums rearing their heads aloft above the other timber, not a breeze stirring their narrow neutral-tinted leaves ; the absence of all life but the gaudy blue-mountain parrots, fluttering about and dart ing their little tufted tongues into the blossoms on the tea-trees, make one think of a land " where it was always in the afternoon." Nevil has seen it often, but he gazes at the scene now with a strong feeling of relief invading and sub duing the evil spirit in his breast. " I think I shall go out West again, Dick ;" "he says after a pause and a glance at the blue shining water. " I thought you promised me that trip!" says his companion with a half smile. " Well, we'll both go, and let old Blount come in and look after this plaoe." "How would he like that ?" says Dick "he's never happy, but when he's hundreds of miles away from everybody ; books, horses, and dogs are the only fit companions for a man, he says." " I wish I had stopped out there, and let him come in ; but the past is the past, aud we can't alter it" " I don't see how we would do any good if we could; we should probably alter it for the worse." " Probably, Dick ; but, one can't get into much mischief out West." Dick, who has a half idea what mischief Nevil has got into, refrains from replying directly, and changes the subject " The mailman came be fore I left this morning : he said that a man came up in the steamer going out to look after that country of Kellet's next to yours." "Did he mention his name ?' " Armstrong." "Hum ! wonder whether it's the same?" " Same what ?" " Nothing, Dick ; I waa only thinking aloud. Any letters ?" " I didn't open the bag, but there doesn't seem much of a mail." " Let's canter on, and see what's going on in the world ;" and another quarter of an hour saw them pull up at the station. " We'd better leave our horses tied up, to give them a hand to yard the cattle when they come." " Yes," returned Nevil. Sing out for some lunch before you come in." The mail bag was lying on tho table of the little sitting-room, which though somewhat rough was rather a model. It was only a slab house, but the presence of nothing in the room but what was good and simple compensated for the want of paint and paper. No cheap prints were pasted up on the walls, no attempts at dingy curtains and shabby ornaments. Guns and pistols on the slabs, and a few good photo graphs in Oxford frames; opossum rugs tossed on the two settees, and dog-skins here and there in lieu of mats under foot. There was an air of rough refinement, so to speak, about the place. Nevil broke the seal and cut the string of the bag ; then tumbled the contents on the table. " Two for you, and three for me, Dick," he said sorting the letters; and, sitting down, pro ceeded to open them. One was in a woman's hand, and he left that till last; the first one after reading he tossed over to Grattan, whose letters had consisted of two bills. The next Nevil put in his pocket when perused ; the third he turned over and over and seemed half inclined to tear up unopened. At last he mustered courage and tore the envelope. It was a closely written sheet, and bore no signature; but Nevil did not need that to tell the writer ; it was not the first he had received, by a good many, in the same hand. He tore it up and applied a match to the frag ments, moodily watching them burn. " Blount writes in good spirits," said Grattan breaking in on his reverie, and referring to the letter Nevil had given him to read. "Yes," returned the other half dreamily, " very good; wish mine were the same." " Do you really mean to go out there ?" " Don't know I'm sure; don't know what I shall do." Grattan saw that his companion was put out, and remained silent until their mid-day meal was brought in. That finished, and an after-dinner pipe discussed, the sound of a whip betokened the advent of the cattle. "Go on, Dick ; don't wait for me, I will catch you up," said Nevil. Grattan went, joined the cattle, and helped to yard them; but Nevil was still sitting in the same position whon he returned, staring absently at the blackened bits of paper in tho empty fireplace. He roused himself wwhen Grattan entered, and said, "Toss up for me, Dick" " Do what ?" asked the other. "Toss up a coin ; I can't settle a question I am debating in my own mind, so intend leaving it to chance." Dick smiled and after some search found a shilling. " If I win I'll go to Brisbane, if you win we'll go West; up with it, Dick ! said Nevil with a careless laugh and a strange look in his eyes. " Head !" he said as the coin spun up in the air. "It is !" returned Grattan stooping to look at the oracle. " You've won !" "I've lost, I think," said his friend. "But never mind : it was care killed a cat, wasn't it, Dick?" [TO BE CONTINUED] The Ipswich Observer publUhe-j the following curious aud interesting piece of news, which, we presume, ia extracted from some Euglish paper : -"Whea the present Pope was a cardinal, he chorished the idea of publishing a graud Catholic journal—an organ for hia Church which could be read by all the people of Europe and America in their mother languages. Since hia elevation to the Pontificate, Loo XIII. has exerted himself diligently to put his ideas of a great newspaper into practice. He has succeoied so far as to authorise the announcement that ita first num ber will be issued shortly. It will be printed in seven different languagea ; will discuss oil the political and oconomic;il u» of the day, and elh'ciilly represent the opinion* <>f tlir H-ily See. The compositors are to \k> thii dtif :w dumb boys educated in one of the asylums of the Church in Kome. Aliinoude wil! bo r\ c go:if.i,il superintendent. The Pope ia auxiutu tb.i', .t car dinal should be nt tho hoa-J of ttie c(ht->riil de partment; he otft-red th;\t position to Cardinal Nina, who doolinfd it. Tho novel piper will start with 42,000 suOHcril^rs ; very inw of thU number are Italians. Once fairly under wny, tho grand Catholic or,»an is likoly t-> commond itself to futuro Pop«e, aud becouio a permanent power »tuuog the newspapers ia the Old World." 