BANK FRA UDS AND FAILURES. Paper-making has been so shamefully smitten by "City" frauds, that one now reads with renewed interest of such a trade just a century since having engaged for a time the attention of a banking firm so famous in Scotland as Sir William Forbes & Co. The Btory is told by Sir William himself, in a memoir addressed to bis eldest son, and printed for circulation ahout 20 years since by Dr. Robert Chambers, Edinburgh. The banker mentions tha incident to illustrate a principle which he held to bo of the utmost importance, but muoh neglected of late, to the sad experience of many-viz., that when s pereon is in possession of a natural and valuable branch of business, ho ought never to allow his timo or attention to bo diverted to the prosecution of objeota which he did not understand, and wbiob. were foreign to his own proper line of trade. At the suggestion of partners otbor than himself but, for whoso position in tho house Sir William felt himself in the highest degree responsible, the banking firm of Forbes and Co. became involved with the concerns of a Mr. Fraser, who had been manager of a small paper mill belonging to Adrian Watkins, then holding the office of King's printer and stationer for Scotland. Ground was fued on the Esk near Lasswade, a stream still famous in tho history of the paper trade j extensive buildings were put up, and things for a year or two went on merrily, as things generally do in the early stages of overtrading. The end waa reached in due time, and in its own unfailing way. The bankruptcy of Arbuthnot and Guthrie, ia the great commercial crash of 1772, put an end to the concern, and left the entire loss on tbo Edinburgh banking firm of Forbes and Co. Furt of the paper whioh lay on hand till the American war was consigned to New York, from whenco account sales were received, accompanied, as Sir William drily remarks, with comments sufficiently de- scriptive of the quality of tbeir inaiiufaoture. Printers of newspapers, ho wroto, bought some of it, because they could not find any of a bettor quality ; apothecaries bought tbe rest becauso they could not find anything that was worse. The year 1772 was long remembered iu Scotland for the numerous bankruptcies which took place in the course of the summer. Extensivo speculations had been entered into by Edinburgh and Glasgow houses for the purchase or cultivation of lands in the newly-acquired West India Islands, and a rage at the Baue time began to take placo for building largor and more extensive residences than formerly, this in turn leading naturally to more expensive establishments iu the way of furniture, servants, and equipages. To support all this, recourse was had to a ruinous modo of raising money by a chain of bills io London ; and when the established banks declined to continue a system of which they had begun to bo suspicious tho Bank of Douglas, Heron and Co., commonly known as the "Ayr Bank," was set on foot. The fictitious paper in tbe circle betweon Loudon and the north thereafter rose higher than ever, and indeed was falling into dis- reputo in 'Chango Alloy, when a seriouB check was given to the business by the failure of the London banking-house of Neale, James, For dyce, and Downe. So great, indeed, became the alarm in the metropolis that a " rua" was mado on the comparatively stong houses of Drummond and Coutts, no way engaged with the chain of circula- tion from Scotland. The nowa of Fordyce's failure was brought to Edinburgh on the afternoon of Friday, 12th June, by a person who had posted from London in 43 hours. The "Ayr Bank" was amongst the first, and it certainly was tho most extensive, co-partnery to succumb. It had been set up by Douglas, Heron, & Co. in 1700, with a nominal capital of £96,000, aubacribed by about 140 .people, all alike ignorant of banking busi- ness. The head office was at Ayr-henoe the name so mournfully associated with the commercial history of Scotland. The shares were .£500, no partner to hold more than four. Charles, Duke of Queens berry, and Henry, Duke of Bucoleuob, were among those who became "mutually, reciprocally, and respectively bound to one another, and subjeot ourselves, our shares, and interest in the stock of tbe said copartnery to the articles and condition," twenty-three in number, drawn up for working the concern. Whon the London crash came, Douglas, Heron and Co. had £400,000 of bills in circulation, with liabilities iu notos to nearly an equal amount, the two together making what was at that time a largo sum for so poor a country as Scotland. A " run" at onco took placo on the Ayr Bank, and in a few days it was found necessary to suspend payment in specie, and to pro Çoso ¡ñatead that their notos should carry interest, hen happened, stop by step, a scries of occurrences wonderfully akin to what took place with the West- ern Bank eighty-live years later. There vvoro meet- ings of well meaning but ignorant gontlemou to expreas confidence in the Bank, and to oder to con- tinuo taking its notes. Leading shareholders went to the Bank of England to ask assistance, precisely sa the Wcatern directors went to tbo Edinburgh Banks ; but the Bank of Eoglaud, having already Douglas, Heron and CO.'B notes to tbo extent of £150,000, was indisposod to trust them any furthor. Thero was «burst of indignation from tho embarrassed bank and its friends aguinat the Bank of England, without a ward of acknowledgment of the great eins of the embarrassed bank itself, or of the justice of tho punishment it was suffering. This lasted till, iu the course of a few months, it was discovered that thoro was a hopeless gulf to bo filled up ; and Douglas, Horon and Co. closed business a little after the end of their third yoar, leaving an amount of destruction in their wake auch ns Scotland had not experienced since the wreck of tbo Dariou Expedi- tion. It waa said that a largo proportion of tho land of the county of Ayr changed bauds in conse quonce, For tho remainder of their lives, its share- holders were never dono with paying ; and it was told that families, in soma instances, did not got their accounts satisfactorily closed till somo timo after the passing of tbo Reform Act, at tho distance of upwards of sixty years from tbo calamity. Before passing to somo moro rccont cases of com- mercial disaBters affeotiug Banks, somo mention may bo made of the famous case of Henry Faunt- leroy, a banker in partnership with Marah, Tracy, and Co., London, tried at tho Old Bniloy in Ootobor, 1824, found guilty, aud afterwards executed for offencea now treated with compatativo leniency, if not altogether condoned. The preciso charges upon which Fauntleroy took his placo at tho bar was that he had in the first instance forged a certain docd to defraud Frances Young of £5,000 stock, and Becoud that bo had iu connection therewith forgod a power of attorney with inteut to dofraud the Bauk of England. Tho case excitod groat.iutoreat from tho mpcctablo position hitherto occupied by tho delinquent, combined with tbo enormous amount of tbo eutiro series of forgories known to have boen committod-about a quarter of a million sterling. In 1815 Frances Young, of Chichester, a lady customer of Marsh's Bank, lodged in tboir handB a power of attorney to receive the dividends on £5150 3 per cent, consola. That potter did not authorise them to sell. Tho dividends were regularly rocoived, but in Juno of 1815 application was made to tho bank to sell £5000 of tho sum on a power of attorney, purporting to have been granted in favor of Fauntleroy. This was presented aud operated upou by him at tho Bauk of England. At his room in Burners-street the following document in tho bund writing of tho prisoner was found in a private box :-" Do la Blachc, £11,150 6/4 consola; Eli/ibuth Young, £5000 consola ; Gunei al Young, £(1000 consols ; Francos Young, £3000 consols ; John Kerry, £0000 consols ¡ Lady Nelson, £11,595 consols ; Mrs. Pel- ham, £20,000 4 per cents. ; tho Earl of OaBory, £7000 4 per cents. ; John Botvor, £0500 4 por cents. ; M. C. Parkin, £4000 console ; Lord Aboyuo, £61,510 COIIBOIS ; E. Fauntleroy, £3050 5 per cents. ; Petor Mooro and John Hush. £21,500 consols," making altogether a total of about £170,000, Tho whole of this dooumeut was in the handwriting of tho pi iaoner, ns was also tho following memorandum :-"lu order to keep up the oredit of our house, 1 havo forgod powers of »ttorney for the abovo sums, without tho know- ledge of any ouo of my partners-7th May, 1810. Henry Fauntleroy." A little bolow was nddod " I have regularly placed tho dividonds to all '.hoir acoounta respectively, but I havo novar posted them. P.S.-Tho bank bogan first to refuse our accep- tance, and theroby to dostroy our orodit. Tboy shall, therefore, smart for it." Tho jury fouud Fauntleroy guilty of tho imputed offence, ami with BUOII sevority did the law look upon it in 1824 that, notwithstanding a moving address from the pri Boner, Justice Park eontenood bim to bo executed. Many endeavours wera made to get tho sontcnoo lessened-the Kiug oven boing approached through petition by tho WHO of tho wretched oriminal-but the extremo ponalty of tho law was nono tho less carriod out at the Old Bailey on the morning of the 30th November following the trial. - Glatgow Jlerald. A LKOACV.-" Loudon Town Talk" in tho Aryus ha» tho following i-Of tho many storios that havo como under my knowlodgo in connexion with the Glasgow Bauk tho following is tho saddest. A fow months ago a vory hard-working literary man was released, not as usual by death, from his bondage to tho pen, but by au unexpected legacy. A friend of his, who know how hard ho had to toil for many months, loft him £5,000, nil in shares in tho Clas Î;ow Bank, Tho gift, which was intended to aBBÍst lim in his poverty, lins thus absolutely proved his ruin. Poor B. (tho victim) has tho pluok of a hero, and uovor fails to havo an oyo to (literary) business, "I am thinking," hu says, "it would bo a oapital notion, ami quito original, to mnku one's commer- cial mun in a novel-forgive his enemy on his death- bed, and leave him £5000 as a proof of it-in an unlimited bank whioh he know was about to break, hat d'ye think of itV'i j MR. THOMAS SPURGEON.-The thousands of per- sons who heard this young gentleman, the son of the Rev, C.H. Spurgeon, preach (writes the S. A. Register), will be interested to hear that he arrived in London early in November, and that he has since preached two or three times in h¡B father's Metro- politan Tabernacle-a building that holds about (>,000 persons. By the last mail the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon wrote the following characteristic letter to the Rev. S. Mead, of this city, through whoso courtesy wo are enabled to publish it. The letter is dated November 2, and in it Mr. Spurgeon says, " Tom reached us yesterday at 3, His mother is botter and quite overjoyed to see him. We are all deeply grateful for his safe return. To you and to all Australian friends I tender my personal gratitude for your loving treatment of my aon. We can now never think of Australia without emotion; it seems nearer and is assuredly dearer. God bless you all with the fullness of His grace, and return into your bosoms a thousandfold the kindnesses which you have so abundantly lavished on my son. I beg you to thank all Adelaide friends. The Orphanage Funds need the help, and I am most grateful it comes from ou. May every blessing attend you. I keep on, ut I cannot say more. A little extra work upsets me and well it may for tho regular work is for too much.-I am yours most heartily, C.H. Spurgeon." PROVIDENCE AND IMPROVIDENCE.-A writer in tho Art/un reviewing the magazines writes :-The Rev. W. L, Blackley'a'essay on " National Insu- rance" as a cheap, practical, and popular means of abolishing poor rates is pregnant with matter for reflection, and is evidently the product of mature consideration. Some of his arguments in favour of compulsory providence are unanswerable, while many of his statements aro capable of being corro- borated by the personal observation and experience of every man who notes what ÍB going on around him. "Surely," ho remarks, "there should bo a power, if there bo a moans, of at least compelling every man to bear his own eharo in the burden of natural providence, instead of allowing him to cast it on the shoulders of others. When instances can be given, as I can give from my own personal know- ledge, of young labourers by the dozon without a change of decont clothes, continually and brutally drinking, and living almost like savages, while earning fully a pound a week ; or, as I can also give, of a carter boy, aged fourteen years, spending three shillings a week regularly on tobacco-it is quito timo that poor, decent, provident people should domur to being taxed for the infallible necessities of such a generation, and that the public car should at least bo open wide to hear any sug- gestions which may tend to the redress of so gross m injustice, and the blotting out of such a national lisgraco." THE RESULT OF A KELLY DREAM.-The sooner the Kellys aro arrested tho botter will it bo for the peace, happiness, and comfort of families and individuals. Camperdown is a rising place ; its bluestone buildings (writes tho correspondent of the Ballarat Star) are a credit to the town, and as a matter of course it has a bank. The manager, like ill other managers, has just now a feeling of dread ind terror of tho Kellys. He sleeps with a revolver, i five- barrelled Colt's, and after retiring to rest a "ow nights ago with the revolver at his pillow, he Ireamt a dream. Kelly, Ned of that ilk, was in the bank. He (the manager) got up, seized tho larung weapon, and stalked about majestically, and ¡ailed upon the enemy to surrender ; sworo like a 1'rojan he would let daylight into him if he did not save in. Just then ho upset a woahatand basin, ,1'liich in tho fall cut his shin. Ho awoke, and found t was all a dream. The poor man ia subject to fits )f somnambulcncy. A DRAMATIC Cnmu.-Dr. Neild, for many years Iramatio critic of the Australasian, ia nearly always n hot water. His latest affair is a squabble with Mr. Morton Tavaroa, who was the lessee of the Princess Theatre. Thoy had a long paper war, in .vhicli Dr. Neild called him a "bogus" manager n one of his contributions to tho Australasian. Mr. Favarea is now bringing an action for libel against thatpaper. Tho Melbourne correspondontof the Ben ligo Independent says the caso " is to como on in February, and will bo one of tho most amusing that we have ever had, as Bomo remarkable dis jlosurea aro bound' to be made. In regard to this, t is to bo noted that 'Tainto' has disappeared 'rom tho columns of tho Australasian, This is, liowovcr, only a ruse, for it must bo plain to every ino that if ' Tahite ' did not write lost week's iriticism, then his ghost must have boon the iuditor. [ am told on good authority that Dr. Neild is still ,he writer, though I disclaim any wiah to imputo die authorship to him if he denies he wroto it." Last Saturday's Age has a slashing loading article m Dr. Neild. A RITUALISTIC CLERGYMAN THREATENS HORSE- WHIPPING. -The Brisbane correspondent of the Argus writes :-An unpleasant little difficulty between the pastor of one of the Anglican churches, the Rev. Mr. Ioso, and his congregation furnishes just low the topic of a good deal of somi-scandaloua gossip. Mr. Close, who is about two years in the colony, is an Oxford M.A., a rather good- looking specimen of a muscular Christian, and when he came to the colony took immensely with the people of his own communion-the ladies especially, Toowong is a nice little suburban village, in the centre of a rapidly-thriving locality, and having a numerous aristocracy of professional men, civil servants, and snug shopkeepers with aspirations for a higher sphere. The rectorship of Toowong Church was humbly laid at the feet of the Rev. Mr. Close, graciously accepted by him, and the select and pious society of Toowong felt elevated to the third heaven, and were the envy of other congregations. All went well for a time, but certain lynx-eyed gentlemen detected him introducing ritualistic in- novations ; he did certain things without consult- ing the churchwardens, and refused to undo them. His stipend ceased to be paid, and he seized the offertory. The churchwardens appealed to the bishop, who said the stipend ought to be paid, and declined to order the offertory to be refunded, but pointed out that the churchwardens might seek remedy in the Supreme Court. This blissful state of affairs culminated a few evenings ago in a meet- ing of the parishioners, at which the rector did not appear, but to which he sent a cartel of defiance, delivered as follows :-" The Rev. Mr. Closo pre- sents his compliments to the gentlemen present, and requests me to inform them that should any among them say anything slanderous of him, he, the Rev. Mr. Close, will horsewhip that individual whenever he may meet moot, even though it be in Queen-street," Of course this produced a sensa- tion, and the bearer of the cartel thinking the op- portunity too good to be lost, added, "and, my word, if you had seen how he looked when he said that, you'd have known he meant it." The meet- ing waw held, no settlement of the dispute has yet been arrived at, but I am glad to say neither has anybody been horsewhipped. THE AFO'IIAN WAU.-Respecting recent ovonts in Afghanistan, a gontloman now in Sydney, who was formerly a resident of Laboro, writes to the neening News :-" Tho Gilzao chiefs having declared in favour of Yakoob Khan, it was usolesa for Shore Ali to attempt any resistance. Theso aro the powerful chieftains who rose against Shah Sooyah whon tho English placed him on tho throne, and who out off all 8iipplic3 from tho English at Cabul, and by thoir onorgy and determination obliged the unfortunate garrison thoro to sign tho troaty which led to thoir oventual destruction. Whatever treaty England now makes with Afghanistan, it will bo necessary to boar in mind that in a kingdom so constantly changing its rulers, Russian influonco and diplomacy may at no distant dato dethrone Yakoob Khan and roplaco Shero Ali (now in Bokhara, virtually a Russian provinco), whon wo should bo no furthor forward than whon wo com- menced tho war. Should tho Gilzac chiefs, who aro, when combined, essentially tho kingmakers of Afghanistan, onco have it instilled into them that Yakoob Khan waa supported on his throno by British intluenco and for British interests, his scat therein would bo vory insocuro. It was to Bokhara that Dost Mahomed hod when Herat was besieged by tho Persians, but it was not then so much under tho intlueiico of Russia as it has since become RESULTS OK CRAMMINU.-Dr. Walter Kempstor, formorly connected with the Uticu Insane Asylum, and now Superintendant of the Wisconsin Insano Asylum, recently read a paper beforo a sciontitio socioty in Milwaukee, in which ho takca the ground that the increase of insanity is largely duo to the manner in which tho minda of childron aro injured by the common method of teaching reading. Many ominont teachers agroe with him, that it ia a vory irrational method, which forcea tho minds of children, and neglects the physical culture. Dr. Kempstor, in tho course of his paper, says :-If additional incentivo woro nooded, it should bo found in tho charge now modo against tho unnatural attempts to fill tho minda of young porsons with tho lessons of tho toxt books. Tito effect on the health of girls is especially noticeable. In some ef tho schools tho moro advanced scholars have to begin thoir atudioa at an early hour, and, with brief intervals, spend tho day and evening in this tiro aomo work. A morbid condition of mind and body ia au inevitable consequence. 'Die first aim of education should bo to promote physical health, for without this there can be no healthy develop- ment of tho mind. Tho next aim abould bo to exorcise and train the mind in such a manner as will bring forth' ita boat power«. A High Church curato near London having a horso that did not like the water, tried to cure bim. Ho btripped to the skin, and then mounted his steed, whioh he sought to force into the sea. But the brute did not " soo it," and, wheeling round, started full paoe to the town, through the maiu street of whioh he dashed, greatly to the surprise and horror of his rider, the male Godiva. It is said that the curate did not offioUte the next Sunday; When ii,a watoh like », .cork?-When it'iai .topper. ? , , , ,/U ?».". y .>. >-L I 