The Pulpit in Warwick [AS VIEWED PROM THE PEW.] THE WESLEYAN CHURCH. WE arc somewhat transgressing against the . rule which was Laid down at the outset of our - publication of sermons, not to impoBo this kind of matter too frequently upon the at tention of our readers, in so soon sotting forth the report of a discourse preachcd by the Eev. Puul Clipsham at the wosleyan Church on Sunday evening. But it would bo mani festly unfair to the rev. gentleman himself, and the members of bis congregation, as welt' os those outside, were the publicationof their j di&oourse; held over for another week. We are indebted to a prominent layman in the Wesleyan Church for the following facte in connection with the ChurchThe present'; spacious and lofty edifioe, in which Divine , Hervice is held, is capable of seating nearly 500 people. It was built by the voluntary donations from members of the body in this neighborhood, at a coBt of X2000, and, as an index of the seal exercised ©n that occasion, he states that working men and heads of families subscribed their £25 apiece, whilst others sul>scribed as much as £50. The cost of the Church was £2000, and the rostrum and communion rails are pointed to ne a pattern of church work uueounllcd in the colony. The Reverend W. G. Taylor was the minister at the time this building was con templated, and ho set to work with the wil ling and practical co-operation of others, plans were soon drawn up and approved of by a Brisbane architect, and the results are to be found in the magnificent church which was opened in December, b!X years ago. Although the itinerary system observed with the Wes leyan body at home is not so strictly followed here, Mr. Taylor left Warwick and was suc ceeded by the Bev. Mr. Parkinson, whowas pronounced by our kind informant as ** one of the best men in Queensland, without question." . The Rev. P. Clipsham came to the colony about five years ago, after completing his education at Richmond College, near London, and was at once appointed to the Brisbane district tinder the superintendance of the Rev. Arthur (now Mr.) BuUedge (M.L.A., of the Queensland Bar?) ;Wby Mr. Rutledgp should have gone off latjnieh an extraordinary tangentt and have^ abandoned his calling aa a useful xnini^toridf Christ,, to join a profes sion familiarly known all over the world as the "Devil's own," is no business of ours. We arc, however, enabled to affirm that Mr. Rutiedge distinguishes himself as an orna ment to h(s profession, without surrendering any of the ^ood qualities which make him a most excellent lay member of the Wesleyan ^°A^ter passing aoioo time at Brisbane, the Bev. Paul Clipsham was appointed to War wick, to take charge, not merely of the Warwick church, but to superintend the whole of the surrounding district, by peri odical visitations, so that -his duties are by no means light. In connection with the Church, there is a Sunday School* over which Mr. Clarke, the Chemist, has presided as Superin tendent for the pest six years, having of late received active aid and co-operation from Mr. Richard Watkinfion. These earnest. Christian men view the question of Sabbath Schools as one of extreme luipprtance, and their seal and influence bos been constantly vouchsafed in the interests of tb6 littlo ones. A Sabbath School libraiy has during tbo past two years received a numerous addition of books, &c.;, embracing literature calculated to enlighten , both young.and old. The subject for discourse on Sunday even ing had been previously announced, being "in refutation of errors contained in a sermon published in the Warwick Argn*, October 25tb»" and, as a consequence, there was a somewhat numerous congregation, embracing members from -various churches. The preacher selected for his text Matthew rxvr, 20-29, and satd: My friends: I have an unpleasant duty to perform to-night. As Pastor of this Church, and still more as a Protestant minister, I feel under an obligation to you, and to the Pro testants of this district, as well as to our brethren the Romanists, to lift up my voice against the errors set forth in a Bermon pub lished in the Warwick Argus of October 25th. That sermon is reported as having been de livered by the Romish Priest in this town, and had been circulated through the district as the teaobing of the word of God. ^ On that account, unless publicly refuted, it is cafcula i ted to do muoh harm. I am not afraid that it irill seriously afoct the intelligent and well-read portion of the Protestant commu nity. Nor am I nf raid that our Bible-reading friends who have been deprived of the advan tages of education, will be iniuenced by the ignorant errors it contains. But still, on be half of truth, I am determined to make my protest against the lying miracles of Borne. And by the help of that God who will ere long bring her boastings and abominations to the dust, t Bhall endeavor to prove, by^ap pealing to your reason and the word of God, that statements made in the sermon referred to are opposed to human judgment, to the traditions of the Church, and to the Bible; and that they are calculated, if received and carried out, to deprive men of their right to think and act according to their conscience, by chaining them fast under the iron bond age of an apostate church. # There are two particular? errors contained in Mr. Horan s sermon i-Oae is the doctrine of tronsub stantiation, an error unknown to the church for the first 500 years of ite existence j andthe other an error based on an opinion that whatever is, is right.' And both of these are evidently designed for the fortification of priests and prelates at the expense of the rights and oonciences of their people. Altera Bomewhat tortuous journey from the subject he was professedly discussing, Mr. Horan is reported to have said of our Lord- At the end of His public mission of three years, He warned His Apostles, the choaen twelve, that the time was at hand when the Son of Man must suffer, in order to return tone gjoiy of His Father. But before doing so He pro mised that He would not leave them orphans. His infinite wisdom, prompted and assisted by His infinite love ana infinite power, caused Him to find a means of still remaining on earth even after His ascension into heaven. At the Last Supper He changed bread and wine into His own most adorable body and blood, and He conferred on His Apostles the power of doing tho same, ' Do this for a com memoration of me.'" And lest they should think it was but to themselves and to their immediate successors He confided BO great a power, He extended its operation to the end of time, " Behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world. Such, my friends, is the doctrine of Romo on that most sacred institution of tho Christum religion-the Sacrament of the Lord s bupper. I am aware that many of the intelligent Catholic tatty repudiate such a belief. I have had conversations with several in this town who deny that they believe the consecrated wafer to contain the body and soul ana divi nity of our Lord Jesus Christ. And yot there can be no doubt that this is tbe doctrine of their church. And not only so, it is consi derad of snch importance to prop up that ecclesiastical fraud, tho Church of Rome, that the belief of this strange doctrine is forced upon all her children on pain of ex communication. In tho passage I Just read Mr. Horan faithfully represents tho praent teaching of the Church of Rome. And lost anyone should think otherwise, let me rofer you to tho decisions of tho Council of Trent, which are regarded ob supremely authorita tive in the Romish Church. In the first Canoil Of tie 1^ flos9ion £ was decreed Whosoever $y tho most holy sacrament of th® enohaflflt there are truly, really, and Bubstautl&Uy; con tained, the body and the blood of our fara JpBUBChriBt, together with His soul and di ' vinity, and consequently Christ entire j but Bhall affirm that He is present therein only |iuabigu and figure, or by Hia power j let him be accursed." Then again, in the 8th Canon of the same session of the Council, It was docreed, "Whosoever shall affirm that Christ, as exhibited in the eucharist, is saten in a spiritual manner only, and not nlso sacra mentally and really; let him be accursed/' No Romish priest would dare to deny ..that this is the authoritative teaching of his church, and therefore I need be at no further trouble to demonstrate that. Since this teaching, however, is professedly Insed by Mr. Horan on the word of God, it will now be my duty to examine the 6r.ripture he adduces -in proof of it, and to expose tho Btupidity of the doctrino. The foundation on which Pa pists profess to build tbe dogma of transub eteuibiation is found in the gospel according to St. Matthew, chap, xxvi., v 20-29 : " And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body. And He took tke cup, and gave thanks, aud gave it to them, saying, Drink ye ail of it; for this is my blood of the New Testament which is shed for many for the re mission of sins. But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's Kingdom." This Scripture, my friends, is the lever whioh razes this Romish lie to the ground. But in giving the true exposition of this Scripture, I must point out to you the way in which the false doc* trines of Borne are based on miBrepresenta* tions of Scripture truths. 1st The first mis representation contained in Mr. Homn's ser I uion is, that Christ, previous to his ascension, I made provision for His corporeal presence in | His Church to all time. Let us bee then how this agrees with the teaching of Scripture and I the possibility of the case. Theteachingof all I orthodox Christians, as well as that of the Church of Home, in reference to the human nature of our Lord Jesus Christ, is, that that nature was in no way diffeient from the hu man nature of any child of aiaq save in its freedom from sin. Well then, this being ad mitted, I am justified in raeasuriitg the quali ties of our Lord's human nature, by the qualities of human nature generally. But when I consider that part of a man"c2led his bodyi I find that one of its negative qualities is dn incapacity of being in two -places at one time, much less in a thousand places at once. Man's body is not ubiquitous, nor is his soul divisible. Hence I naturally conclude that without some special miraelo the body of bur Lord Jesus Christ could ao more .be in two places at the sanie time' than mine could. * But j (says the, Bomanicfc) ' that VB .-just the point. Could not God work a continued miracle, by which the ubiquity of our Lord's body could be effected P' I confess I don't know what God could do, but I know this that such a miracle, if. possible, would be without anything like it in the whole his tory of God's miraculous works. We must not forget, that,, whilst the miracle- working power of God affects the working of some 'visible, law, it is itself regulated "by laws that do not always appear. And there is lib law by which God Himself could miraculously cause the same proposition to be true and folse in the same sense at thn same time. And it seems to me that we might just as well suppose that God could by some miracu lous power make two adjaeent hills without a valley between, as suppose that the material body of our Lord could be made to really oc cupy portions of space in a thousand different places at once without involving the neces sity of actually multiplying bodies of Christ. And even in such a case the miracle-working potyer of God would work in opposite ways at the same timo, and thus neutralise its own strength. However, apart from the possibility of .such a miracle, I should like to know from what source Mr. Horan gets his information that such a cross-legged miracle was actually wrought. I am quite sure that no passage of the word of God will give evidence of it, save to the mind of some gymnastic exegete. We know as well as Mr. Horan that our blessed Lord made provision to be present in His Church through all ages. Tea, w& know further and rejoice in the fact, that Ha made Srevision to be present with every saint of !is, and that without (he intervention of ar rogant priests. But what was that provision ? That it was not the presence of His body is plainly taught by God's word. For instan< t, Matt. xxvi. v 11, we find that our Lord di rcotly stated ttre. When the disciples com plaiued that the box of nard which Mary used on Jesus was^ wasted, He reminded them that it was an anointing for His burial-" For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always." And amongst a mul titude of other passages, we have this stated tftil] more clearly in John xvnv 11-13. In our Lord's prayer shortly befr re he comple ted His divine miss'on, He prayad for thoje whom He had gathered around Him during His sojourn here, and whom He was about to leave that He might resume His positiou at the right hand oFHis Father,-" And now 1 am no mere in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thiiie own namo those whom thou hast given me, that they tuny be one, as we are. while 1 w4!s with them in the world, I tept them in thy name; those that thou gavest me I hava-JMpi^jmd none of them is lost, but the son of pomttitbirg^thatr the Scriptures might be fulfilled. And now come I to thee." No, my friends, Christ's body does not actually remain on earth. It was taken up to heaven, there to remain un til Christ's second coming. For He Himself said, " I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world; again I leave the world and ao to the Father. And that this re ferred to the ascension of our Lord's body, was plain enough to His disciples j for they immediately replied "Lo, now ihou' speakest plainly, and spe&kcst; no proverb." If then our Lord did not make provision to remain in His Church corporeally, in what sense does He still abide in His Church P I would not undertake to answer this question without two kinds of testimony. The first and most reliable is the testimony of Scripture. From it we learn that Christ dwells in his Church and in the hearts of Hlb Saints by His spirit. St. Paul, in his epistle to the Romans, chap ter vm, v 9, Bays, " Nov if any man have nob the spirit of Christy he is none of His." And this is in perfect harmony with the teaching of our Lord. Although Ho sard to His sor rowing disciples, " Whither I go ye cannot oome," John xui v 33, He promised that an other should come to fill His place and to carry on His work,-"I will pray the Father and He shall give you another comforter, that he may abido with you for ever," John xiv, v 10. And in the same chapter, verses 25th and 20th, our Lord reminds His dis oiplos of Ilis bodily departure, and of the coming and work of His Bpirit" " these things have 1spoketf being yet prosent with you. But the Comforter which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, ard briug all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto yoi|." But there is another testimony which muBt- not be overlooked in this argument-, and that is the testimony of Christain experience. Every true Christain knows that tho material bodv of our Lord Jesus Christ does not dwell in his heart. And yet he knows that Christ dwells in his heart, not by the aid of priestly conjurors, but by tho exercise of ' faith' PorhapB Mr. Horan is not aware of the oristenco of such tosti* mony. If not, IcouM find for him Chris tains without nunib<r who have this testi mony in themselves. They have boen led by God's good spirit -to sou themselves helpless sinners in His sight. Thoy have boon so drawn by (he love of God, revealed in the sacrifice of His son Jesus Christ, that they have been plunged into godly sorrow for sin, and have cast themselves, by faith, on the merits of His atoning death. And while hanging upon Christ for mercy, God hath sent faith sjjirit of His son into their hearts, testifying tq tljQiq JW pardoned, and tfyat Cjod is tl|^ir retjoncileij Father. 2ud.' But we must hurry on. The second misrepresentation i" Mr. Horun s ser mon is, that tho provisiou Christ luude for continuing in His Church for ever was ef fected at the Last Supper by changing the bread and the wine into His own body and blood. This error, my friends, is the key stone of the Boorish conspiracy. "When the scriptural doctrine of * salvation by faith' lifts it out of its place (and lift it oufc it will), then priestly tyranny will be broken, the whole fabric will cave in, and Rome will for ever be buried in hor own ruins. Her mag nificent deceit will lose its spell. Her spiri- , tual harlotry will becsms a warning to man- ; kind like bleaching bones in a desert, and the | posterity of her poor, ignorant, deluded chil- I dren, will learn to blush at the memory of 1 her hideous morality. However, any refuta tion Of ~tbis-eacduial error is only valu&blc.; so long as it is supported "by the word of God. Hence I must set before you the true mean ing of thrt Scriptures, 44 This is my body," and "this is my blool." And in doing this I shall expose the foolish notions Rome holds of this doctrine. Here, as in all other plrccs, where it suits her purpose, she forms her in terpretations according to the doctrines she already holdB. In this place of course, she takes die words in an absolutely literal sense, ' while she is oblivious of the style of language our Lord employed. If we were to adopt the same arbitrary mode of interpretation, we could make our Bible teach us the most ridiculous things. For instanc?, according to the Romish mode of interpretation, I might assert that il branch of a vine is really and trmlya portion of tirns corxUiin'ng 21 honrs For when Joseph interpreted the dream of Pharoah's chief butler, he said to him, " This i? the interpretation of it; tbethrce branches are the three days." But only a Romanist, instructed by his priest, would understand that in a literal sense. Or, if we turn to Ezekiel, chap. v. verses 1-G, we might declare that a portion of the prophet's hair was the city of Jerusalem-poople, houses, animals, and everything elsa that made up the city. For after the Almighty has commanded the Prophet to cut off nis hair and dispose of it in certain ways, he affirms of one part of it, ".Thas saith the Loul God: this is Jerusa lem." Or, if wc come to our Lord's own words' we may see to what ridiculous lengths a Ro mish style of interpretation would lead us. For instance, we might affirm that the Re deemer of men had no life,' will, Or affections; that he was simply aflat piece of board with four panels in it, and hung on hinges. Be cause in John, chap. x. v 9. we are told that our Saviour said Himself * I am the -door.1 | Or, if we turn to John xv. r 1, Romish teach ing would justify us in Baying that our bles sed Saviour was a l?ng straggling tree, bear clusters-of sweet berries,- for He Himself said, " Iain the true Vibe." 4Oh, whatblasphetn OUB teaching; Bays the Romanist, ' what a,li centious way of interpreting the Scripture 1' jSo say we- r, And it is precisely the same mode of interpretation as that which claims a literal meaning fpr such purely figurative expressions as "This is my body* "This is my blood of the new tbstdnieht. And if Rotnanists were consistent in their own mode of interpreta tion!, their teaching would be stiU more ridi culous. For instance, in reference to the former of these two assertions-f This is my body," tbev maintain that the pieces - of bread which our Lord held in his hand were miraculously ohanged into His own body and soul and divinity, and that He still existed as a perfect human being after His disciples I had consumed him. Surely this is the con I summation of self-delusion! Not only do Romanists merit the reproach which Mo hammed ms hurl at them as the devourers of their god, but they involve themselves in the logical necessity of making their god devour hitnBclf. For in the 29th verse or this chap ter our Saviour says that though he will not partake of this communion now, he to ill par take of it in His Father's kingdom. So that, if Romanists maintain that the sacramental wine is changed into the entire Christ ut con secration, they must believe that a time will come when Christ will drink His own blood, andthus consume himself. But look at the latter assertion-"This is my blood," and you will still further fop the ridiculousness of Romish doctrine. If Romanists are deter mined to be literal in their interpretation of this Scripture, I must insist on their being consistent in thoir literalness. Instead of this, however, they are only literal in so far as the words favor their stupid dogmas. For instance, they maintain that it was of the wiue our Lord spoke when Ho said, "This is my blood." Of course it was. But if Romanists are consistent, they must believe that it was "the cup"-whatever that ves sel was made of, and not the wine, to which our Lord referred; for, taking the whole pas sage it reads thus-" And He took - the Cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to the.ii saying drink ye all of it; For this is my blood of tho New Testament, which is shed for many for the emission of sins. But I say unto you, I will notdrhik'hencefortb of this fruit of the vine until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's Kingdom." Well then, since a literal acceptation of these words is not allowable, what must we understand our Lord to mean? In answering this question, we shall see that tho literal application of these words by Romanists, is not only not allowable, but is in direct opposition to tho trum uf PoTipmrer^iPTflauru canuii ut tntr 13th Session of the Counoil of Trent it was affirmed* " Whosoever shall affirm that Christ, as exhibited in the euoharisfc, is . eaten in a spiritual manner only, and not also sacra, 'mentally and really; let him be accursed." Now I am going to run that risk by main taining .that,it is .otiZy partaken of in a spiritual sense j not because this is my parti cular opinion, but because it Is the testimony of this Bible« If you turn to the book of Exodus, Chap, xzr, v. 11, you will find that it is said of the Pascal celebration-i.e.-the Institution in tho old dispensation, corres ponding with the Lord's Supper in tho new, "and thus shall ye eat it; with your loin's girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand, and ye shall eat it in haste; it is the Lord's passover." But lest Israel Bhould make the sacrificial lamb an idol instead of a memorial of soms blessing conferred on them, M«3es shows in the 26th and 27th verses, that that sacrifice was tnerely a symbol, and was to be retained only as such-"and it Bhall come to piss when your children shall say, What mean ye by this service ? That ye Bhall B ly, it is the sacrifice of tho Lord's passover, who passed over tho houses of the children of Israel in Egypt when he smote the Egyptians and delivered our houses." Now, not only did Christ substitute tlu Holy Communion for the l'assovcr of the old disposition, but he used the sitne stylo of expression as was used at tho celebration of the Passover-'" This is iny body," M this is my blood," and "do this in remembrance of me." And thus He showed beyond doubt that a spiritual and not a literal moaning was to bo put on His words. Then again, if you compare tho 10th verse of the 16th Psalm with verses 22-32 of the 2nd chapter of Acts, you will find that David prophocied that our Lord's body should not [ soe corruption, and Peter taking that prophecy, affirmed that such was the case. I But according to the teaching of Rome, our . Saviour's body is being constantly Bubjocted to the power of corruption. For the elements of bread and wine, which the priest professes to change into the body and blood of our ; Lord Jesus Christ, do become corrupt by tho ' natural processes of digestion. But for the 1 spiritual interpretation of theso words, I must ? refer you especially to what our Lord Him- ! self said. If you turn to ths gospel by j John, vx, 51, you will find that while our I Lord was preaching to the poople of Caper- : naurn, he affirmed, "I am the living bread which came down from heaven; if any man eat of this bread he shall live for ever; and tho bread that I will give is my flesh which I will give for the life of the world." As- ! tounded at such a Baying, the people said "l^c^y this man jrivc us bis flesh t<q cat ?" I Then o\\}r Lord aOjni^d t wo gn»at" trull^B^ , first' Ho' asserted that thqro'could be no life ' without this participvtion, " uxcopt yo eat Ih'j i}csh ot tbii Son of Mai} and uriqk UU ' blood, yo havo no lifo in you" And secondly, to relieve the minds of His disciplos, who raid, "This is a hard saying; who can bear it,'' Ho explained to them that it was. a spiritual participation of His flesh and blood, and not of His real body nnd blood as the Jews had supposed. " It is the spirit that quickcuoth ; the flesh proflteth nothing; the' worde that I speak unto you. they are spirit and they are fife." Surely then it can only ( bo the spirit of anti-tJhrist which pronounce* : men accursed for beliaving what our Saviour I himself hus so plainly taujjht. I could I occupy your time for hours adducing Scrip. 1 ture which expressly condemns this do^ma of Home. But having set before you a few im portant texts, I should, now like. 1.0 see , whether the teaching of Borne has always agreed in the doctrine so boldly advanced by Mr. Horon. I think we shall find it has not. It is a fact as certain as the existence of the papacy itself, that the Council of Trent mode decrees that were in direct opposition to the" Fathers, whose writings Humanists so often appeal to. St. Augustine and a host of others did not believe in this fable of trnnsubstan tiation. And yet this fact is rendered force less by the dogma of Pap il supremacy. But to be more particular, some of the greatest Romish writers and divines admit tliat this doctrine cannot be proved from Scripture. If then this be conceded the dogma has no other base that can possibly sustain it. And that this is true I shall show by quoting a few examples. The great Romish Oracle, Scotushimself, is represented by Bellartnine as having said that the doctrine of transub stantiatioa cannot be proved from the Scrip ture. So also said Durandus. Ochain, a famous Romish schoolman, admitted that "the doctrine which holds the substance of the bread and wine to remain after consecra tion, ib neither repugnant to reason nor to Scripture.'1 Alliaco, Cardinal of Cambray, distinctly says that for this dogma " there is no evidence in Scripture." Candinal Cajetan affirms boldly that "the gospel doth nowhere express that, the bread is changed into foi* body of Christ ;: that we,have this from the Authority of the Church'.'' Tea, he says further, that there is nothing in the gospel which enforceth any man to understand these words of ChriBt, " this is my body," in a proper and not in a metaphorical sense; but the Church baring understood them in a proper sense, they must be so explained. Now, while these men were firm believers in the doctrine, they had honsity enaugh to say^ that it could not be proved from the Scriptures. And yet in the 19th century Bomish teachers have the boldness to affirm what cen turies ago their fathers denied- Alas, for that late-born, feeble, ill-tempored child-' In fallibility' 1 However, not content with binding -men's conBbienots.'thepipix^rhas Ions since seen that to maintain this mon strous doctrine, it is also necessary to bind the natural senses. ?? The Bomish-pjhuroli/teacheB that after consecration, the Subrta&ce; of the bread and wine no longer exists, 'and that thny only appear to the senses «L8 existing. Fll quote the' exact words in rttaioh die; teach this.-"The pastor will first of all impress on the minds of the ^faithful the necessity of detaching as ihuch as possible their minds and understandings from the dominion rf the senses; for iforp they, with regard to thiB- Sublime' mystery, to: constitute the senses the only tribunal to> which they are to appeal, the awful consequences must be their precipitation into the extremist impiety. Consulting the sight; thb' touch', the smell, the taste,1 and finding nothing but the appearances of bread and wine, the senses must naturally lead them to think that this Sacrament contains nothing more than bread and wine." Most decidodly, no man, who hac not bccom° such a. stupid senseless elayo to priestly authority, would ever think of re nouncing the testimony God has intepded us to receive by means of our senses, and' of accepting that which they all deny. Though my touch, taste, sight, and smell tell me that the elements I see are bread and wine. l am to believo that they are deceived, and that what I really see is the body and blood and boned and nerves and divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ. What an impious lio! Borne tells me to deny the evidence of my sehsesi but God's Word tells me to receive it, and that on the most momentous question. If you turn to St. Luke's gospel, chapter rxiv 89th verse, you will find that when our Lprd's disciples could hardly believe that Ho who stood in their midst was indeed the risen Saviour, Ho asked them to take the evidence of their senses, " Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself; handle me and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye see me haye." Now I should like to Jinoir (per haps Mr. Horon would be able to tell me), if this renunciation of; our right to use the senses God has given us is absolut ly neces sary in order to a belief in this doctrine, how is any Bomanist to know what is actually taught in MB own church P He is dependent for his knowledge on the evidence of his senses at every step he takes. He is depen dent on sight for what he sees, on bearing for what he hears, on touch for what he feels. Indeed, in, reading, this very passage, hp-is dependent on his'sight for toe knowledge of the form in which it stands. And yet be has tire auductiy~fo insist"that "those who slavishly follow him shall renounce the evidence of their senses, and believe what thatevidence 'denies. But there'is another misrepresentation of Scripture in Mr. Horan's discourse to whith I muBt briefly allude in' oohclusioti, vis. :-Suit our Lord gave the power to: the Apostles and their successors to perpetuate such a miracul ous deceit. Mt. Horan's: words are, "At the last supper He ohanged bread and wine into His own most adorable body and blood, and He conferred on His Apostles the power of doing the Same." And then again he Says "And lest they should think it was but to themselves and to their immediate successors He confided so great a power.He extended its operation to the end of time. And the whole aim of this falsehood, togother with another of equal magnitude-U»e boasted miraculous existence of the Papacy-is de signed against the system of public instruc tion in our colony. The point is artfully concealed, but it is so impatient it cannot help revealing itself. According, to Mr. Horan, parents who have a model in the ruler of Capernaum, must afford their children "an eaby opportunity of the best education in secular Bubjects within their reach in schools where their faith and morals will not bo exposed to danger." I have already proved that thcro is no doctrine of trnnsub stautiation in tho Scriptures. It Only re mains then for me to point out the way in which Mr. Horan wrests tho Scriptures, to givo a plausibility to errors that were born of Borne. In proof of the stateinont that our Lord conferred a power on His Apostles to work a miracle on bread and wine, Mr. Horan quotes the command, " Do this for a cnmmoinoration of me." And in proof of the statement that this power was conferred upon their successors to all time, Mr. Uoran quotes a passage which has nothing whatever to do with tho Last Supper, viz:-"Behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." Now, as for the first pussago, it denies instead of proves such a statement In it our Lord reminds His disciplos of the fuct that lis is about to go to Heaven, and that His body will be no longer present with them; and on that account Hu enjoins on them tho duty of keeping up this memorial of Him to all time, " Do this in remembrance of TOO." The asconil passage has no rerefence whatever to any particular mode in which Christ would continue in His Church. It simply states the fact that He will bo always present with those who work for Him. It was announced, not at the Last Supper, but just before our Lord's ascension, when He gave the great commission to His disciples to preach the gospel, "Go ye therefore, and touch all nations, baptir.iqg tl)on) ii( ttiq panic c,C tl|0 Fnitl^qr, aq^ of tl^q Sqn, anc) of the I^oly Ojh^st; teaching them to observe whatsoever things I h^ve commanded you ; apd lo, 1 am with you always., even ynto the'm cud of the world." 'truly,' it must lie a" lamentably feeble foundation otf^liM?Vich errors res', or those who bold thenv^ould toot iresort to such false and pun; arguments in support of thom! But, my friends, apart from the abecnco of Scripture proofs of such doctrines, the wordly, drunken, inoestaons, dafceitful, cruel lives of so large a number of Popes, Cardinals, Archbishops, Bishops, and Priests of Borne, would prevent sensible men from believing that tbe Almighty would commit the powor ol infallibly interpreting Christian truth into such ruthless hands. That there is a terrible design in the propaza. tion of these lying wonders is beyond doubt. The Church of Home is at this present time whBt she has been for hundreds of years, the anemy of truth, liberty, and progress, in -all branches of human life; ever restless, full of deceit and intrigue; it is she whojhaa for ages scattered the seeds ofiotplly, soci|tV and national diBcord amongst mankind;' who'has delighted in the shedding of human blood whelie?5r "hh'e could gain % tWe" e*t>5fUfi5Et. She has not scrupled^ employ.we vilest means imaginable for strengthening herself in her iniquity. The dagger <?f the assassin is ever ooncealfid under the robes c/.ttfafc " mother of harlots," and only waits for the time and the command to do her bidding. And, my friends, never was she more intern: on her purpose than she is to-day. Her aim is to increase her money power and her power of political influence, at any cost, and in any way. She iB bent on seizing the purse strings of public fupds, on getting control over all our public institutions, until her slimy folds wound arotind the Whole Hody-poeWi rt ligious, politic, have the power to crash out all life but her own. My fellow townsmen, my Protestant brethren, take heedhow.yo^ sleep on the. lap of this DeUlah/t^ |Ot&an; that yob are in security,I There ^re ,apq» foolish people who call themselves Pratfesi tants, who are mercenary enough to think they can secure money Wnefli by pandering to the whims of the Papacy, who allow £hem selves to i be Aeactd /in . rejigio.-gwibUng baaaars .te, enlvw .'Bomiffe »l£#g laughed at for tneuvfupji, who little thlitr how it would be with tbeqi, were it not.for thetntegrityof'the few Whom they regard as bigots and enthusiasts. Uy hearers, I im plore you by your Iqvs of British liberty, pura^j morals, of Bocial happiness, by TOUT rights conscience, by your lbve of ^he Bible, by your hope for the futlyre .happiness and prosperity of iM-tinmau Borne! Tolerate "her In all natters in which yda cl4im tbleration yourkalVes.' But afctbB same time, use eM ilegilimfUe ,tnoane-mark the word legitimate, for we cannot, must not, stoop to the dirty backstairs pjjwtioes/of Rome.-I aay, we must ,nfp.,%U.feyfrnM9 means-the power of prayer, of filth, of christian love ^ndli^Sb;1 £o/ree fler endMtod children from tihe yoke which'nks ainbnig galled their aoul*. i. Aid) fi thU SM6be true, though we may not live to see it, that satanio miracle of wrong-the'.Chlikrib at Bome^MFll be exterminated, hot by the eirordof feasant by the Bword of Him -wboiwill/fci^' iii'lDtf white hone-on whose vesture and thigh "tbeif i|a il&n;'e written, ^ting/of Kitokjanl ; Lord of Lords." Before that time comee, i however, Wbcfce ondpray thit many of her ! children will be brotight to." the truth as it . is in Jesus," and that 1&ey; may, by faith, step into "that liberty* whtfrewith Christ doth make His people ?' j 