ipgMImtjr. MORE GHOST STORIES UNVEILED. Ok the above eubjeat, a correspondent Bends us the following ; — A few years ago I removed into a new and. larger honBn with a young family. Somo nights aftor my removal I was awakened in the middle of tbe night by a distinot knock ing twioe or thriae repeated at my bedroom door. I oalled out : ' Who's there ? ' There was no reply ; but after an interval of a few minutes tbe knocking was repeated aB dis tinctly as before. Again the same qnoBtion : ' Who'B there 1 ' and again no reply : but again came the knocking, if possible more distinot and louder than before, and just as if a person outside in the lobby had struck sharply with his knuokles on the door. I sprang rapidly from bed on its being repeated, and ruBhod to the bedroom door and opened it, determined to oatoh the knooker. But | thero was no one outside ; and no one could have nscaned down the stairoase. whioh was what is called a weU-stairoase, brilliantly lighted with a flood of moonlight, whioh streamed through tho skylight window. I am not and never was spirit- strioken or superstitious ; but I will confess my sensa tions new booame trying ; my heart began to throb, and I returned to bed with eatB painfully awake. Again came the knocking, clear and distinct and methodiaal as before. Although feeling very uneasy, I orept Bilently out of bed and stretched myself on the floor with my head on th6 boards and a few feet from the bedroom door, to find out if pos sible from what part of the door the knock ing proceeded. Again itoamo as before, and I could distinctly refer it to the lowest part or pinel of the door. I suddenly opened the door; but with the eame result as before; and again I lay in my formor position. Again oame the kuocking, threo or .four distinottaps ; and now fixing my eyes steadily on the spot from whioh the tapping proceeded, I saw tbe knuokle bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of a very small walnut, jerked repeatedly against the skirting that lay alongside the door. The skirting was thinner than the sonnding-board of a piano ; and it was the sudden tapping of the little bone against the sounding- board that produoed the repeated knooking. But how was the tapping produced? By a mouse that bad found its way along the hollow spaoe behind the wainscot. It had bored a hole in the very lowest part of tbe wainsoot, very nearly on a-level with the ffoor, had found its little bone left after the children's dinner, and had dragged it to the entrance of its hole, but could not get it through. It had dragged through the tough bit of einew which is attaohed to the end of the bone — popularly known in mutton as the Gentleman's Bone — and was trying by jerking it backwards to bring tho bone itself through ; and each jerk gave a blow against the thin sounding board, and eaoh blow gave out the sound or mysterious knook. Had I not discovered this, no reasoning ooald have convinced me that I had not heard knooks at my bedroom door ; and I should, in all probability have attributed them to what is termed super natural agenoy. nr.. avnnrinnno wan if nngnihla mnrn puzzling. In the neighbourhood of 'Dublin, on the rooky sea-coaBt of Dalkey, there are soveraloaBtleBBupposedto have been ereoted by the Danes for the proteotion of their traders. They are still in fair preservation, and havo dwolling-housea of modern con struction built against them. One of these old castles standB on the very verge of the sea, over what was once a rooky inlet, but is now a harbour oalled Bullook Harbour, along the opposite side of whioh is a row of fishermen's oottages, principally inhabited by men who earn their livelihood as pilots. The dwelling-houBe attached to this old oastle I with my family oooupied in the summer, for health's sake and to enjoy boat ing, of whioh I was fond. I observed some time after taking up my residence in it, that no matter at what time I retired to bed — and I generally sat up one or two hours after the other members of my family had retired — the eervantB from the kitchen story selected the same moment for their departure. This unoeasing regularity became at last annoying, and I insisted on knowing tbe cause. The information given to me was that the old caetle and house were haunted, and that for no induoement would the ser vant's remain after I had asoended from the parlour. I had now reason for thinking there was some ground for the fears. The pantry particularly, and the'rest of the house with it, were walked over by footstepB at night. These were plainly heard ; and there was added an additional aggravation ; for, not oontent with thiB, the ' supernatural ' visitor began to do mischief, and generally in the gray of the morning made free with eatables and pots of jam on the Bhelves, occasionally breaking a glass or plate I To add to the mystery, though the pantry was carefully looked every night the depredations still oontinued, and at length the terror of each night's visitation became greater and greater, and the various Btories began to be circulated, one being that the visitant was the spirit ol a nun condemned to suffer tho pangs of hunger for some transgression. ThiB was supported by the oiroumBtance of the old castle and grounds having been somo years before oooupied as a oonvent. The only opening into the pantry was through a ventilator in the roof, very high up, and. ad joining one of the lofty walls of the old oastle. Through this no human being could obtain an entranoe ; but it was entered by a monkey , who oame to it in this way. One of the pilot-boatB was taking off a pilot to a ship, to relieve the one on duty, when the monkey, sick I suppose of the sea, and determined not to lose the opportunity, jumped into tbe boat, and on nearing the shore, jumped out again, and sought tbe nearest sbelter, whioh happened to be the old castle. Tho ship was from the WeBt Indies, laden with eugar. Tbe monkey, though missed from the homeward bound, was unnotioed by tho. pilot crew, and finding his way from tbe oastle to the ven tilator of the adjoining dwelling- houBS pantry, sought to allay liis hunger there when all was quiet at night. By day the oreature lay hidden in the old castle; and it was only after a lapse of many days and nights that poor Jaoko waB discovered peeping out from hiB lodging in the old Norman keep 1 It not unfrequently happens that houses are haunted, and kept haunted, by certain persons who have a direct interest in keeping up the silly triok. In the same neighbour hood — tho neighbourhood of the old oastle — was a houeo reputed to be haunted, and whioh haB maintained its reputation for more than two summors. Footsteps are heard at night, doors are slammed, and on one oooa sion, jugs of water have been, poured upon some members of the family, to tboir groat diEoomfort. The ghost has been olever, and haB not yet been caught ; but the solution is not far to find, as the care-taker has aoom fortable residence gratis, whioh is lost when tbe house is let and oooupied for the season. — Chamber's Journal. Artful Youth. — Oilo of J our fomalo teachers threatened to kocp an unruly boy fifteen minutes after sohool. 'I wish you'd mako it half an hour,' said tho appreciative youth, ' for you're the prettiest teaolier in this town.' . ? Pomrao a Fine Ppiut on it. — A widow, whoso husband's artistic perceptions hud caused his liouso to bo ologuntly furnished, married his brother. When hor visitors, after tho second marriage, complimented her upon tho beauty of herhouso-furnishing, Bho answored, ' Oh,' yes, my dear brother-in-law bad such exquisite taate3 !' 