Optical Wondors? Pnoi-ESHon Poppor and Mr." J. J. WnlIter, of Europoan reputation, ara giving their ontortainmont at the Sydnoy School of Arts. Of it Tho Engineer writes :— '. " Mr. ':' Walker's 7 illusion is really far moro marveilbiiH ,;, than that which preceded it. It 'woiild be hardly fair just yot to explain how it isdono, but a statomont of what is done will serve to provo our assbrtion that this is tho most astonishing scientific illusion yot produced. On tbo principal stage, in the centre, at the back, 'suited up a small secondary stago, ronchod from tho first by a broad flight of half tt dozen stops. This Bncondnry stago is well lighted by concealed lamps. Tlio principal stage is part ot tlio time lighted, part of the time dark. On tlio : Bocendory or Binall stage is placed an arm chair. Tho lecturer roads a pa?sago from < Macbeth,' and as he docs so, the main stage being darkoncd, and the armchair in tlio light, we bogin to scij a formless Homothing in tho chair,;'As wo watch it, it takes Bubslnnco, and7so ; out of nothing we find that the ghost of Banquo has been formed bur eyes, and sits iv the chair. Thb ghost I rises, walks forward, and then Bto,;p. Tho footlights nro turned np, and it'.ia sceu that tho apparent ghost is .'solid flesh and blood. Ho retires; rotrbatH himsolf in the choir,' ond grailunlly, before our oyea, dissolves into thin air and vanishes, Tho chair remains all the time. Thon an open work-basket in suspended from tho roof by a single wire. Some 50 oranges placed in this vanish slowly before our eyec, and arc as slowly replaced by holf-n-upsien pots of marmalade A pedestal is put on tha secondary stage, and on it a husi shapes itself by degrees out of nothing, nnd tho said bust is then lifted off it and carried down tn tho footlights. Many other . things ovo dono, but the effects is Ihn Ba.tno in all. If the bust appeared suddenly on tho pedestal j or if the oranges vanished in a moment, it might bo said that it was a little moro than, a trick of legerdemain. Thp peculiarity hero is that wo boo tho bust in the octof forming itsolf out of nothing, while tho oranges vanish slowly before our eyes boebming fainter and fainter till thoy ' aro gone. It is quite impossible to giro any adequato idea of tho mental effect produced by this illusion. Those who are iri wont oi a now sensation will do woll to ace and form thoir own ideas ccrtWming it. Nor has tho climax been reached ; the princip'c involvod is capable of further development, and Mr. Wnlkor is now constriiiting apparatus by which the follpwing effect will bo pro duced : —An artist appoars sketching from a lay figure—that it is a lay figury, pains ore taken to provo to tho audience. ? Tho artist, fatigued, falls nsloepj thou tbo lay figuro cpruos to lifo, and deliber ately takes tho artist to pieces, carrying bis head, log*, arms, and body dpwn to footlights.- This dpno, tho lay figuro takca thorn all back agnin j puts them together, and Ihe artist. waken np, behoving that ho has bad a'fearful dre,asu t Tho lay figure is n lay figaro onco moro. Thoso who ore fniii'liur with tho law of optics will find fool for thought in Mr. Wiilkei's invention which is ns ingenious as tho fltorcscoji",'! A Littjo Too Easy.—Di-iitidt?''Aha / There's tho littlo joker. Jt'eome out ensy, didn't it?" Putknt: "Idiot I Blockhead!.; That's the faku tobili'Jl j>uid, two guiutias', M liuvc nut; <u ?'? \itf oftw d?yf? ? ?'-.' ?'*.' , ---' 