VICTORIA. £From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, June 12. Major Smith's speech at Ballarat yester day indicated that it was the intention of the Government to introduce an amended Education Act, rendering the compulsory system more complete. Selectors are expressing dissatisfaction at the manner of conducting the enquiry into applications for land at Mount Macedon. Mr. Woods s speech at Stawell was a success. The Melbourne Mint on Monday issues a new silver coin. Meetings at Ballarat, Geelong, and Sand hurst, of the shareholders of the Australian and European Bank have endorsed the pro ceedings taken in Melbourne. A meeting of tradesmen was held last night to arrange for a demonstration on Mr. Berry's arrival. It is to include a torchlight procession, and the presentation of an address. The weather is fine and bracing. 7.30 p.m. The writ for the election of a member Jcr JFitzroy has been issued. The nomlna si&B; is fixed for the 19th inst., the polling ft.? the 25th, and the return of the writ for the 30th. Mr. Gray is thought to be the most likely to be successful. It ib understood that the Associated Banks consent to give the necessary assis tance to enable the Australian and Euro pean Bank to revive its business im mediately. The report of the Manager respecting tne country feraneues is satis factory. The mail steamer Assam cleared out this afternoon with a fair sprinkling of pas sengers. She has gold and specie on board valued at £55.000. A poorly attended opeB°ssr meeting of unemployed was htM ?t Eastern Hill this morning. Mr. Fairharst, who is well known in connection with such movements, was the principal speaker. He proposed calling on the Government to afford work and free passes on the railways to places where employment is obtainable. Some adverse criticism was evoked, and Mr. Fairhurst was charged with agitating for political purposes against Mr. Berry, which he repudiated. The proposition was carried. It was also decided to open an office where the ttnemploy ed might register their names. The administration of the estate of Chas. Cavenagh, the late boxkeeper at the Theatre Royal, has been granted by the Equity Court. The estate is valued*at £1,864. The eases at the Nisi Prius sittings are unimportant. The Railway Department has directed legal proceedings to be taken against several parties for sinoMog in carriages contrary to the regulations. Mr. Wood's system of charging the public for passing the barriers on to the railway platforms has proved to be a failure. The monster deputation which threatened to wait on Mr. Longmore to protest against the system of adjudicating upon the claims of selectors in the Mount Macedon district has collapsed. The Board appointed for the purpose has reported to the Postmaster-General that a registered letter, which was re ceived at the head office, had been opened and the notes extracted. There is no clue to the delinquent. A change in the system is recommended. Gately, the hangman, and his wife, hfeve both been sentenced to imprisonment for dimskenness and disorderly conduct. Breadstufis are quiet. Flour, £11 17s. 6d. to £12 ; wheat, 5s. 7d ; oats, 3s. ljd. to Ss. 2d. ; maize. 3s. 4d. to 3s. 5 Jd. 11.5 p.m. The Australian Coursing Club Meeting was brought to a termination to-day on the Werribee Estate. Mr. John Wagner won the Cup and 500 sovereigns with the Styx, a first season dog by Charon out of Whim sical. The runner up was Mr. J. Horslin's Bacchus by Royal Water oat of Avalinia. The purseVas won by Mr. Winch's Watch man ; Mr. Rounsevell, of Adelaide, run ning second with Radical. Melbourne, June 13. Final arrangements for the reception of Mr. Berry have been made. He is to land at Williamstown on Tuesday afternoon, where addresses will be presented to him. A special train will convey him to Mel bourne. At the Spencer-street Railway Station Mr. Berry will be met by delegates of the Reform League. The Trades Unions intend in the evening to have a torchlight procession, with bands playing. They will proceed to the Treasury, where more ad diesees of congratulation will be presented. The electric light will be used to illuminate the proceedings-. Lady JSTormanby's health is extremely precarious. Sir F. F. Mueller wa3 entertained at a complimentary banquet last evening, in celebration of the dignity of knighthood recently conferred upon him. The Germans at Sandhurst celebrated last night the Emperor of Germany's golden wedding. Mr. Krupp was present. Professor Pepper, of the ghost illusion celebrity, is shortly expected in Melbourne. The weather is dull. 7.20 p.m. Mr. Zox, the member for East Mel bourne, cent in his resignation to tk; Speaker to-day. His mercantile affairs have been satisfactorily settled, and he has taken this step as a matter of honor. He seeks re-election by bis constituents. It is understood that he is retiring from busi ness. Wiberg and Pearce, charged with the Avoca gold robbery, were brought before the Police Magistrate to-day. The Crown Prosecutor applied for a remand, urging that important witnesses were coming from Ceylon. Mr. Fisher, on behalf of the accused, protested against the adjourn ment as being contrary to British law. The remand was granted, and the prisoners vrere sent back to gaol. The affairs of the Australian and Euro pean Bank are progressing satisfactorily. The men who have reported themselves at the vestibule of the Theatre Royal as unemployed purpose presenting the list to Mr. Berry on his return. Mr. Fairhurst, on behalf of the working men wanting employment, sought an inter view with Sir B. O'Loghlen to-day with a deputationrespectingthe present grievances, but he was emphatically denied an audience. The Mayor of Melbourne has asked thie Acting Chief Secretary to build a house inside of Pentridge for the accommodation of Gately, the hangman, who is considered to le unfit to be allowed at large, owing to his drunken and infuriate habits. He was told that the matter would be referred to Mr. Berry. - By private advices it appears that Mr!, Berry's health was precarious, and on leaving home he was suffering severely from rheumatic gout. The voyage has fcowever almost completely restored him to Lealth. Mr. Hayter has been obliged to return with him 'owing to^the state of his health. ' : A public meeting will be held at Fitz^ roy to-morrow night to hear the viewa of candidates. A mendicant supposed to be suffering from crippled joints in several of his limbs has been arrested. He offered such a stub torn resistance that it required two police-: men to effect his capture. It was evident that he had been shamming, and he was sent to gaol. ' Doubts are entertained of Lady Nor-' manby's recovery. The climate disagrees with her. A suspicious- looking craft left the Bay yesterday with four men who were not on the ship's articles. It is suggested that they were the Kelly gang. The attention of the police has been directed to the fact. Breadstuff s are firm. Flour, £11 15s. to £12; wheat, 5s. £d.j oats, 3s. Id. to Ss. 26\. j and maize, 3s. 5d. 