THVRSDA V, APRIL 3, 1879. flBIO: TIOO. Some discussion has arisen in the town upon an article entitled ' Muni cijtal Ekxmomy,' which appeared in our local contemporary's issue of March 25. A notice of motion lias beeu lodged in the Council to increase Mr. . Flynn's salary, and it has been decided to ap point a rate collector to assist him. The reasons for the action of the Council are, we presume, that the 'laborer' (iii the person of Mr. Flynn) is worthy of his hire, and that the ' hire ' paid him at present is insuffi cient for the services he has performed in the past and is ]-erforming at the present. Their reason for apjKtinting a rate collector is, we also presume, be cause it is impossible for one man, be he ever so good, todo the work required in a satisfactory manner. The princi pal argument used by our contemporary against both of these contemplated actions of the Counoil is that the pre sent depressed state of the colony and the town is not the proper time to do cither one or the other. But, when it can be shown that the revenue, so far from being affected by the bad state of trade, is actually incroamng every year, and that hist year it reached £4000, the highest it e.ver attained — the argu ment falls to the ground. Besides, it is very unfair to expect Mr. Flynn to do three men's work even for the, pur pose of doing what our contemporary says — spending the money on street improvements. Mr. Flynn has per formed the labors of what previously required two or throe men to do, hut uufortunately it is too much the fashion to 'ride the willing horse to death.' When a man works, as he him done, in the service of the Council, not only in pro|-er office hours, liut over and over again till long |-a.st midnight, until his heath has Severn! tunas given, way, it is time, we submit, for the Council to re cognise the faithful services performed, and give adequate remuneration. And the above arguments hold good, also, with regard to the appointment of a rate collector. If one is required— and we understand the position will be no sinecure whoever gets it — then he ought to be obtained; and, as our corres (tondent ' Ratepayer ' put it, he would very soon recover the amount of his salary, and be oorutautly placing sums to the credit of the munici{iality. As, perhaps, the Itost answer that could be given to the objections raised, Alder man M'Leish has luuuled us the follow ing statement of the affairs of the Council. Our rendera will draw their own conclusions therefrom, an they 'read, mark, l(«rn, mid inwardly digest' its conteots. The statement gives the amount of revenue collected in each year since* t\\\\\\\ incorporation of the innnicipality, the salary average on the revenue, the /salaries paid, and the narne of the Mayor :— 1861.— The iwenucwas £700 0« 2d ; salary average, 25 per cent. ; salary — Town Clork, £L75 ; nmyor, Mr. W. H. Groom. 1862.— Revenue, .£1111 4s 7d ; 15f per cent. ; Tovrn Clerk, £175 ; mayor, Mr. Groom. 1863.— Ravenue, £1358 0s 3d ; 18 J percent. ; saWies — Town Clerk, £200 ; engineer or overseer, £50 ; mayors — Mr. A. H. Thompson, aud Mr. w. H. Groom from May. 1864— Revenue, £1518. 13s 2d ; 26}' per oent. ; salaries— Town Clark, £200 ; engineer, £200 ; Mr. Groom, mayor. , ' . ? 1865 — Revenue, £24,7(5 (3s 4d ; 13J per oent. (Flynn collector) '; salaries — Town Clerk, £260; rate collector, £70 ; Mr. T. O. Robinson, mayor. 1866.— Revenue, £3022 U 9d ; In J-er cent. (Flynn collector) ; salaries — Town Clerk, £200 ; town engineer, £250 ; Mr. E. W. Robinson*, mayor. (The endowment for. the foregoing yearn up to Hbvcmlter was £ for £.) 1867.— Revenue, £2734 8s 2d; over 13 per oent. ; salaries— Town Clerk, £200 ; town engineoer, £100 ; rate ooJIectar, £60 ; Mr. Groom, mayor. 1868.— Bjevemre,' £2073 19s Id; nearly 191 pbt oent; salaries— Town Clerk, £200,; .town engineer, £100; rate collector, £100ij Mr. Wonderley, mayor. , i i , l808-TrBefenue, £1083 it fid; 2S| per cent; wlftrlei— Town Clerk £200, Town Bneinegr £100,, Bate. Collartbr, CJItti Mr. WoiMerlejr, niaybr. - ' 167O.~T-Rerenue,£l784 Iis7di over 28 per cent; eaUriw— Tjown Clerk teJUlpl^VBate CoIIeotol £100; M^MWyor. I J Ppiniie £1540 8|7d ; ]0i perlaBgljf Bafcries— Town OU|c £200, JUtejKll5pfor(di8ohargedJulj)£100; , Mr. Bower, mayor. (Endowment from 1867 to Novem- ' ber, 1871— 10a to the £.) 1872.— Revenue, £1621 lit lid; nearly 12 per oent; Town Cleri, £200; Mr. Oodsall, mayor. 1873— EeFenue, £1788 18i 9d ; Hi I5SLH& ^ ,W £200; Mr JS?4— iBffinue, ^ISP*, 13s; lOfr per cent; Town Clerk, £2X); Mr. Aland.^iror/ r 1875.— Berenue, £1792 2« Hi ; 11* per cent ; ♦CoSra -3lerk,: £2 K) ; Mr. Aland, Mayor. 1876, -Kevcnue, £1994 15s lOd ; 10 per cent ; Town Clerk, £2 X) ; Mr. Garget, mayor, (Endowment from 1872 to 1876 in- ' , cloeiVe^-Se to the £; endowment ceased ?Noveinbur, 1876.) 1877.— Borenue,^E383t 8a 7d; 6\ k per cent; Town flprk, £250; Mr. I' G«rget, mayor, ll I i 1878\. — RevenuoVj£407O..le 9d; ^ nearly 6 1-9 per ceijt; Town Clerk, £250 ; Mr. Garget, mayor. (Endowment the last two year* £ for £.) ^ In addition to the fa&going; inform- | '% ation, we learn the follning nets from ^ statements supplied torus:— The en dowments on land «Wd oompriaed » large portion of the revenue from 18G2 to 18 70. The Government granta for public works are not included in the above revenue. The salary average for the hut 7 years was 9£ per cent. With reference to a statement mode in a letter from 'Ratepayer,' which was published in the D. D. Gazette of the 26th March, it appears that com promises have been effected on only three occupied properties from April, 1866— the time at which Mr. Flynn became Town Clerk. The rates due to the 3 let December last amounted to £2532, accumulated from the incor poration of the muncipality (I860), in cluding the rates on properties lease I for the recovery of same at an annual nominal rent of Cd, and properties ad vertised but not leased, together with of course unimproved lands and those of absentees. Mr. Flynn was ap poiutod rate collector on the 1st Mny, 1865; and Town Clerk on the 1st April, 1866 ; the rates in arrear to December, 180 i, being £508 16b Od. It will be seen from the foregoing that from the years 1863 to 1866 iu clusive, when the revenue ranged per year from about £1350 to £3000, two officials were employed, the united salaries amounting respectively to £250, £(00, £330, and £450, and the mayors during that period being re spectively Messrs. Thompson and Groom (1863), Groom, T. G. Bobin aon, and B. W. Robinson. The salary average in those years was respectively 18?,, 26 J, 13i, and 15 per cent. ; the two latter years— '65 and '63 — being the periods when Mr. Flynn acted, and during which the lowest salary aver age of the four years was reached; the highest salary average being^ during Mr. Groom's mayoralty, whou it reached 261 per cent. Again, from 1867 to 1870 inclusive, three officers were employed by the Council, the united salaries amounting to £360 in the first-mentioned year, and to £400 the other three, the salary average being 13, 19 i, 20|, and 23 per cent., and the mayors being re spectively Messrs. Groom, Wonderley (two years), and Spiro. In 1871, two officers were employed by the Council, their united salaries amounting to £300, the salary average being 19 J per cent. The rate collec tor was discharged in July of that year. Since that time Mr. Flynn has been the sole officer of the Council, for flvo years drawing a salary of £200 per annum, and during the lost two years £250 per annum. The mayors during those seven years have beeu Messrs. GndtutU, 8piro, Aland (two years), and Garget (three voars). The salary average ranged from 12 down to C-\ and a little over 6 per conr., the avo ri«»e during the seven years being only Ojper cent. 'The foregoing particulars will enable our renders to arrive at a pretty fair conclusion iw to whether the pro'noiwi's tn increase Mr. KjyiinVmilary by £.*l) and appointii rale collector arc founded on jiitft reasiMiN. It appair* to in (liny are. It in proved from then ? olli.'ial nhiloiiumtN that the r6vunui- nevur before reached pitch n sum aw that of last vear ; that the average rato of salary in the revenue -has beem at it* lowest during the lut«ev«n,auJ particularly the last two yean, being: only about 6 per cept. ; that for a period , of &vq; years two officers were employed by the Gouneil, andjpr four years thret i officer*, the higheM united salaries, paid tiaring amounted to £100 aa3 £150 por annum;. aud that the highest average of salary to tsvenu* was reached in 1804, the t*te«&Ajf; 261 per cent., Mr. W. H. Groom being Mayor; : In conclusion, we wonW simply re mark that, even with the proposed in creasos, tlio unUod salaries of the Town Clork dill liate Collector wilf only amount to £425, which w5ll prove, we have not tliqalSghtest doubt, to bo inonoy well spent. It must also be remembered that the revenue is a ? reliable oue, and inore&ling; yearly; eitfo, the* work ia inoraaaingi f Attack bt Blacks on '9nm»aK,— Oa Tuesday, April % th«feids))8eorf^ry for Miaes taoeiveA ? telegram , from Warden Sellhatm. M»ytbwn, reporting that about l^bl*fl^»t^^,»p^e^'3^ihg near on tii« JMlihtnd ?B«ochi {fta«8r-rivor, on SatMftt«^Uit,«bdt-e(ltgVlthii!fiVt inm«t« for about d* faonrp. TU) bUnete kiUsd oat and ?wotmilsd ab6ttt W W'Jfc*- 4bdrkiiul», l^^«^tw^p^^Moae4 for ^ ?— ? ° Tm ?'Oi«smt' Daily.— Prom 'Our 'Tho ?rant of the week is the duly/Mae of the D.&Qautte;, To have a paper every day for fpenny is something tb *-r thankful for, eapeoially so good and newsful a paper.' Tbe West ? Our own correspondent, writ. ing from Ward Rivor, March 24, informs us (hat more rain had visited the Western dig. triots sinoe he last wrote to us. ' Enough hag fallen for tho present, and more rain would domon harm than good. Some of the creeks \ )?KfB not been running, for the pest four years, and now they ore regular uonk&s.; It js eei toinlyah uncommonly good season. Owuors : tie holding on to their fat stock, waiting for a change in the market. Mush, of a change jahardh; expected, however, the season having' dm so good that any quantity of fat Rtook will have to leave those districts. Little or no proving is now done, and the oonseqnenoe ll that men ore, by this means as well as pthers, deprived of employment. The only fat slock ha passed upon tlia northern road were two mobs of fat cattle— one for the Aramae, of 400 head, en'i oufe for Dalby, oon signed to Messrs B. D. Moreheod and Co., Brisbane ; the other a mob offiho Wilson Arrer, consisting of 860 head,' consigned to Uessrs.CHlohrist, Watt, and Co. These mobs treallthe Htook he saw orheardof on the road 800 miles from Bom*. SrjrrosF.n Murubr— A report of n dread fully cold-blooded munler, said to have hap pened at Wittown, on the Barcoo River, has reached us. The information is not suffi cient to rely upon, but our correspondent promises full particulars in his next letter. ki momc. — The Toowoomba Freemasons have been invited by their Warwick brethren to attend the laving of the foundation stone of the new Masonic Hall in Warwick, which event takes place on the 23rd April. All those brethren in Toowoomim wishing to attend the same, arc requested to forward their names to thu secretory or the W.M. of the Southern Cross Lodge, as soon as pos sible. U.VKUPI.OVKD.— Our correspondent, travel ling in the western districts, gives a, sad ac count of the numbers of unemployed men there. He attributes the dearth of labor partly to the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank, the stations nn tho Barcoo being inter ested in that unfortunate institution. Many of the stations that used to employ as many as 100 men in different ways do not at pre sent employ ten men. This, and the depres sion in the stook market, have thrown some hundreds of men out of employment. No mau would believe the numbers of able bodied men now travelling in these parts looking for employment and not able to ob tain it. Nor are they likely to get it uutil shearing time. Such a dearth of employ ploytnent lias never before been experienced in the western districts. Howallthesc people are to be supplied ie a question. Chick kt. — a. match will be played on the Anbigny Cricket ground on Saturdays, 5th and 19th of April, between the second eleven of the Anbigny C. C. and the first eleven of the Toowoomba Grammar School C. C. The following are the pUrers chosen to represent the Aobignies :— Messrs. Armstrong, Uarlow, Bennett, Craies, Forbes, Lewis, Marwedel, E. Marwcdel, Roberta, Snell, Warren. Emer senate*— Kerr, Williams. Flay will com menoe at 2 JO p.m. Pb.vcttcai. Kscorrn.tGEMEVT.— I rejoice (writes a frieuil) to sue your ei-tei[-rising spirit in bringing out a daily and a wceltly piper. I wish you every success ; and to back up my wishes, you can put me down as a subscriber to your AgricuUnrhl. The Stats of the Boahs in thr Dalby DigiBtcT ? After all general business was transacted at the Dalby Municipal Council meeting on Tuesday evening, April 1, Alder man O'Brien drew attention to a matter that has been long neglected and requires immediate at tention, vii!., the state of the roads leading from Dalby to the varioiiB surrounding ebt'ions, especially the road to St. Ruth's. Why it should be called a road we know not, as it is puqpiy a blacfc-eofl track. He mentioned that, as he was coming in the other day, he passed a boggy with pair of horned coming hi from St. Ruths' Station, and tho horses had fairly pulle I the polo to pieces, and the driver liad erentnally to leave the bngpy bohind him nud come in on horseback. In course of conversation on the subject it transpired that not one (Ingle |iound had been spent on the so-called roads in that neighborhood for years, and that, though some time a|o, £300 was voted for the road between Dalby and Aubjgny.not a shilling of it had been spout. Supposing it had been spent in that locality, is it a fair share o( tbe public money when one thinks of the Urge amount voted and spent elsewhere - The road totlut Bunya Mountains .is.varytad, though the land there was as good as at Toowoombn. Alderman O'Brien stated, sw his opinion, that hod buoU land as that alluded to, been as near Toowoomba as it is to Driby, there would have been a railway theretofore this; that the land there was Fetily good ; that he had to pay 85s par 100ft ? fox pine in Dalby, which came from Too ?»oottt-a, while there was plenty both of pine and cedar jn tbe nighborhood. The impais . able state oj the roads, however, prevented ' ita being brought to Dalby. He then gave '. ttMblatfpbOOb (*hioh appeared to be en dorsed by all, present) that were the M.L.A's I* tile1 town and dlstriot, as active as those in the neighborhood of Toowoomba, or the .'Idoai paper' Menergetlo as the f rons of Too. woombiv, the thoroughfares would not be in' the itrte they now are. ' htij?tfitAli PiwTKonoic.— The Titnet, in tbe calirsaof anartlole on' German oimipe'tiKou i|nirOn,saS'»:^;Th»a«rmMiE[np')ro it dis. ' jpllfritt$ o $iiposltion to return to the prin 'uhflei of protection. We are heartily »0Try It should be M. If tbe menace be fulfilled, .JBnyUnd willlose a good customer. Germans, howerer, who nrodaoe other things -whioh Bo^ilmf ykinofproaUoB so c'heapV Of -'- well, will go on producing. If they dirhdt care to bay of .Englishmen what their own country has no special capacity for yielding, ' mWW*-* «e-t«-D' thoy will, Nevertheless, : not deprive us of -the privilege of jpurpnasingi .frem *?».- Of .that privilege fe^all^' 4awe**«viai«HleN*«. Battue *«ro|riae '? ftrdveneot It «*rtt-iny will enooorage tbe \ preacher* lof reetpweity to beat up lor re. , orolittinUisUviiwde* We hope that trade Vfll have the good sense to remember the long «wme «t, JsMMMfty it Jufl owed to free, trade stopfe Wd'inWuitsrrtei and that it wiU ?ternly rewtfeb «hb tijandishmeut of pro. 'tertian under * fin* nwilt. Tbe ontortnnat* :f»ot th»tth»reareBurope»nmand»rln«iino 'vxaat* for toning «oonDoWning.itreet ,tlie NobtheehDowkiBlmjobiie.— Ththonor- *Mei&4^r«teU3X»llffil&\- Assembly directs it to b^ notified fpr general ipionna-J «ontikt a writ iasiBsuea, and the ftjUotwig1 arraugems4tsjfoperi^e,eii madp,,*»ettievelee tion of amomberitotiecye in tlif pra|ent Iiegis . lative1 As88i»bTj- of Queensland for , tfce elec toral distriot of NpHhem bownn, inrooinpr the hon. Joshua teter BeU, whoso Roatjiithe Assembly has become vacant by reason pf iU reaigtatiiin by the said lion. Joshua Peter BoU:— Pidocbf nomination, 'Miles ; date ot nomination, Thursday, April 10 ; polling day, Thursday, April 17'; return of writ, Thurs day, 'April 84. ? - ' ? : ' Thb' ' Vaoabond' iW ' Troitblk.— About 1 o'clock on Tusttlay drafting,' as Mr. Jallan Thomas, better known as 'the Vagabond, :- Was1 proceeding along Lower Georgn-etreet, he met a pM'ty,jofipioq, wif.h whom, for some cause or other, he eotered into an .altercation. The ' npsjibt was tb*v . }&r.; Thomu was knocked down, and 'received some severe kicks on the body. He would, doubtless, have been seriously maltreated, but that a sailor named Soutbcoinbe, belonging to H.M.8. Emerald, hearing the noise, came to the rescue ; and laying about him .manfully,, soon made the 'land lubbers' fly, and after wards towed the wreck into a port of safety. It is said tjliat spiritualism was the cause of this disturbance, aB tho Ulused jonrnslist has lately been making a fierce onslaught on Dr. SUde. — Kv$nii»j News. , ? Sold.— It goes: without «aying, that the attachment of the European digger for his Chinese rival in' the same industry is not intense. It was, therefore, with some sur prise that a Northern squatter, on coming to a rirer. which had been in heavy flood, but ,was rapidly abating, learned from a party of diggers -encamped ou'the bank that they had no intention of continuing their journey uutil the waters had gone down sufficiently to en able them to recover the body of an uuliieky Chinaman, who, in attempting to cross while tlio flood was at its highest, had been drowned. The following morning 'the squatter, who had camped on the bank over nifpit awaiting the fall of the waters, found the creek marly run dry, and the diggers in great eicitement because the remains of the Chinaman were nowhere discovered. Im pelled by a natural indignation to vent their feelings in speech, their discourse threw con siderable light upon their remarkable and ex oeptiotta.1 regard for a. dead Chinkic. It transpired that tbe Mongolian, who was known to the Europeans' as the lucky posses Bur of over £200 worth of gold) came up with them, as they were awaiting the going iown of the creek, and suavely inquired whether the water was fordable. The noble EuropcauB winked at one another with rapid inspiration, and cheerfully assured their yellow brother that nothing conld be safer. n-us encouraged, and, perhaps, neither car ing to turu back, nor to pass the night with uis white acquaintances while he had £200 worth of gold about him, Ah Chow adven tured the passage, and was drowned in a most business-like aud inevitable fashion. But the heathen had, even after death, ways that arc strange. The white diggers had reckoned that bis gold would serve to anchor aim where he went down, and that on the subsidence of tbe creek they would be able to mark out a claim with reasonable cer tainty. Their indignation was evoked by tbe contrariness of the Chinaman, who had in the most perverse manner drifted from his moorings and escaped their proposed pod murtcm quest. — ' The Man abont Town' in the Sydney tt/iU. Not one of the Keli,v.s. — Some few lights ago (says the Oocns Adncrtitcr) a per son on horseback arrived at a certain hotel not a hundred miles from Wangaratta, at ibout I or S o'clock on Sunday morning, lad asked if he could be accommodated with juartore for himself and horse. The land lord replied in the affirmative. Tbe traveller was introduced to the gentleman who leases the stables in connection, with the hotel, and isked him to have a drink. After talking of that never-failing subject, the weather, the conversation turned upon the exploits of the Kelly gang, when the stranger said that the gang oonsistcil of a lot of fine fellows. The suspicions of the master of the stables were iroused, and he imagined that the rncu was no other than one of tbe notorious gang. The horse placed in tho stables was after wards minntely examined, and wonder [ul to atate, it was discovered to be a Government animal. This startl ing fact also lent additional weight to tho stablekeeper's suspicious ; and then there was the reward of the very handeomc sum of £2000 to anyone who would be in strumental in the capture of any ono member of the gang, and he resolved to tell the police ill the circumstances. The result of such information was that three members of the force (bade up their tnindB to effect the stranger's capture ; so, with this intent, they ba-lo for th.c room of the Bnpposed outlaw, who, strange (o Bay, iu a public hotel, aud in a populous place, was sweetly enjoying the very great blessing of a good sound sleep, when he was rudely awakened from his peaceful slnmbers by a still strong arm seiz ing him by the throat, - and nearly on the verge of shoking him. Another constable had 'been stationed at the lower extremities, whilst anbtber held ft revolver' tremulously in his hands at the bedroom door, so as to stop all egress from the apartment. Then there was a lull } and judge of the astonishment of the myrmidons of the law when they dis ocvered - that the supposed bushranger was ?to other than a special constable on the. same mission as themselves— namely, in trying to capture the Kellys. OlW Booth. — A nose show lately took place in n little town of Austria. Tho largest a)ul ugliest got the first price. There were three -]irizos. Eighty noses competed for the prizes, None of them, wo think, how ever, would have stood a ghost of a chance with 'Old Boots, 'of Ripon, who was known in the eighteenth contury us boot-cleaner to a hostel in that town. He was remarkable for a very long nose, curving downwards, and extending an inch and a quarter beyond his lips, aW ft chin which extended straight before him, and almost mat his nose.i When visitors at the inn gave him a gratuity, he received it on his chin and held it fast there with his nosp till he deposited it in hit mbney-bo)c. With his nose ho could rub his chin, land used to create great diversion among HtUe servant-maids by attempting to 'kits them, a feat ho novor fconld accomplish. He turned Ms face sideways to get a. kiss, and his nose atad ohm caught the rosy ohoeks like ? pair of ontfeolaw*. But to kiss was *tt impossibility t 'for whan he bad thus {?ttened ibsdamiel, his tooutU was open, 