ENG-LISH AND EOEEIGrN ITEMS. ?''.?'?, ?The Emperor and Empress of Brazil intend to contributor 10 per cent, of .their income to wards the reduction of the deficit in the national funds. ? ' ? ' . The Gorman Government -estimates the revenuo to beiderived from the new protective duties — supposing thorn to bo approved, by the Imperial Parliament— at about £5,000,000. , Tub Duko of Norfolk has (says the Sheffield Telegraph) subscribed £20,000 towards the erection of a New Koman. Catholic church on the site of tho present Oratory at Brompton. BtraoHKna' meat in London is Belling at 9Jd. per lb. to large consumers all round, and the wholesale prico 8s. Gd. per stono of 14 lbs. Surely there is an opening for some of our srr plus meat there, « A lettkb from New York gives an .account of a new electric lamp invented by Mr. Edison. Tho first practical exhibition of it has just boon made in the presence of a few friends, who expressed unqualified delight at what they saw. Tub Btriko in the Durham coal trade has extended largoly. Horo than 6,000 of the men who had voted against a strike passed over to tho other side shortly after. A number of non unionists 'are 'amongst the colliers who havo struck, and they are to bo assisted by the union for ' their manly conduct.'. Tub first instalment of the £10 call made by the official liquidator on the shareholders of th* 'West of England and South Wales District Bank was fairly well responded to. ' It wits expected that: the whole of the dividend of £1,500,000 will havo been shortly distributed,1 somo 25,600 creditors having alroady received their warrants) ? Tub Mikado of Japdn has road his Ministers a lecture on their extravagance and luxury,' after entertaining them at a banquet. The Primo Minister has accordingly,' says a tele gram from Yokohama, issued an order for the cessation of all superfluous expenditure in the development of commerce, and stopped the ex penditure for public works. ''..'' The liquidators of the City of Glasgow. Bank have issued an official statement to the effect' that the deficiency of the assets of the bank will exceed six millions, and , they are of , opinion! that a call of £2,250 per share, in addition, to the £500 already called, will be required,' and: of this thty demand payment on the 22nd, instant. : : . ? r : ?: . Sir M. Hicra-BnACK received lately a depu tation representing ten Chambers of Commerce in Yorkshire, who laid before him various com plaints as to the operation of the new Cauadian tur)ff on tho productions in which they were interested. The Colonial Secretary said he would consider the adviBableneBS of mpl-'.ng a representation to the Canadian Government on tho subject. ; . Peactical joking is not always nnattemded with danger to the perpetrator, 'as is evident from an event which ocourred lately at Suze (Sarthe). A man named Verle wrapped himself in a white aheet to frighten some girls, and so fur succeeded that'1 they all ran away screaming except one, who aimed a revolver at the pre tendud ghost and fired six shots. Verle fell dead, one of the bullets having passed through his heart. : A NUMisEnof gontlemon assembled on April 13 at tho tolegraph office, Viotoria Station, Man cheater, for tho purposo of hearing, by means of the Crossley TelephOHeTransmittor,the ordinary Sunday morning service at the Square Ciiapel, Halifax. The words uttered by the officiating minister, the Rev. Dr. Mellor, were, according to tho Manchester Courier, heard at .'ntorval* quite distinctly, and the musical portion of the service very clearly. By all proscnt the experi moit -was pronounced a success. M. Guevy sent a telegram to the Emperor of Russia, immediately on tho receipt of the news of the latest attempt on his Majesty's life, and expressing his! warm and sincere congratula tions upon tho Czar's escape/ M. Waddin'gtou requested General Chanzy, tho French Arabaa-' sador at St. Petersburg; to ropeat personnlly to tho Emperor, in the name of the President of tho Eepublic and the French Governmont,'.the assuranco of their deep sympathy with his Majesty. ;? .'??.'?? ; ? ' At the Congress of Co-operative Societies, held at Gloucester, on April 16, the Central Board submitted their annual report, which showed that, deBpite the depression of trade, the Co-operative Societies hp.'d progressed in all departments. With regard to Sir C. Russell's committee respecting Co-operative Societies, the secretary was prepared, with statistics to meet any attempt to obtain a recommendation that such sooieties should be subject to income tax on profits which have to bo distributed among persons exempt from paying it. The Liberia Coffeo Company (Limited) has been established, with a capital of £150,000, in £10 shareB, for the purpose of acquiring several important coffeo estates in Liberia, comprising togbther 2,900 aores. About 100 acres are already under cultivation, and a considerable number of young trees are ready for planting this year. When the estates are fully plantod they -will show an average of 400 trees per ? aore, or upwards of a million' trees. ?' It is estimated that from 1886 the whole of the estates will yield at least 8 owis. per aoro, which, after making ample allowance for all ox pensca, -would give more than 76 por cent, upon the issued capital. The first issue of 7,500 share*, upon which a dividend at tho rato of 6 per cent, per annum for tho first three years is guaranteed by tho vendors, ia offered to tho publio. A conitBSPONDKNT of the Ncue Zurieher Zt'\\. tung, writing from Zigdidi, in tho government of tho Caucasus, on tho 4th of April, describes a shocking massaore of Jews whioh occurred in the village of Sdtschchori, in that neighbour hood. At tho boginning of the month it ap pears that the body of a child was found in u wood, and seven Jews of the place were accused by tho Cnri»tiau villagers of having killed or socreted it for their Easter sacrifice. They were arrested, and taken before tha dis trict judgo, but immediately dismissed, as it was testified by a medical witness that tho child had died from natural causes, aud that fr.hn Tvminr1»l fmiiid r\n thn t-n,]» ...~..n IT-— ? !_ ol wild animals. Rejoicod at tho iesue of their trial, thu Israelites of tho villago assembled at the house of ono of their number to oelebrate tho event by a dinner ; but in tho midst of their feasting they wore surrounded by a p*rty of Christian villagers, who burst into the house axo in hand, killed six of the inmates on the spot, and grievously wounded many more. The narrator of the incidont alleges that the' priest1 of the Greek Church of Satsohoheri 'was the instigator of this act of ferocious fanaticism. ? Danokk* or the Stiikkts.— Under the titlo of tho ' New Parisian Eleotrio Pipelijjhts,' a number of itinerant vendors are, it seems, sell ing in thu struots of tho metropolis smtill brass boxes containing throe or four rodlets of metal lic sodium, an inch long and one-tenth of an' iuoh square. The method of using those lightk, whioh aro Bold at u penny a box, is simple. ? A morsel of tho raotal is pinched oil' and placed on a piece of vapor, which has first been moiBteued with water or saliva. The sodium of oourso in flames and sets alight to the paper. The riiik toporeonand property that will bo caused by tho indiscriminate distribution of such a v-ry dangerous nmtorial as metnllio sodium, whioh oven skilled ohemista are obliged to. handle with the greatest oaro, is obvious to all who know its properties. Tho Chemical Kerns mon t'oua that on u forinor oocasion it called atton tion to thii evil of allowing the open sale of metallio sodium in toy shopg under the name of 'Satan's Tears,' and it believes a stop was put to it by the police In the present instanoe the danger is much greater, inasmuch as any ur chin who has a ponny to spare baa it iu his power to sot half a Btreet in flames at 'a' moment's ootioo.— Thi Sanitary Secord. 