GOD'S TESTIMONY AGAINST ROMISH PURGATORY. By SIGNOR GIOVANNI FERRERO, BB.L. The Council of Trent establishes the dogma of purgatory on the dogma "that Christ has delivered the believers from the guilt, but not from the penalty due to our sins" (Con. Trid. Sess. vi. can. 30), and with a paradox exhibiting the most wonderful contradiction, the Council of Trent endorses the Canon of the Council! of Florence in which the dogma of Purgatory was decreed as a dogma important to salvation, for, quicumque non credideiit anathema sit (whosoever shall not believe it let him be damned f) The text of the Councils is as follows:—" There is purgatory in which the souls redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ (?) havetosufferafterthislifeinorder to complete the atmement of their sins, and fit themselves for heaven. (See Bellarm. De Purgatorio lib. 1, cap. xv. and Concil Florent.) Now have the souls of the departed been redeemed by the blood of Christ or not ? If they have been why then shall they be purged by the fire of purgatory if the blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, has cleansed them from all their sins 1 If they have been cleansed from all their sins, to send them to purgatory for an extra purgation or expiation would be to doubt the efficacy of the blood of Christ, and such doubt contradicts the testimony of God's Word, asserting the plenary and sufficient value of Christ's atonementto purge us from our sins, as He did, according to Hebrews iii. 1st verse, " When He had by Himself purged our sins, sat down at the right hand of the Majesty on high." Therefore if the guilt or sins are cleansed in virtue of His blood, if His blood has power to cleanse us from all unrighteousness, it follows that there remains no more sin to pardon, no more guilt to punish, no more pain to suffer by the departed believer. But Papal Rome asserts that though the guilt is removed by the death of Christ, yet the penalty due to the guilt is not removed. That penance must be done to atone for our sins, and dying without having completed to the utmost all the penance that our sins deserve, purgatory is the place to finish the task of purification by fire. Human reason, even without God's word against the argument, pities such logic and reasoning. If the guilt has been removed, on what ground has the penalty to be inflicted 1 If Christ has borne on the cross the penalty due to our sins, why shall God punish them still ? Has Christ died for our sins according to Scriptures or not ? Scriptures say He did ; but if souls are sent to Purgatory to suffer for the penalty due to their sins, then Christ's sacrifice has not cleansed them from all their sins, and, therefore, Christ's blood has not sufficient efficacy to blot them out. Thus, on the hypothesis only, that Christ's blood (and blasphemous anti- evangelical hypothesis) cannot cleanse from all sins, the penalty to endure in purgatory would be quite legal. But then how limited would bo the streams of mercy and grace—yea, of Divine righteousness— flowing from the sacred wounds of the Lamb of God, of whom the Scripture says, "which taketh away the sin of the world." Is not Rome with such dogma nullifying God's blessed provision towards repentant sinners, who approach the new and living way to enter the Holiest, not through the fire of purgatory, but by the blood of Jesus, by a new and living way which He has consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say. His flesh (Heb. x. 19, 20). If the penalty is not remitted and pardoned, what mean 1 those words, " Your sins I will remember no more ?" What would a child say to his father who goes penitent to him and says, " Father, I have sinned "I " Well, my boy, I am glad you confess it; go, I pardon you." The boy will believe with joy the words of grace. But suppose the father after a while says, " My boy, I must flog you, not for the sin I have forgiven, but for the penalty due to it," surely the poor boy would feel very unthankful for such a metaphysical pardon. Yea, if all satisfactory penalty is for the guilt when the penalty has been paid, either personally or substitutionally,*or vicariously, the guilty person is justified. Even according to the Canonical Law, the axiom 11 qui per alium facit per se ipsum facere videtvs" (who acts through another acts for himself) is recognised as a lawful maxim in every case of substitution, either for good or for evil. Now let us see what application of the canonical axiom the Word of God makes in favour of the souls of those who departed believing in the virtue of the blood of Jesus Christ their Saviour. Isaiah says, " Surely he Has borne our griefs and carried our sorrows, yet we did esteem Him stricken, smitten of God and afflicted; but lie was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripeB we are healed (liii. 4,5). Let us listen to Peter, 1st Epistle, ii. 24 verse : " Who (Jesus) His own self bare our sins in HiB own body on the tree, that we being dead to sins should live unto righteousness, by whose stripes we are healed." Now, if God is faithful to His own word (I tremble with reverence in using the conditional if in speaking of God ; but I use it just in the sense that a loving mother will use it to a disobedient child, when she appeals to it in terms of endearment, " Dearest child, if I am your mother, honor my word") for God is faithful, how can He look at Christ as the propitiation for our sins, as our substitute, as His Lamb slain for us, and say, " the sins are purged, but the chastisement due to them was not fully borne." How can the Holy Ghost, through Peter, endorse the prophetical statement of Isaiah, and say, "His stripes were not sufficient to pay the penalty due to your: sins, and• you must, pass through'the firs of tmrgatory to obtmin the remission of them." I write in Italics the blasphemy in order it should be Been . and judged in its true character. Paul tpi the Romans comforts the believer by saying, " There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ JesuB" (viii. 1.) who is no longer under condemnation, ifl no longer subject to the penalty, and Tertullian, commenting on the passage, logically concludes, " The guilt having been removed, the penalty 1B also." (lib. DeBaptis. cap. iii.) Which is confirmed by another Scripture from the Epistle to the ColossianB, ch. ii. 13,14, " And you being dead in your sins and the Tincircumcision of your flesh hath He quickened together with Him, having forgiven you all trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to His cross." Now, if God declares that He has forgiven all our trespasses and that He has abolished and blotted out the law of penalty which was--against us, if follows; that we are passod from death unto life, and "wo shall not come unto judgment (see the Douay Bible transl. John v. 24 ;) how then are we condemned to fire in purgatory before we are judgedP For trial precedes judgment, and judgment condemnation, and condemnation the execution of the sentence ; and even when the sentence is pronounced there is always a lapse of time before its execution. But Papal Rome, without Scriptural warrant, sends to the excruciating pains of purgatory the poor souls before trial, judgment, and condemnation, and a sentence of centuries or of countless years of purgation by fire is pronounced by Rome against Jo and Bob, Lucy and Jane, though none of them are weeping in fire, but happily sleeping in Jesus. Some forty years ago, on All Souls' Day (the 2nd November is sacred to all the souls who are in Purgatory, as Rome supposes), and while the prayers for the dead were going on in the shape of masses and matins, or lessons for the day, 1 was much struck by the absence, not merely of the word purgatory, but even of all ideas conveying the object, as all the Psalms and lessons taken from the Scriptures contain not one word in favour of purgatory. The only striking passage that {at first seemed to lead one's mind in that holy lake of fire —for the holy souls are there, and not the wicked —is Job, chapter xix., and verses 21, 22—" Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, 0 ye my friends, for the hand of God hath touched me; why do ye persecute me as God?" This passage is monopolised by every clever (and not clever) orator to preach the sermon on behalf of the dead, and with all the pathos that human eloquence can draw forth to tickle the ears, to excite the mind, and to raise the feelings of the living towards the groaning souls in the Papal Erebus, all the artillery of Papal rhetoric is put in action to spunge out of the pockets of the hearers as much money as they can afford to relieve from the torments or a good wife, or a tender father, or a loving son, or a lovely daughter, who are all cryiug like Job—"Pity me, my friends, have pity upon me, for the hand of God hath touched me." I confess, to my shame and to God's glory, that such words had the wrong effect on my mind, not because the words are wrong, but because of the perversity of the application. But a few days after another portion of God's Word struck my heart, and it was in these blessed and divine verses as in Ps. ciii, " He hath not dealt with us according to our sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities; for as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is His mercy towards them that fear Him. As far as the east is from the west, so far hath He removed our transgressions from us. Like as a father pitieth his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear Him." I compared Job in the excess of his grief with the praise of the Psalmist, and I could not see in the former but a tried man on earth, but not in purgatory, though earth is often a true purgatory for the child of God, especially when his friends give him occasion to say, " Why do ye persecute me as God f" (xix. 22) or "How long will ye vex my soul and break me in pieces with words ?" Yes very often this earth is a real purgatory to them whose heart is on the side of the Lord, though, like Job, tribulation is needed to work patience, and patience experience, and expe- rience hope, that hope that maketh not ashamed because the love of God is shed abroad in their hearts." (Rom. v. 3, 4.) But even then one like David can praise the Lord for that mercy which says, " Your sins I will remember no more. They are out of sight, hence out of mind; they are as far as the east is far from the west, and as the traveller from east to west shall never reach the opposite point should he travel on the limitless firmament or expanse, so God will never reach our sins. . . ." Hence, how can He consistently with mercy and justice punish tkem in the purgatory invented by Papal RomeP Why, to say in one festival that God pitieth us as a father pitieth His, children, and in another festival to depict such father as an executioner flogging his children ; . to see in one service the temple all glittering with gold, purple, flowers, a picture of happy saints in glory as in the All Saint's Day (November 1), then the same temple all gloomy, dark, with a catafalque or hearse in the midst with black tapestry, to hear the monotonous chant of the prayers for the dead, the exaggerations of rhetoric, and the hyperboles of eloquence, faying to work on the senses and in the purses, is one of those farces to which no person of good sense woulcTgo the second time. The theatrical coreography is for the stage; the worship in spirit and in truth is for the places where true believers go to realise God's presence where is fulness of joy, and not to hear the noise of fanciful cries, and to realise the fable of purgatory. For the satisfaction of my readers it will be interesting to them to know from what portions of the Holy Scriptures the office for the dead haB been manufactured. Mind, let no one say that because the prayers for the dead or for the saints are extracted from Scriptures they are evangelical in spirit. No, no! A woman who has robbed my wife of her best dress, or who patched her garments with pieces cut from those of my wife, that woman is but a thief, and has no part with me except as an offender with the offended party. So the Romish Church, aud any Church that uses God's Word to make the graoe of God of no effect, to enfeeble the value of tbe infinite efficacy of the blood of Christ, such Church robs the Holy Ghost of the Hoty Scriptures to establish men's traditions, usurps the Jholy ointment which Is holy to the Lord, burns the Holy incense in a profanp fire, and the intruders shall "go down alive into the pit and perish" like Korah, Dathan, and Abiram. (See Num. xvi. 31— 35). The Office for the Dead is composed of three nocturns. * The 1st is made up with the 104tli, the 5th, the 6th, and the 7th psalm, with an anthem at the end of each psalm taken from them, or a repetition of one verse of each psalm. Each nocturn closes with the prayer of the Lord; and at the end of each psalm the Requiem Eternam, At the end of the three psalmB are read three lessons, all from Job's Book, ob follows:—1st lesson of the lBt nocturn, Job vii. 16—21; 2nd lesson of the 2nd nocturn, Job x. 1—7 ; 3rd lesson of the 3rd nocturn, Job x. 8—12. The second nocturn has the xxii, the xxiv. and the xxvi. Psalm, with as many Requiems, paternosters, and three lessons :—1st lesson, Job xiii. 23—28; second lesson, Job xiv. 1—6 ; 3rd lesson, Job xiv. 13—16. The third nocturn has Psalms xxxix, xl, and xli., three Requiems, three paternosters, and three lessons :—1st lesson, Job xvii. 11—16 ; 2nd lesson, Job xix. 20—27 ; 3rd lesson, Job x. 18—22. An anthem taken from the li. Psalm begins the last part of the Office of the Dead, which is called Laudes (praise)—though it is groans and tears in purgatory—but real joy to the clergy, as no service is so profitable to the exchequer of the Holy Roman Apostolic Catholic See than the Service for the Dead, and, mark you, that not only on the All Souls' Day, but all the year round. Every day special masses, or private, or solemn, are performed, and matins and praises are said or sung even for dead who have ceased to exist even before the dogma of purgatory was invented by Papal Rome. Besides all the masses said and sung at the funeral of the departed, and the exceqidm performed according to the weight of gold or silver for the departed. But to the Laudes or praises—They are composed of PsalmB li., lxiv., and a requiem, each. .Then Ixii., no requiem to it! Why ? Ask the Pope. My answer is " Be gustibus non est disputandum (matter of taste), Psalm lxvi. this has a requiem again ; the song of Hezekiah (Isa. xxxviii.) with a requiem; Psalm cxlviii. without requiem again. Why ? Stat pro ratione voluntas— viz., because the Pope likes it. Psalm cxlix., again no requiem for any of the two referred reasons. Then at last I am almost inclined to repeat the famous Quo ad usque tandem. Psalm cl. -mi&ireqiiiem; then the Benedktus ; then the exxx. Psalm, and another paternoster, with a prayer for the speedy deliverance of the suffering souls. Ten repetitions of the paternoster, and sixteen repetitions of the requiem to make the words of Christ of no effect. Who said, " When ye pray, use not vain repetitions as the heathen do." (Matt. vi- 7.) I must not pass over a passage which is read by the sub-deacon at the solemn mass, and by the priest at the private mass, extracted from the 2nd book of the Maccabees, xii. chap. [t is not my task now to prove the apocrypha of the book, but even admitting their canonical right to be considered of Divine inspiration (though they are not), I am at a loss to find from what part of the book, or of the passage read in the mass, can Rome establish the dogma of purgatory. The passage runs thus: " Scmcta et salubris est cogitatio pro defunctis exorare ut apenatis solvantur." (It isa holy and salutary thought to pray for the departed in order to loose them from their sins.) Does the passage say ut a purgatorio, or inferis, or ades, or hades solvantur? Does it say that we should pray in order to deliver them from the fire of purgatory, or from their sins only? Judas, the Maccabee, believed in the resurrection, and it is in view of this future event that, with a Jewish mind, he exhorted the living to pray for the dead, in order that their sins should not be imputed to them in the resurrection day, and as Papal Rome grounds his faith on tbe apocryphal books, let them read a passage in the Book of Wisdom, and let me know why they contradict the following passage with their fiery dogma, " The souls of the righteous are in God's hands, and no torment whatever shall hurt them." (Wisdom ix. 6.) If no torment shall hurt them, the torments of the Purgatory are not for them, cannot touch them; and as the souls who are in the Papal Purgatory are righteous, according to Romish doctrine, because they are righteous according to the text of the book of Wisdom are not in torment—are not hurted by flames, or in flogging, starvation, thirst, &e.;, &c.; t but are, as the apocriphal Book says, in God's hands, free frdm pain, in perfect requie or repose, Bleeping in Jesus, or, as the Jews believed, in the bosom of Abraham.' ' Another portion is mpnopolised in order to establish Purgatory on God's ground of inspiration, and is in the 1st Epistle Corin. xv. 29—'"Else what Bhall they do which are baptised for the dead if the dead rise not at all ? Why are they then baptised for the dead ?" With an incomparable subtlety, and with the most cavillous power of Papal logic, they argue in this way:— 1 To be baptised means to be afflicted ; those who afflict themselves for the dead are fasting, are doing penances, or give money to say masses for the relief of those who are dead. This was done by the relatives of Christians whose dead departed in the faith of Christ; ergo, there is a purgatory O). Yes, there is a purgatory, but on earth, and pains suffered by the living for the dead, and not by the dead themselves. As to the true meaning of the passage, I admit it has its difficulty to understand it properly.. Yet no one would deduce from baptism purgatory, or pain suffered by tbe dead. . The conclusion is fli>sui;d. * I shall conclude this subject ,ou Purgatory with a remarkable testimony against the. dogma—the veiy words of a Pope, Gregory I. (libr. xiv,, in Job, chap, xx.);—" Having been redeemed by the grace of our Creator we have this blessed privilege, that as soon ap yre leave the dwelling of our flesh we are instantly caught up, to receive our heavenly reward." r To Gregory's testimony I add that of St. Austin, still 'taoife pOBitiVe against the doctrine of furga- tory—" Scitote quod cum anima a corpore evellitur, aut in paradlso pro meritis bonis ^coUocatur aut eerie pro peccatis in inferni tartara proecipitatur. " Be sure that when the soul is separated from the body it is instantly brought into Paradise by the good she has done, or cast to hell for the sins she has committed" (see Vanitas Cap. 1. tour, ix.) More clearly still he says—" Let no one deceive himself, my brethren, for there are only two places, and not three; whosoever shall is unworthy of reigning with Christ, and shall undoubtedly perish with the devil. " Nemo se decipiat, fratres, duo enim loca sunt et tertius non est ullus; qui cum Christo regnare non meruit, cum diabolo absque dubitatione ulla peribit." (De ebriat). Having thus quenched the fire of Purgatory with the authority of God's Word as well as of human tradition, I shall try (n.v.)in the next article to deal with its parent dogma, "The Indulgences." 