WiBi mUt Hep Motlier's Ring, A vswaSfA.xjxHOB of ymtx can- sub do* / Thcebefc. excitable temperament correotly in terpreted the ocoaaion. There was something abroad in'the six wMcb, charged the summer *ight with subtle And electrifying power. Though many were evidently in ignorance, it was noted that Er&unces; exchanged significant glances ?witk several present, and seemed dilating with JBome portentous secret. His suppressed excite ment grew more apparent, as niB rooms filled Mpidly, and the crowd increased about the doors. $t was also observed that all the new-comers were praed.asd that among the rapidly-appearing faces .were those which, like beacon-fires, always be ♦TiBrtaarrfl tome doughty undertaking. The general Mir sod hoarse, murmur of voices was greatly ?jngmented when. 'Seville entered with young ^Hamilton, followedl-y fifteen students from King's jGoUsge, all folly armed. The latter were soon jflfc«»nfl iritk Pfaoebe as they took from the tray 4be brought them glasses brimming over with rich Jladewt, for whichjthe tavern was most famous. ? ' With fattier'* ??? compliments,' said Phoebe, Wtseying ' Xbea, boy-Ilka, they proposed three cheers for Hht prince of caterers, and fair Hebe who had borne $b.em the. nectar which he aloae could furnish; aaAthey were given with deafening heartiness, and .glasses raised aloft They were scawsely drained before a young man, yeaning upon the bar, and who was more noted for Jfotbnnkfng powers than his discretion, cried— 1 'X propose another toast — Saville, who is doubly to be. congratulated, aince he has escaped a double bomdage, that of King George, and also of the Tory ;trife, having slipped the cab.o of her apron-string, iky which ? ' Befoielieccmld* finish the sentence Saville's fist was planted upon his mouth with such force, as to fend lim-xeaUju; to the floor, with his glass clatter jpg alter him, Standing over tiie prostrate aud haW tipsyman, and trembling with rage, Saville said threateningly— 'The man who dares to cast a slur uponmywtfe ishall do bo at his peril.' * There was the usual uproar and confused sound of conflicting voices, when a cry arose which drowned all else—' Sears, Sears, King Sears 1' and that great firebrand of the American Revolution, yhoae headlong zeal and courage kindled so many raws of contention with* the royal authorities, stood -among them, * Come, come, comrades,' he cried, ' no need to interchanging blows here among yourselves. Come ?with me, and I will give you a crash at our com mon enemy. Colonel Lamb, with his artillerymen, andCaptain Lasher, with his company, are march ing down Broadway to take tha guns at the fort, without saying so much as ' by your leave,' Who frtllf ollow me to their aid ?' . There was a loud acquiescing shout, while Black Sam sprang over the bar, crying—1), ' Lead on, King Sears, and the nVa who refuses to follow may choke with thirst bs^ire my hand serves him again.' In Fraunces' estimation this was the direst threat he could make ; and, inf act, to many present, the fulfilment would be like cutting off the springs rpf life. . Hamilton took Seville's arm, saying, 'Come, comrade, fall in. What do the maudlin words of that drunken f el low signify ? Come, you jmnw WAVAorMtnii wrnrir f»n Viand fft-nierhfr ' ' In a few brief moments the crowded, noisy looms were deserted. The street became full of ?heatings, and the confused sound of many feet, as Sears, Hamilton, and other extemporised officers marshalled the citizen soldiery in some ;thing.Kke orderly array. Then from the head of the column rang out those stirring words which, though causing many hearts to bound with hope and thrill with grand excitement, have yet been the death-knell of myriads. . 1 'Forward! March 1' With strong and steady tramp the dusky figuTes receded toward Broadway, while Phoebe, with eyes ablaze, stood in the door waving a farewell with bet handkerchief, ite flutter meaning any thing Tather than a truce with King -George's agents I' that 8he.might see if the English man-of-war in the harbourhad anything to add to the drama of the evening. The hitherto thronged hostelry became *ilent, being deserted by -all save a few old men whose age precluded- them from taking part in the events of the night. It was an occasion when not even the famous Madeira of Sam's tavern could tempt any loyalists thither; and such of the Wuigs as were too pradenfrto join the raid Bkulkedaway, much preferring to face s dozen English batteries than to hear the comments - of Phrobe Fraunces upon their discretion. . As for the young woman herself, she repined bitterly at the usages of society which prevented ler from taking* hand in -the promised meUt, and was hall inclined -to don her . father's . nabilimencs, aud,belB,raaB In spite of fate. f ????'??'?;-; ??--, CHAPTER VII.'-: ? ? V*SBW'T0BK TOTDBB. ITIBB. Colonel Lamb and Captain lasher with their campamesiMlted on Broadway till Sears and bis. following citizens Joined them.; then t; syj.ro ceeded at once to Fort George, which had itt 'ront on Bowling^ Green, and - was lotated within the fipace nowtoonded by State, Bridge, andWhii? baU-streets. Tory informers had revealed to the ?nthoritieffin charge of this work the intended. attack. In view of the overwhelming force, no rie iristance was made by the small garrison. Unmo lested at first, the patriots went to work 'with feverish zeal to dismount the cannon from the bastions, and load them on the heavy waggons that came lumbering? down Broadway for the pur pose. . * To Aleza&der.Hamitton; and his partywas given the task of capturing-Grand Battery, «nother - and ?mailer work nearer* the river, which' was- also; accomplished without resistance. .But the fiery young spirits composing:- this ?fraud wbim -tnneh disamtointed 'at thfi nuietfland1 peaceful nature -.of- the enterprise thus far. i 'We might -Bagwell hawe come armed trith-only rpiekaiea and crowbars,' growled.Hamilton. 'Yea/responded Saville, in like discontented, mood. * A brigade of cannea -was all tb&t;'was re-, iqoired=on this occasion. I had hoped that-thei ,nighfvonld- beonliTOn»d:byft few flashes-at least.; ?ts&ppoee; wft-go down to the water's edge:and take klookat^r^fa.' '*????. Seeuringitbe.approval of their euperior»officers, Bttkd leavmgw^nszd inchargepf the work, the rest of the narty enwmenced patrolling the shore, cast-, jng wutfalgWncas - at the ship,1 whose ' masts and lyards Wflrft ffifot^y^t^fofHil 'BgHirrpt the sky. , 'JScwvif'we^onlsyliad^Ojdoasn'whale-boats^said [Hawrfitjii, »« kkA gn oqtj,and board that old' tub, rvre would h«va»a JugatanrorkHhat wouldstarone's JHoooV . . ,_. ? „ « *Kbt*fitSs-womd°^)esst,Tnmnng,«odoubt,kie- ipTfadJBafille;' and it wonld not all be on our'eide: tsjtfler.J&hagine.; 3tat-aee, they are waking upon! jboatd.' ?'We-may iave» boufwith thosawatar dogs' ifet.' It*xm3-8came,cle«*aiet there was an unusual «rfg and jwyHfomiw* /mjBiftWMjwmL JjightsJgleamed kind glanced rapidly from point -to point, and taint and-far owayscamelheeound of orders hastily ? 'lierfthere^rasca.lleavy-sTSash'inlhe water. 'Huzrab F cried ilamil ton,.' they;are manning a jboat. We wDiresolVe- ouiaelfeainto a«ominittee krf reception.' ' The measured cadence of oars confirmed the ^urmi«3uitinade, wid Cia.'youBg men eagerly jpreB8»dtOfthejenrth»st- point!of1ana, and looked ?well to the.priniing.of their firelocks. The barge' NraspuHecUteadily toward ttieu. xmtil at last a idnsfcy oBtlke emeTgoa firan'^VighVand .i*en. )tte.sh«dowy*gnre#o£*h»-*ei|. ? ?Makeiiot a^stmnd; Bad let -tbAnvIanoUif they ^pfll,'eaid Hamilton, in«I«w?toii«, t Bot thfttaige approached warily, withlengthen Sngtestoaftereaoiidipiof^heoars.. At last, the, loffieer in eembumd ileteote-Miie little -party,i-and ghosted; ??Wbo-ana ?vOa.tfue^anl TFhatadejrilijdaioaj teptto-olWbitiP' '^C«ni»ta*«e»j5-^»d3taintoTv2aconIcalJy. ' BgHfaarftoarV alght^MB, togBCbor wWuHha )n«nl«)M-«o«aa»fcw»Jbrt-feor^otoarls5«hpwed; msoom. flw *m ?'* Iwaiad ^wMwtwro,. mbH, HHb, irlMttB^oiawjMfflot-tiiajw)tTt»;Ta»Mw. knit (mc lsvtfa-'hisWHtirfj i*^ 'TW^^-W'^'**'* * ♦«y«'«j aToUty~QDjok f orW HamUtoa, yet notsohagtybutthatthomftiksaen^aialUaT with he rifle from beybood. took good alffi, and several In the bargo werefcilled and Wouaflod. The silent o»rs»t am itruok the water sharply, and the boat rapidly disappeared toward the man-of-war ; but the young men board enough to satisfy them that their shots had taken afleot. Immediately upon the rtport of the first musket, Colonel Lamb, Captain Lasher, and King Sears hastened to the shore with many others, and learned from Hamilton what had occurred. In the meantime, the barge reached the vessel and re ported, satisfying; Captain Tandeput of the Asia that the intimations he had received of the pro posed attack UDon the forts were {correct. The iritish. authorities hitherto had hesitated in taking decisive action, knowing that it would precipitate the conflict at once, But now the point of for bearance seemed passed, and he ordered the port boles to be opened, and the rebels dispersed by a faw shots. In quick succession three flashes came from tbe ships side, and 'three balls ploughed into the battery. But so far from dispersing quietly, Lamb ordered the drums to boat to arms, and the church bells to be rung, and soon th» silent city was in an uproar. Eneliah blood, be weU as Americas, was sow at boiling point, and the defiant sounds from the shore were no longer answered by single shots but fay broadsides, the thundering echoes and crashing balls of which awoke both Whigs and Tories to the realization of the true meaning of war. The experiences of Boston, the very thought of which had caused so many to tremble, were now their own iu the aggravated form of a midnight cannonade. Men, women, and children, many but partially .chid, rushed into the streets and joined the in creasing throng of fugitives that pressed towards the opeu country, away from the terrible monster in the harbour, whose words were iron, and whose hot breath threatened to burn their homes over their heads. Tories, as they ran, cursed the rebels, whom they regarded as tbe cause of the trouble ; and the Wfiigs anathematized British tyranny. But taster and hotter than their oaths the heavy balls crashed into their houses or over their heads, ?with the peculiar, demoniacal shriek o£ a flying shot. A night bombardment is a terrible thing for strong, brave men to endure. The roar of cannon is awe-inspiring in itself; but when it is re membered that eveiy flash and thunder peal has its resistless holt whicli is aimed at one's Mfe, only those who have nerved themselves to calmly risk their lives, or who, like the patriots on the Battery, are lifted by mad esoitement above all fears, can stand unmoved. But how could the sick and the aged — how could helpless women and children en dine such an ordeal? Only the pitying eye of God noted all the fainting, mortal fear of those who tremblingly snatched children, treasures, or sacred hairLooniB, and sought to eaoape. lieaws almost ceased their beating, as the terror-stricken fugitives heard balls whizzing toward them. The messengers of death might strike out of the darkness any where and anyone, Broadway has witnessed many scenes, but never a more pitiable one than when, in that August midnight, a hundred years ago, it was thronged with half-clad, shrinking, sobbing women, and little children walling for parents, lost in the darkness and the contusion of flight. When, at last, the open fields beyond the range of the Asia's guns were reached, the strangelyassor ted multitude, from, whom the gloom of night and common misfortune had blotted out all distinc tions, ant down -nttntincr and wearv. and prayed for the light of day. Many who were helpless and a few who were brave remained in their homes, either in an agony of fear or in quiet resignation. Among the latter was Phoebe Fraunces. But there was not a particle of resignation in her nature, for she chafed around her father's tavern like a caged lionuss ; and when a round shot, well and Bpitefuily aimed at the ' pestilent rebel nest,' as it was called on board the Asia, crashed through the house, shattering a decanter of Madeira that the gunner would ratuer haVe drained himself, she forgot the softness of her sex utterly, and seizing a huge cutlass that hung over the bar, and leaving her mother to recover from a fit of hysterics as best she might, she started for the scene of action in a mood that would have led|her to board the Ada single-handed had the -opportunity offered. But, as she ap men ftt work. Tier mndnrty regained 'ts control, and she realized that it was scarcely prop« for a young woman to be abroad and alone »t that time of the night; so, she who was ready to attack a man-of-war, turned and fled before that which a true woman fears more than an anny — the ap pearance of evil. But it would have been a wof ul blunder lor any rude fellow to have spoken to Pht&be; that night, armed as she was witd the old cutlass, and abundance of musole to wield it. His gallant advance would have been cut short inBtantly. Although there was panic in the city, there was nothing of the kind within the dismantled walls of Fort George, from which tbe cannon were fr.et dis appearing ; nor upon the battery, where Colonel Lamb's artillerymen, flanked by Hamilton and his students, 'were drawn up, to prevent the Aria from interfering with their operations by landing a force from the vessel. But uaptain Vandeput prudently contented himself with striking from a distance, supposing that the terrors of a night bum bardment would soon bring tbe contumacious rebels to their knees. To make the warning lesson still more effectual, and to greatly increase their punishment, the ordered the guns to be loaded oc casionally with the deadly grape-shot. Bnt, in the morning, both he and the populace had a surprise. The battery was not covered with killed and wounded. In fact, there was not a Whig to be seen, dead or alive. But neither was there a cannon to be found in the royal forts. While he bad been thundering his disapproval from the harbour, the ' raw militia,' who, his officers jocu larly asserted, 'would not stop running south of ^King's Bridge,' had steadily completed their taBk, land spirited off every gun to parts unknown. And when, in the peaceful summer morning, the fugitives, who had spent the night in the open air, .concluded they had better go home to breakfast, fand appear in leas picturesque toilets, they found, instead of death, carnage, and gutters running ?with blood, no wounds save those which the carpenter and joiner could heal. It was another remarkable example of how little destruction may be caused j by a bombardment, even in crowded city. The mercurial temperament of the people, which their descendants seemed to have inherited, ,led those of Whig proclivities, who were over whelmed with terror but a few hours previous, to react into cheerfulness and exultation. Many doughty citizens, who stole into their back entrances, [strangely appareled, eoon afterwards appeared, dressed in different style, at their front doors, hoping that their flight had been covered by the darkness ; and not a few, who bad made ex cellent time toward King's Bridge, ventured, over their dram at the comers of the streets, to descant on 'the way we carried off the British bulldogs from the fort. ; The Tory element in the City was very quiet that day; but a sullen, vindictive expression lowered upon many faces. The timid and conservative sighed, again and again, 'Where is this thing to end-P : . ? . In a beautiful up-town villa, the face of one fair woman was often distorted with passion and hate, as she hissed throngh her teeth, ' He was formost in this vile night work.' But when Saville, hungry and exhausted, reached bis borne, bis mother, who had been a sleepless watcher, only folded him in her arms, murmuring — ' Thank Ood 1 you are yet spared to me.' Then she gave him a breakfast that in future campaigning caused many a longing- sigh as he re membered it. , 