THE PERFORMANCB. The performance to be given on Monday evening next by the Alexandra Amateurs, in aid of the State School prizes fund, is likely to be one of the most successful effolts of the club. Having beeoon privileged to be present at rehearsal on Tuesday evening, we feel "justified in expressing a high opinion of the merits of the entertainment to be given. A short reumno of the plot of Lady Audloy's Secret was given in our issue last week and we will there fore now confine ourselves to a few remarks respecting the Burlesque " Alonzo the Brave, or Faust and the fair Imogene," stated to be a tragical, comical, demonIacal, historie. The story consists in the loves of Alonzo and Imogene, and the desire of Faust to win the lady for himself. The latter being advanced in years, enters into a compact with the demon Mephistopheles, who in return for conferring youth upon him exacts that in the event of his, -Faust's-failing to obtain Imogene he is to accompany the former gentle man to the infernal regions as the penalty of failure. Imogene, believing Alonze killed in the wars, at first listens to the wooing of Fanet, but on the point of success Alonzo returns disguised as a Ghost I la don Giovanni, and upon declaring himself, Imogene at once returns to her allegiance, and the demon claims his victim Faust, but at the intercession of the chorus gives him the option of marrying Dame Martha as the price of being saved, but he indignantly declines the alternative Mephistopheles retires, promising to look them all up bye and bye, and the Burlesque concludes with the happiness of Alonzo and Imogene who express themselves in a very pIetty duet. Some of the leading characters in this flurlesquoe necessitate their being represented by persons, not only with acting capacity, but also having some musical abilities, atnd we were not only pleased, but astonished at the really clever rendering of some of the songs, duets, and choruses, with which the piece abounds, and which amply proves the efficiency and industry of the gentle man (Mr W. G. Moon) who has arranged and superintended the entire musical portion of the piece. Mr C. Hames has taken special pains to prepare scenery and mechanism to give full effect to the representation, and as this gentleman has to sustain a leading character, he certainly is to be much commended for his activity and perseveranc e. 