TOWN TAIL Keuter's telegram, to-day, jstjihe Khedive and two of his sons' Bly left Egypt to taUe up their ^ in Naples. Keuter's telegram states thatons field Government have brought! to establish a Catholic University.!^'!. The Brindisi portion of^th'nrd mail (May 15th) was delivereday last. !'' ; . Tho election for East Melhrmi nated yesterday, a3 was generjtcd, by the return of Mr Zojrjwiarge majority of 1237, the numhciii-ox, 1S54 ; and Levi, G17. Alth|ugern ment gave Mr Zox no reason tthat their sympathies were wjtlrither they nor tho Reform Leagne.any influence on the electioD,^nf Mr Levi's independent action no opposition would have b^hr> Mr Zox's return. , j^The Government have Reecom mend Parliament to voter n thai; £2000 to enable the colonyjtoented at the Sydney Intern'ationaljlnext year. The sum is not largd,jfe pre sent state of the public finatousi dcring the large expenditure for our own Exhibition, Ministeiot be justified in recommendings 1. At a Cabinet Council mee'rday, it was resolved not to make uiolson frigate to convoy cxhibitsitb )r the Exhibition there, but tpreiirivate vessel for the purpose. |Thj was arrived at chiefly in consef the heavy expense tliat wouicpumcur rod, not only in fitting up.tipr the purpose, but in restoringrhods to her natural condition. It isj well, for, proud as we may |Be' j ship, she would not appear toftyoidvan tage alongsido the mor&imclfc; of war that will next yearjbe bkson. At yesterday's meeting o£et the question of expenditurainh with the International Exhibitibjnoarly the whole sitting, and a dearrived at to reduce considerably.tUimate submitted by the Exhibitioiioners for the completion of the .w extra annexes will not be prhcejat pre sent, nor until it is more oi what foreign and other exhibits \t| here from tho Sydney show! frescnt, also, no expenditure will bfor tho fencing and statuaryjpon in the 'scheme of the ComimssiiL not considered that this jjfiecjm the least, prejudice the undejr there will be abundant time/Jo | neces sary, all the works referreeen the closing of tho Sydney,mining of the Melbourne Exhibition! Our New ZealamL; indicates trouble with the Maqnesl'er iiaVe resolved to. roncw plough:- confls eatcd land, and the Gbyeie(jUa[|y determined if they do'; toem> aU(j this, it is to bo feared, w au out. break of more serious host Our Sydney telegram, tlUncc3 a deficiency in the New Soma3toms of £30,000 for tho half, however, additional salei.rc ma(i0 to cover the deficiency. At a meeting, ycsterdarou aU(j building trades at Sydi.am jjy telegram, labor was;job. far \a tile 035 ^oca' requirements., We may look oife 3Cnt'y> therefore, for au accession from tit quarter to the ranks of our own unem iyed. »£;• die Estimates will contain an item of 30 for extendingthe jetty at Lome. 3S&A; letter has been received by Mr John ^«pkington, from the hon. the Commissioner ^jPCustorcs, to the effect tbat.on the 17th ®|jt. the Pharos will be dispatched to pfeamine the moorings at Loutit Bay,' and jji&iftthem; into such a safe position that they Iwn be taken advantage of by vessels requir ing to use the jetty. £15 There is a rumor about the district that a pQUutig lady's death recently was caused by |i|nskilful medical treatment, an overdose of l.i^orphia having been administered. The |Hlffair, which is said to have taken place at a jjtcighboring seaside port, has not, however, 5?|Sen reported to the police, so that a doubt jftbxists a3 to there being any fouudatiou for .J-jhe rumor. » Fifty of the unemployed commenced work yesterday morning, on the Melbourne Bail a way'line, some distance from the Geelong Citation. The ballasting not being very good, kthe men are engaged in putting fresh bal hlast on. About twenty of the unemployed . tSo£ the Lara district have also been found ^employment of the same description. . His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby j?will visit Colac to-morrow, and return to J Melbourne on Thursday afternoon. § About 150 of the unemployed men will [Jhave work found for them, wo bolieve, at j the Werribee, in breaking metal. , 1 Yesterday being a public holiday, there l was no Police Court, neither wero'there any ! trivial offonces to be punished at the lock | up.. sip! Several slight accidents happened yester Ktf day afternoon in the football match, Gram mar School v. College. Three members of the College team got hurt, and were pre vented from doing active work. Reginald Morrison had a small bone near the collar bone fractured, Ernest Morrison had his right knee severely wrenched, and T. Boyd' bad one of his ankles sprained. A telegraph office has now been opened for business at Donald. Pastor Chiniquy has mot with a rough reception at. Hobart Town. The Catholics, it appears, determined that he should not publicly insult their religion by his references to its dogmas, and to carry out their purpose attended bis meetings, prevented him speak ing, and brought the movement to, a stand still. The police were appealed to but they were powerless. Mr Chiniquy's friends deputationiscd the Mayor and City Council, and so did the Catholics. The Council held a special meeting, and considered a Catho lic petition, asking them, in the interests of public order, to request Mr Chiniquy to forego his right to the use of the Town Hall, and deliver his lectures in one or other of the Protestant churches. They decided, how ever, to swear in special constables, and forcibly repress any riotous proceedings at future meetings. Bishop Murphy then issued' an address requesting all Catholics not to interfere in any way with the Chiniquy meetings, as further attempts to check him might lead probably to rioting and bloodshed. On Friday night last the Catholics intended holding a meeting in the Domain, but the Bishop attended also, and induced them to disperse quietly. Pastor Chiniquy held a qniet meeting in the Town Hall the same evening. The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the week ending 2(ith June, 1879, amounted to £19,631-. los Id, as com pared with £18,558 16s lid for the correspond ing-week in 1S7S. Passengers, etc., £7925 3s 4d, as against £7S00 Is Sd in 1S7S; merchandise, minerals, and cattle, £11,706 lis 9a ; 1S7S, £10,75815s 3d. Weokly ave rage (52 weeks), 1S79, £23,320 17s lid, as against £22,903 lis lid in 1878. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £1,212,0'SG 13s lid, as against £1,190,9S7 2s Gd for the corresponding period in 1S7S. Number of miles open, 1879, 1112; 1S7S, 967. Mr John Davidson will to-day commence, perhaps, one of the largest and most import ant sales of household effects that has taken place in this district for many years. The melancholy circumstances under which the sale is held have a peculiar interest for those who knew and appreciated the late Mr A. B. Whito as one of the most liberal of our townsmen in the local expenditure of his means. The elegant mansion at Newtown more resembles a bazaar than a private residence, and the rare taste of the late owner, and of Mrs White, is seen in every part of the building. Yesterday a great crowd assembled to inspect the choice collec tion, and, no doubt, to-day, when the sale commences, the attendance will be almost as numerous. The steamship Kent arrived yesterday with a large number of passengers. The Chronicle says that rain is still much' wanted im the Camperdown district. At Sandhurst two men have been com mitted to prison each for twenty-four hours, for the offence of shooting on Sunday. The cinchona eiire for drunkenness, intro duced by Dr. D'Unger, has been successfully tried at Ballarat. • Colae will shortly have an hospital. The building is being erected and will cost £1000. Professor Pepper, the renowned lecturer, is to be accorded a public reception at the Athenajnm Hal], in Melbourne, on his ar rival in the colony. The Melbourne City Council intend send ing a letter of condolence to the ex- Empress Eugenie with regard to the death of the Prince Imperial. Forrest's exploring party to Western Aus tralia report having seen about four millions of acres of land capable of carrying ono mil lion of sheep. A Wellington, N.Z., telegram in the Argus states that' seventeen Maoris were arrested on Monday, for having attempted to plough up confiscated land. Mr John Giles, late one of the senior oars men of the Ballarat City Club, met with an accident lately at the Melbourne railway sta tion, which necessitated the amputation of his leg. Mr J. G. Byrne, of Dunolly, brother of tho late barrister of that name, will probably "stand for Avoea at the next general election. Mr Byrne i3 represented as a moderate Li beral. A man named Barnes, aged 71 years, when having a drink at the bar of a publio- house in Melbourne on Friday, fainted. He was taken to the hospital, and' died there on Sa turday night frdm sanguineous apoplexy. The young man H. K. Hall, charged with forgery at Horsham, has been remanded until to-morrow, bail being allowed in two sureties of £50 each, and the prisoner's own surety of £500. - Scott, alias Captain Moonlight, is to deliver a lecture on " Pentridge " shortly, at the Temperance-hall, Melbourne. ■ The July number of tho " Melbourne Re view," which will he ready in a day or two, will contain Mr David Syme's article on " The Unearned Increment in the Value.o tho Land of Melbourne." Separation Day passed by yesterday with no other manifestation than the closing of the banks and public offices. How. much longer is this stnpid custom to continue ? .Judge Stephen continues to look very unwell. Frequently he docs not take his seat in Banco till in the course of the after noon. - The formal proclamation of Prahran as a city took place yesterday, and was the occa sion of great public rejoicings in that thriv ing municipality. The sparrows at Hamilton are becoming a nuisance. It is complained that they are eating off the buds from almond trees, and even picking up the seeds of vegetables as soon as they are sown. A sum of £S7 was collected in the We3 leyan churches in the Sandhurst district on Sunday, in aid of tho distressed miners in Cornwall, England. Mrs Bates, although ill, left Sydney on Monday, to he present at the funeral of her late husband, which was postponed for her attendance. The Public Works Department has re ceived competitive designs for tho proposed bridge which is to replace Prince's Bridge over the Yarra River in Melbourne. After sitting until midnight on Monday, the metropoli&City; Council agreed to the construction <ftn iron tramway along the Brunswick roacht the cost of £3058 odd. The promotarof the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition in Mbourne have been offered the use of theower area of the Eastern Market, for theifm of £1000. The South Atraiian Register soys that during the squis which passed over tho Gnlf during th morning of Thursday a waterspout of gat size was seen to form. The column of wer took a north-easterly direction over thland. A proposition|'is been submitted to the Commissioner oflustoms to impose an ex cise duty of 6d jjr lb on Victorian grown tobacco. The stjcct is to be considered privately by Mr Tor. Another meetg of the Provincial and Suburban Banka|-editors is to be held next week, to conside the refusal of the bank authorities to lied over documents, etc., belonging to the Ink to the liquidators. ■ Yesterday thelovernment assumed im mediate and sol&ontrol; over tho lines of railway, recentlylirchased from the Mel bourne and Hobsdh Bay Company. . It is not at present cfflemplated to make any change in the ma&emcnt; of the suburban lines. 1 Great activity Sbeing displayed in the erection of the Ex|>ition budding in Mel bourne. ' Good pfiress has been made during the month n June, and now about three-fourths of ttt brick walls have at tained their full heim. Nearly 300 men are now employed at tlipcrks. The Bdllarat Couhr asks If over 1000 men are out of empKmcnt in Melbourne, and there is also a ftrcity of work in tho country districts, wiu would bo the stato of.the working classegit the present time if we had persisted injur old policy of as sisted immigration ? 1 Mr Tt'Arcy Read, th well-known "ghost," was summoned at thqSallarat Police Court on Monday, for assauing a railway porter. The little affair , wasbaused by a dispute about the payment fomomo parcels. After listening to the casefor two hours, tho Bench came to the collusion that provoca tion had been receives and dismissed the - case. I A young man naml Prancis Sharp, paralysed, and unable u work, was before tho metropolitan policecourt on Monday. So stolen few pieces ofrwood to provide a fire for the comfort of ps wife, who was dying of consumption, garp was let off, as the prosecutor did not anear. The fog was so dense in Melbourne on Monday morning that ie firemen on the look-out were unable toletect a fire raging in Victoria Parade, and J>y the time they were warned of the confiscation, the ilames 'had consnmed the buildup, which was used ' as a bedding manufactory? A silver wedding was ceebrated atClunes on Monday. Mr and Mri R. Nichol, well known residents, were tie happy couple. Between sixty and seventy guests assembled at their residence, Beck with Court, and a most enjoyable evening wiu passed. The local successful candidates at the ma triculation and civil servici examinations in connection with the Mellourne University were as follows Charle? Henry Hay ward, and Horatio Percy Martefi Geclong College; Duncan MTutyre, and fichard Robinson, Geelong High School (MrLcunon's). John Henry' Rudd, of the lat'fer school, passed the civil service examinatun. The Kyneton Guardian! relates that two miners, while walking tu their claim at Malmsbury on Friday morang, found a loose quartz boulder studded .wjih.gold. It was speedily broken up, and the fragments, wrapped in a handkerchief were taken to the Bank of Victoria, where they turned the scale at 130oz. The pure 'fold alone would weigh about lOOoz.—not t bad morning's work. i On Monday evening the Sandhurst Indus trial Exhibition was formaly closed by the Mayor, but it will be open for three more days, the proceeds of two da/s to be given to the Cornish Relief Fund, aul of one day to the Sandhurst charities. Tic total attend ance during the exhibitionTvas 89,632 per sons, the total receipts amqmted to £5331, and a credit balance of £1221 has been the result. ' I The bon. Graham Berryjas promised to recommend tho Minister of Bail ways to grant free passes to country dehjjatcs attending future meetings of tho conference of Bchool Boards of Advice in Melbourne. The con ditions, however, will be thl the correspon dent must sign a document btating that the bearer had been elected a duegate,- and that the Chairman of the meeting should endorse the same, showing that thelholder had at tended the conference.. 1 Mr W. J. O'Hea, writing to the Colac Herald, says, that in the amending Baud Act of 1S7S, it was thought the wolds " residence sites," would cover holdings both under the 47thand 49thsections; bufcwh^n the Actcame into operation the law officers of the Crown gave it as their legal opinion to the Land Minister that tho licenses under section 49 did not come under tho new Act, aud therefore that payments of rent could not count as part of tho purchase money in the case of these licenses—that, in fact, the new Act applied only to licenses under sec tion 47. A Jerilderie telegram in' yesterday's Age states that Wild Wright, from the Kelly country, was recognised in a hotel at Jeril derie on Monday nigbt. Arrangements have been made by the police to warmly welcome the Kelly gang back to the place. The sus pected characters at Penola turn out to be friends in disguise. The object of the visit of Miss Keljy and MrsSkillian to Melbourne appears to have been to arrange for the escape of the murderers to California, in the ship Victoria Cross. Suspicions, however, were aroused, the polico were communicated with, and the outlaws' friends disappeared, and could not be found. They have had some pretty cold weather in Tasmania. On Tncsday last waterpipes were frozen, and the water absolutely cut off thereby, and in one conservatory the ther mometer stood, at sunrise, at 3Sdeg. In a garden, a pair of tame magpies went to their . accustomed basin for their morning drink, and their surprise and antics, when they dipped their bills to come against a bard substance, were amusing. In the gutters, along streets not much exposed to the sun, the ice in any small pools of water remained unbroken all day. It was thoroughly a taste of Old Country early winter weather. Towards evening the weather seemed very undecided," though severely cold. A little before midnight rain fell for a short time, but frost resumed its sway, and continued on Wednesday. A Melbourne workman has received from his brother in Adelaide a letter on the state of business there, of which the following is an extract:—"I see yon have meetings of the unemployed in Melbourne. Things are no better here. A big meeting has been held at the Town Hall, hut I suppose there will be no good results from it, as mere ex pression of opinion cannot greatly affect the labor market. The Government here offers employment to those oat:of work St the Hallett, 150 miles up country, to break stones at 5s per day. . I have applied for a loan of £75 on my little house and land'from three private brokers and three building so cieties, and they are all in the same position —not a shilling to lend, however good the security may be." A meeting of the Chilwell Gold Mining ' Company will be held in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute, at 8 o'clock, this evening. . The anniversary soirde and ball of the Loyal Orange Lodge, No. 17, will take place on Saturday evening, 12th inst., at the Fire Brigade station. A sale of gifts will be commenced this evening in the Chilwell Wesleyan Sabbath Schoolroom. The object is to raise funds for improvements to be made • in the school building, and-to provide furniture for the room. Each evening vocal and instrumental music will be given. The sale will be for mally opened by the Rev. Mr Bodgshuu. Mr R. E. Jacomb notifies in our adver tising columns that he is a candidate for the position of liquidator of the Provincial aud Suburban Bank, i Nominations for two vacahoies in the school Board of Advice for tho east riding, Shire of Leigh, must be lodged with the re turning officer before 4 p.m. on the 14th instant. A vacancy has occurred in the Moolap Board of Advice, and nominations of candi dates must be mado before 4 p.m. on the 7th instant. Mr Hearne announces in our advertising columns that his establishment will bo closed every evening, except Saturday, at S o'clock. In cases of sudden aud serious . illness, mediciuc it is stated can be obtainod at any hour of the night. The Illustrated Australian News for the mouth i3 a capital number. The reception of the hon. Graham Berry gives an excellent idea of the immense assemblage in Collins street on tho night of the arrival of the Premier. An engraving, " Close hauled off Wilson's Promontory " is graphically drawn, and one of the best illustrations tnat has ever appeared in the News, 