THE MINISTRY OF THE GOSPEL. BY TIIE REV. J. FAULDS HENDERSON. A charge delivered to the Rev. J. Hall Angus, on the occasion of his Induction to the pastorate of the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide. Having been appointed by the Presbytery to address our brother, Mr. Angus, on this occasion I shall now proceed to do so. You already occupy the standing of a minister of the Presbyterian Church of this colony, and have discharged the duties of the pastoral office in one of our congregations for the period of nearly six years. I shall, therefore, not address you so fully as it would have been proper for me to do had you now been entering upon the duties of the pastorate for the first time. I am persuaded, my brother, that you have already consecrated yourself anew to the work of the Lord, in prospect of your settlement over this congregation. Without self-dedication on your part the act of the Presbytery on this occasion would, indeed, be an unmeaning- and unvailing ceremony. The responsibilities ot the pastorate are immense, and if they be vividly realised, then, in order that they may be met in a manner that shall in any measure satisfy the conscience that grace is needed which comes alone from hearty and unreserved self-dedication to G-od. You are well aware that preaching is the principal duty of the pastoral office. You will, therefore, give to that work the fulness of your strength, and endeavour to make your varied experience without the pulpit contribute to the efficiency of your labour within it. Your text-book is the Word of God ; but in the selection and treatment of your themes you will make it evident that you are emphatically a minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. You will take your stand by the distinctively evangelical doctrines, and while making excursions along the various lines which radiate from them, you will make it manifest that these aro but excursions, and that you are still ou one or other of the lines, which all converge in the central truths of the Gospel. As well might the solar system be still so called were the sun struck from the heavens, as a ministry be styled that of the Gospel without the habitual exhibition of " the truth as it is in Jesus." Preach Christ, my brother. Let these walls bear testimony to the proclamation by you of the truth concerning Jesus Christ—as both our Saviour and our Lord. On your dying bed, next to the presence of the master Himself, nothing will afford you sweeter comfort than the memory of a ministry of witness-bearing for Him. I have no doub fc that these people have been accustomcd to such preaching. I never heard your predecessor deliver a sermon save once— aud that at my own induction; but from my knowledge of him, which then commenced, and was afterwards increased by personal intercourse, I have not the slightest doubt that the distinctively evangelical doctrines were the essence and soul of his preaching. Preach regeneration. By doing so you will follow the example of a greater than your predecessor, even that of our Lord Jesus Christ Himself, who said to Nicodemus, " Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a man be born again he cannot see the Kingdom of God." It would be ill-timed, however, and it is needless for me to attempt to give a detailed enumeration of the subjects upon which you should preach ; but you will, doubtless, give to those which have been mentioned, and to kindred ones, that prominence which their pre-eminent importance demands. It would be presumptuous in me to offer you any hints as to style. Preaching from your heart, and under a deep sense of your own responsibility, that will take care of itself. As to manner, the more natural, of course, the better. I have seen a good sermon spoiled by the too apparent self-consciousness ot the preacher. A spirit of thorough earnestness will speedily adjust all such subordinate matters. Port Adelaide being a busy sea-port town, your jinlience, from Sabbath to Sabbath, willinclude 'i <i't proportion of the fluctuating element or •its than any of our congregations. This circumstance you will, doubtless, note and improve. It is well fitted to solemnize a preacher, when he reflects that there are those before him whom, in all probability, he shall never meet with on earth again. With you to-day, away to-morrow, Let them carry with them the tidings of salvation. How greatly does the circumstance to which I have alluded widen the circle of your influence. But your regular hearers will be the objects of your chief concern. You are to be emphatically their pastor. " Feed, then, the flocks of God over whom the Holy Ghost hath made you overseer"—endeavouring, as far as possible, to supply every one with his portion of meat in due season. I do not mean that you should make it your chief object to please every one. Labour, indeed, to the very utmost of your power to please, but only in so far as you can do so consistently with the good of each to edification. Ministers are under a strong temptation to address themselves too exclusively to the best heads in their congregation ; but it should be remembered that if in the case of such hearers the heart be iu its right place, even they will not object to the preaching being generally on a level with the average intellect. Live near to God, my brother. You are aware of the danger to which we ministers are exposed from the temptation to look at truth too much from a professional standpoint. Preaching is our business ; it is as much our business to preach as it is the lawyer's to practice law, or the medical man's to practice medicine. But the truth we are called upon to preach is the food of our own spiritual life; the exercise of handling the truth then, in a professional way, in our studies and pulpits, requires, in order to prevent it having a most disastrous effect upon our own hearts, a spirit in entire accord with ih Such constant harmony between the soul and the truth depends upon habitual communion with God. Your duties beyond the pulpit will be sufficiently numerous and varied. It is not my intention to enumerate these. I feel assured, however, that by hearty, although dignified, intercourse with your people in private, you will seek to make it increasingly felt that you are the personal friend of each. I do not know your views with regard to what is distinctively called pastoral visitation. 1 believe such work to be very useful indeed—not only, although chiefly, because of its directly religious advantages, but also because, when systematically conducted, it secures the regular meeting of the pastor with every family in his congregation. I know very well that city ministers, especially, have many calls addressed to them in the way of public duty from beyond the circle of their own congregations ; and it is clear tha. in proportion as they respond to these calls they have the less time to devote to visiting their peoplepastorally, or otherwise. But the question of visiting is one which, both as to frequency and mode, each minister must decide for himself. The afflicted will, of course, be the objects of your tender care. Never does a minister resemble His Master more than when endeavoring to comfort the distressed, and to help the friendless. Jesus went about doing good. And now, my brother, I have done, your own experience will supply what I have left unsaid. u Endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ." And when your earthly labours draw to a close may you be able to say with Paul, " I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith and may it be. yours to receive from the Master tho gracious welcome, " Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thv Lord." 