CHAPTER XIV.-ROBERT IS STARTLED. Jttobert did. not keep iii« -word to Catherine, il* did not return to Hackney till the next Tuesday evening, partly because he waited Mr. Rutland's time, having discovered the great convenience of travelling with a companion who knew tho ways of the, country, understood the bothering coinage, and could "gabble away at his parlcy-vous as fast as any native !" And Catherine rejoiced to think she had not gonoto Newhaven, for tho ther mometer had continued to fall ever since Anne and hor fathor left London. Tho ground was covered with snow, which seemed very slow to melt: She shuddered to think how desolate it must be by the sad sea waves at this season of the year as she shivered in her own snug room close to a glowing fire. She had a letter from horhusband^n the Satur day morning which told her that he and Anne had safely reached Paris, and that Anno was now un der the care of Madame de la Tour ; he could not exactly say when he should be at home, and she had better not expect him till she saw him. But, to tell tho truth, Catherine was relieved rather than disappointed by his prolonged absence-left to herself, she could grieve ns much as she likod ; she dreaded his return, whioh must necessarily bo the signal for another order of things than that which had prevailed ever since that misérable Thursday morning. The cook had implicitly obeyed her master's behests, and had "seen to missis" to tho best of her ability. She had tried to administer the prescribed glass of port, but with such ill success that she was " obligatod," as she told Jane, to drink it herself to prevent it being wasted; and,really, she felt quite upset and : queer in lier inside, seeing Miss Anne in such trbuble aB never was, and missis taking on, till she was frightened to think how it all might end. She had known peopld dio or lose their senses from less cause than there had boon in that house for the last week or two- ever since it was given out that poor Miss Anno was to be sent to school in foreign parts. But Jane, who. was less talkativo than cook and less given to demonstration, was not much afraid 1 of her mistress becoming insane. She thought . tho kindest tliixg they Could do by her was just to lot her alone ; for "tho quicker she has had her cry out," she argued, " tho quicker she will begin to get OTer it." Cook was dubious, but decided that it might be botter not to interfere yet awhile, ; oven though the nico little dinner she served up was not touched; and orders were given to light . tho bedroom fire, as tho mistress was going to bod, and could not soo any ono who might happen : to call. So the two servants ate the discarctea dinner na addition to then* own, and prepared to spend a comfortable evoning by tho kitchen fire. At 4 o'clock Jane carried Catherine some tea, and at tended to her fire j at 6 she went again, and at 8 she took hor " a nico basin of gruel," with a spoon ful of brandy in it-Jane's panacea for every kind of affliction, whether of mind, body, or estate. When sho fetched away tho tray, Catherino bade her make up tho fire and not disturb her anymore that night. Tho next day Mrs. "Wreford rose Into, but sue did nob come down stairs. She looked liko a ghost both servants said j and cook thought she must he vory.bad, as she did not caro at all what she liad, for duiner. She had said to her when she wont to take orders as usual, "Got what you like for yourselves and for mo; only I do not want miich of any thing; and do not disturb me ; I will ring the boil' if I need either of you." " She will have to bestir herself, though, to morrow," said cook, who was beginning to think that missis was " taking on" a little too much, when'she might just as well have had nico little dinners and suppers/and a novel from the library, and somebody to drink tea and chat with her, and altogether enjoyed horsolf while master was away. And Catherine, too, was feeling that some effort must be made ; Hebert, when ho returned homo, would not expect to find tilings all sixes and SOVOUB because his daughter had gone to school. In tho abandonment of her maternal grief, she must not forgot her wifely duties. She was Btill trying to rouse herself -when the letter arrived, -which re leased her from tho necessity of present exertion, and thankfully she settled down once more toper feet stillness and such a state of iuaction as she had not known since the week immediately follow ing Anne' birth. For six long days Catherine did absolutely nothing ! She left tho house to tho servants. She did not wish to be told who called and wanted to seo lier ; and she did not even think for many minutes consecutively, because, as soon as she began to reflect, sleep overpowered her-a strange 'sorb ofr".sloep, which did not refresh her, for it was so much like stupor, but which, never theless, I believe saved her from very serious illness. Had sho been able fully to dwell upon her sorrow, the feverishness and headache which oppressed her would most likoly have been deve loped into something worse. I noed not say she did not go to church on Sun day. Sho got nj} and sat by tho fire in her dress ing-gown, and Jane put her Bible and hymn-book and several " good books" on thc table bofore her ; but they were nover oponed. Her listlessness and drowsiness were combined with physical pnin, and she shivered and bumed all over by turns, and drank tumbler after tumbler of cold water all tkroueh that misorablo Sundav. while tho anet ?wind whistled and moaned in the chimney, and tlie.snow drifted across the desolate white garden, and tho sleet drove in fierce gusts against the window- panes. Soinotiines church-bells rang and tolled; sometimes an omnibus horn sounded in the distanco ; sometimes sho woke, and sometimes she slept, and sometimes she thought aimlessly about the merest trifles, and sometimes- especially in the twilight-she dreamed dreaniB that were not very far removed from mild delirium. In fact, Catherine was really ill in body-fur moro ill than she at all suspected. She thought she had fretted herself, " given way," as Robert would have said, till she was downright poorly ; but she did not know that only tho unbroken quiot, the absence of outward disturbance, and the continued drowsiness against which she scarcely cared to struggle, saved her, in all human probability, from a Bevere and dangorous attack of fever on the brain. It waa not till Tuesday morning that she once more came down stairs, trembling at every step, and feeling as if tho lower rooms of her own house were strange and now to her. But Robert would almost certainly bo at home that evening, and she must shake herself out of the lethargy to .which she had succumbed for tho last week almost. Na ture had taken her full revenge for tho overwork and strain imposed upon her ever since that event ful evening when Robert returned from Croydon and imparted his designs. Mother Nature is;very patient and longsuffering ; but the day inevitably arrives when tho cup of her just displeasure over flows, and she assumes for the nonce tho frown and unrelenting character of Nemesis. As the day wore on Catherine felt better-a littlo moro like herself. And yet, as sho roused herself to give somo necessary orders, and took out her work- basket after tea, she hud a curious sort of feeling ¡is though she had died and begun a fresh lifo, rathor than resumed the lifo which had been interrupted for a few days only. The first thing she saw in her basket was an unfinished cambric frill that she luid begun to make for Anno several months ago ; it was not wonted now, but she took it uj> and went on with it, scarcely knowing why sho did so. Her fingers shook so she could scarcely guide her needle, and in less than half-nn-hour, having made very slow progress, and pricked her self like any bungler at sowing, she felt thoroughly tired out. She lay back in her chair shading her eyes with her hands, thinking : " "What is tho matter with mo ? - I never felt Uko this before ! And yet I have not been ill, and I have eaten moro to day. What is it ? - Why am I so weak and nerveless and stupid? Am I going to die ? I feel like it. Should I bo sorry P I think not j I am BO tired-so very tired 1 And I know now that I have been tired a long, long while, only I 'could not rest. And yet I could not die without jEoeing my darUng's face again, Yet; if God calls, I cannot but c«. JTis will be done I" Sho spoke tho lost words aloud, and though' they wore her own utterance, they gave her a strange, sweet comfort. " Yes," she resumed; ') I have struggled and re belled against God'ji'willj and that is why, tho pain has boen so heavy ¿to bear. I have often heard it said that the burden.of the cross is,light and easy while we carry it willingly, and that itgrows heavy and torturing when wo refuse to take it up. Ah ! my God ! what a weak and foolish ohild of Thine I am; and how great is Thy patinece and Thy love ! Do with mo as thou wilt; let Thy will he mino , [ i " * Our wills aro ours, wo know not how, Our wills are ours to moko thom Thiuo 1 .' And before BIIO could say "Amen" sho hoard tho familiar rattle of. Robert's latch-key. She sat upright, and took a stitch or two, then ho was in tho rooom. "Well, ina!" ; " Well, Robert !" She could say no moro ; words of welcome died on hor lips.! . ' Ho came to hor and kissod hor, saying, " Well, and how hove you got on all this miser able weather ? By tho way,j it is thawing fast to night. How soon will supper bo ready ?" " Shall I ring and ask ?" "Nb, no ! it is quite corly; it lias not struck 8. But,: good JieavcnsJ -what have you boen doing to yourself P Do you know bow you aro looking P" And Ko turned tho gas full on as ho spoke ; it had been' very low over since tea- titno. "Oh, don'tj! the lightjhurts mo," she Batd^with a shrinking shé could not control. "I have had siích dreadful headaches.", "Headaches ! You must havo boon very ill! Yon look as. if you liad been at death s door." " No, I have not beou ill, only very poorly. I think I must have taken a heavy cold. I had Buch fits of shivering, and was so feverish between willies." " And I dara say you starved yourself." "I could hot eat.!, I forced myself to swallow a little,'as a duty ; but I do not think food taken against ono's inclination docs much good." "Good! I never Baw you look so bad in my lifo ; you have lost flesh ; you have hollows in your temples, and black oireles under your eyes, and your lips aro white and parched. What hare you done for yourself ?" "Oh, nothing particular. Just nursed myself in my own room, and kept warm and quiet. I have been as idle as a drono, and left the maids to manage tho house as they would. I nm better now. I wonder if there is such a thing as sup pressed influenza V " I don't know ; but you shall have advice. Did you send for Dr. Rayner ?" " No, indeed ! I am not fond of doctoring, and it was only* a bad, feverish cold, and-and-a little overstrain of feeling, perhaps. Don't trouble about mo ; tell mo of your journey," " Woll, I left Miss Anne quite well and happy ; tho young puss did not make much trouble of say ing good-byo to mc. I suppose she exhausted her tears and lamentations on the Thursday. She cheered up wonderfully on board tho steamer, and she and Phillip Rutland struok up quito a friend ship. I was down in tho cabin, ns sick ns a dog, and ready to die. You'll never catch mo tnking that long passage again. I crossed this morning from Calais, and I felt horriblv minhninb . but wo mudo Dover before thore was time for any real mischief. Crossing to Dieppe, you get worse and worse every hour, till you don't caro whether you <*o to the bottom or not. I should think after you havo been sick for a week or two, you would pobi tively thank anybody who would hvavo you over board ! Ugh ! I shudder when I think of it. I'll take you to Paris, ma, 6ome time thia summer, if I can manage to leave tho business for a week or two; but we will cross from Dover. No more Newhaven and Dieppe for ino, unless Noptuno can bo bribed to onsuro a calm. You ought to seo Paris, ma. And I have bought you a dress and a bonnet, and a box of something they call lingerie. All tho maids and matrons of Hackney, whose fathers and husbands havo not been to Paris, will turn pale with envy." ""Why do you call mo ma ?" " Isn't it your proper stylo and title ? I thought you were extra proud of your maternal claims." " Years ago, wo agreed that we were tho child* a father and mother ; I cannot think of myself as wma, And ' ma' is positively hateful." " Nonsense, nonsense ! Don't make mo cross, Catherine, the moment I como home. I am in the very best of tempers ; don't put me out. I am really tired of disputes and grievances ; only I . think it best that Anne should call you mamma, and me papa, as other youngpeoplo ia her position do, and I told her so." " What did she say ?" " Slie promised at once to call me papa, and sho did so there and then ; but she objected to your being anything else but ' mother.' As we were just parting, I did not caro to proBS it ; but of coursa she will respect my wishes when she conies to think it over. As for you, I'll call you anything you like- Dame Dumpling, or Mother Goose, or Dolly, or-" " Just as you pienso ; I like best to bo Catherin© to you and . mother' to Anno." " As obstinate as ever ! I wonder if Catherines -being also Kates-are naturally screwish and self-willed! You ought to have married a Po truchio." Catherine tried to smile; at that moment she felt as little like a termagant as Robert felt like Job I but the sniilo only made her look moro ghastly than before, and again Mr. Wreford de clared ho would have Dr. Rayner to seo her on tho morrow, whether sho wanted him or not. Sho was evidently out of sorts|; it was a clear case of debility and nerves ; elie must liavo nourisliing things, calves'-feet jelly, and isinglass in her tea, and she must take quinine and port-that would set her up faster than anything. Nothing like tonics and nourishing food, when ono had got be low par ! And that reminded him ho liad had only a, cup of coffeo since his early dinner in Grace church-stroet, and ho thought a glass of wino would do liim good. Catherine rose, and wont to tho sideboard. Sho open a I it, brought out tho docanters and put til cm on tho table, together with a wine-glass. Robora Ailed it and drank it off, then said, ". Come, my dear, let me fill it up again for you ; I know Dr. Rayner will preucribe essence of beef, quinine, and good old port ! Drink it, now. Uko a good, sensiblo Darno Dumpling !" " I cannot, Robert j indeed, I caaaot." " My dear Cathoriue, that is simply nonsense. I am not. sure "but that it is a little fib Í You may not like to drink it, but you can drink it, you know, as easily as I drank mine. Take it as medicine j don't sip it. Take- it down, and don't .! think about it, as you would a doso of salts and Bonna." Cathorino was standing on tho hearth-rug, resting one hand on the mantel- piece. She was very white, and Robert said to himself, rather un easily, "I don't like her looks at alli Is Bho sickening for any sort of fever, I wonder ?" . He put tho glas of wino on the mantel-piece be side her. How dreamily she looked at him ! How odd sha was i In all their married lifo, in all their longk acquaintance, ho had novor soon her like this. Ho bogan to bo frightened ; if she had really taken Anne's removal to heart so deeply, ho Bhould havo to blame himself ! He had not como home for experiences such as those ; ho had liulf prepared himself for reproaches, and for tears and sobs, and perhaps for a little genuino hysteria, when she saw bim return alone ; and ho had quito made up his mind to bo kind and patient, and to take into consideration her motherly and womanly weaknesses. He would maka every allowance, even if she wero " a little trying I" But that for which ho liad prepared himsolf did not hapj>en. This was not temper ; this was not hysteria ; it looked uncommonly like very serious indisposi tion ; and ho could not havo believed that any person not suffering from mortal malady could alter so much in tho short space of six days ! " Do drink tho wino, Catherine," ho said, ploadingly, for lie bogan to bo actually alarmed. " What is it, my dear ? What do you feel P Catherine, don't look liko that ! You seem to bo, staring at Bomothing a hundred miles away 1 Why , don't you speak ? Will you Ho down ?" ' [TO DB CONTINUED. 