OUR LOCAL PULPIT ; AS. VIEWED FROM THE PEW. Ax.li Saiotb. That snug odifico at the commencement of 'Wiokham Torraco is, I am assured, tho most popular churoh in Brisbane. Whother this be nttributablo to tho eloquence sf tho preachor or to tho choral ecrvice, iB not mattor for present solution, but a church filled to - repletion twice every Sunday must bo pleasing- to tho incum bent and all persons officially associated with it. There ia certainly no visible external Biirn in oonneotion with All Saints to render it at all impressive or inviting, but internally it bears evidence of tho refined taste of its ehief founder, in the form of illuminated work. It muBt be confessed that tho artistic windows placod at the chancol end, enrich that portion of the church to an oxcessivo degree not warranted by its general architectural domerits. Tho best supporters of tho church admit that it is not well built, although comfortablo, and' adapted for divine worship. By removing tho rear wall at any time, and throwing it back in the direction of Mr. M'Culloch's property, the accommodation can bo increased; but with a olaim of £900 still against tho church, any oxtension seems remote. The churches, like tho commercial world, aro, I regret to say, soriouBly affected just now by tho impoverishing influence of bad times. Proof is given hero, that tho vitality of the English colonial chuich in no way depends upon rich endowments, aa a reminder is affixed to each scat, intimating that ita maintenance almost entirely depended on tho offertory, to whioh people were invited to contribute according as God had prospered them, and subscriptions were also requested from those who could afford it, towards the stipend fund. The italics ore mine ; 'invited.' would- havo read pleasanter, and for less imperative. I have already spoken of the beautiful ohancel windows, next come the altar table, which is a pieco of furniture appropriate to tho size and style of tho chancel. Itiscoveredof course with! a fine linen cloth, and bears over it a large cross in braBswork, and a couple of vaBes, .holding rich bouquets of flowers. Front ing the chancel is a plain stono pulpit, the gift' of Dr. Taylor, and prayer desk on. the other side, presented by Dr. Hobbs, so ,that the medical faculty are conspiouous in their contri butions. In the centre of tho chancel atop stands an eagle'leotern, carved from wood. Eleven o'clook is tho signal for a commence ment of c tho service ; at this hour nearly every aya'Uble sitting is occupied by the regular worshippers, amongBt whom on thiB occasion were the Bishop, and Mrs. Hale. A door on one side of the chanool, opening into one oi tno siae aiues, is arawn dbck Dy » verger, and a way come snrpliced youths and m6n, who with measured and solemn gait, wend their way round the pulpit, followed by the Incumbent. They take their places at tho ohoiistersv seats; whilst the Rev. 0. G. Robin, son- passes on to the prayer desk. The organ almost simultaneously ceases with this move ment, and Mr. Robinson with fine sonorous voice, reoiteB tho beautifulservice of the Church of England, and having road prayers, he quickly ascends- the pulpit. His sermon was appropriate to the season, and as the reverend gentleman discoursed freely on tho ' real pre sence' from his point of view, I proposo to give his remarks upon that point in extinio. The text was from St. John xiv. v. 18. ' I will not leave you comfortless, I will come to you.'' ' All through those forty days, tho church lingered, so to speak, in the fourth Gospel, over the words, recorded by St. John, aB spokon by our Lord on tho night of his betrayal. In those wonderful discourses of the dark night of the betrayal, all seomed ohanged. The carping Saduceo, and tho calumniating Pharisee, were no more near to vex and to interrupt ; even tha traitor had withdrawn, and when the Saviour looked round ho saw those only who loved him, of whoso hearts he was sure, for . ho had drawn them to himself with the chords of a man. In St. John xiv., xv., xvi., they had the pouring out of the heart of Jesus for his disciples and for his wholo church throughout all time.' Having descanted on the last word3 of Christ)' words which, uuder tho teaching of the Holy Ghost, tho church had gathered up into creeds whioh were passed on from generation to gene ration, of what was to be believed as the very foundation of, our Christian faith, the , proacher onlarged on the fulfilment of Ohriat's promises. ' Look at the ' first fulfilment — his coming during tho forty days. How it strengthened their, faith, scat tered their fears, and built up their' hopea^ Yet ho was with them suddenly, and as suddenly loft them. It was what we call an accidentr'. presence.' jThe. .-preacher thus expressed his views on th» real presence : ' I say distinctly that Christ's prosenco after the day of Pento. cost was more real than before. And I want you to consider this, and to let the - thought fasten upon your minds and hearts, for it ia one which we need to think of specially, and yst i Booms, very . likely, strange at first sight, and hard to- reooive. And1 the reason why it seems hard to believe this is that we ere» tempted to think that matter' is moro real than spirit; we .. think Of a spiritual pros'onco not as a real pre sence, but' as an impression made on our spirits, as when we read a letter of an absent friend, or look at his photograph, and say,' 'Wo can feel that ho is with us.' We be lieve thoroughly in that whioh is material ; what we can see and feel and handle and taste — that iB real, to us vory roal, but whatever ib outside the- cognisanoo of our B0niea--namoly, what we oall spiritual — that is not real to us in the. same sense. Indeed, many persons'supposo that nothing is roal except what is: sensible and that Christ's real prosenco is not ideuticul with his spiritual presencer-that those who assort tho one deny the other. But consider carofully, is not this contrary' to reason and faot? For -what is tho most true, most real existence that wo kuow ? Not that which is material, but that which is spiritual. Who is the lifo of all lifo, the sourco aud contre.of all .being t. Tho everlasting God. What is the first thing that we bclievo about Him P That God is a spirit,' immaterial, without body, parts, or passions; tho diost roal existence we know of is not that whioh is material, but that whioh is immaterial. I say again that tho moat real preaenco of the Lord was not when ho 'showed himself alivo after hie passion and mude him self manifest, but when he fulfilled his promise tho seoond time, and came to them in the power of tho Holy Ghost. Then the eternal spirit par took of tho things of Christ, and thero was a far more real, and not only a morereal, but a closer presenoo. Wo caunot help porcoi'ving that before the resurrection thore was something which seemed to keep the disoiples at a distance from the Lord. Thoy oftentimes could not understand his words, aud spoke one to anothor concerning thom. Thus ho said onco to Saint Phillip, ' Havo I been no long timo with you and yot ImBt thou not known mo ? ' So again, in this day's gospel what is this that ho saitb, ' A little while ; ' wo oannot toll what he saitli. But with tho presence of the Spirit thore eame aolo'aor, more intifa'ato prosonco. 'Iin them and thou in]mo.' ' I know my shoop even as tho Father kaowoth mo.' Comparo , tho 1 ! - langaaje of St. Paul' in-hft)' epistle wfbi'any' ' , thiny. in tho gospols boforo tho timo of the ' ascension). sud you may sco how closely hs folt and 'realised the presonco of Christ. Hisaoifl1, his' - wholo Sfo waB shot through and through by the ' linos of tho lifeof Christ, so tliatthe two could not bo sopamtbd — ' Who shall aopiirato uS from'the '' ' lovo of Christ? 'I live, yet not I but Christ livoth in'ao; to mo to livo is- Christ.' And as it was a-'oloser and more intimate presence, so it was more abiding. Christ's-prcsenco with his faithful-' ones in tho days oi7 his flesh was ? liable to tbo-accident of separation. Tho storm rises and bursts on tho disciplca-in thoir little craft on tho Sea-of Gilileo, and Jfcsus was not with thom. Ho was alone on tho stiorej and tho poor souls wero terror stricken in their solitude. But afterwards it was. not so, for th'o presence was abiding, and knew no acoident. It was ; constant. Tho world could' not check it, per secution could not destroy it. It sustained the martyrs in tho violenco of firo, in the agonies of death abiding ever with them. To the rich and poor, tho learned and ignorant alike, the-, promise- of tho text was given, - I will not leave you comfortless orphans. I ? am always ?; coming.' This is the presence Christ has-given to you and to mo. If our life in Christ' is true ? this is his presence with us. If in a greater or less degree this presence is not with U9, then our life is not the true pattern of the disciples of Jesus. Romember tho mystery of His -pro- senco evjn in His holy Church, toeaoh faith-. - i ful soul — not to all — to- the faithful and humble only. Hobce it is written,' ' Whom tho world ' ' cannot receive because it seeth. Him not.' We havo to guard carefully against that false \i' materialism, which believes (only the yisible- ?. ,an-l, which; lies at; the root of unbelief. Men, ''.X often say, How can I believe in thiB -presence ^ ' of OhriBt with his people, and so -they are led - ' 'i'*- -'v to disbelieve his revelation altogether; but on' ?' ' the. surface of tho revolation thore 'is tho' jlaiii , . 1 V warning, 'Whom the, world oannotreoblye,&o-; Godgrant thatitmay not bo so witkany of ns, and lot ub search our hearts thiailay and ask, . , . each one, la this presence oi Christ with me?. . . . My biethro'n, does it seem-to yoh that 1 I have been desbribing a-' state 'of things '' 0;' mwely ..ideal, impracticable, -unutterable!.' ' Yet, blessed bo ? God, these things are real fo inany [Christians. We live far below ._ | soph a standard, do wo ;not, every flne.of us ;: ,, , - far below- it, evfery onoof us; both I who- speak;..'' -i7-. and you 'who are listening— wo hay a so little faith, so' little love, ' We 'let things 'torment na 4 and distress us,- and keep us down iind'lceep iis ? baok when this truth migh pervade ouc whote life, our thoughts and words -and deeds. Ob,-. - -? it is a blessed truth, this' trutt of- Christ's'- ? presence with usby-His spirit. He -with ma ? — His presence within me, close, intimate,, ready to reieive, ready to. love, ready to under stand me, seeing all my faults, all my endea- 7 yours. Would that we lived more as in Hifi presence. Wo cannot keep oompanionBhip . jWith a nobler-minded man than ourselves, . without being the better for it. If, then, we would live as in his presence, what a daily lifting up it would be, above the littleness, . meanness, and weakness of this life into the higher, nobler, purer lifo of the Son of God.. 0 beloved Jesus, leave ns not comfortless in the helplessness of our orphanhood, but come to us and dwell by thy Holy Spirit, and make our hearts thy dwelling place, and worthier theo, bo that wo have our part in that remain ing fulfilment whioh shall far exceed all the others when our eyes shalliseo Thee, and our souIb bo one with Thee, and when, through all eternity wo shall rejoice in Xhy presence and Thy love.' ' The Rov.! Mr. Robinson is an M. A., of Cam bridge, having passed through a rather bril liant course at College. Ono could hardly have heard him at a greater disadvantage than on Sunday morning, for the subject of his dis course is one upon whichidiverse views prevail, ? and upon which many of the clergy believe tho less said tho'bettor. But Mr; Robinson's ' are not half-expressed Bentimonts ; ?' there can -; -? ? be no mistaking his belief as to the real pre sence,' and when we look for proof of what is stated, we fail to find anything, stronger than the ' belief ' in these assertions. The preacher is firm in his faith, and . the greater portiop of his hearers miiy be also ; but to recito a Eerinon of this kind, in the hope that it would convert outsiders tola' similar belief, would be puerile. - ' The world is growing more and moro scoptical .', ' everyday, and decidedly averso to the aooept- ' aneo of a proposition to the effect that the ' : 1 '' most true, and most real existence we know of is not that whioh is material, but that1 whibh is spiritual.' But. so long , as the Rev. 0. G. Robinson and tho members of , his churoh are satisfied on tho point, I do not. S9B why, .ib ? i a should ooricern rude outsiders.. . The trousseau of the Princess. Louise Marga ret of Prussia, was (says the Queen j more re markable for its simplicity aind usefulness' than 5 for its splendour. Tho bridal dresa is of heavy white satin, and tho low bodioe is embroi dered withjlaoe four inches in width The skirt is ornamented with lace twelve inchos ; in width, and thero- is ' attached ': 1 -.! in front, a little towards the - right, a / small bouquet of myrtle. , The train is thirteen. feet long, and is covered by a. rioi lace flounoe,' ' ' tho width of whioh ia threo feot and a half,' and npon .whioh' is laid a branoh of myrtle. The. bridal veil is a square -of loco blossoms, about ten feot arid a half square, ? whioh' will- ' be fastened to the top of thu crown, enveloping tho , .; Princess. All tho lac-o iB of the finest point d'Alen-;on; the dofign; modern in Btylej'repre- ' / ?' senting a fantastio combination of oranges, ' myrtle, and: roses. The bridal handkerchief is j, made on tho same pattern, and has in one oorner the interlaced name of the bride, aud in the other tho Prussian eaglo. The bridal Wreath, tho, orange blossoms and loavos will be' added in England. Tho reccnt bereavements in tho two Royul und Imperial families have rendered sevoral black robes de cottr for the Princess indispeusiblo. Among theso aro a. velvet dress, bodice, aud skirt richly embroi dered with peurl laco ; a satin dress with black: ? ? Iaco ; arid a dross of rop, tho. satin insertion of which is adorned with rich bead i embroidery. The travelling costume is ,grpy, braidedj Yfith. ; , , i , .? soutache. *.? ??«- '? ? ' !??- 7 Dit. Dresser Bays: — ' A oertain kind of soarf wovon in a certain 'part of Japan^was; 'whon ' 1 ? - single, worth about ono pound steirlirljSf. ' Thoy wore then Buch ns any;ludy in th^' liiiid .might .. covet; -but to' ourselves ir^parfcj' 'and 'still; more V,'.,.; ? '-1 to the Americans; attaotiwtho blamo-bf bring.0 , ' ' ing comparative ruiu to tho town where tbey wero made, and of destroying a lovoly manufac- ' tore. 'I willgiveyon'18s.Baoh'for'tliBm^— .r— will give you 16b.' 1 1 will give ,yqp , l-2a.,' afld bo on. ThiB is what tho consecutive foreign' merchants said, till tho]ttHt.gtiyoabout.3^.,Let ,., ... . mo show you' what thiB lovply munul'uotuyb bUs degenerated to ; and these miseraWe fabrics are' tho beat that oun now' bo proourM at'iho'tbwn ' ' ' 7 'r whoro once only beantit'ul object* . were, miide.' ' Wo talk of tho degenoracy of ? Japanoso* niauu- ? fnctures, but who is the cause of this sad falling off in tho quality of thoir .. productions P ~ And . ' wo wonder whether' Japan oanl now .'produce' . .. . 1 : ' what it did' prior to ttio ' overthrow 'of the Sho- , , goon's rulol I am happy-tptoU yoft'that'the' ! Japanese arts are not yet' lost, and! that 'r, ' , Japanese lovo of the beautiful hiiB ' not been' ' ' stifled, forin nil cases whoreil offered romu'neVa- '- -' ? tivo prioea I got the'old thing with its beauties ; and strange merits. 'But -as wo are thus l ; «'?' destroying the beautiful arts of- a peopld Satur- ' ' -«'?! ated with the -refinebonts'whioh spring only ?; ; from un old oiviliBatlon, can - wo' wonder at 1 1 'i that disliko- to 'the foreigner whioh'permeates ? so utuohof Japanese sobietyP I do not, and ; ? „.mi were I a Japanesol should hate tho foroiguoc ', with a eincero and unmitigated Katred.'' t ,. .l-.-.-i,'/,' atWi 