BROADBRIMS' SEW YORK LETTERS. No. 22. The season of camp meetings ia upon us, and indeed it seems like a relief to escape from the sight of gilded organs, painted windows, and velvet-padded pews, and underthe free blue sky, and beneath the green waving branches of tho forest trees, to come back to first, simple principles, in the pure worship of God. It was, undoubtedly, with some such laudable feeling as this, that the brethren and sisters of the African Wcsleyau Mission betook themselves down to Canarsie last week, for the purpose of holding a camp meeting. I don't know why it is that our white christian brothers and sisters of other denominations hardly seem to take kindly to our coloured brother, but I notice whenever tlioy have a camp meeting, whether at Ocean Urove, Block Island, Round Lake or Martha's Vine yard, as a general thing our colored brethren and sisters are left out in the cold. Shakespeare speaks somewhere of the sable heavens, and evi dently theao christian people seem neteriniued that their colored friends shall enjoy it all alone, by themselves. I was, therefore, not surprised to hear that tho African Wesleyan Mission had determined to go into camp at Canarsie. It i3 true that there was no grand stretch of forest trees, but there was plenty of clam soup, and tho absence of greeu3ward was more than com pensated by tha dilapidated floor of a profane dancing hall, which, in bygone day3 had trembled beneath the ponderous tonnage of the Dutch frowa of Jamacia and East New York. The pulpit was a short counter, which in secular times has served as show-case for atewed eels, pickled tripe and clam chowder, while lager, and drinks less innocent, had passed over it by the puncheon; and on one occasion (and that not long ago) the gospel tont had served as the arena for a cock-fight; and even more recently a couple o£ feather-weight champions had punaelled each other for two hours and a half, the -winner receiving, in consideration of two broken ribs, and a nose disfigured for life, the magnificent sum of twenty-liva dollars and twenty- five ceuta, and the loser gotting a broken arm and two years in the penitentiary. Early last Sabbath morning, our coloured friends might havo been seen wending their way from all points of tho compass to Canarsio. Though ostensibly a camp meeting, it was rcally a sort of spiritual pic-nic, whore the flavour of ham sandwiches was mixed up with the songs of Solomon, while Schweitzer kase and bologna sausago gave zest to Paul's Epistle to tho Corin thians, aud flavoured the choicest passages of the Sermon on the Mount. Deacon Summers, of Zions Temple, was on hand early in the ac tion, and acted as master of ceremonies; he will be remembered as the gentleman who two years ago during a fight in brother Murray's church, knocked sister Brown clean through the front of the pulpit, aud then swore in court, "dat he nebber, nebber eben saw de lady in all his life." Brother Sloper opened the meeting with the announcement " dat lie wanted GUry boy on dat groun' to behave hisself, and not let de white folks tink dat dey had a scamp msetin' dere in stead of a camp meetin." This .witty sally was received with thunders of applause, and remarks from the audience, "de ole man's head i3 level," " dat's the talk brudder Sloper," " hit him agin, he ain't got no frena," and other oxpressians equally complimentary. At last tho meeting was fairly opened; prayer was said, several an nouncements wero made, and all the congrega tion joined in singing the stirring hymn, " 1'se agwain' up to Hebben in a railroad keer." After thus getting hi3 audiencc warmed up, brother Slopor made the announcement that a " koilec ahun would now be taken up jess to pay de expenses." Immediately there was a rush for tho adjoining bushes, and in less than a minute, one half of the congregation had vanished. Deacon Summers had secured an empty cigar box, which he fastened to the end of a broom handle, and proceeded to collect the contribu tions of the faithful. When the box was turned inside out, it was found to contain just seventy two ceBts. Brother Sloper cast an eagle glance at the diminutive pile of copper, and said to the attending Deacon; " Brudder Summers, I guess de congregation don't 'zactly understaa' dat dis yorn kollecshun is fur gospel purposes, jea3 pass rouu' dat box agin." A second attempt wa3 made, and tiventy-two cents more waa added to tho pile, which so disgusted brother Sloper, that he refused to pray any more for " sich a miserable lot o£ niggers," and so the camp meet ing disbanded. IIam ha3 been actively at work during the past week, and the result is four murders— three destitute widows, and fourteen orphaned children, who will undoubtedly become paupers on the city. New York and Brooklyn have been trying to reduce the number of rum license?, but so for political considerations have overriden every consideration of the moral safety and hap piness of the community, and rum, red handed, has stalked through our streets, attended by violence and murder. One of the murder3 oc curred on Sunday, Michael Kelly killing Ed ward Ryan in a dnlnken brawl in front of a liquor store, and Patrick Kilbride attempted to kill John Kelly by shooting him at the conclu sion of a drunken tight. The neighborhoods where these murders were committed, are inhabited by the lowest class of Irish, and Kilbride, who shot Kelly, was one of the most noted ruffians in the city; time after time hr« hadjbeen sent to the penitentiary for wife-beating and murderous assaults. On Saturday he and Kelly had a tight, in which Kildbride was beaten, and on Sunday morning he secured an old musket, and shot Kelly as ho was standing in his own yard. There have been no less than six accidental drownings, and three suicides, one of the most melancholy being that of Nathan Mayer, who hung himself on a tree at Weehawken, not far from the spot where Hamilton was killed by Aaron Burr. Mr. Mayer was a highly respected gentleman, and only married a few months ago to ths beautiful daughter of one of our wealthiest Hebrew resi dents. Financial misfortunes overtook him, and, ui a moment of despondency, he took his own life. Oar Stock Market has been exceedingly lively, and for lack of eutside gudgeons, the bulls and bears fell feul of each other,- and succeeded in disposing of over twenty thousand shares of stock. Nobody appears to have made any money. The market fluctuated so rapidly, that it seemed to be a game at see-saw, where the downs equalled the ups. Two million, mostly in gold bars, found its way back from Europe last week, to pay for the provisions that we have been sending to our English cousins; the balance of trade is over two hundred and fifty millions in our favour, Brother Jonathan's clothes are getting too small for him—that long, [swallow tailed coat, and those attenuated pants—will have to give W37 to 3 new suit, after the style of John Bull. On Monday a child named Mary Quiulan, five years of age, was left alone in a roern by its parents, and contrived to get hold of a tiask containing a pint of bad whiskey, which its father had left on the table. When the parents returned, they found the child on the floor, in a beastly state of intoxication, and on Tuesday it died in the hospital, another terrible warning of the effects of intoxicating liquors. This has been a severe week for Coney Island, the bad weather affecting its patronage at least thirty thousand dollars a day. A violent storm on Tuesday night washed away the landing on the great iron pier, causing considerable anxiety for the structure itself, which, however, success fully withstood the fury of the tempest. A remarkable case occurred in Brooklyn last week, which, as usual, comes to the front with a startling sensation. Some few months ago, a notary by the name of Nagle died, leaving his widow a snug little fortune of about forty thousand dollars. Mrs. Nagle not being much of a business woman, got a man by the name of Wade to manage her affairs, and it was said that Mrs. Nagle, to drown her grief, would some times take a lunar observation through the bottom of a whiskey bottle; in short, that Mrs. Nagle got drunk. About three weeks ago, Mrs. Nagle suddenly disappeared, and after searching Now York and Brooklyn through, they couldn't find as much as her garter. To all intents Mrs. Nagle was 11011 est inventus. About a week after her disappearance, a body was picked up in Martin's dock, which, being exposed in the Morgue, was identified by the agent Wade, as the body of Mrs. Nagle. A number of wituesse. were brought from New York, female friends of the lady, and all of them swore that the corpse was that of Mrs. Nagle. An inquest was held a few days after, and again Wade swore it was Mrs. Nagle, and a number of females came for ward, and all of them sustained the testimony of Mr. Wade, and testified to the dissolute character of the deceased. A lady closely reiled sat in the corner of the room apparently an interested listener. After tha testimony was all in, and all the affidavits signed, the Coroner went and lifted the lady's veil, aud asked Mr. Wade aud the ntlier wit nesses if they had ever seen that lady before. Tableau! There before them, in propria pirsoiur., stood the identical Mrs, Nagle whom they all swore was a ghost on the other side of Jordan. Wade »et upanddustedasthoug'nthe was after him, and the female friends aud relatives made themselves scarce in less time than it takes to tell the story. Mrs. Nagle, it is said, has since got rid of her unfaithful agent, aud now we are all trying to find out who tho woman was over which the inquest was held. As yet we are all in the dark, but if I find out, I'll let you know in ray next letter. 