VERNON BASCOM : BY "JEFF CRAMER" (W. WATKINS). CHAPTER IX.—MR. BELLINGER'S FIRST MOVE. ' BEFORE proceeding with your story,' com- menced Bins, ' I may as well inform you that it is to Miss Bascom you are indebted for a draft of one thousand pounds, and the informa- tion that has no doubt brought you here. I wish you to thoroughly understand your posi- tion so as to prevent mistakes. A statement having been made by a friend of the late Ver- non Bascom that he, the said Vernon Bascom, had left a legitimate son living in Australia, Miss Bascom decided to find out, for her own and her brother's satisfaction, how far the state- ment could be borne out by proofs. The means she has taken so far are explained by the letter you received, which was sent by me, acting under her instructions. Now, sir, before going into this painful affair—for painful it will be if you can prove your title—I wish to know if you will subscribe to the following conditions if we —that is, speaking for myself and the lady— are satisfied with your proof, resign to you all properties left by the late Vernon Bascom, will you, I again repeat, agree to allow a certain fixed income of not less than seven hundred a-year to this lady's brother—Horace Bascom ; and also give up your right to recover any moneys spent up to date by Miss Helen Bas- com and her brother Horace ?' ' As far as the second part, willingly,' replied Vernon, with a smile. ' As for the first, I am not aware whether I should be in a position to do so ; I do not know the value of the pro- perty.' ' My letter mentions the sum of five thou- sand pounds a-year,' said Bins, coldly. ' The property from which the income is derived is unencumbered.' ' In that case, yes, also. I know five thous- sand was mentioned ; but, of course, I was not aware whether the income was clear. I should like in that case, also, to make a provision for Miss Bascom for the same amount. I have not many wants. We will say one thousand a-year each for the lady and her brother,' and Vernon looked as if he thought the affair was settled, and he had only to take possession. Miss Bascom had been silently watching Vernon during the above conversation, and as she watched she became convinced that, what- ever Joel had plotted, this man before her was no impostor or accomplice of his. There was something too honest in his whole bearing for that, and she felt drawn towards him in a way she could hardly account for. Would that Horace was like him, she thought, and she nodded to Bins to go on, that gentleman hav- ing apparently been waiting his cue from Helen, whom he evidently expected to make an obser- vation due to Vernon's proposal. ' Hem ! just so,' again commenced Bins. ' You must understand we do not intend to give up possession unless thoroughly convinced of your identity and satisfied with your proofs.' Vernon's countenance fell, a fact noticed by the keen-eyed old lawyer. ' If you are an impostor, which is quite pro- bable,— Helen made a gesture, which Bins took no notice of. ' If you are an impostor, you know the situa- tion you place yourself in, and the penalty at- tached. So, having placed everything before you in a business manner, I will, if you please, listen to your story,' and, seating himself at his desk, Bins took a pen in his hand, and pre- pared to note down anything that seemed to him necessary. Helen rose, and approaching Vernon, said, ' Whatever the result of this interview may be, Mr. Deering, I for one am convinced that you honestly believe you have some claim on us. Should you not be able to satisfy Mr. Bins as to its justice, no steps will be taken to subject you to any annoyance ; on the contrary, by naming the sum sufficient to defray what ex- penses you have incurred, you will confer a favour on myself, and the amount will be handed to you by Mr. Bins.' A look of gratitude was Vernon's reply, who for the first time had an opportunity of getting a fair view of the lady, the result of his scru- tiny being to create a decidedly favourable im- pression on him with reference to Helen ; and holding out his hand, which Helen took with- out any hesitation, he thanked her for her good opinion, and proceeded to tell his story. Vernon had, as has been stated, a noble ap- pearance and handsome features ; in addition to these he had what is so rarely seen in hand- some men, great power of expression. Add to this a full rich voice, and an impressive man- ner, and it will be easily understood how eagerly he was listened to, and the impression he created with his story. Bins became so in- terested as to forgot entirely what he had in- tended to do in the way of taking notes, and Helen's eyes filled with tears more than once when he described the loss of his mother, and his subsequent struggles as a lad amongst those who, but for his innate goodness of character, would have dragged him down to their own level. It was told without egotism or an at- tempt to enlist their sympathies, and when he concluded Helen came over to him, caught hold of his hand, and kissed it, a proceeding which caused Bins to give vent to some very formid able hums and hahs, and made Vernon blush like a girl. Helen, who had acted on the impulse of the moment, looked and felt awkward, and retreated to her chair ; and for a few moments nothing was heard but occasional interjections uttered by Bins, who was evidently revolving in his mind the incidents outlined by Vernon. ' I am very sorry,' began Bins, and he really looked it, ' very sorry, Mr. Deering ; but as a professional man it is my painful duty to tell you that you have not established your iden- tity as the son of the late Vernon Bascom. Morally, I decline to give an opinion ; legally, you have not a leg to stand on.' ' I am perfectly satisfied,' said Helen, again approaching Vernon, with face flushed and eyes sparkling. ' Brother !' said she, addressing Vernon, ' I am willing to resign all in your favour.' ' Which I refuse to accept unless I prove my right to it," replied Vernon, proudly. ' Why not see Bellinger ?' he continued, addressing Bins. ' I shall never rest till I establish what I consider my right to the title of Vernon Bas- com's son. What I shall do then will be de- termined by circumstances. What says the lady's brother in this matter ? Ought he not to have been here ?' This was said rather im- petuously. ' That is for me to judge,' said Bins, dryly. ' Don't got excited, Mr. Deering, we are all friendly towards you ; but surely you don't ex- pect the property to be handed over to you un- less we are perfectly satisfied you have a right to it. One thing is certain ; if your father was shot in Australia he could not have died in London. I think, my impetuous young friend, that you will admit that ; that is where your case breaks down.' Helen looked thoughtful, and Vernon, who could not but acknowledge that Bins was right, agreed with him. ' I'll tell you what we will do,' continued Bins. ' We'll make up a family party to- morrow at Vernonville. You can bring your friend, whatever his name is—Bellister, or Bellinger. Ah ! that's it. I don't like him, but no matter ; he may be able to throw some light on the subject, so bring him. Say six to- morrow evening. You may depend, my young friend, on our helping you as much as possible. I have no doubt a cruel wrong, or a fraud, has been committed by someone. I suspect Gaun- son, and believe he is the only person who can throw any light on this complicated affair ; but we need not look for any assistance from that quarter. My advice is to take no steps until we see what he intends to do. We may then be able to beat him with his own weapons. I want him to show his hand. Mr. Deering, I shall be happy to see you at my private residence whenever you can spare an hour or two in the evening. Don't forget six tomorrow evening— Vernonville,' and Mr Bins descended from his stool with the air of a man who had done busi- ness for the day. Vernon felt slightly disappointed at the result of the interview, but the kindness displayed by the old lawyer somewhat mollified it. So, shak- ing hands with Bins, and respectfully taking leave of Miss Bascom, he left the office lighter- hearted than when he entered it. He found Bellinger in anything but a good temper, that gentleman looking very sourly at him as he entered ; nor did he ask Vernon a question about the result of his visit to the lawyer's office, till Vernon broached the subject himself. ' I want you to go to Vernonville with me tomorrow,' said Vernon, who could see that he was annoyed. ' We are going through the whole affair amongst us, and want your assist- ance. They could not get on without you after all, old fellow,'—this was said by way of mollify- ing the ruffled Bellinger. ' You don't say so,' remarked Bellinger, sar- castically. ' I expected to hear that everything was settled, and was preparing to visit you in your father's halls. Can't do without me, eh,' and his sarcastic tone changed to a self- satisfied laugh. ' A hitch, eh ? Now whereabouts has the hitch occurred ?—it can't be about the man who was shot, eh ?' Vernon nodded in the affirmative. ' Now that is strange,' continued Bellinger, resuming the sarcastic vein, ' and I suppose our friend with the long ears, old Bins, has told you that you can't possibly be the son of two fathers. Is that so, eh ?' Vernon nodded again, but began to feel an- noyed at the tone of Mr. Bellinger's remarks, and also his style of questioning. ' They met me in a very friendly spirit, and professed themselves willing to assist me in proving my claim,' said Vernon, curtly. ' Did they, indeed ?' asked Bellinger, enquir- ingly. ' You said we.' ' Miss Bascom was there,' replied Vernon. ' Oh !' and Bellinger elongated the interjec- tion, ' she was there, was she ; any more of the family—the brother, for instance. Mr. Joel Gaunson and a few more hangers-on who were interested in turning themselves out of house and home on purpose to install you in it,' and Bellinger chuckled satirically. ' I don't like your style of questioning, Bel- linger,' said Vernon, quietly. ' Tell me what you want to know, and I'll answer you.' Bellinger saw that Vernon was not to be trifled with any longer, so, dropping his irritat- ing style, he faced Vernon with his whiskers at their usual angle when he meant business. ' I don't want you to tell me anything,' said he, ' I know all about it ; that is all I want to know. I suppose they have pumped you of all you know, and of course they are aware you haven't the ghost of a chance of proving any- thing. Bah ! why a child can see through it. They knew there was such a person living as yourself, and so long as you were likely to turn up at any time they never thought themselves safe. They send you a cheque or draft, what- ever it is, and do the sympathetic. They suck you as dry as an orange, and now they don't care that for you,' and Bellinger snapped his fingers viciously by way of adding force to his remark. ' Why did Bins refuse to see me, simply because he knew I was a match for him. They simply wanted to find out what chance they would have if you tried to recover by means of a law-suit. Didn't that old donkey of a lawyer tell you your case is hopeless," and Bel- linger buried his chin in his hands. Vernon was obliged to confess such was the case. ' Of course,' retorted the triumphant Bel- linger, ' and now I suppose you are prepared to go back to Australia again if they will pay your expenses, and Jack Bellinger's five thousand and himself won't trouble you any further. Am I right ?—and his ferret eyes glared at Vernon suspiciously. ' No, you are not right,' and Vernon looked really angry. ' They wish to have the matter thoroughly searched into, and, as I said before, are willing to assist me. In any case 1 shall, in conjunction with yourself, not leave a stone unturned to get at the truth, even if I never claim a penny ; which is very probable."\' Bellinger groaned. ' As we say in the classics, Deering,' and he looked pityingly in Vernon's face, ' you have been got at. Can't you see that all this offering to assist is part of their scheme ; how can they assist you. There is only one man in the world who can do that, and his initials are J. B.' ' But Miss Bascom offered to resign the whole of her share of the property to me without any further proof than I was able to supply,' said Vernon, who began to be slightly staggered by the arguments used by Bellinger. ' Why didn't you take it,' asked the practical Bellinger. ' What, take from a woman what I could not prove I had the slightest legal claim to,' said Vernon, with a look of contempt. ' And do you think she hadn't thought of that before she made the offer,' replied Bellinger, with a cunning look. ' Now don't get out of temper, Deering ; you can think what you like, only don't act without seeing me first, and don't sign anything. I shall work this case up my own way, and when I make my coup, if matters don't come out right, blame me. There is only one way of working this, that is by a coup. A coup, my boy,' and Bellinger dwelt fondly and complacently on the conclusion of his remarks with evident satisfaction. ' Will you attend with me at Vernonville ?' asked Vernon, when Mr Bellinger had finished his self-congratulations. ' With the greatest pleasure, Deering ; it won't interfere with my plans in the slightest. I can listen, but I know beforehand the result as far as you are concerned. My dear Mr. Deering, will say old long ears, we are sorry, extremely sorry, you and your friend should have such a journey for nothing ; but our sense of justice would not allow us to retain the pro- perty if there had been the slightest possibility of our depriving the right owner of it. We have, at a great expense, sent for you in order that you should have fair play. We have shown you our hand, you have shown us yours. We have got the best trumps ; we win the game. As it's a good stake, we will give you a start in the shape of expenses back again. That will be about the context, though not exactly the same words, perhaps,' laughed Bellinger. ' But when do you play the cards,' enquired Vernon, in the same strain. ' Are you sure they are as good as the ones out against you.' Bellinger put on a foxy look as he said ' Do I look like a man to travel twelve or fourteen thousand miles only on a chance of winning. Why my business in Melbourne is worth fifteen hundred a year to me ; should I leave that on a chance ? No ! I know per- fectly well what I am doing ; I wasn't idle the fortnight we were in London. When I appear to be idle that is the time I am working. I am just waiting till I get from Australia a cer- tain document, but before I make use of it I must get certain information. A portion of it I wanted to get from our friend long-ears, but he bluffed me. At our little party tomorrow, I shall most likely find out all I want to know ; then, my dear boy, for the next two or three months you can take a holiday—I shall. I can't do anything in this business till the end of that time.' ' And at the end of the three months, what then,' enquired Vernon. ' Why then,' and the detective put himself in Napoleon's favourite attitude, with his hand in the breast of his coat, ' why then I perform the coup de Bellinger. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 