? Ef-ccSIa ES33 (From Black Diamond.) x ? .???; Bulli Tramway, Fridav, noon. .Tho report that the building of the Lockup hero willtake as long as it did to oroct the great wall of Chiua is believed' to bo an.exaggornted one. Tho general belief is that the Lockup will bo com pleted in about the samo length of time that the Groat Egyptian Pyramid took to bo raised. It is said the contractor is about to introduce tho olectric light at tho building, so that the work can bo pro ceeded with at night and during cloudy weather as well as in sunshine. The only thing to fear in connection with the progress of tho building is that tho workmen may strike on account ot the ' increased danger,' owing to the rapidity with which the contract is being pushed ahead. Old Sawmill, Friday, 3 p.m. Terriblo cxcitement has just been caused here among the supporters and backers of Crompton by its being currently reported that the liorso ' Billy tho Buck,' of which an obituary notice appears in this day's ' Morcury,' died from the effect of several severo ' spins' which he had with Harvey, who is training to run Crompton. It is feared that it looks rather blue for Crompton if nothing less fast than ' Billy tho Buck,' does for Harvey to train with, and that hp even killed that veteran. Friday, 5 p.m. Another startling report has reached Bulli, to tho effect that Callaway ha3 captured the Dapto t/Arllln nnrl ia „mH, 1,,',,, t. ? ''I ''' '' ''''''6 preparatory to his contest 011 Queen's Birthday with Bort. Bray here. Bert looks bewildered at tho idea of having to contend with', a gorilla grip, but he still appears confident of success. Saturday, 10 a.m. Finding that Harvey had been training with ' Billy tho Buck,' the celebrated horse ' Old Peter' has been got out of the mine for Crompton to train with. They had their first spurts this morning, Peter winning the first run, Crompton tho second, and the third being a dead heat. Both Crompton and Peter were very much blown at tho finish, but they will not belong in getting into form. A new training ground is to be selected, asvlandslips are fearod on Westmacott's Pass. It is decided that ' Old Peter' shall bo entered for tho next Sapling Stakes at Randwick, should I10 stand the training with Crompton, as I10 is expected to dp. Two to one are freely being offered here that he will not give up. the : ghost in tho training, as did the late lamented ' Billy the Buck.' Saturday, 10.30 a.m. In order to be on equal terms with Callaway as nearly as possible, Bert Bray has gone into train ing with some of Mr. Floyd's fat bullocks, taking them by the horns in the yard, and giving them the Ccrnish kink in a way that must be a caution to them. He floored three out of four this morning beforo breakfast, but the fourth being a poley, and Bert therefore having only his ears to operate upon, the tussle, after a long and severo contest, ended in a draw. Bert thinks that kind of practice will be quite equal to Callaway's with the gorilla. Saturday, 3.40 p.m. It is not true, as reported, that Barker's coach Sank out of sight in a boghole on the main road between here and the Toll bar, and that it can not be either seen or found. Fears have been expressed and are still entertained here that should Bishop Barker attempt to come this way on his Sydneyward journey, lie may sink overhead in some of the mudholes along our road, and doubtless it has been the similarity of tho nainea that gave rise to the report referred to. It is a libol on us as a community, however, to havo it circulated abroad that the mud all along our main road is deep enough to swallow up either Barker's coach or Bishop Barker, when tho truth is that tho road is so good in some places that tho mud or clay on it is not more than two and three feet deep. Saturday, 5 p.m. We Bulli folks are grossly insulted by its being said, in a very insinuating manner, that our roads are now just in tho samo condition that the Fairy Meadow Road used to be during bad weather before North Illawarra became incorporated as a municipality. This is as much as to say that if Bulli were also incorporated, its roads would now bo as good as are those of Fairy Meadow. Such comparisons are most ocnous, ana wo snouia 1101a an indignation meeting to strongly express our resentment ut it. Saturday, 5.30 p.m. . It has been decided to hold an indignation meeting as roferred to in my last bulletin, and evidence is then and there to be given to show that tho petition got up and signed here some time ago, to havo this part incorporated as a Muni cipality, was in the bag that was carried away from Mailbag Hollow towards tho sea. The peti tion when recovered from the bag was a bit of pulp, and is said to liavo beon put in a bottle, and will bo produced at the meeting, which will not be a ' circular' one but 'on the square.' 