LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, ID shiausL 1870. The Speakku look (he chair at hnlf-past 3 o'clock. . . NEW MEMBER. Mr. John Mulbon Thompson look llii' prescribed oath, signed lite roll, and look his seal as member lor Ipswich. QUESTIONS. iur. iiuLJib usitcti i no minister ior Works— : ITus (ho Government come to any settlement with Mr. Bullard its lo (ho umount of reward he is entitled to on the saving in construction of (he Railway from SVestwood lo the Comet ? — If not, why not ? The Minister fob Works (Mr. Mac- rossun) replied— 1\. No. 2\. Because the Government uro wuiting for certain information which Mr. Ballard has boon requested to supply. -Mr. Miles.' asked tho Minister for Works— j AVhnt amount, if any, is availablo from voles passed by this House for tlio purpose of Ruil- way Surveys? The Minister for Works replied— There is at present the stun of £5,210 Is. 3d. to credit of Loan Vote for Railway Surveys, which sum, it is anticipated, will be absorbed in completing tho surveys already authorised. LIFE INSURANCE x BILL.— THIRD READING. ' On the motion' of Mr. Rutledge, this Bill was read a third time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council for (heir concurrence by message in llib usual form. NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION — RESUAIP- TION OF DEBATE. Mr. Amuukst said that, in discussing llio motion proposed by (he lion, gentleman (Mr. Griffith), it would materially assist hon. members if they considered what kiudof avote it was. Was it a vole of no confidence with regard to the loan policy of. tho Government? — or was it a rolo of no confidcneo on their general- policy? It might possibly Imvo been moved by tbc bon. tbe leader of tho Oppo sition for some other reason. It was not necessary just now to describe what thai reason was ; but it might have been for his own convenience to cuablc him to find out what was tho intention of his own fol lowers. The speoelies delivered by mom- bcrs on the Opposition side of tho House showed that they wcro not ut all united amongst themselves. Tho speech of tlio lion, gentleman (Mr. Griffith) was a very half-hearted altnir; and it was to be noticed from the first that the bon. gentle- man did not enter into it in tho spirit which he geuerally exhibited on important matters of that kind. It looked very like as if tho hon. gentleman throughout was simply trying to make tho host of a had case. .What wcro lus charges ngauist me Government? The most important charge ho brought against them was that the Colonial Treasurer had not stated how the iutcrcst was to he provided, uor had laid plans and specifications of his proposed railways on tho tublo. Another charge was that lie was cutcriug into too large a loan. The second eliargo was fully an swered by tho Premier, who explained that his loan took tho shapo it did in order to show tho British public, who leut tho money, what tho colony would require during tlio ucxt tluec or ilvo years ; and iu taking that course tho lion, gentle man at the head of tbc Government proved that his . was not a short-sighted policy, but one that saw far ahead and was calcu lated to- givo confidcneo to tho money lenders in England, who upon becoming aequuinlcd with it would ho at ouco leu to sny, "This is not a make-shift policy liko that of the Into Government, hut tlio policy of a statesman." As to the plans aud specifications, it was, of course, perfectly impossible to tell wlicro lilies that were to ho built during the next three years would exactly go, or where the deviations would he, although the general direction was well known. It was enough lo known that tho Government lind a defi nite object — minioly, to open up the western country, advancing the pastoral interests, and, ut the same tune, by mcaus of short branch lines, developing tlio agricultural interests. This might not, ho a policy tlnit would suit the Opposition, hut it would certainly satisfy tho British capitalists to whom iho colony could alone look to ad- vftuce the money required. Willi respect to the interest, us the Colonial Treasurer pointed out, the money was not lo he hoi - rowed ut once, uor in ono large sum. and it was lo extend over a series of years. It wus not likely, ho might say, in connection with this part jof hi.: subject, that wo were always going to reiuuiii in a state of depression. Queensland was sharing in the crisis through which the whole of the world had passed; it had uifected, not Aus tralia alone, hut Amcricu. Ho passed through America two years ago and a gentleman who was thoroughly ac quainted with it said ho had never seen America so depressed, and thai souiu of tho railwuys wero not pay ing their working expenses, while only three- teiiths of them were paying a fan dividend. Two months ago the same gen tleman told him that the alteration for the better was something wonderful; and any one reading the papers which enmo out by the last mail would seo that a change in lin <lii'i»i!t inn nf n rnrival was nlrnndv lin. ginning in England; — that shares and stock generally was rising, and that people were getting tired of merely having gold iu the Bank of England, hearing uo interest. There was, therefore, every reuson to sup pose that a time of prosperity would shortly ho experienced by the Australian colonies. The cliaugo might ho a few mouths dis tant, but it ought not to ho longer. He wus inclined to believe tliat a hopeful view would ho tho most sensible just now. It was but natural that a colony the size of Queensland would sulTcr when others suf fered; nnd, iu a corresponding degree, when a flow of wealth was enjoyed by other uations, there would he quite sufiicicnt to put the colony in a state of prosperity. The Opposition scorned to ho dond against the Divisional Boards Bill, which was one of tho best Bills ever brought into the House, and the keystone of llic whole Gov ernment policy. It would prevent wasteful expenditure on public works, mid when tlio principle of pound for pouud was established there would bo equal justice for every portion of tho colony. If any public work wus to he done, it was only fair that people who got a direct benefit from it should pnv a fair propor tion of the outlay, and such a system wus the best guarantee that could be devised against wasteful expenditure. The speech of tho lion, gentleman (Mr. Douglas) showed most conclusively of ull that there was a split in the opposito camp. The lion, gentleman said he was u free lance — a free agent— and that he wanted a coalition ministry. The fact wns the hon. gentleman wanted a new toy. Tlio last Government, of which lie was a member, was oncq truly described by tlio lion. member for Mitchell as kaleidoscopic. During the five years the party represented by that Government were iu power they lmd three Premiers, fivo Ministers for Lauds, two Colonial Treasurers, thrco Allorueys-Goneral, five Ministers for Works, two Postmasters- and, if the bon. gentleman obtained liis wish and had n coalition Ministry, it would be one of the same lciiid. Tlio lion, gentle man evidently was fond of change, for ho himself took several positions— first of all sitting on the cross-benches, then becoming Minister for Lands, then Pre mier aiid Colonial Secretary. At ouo timo the lion, gentleman voted nguiust his party, and in his speech tho other day ho seemed ut first to be n friend of the present Government, but by-und-hye he did not know what lio was ; and he (Mr. Ainhurst) was sure no oue elso could gather what lie was from tho lion, gentle man's remarks. That the Opposition must bo thoroughly disorganised was shown further by tho member for Northern Downs, who wns once 'Premier aud Minis ter for Works, and who inaugurated a very vigorous policy, which hu lust week acknowledged lo lmvo been entirely wrong. It was gratifying lo see that lion, gentleman turn from the error of Ids whys : hut it would huvo been hotter if ho had taken tlic advice of the Opposition when lie was in olliee, nnd not plunged the country into tho expenses caused by that policy. Many of the ways in which the public money was spent while the lion, gentleman was Min ister for Works were enough to shake the credit of any colony; and tho House would, no doubt, remember that memorable night when he got up and said, " Here ; I'll give e\;ory district £2,000; settle it amongst yourselves." Was tlicro ever a colony, however rich its resources, that couhl carry on successfully with a finan cial policy of that kind ? At the present time, instead of a disorganised Government, the' had a Government that wus strong and firm — thai liud its own opinions, and that could carry them out. Jte (Mr. Ainliursl) approved of the milwuj- pjoliey of the Government, and believed most people would approve of it too ; for the railway policy aimed at developing pastoral and agricultural pursuits, wliih- the loan policy provided lor mining unci other industries. No doubt, there were im mense tracts of country in (ho fur west that were now devoted to the rearingof cattle, aud that would — if railways were pushed out with a proper scheme— produce sheep, and he able to export large quantities oi wool, which was one of the greatest sources of our wealth. The Government proposed, also, to encourage settlement hycrcutiugncw agricultural districts. Any railway .shorter than fifteen miles, however, would not pay. because it would pay better for farmers to bring tlieir own produce that distance. After tlint it would begin lo pay, and a line Ilffvni' vivli- inline lnmr \rniihl nnl nnli- enable people on the direct routo to bring their produce direct to market, hut also those living fifteen miles on each side of it, if not further. One of the most expensive- things in agricultural pursuits was the bringing of produce to market nnd hand ling it. Willi a railway the produce would only have to he handled once before it got to the place of shipment, instead of a num ber of times as at present. Tlio Govern ment thoroughly understood tho ruilway question, and the country might repose with confidence upon their judgment. Then canto tho vote for harbours mid rivers. This, though not direct- remuner ative, was a most important thing for tlic welfare of tho country. Tho improve ments might ho mado for one particular district— say tlio port of Brisbane — hut they benefited the whole colony by en abling vessels to come to mid fro with those imports and exports on which the prosperity of the colony depended. The : only thing he could possibly fiud fault witli in tue Loan Estimates was that a larger sum was not put dowu for roads to goldfields uud other mines ; and, although tlio making of railways tliither might ho a risky undertaking, owing to tho uncer tainty of some of the reefs, still ho would have liked to see a larger sum put down to improve communications between the gold mines uud the ports of shipment. He could not agree with the remark of the leader of the Opposition, that tlio £100,000 for loans to shire councils was u sop. It wus nothing of the sort : it was an important part of the Govermucut policy to give those bodies u fair start — in llio same way as a house-owner would put a house in repair before giving tho tenant his lease, and would then say, " Here is your lease, and yon will luivo to keep tho house in repair in future." All ho hoped wus, that in spending this money the Government would give it lo those districts most fuirly entitled to it, uud not lo those that had the most UUJmluiiUit — uiu muse iiiub imu uucii eutirely neglected by the laic Govermucut, which wns only a Queen-street Ministry. Without occupyiug the time of the House further, he would conclude by saving that lie did not believe the remark of tue leader of the Opposition, that if tho Ministerial side wero free to vote according lo their own convictions, and wcro not afraid of turning tho Government out, they would vote against tho Loan Estimates. It was ccrtuiu that on the division his side would givo tho Government a hearty support, because they had tho courage of their opinions, and that tho vol o of tho other side would bo given for quito different reasons, nnd not one of them bad said what tlio true reasons wcro. Mr. Miles : It is not my intention to refer to speeches made in past sessions of Parliaments, for the quotations adduced by tlio lion, member for Wide Bay show clearly and distinctly .to my mind that, whatever opinions the Ministers held in bygouc days, lliey hare abandoned them now. There earn he uo doubt ubout that. In advocating tlieir public works policy, the Ministry say that the policy of tlic late Government was similar; hut I hardly see any force in turning out ono Government merely to put in another to do enactly the sauio things. Tho Premier look con siderable exception to a speech made by tho leader of tho Opposition at Rock- hamptou, stating that tho views ho there put forward were similar to 'Ms own; but in saying so ho left out tho most essentia) part, namely, that the leader of the Opposition did not lutcnd lo meet the in terest on the cost of construction of the main trunk lines out of general revenue. That is the great distinction between tlio railway x>licy of the two hon. gentlemen. The Premier's policy — and I object to it entirely — is that the residents in tho settled portions of the colony, who hare already home the interest for the construction of those lines into the interior, are still to he oppressed by being culled upon to pay for lines into that splendid country wc have heard so much auout. Considerable allow ance might he mudc to the lion, member (Mr. Gritlitli) for his speech on that occasion, because lie had just accepted the portfolio of Minister for Works— an office quito new lo him— and above all it wns an after-dinner speech — just like tlrat of tho Premier's at Ipswich, when he praised up the Germans and said they were the best class of settlers we could get. I have nothing to say against the Germans; all., they require is to he let alone to .mind their own affairs ; but, as I am not in tho habit of Haltering anybody, I will not say not cure where you carry railways to so long as you make those to he benefited by them pay tbe interest for tlieir construc tion. If the Government will adopt that principle, I will offer no objection to tlic con struction of these main trunk lines. Excep tion was taken by the leader of the Opposi tion that there is something indefinite hi tho railway policy of tho Government— that we do not know whither they are going to carry the lines. We are simply told that each is to be extended. 130 miles west, somewhere. Since that time we have got n littlp more information. Tho Colonial Secretary interjected across tho tublc, the other night, that these railways were going to tho "setting sun." I have devoted some little time to the solution of tlic problem as to the locality thus desig nated, and I think I have succeeded in finding where the " setting sun" is. There is an article in the Ipswich t Observer of yesterday, headed, "Does it solre tho mystery r" in which tho writer says— " Under the head ' Notes from Australia,' the Galloway Advertiser and Wiyionthire Tret Tress publishes a lengthy article upon colonial nfTairs, fiom Us 'intelligent, correspondent, Mr. James MeDowall,' and from which we (<Sfo»Ati»s Miner) extract the following item us appro? pi-iute ut the present juncture of political affairs, utiles tho combination of uumcs italicised (tho italics ure our own) is a mere coincidence, un? connected with the 1 men we know.' Tho writer says:— 'All tluifc wo want in this great new country is more people of the right sort and moro money. Wc ute only a handful compared to wlmt wc can contain. 'You hure got mors people in ono town than wo have in the whole colony. Your readers may ask what in ducements do we giro to bring people from tho old country. I answer — Cheap food, cheap land, and plenty of it ; with employment and tolerably good wages for all who ate ablo and willing to work. In order to show you . the quantity of lund that has lately been taken up, I enclose a slip cut from a newspaper, hoping you will find room for it in your valuable columns.' Tlio subjoined is a portion of the slip enclosed, apparently from a South Australian journal : — ' On the eastern boun dary of tlio colony adjoining Queensland, and , between tlic 2-ith and 18th degrees of latitude extending west towards the telegraph line, a lurge amount of country has been taken up for pastoral purposes within tho past six months, tho pioneers of tlie present movement being Messrs. Forrest, Collius, Mullwruith, and others, who have secured blocks of several thousaud equui'o miles, nro vigourously searching for wuter, and are taking stock over from Queens land." Hero I may ask whether tho £30,000 on tho Loan Estimates, for water storage on main roads, lias anything to do with tho watering of tho country . here described ? The artielo proceeds — "These holdings are principally within the 130th to tho 13Sth degrees of longitude, but the intervening country towards Tenant Creek und Alice Springs is also being rapidly taken np. Tho conditions of holding uro llwt tho lease shall be for a period nob exceeding 25 years, at a rental of sixpence per tquaro mile for the first seven vcurs and ten stuffings per square niffo for tlic remainder of tho terra. Tlic run must be declared stocked within three years, with at least two head of great cuttle, or Ull head of small cattle for every aquure mile. Numerous applications have been received and continue to bo received for selections, and it is believed tluit largo quantities of stock are being sent to the ncwly-eliiimed country in tho dis tricts of t lie Herbert and James Rivers, having been driven 1 out of tho neighbouring colonics from want of water. Queensland und New South Wales squatters uro taking advantage of the liberal terms of settlement, and on Wed nesday, October 17, Messrs. Mclltorallk, Telly, and Brury, of Queensland, took up 8,SOO square mile?. On Mm 81b Mr. Atelhrrnith also took tip 2,<P0 miles, unci on the lJHh 2,000 mile?# were taken up b.v Aforsr. Brown unci Kilgour, of New South Wales, more to the pouthwnrd, or just within the tropic of Cupri- corn he'ws'fVt E. longitude 13t» and I'tS. 1 the 10!h Mr. Do Burgh I'owrf. of Sydney, took up G,000 squire miles in a more cent nil direc tion west of the other selections." As to whether " Mr. Do Burgh Perssp. of Sydney," is identical with the lion, mem ber for Fassifcrn, I cannot say: but I tliinklhnvc found out — although, of course, I may be mistaken— where the "setting sun " is towards which our trunk lines are to run. I have not the slightest objection to the railways going in that direction if the Government will provide that those who are to have the benellt of thoin shall pay the interest on tlmir cost of construc tion. At present n vast portion of that country returns to the revenue something less than one-sixteenth of a penny per aero, or lis. per square mile ; and yet in the face of that we are asked to make railways at the cost of the whole colony for the sole benefit of people who virtu- Hi- llin iMiinln fni nollinnr. Tf the Government had only conic clown with a proposition to incrcnsc the rents of the pastoral lessees siilficicnl to pay the interest on the construction of tiiese lines I would have given them my most hearty support; but I shall be no party to the construction of those lines if tho residents of the whole colony are to bear the burden of them. It is said that these lines can be made for £"1.000 a-mile, and I am not prepared to snv that that sum will not suffice ; but that depends entirely on tho kind of railways that arc to be con structed. If they are to be made in the same substantial- manner as the Southern and Western Railway. I have not the slightest hesitation in saying that £3,000 a-inilo will not be nearly enough. I pre sume that sum includes stations and rolling-stock as well as permanent-way, for if it does not there is no provision on the Estimates for them. In answer to a question I put to-day, the Minister for Works snitl there was un unexpended balance of over £5,000 for surveys, and that the wholo of it would be required for surveys now authorised. The Government- now proposed to make nearly 500 miles of railways, and I should like to know where is the provision for the survey of those lines ? — for, certainly, before yon commence building a railway a" survey must be made. The Premier was very sorry that the leader of tho Opposition questioned his sincerity in this works policy; but if there is one thing more than another thnt would compel lion, members on this side to question his sincerity, it wns to find him coming down with a proposition to construct 5(H) miles of railway withoutmnkingaiiy provision for the survey of them. The Minister for Works, in telling us that the trunk lines could be made for £3,000 a-mile, gave as liis authority for the statement, Sir. Ballard. I do not wish to say anything against Mr. Ballard as a professional man, but us an engineer for the construction of low-cost railways he has been on utter failure. I am sure that when the Minister for Works comes to inquire into the nature of the work thnt bolins constructed, he will find that the rcwurd he will be entitled to will be a small one. I know something about Mr. Ballard's railwny construction, and I do not accept him as an authority on low- cost railways. Tho Minister .for Works laid great stress on the diiliculty of getting through the Goganjo ranges, and compared them. with the Main Range. lie also said the extension from Brisbane to Ipswich was a very expensive one, and that that great expense was caused by a blunder of the then Minister for Worts. I believe mis takes were made in the construction of that extension. I bolicvc one of those mis takes was made by Air. Walsh, who was then Minister for Works, by introducing the system of small contracts ; although I He hoped by that means to save money to the country, but tho plan turned out a failure. Mr. Walsh wns succeeded in office by tho present Colonial Treasurer, , and I am told that the blunder commenced by Mr. Walsh was continued by that lion, gentleman. So that it is rather refreshing to see the Minister for Works sitting along side his colleague, and accusing liiui of blundering in railway construction. The prcseut Coloniul Treasurer was not long in office before ho quarrelled with the Chief Engineer, and romoved liini, replacing liim with another, whose conduct, 1 am told on authority, owing to his quarrelling and wrangling with the contractors, led to un enormous increase in the cost of the line. Somehow or other the line came to cost £lff,000 per mile— wo have the word of the Minister for Works for that. I think you, sir, succeeded the present Premier as Minis ter for Works, and so were one of the blunderers, according to the Minister for Works. Tho line was completed, I believe, under you, und I know you pushed the works on a great deal. Is the Minister for Works aware that out of the UK) miles of railway lie referred to as constructed by Air. Ballurd so cheaply, that for sixty-three miles the lines arc on the surface, ami that it is only necessary to throw eighteen inches to two feet from the wafer-tables into tho centre and throw the ballast on to the lop? Is he aware that some portion of the line is fifteen feet under llood-mark? It is preposterous to bring Mr. Ballard for ward as a great authority on the intro duction of cheap railways. Air. Bal lard has been drummed into our cars for years and venr.\ past. When some objection wns raised to a trial survey pre pared by Air. Bnltard, the Colonial Secretary himself said, " Air. Ballard made the surveys; I am satisfied that they arc correct." Wc have had too much or Mr. Ballard. I have no hesitation in saving, without fear of contradiction, that lie is the most costly railway constructor we have hud, and that from the time when he commenced the construction of the railway from Westwood to the Comet no Minister for Works or Coinmissionsr for Railways could tell how one iota of tho money voted was expended, or what it was expended for. There was not the slightest cheek upon him ; but, for the short time I wns in the Works Office, I put a stop to thnt. I do not wish to say that he misappropriated a single Huuy or anything of the kind ; but I say that, it is a bad principle to throw tlie whole expenditure into the of tile money as he likes. The Alinistcr for Work, in his answer to me to- night, says that be is in correspondence with Air. Ballard. On the construction of that line, Air. Ballard claims to have made a saving of 30 to 50 per cent., which, taken at the lowest, would amount to £180,000. According to the slip-shod agreement entered into by the Govern ment of which the Colonial Secretary was head, Air. Ballard is entitled to he re warded, though I do not say to thnt extent. Air. Ballard may have made a saving, but he 1ms had udvantages which no other con tractor has hud. From the time lie com menced the line from Westwood to the Comet he lias hud the same plant all through. A contractor for twenty miles would require almost as much plant as has sufficed to curry tho Hue to the Comet. It is therefore necessary for the Government to look very carefully ami closelj' into the claims of Air. Ballard as a cheap railwny constructor. Tho Alinistcr for works, in his speech, said — " At the present moment I linvo in my pos session un olfcr from tho Chief Engineer of tho Northern and Central Railway to construct a lino from llic 200-milo peg' westward to the Alice River, for a cost of £3,000 per mile, in cluding everything ; and tliut lino has to surmount the Drutmnond Ranges, so Mutt u portion of the line will cost from £8,000 to £10,000 per mile." The hon. gentleman himself stated that tho line from Westwood to the Comet cost £5,023 per mile; but I am prepared to prove that for 03 out of 100 miles of that line tho lines arc laid down on tho surface. The hon. gentleman says Mr. Ballard offered to tuko a contract, but I hope lie does not menu thnt lie is going to revert to the smidl-contrnct system. It would ap pear so from tbat remark; but 1 hope, in the event of tho Government getting this money, lie will do nothing of tho sort. The lion, geutlcmau also made a statement which, coming from kim, was most extraordinary. He said— " Wo are continually being told that those Hues are to bo ran out westward solely for the benefit of the pastoral lessees. I confess I once hold similar opinions, and I belicvo that people who hold those opinions hold them in ignorance of the real fucts of tho case." I remember long bufore tho hon. member came to this House, when ho was stumping about Charters Towers, lie was one of the lion, members who talked about the cor morant squatter, tbc curse of the country. How is it that be hn.s changed his opinions ? Is it because he is now surrounded by those cormorants and supports them on the Treasury benches ? He goes on to show the immense umounts of money the pas toral tenants have paid into the Treasury— thnt sinco Separation to tho present time they have paid hundreds of thousands of putiuua, oiKiiiLii'iiv iu |i«j me iiiicrcsv on uio wholo of tho borrowed money. But if they have paid all this money into the Treasury they have got a good deal for it. I lmve already shown that the pastoral lessees in the western interior hold large tracks of country at the oue-sixtecnth of a penny per acre. Seeing thnt such is tho case, I am astounded ut the Alinistcr for Works coming down as the champion of the pastoral tenants to suv thnt they are ill used individuals, itc goes on further to ask, Bid not they contribute towards tho general rovenue, and did not their men, and tho dam-makers and car riers, contribute to the general revenuo by taxation ? And he tells us the immense sums of money thoy pay as rents. The hon. member used to be the champion of , tho diggor, but he has used them very seurvily after the handsome way in which they treated him in going over to the squatters, and shelving them. On Wed nesday Inst, however, tho hon. member made a most outrageous statement, which might astound anyone, and which was calculated to do more harm to the pastoral tenants than good. 1 used to take every thing the lion, member said for granted, because I thought he was thoroughly acquainted with the subjects upon which he spoke, and a practical digger, but I now believe he's nothing of tho sort. When ail hon. member gets up in the House, and talks about what he docs not understand, I believe he is prepared to do anything. He drew a very flourishing picture of what, might be. He said— " If we next, take into account tlie number of sheep which at present exist in tho country west of present extension, such as the country westward of ltoma, nnd 130 miles westward of the terminus of tho Central Railway, and of the northern lino reaching towards the Mitchell and tho Gregory nnd in thnt. country — if wo take into account that there uro only 3,000,000 sheep there, and as wo know what the country is, and that it will feed sheep, it docs not ncod any stretch of the imagination to believe tlint, with n natural increase of only a third year by voir, in fivo years tho 8,000,000 will become 12,000,000." Taking the 3, 000, (XX) sheep as a fact, nnd allowing a quarter of tho number for breeders, and allowing for an increase of seventy per cent, tho increase pur year will be52o,()t)U. Deducting fivo per ccntfor losses would bring the increase down still lower. Then he goes on to calculate the probable yield of wool, which he brings up to 15,000 tons ; but, according to my calculation, at the end of five yenrs, it would only amount to 0.050 tons. When A1 misters come forward with statements like these, about matters they do not understand, what reli ance can wc have in them P I hope, for the hon. member's own sake, that Hansard will not go beyond this colony to let people know tniit we have Ministers capable of making such miscalculations. If the hon. member confined himself to what he understands lie would do well. I believe the tins- statements have not been made wilfully, but hon. members migbt be led astray nnd think that a large revenue is likely to be derived from railway traffic. It has been stated ns a reason why n large amount of money should be borrowed that we should not run to the money-market every year for small loans— that it will give the capitalists confidence to know exactly what amount wo are likely to want. But the capitalists are not to be beguiled by us asking for one million or three millions. The first thing looked to by them is what is the revenue of Queensland and what is her population. I regret very much the stntcmcnt made by the Colonial Secretary the other night, and I think it will do more damage to the credit of Queensland than ony other stntcmcnt I have heard made in the House. lie told us thnt it was abso lutely necessary wc should have this loan, so ns to keep men employed on the public works of the colony. If it is to go forth to tho capitalists that wc nro borrowing money, not to open up nnd develop the country, but to keep men employed, tlicn I say a moro wretched statement could not be made. I do not belicvo tho Premier means to sny anything of tho sort. The Premier: I deny having made any such statement. Air. AIir.Es ; I am quite sure it is in Hansard . The Premier : I said I mndc no such statement, and the bon. member must take my denial. Mr. AIilp.s : It was the Colonial Secre tary who umdo the statement. He said that it was absolutely necessary to obtain tho loan, so that men might be kept em ployed. The CoT.oxur, Secretary : The hon. member misquotes mo entirely, I gave that only as one reason amongst many. Air. AIilhs : I think I am perfectly cor rect. Tho hon. member gave that as a reason, uiul I think it was a most damag ing statement to make. During this debntc some objection lias been tnken to the form of the proposed amendment. Alost hon. members on this sido of the House were pretty suro thnt they would not bo able to carry it, but' they considered it was neces sary that a division should bo taken on the public works policy, and the only Way was to submit a motion of this sort, so tlint a division would be taken und it would be placed on record who was and who was not in favour of this policy, which I believe tlie uorcrnmcnt iias no intention— at least in regard to a portion — of carrying out. It will he in tho recollection of lion, members that tho Colonial Treasurer in his first Fintmcinl Stutcment wanted Imlf-n-million for the construction of trunk lines, and said, further, that some branch lines would be constructc \ and he thought the Darling Downs would he tho properplnce to try tho experiment. That alono is sufficient to cause lion, members on this sido of the House to look with suspicion ujion the whole works policy of the Government. I go further, and say that I positively expect the Colonial Treasurer will yet come down with another financial statement, showing that he docs not mean to carry out the works policy stated hero. I find no provi sion hero for surveys. Tlie Alinistcr for Works told us that tho wholo amount available for that purpose will be absorbed by surveys now authorised. Where, then, is the money to come from for tho surveys of all theso extensions ? On the 30th .Tune there was £7,000,awhick is now reduced to £5,000. .No provision is made for surveys of the new extensions unless the £3,000 per mile is intended to cover cost of sur veys, stations, and rolling- stock; and, if so, what sort of lines will they be? It may be possible at that cost to include trumpery buildings that wilNroquire re building before twelve months are over ; but, if the buildings uro to be of tho same stability as tlioso now in course of erection, the lines cannot bo mndc for that amount. These Loan Estimates have, therefore, been brought down under false pretences. I am glacl to hear that the hon. member for Alary borough is to introduceaBill to sanc tion a private company for tho Burrutn line, and I presume, therefore, the House will be relieved from voting tho amount down for this work. The amounts put down by the Government cannot possibly complete the works in a suitable way. Wc know already that the. Brisbane to Sandgate railway has been surveyed, and tbatthe Chief Engineer's estimate is about £2.300 above tlie amount set down by the Premier, and wcalso know that tlie whole line goes through private' property. Tho Alinistcr for Works also stated that negotiations were going on with different parties to give up the land for nothing for a lino to tho Upper Logan. He will find the moment tho hue is sanc tioned that ever owner will stick to his land mid will not giro it up for nothing, nnd I amnftttid, therefore, thehongcntlcimm will he much mistaken in his calculation. I believe, myself, in all these branch lines. There is ono here which would be. the most imiiortnnt of the lot— that from Warwick to Killarney. I have gone through that portion of the district ; it is densely settled with agriculturists, and the lino would bo a remunerative one, I believe. But if it is proposed to carry it straight it will not pay. To make it reproductive tlicrc should oc a deviation of fivo miles to get ut agri cultural settlement, winch is out of the track of a straight line. It should goby wit' of Swan's Creek and through the Warwick Agricultural Reserve, so as to sccuro tho traffic and bo a benefit to the parties settled in tlie district. This lino, also, goes through a considerable amount of private land, but no provision for its pur chase is made. I freely confess that these branch lines do not require to be built as substantially as tho main lilies. There is no necessity for high speed; nnd it is just possible that £2,500 per milo tuny bo suffi cient to cover tho cost of branch railways in settled partsof the country. The difference, however, made in the matter of the Burrum lino seems to me rather singular, for I have always understood that tho country through which it runs is very easy for railwny building. I find £3,000 put down for it, whilst for a line from Toowoombn to High- fields only £2,500 is set down. There must be somo mistake, for there is no com parison as regards tho country through which tho two lines pass; and my own opinion is that tlio Higlifields line will not he built under £3,500 per mile. A great dealof it, also, runs through private property which can only bo resumed ut a consider able cost. Tho wholo railway sclicino comprised in these Estimates seems to have been badly considered, and will commit tho country to an expenditure of which we know little at present. Of course, we shall be told hereafter, when wo shall be asked to vote tho difference, that it wns originally thought the amount wns sufficient, but thnt it httu been found it was not. I have not the slightest objection to main lines going into the interior; but, seeing that tho agricul tural classes have borne the sharo of tho interest on tho money borrowed to take these works to a certain point that will greatly assist in opening up tlie western interior, it would bo unfair to ask them to contribute for any further extensions, con sidering, especially, thnt the parties who will derive the benefit pay little or no rent, I am a pastoral lessee, and I have a consi derable tract of country in the Wost ; but I am not obliged to the Aiinister for Works for his advocncy. It is all very well for the hou. gentleman to advocate the cause of the squatters, surrounded as he is by them — wo must look at the surroundings ; but it is just possible that, somo time or other, tho hon. gentleman will have to quit liis associates, und I am happy to think that he will then change his views again. I consider, myself, that the squatters are like the Colorado beotle, who desolate the tuumij niivicivi viiuj Jjw. iuc ai|iinuvfll overstock tho country and overrun it, and when they have taken the substance out of it they will not lmve it any longer. I do not think, therefore, that the pastoral lessees wanted the advocacy of the hou. gcntloman ; tlicy are quite capable of look ing after their own interests, and it would havo been far better for tho hon. gentleman to have defended the gold miners : it came with bad grnco from liiiu to advocate tho cause of tho pastoral lessees. He was grand last session, and the session before, when he used to demund justice for tho North. On his last electioneering tour lie stated that the North was entitled to hulf- a-million of money ; that the southern part was indebted to tho northern part in that sum, .and that he would insist upon tho amount being down on the next Loan Bill, to biilunco accounts. He has a pretty good amount on the Loan Estimates in one way und another. Is it to wine off tlio claims of tlio North? I should like to have an assttranco on that point. I might be induced to voto until tho Gov ernment if I thought wo should hear no more about justice to the North. I must do the hon. gentleman the justice to sny thnt since he hns become Minister for Works I lmve not heard any more grum bling or outcries about justice to the North. Night after night he used to cry for this justice ; hut since ho bus occupied a scut on the Treasury benches we havo « not heard h single word about il. H is hardly necessary for me to say that if the leader of the Opposition unlls for a division ho shall have my vote. I do not think that ho expects to carry his motion; but ho has a perfect right to bring it down, bccausc tho great bulk of the people have more faith in him thnn in tho leader of the Government, I believe he lias us much responsibility as the Premier, The great bulk of the people expect him to sco that justice is done, and they believe that he is defending their interests by the course lie lms taken on these Loan Estimates. Tho lender of the Opposition is perfect! right in bringing forward his amendment, so that n division may be taken and tho country mny see who votes for and against it, Mr. Stkvk.vson snid ho was sure the lender of tho Opposition must be very pleased with the lion, member (Mr. Miles) for having improved his position so nitieli. Tho House lmd been very much edified by the lion, member. First of all they had a quotation from a certain paper to show where the setting sun was, but it consisted of the information that certain gentlemen in Queensland and New South "Wales had taken up a certain number of square miles of country in South Australia, The next part of his speech was about cheap rail ways — a subject tho lion, member knew nothing about. In introducing that part he hud told them how much he had done while head of the Works Ollice towards improving the colony's railway system. Tie snid that Mr. Pal lord had been spend- ing money ail libitum without any. check, hut that while he (Mr. Miles) was in office, a certain check was jibbed upon that gentleman. That was the lirst the House had ever heard of any change having tukciiplneein Mr. Ballard's system of railway making. Ho (Mr. Stevenson) never heard of it before. The lion. member, when Minister for Works, told them ngrcatdcnl about the discoveries he had made, and about his intentions ; he stated on one occasion that the Bonds De partment could be managed witli onc-tlmd loss men and less expense ; but did he ever do UP The. only, thing that lie had ever done in tho way of retrenchment was to take away a few railway passes from a few clergymen. The third part of his speech consisted of a tirade against the Minister for Works, who, however, did. not want anyone to defend him, especially against the attacks of the hon. member for Darling Downs. Ho (Mr. Stevenson) believed that if the hon. member said anything against the Minister for Works it would be likely to tell in tho Iritter's favour. The hon. mem ber lind tried to show tlmt what the Minister for Works lmd snid was not cor- 'rcct. When the lion, nicmbor made such a statement the Minister for Works wasull tho moro likely to be correct, and the lion, gentleman with a little explanation was quite right. The lion, gentleman lmd told tlie House that twolvo million sheep would produce a certain number of tons of wool. The hon. member said the Minister for Works' statement was 50,000 tons, but what tho hon. gentleman really snid was — " If wo take iulo uccount tlmt thcro aro only 3,000,000 sheep there, and ns wo know wlmt tho country it, and that it will feed sheep, it does not need any stretch of tho imagination to belierc that, with a natural iucrrnso of only a third year by year, in Ore years the 3,000, UOO will become 12,000,000. Then wlint will bo tho result if, Instead of having 3,000,000 sheep — utid thoro aro not quito that number— in that country, we liavo 12,000,000 ut tho end of fire years when wo liavo carried these lines 130 miles to tho wesi, and I hope even further? Tho incrcuso of tho carriage alone, independent of all tho sources of rorcnue derived from carriugc, would be 15,000 tons, and at present rates that would probably amount to £-15,000 or £50,000." The hon. uiomber's statement was tlmt the Minister for Works statement was 50,000 tons, and that bis own calculation was 6,056 tons ; but this calculation was entirely wrong. Taking the number of shccput twelve us tho Minister for Works had done, tiio produce would como to nearly 15,000 tons, and mitdc the hon. gentleman as nearly lis possible correct. . Calculating the ton, on tho other hand, to bo 2,210 lbs., and , allowing 2.j lbs. of wool to the sheep, the result would ho exactly 13,<i00 tons. Ho (Mr. Stovenson) would go oven further nud maintain that when the lines were extended to the point tho Minister for Works desired -a great deal of the wool would be brought down in the grease, and tho carriage, would be much more. Basing his calculation upon scoured uud washed wool, the hon. gcntlcumu lmd placed the currtugo ut between £ 10.000 and £50,000, but it would be more like £70,000 or £80,000 in bis (Mr. Stevenson's) belief, even if the wool was sont down washed. He know mnny squattors out west who sent their wool 200 miles in the grease to a railway station. When tho lino went out west the result would bo that most of tho squatters would forward their wool in the crease, and the carriage would bo more Hum the Minister for Works had stated. Tho hon. member for Darling Downs also snid that the policy of tho Government, as disclosed by the Iioun Estimates, was the policy of the Opposition, and asked what was the good of the country putting in one setof men to carry out the policy of another set? lie (Mr. Stevenson), however, thought il was worso when hon. members on the Opposition b.Miehox repudiated their own policy as they had don»». 'J here was not tho slightest doubt in that point, for it had already liecn shown tlmt the lender of the Opposition tried to father a policy of pro gress something like the one the Govern ment had enunciated. The hon. gentle man would have even gone further, for lie saicl at Bockhnmptou that instead of £3,000,000, £5,000,000 were wanted. Although the charges made by the Opposi tion had been pretty well answered, he (Mr. Stevenson) would allude to :i few matters which had been repealed us objections. Taking the policy ns a whole, he had heard no sound objection urged regarding it. The attack of the lender of the Opposition simply amounted to this— that there certainly was n policy, hut no information regarding it — tlmt they were asked to borrow money for something they knew nothing about. The policy of tho Govern ment was to borrow three millions of money, which was to last a certain number of years— throe or tivc; and if they ad mitted that it was right and honest to go to the English market and tell them their requirements for the future, then it was utterly impossible to bring down plans and specifications and hooks of reference for nil the lines in the times If these tilings had first to be done, the whole policy of the Government would be at an end. It had also been snid that the Government had not shown how these railways were to be made to pay. It. might be snid that in SOinC CnSCS it WOllhl lw» vorv rlilllnntl tr\ slum how railways were going to pay ; but he might ask tiie hon. member for Marybo rough, did lie, when he ,4 bunched" six rail ways together, give the House any informa tion as to how they were to become remune rative? Was there uny likelihood of the Maryborongh-Gympie and the Bundnberg- Mount Berry lines paying? It was all very well for tho Opposition tonsk such a question, but did they, when in ollice. give the Op position a chance of taking each line on its merits? He did not suppose Clint every member believed tlmt everyone of the lines oil the Estimates would pay, or that every member in the House would vote for them. He was not pledged to vote for all of tlicm as they were on the Estimates, but he took it that the House would hear a discussion on each line, and that each would bo taken on its merits. JJe understood that they were to vote as they liked anil believed in rpjtpccl to each line. That was the Gov- crnment policy as lie understood it. He did not understand that the policy of the Government was to ram these lines down the throats of their supporters and opponents witlioutdiscussion. Theyhndnlsoocon told that tho lines were going nowhere. Tho hon. member (Mr. Miles) had said something about lines going to the setting sun. No doubt they were going there, to a certain extent; at any rate, they were going in a westerly direction. Tlicy knew that there was a large tract of country lying to the west — some of tho best country in the colony — and thoso railways were supposed to bo going out to develop its resources. Tho understanding was that these railways should not in any way clash with each other, but should go out and take the legitimate trntlic belonging to the part of the country to which thev went. A child could surely understand that. The lender of thc Opposition stated, when the '.Premier said these lines would go 130 miles out west, that that would not take tlicm to the good country ; but that was a foolish argument, because any child must know that if they went 130 miles they would bo at least 130 miles nearer that country. They could not possibly reach it without going 130 miles, and two of those railways would actually reach that good country. The member for Darling Downs had told them a great deal about squattors out west holding country ut 3s. per square mile, but he (Mr. Stevenson) could say that there was very little being held at that price. In the far West, on the Herbert, there might hrt ft fmr Klnflf < Imlrl nf !ts tuti> cniinm mile; but if they took the linrcoo nnd Thompson all through, ilicy would find that most of the squatters were paying a pound per square mile, ns he was him self, for most of their country. Another point upon which he desired to touch —although hon. members were, no doubt, rather tired of it—was the Government banking business. A great deal had been made of that by members opposite, und it was stated that the money proposed to be borrowed would he placed in the Govcr- ment bank. But the Premier had very clearly stated that no large sums of money would be placed in any bank or bunks. This tlicy all understood thoroughly; but, to show tho fallacy of the argument or insinuation that was thrown out in regard to Lliis banking business by hon. members opposite, some of whom, he was sure, were now thoroughly ashamed of their statements, he would put the ease this way: — Supposing there was any truth in the statement that this money was to be bor rowed for the purpose of being placed in the bank, and, us another hon. member insinuated, lent to sqatters to improve their western country— even supposing tliut were tho ease, he would like to know what prudent banker would take a large deposit for a short time or nt call? — or wlmt prudent squatter would liko money upon such terms ? Wliul sq natter would go to a bank where he kuew large sums of money were deposited by tlm Government or ) other large capitalists for short periods and ask for money on a loan to improve his western country ? It would be absurd, because he would know perfectly well that at any time he might be sold out and ruined, whenever this money was called up by tho Government or these depositors, whoever tlicy might be. The deposits banks would wisli to encourage would be small deposits; with a large number of depositors they could always rely upon a certain amount of capita, because while one was drawing out money others would be paying in. It would be a perfect absurdity for any bank, with busi ness men as directors or with a prudent manager, to lake money on such terms for the purpose <of lending it out ns lmd been stated. Another matter he wished to refer to was immigration. The lion, member for Maryborough had snid ho regretted very much that tho Government had stopped immigration, and argued thai it should have been continued ; but he (Mr. Steven son) could not understand liow any man of prudence or common-sense could say they should pay large sums for immigration at the present time when they were told on all hands, and by lion, members opposite especially, that there was not eaougii em ployment for the men at present in the colony. What in the world would be the good of spending a large sum for importing men when those now here could not find siilllcient employment? But supposing w.w iiinimw um Mum.- u iu imungru- tion, he must have a very peculiarly con stituted mind, if he said he did not believe the country had any right to a loan of this kind for public works. He (Mr. Stevenson) did not see that any principle such ns tlint referred to by tho hon. mem ber for Darling Downs — simply borrowing money to lind employment for the people — was involved in tbo loan. He did not believe in that principle, and it was nob involved in this estimate ; and if the hon. member for Maryborough did not consider that the country was in such a state that it could ask for a loan for the prosecution of public works, ho (.Mr. Stevenson) could not for the life of him sec how it was in a tit stute to go oil spending large sums of moucy for immigration. If immigration were continued under existing circumstances, not only would the taxpayers be taxed for bringing people here, but tlicy would be also taxed to keep them from starving when they got hero. That would ho a very common-sense idea, surely ! The thing was absurd and the man who said he believed in immigration at the present time when there was not work for those who were here, and could not see bis way to support n policy like this which would giro work for those immigrants, must have a very peculiarly constituted mind. It would !be very hard to know what the other side of the House did believe in. Since lie bad been in the House they had agitated a great many things. First of all tlioy went in for retrenchment, then for six railways; then tlioy said they wore prepared to go even further thun the present Premier, uud instead of a thrcc- million loan would go in for iivo millions ; aiul now they objected to this loan, and they did so, he believed, simply because they bad not the spending of it. He believed they did not wunt office at the present time. They knew very well that if the leader of the Opposition saw his way to getting into power at present he would not be the free lance he now was. It reminded him of what Dr. Norman McLcod onoo said of Benconslicld, then Disraeli- he snid he was a lino bit of wax, ready to take the impression of any seal. Ho thought he might say the same of hon. members opposite, so long as it was the seal of office. Air. AIacfarkaxk (Ipswich) snid, before speaking to tho amendment of the leader of the Opposition, which related to the works policy of the Government, he should like w ,u MWU> uuuiii. iiiuiiigrniiuu. He believed that immigration was the right kind of policy for tho colony, but he did not think that this was the time to carry out the works policy proposed by the present Government. Ho was not opposed to railways if it could be proved that those railways would pay the interest on tho cost of construction. 'If that could be proved to him lie should be in favour of railways anywhere and everywhere, either trunk or branch lines ; but if it could not bo proved, or if tlioy had difficulty in believing it could be proved, that these trunk lines would pay the interest on the cost of con- struction, they were perfectly just i lied in opposing them. The Treasurer and the Minister for "NVorks were sanguine tlmt those trunk lines would pay ns well as the lines at present completed, and the latter ! gentleman said the country would not be compelled to pay a single penny in tho way of extra taxation for the purpose of making them. If that could be shown to him lie would be perfectly willing to support the Government in their works policy; but that was the very point upon which he differed from them. Tho ques tion was not "trunk mwiw branch lines," but would these trunk lines pay? He had always been in favour of tlie western ex tension from Bourn towards tho Mitchell, and believed that that line, nt sonio future time, would be very likely to pav; but, at j tho present time, it was not likely that 1 tlioy. would bo able to construct three trunk lines — the Western, the Central, and the Northern ; and, seeing that he did not approve of the construction of the whole of these lines, be should waive liis opinion with reference to the extension of the Western line. Even if it could be proved that one of the Western extensions— cither the Central or Western — would pay, ho did not think it could be proved thnt they would both pay. The lion, member for Normanby (Mr, Stevenson) had stated that it was not tho intention that these linos should clash or interfere with each other's traffic; but ho had been given To understand that the Western ana Central lines were already clashing and competing for the same traffic. IIox. AIemiieks on the Government benches : No, no. Air. AIackarlaxr snid he wns glad to hear it was not so, but lie bad been in formed from a source that the Central line was now taking some of the traffic pre viously taken by the Western liue. But even supposing it could be proved that one line would pay, he did not think it could be proved that both would pay ; and, there fore, although he was in favour of one line going out west, lie did not see his way to support the three. Tho Treasurer, iu re plying to the leader of the Opposition, mentioned the fact that at the present time there were between 45,000 nnd 50,000 male adults in the colony, 5,000 of whom were directly employed and other 6,000 indi- rccuy cmpioyca oy mc Lrovernmeut ; in ot her ( words, that one-fifth of the adult male inhabitants were directly or indirectly connected with tho Government, leaving only <10,000 ; and for this reason — that the population was so small— he could not sec his way to encourage the construction of these trunk lines. Was it possible for 40,000 adults, representing about five times that number in population, were able to undertake the construction of trunk lines such a great distance at payable rates? He could not sec it at all ; und, therefore, he thought that until they had, by immigration, increased the population of the colony, it would not be wise to sanction the construction of so many lines. For the reasons that he could not support the trunk lines he would support the branch lines — namely, that in tlie settled districts of the colony they had populution. Whore tlicy had people tliere tliey would lind traffic not only from the people being settled there, but also from the occupations in which they were engaged. Many of them were engaged in agricultural pur suits, and the produce they brought to market would make these branch lines pay able. Of course, it was just possible that the whole of the branch lines in the policy of tlie Government might not be payable, but two or three would be payable; for instance, those to Fassifern und ATount Esk. If any of the branch lines would pay these two would, because these por tions of the colony were more densely populated than any otliors tlmt ho was aware of. He noticed, howevor, that there was no mention made of one branch lino which he believed would pay better than oven the two he had referred to — that was the line from Oxley to South Brisbane. It was a very short line indeed, and the trade was already there for the purpose of making it pay. Even at tho present time, if that line were constructed it would pay the interest- on the cost of construction, be cause the traffic of tho line from coal alone would go a very long way indeed towards making that fine a payable one. In the evidence taken before the railway commission in reference to that line, some timo ago, it wns stated that the production of coal in tho western district was about 6,400 tons per annum, and without exaggera tion he thought he might safely say that, if tlicy had a lme to deep-water on the Bris bane Kiver, that product might -be very easily increased by at least ten times, or to 010,000 tons. In reference to this iimiit r uiu x'rviiiicr uicniiuut-u a iiigut or two ago in the House, tlmt it was not so much from the want of railwny communi cation that coal mining in West Moreton did not pay, as it wns from the quality of the coal; but ho (Mr. Alacfarlane) could state that the quality of the coal from the mines ill that district was a great deal better than many of them had been led to belicvo. They often found that .anything that wns very near to them or was in common use was not looked upon as of great value. There was un old proverb that u prophet was not honoured in nis own country, and he thought- that was perfectly true in reference to the coal in this district. Because it wns so near to them and tlicy had been using other coal for gas- making purposes, this coal had been looked upon lightly and as of little value, when, in reality, if it lind the chanco of being taken to a vessel from the pit-head by railway transit, it would compare favourably with any of tho Newcastle coal. Bj the present mode of transit it- was so knocked about that when it got to market it wns very much broken ; but if it arrived in a souud state— such ns when it left the pit-hend, he believed it would bring quite as much as Newcastle coal. Not long ago, lie and the hon. member for Stanley (Ai r. O'Sullivnn) visited one of tlie coal-pits in tho "West Aloreton district, where they saw lumps of coul so large that they could not lift them ; und if that coal could bo brought . down to the shipping by rnil, it would be quite as good mid sound as any coal he had seen lii the old country. He believed that it was simply from the want of rail way communication that the produce of coal in the West Aloreton district was not doubled ten, or jwrhaps twenty, times over. He might mention thai not long ago a mer chant in Brisbane sent to Ipswich to know if the coal proprietors could supply 11 shin that was about leaving the port, with coal. , The reply was that they could do so, but j that it was a question of time. It turned , out, however, that the ship would have to | sail in ubout ten days, and, the weather being broken at the time, it was found impossible to supply her with coal, and she had to go away in ballast. Now, had this line been in' existence, that eoal would have been sent down and the whole colony would have bcnclited by it, simply from the fact thut thero would be an increase of popula tion and the consumption of dutiable goods by these persons would pay for the con struction of the Hue in a lew years, even if the line itself did not pay any interest. He thought, therefore, that this branch line, above all others mentioned, ought to take i first-place in the programme of the Govern- j inent works policy. Just to show that the j coal in tlinl district was not so bad as renre- J sentcd, he would refer to the fact, which had I been already referred to by the hon. mem ber for Northern Downs (ATr. Thorn), that I the Ipswich Gas Company was using coal j raised in that district. When that gas company commenced operations they were under the impression that the local coal would not answer for the purpose of as- making, aud they accordingly sent to New castle for coal, but when that supply was exhausted they thought they would try the local coal, trad they found that it was better than even Newcastle coal for making gas. . That had been found out by actual experience, and the Brisbane Gas Com pany, which had for a very long time been using Newcastle, coal, were now giving Ipswich coal a fair trial, and he predicted that if it had a fair trial it would be found quite as good, if not superior to what that company hud been using iu the past; Ho thought for these reasons they should do all they could to encourage the coal traffic of "West Aloreton. "With reference to this railway policy of the Government, ho should like to ask— was it an afterthought P He thought- it must be an afterthought, be cause, if they had lmd in view coming down to the House with a works policy of this kind, he could not for the life of hiui sec how .they could have exercised that arbitrary decision . in reference to the dismissals from tho Ipswich workshops. If they had had. this works policy in view at that time, ho believed tluit they would novcr lmve acted iu the way they did in regard to tlioso dismissals. It appeared to him that ut the time of those dismissals they had no idea whatever of proposing to the colony such a public works policy as that now before the House. He quite agreed with their branch railway policy, and' ho hoped it would be, curried out ; but he could not see how, with such a . small population, the colony would bo able to make tbo trunk lines payable. It was for those reasons he should support the motion of the hon. leader of the Oppo sition. There were several large sums on the Loan Estimates that would be of an unproductive' nature; but still he approved of some of them — such, for instance, as the improvement of the Brisbane River, us that must go hand in hand with any exten sion of the railwuy for the development of the coal traffic. He could not give his cou- sent to some of the public buildings he saw on the list, as they absorbed too large a sum of money which might be better spent. Hud the loan policy of the Govern ment beeu for .one-half of the amount proposed, it would have been amply suffi cient for all purposes ut the present time. Ho would not say more than that ho approved of that part of the policy which provided for branch railways. Air;, Kates said that ho had carefully reviewed tlio speeches which had been made during tlio present debute, and ho could not agree altogether with the remarks made by hon. members on his side of the House who objected to the proposed Louu Estimates becuuso no. data, particulars, plans and specifications of the railway had been laid on the table. Even had those plans, >kc., been laid on the table, he should nuvo protested ugaiust tlio extension of trunk lines of railway because ho was convinced tlint they would not prove repro ductive, and he was prepared to oppose nny public, works that would not be repro ductive. The hon. Alimstcr for Works had told them over and over again that the railways in tlio settled districts did not pay, -and that, there was a fulling off in tlio receipts notwithstanding tbo reduction in the number of trains running and the increase of fures. He (Air. Kates) had lnmsclf noticed u falling off week after week ; but, if that was the casos regarded lines in the settled dis tricts, how much more likely was it likely to be the case on Hues where one mouth s trains would suffice to bring down all the wool and hides aud to take up all the rations and stores, and during the other eleven months a largo stuff of men and gangers, to keep the line iu order, would ave to be employed ? They had been told by the Premier that a sudden stoppage of public works would bring about a shook that would prove most disastrous to the colony; but ho would ask whether they wore to perpetuate a system of non- paying works lor the purpose of keeping a lot of men em ployed who were mere birds of passage, and who merely stopped to pick up any crumbs j they might see Falling about? lie believed j that instead of increasing our oxpeu- I dituro with a decreasing population, j what the colony realty wauled was rest j and breathing time. They had been j over-legislating for the country; but he, j with his great faith in the resources of the j colony believed that everything would righicn itself in time. What they should do first was to look to the settled districts and put them in order, and then look to the extensions to the west, lie um not. for one, think the squatters out west would thank the Government for giving them railways, but would rather have leases given to them, so that they would be able to go to their bankers with something tangible ill their hands. The Premier loltl the House that he expected a large revenue from the lands through which these exten sions passed ; but if they were to refer back to the lime when the lands in the "Western Railway Reserves were put up to auction they would find that there were no bidders for those lands, except the holders of the stations or their representatives. If the present run-holders nad boiler leases more rent could be expected from them, and they could not object to pay more if they had leases for, say, twenty-one years. It must, be borne in mind that these pro posed Iruulc lines could not be compared with those from Sydney or Melbourne, as they went from one centre to another, whilst these at the end of 130 miles might laud in a swamp, hi regard to the branch lines, he considered money would be well spent on them, and he should support them accordingly. The hon. meinour for Burnett told them that the chief l'easou for his supporting tlm pre sent Government was that they had not come down with any proposition for addi tional taxation ; but he (Air. Kates) wished to know whether the appropriation of the Railway Reserve "Fund was pot additional taxatiou, or whether the Divisional Boards Bill would not lead to additional taxation uudera different name? At present they lmd to pa £-170,000 in the shape of interest upon their loans, and if they borrowed another £3,000,000 that would bring it up to £G00, 000, and surely that would lead to addi tional taxation ? Russia iu its present state of insolvency would be iu almost a better position. Did the Premier think tlint if he went into the market now he would he able to raise a loau at something like 02 or 03 ? lie did not think the hon. gentleman would bo able to do'so, us bankers and people at home well knew that our debt was some- tiling like £11,000,000, and that our popu lation was decreasing. Thus there would be a great sacrifice if the hon. gentleman went in for a loau such as lie proposed at the present time. Another reason was that -I per eeut. debentures were quoted at some thing like 92, whilst l£ debentures were quoted ut from 95 to 90 ; for that reason it behoved tlio Government to be very cautious how they went iuto the market. Coming to the Loan Estimates, lie saw that there was £100, 0150 put down for immigration. Since Separation they lmd spent £1,150,000 on immigration alone, mid for thut sum they had brought in a lot of i people from Europe ; but instead of re- I untitling here they Iuul left the colony ; and therefore, unless there was a rc-orgauizntioii of the immigration system, he should ho in favour of putting nothing down for that purpose : it would be far belter to utilise the £100,000 pro>oscd to re-purchase the magnificent estates on the Darling Downs, and invito people from Europe and the neighbouring colonies to come and settle upon them. Then there was a sunt of £'118,000 put down for tho completion of railways already iu course of construction : of course, the country being committed to those works, it was necessary lo raise that money by loan. Tliou there was a sum of £20,100 tor re-construction of the Central Railway, and for buildings and sidings for the Southern and "Western Railway. To that item he had no objec tion. But with regard to the sum of £52,000 for a line from Brisbane to Sand- gate, which was next on tho list, he must say that it was not at all wanted, us there was already an excellent road between the two places— in fact, if they had such a good road on the Darling Downs they .should never think of asking for any railway. "With regard to £50,000 put down for a branch lino from Warwick to Killarney, it was put down us being twenty miles ; but thai was as the erow thes, and went through very inferior country ; the line ought to take a crescent form through the fertile valleys of Farm, Swan, and Free stone Creeks, to be of any benefit to the State as well as to (lie farmers and selthrs in tlint rich locality. The next item was £2-19,000 for the improvement of harbours and rivers. Ifc considered thai the money for that work should come out of revenue; and had the Rrcmier used the pruning-knife as he promised, thert would have beeu an amount saved sulliciciit to liuvc carried out the improvements of the harbours aud rivers. TJic next items wero £62,050 for roads and bridges, £100,000 to meet the first expenditure of road boards, and £200, U00 loans to local boards. "Willi 1 regard to the last, as Unit sum was lo bear ; interest ut live per cent., no objection could j be found with it. Coming lo the item of buildings, for which a sum of £80,000 was put down, lie noticed the whole of the Darling Downs was not at all j well looked after, with tho exception of | £1,500 that was put down for the Dalby | Hospital as a sort of sop. He next came | to the sum of £70,000, which was put down for electric telegraph construction ; and ill ' regard to that ho considered that they would be able to got on. without many of the extensions it was proposed lo make Tor some years lo come. They had been told that the Postmaster-General Jutd been obliged to shut up a great many telegraph oiiiecs ill lite ouismc uiMricis«j uuu it should be remembered that all the ex tensions they now proposed would render necessary the employment of a large mini- berof additional officers. Withregardto the £10,000 that was put down for the defences of the colony, there was no necessity what ever for such an expenditure. There was no possibility of the colony being invaded, especially as the Russians at the present time had quite enough to do to look after tlie Nihilists. He had put, together a few items which he considered should con stitute the public works to be carried on by means of loan, and for that lie had set down a sum of £t, 315.009. Thai would in clude everything; but if the branch lines were omitted the sum would be reduced to £StK)/)00 If the Premier could si c his way clear to reduce his loan to that he would give liiin his support, but, if not, he should fail in his duty to his constituents wore he not to support the motion of the hon. leader of the Opposition. Air. Jln.1. said he hud not had the ad vantage of being present at the commence ment of the debate, but he had very care fully road the reports of it since his return to Brisbane; and ho must say that the con clusion lie hud come to was this — that he had never seen a weaker attack, and never one more strongly repelled and every argument mora thoroughly rebutted. lie was iu great hopes from the attack having been made that it might clear tlio atmo sphere, and smooth the way for making the rest of the session more pleasant to both sides of the House, and more beneficial to tlio country, and also that it would have tlic effect of causing less obstruction tliun had hitherto been practiced by lion, mem bers ou the opposite side or the House. He could not but think from the half-hearted way in which the leader of tho Opposition brought forward his attack on tho Govern ment that the hon. gentleman hnd beeu forced on to such n course by his followers. He would lake one paragraph in the lion, gentleman's speech, in which he said— " If I um defeated on this motion, it will be because u sufficient number of member of the llou-e prefer to keep the present occupants of the Treasury benches iu their places, rather limn comlenm a policy which iu llieir hearts thoy do not approve ot." He saw a corollary to that which the hon. gentleman might have considered when he made that speech — namely, tlmt If the members of the Government side of the House did not keep the present Ministry iu their places, but turned them out, they would have to put in another Alinislry. But where were they to get another Minis try from? The Into Alinistrv or their party lmd, as had been said that evening by (he hon. member for AInckuy, gone through twenty-three changes altogether. They had failed iu their administration. They had come in with a full Treasury, had hud the best times to work through, and then left office with an empty Trea sury. ami iu debt. Hou members had seen that before, with a supposed Liberal Ministry, when the so-ealleu squatter Alin islry under the present Colouial Secretary took office eight or nine years ago. The Treasury was then empty and everything disorganised, but when that lion, gcutlcmuu was turned out of office ho left to the Opposition n clean sheet and a good balance to work upon. But what was the result t \\\ iiy, the .so-called Liberal Gov ernment not only filled every office, but crculcd new offices where they were not wanted, and altogether plunged the country into a hopeless muddle and extravagance. Then," wlicu the present Alinislry look office they had the unenviable aud painful task of extricating the country from the ruinous position in which it was left by their predecessors, aud to begin lopping off ull unnecessary expenses, and the result was that a party cry was raised by the Opposition against the reductions thai were made, aud obstruction was put in tbo way of the Government doing thut which it was well known it was necessary for them to do. The leader of tho Opposition, in referring to tho 130 niijes extension of tho trunk lines, said that they would lead to nowhere ; but ho (Mr. Hill) would reply that theso extensions would : bring tho railway on to the verge of good country, lie did not mean lo say that he was wholly in favour of the loau policy brought forward by the Government— iu fact, it would bo very lmrd for nny Govern ment lo bring forward a loan policy which would suit everyone; but there was one thing which ho endorsed, and that was tlic policy for the extension of tlic trunk lines. 1 He would show how those liuos would he reproductive and would pay. Thut had been already shown, , biit ho wauled to liiiyo his s:iy uii the subject. With regard to llio exception taken by tho leader of tho Opposition to tlio Char ters Towera extension, lie (Mr. Hill) contended that if the extension went — as was stated— towards the setting sun, it went in the very best direction, as it would go through tbo very best country, aud tho country which could be most easily tapped. He was aware that such an extension might not be palatable to tlio Brisbane people, but seeing that Brisbane hud the undoubted advantage of being tlio sent of legislation, and llmt all her wants were known and attended to, it was very shortsighted policy for her lo attempt to divert ii trade which must, like water, find matter whether the greatest part of llio trade would ho ut Brisbauc, Rocklmmpton, Townsville, or Somerset, so long ns tho money collected at those places flowed iuto t he Treasury at Brisbane, and thence was re distributed through tho whole of the colony _ Looking at the component parts of tho late Ministry and their supportors, ho could not wonder such was the case. AVhcn they vacated tho Tieasury benches there were no less than three Brisbane lawyers iu the Alinislry. Queen street was repre sented by the Colonial Treasurer, and for an outside representative thoy had the bon. member for the Logan. Tho Alinislry now in power was, on tho other hand, toler ably representative of all pnrts, of tho colony, und the colony's industries wcro also fairly represented In it. They lmd bran sneered at us being a squatting AHnistry, because two gentlemen connected with pastoral pursuits wero members of it, but who in tho llouso did not really and Honestly consider that tho squatters had us good u right, at all events, to a slmrc ill tlio legislation of the colony as the lawyers? Ho would rather see a Alinislry composed of any other material — merchants, squatters, fanners, anything hut lawyers; aud when a Alinislry was reduced to putting tlirco lnwycrs on tlio Treasury benches, it was quite time it should be turned out. Tho legal clement was not entitled to such an undue nuiouut of representation. # But the whole policy was to draw everything to Brisbane — Brisbane was to be centralized. The transcontinental railway which they fostered, und uudcr tlio pica of which tho extension to Roma was first made, was for the purpose of benefiting Brisbane, without any consideration for the interests of tho northern or western districts. The hon. member for Alaryborough, referring to tho rote of no confidence, said lie woulu admit tlmt on his side of the House they wero. not strong enough to form a Government, and tlmt his hou. friend, the lender of tho Opposition, had no wish to take office. Ho (Air. Hill) should think not. But why did lie bring forward this motion? Was it to make confusion worse confounded ? . His (Air. Griffith's) former colleague, tho member for Alaryborough, had had a great opportunity of foiming an oi>iuion about his supporters and tlio men around him, uuu yet he admitted thut tho ma terials for forming a Government did not exist on that side of tho House. It was very .complimentary to lus asso ciates to say so, and it must he taken for granted that tho opinion was a pretty cor rect one. Supposing tho leader of the Opposition did carry this vote, in wlmt Iiosition would he find himself ? He would >e like Aclmon — lorn to pieces by his- own dogs— dozens of them all seeking office. Ho had a kaleidoscopic Ministry lust vcar, constantly changing its phases : but there was one focus upon which thut kttlcidoscopo was always centred, and that focus was Brisbane. There were three very necessary qualities for Ministers- ability, knowledge, aud honesty. ' Thero were plenty of gentlemen on the Opposition, side of tho llouso who, he (Air. Hill) guaranteed, had plenty of ability, and could express their thoughts in elegant and good language : thero were fewer of them who had any real .knowledge of .» Uill/ LAftwjT »liw UUvUl. XUwli legislation did not go bcyoud the length of tho railway line, and if it was only to extend their knowledge it would bo advisable to push the trunk linos out. If they had real knowledge of tlio country and its resources they would not bo so short-sighted in their policy of trying to eoneentralo everything into Brisbane. Brisbane might be a great capital, aud lie siueercly hoped in future years would ho the capital of a great nation, but lot it bo so on fair and legitimate grounds. Lot it be contented with its own legitimate por tion of the trade, and with tho kuowlcdgo that every shilling of revenue collected iu the colony must pass through its coffers. The lion, member for Alaryborough also referred lo the Railway Reserves Act, The hon. member did not refer to it with such zeal as lie had noticed on previous occasions. Tho Railway Reserves Act was about the only pieeo of legislation which emanated from the Opposition when tlicy wero in power, und as a piece of legis lation it was one which he (Air. Hill) con demned utterly, for it was founded upon principles of repudiation. If any private firm or incrcmitiio institution, lmd taken such a foul and base advuntngo of a clause in a lease it would bo held up to public odium, aud the public would bo rory sby of doing business with it again. If it was passed on tho principle of doing evil that good might come, very Utile good had re sulted from iu Its main result had been to shut up the town of Bonm. What should he a prosperous and rising township, surrounded by a yconmn population, was now hcmuicd iu by a wealthy company. Tho hon. member for Mitchell predicted when tho Bill was first introduced that such would bo tho case, saying that any muu with money in his pocket could buy 10,000 acres of land there, picking out the eyes of tho country, at Ms. an ncre, adding that the authors of tho measure had tuo impudenco to pretend to bo tho poor men's friends. The result then pre dicted find happened, and the land was now locked up. Tho lion, member for Mary borough said that if these liabilities must bo incurred they must from the public estate and Inndcd property obtaiu the means of paying tho interest on tho in creased expenditure involved, and a few sentences further on plainly iulimatcd his prcfcrenco for a land-tax. A land-tax had no terrors for him (Mr. lliU). Although sololy engaged in pastoral pursuits, ho ycl, liko tho Uolouial Secretary, did not own an ncre of land in Oiieen.slnnd. and did not know that lie over should. Ho was not possessed witli nu earth-hunger, and when tho timo came for him to buy hisrun, if ho was not in a position to do so, he should bo quito content to tuko up his bed and wulk further west. There was plenty of room thcro, and those railways would facilitate his making a graceful exit. Tho policy ns shadowed forth by tho hon. member for Maryborough was tho most short-sighted 0110 which any Government, even in these times, could hint at. When tho standard wealth of tho colony was disposable in unlimited quantities, it was surely most unstatcsmnuliko to bold such a threat over tho heads of those who woro possibly contemplating buying their land, especially nt so early a stage of tho colony's history. Tho note of warning had already- been sounded in Victoria, and tlioy all knew what had been the effect of tlio laud-tux there, and that wheu aa unscrupulous Gov ernment wished to gain popularity they hud only to threaten to put on another turn of tho scrow ; and they might put on so many as to tax tho laud to its full annual value. Could it bo wondered at, that with such a tax staring them in tho face, capital ists should bo rather shy of investing in land —that they should hesitate before placing themselves, boundhand midfoot, in the power of uny possible Government that might be formed in theso colonics P Tho uian who in- vcstcdhismouoyincornerallotmeutsorbank shares was safe ; lie was citlior not taxed or ho could turu liis property into money quickly, while tho man who locked up his mouey iu land handed himself over iu tho most confiding muuucr to the tender mercies of the Government. A land-tax ho con sidered nn odious iuAiction, and the mere mention of it by an ex-Premior was most injudicious and likely to be detrimental to a rising colony whoso chief wealth lay in her land. Tho constant cry of the Opposi tion throughout tho debato had beon, " How nro you gotug to pay the interest on this loan?" Ho (Mr. liill) would point out one way in which that could bo dono. Iu Ids own districts alone, North and South Gregory, there was an area of 80,000,000 ncres of land, which last year brought in a rental of £15,38 3, tvhich at live per cent, represented a capital of £307,000. If a capital valuo of Is. per aero were estab lished upon (bat land it would reprosent a viiluo of £-1,000,000, representing at 5 per cent. £200,000 per annum, instead of £15,383 ns at present. Tho hon. member for Barling Downs hod referred in whufc ho considered a most contemptible manner to tho oxeossivcly low rentals paid by the squatters in tboso districts. Tho ensuing ' 30tli Soptombor would show that not only wcro his constituents paying full raluo for their country, but thut they would throw up a considerable amount of it, us it was not worth tho mere peppercorn rent thoy wero now paying, no una suueu uusou a former oecusiou, and further information hud convinccdhim as toits correctness. The rental quoted justnow was that paid on tho 30th September, 1878 ; but tho rental duo from those districts during the current year was £22,11)1). Even that was a small rental for so largo nn acreage, but it showed that oven under existing circum stances tlioso runs were contributing in a constantly progressive ralo towards tho general revenue. Ho had mentioned tho vuluo of Is. per aero being established upon thoso vast tracts of magnificent country, but lie bolievcd that, taking it uU in all — tlio good with tho hud— and thcro was very littlu bad, it would roprcsont a value of 5s. per aero, nt which it could bo rapidly alienated if access were given to it; mid would then return to tho general rovenuo nn income on a capital valuo of £211,000,000. That wus only irom tho district of tho Gregory, ami did not tabo into account tho enhanced valuo of tho land iu tho Mitchell, the Burke, and tho Warrcgo districts. Tho usual Oppo sition sneers had been made at the < close population of tlioso districts, consisting of sheep and kanakas ; but sheep were uu ++ udmirablo thing for the colony, and every year tho five or six million sheep in the colony brought in about a million Stirling from England, which wus distributed amongst every class of tho community. It would bo far better for tho colony if thoy had, as they easily might have, twenty- five or thirty millions or sheep, instead of sjx millions. Sheep paved tho way for civilisation ; thcjf did not, us the lion, mem ber (Mr. Miles) said, like the Colorado hectic, leave a wilderness behind them. There were nourishing towns in New South "Wales, such as Wagga Wnggu and Albury, which l»o had recently visited, which were mainly supported by t he sheep stations in their neighbour hood. llolookcd upon the pastoral industry us the mainstay of tho colony, and follow ing on that uumo mining. Iu almost every instance thesqiuittcrwcnt first, and thu miner followed. He wus not inimical to farmers, but ho considered the agricultural interests entirely .subsidiary. It was to the advan tage of tho fanners to push forward tho pastoral and milling industries as much as possible, because on them depended their solo market. "What with tlio un certainty of the climnte and tlio distance) of tho best farming lunds from ports, directly production exceeded consumption tho fnrmors would suffer very great hard ships and misery. Every man could not live lltldor Ilia mm vino unit nnf. tiic nirn pumpkins, if our farmers had locompctcwitii other colonics, such ns New Zealand and fciouth Australia in tlio London market, forthe only staple commodities they could produce. With regard to tlio pastoral interest, he would take the opportunity of thanking tho Minister for Works for his splendid de fence of tho squatting community. Tlio lion, member for Darling Downs (Mr. Miles) made an attack upou that lion, gen tleman for having dono so; and tlio hon. member for Enoggora (Mr. Itutlcdgo) re ferred to tho squatters as though thoy wero not able to defend themselves. Tlmt defence camo with an excellent grace and with double force from a man who wus not him self a squatter, and who had once con demned them wholesale. Ho trusted tho example would he followed, and that other lion, members would bo converted to a dilfcrout view of tho squatters from that they had previously held. Tho squatters hail been moro sinned against tbnn sinning. Somo squatters in tho early days hud, uo doubt, erred and showed a greed for land; but they had been sufficiently punished, mid tho wholo class should not still be bratulcd as almost worse than fclous. If tho occupation was such a plea sant, rosy one, nud if tlio robbery froui the country was such thut squatters could make gigantic fortunes by doing nothing, lion, members who inveighed ngaiust them should just try their hands and sec how they would liko it. An hon. member (Mr. Itutlcdgo) in his speech alluded to the Ipswich workshops dismissals as not in Hccordaneo with the professed intentions of the Government to carry on a works policy with vigour, and it had also been said that to compare n prlvuto financial transaction with a public ono was unfair. Ho consi dered that in both eases n very fair com- Enrtson might bo instituted between private usincss and tho business of a Govern ment. . In his own liue ho hud seen a station' encumbered with a lot of useless mcu and loafers. Prescutly u ehango camo o'er tho spirit of tho drenui. Another nianngor camo in, and without any special spirit of retrench ment discharged the men right and left with a view to reorganisation. Moro men wcro put on, and tho station was turned into a thriving and profitable ono in a very short time. No doubt, the Public Works Oflieo ns well ns other ollieos wcro found to bo overloaded with useless mon, and it required a mini having strength of will and tho courage of his opinions to clear them, as had been done. It was, therefore, un fair to uso that us a party cry to raiso ill- footings. "With regard to the loan vote, tlio Government lmd. used a wise discretion in showing what they wanted, and stating that thoy proposed to spread tho loan over a period of thrco years. AVhere ho (Mr. Hill) about to put u lurgo tract of country iincicr slice)) and found no find not the necessary means ho should probably go to a banker for assistance. If ho then went with a scheme and asked for nn overdraft to carry him ou till next yenr, and, getting thut concession, went again year after year with tho same request, lie should expect to have the screw put on, as it probably would bo. But if ho went ana showed a comprehensive Hi'liemo by which a cortain amount of money would cuablo him to tido over a certain number of j'ears; and result in a profitable business — as tho Govornmont in tho caSc of (ho management of the country had done— Llicro would bo a reasonable expectation of his getting tho money on good forms. Tho hon. member for Wido Bay (Mr. Bailoy) made an allusion to recriminations and personalities which had been made iu tlio House. No one rcuroltod their introduction into debato moro than ho hud — over siuco thoy wcro introduced iu tlio first iustnnco by the leader of the Opposition. Tho hon. member scorns to give the members on that (Ministerial) side tho ndvico that tliey wero to bo tho attacked party but not tho attack ing. But surely neither ho nor anyone else could expect that thoso lion, members, when smitten on one cheek, wcro going to turn to tho smiter tho other : if ho did ho wus very much mistaken. Thoy hud the power to reply, nud they should Cultivate ; it. Thoy were not goilig to lie brow-l)entcii by members of Lite Up|>o.si,'io:i, but should repel nuy attempt of lliu kind; and there fore it would he a very good tiling if both sides mutually agreed to abstain altogether from persona lilies. The same hon. mem ber made an allusion nut calculated to provoke nmrihle or good feelings when lie r. T-rri'd In rinse settlement as meaning settlement, of kanakas nitd sheep. The hon. member knew well rno'iU'i that KanakC :< irid been done away with mtiivly — that the t-iw did not permit llieni to exist any lungel' — in that district. Without wishing to cuter iqioii the whole question, he might say, as nn employer of thciu at one time, that they were introduced in a time of very groat need. He and many others in u similar position would have been entirely ruined hud it not been for their introduction then, because ut thut time settlement had pro gressed faster than any possible schcine of immigration could supply the necessary labour, and the Crown lessees wero com pelled to liavo recourse to that kind of labour. Settlement was not now progres sing so fast, anil that necessity bad ceased to exist with htm; it ceased to exist eight never employee! kanakas. Considering ns he did that he owed u debt of grutitudo to kanakas, ho did not care to hear them abused or spoken of in slighting terms. With regard to tho general policy of tho Government, he was prepared to give his unflinching adherence. There might be somo minor item of which he did not thoroughly upprovc, but those items should havo rendered the policy more reconcil able and more palatable to the members of tho Opposition— ut least, if they had spoken what they believed to be true from their scats iu the House. Mr. Patkrson said the hon. member who had just sat down had struck a chord which they could all understand when ho said thnt certain items in the Government pro posals ou loan neeouut should meet tho upprovul of members of the Opposition, lie (Mr. Butcrson) believed that solno of tbosc items were put ou with the view of meeting their approval and tho approval of their constituents, und not bccnuso the Government themselves thoroughly approved oi them. The . words of the amendment now under discussion were, "The proposals of the Government, in relation to the construction of public works, are unsatisfactory to this House." Tho debate, he - considered, would do cousidcrahlu good — it would define purtics more and more, and, nlthough some hon. members might think tlio time wasted, tho discussion could not but be advantageous to tho country in general and the constituencies in particular. Tho remarks ho should muke would not be spoken from what might be called an ultra- party point of view. In anything ho might say on the different phases of tho question, it would be understood (lint he did so from his own conviction and from his personal knowledge ; and that ho was not guided to any great extent, if at nil, by what whnt wus termed special partisanship. Ho held that concurrently with tho Louu .Estimates the Government should hnvo introduced n measure by which the country should have been guaranteed that, if there wero any deficiency in tho payment of intorostaftorthoworkingcxpenscsof the pro posed trunk and branch lines had been met, such deficiency would como from a special source, nud not from the general revenue. That was tho real point at issue. The financial basis of the proposal was the weak point of tlio Government structure, ami ho should be ablo to prorc that be had sufficient ground for making that state ment. There was al so a very roprohensiblo dearth of particularities in reference to the particular proposals enunciated by tho Government. They did not suy, for in stance, whore tho central line was to run ultimately, and not ono of tho Ministers gavo any intimation us to tho direction in which the Charters lino would travel. Hon. members, however, wero told, through nu interjection, that the tliroo trunk linos were goiug towards tlio setting sun. But wcro tlioy going north-west or south-west? In the summer timo tlio sun sets south of west, and in tho winter tinio north of west, and it was of very groat importance to his constituents whether tho Charters Towers lino was to bo projected towards the setting placo of tho summer suu or tho winter sun. Tho satuo dearth of particu larities was evinced iu respect to branch lines. Hon. members had no data upon which to form a judgment — tlioy lmd not even the information they would look for as private individuals — namely, particulars us to estimated traffic,- the particular route sketched out, tho osti- mated cost of tho lino and of tho land. The Government might even havo given nil indication of tho population iu the branch districts, nud the products which wero grown iu tho viciuity of tho coutcmpluted routes. In tho nnmo of common-scnso, wcro they not entitled to as much informa tion us a private company had to supply when tliey asked tho public to take up shares iu their venture ?— but tho House was asked, and it wus tho burden of tho whole song of Ministers iu advocating the louu, to believe in their sincerity and earnestness. Ho did so, but lie askod hon. members op- posito to allow the sumo amount of sin- cerity and earnestness as they claimed lot themselves. The Opposition were emphati cally. sinenrein seeking forthcilcnis and data, which common-sefi«c men would require. It could not, also, lie but noticed that the railway policy the House was called to sanction wus not the railway policy of a few months ago. Thcro wasu difference — and ho was sorry to say it was so — of something like £31(0,000 on tlio branch lines, and in other respects there was nn alteration. The policy Jirslenunciuted wus more preferable to him ; but from the timo it was first enunciated until now a fresh scheme had been conceived, and cerium amount a had been lopped off and others added. During this short period of gestae tion the Government brought forward brunch lines which the country generally did not approve of. They lmd excluded from their programme tlio branch lines m tho immediate vicinity of Brisbane that had been looked for nml desired, and lmd included lines which nobody had ever heard of until the Estimates wcro produced. And this policy had been framed with a view of meeting the farm ing constituencies, tho Premier haying charged the Opposition, tho other evening. u-iili liiiiMiwf mtiinrl < 1 1. « niloclSflll (if hmDL'il lines simply for the purjioso of setting the farmers against the squatters He did not believe it wus ever raised ; there ncvor was any special information given by the Oppo sition member in tlio new House as to what branch lines should be constructed ; but the)' knew that ono member of tho Ministry wns not in favour of branch lines- Only tlio other day the member placed tho Charter Towers lino on a par with tho Bundubcrg line. It was too hud of tho Government to ask the House to swallow a pill, part of which was not believed in by a member of tho Cabinet. The Postmaster- General was that member Ho might us well here say that iu his candidature it was repeatedly asserted that tlio Liberal party wero going to plunge the country into a needless expenditure which would bring ruin upon it; thnt they were only going to construct branch lines out of loan uud stop the construction of muin lines, unless tlicro was u guarantee as to the payment of the interest. Tlio Liberal party wero spoken of as tho u branch-line" party, anil the present Gov- cmrncut party were called the " trunk-line" purty. In tuo llockliainpton Bulletin of November 8, Mr. Buzacott was reported as having said, nt his first election meeting, thnt lie held that unless the Government expended borrowed money in reproductive works tlio inevitable result would be in creased taxntiou. That was a uoblo senti ment which lie, as ono of tho Opposition, repeated that evening. They were not ill favour of tho expenditure of loans on un productive works, und ho was sorry tho Government had not disclosed anything moro than their belief that tho land sales would cover the interest. The House wus outitlod to something more thnu asser tion. Ho belioved that the Cook gold- fields would curry a population of 50,000 — the hon. member for Cook went even further not long ago — but would auy man speculuto 011 the mere statement of his belief? Mr. Buzacott went on to say that lie wus in favour of a liberal expenditure on publiu works, especially on main trunk lines, und as railway coustructiou was a matter of conscquonco it wus not imporatiro thnt tho system under which it was to ho carried out should bo financially sound. Had they tho figures which were necessary to enable them to judgo? Mr. Buzacott next said that long lines of railway always paid, but short ones did not ; und yet a part of tho Ministerial schonic wus branch lines. They hud brought iu a bunch of ten lines, of which tho Postmaster-General belioved that six would not pay. Then Mr. Buza cott said— and this wus the point— that ho thought tho Government would not bo justified in accepting tenders for the Buuda- bcrg und Charters Towers Hues, uud hoped tliey would not do so, however much it might affect thcui in the time of eleetiou. Ho uiso hoped they would subordinate tlio interests or party to tho requirements of tlio State. Did tho Premier suy that tho English of thnt was, not that the Post master-General did not believe in short lines, and that he trusted tho Government would follow out what ho had stated, whioli was that it would not ho to tho gcnoral interest of tho country if tho Gov ernment accepted tenders for tho Bundu bcrg uud Charters Towers lines ? Did ho not speak of them in tho sumo breath ? Tho Houso knew very well that tho Buudubcrg lino was stigmatised as a blot in tho bunch, nml hero they had the Post must er-G cnerui speaking of tho Charters Towers railway as a town liuo to it. In reply to a question, Mr. Buzacott also said that if ho woro re turned lio would ad voculo tho delay of nil unproductive works. Had ho discovered that the Charters Towers lino would pay, or hud he known thnt tho udditionnl taxa tion to which ho referred would not accrue? Tho Postmaster-General also, on the same occasion, said that there was a marked distinction between trunk and brauch lines, innsuiucli as the former ran through Crown lands, whilst the latter rnu through alien ated lands and would thus have to be built at the cost- of the taxpayers. Had it been shown thnt these branch lines pro posed hy tho Government were not going through private property and would not still bo 'at the cost of taxpayers? Coining now to the provision for a branch lino to the Clermont lio was exceedingly disappointed (hut such a small amount was put down for it. It would be worthless; it would commit the country to a small length of twelve or twenty miles which would he of no use. It was always understood that tho branch lo Clermont would receive full sanction; it was only .sixty-five miles long, and he knew that the inhabitants of Clermont and Copperfield would be much disappointed and disgusted at finding such a smalt sum as £50>UOO set down as tin instalment. It would have been better for tho Government to liavo left it out altogether, or else have made ample provision for the whole length of line, as they might very well have done. This provision was not in ccmsoiiftnce with what he must say was not au unfair provision for tho Central district. Tho Government had given tho heartiest eon- sideration to the wants of tho Ccu tral district, with the exception of Iho Clermont branch, lie agreed with the Minister for Works' statement, that tho X<oau Estimates did not go far enough, nud, with all respect to members sitting on the Opposition vouches, and on the Gov eminent benches also, he was bound to say that Micro should have been provision for a longer extension of tho Central main line; tt should hnvo gone to tho Thonqisoa, and Just now there was every inducement to adopt that cxtonsiou in consequence of the cheap rate at which steel rails could be supplied; and in view of these circumstnuccs ho had had every hope that the Government would liavo gone on to tho Thompson ltiver, which was only seventy miles further. When speaking on this point, ho might ns well say he was surprised to find, the other evening, that an ex-Premier — the lion, member for Maryborough— displayed so little knowledge respecting what was going on in the surveys of this district ; and, us Ministers had not vouchsufcd much infor mation on tho subject, ho thought it his duty to point out that tho Ministry were in nn excellent position to go on with tho works in that district. They li«d the fullest information. In the your 1874, Mr. "WiUoughby Hnmiaui, surveying engineer, reported that he had found certain gaps iu tho Drummond ltunges nud a very feasible route through thut range. Subsequently it was thought advisable to take the lino iu u northerly dircctiou, and Mr. Hannaiu was instructed to thoroughly oxploro the whole of tho runges. The result was that the original routo picked out was ,llie oue through which tho railway would pass. Mr. Ilaunam had been about five years, with the exception of a short time he was engaged ou tho perma nont works, exploring these ranges, and he thought it was just as well that I1011. mem bers should know that the Government wcro in no diiliculty about currying on that line, or as to defining tho route. Tie know that Mr. Ballard reported some time since that all the features and intricacies of those ruuges woro fully uud carefully reported on. The truth should prevail at all times, and hon. members should know thut the Government had information with respect to that line which they might have given to the House. With regard to the exten sion from llctroat to tho Thompson, ho wished to point out that ulthough this pro posal was only to carry tho liue 130 miles, still it was indicated by the Minister for Works that this was only on account— that it wns contemplated to make a further ex tension, and ho was very glad to hear it. Tho extension from llotreat to the Thompson would finally benelit tho Mit chell .District, and, excluding tho Gregory districts from the calculation, tho cost of 300 miles of railway from ltetrcut to tho Thompson at £3,000 per mile would bo £600, uOO, tho annual iuterost on which ut 4 1 per cent M ould be £27,000. It lind been saiu by tho Minister for Works that ho bcliovcd that that lino whoa constructed would return an amount equal to whut was now obtained from tho working of the Cen tral Itailway, and lie (Mr. l'utcrson) had figures to provo thut that could bo done ; but whut ho wanted to show was tiiat, even oil that footing, there M ould still bo a de ficiency of iuterost, and as that was tho point upon which ho practically staked his election ut Hockhumpton, it was us well that ho should bo clear upon it. Tho in terest on tho line, ns ho hud said, Mould be £27,000, and deductiug .two-thirds of that amount, or three per cent.— that M as ou tho understanding that tho three per cent, would bo paid after paying working ox- ponscs— deducting that from the <l| per cent., it mado £18,000, and leaving a balance of interest deficient of £0,000. Nou tho real question m'us, would tho pas toral lessees receive any benefit from that lincor anyof tho trunk lines? The Minister fprWorkshudsaidthathconccbelicvcd these lines would benefit the pastoral lessees, but he had since ultcrcd lus opinion. But would ho or any hon. member say that tho pastoral lessees would not receive any benefit nt all — that they Mould not receive an iinmcdiuto monetary benelit the moment those lines u cro completed? Ho did not believe any member would have the courage to sny that they Mould not receive nuy benefit. No doubt tho colony generally Mould be benefited us uell ; and, putting the benefit the' would receive down atone- third, ho thought they might very fairly t ask the Mitchell district to contribute tho other two-thirds. It would be A very smnll sum; taking £3,000 from the .CD, 000, it would leave £6,000 of the deficiency in interest to eomo from the Mitchell district. Prom the published rent lists in tho Go - vcvnmcnt Gazette lie found that nfc present the annual rental received from that dis trict uas £18,000. Much had beeu said about doubling the rents of the pastoral lessees, and the Minister for Works said they might double them if tlicy guvo a better tenure and ruihvn privileges; but he (Mr. Puterson) said, let them deal with tho railway privileges first and the question of tenure aftorwurdx, because tfioy should net with precaution. They should take the same precaution ns if they wcro discounting a bill of someouo wlioso ultimate ability to pay they wore not quite certain about. In tho present instance, they were about discounting tills Loan Bill of tho Government, and ho held thut they should take tho same precaution and have an nssurnnco that if, after the railway Mas made, there should be a deficiency of interest, it should be part of the scheme (lint portion of tho dclicieucy, to the extent of two-thirds, should be obtained from the Mitchell district in respect of that line. Instead of asking double rent, all they should require wns that tho m'holo district should nay its share of the dclicieucy of iutercst, u'jiich u-as not too much to ask — that Ministers should f;ivo them an nssurnnco that when these incs uero completed any deficiency of interest accruing would be stated, mid that tiicy Mould assent and assist the House to pass a measure to enable ttio country to receive from the rents of that territory one- third more than they wcro at present receiving, lie wns not oho of those who M'us faiut-henrted about trunk lines. The Miuister for Works, tbo otiier evening, shoucd clearly that trunk lines could be constructed at a very Ion cost. The prin cipal saviug arose from tho cheapness of steel rails and other material that hud to bo imported ; ami he wished to point out, to lion, members who were doubtful upou this point, tho benefit that would urise from a cnrcfully-prcpnrcd and wolt-dcfincd railway scheme at tho present time. It Mas this— a few years ngo permaueut-m'ay imported cost from £1,300 to £l,o00 pin nule, and tho Miuister for Works stated that itonly noM cost £675 per rnilo ; so that if thoy avuilcd themselves of the market nt present, they Mould bo making railnuvs at the rato they M'ero two years ngo, anil tho saving, us far ns permanent-way Mas con cerned, would bo equal to the enjoymeut of their capital free of interest for iivo years. The interest on £3,000 for iivo years M as £675, the amount at M'hich tho Miuister for Works said permniieut-u'n)' could nou be imported for. This M'as tho reuson why they should nou consider tho desirability of supporting a sound and m'cll-conccircd measure for railway con struction. Very much had been made of the estimated laud revenue, nud lie should like to understand wliother hon. members, when using this term, meant tho rents from pastoral tenants or tho proceeds of sales of Crown lands? It n-us very apt to mislcnd hon. members if there wns not somo distinction made, but, taking laud revenue us used by hou. gentlemen oppo site to mean both sales of land and pastoral rents, thoy based their calculations on the land rcvenuo received during the past five years, uud expected to receive ns much and more. But he m'us sorry to say that thero m as everything to discourage the belief that they would receive any sucli revenue. One of tho principal reasons why this result might bo expected mrns tho very many abnormal purchases of land that had been mado during tho past five years by pastoral lessees, Thoy m'ero in a most flourishing state — both cattle mcu and sheop men woro in a very much hotter position than they woro boforc; but every squatter ho spoke with nou on the matter, and every hanker lio spoko with , ou the point, affirmed that the squatters Mould do well in future to avoid tho pur- chnso of land. He believed there would be a considerable diminution in tho receipts from the sale of prc-cmptivcs to that sec tion of the community ; nud there mas no prospect of the pastoral interest jumpiug back into the positiouit held five years age — at any rate, for the next two or three years, although ho should be glad to see it do so. But tnero was unother reason uhy the laud sales revenue mas likely to be sta tionary — namely, that if tho Divisional Boards Bill m'as passed it would, at the present juncture dishearten many settlers in various parts of Iho colony — in fnct, it hud nlrendy 'done so. Everyman u'ho M'as about to tako up a selection uns now um'urc that the moment he took it up it becamo to him in the nature of u free hold, on m'hich lie Mould be taxed for making roads, bridges, and u'huUnot. That would act as a druu'back to selectors. At nay rate, there uero other ways iu which ho could indicate that there were no grounds for believing tlmt the land revenuo of the colony from sales and selections was likely to be increased; on the con trary, lie believed it would be a good thing for 'the country if they could hold that revenuo at uTint it had been for tho last iivo years. A great deal had been said about the large extent of available country in tho two Gregorics and in the Mitchell districts; but he had gone over maps of the ulio)c of them, ami there wcro not four inches of blnnk paper in the lot, therefore there m'as no country to bo taken up excepting ruus that might be Under forfeiture. Tho country was receiving now the maximum rental that it could possibly receive, until the present leases expired, lie m'as a ware that under the leases there was an increaso of rent from time to time, but of that ha m'as not speaking, as they mcro entitled to that m'hctlior there was a railway or not. He contended that seven-eighths, if not niue- tecn-twcutietlis, of tho whole country m'as marked us " taken up " on tho maps ut the Laud OiUec — that was, in tho Grc- gorics North mid South, aud iu tho Mitchell ; so that thcro would not be, from the three sources ho had mentioned, for tho next throe or four years, the in crease oxpected by tho Government during the noriod wlum they Mould be expending this loau. It luul been said that the squat ters m'ould not rcccivo any benefit from tho rnilu'ny ; but ho could indicate tho way in which they would — thoy would enjoy the menus of transit for the conveyance of their m'ool, Ac., to the const, niul for their stores from it. Thej m'ould have a bolter supply of labour; cheaper and more cer tain carriage ; and a saving of interest on their nionoy by their produce being con veyed direct to the const. As a sum mary of the immediate benefit that would nccruo to tho squatters, ho might men tion that only a short time ago lie sum a paragraph in a newspaper, in m'hich it muis stated that tho peoplo at Bluckull Mould bo glad to pay 25 per cent, more if they could get their goods conveyed from or to there in live weeks. Nou if tho peoplo there M'ould pay 25 per cent, more to get their goods out in five m'ccks, should tho squatters not pay quite as much to get their goods out in twenty-five hours instead of weeks ? But instead of asking them to pay extra carri age, they u'orc ouly to be askeu to pay about ono third of wluit thoy paid at present — and even to thut thoy demurred. Telegraph extension was a feature in the Loan Esti mates, and lie thought they sliould slay their hands in that direction. Ho bcliovcd ho m'as correct in snj'ing that tho u'estern lines did not pay anything like iutorest on their cost of construction, and therefore thoy ought to nsk Ministers not to include telegraphic extension u'oslwnrd in their Loan Estimate. Tho Minister for Works spoke the other night of grass having paid the interest on the m'holo of the loan of the colony sinco Separation and leaving a balance of £2SO,00i). Tho Minister for Works: What I snid M'as the iuterost oil tho money borrowed for railway construction. Mr. Patersox snid ho took down tho hon. gentleman's words at the time, but lio would take Hansard ns a very fnir repre sentative of what the hou. gcntleiium said. The lion, gentleman M as then reported to hnvo said " I say it is tho grass of tho colony that pays tho interest upou railway making." He (Mr. Puterson) had only referred to tho m'holo of the debt of tho colouy in respect to railways, us he had been talking nuout railways all the time. At any rate, the hou. gentleman snid that tho pastoral rents had not only paid tho nhole of the interest sinco Separation, but they m'ould actually go £2S0,(X)0 beyond that. The hon. genlle- mun had not shou-n that, nor had tho Miuistors shown any scheme or proposal under m'hich they expected to extract front tlio grass of the colony a sufficient sum to cover lite interest that might be necessary m'hen these proposed lines were completed. His contention uas, that they unrated tho grass of thoso districts to pay for any de ficiency of iutcrest on the M'orking of tho contemplated lines ; but no suggestion of the kind lmd been mado. Tho hon. gentle man luul spoken ill fiou'ory terms of tho groat benefits Llie people of Queensland had received from pastoral rents, but lio said nothing about the benefits the squat ters had received iu return— nothing of tho tons of ncu'spupcrs carried from Brisbane into the interior, and lnndcd at tho squatter's cottages free of cost; — even the Qnccwilaiidcr was delivered to tho farthest end of tho territory without a farthing expense to iho squatter. Tnkiug tho m'hole of tho western territory, over tho Main Range, crediting tho m'hole of the rents received ever since Separation, and debiting the squattors with police pro tection, cost of the mail routes, dispensa tion of justice, police magistrates, aud deficiency of interest on telegraphic con struction from tho time it first passed the Buugc iuto tlrat sparsely-peopled terri tory, and only indicating a feu of the benefits received by tho squatter ut the cost of tho State, lio guaranteed the out- como of it Mould bo that there Mould bo very liltle of the pastoral rents to go to Uig credit of the country. One could tn'ist mid luru figures to prove anything, but be had indicated on this point sufficient to sliou- thut tho argument about the pastoral rents having bceu such a boon to the country was a fallacious one. and apt to mislead. One of the leading features of tho speeches of Ministers m'as that they did not defend the branch lines or give requisite information respecting, them. The Colonial Secretary never used the words "branch lines" at ull, and tho Trcnsurcr himself said very little about them ; the Minister for Works referred lo them in a somewhat hopeless fashion ; columns of Hansard m'ero devoted to the advocacy of the soundness of the policy of the extension of trunk lines, but there m'ero few members who Mere nut of the same opinion as the Ministry, on the general questiou thut the country ought to be opened up by trunk lines. It was admitted on both sides there was little dillieulty iu the M'orks specified. Branch lines Mere in the policy of the Government that ought not to bo there, and brunch lines Mere not there that should bo there. The fuudumeutal differ ence between tho two sides of tho House was as to the sound fiuunciul policy. To use tho words of tho Postmaster-Genera, thoy on their side would not proceed until the soundest financial policy uud the fullest details m'ere giveu to enable members to judge of the merits of each line, otherwise thoy m'ould bo asked to take a leap in the dark. The great bulk of the population m'ero ropreseuted by the members on tho Opposition side, who m'ero there to protect the interests of the population lit tho mutter of taxation. J to m'as as imxious ns any member to see a Loan Bill passed— in twenty-four hours if necessary, and he hoped members ou either side would do him the credit of believing that in what ho lutd said lie was actuated by no special parti sanship ; lie had spoken as u Quecushmdcr. Very much depended upon tho public M'orks policy of any Government. The essential features of every public . works policy should be the extension of railways, coupled with a careful scheme of immigration, mul if tho two Mere considered together at the present time it m'ould ultimately place this colony in tho first rank of the group. Tlicy had been told outside the House, re cently,. that tho extension of certain lines depended upon the side of the House upon M'ltieb the representatives of the districts happened to sit. He, however, gave the present Government credit for being in earnest in their railway policy, though lie ' did not think their heart and soul m'ere iu all the brunch lines, uud one or two of the trunk lines hud but a watery support. This, perhaps, m'as nob surprising. Jle might mention tlmt the Ministerial party m'ere not so liberal to bis constituents us they were many years ago. Here thoy lmd a Premier who had a special knowledge of ruilwny construction, and yet ho guvo the district lie (Mr. Putcrsou) represented £30, UUD less than the Colonial Secretary did M'hcn ho n'us Premier. So far as the Liberal and Conservative parties M'cnt, the Central districts showed, pretty well the samo m'ilh both. As to mile age, tho Palmer Administration gave 110 miles of railway towards tho Comet, ami tho Liberal Administration ninety miles ; but the cost of the niucty miles m us £823,023, or nearly double that of tho 110 miles. The total amount granted for rail- May construction in tho Central districts m'as £1,3U3,078, out of m'hich tho Pulmcr Administration gave £130,000 and the Libe ral £823,023; so thut, so far as pounds m'cnl, the Central district had benefited moro by the Liberal than by tho Conservative party, and now that the Conservatives hud como into power labelled "Liberal," they Mere treating the Central districts moro scurrily than tlicy m'ere treated many yours ngo. Nothing had been snid by Ministers upon m'hich a fnir and sound conclusion could be arrived as to where tho deficiency urns to como from. Ho had shon'u that land sales were likely to decrease instead of increase ; that as fur as the colony and its interests - wcro concerned, tho Divisional Boards Bill, the tightness of the money murkct, uud other causes, n'cro likely to lead to a dimi nution of the land revenue. Those facts could not bo contested, and tlicy should therefore have further and fuller information of tho intentions of the Government in the event of their prognostications as to the laud revenue not bciug realised. Ho mus not incliucd to regard tho debate us of so much impor tance us sonic people inside uud outsido tbo House m'ero disposed to attach to it. It appeared to liim to be more iu tho nuluro ot a conciliatory rumonstrnuco than any thing else. Thcro had been a good deal of finaucial juggling, but they had been till able to liud tho pea. However highly that might bo gilded, lie should fellow tlio course indicated, by bis remarks, still Jioping members of the Ministry would give them a little moro information before going to division,. All tbc speeches of lion, members of the Government had bcoti of an ultra-pastoral character. Trunk lines were dcfcudodby them, but very little wns said about branch lines; and, though ho had no dillieulty iu digesting trunk lines, he was unable to give the Ministry his support. Ho should bo guided by what m'us for the good of the colouy. Mr. J. M. Thompson said that, slatul- iug hum' in the positiou of an independent member, ho rccoguiscd in the present de bate nil old friend— a premature attempt ou the part of the Opposition to curry something against the Government. Not having been behind llie scenes of either party Jte did not intend to say much of the party aspect of the affair, but it struck him as rather remarkable that wlum these rail M'ay s which luul been forced ou the 1 louse in a lump Mere carried to their legitimate conclvibioii— whcu tho liigh-hnml policy of the other side was carried out, it should meet with objection from them. He could understand it if these six linos of railway were the outcome of the policy of his side of the House. Did not the records of t Jio House show that they wore forced on the country in the most high-handed manner? They were made to swallow the lot. "When tho lion, member for Mary borough chose to initiate it policy of that sort he ought also to have contemplated the ultimate result. If they began a railway into the wilderness they must carry it on until it puid, and if they had not provided suiliuiont money tlioy must borrow what was required. It was therefore rutlicr Into to inquire how thoy were going to provide the interest on tho niouoy thej' should have thought of that when they gave the railways. Hut thero was a very simple answer. The rate of incroaso of both population, and property was so great that they could nlwuys ovortako tlio in terest on a loan of this kind. Ever since ho hnd been in tho House, tho ques tion' of how to provido the interest hud been asked and objections raised. Thoy paid their interest out of the in creased prosperity of tho colony. IIo was thoroughly tired of hearing the same thing, first from one side of the House and then from the' other. All tho objections urged from tho. Opposition side now were urged from the other side on a previous occasion; but there was this excuse then, that the wholo of the six railways were forced upon Hie JTousc in a lump. As far as (lie parly aspect of tho affair was concerned, tho Government ought to Itavo a little further trial. Ho urged this in the interests of the Opposition, because the Government were doing all the unpopular work. All this alarm about tho depression of the colony, and so on, would pass away ; its resources were tho same as ever. The Opposition could then come in, fill up all the vacancies, increase all the salaries, and the enhanced prosperity of tho colony would be attri buted to Ihcin. Therefore, it was utiwiso 011 their part to do anything to embarrass the Government, so long as they wore doing all tho unpopular work. Thero was one thiug'thut comiuondcd itsolf to him iu this scliome of the Government, and that was tlioir policy of branch lines of railway. 3? rom the last Government thev had any amount of promises of brunch lines. The Fnssifcrn line was long ago dangled before the eyes of that constituency, and for a loug time successfully ; ntul to keep it dangling, no fewer than three survoys of it were made. It was a capital thing to promiso. Onco they had an amount for the Fassifcrn aud Alotmt JJsk railways on the Estimates. Promises only satisfied for a time. Thoy wcro only unsubstan tial- food at best, but they staved oil appotito for a while. The time had come now for something substantial. The .Government were making an effort towards performance, aud had put the several amounts 011 tho Estimates for tho first time. Tho sums were small. £2,500 n-milo wns not, perhaps, sullicicnt for a high-speed railway ; but they did not want high-speed railways, but would be quite content with sure and certain communica tion. Let it bo understood — although he bud no right to put it in so dictatorial a way— that thoso lines were to bo made, and bet the responsibility of their being nmdo ivf the money rested with the Government. Tho Government would not pledge its credit to mako the lines for a certain sum per mile, uulcssthcy Imd reliable data to go upon. That tho lines would pay lie hud not the slightest doubt. They mightuot pay in thcslmpoof in teres ton cost of construction, but they would pay iu increased facilities of communication, in the enhanced value of luud, iu increased facilities for getting pro duce to market, and iu the development of tho mineral resources of tho country. Along with his lion, collcnguo (Mr. Mne- f'arlauc), ho regretted that there wns nothing in the scheme of tho Government for bring ing the Southern and Western lluihvay to dccp-watcr. ; He was sorry for that, becauso such a branch Kno would greatly facilitate the shipping of minerals, and especially of coal, thereby putting the colony in Hint respect 011 more equal terms with New South Wales, which only possessed one coal — the Newcastle— as good, ntidevcu better. The lion, member (Mr. Macfurlane) might have stated one fact in even stronger terms, for the Nowcnstlo coal to which ho re ferred was still iu a corner of the shops nt Ipswich, having been found inferior for tiicir purposo tluin the Ipswich coal. There was coal at Ipswich which, if it got into the market, would find a market in any part of the world, and he wns a little sur prised, therefore, that the Government had dono nothing to facilitate its export. It might be said that this sort of thing should be done by private enterprise, but capital in this colony wus limited, uiid industries required some little fostering at the outset. If thoy wero as rich as tho capitalists of New South Wales, they coulu afford to pay £20,000 or £30,000 for u tramway to deep-water, bub unfortunately they wero not. Assistance in this direction wus therefore quite legitiuinte, and tho public would bo justified ill joining in an experi ment which might be for the good of (he wholo colony, by establishing an industry which largely employed labour, which brought actual money into the colony, and which was unobjectionable in every way. Ho would suggest to tho Government a menus by which, that object could ho obtained under their present scheme. Ono of tho surveys for the Snmlgnto line would pass along tho river near liulimba, and it would be an easy thing to communicate with the river so ns to cunhlc (hem to shin their coal. Whether the line went to South Brisbane or to Buliiuba wns nothing to the producing interests; all they wanted wns to have the thing done. During the whole of the time those extraordinary shuffles were taking plncc in the late Adminis tration to which reference had been made to-night, tills question was con tinuously forced upon tho attention of iho Government far more than it had on this. There wero inquiries and com missions — the most artistic commission over gob up by any Government — a com mission so constituted that it was impos sible for tho members composing it to agree. The consequence was, a negative report which justified the Government in doing nnthing; and they did nothing. He hoped the Government would consider his idea of taking tho river 011 tlioir way to Sandgatc, and thus satisfy both the pro mises made by the late Government— branch railways and communication with deep-water. The Ipswich coal, with one exception, required very tender handling, mid would he greatly enhanced in vnluo if it could bo shipped without being broken up. It did not matter much which way ho voted to-night, because lie could seo very well it was only a sbam-fight. He should, however, vote 011 the side which hud givou tlicm a part of tho promises of tho last .Government, in tho eoniidcnl hope that the rest also would be giron in due time. Mr. Hexdiiex said he wns sorry to hear the lion, member (Mr. Thompson), who had been absent from tho colony aud neglecting bis Parliamentary duties, assert that this was a sham-tight — more especially ns that lion, member had been requested by his constituents cither to resign his sent or nttotul iu his place in (ho House, lint as that absence wus, he boliovcd, caused by circumstances over which the lion, member had no control, lie would not upbraid him for it. What lie (Mr. Hcndrcn) wished to say was, that the best line to deep-water was from Oxley to South Bris bane, and Hint lino should be made if they wished to enrich West Morcton, and not make it a mere pocket borough for North Brisbane. Several surveys had already been nmdo for that line, und hu recom mended it to the attention of hon. members, lie was speakiug for the general good of Hie country, and ho considered it would bo a rascally slmine to extend the line from tho present termiuus through tbo city. Tho distance to South Brisbnno would 00 only about seven miles and thero wcro no engineering difficulties in tho way. Tho whole country wns one coal-bed, and it was necessary that some line should bo made to accommodate the coal trade. Mr. Gregory liad shown that it was injurious to trado to ship coal from tho wharves where gcnoral commerce was carried on. Ho (Mr. Hcndrcn) was in favour of a line from South Brisbane to Oxley. On the north side there wns no room, ns all the land wus occupied by men who wanted to make a fortune, and who had formed a land ring there. Ho hud no interest in the oxport of wool, tallow, or other western produce, and he was only iu tcrcsted 111 tho country as a whole, and particularly in tho coal-producing portion of it. Tho district ho represented had produced nearly all the coal that lutd been exported from the colony. Ho did not believe that anything ho might say on tho main question would havo any influence whatever, so ho would only cougratulato tho hon. member for Ipswich (Mr. Thomp son) 011 his rc- nppearauco in the House. Thero was not a particle of had feeling 'between him und hon. members on tho Ministerial sido ; aud lie believed that on a division the hon. member (Mr. Thompson) would be found voting for his district. Mr. Abcueii said he should not troublo the House, ns some hon. members had done, with mnny quotations from Hansard . That was a weapon, as far us ho could see, Hint cut both ways, ami ho did not think it was desirablo to rake up what had been suid years before. The hon. member (Mr. Bailey), who quoted nearly all his speech from Hansard , forgot that only a short time before ho began a speech aud altered his opinion iu live minutes, boforo lie got to tlio end of it. The lion, mouibcr who changed his opinions, not in tho course of years, but in live minutes, had no need to rake up old speeches to account for tlio actions of the day. Tho hon., gentleman who first spoko from the Opposition side of the House did not treat the question quite fairly when they nindo a great ury about the enormous amount of money proposed to bo borrowed, and tbo length to which tho Government- were going. They did not draw tho attention of the Ifousc to tbo fact that tho Govern ment wore not going nearly so far as the House had again und again gone before They all slurted on tho false assumption that tho three millions was to be borrowed in order to bo spcutin one year ; otherwise, I10 did uot know wlmt tlio speeches meant. Tho leader of tho Opposition said tlmt nit tho cry wns "give us money," as if the request was for a very much larger amount than ho had ever been instrumental in getting while he wns a member of a Govern ment. Tho fact was, tlmt tho sum pro posed was much smaller Hum tho amount the colony laid been iu tho habit of borrowing. Three millions divided into three years gave one million a year; and the Minister for AVorks bad read the other day that in 1875 the colony borrowed £1,005,300; in 1870, £740,700; and in 1877, £1,322, 000 — making in Hicthrceycars 11 total of £3,788,000, or an average of about £1,253,000 a year. Therefore, the Govern ment wcro now proposing to borrow a quarter of a million a year less than the previous Government borrowed during those throe years. And yet the cry was that the Government were proposing to borrow cxcessivo sums and to rush the colony into a frightfully extensive system of public works. Ho insisted that such was not a fair wny to put the question. Again, the hon. member for Euoggern suid that in I80U so littlo monoy had been bor rowed that tlio interest on it wus not a great deal more tlmn half of the in come derived from Customs and Excise, no might havo gone a little further, bnck to the time when there was no interest to pay nt all upon borrowed money. But tho sum now proposed to bo borrowed would not by any means be a greater ad dition than the sums which he had been in strumental in borrowing. No doubt, the lion, gentleman had much easier times ; when he was Treasurer, tho yearly increase of revenue to a great extent covered the interest ou the sums borrowed. The hon. gentleman should remember, also, that there was a liopo that tho colony would not be for a great length of limo iu tho depressed stato it was now. Ho had only to steer the ship of the State, as an hon. member (Mr. Douglas) had called it, at a timo when thero wero no great difficulties in the way. Ministers wore now brought face to face with the fact that if the publio works of the colony wero suddenly stopped there would bo distress 111 the country a great deal worse than anything likely to result from the payment of in terest. What lion, members bad said of tlio enormous extravagance of tbo Govern ment applied much mora fairly to the former Government. "When the lion, mem ber (Mr. Douglas), in bis poetical mirage of tho ship in full sail, blamed the Govern ment for carrying all sail at a timo when to weather a storm thev ought to take iu reefs and mnnago the ship carefully, lie had not taken the troublo to study the figures laid before tho House, and must hare been under the impression that tlio proposed loan was greater than wlmt he hnd been in tho liabit of borrowing, instead of bciug at the rate of a quarter of a million a year loss. There ncou not bo sucb fear, becauso it was perfectly well known that tho sum would not be borrowed at one time, but bo scat tered over tlio period stated. Ho wished to say, brielly and distinctly, why he was able to support the Loan Estimates. Every lion, member was probably best acquainted with the resources of his own district. Ho (Mr. Archer) M as thoroughly satisfied with the resources of his district, and, so far from there being a question as to where tho interest wns to couie from for the con struction of the Central Bnilwuy, ho be lieved the lino would help the construction of other lines. The representatives of tho Southern part of the colony did uot appear to linvc the same contidcucu in their dis tricts. They appeared to bo afraid that iho branch lines and tbo extension of the Southern and Western Hallway would not pay ; but they would hare this satisfaction, at any rale, that the lines would not be "bunched," and they would be ablo to oppose them ns they eamo for ward one by oue. As for the Central line, lie felt perfectly conffdent it would not add oue penny to the general indebtedness, or at all events it would pay iu a few years, after the earnings were taken iuto accouut. The Southern lines, therefore, stood on a different footing. Thero wero a great mauy gentlemen who wcro satisfied that brauch lines would not pay, but tho branch railways now proposed differed materially from the lines the late Government intro duced. Tlio railways tlio Postmaster- General did not believe in wero short lines going nowhere, such as the Buiulaberg and Gympio lines. These were wlmt wero caIIcu short ntid insignificant lines, which ought, perhaps, never to have been under taken, aud theso wcro the lines which the Postmaster-General opposed. The branch now proposed liad tho advantage that they were connected with main Hues aud would act us feeders to, them, and that every bit of produeo or faro the) carried would actu ally add to tho income of tho main linos, and they theroforo could not be put iu the same category as tho Gympio and Buiula berg lines, ifo would simply notico that the Northern Hue, which had been spoken of by tho hon. member (Mv. Peterson) ns ono of the short lines to which tho Post master- General objected, would really be come n trunk line, tlic same ns tlio Central. If tlio people who Imd got what they wanted, or were getting what the' wanted, objected to the Government undertaking Hus railway, they should he disappointing (lie Northern people ; it was known thoy wero promised this lino by the Into Gov ernment, and the present Ministry would therefore bo breaking faith if they did not carry it out. As to tho talk about who benefited by the construction of these rail- ways, it was mere nonsense to say that tho squatters of the West would not benefit. Whoever got cheaper and more ecrtuin carriage benefited ; but, if they wore to look at tho interest with which tho towns contended for the railways, they benefited as much as any part of the country. Why was there a class in the South advocating that tho Jtomu Itailway should go North — if it was not because it was known that Brisbane would be benefited and corner allotments would be made more valuable? In Boekhauipton there was the same feel ing, but thero was this difference— they had opened a legitimate trade to tho West by their own enterprise and enrried ou the traffic by means of drays. They were anxious for tho extension of the Central railway, becauso Hint tho South ern and Western Hue would tap their district, and they were justified in their wish. No one who hnd watched the energy with which they had fought for tlio wes tern trade would grudgo them tlioir desire to retain it. Seeing the confidence that he had in the trunk lines ultimately be coming payable, and referring especially to the Central one, he had not the slightest doubt in supporting the Government; and, if ho saw the Opposition on the other side so decidedly opposed to tho Southern lines being carried out, perhaps he would give them his assistance. Pro bably, however much they might object nt present to this loan now proposed, they would prefer and be ready to increase the amount so that their districts might get a larger share, rather than obstruct tho Government in getting tho loan. He was rather disappointed at tho inconclusive way in which the hon. member (Mr. Paterson) broke off his speech. He believed as he (Mr. Archer) did — that the Central line, at all events, would pay well and bo an assist ance, and not a drain upon tbo couulry ; and lie had, therefore, hoped that tho hon. member would say be would not vote for tho motion of the leader of the Opposition, as by supporting it he would actually ob ject to the scheme of the Government. He (Mr. Archer) felt that these main trunk linos were already und were more and more bccomiug the means by which their towns grew and increased in wealth and trade, and that, therefore, they must be carried out. The present might not be tlie most fortunate time to curry them out. They, of course, deplored that the normal incrcaso ofrevonuo did not meet the expenditure, and if they believed it were to continue they should have to go on much slower; but Queensland had seen quito as bad times before, and hnd recovered from them. Ho therefore thought that tlicy could safely entrust tho Government with the expendi ture tho proposed loan to open out the traffic of tlic country. No one, however timid he might bo as to tbo present, would fail to sec tlmt the proposed works wero necessary ; but, nt the same time, lie was far from wishing to carry things with a fast hand. If tho Ministry and the Houso would see that it was desirable gradually to decrenso public works, to borrow year by year a slightly lowcramount, he believed they would bo doing a worse thing. They saw what distress would be created if the expenditure of public money were to oenso. Let both sides, therefore, make up their minds to n certain scheme by which tho expenditure of public money should be lessened, so that in some time of prosperity they should be able to stop those expensivo public works altogether without feeling it. At present, howovcr, such a thing could not be done, and if tbo opponents of the Government succeeded in bringing it about, thoy would bo tho worst friends of the country. Mr. McLkak : From the speeches mado on this question by the .Ministry and their followers, it was very evident that tbo Govcrnmcut ntul those who support them consider that thoy have a great mission to perform, which is to extend three main lines into tlio interior. That is the mission of the Government, and that is why the squatters arc determined to support them. In nil tho speeches that have been made from the other sido we have had vividly recalled to our mind the banquet scene in Macbeth. In tlmt .sceno there is always a ghost appearing, and here wo have always had thegnost of the lute Government appear ing. The late Government it is said, havo involved the country in this aud that great expenditure; the' havo "bunelied six lines of railway together, and forced them upon tlio House. Well, if the late Govern ment did force them upon tho Houso, thoy also enmo down with plans, specifications, nud books of reference, und they laid thorn upon tho tablo before they ever asked the House to vote a single fraction for tho pur)K>so of constructing the railways. Do wo find this to be tho case now ? On tho contrary, thero is not a single survey effected of the proposed lines ; not 0110 Minister lias tola us that one survey lias been inndo for any portion of the proposed trunk or branch lines. We kuow perfectly woll that in a large majority of cases thero have been actually 110 surveys made, and tlmt the Government havo no more idea of tho character of tho country over which tlio lines will have to puss tlinn they havo of the nature of tlio country in the 1110011. There is a grant difference between the re spective policies of the lute Government and the present. I lmre already pointed out one. When the late Government came to tho House with plans ami boohs of reference, they were in a position to give at least some faint idea of how much the work was to eost ; hut the present Government come down, and toll us they are prepared to carry cut 39'J miles of railway at £3,000 per mile, without the slightest evidence to show that the work can he done for that amount, or any information whatever on the subject. '.There is no ground whatever for such assumption. The Government simply express their belief that it can be done ; but I would ask, is the House justi- ilod in involving the eouutry iuthis amount of additional taxation on the simple state ment that Ministers believe that certain railways cau he made for a certain sum of money ? I am not one of those who place implicit faith in the present Government or any Government ; and I say we tire not .justified in involving the colony in addi tional taxation simply upon such it state ment. If the Government had come down with plans nnd hooks of reference, and cal culations of their engineers, and then said they believed tho lines could be carried out for a certain sum, there might bo some ground for believing them; but thev have not produced any thing of the kind, or anythiug further than their belief that it can be done; — we have, however, the further statement that unless the work can be done as the Gov ernment think it cau be, they would not bo justified in going on with the work. Another point made by the other side of the House with regard to the borrowing of this money is, thnt it is better to go to the London money-market and say, " \Ve want three millions of money, but we do not want it all at once," than to ask for it in driblets; but do the Government really think that the capitalists of England are not just as well aware as we are here that wc have other works to carry out us well as those wc have in hand at the present time? I cannot see thesliglitestdilrerence between the manner in which tho lute Government went into the znoucy-umrket and asked for loans to carry on public works, and the manner iu which the present Government intend doing the same thing. The capitalists of Englaud arc well aware that further loans will be required by this colony. There is ono remark made by the Colonial Secretary with refer ence to the vote for immigration to which I wish to refer. I do not call attention to this for the purpose of bringiug up the railway workshops again, but to show that while accusations were hurled against the late Government of being a squeezable Government, no sooner did tho present Government meet the IIousc than they were squeezed into n line of action that they had no intention whatever of carrying out until they were compelled to do so by this side of the House. When the Government were charged with driving people outof the colony, tho Colonial Secretary said— "I deny tho fact that our act hi dbmisstng some of the artisans from the Ipswich railway shops hnd a tendency to diivo people outof the colony, l'or although we deemed it our duty to lessen the number of people whowerouml even now ure only half employed in those workshops, we found thnt by giving certain contracts in the colony wo wero furnishing employment to mechanics of the sarno description." Hut how came it that this work was given to tho colouy? It was distinctly given to tho mother-country by the present Government until challenged by tho Oppo sition, and then to appease to a certain extent the excitement caused by the dis missals from the Ipswich workshops, they turned about, and, instead of semliug the work home to be curried out, it was huuded to u Brisbane tirni. That was ono of tho iirst public acts of the present Govcmmont, and it was squeezed out of thcin by the present Opposition. With reference to tho cost of these lines, I have every confidence in the Premier as an engineer, nud if that gentleman knew tlic country nnd had tho plans before him and thou told us from what he knew of the country, and from the calculations ho had made, he believed these Jines would be carried out for £3,000 a mile, I do not think any member of the House would have doubted it; but I and other lion, members have no right —nor do I suppose tho lion, gcntlc- muu would ask us — to accept it as mere guess- work, and we arc not prepared blindly to vote tho sum on the moro assumption that tho Government bolicro it cau be done." Again, I ask lion, mem bers is it right for us to force this ad ditional 390 miles of railway upon tho jicople of tho far West against their will? We were told distinctly uy tho lion, mem ber for Norm an by (Mr. Stevenson) and by the Premier, that if the .settlers out west lutd their way they would rather these railways were not built, and I say, we have no right to make these jwoplo hare rail ways whether they want them or not. The lion, member for Biuckall (Mr. Archer) has told us that he has every confidence thnt the Central line will pay, and I do not doubt that it will, but I think it will be a very long time before it does pay. It must be iu the knowledge of hon. members that some of tlieso western ex tensions have to travel over 100 miles of eouutry — at least the Central line has— from which no tnitlic whatever will he de rived, so that the only additional revenue from that line will be from the 30 miles be yond the 100. I have often heard it saidthut the longer wo make our lines the better tlicy will pay; but 1 cannot understand that unless you lake into consideration one important fact, and that is that you must have population to create traffic before I lu»y wilt pay. That is why I believe the branch lines the Government propuse to carry out will nay belter than the trunk line; because whore the branch lines will be made there ure people settled, and there is trafiie ready to go upon the lines as soon as they are constructed. Hut wc have no population out in the far "West, although some lion, members are of opinion that when those raitwnys are mndo onfc there a groat deal of settlement will take place. Hut wc have extensive settlement iu the districts where the branch liues are proposed, and therefore I think those lines will pay n Fur larger percentage than the main lines. The Minister for Works told us hist Wednesday, with reference to this 390 miles of railway, that lie was prepared to prove wo should not require additional taxation for the extension of the lines west ward. though he could not say as much for tho branch lines. The hon. gentleman said that the poor man would not be put to a penny additional taxation. I can prove to the House that the policy of tho Govern ment has already increased the taxation uf the poor man, and that tho present action of tho Government is imposing additional burdens upon the settlers. Wo luivc a re turn upon the table showingncnrly £14,000 of lapsed votes in connection with our .roads and bridges; and will tho hon. gontlemau tell mo that if our roads are not in a good state of repair it is not an ad ditional taxation, nnd that in its most insidious form? When speaking of tho Divisional Hoards Hill some tirno ago, I stated that the object of thnt Hill was to enable the Government to nurse the general resources of tho colony, to pay tho in terest required for the carrying out of these maiu trunk lines to tho West. What I paid then, J repeat no\\\\\ As to this £100,000 on tho Loan Estimates in commotion with tho Divisional Hoards Hill, I will refer to what the Colonial Secretary said iu objecting to a remark made by my hon. frioud (Mr. Dickson). The hon. member said that my hon. friend ought not to say that the £100,000 was intended as a bribe, considering that the Premier announced on tho second reading of the Divisional Hoards Hill that it was impossible tho shire councils could come into existence unless hob) was given thorn during the first year. " I was struck with tho remark at the time, and have mndo it 1113 business to read carefully through the Treasurer's speech in delivering his Pinna- ctial Statement, and there is not a single word about his considering the Divisional BonrJs Hill by a gift from tlic Government. It was evidently on afterthought. When tlic petitions wero coming into tho House against the passing ot tho Hill, then the Treasurer, on second thoughts; concluded it would be well to start tlieso divisional boards into existence by giving them £100,000. The statement was never made in tho financial Statement, but came in as an afterthought to gild tho pill of tho Divisional Boards Hill. The Colonial Treasurer saw clearly that unless there was something swcot put round this taxation, as mothers put jelly arouud nauseous medicines they give to their chil dren, tlic settled districts would not swallow it. X have always been a strong advocate of branch liues, but thcro is ono branch lino I do not observe in this list, nnd 1 know that at least 011c member of tho pre sent Government was plcdgcdtoit. I refer to tho Colonial Secretary, who distinctly stated, and promised to the people of the Logan, whou it was necessary to hold out another bribe, not only that thoy should liavo a railway, but a bridge over tho Logan, at Logttnholmc. Tho sumo Government gave a distinct pledge through their Attor ney-General that tlicy would givo an ad ditional member to Fortitude Valley; but it appears that promises arc made by this Government to bo broken unless thcro is the great consideration bunging at tho end of it — 41 If you return our man, you will get such and such ; if not, you willbopunislicclforit." Tho Minister for Works said a good deal, while criticising my hon. friend, Mr. Douglas, about log- rolling; but if these harbours nnd rivers tiro not specimens of log-rolling I do not know what is, and the Minister for Works must confess it. I find hero the item of £10,000 for the Logan Hirer. I am sorry tho Colonial Trensurer is not in his place, because I would like to know what ho is going to do with it. I am told ho lias arranged to put it upon tiie Loan Estimates to oblige tlic hon. member for Bulimbu, and, if that is so, a charge of log-rolling cau most distinctly be made out. Then there is £H),0iXJ for the Endeavour Liver. Tho lion, member for Cook is here, and ho can contradict mo if I am wrong, but 1 was told by a resident of Cooktoivn that there is no necessity whatever for this £10,000 being spent, becuuso tho largest steamers that trade to tho North cau conic in to tho wharf at Cooktoivn ami discharge mid take in cargo without tho slightest impedi ment. I lmve always been an mlvocato for something being dono for the goldlields,hut I cuuuot for tlic life of 1110 see why thogold- Uchls should have been specialty picked out by the Government for a favour in the form of having £20,003 put down for them on these Loan Estimates. Is it the inten- tion of the Government not to bring the goldiiclds within the operation of the Divisional Hoards Bill? It looks like if, because if that Hill is to be brought into operation on the gotdtields as well as else where, why are not they to have their share of tho £100,000 which is put down? It seems as if there is to be an extra slmrc for tho goldiiclds, nnd, however much the hon. Minister for Works may have been charged It) hon. members on this side with not looking after the interests of tho miners, after this wo j 11113 exonerate him from any such charge. It is true this £20,0'.X) is to ho spent on main roads to the goldiiclds, but 1 do not sec wh) the goldticlds should bo benefited at tho cx- I tense of the whole colon), if they are not to to brought under the operation of the Divi sional Hoards Hill. I was rather amused at the manner of the Premier nnd the Min ister for Works when meeting the question of how the interest was to bo paid on this loan. It is wel known that the lute Government provided a scheme b) which the interest on all loans was to bo met, but the Premier, in telling tho House how this interest was to be paid, scorned tho idea of adopting the plan proposed b) the late Government, and said to us, "You had a limited area from which to receive interest 011 your loan, but" — and here tho hon. gentleman gave a triumphant wave of his hand — " I hare tho whole colon)." Like Itobinson Crusoe, tho hon. gentleman was monarch of all ho surveyed, and said, with a great flourish, "I have tho whole colony." I, us a representative of a settled district, distinctly object to such a system being pursued by any Government. The scttled distriets have been already taxed for tho construction of their railways, and yet thoy are to be taxed to pay for a railway to tho very district which lias paid least to the revenue, for reasons best known to tho hon. gentleman himself who brought down this Loan Estimate. I lmve 110 lutention of keeping tho Houso much longer, us I think it is time we enmo to a division. I hope we shall come to a division. I hope that tho lender of the Opposition will call for a division in order to show the country thnt however great were tho protestations of the other side of the Houso during the elections that there were not two parties in tho country, it will bo conclusively demon strated by this division that there are still two parties, and that we arc determined to keep tlmt lino as well defined as wc pos sibly can. The Government eomo and ask for £1,100,000 for three trunk lines solely for the benefit of ouc class of the com munity, but when the claims of tho class which has to 11 great extent made the colony what it is, a class which has been struggling on for years — when its claims ure brought forward, a third of that amount only is to be given to them for branch lines. I think, if a division is taken, it will prove to tho country that there are nt least two parties on thut ques tion. I was rather amused at hearing the hou. member for Gregory clinrgo this side with obstruction. \VI10 have been the obstructors during tho present session? Certainly not hon. members on this side, for wc lmve assistod the Government to pass their measures ; or rather, if we had not assisted them, 110 moasurc they could have pnssed would ever iiavo been of any use to tho country. Instead, therefore, of deserving to bo charged with obstruction, wc have dono all wo could to assist the Government in passing their measures, which, I am sorry, are so few in number. I liavo no hesitation in making up my mind' 011 tins question— it has been mndo up long ago; but thcro is one thing I will do, which is this— that I will do all I can to assist in getting branch lines. I can sco clearly from tho speeches of lion, members opposito thnt tlicy are quite willing for us to assist them in gotting t heir trunk lines, and also nro quite willing to assist us ill not voting for tho branch lines. I think it is quite time thnt the people in tho settled districts should have railway facilities given to them, and I shall not assist to strike out ono item in tho Loan Estimates for branch lines. I um sorry the Government have not thought proper to include in their list a branch lino from tho Southern and Western' Hallway to deep- water, but thoy can do that gracefully yet, niul I am confident tlicy will receive tho ussistanccof tho House iu so doing. Mr. Walsic said lie hnd been rather pleased nt tho desiro expressed to go to a division thnt night. Ho hud heard nothing during tho present session but strictures 011 the policy of the Government, and over and over again it had been stated by hon. members opposite thnt the Government had no policy — 111 fact, every petty advan tage huu been taken to embarruss tho Government in proceeding with their busi ness, nnd, therefore, he considered it wus a matter for general congratulation that they hoped to finish tlic discussion of the policy of the Government that evening, and thus ullow thein to go 011 with the business of the country. As to the policy of the Gov ernment, he was only able to see a slight dif Terence in it from what it always was, and that wus in tho right direction, inas much as thoy hud placed more money 011 the Estimates for branch railways than thoy advocated when iu Opposition. That ought certainly to suit the Opposition, who used to be cuntimuilly denouncing trunk liues uud advocating branch liues. There was ono thing in favour of trunk lines— namely, that they wero made through Crown lands, whereas branch lines wero all made through the properly of pri vate persons, who frequently agitated for jlicm, not Tor the purjrose of benefit ing the country, but with tho object of getting a good price for their lands. They desired to extort money from tho Government of the day. In some parti culars ho did not altogether approve of the Loan Estimates ; but he should, whether ho supported or objected to anything, give his free opinion. There wero some now departures which were not wise. The lion, member for the Logan hud discovered for the first time some recognition of tho im portance of the goldiiclds, and tlie hou. member evidently did not think tlmt it departure in the right direction, but rnthur that people should he taxed to erndicato Hutliurst burr. Another hou. member (Afr. Kates) would like to support the Burr Bill if it could he worked without taxing (ho people. How could ho expect to get rid of burr if the people who guttered from it did not tax themselves? Air. K.m:s explained thnt it was tho public reserves which wereinfestcd through the neglect of tho Government. The station. owners lmve cleared their stations. Air. Walsh said tlmt did not nltor tho case, as tho reserves wero for tho benefit of tho people there. He would havo liked to hear some scheme from tho lender of tho Government by which any deficiency in tho interest on borrowed money should be raised from the districts specially benefited by tho loan expenditure. Tlicv would have ultimately to eomo to thnt. Tho loader oE the Opposition had objected that there was 110 proposed incroaso of population, but if that hou. member" prevented tho carrying out of n progressive works policy ho would have a direct means of decreas ing the population. Ho viewed tho Charters Towers line as ono of the best the colony would have, and from his knowledge oE the country and tho district he could could say it would bo as remunerative as the Central line. If thcro wus an objec tionable trunk line it was tho extension from Homn, which bo had hoped to see a large inland town, but when the railway was taken north-westerly, as the people of Brisbane hoped it would be, it would get no more trnllic than if the terminus were at Homn, and the hon. member for Ipswjch (Mr. Alncfarlane) could havoknown nothing of the surroundings when ho advocated that extension. Of the three lines it was the weakest. If it was extended north westerly it would scarcely compete with the Central line 5 if extended to Thorgo- mimlnh, with a view to catching tho New South Wales trnllic, they must remember thnt the HiverDnrling wus flooded at least twice a year and somotimes all the year round, nnd with freight at £3 a ton to Adelnido from such places as Bourke, Brcwarrina, and Walgeit, it would most likely turn out that all stations on the border would send their produeo that way. Ho doubted tho expediency of extending tho Homa line, and honed it would not re ceive tho sanction of the Houso. The ob jection that Government lmd not shown how they were going to raise tlic interest on borrowed capital had been sufficiently dcnlt with by tho Premier nnd tho Minis ter for Works, whoso speeches ho had read, but it was . clear to him that, if the railways hitherto constructed at nn average cost ot £9,000 a milo could pay 2 or 3 per cent, on this outlay, those now to be con structed nt about £3,000 a milo would pay much more. Anothor thing in fuvour of the truuk lines was that tho whole of tho inlnnd country was level, and that they could not mako a good road so cheaply as they could make a good railway. I11 refer ence to taxation, it nppenrcd to him absurd that the squatter should not pay more rent for his run when he hud derived benefit from iucreascd railway accommodation. Would not tho Parliament of tho day, whoever thoy wero— nnd it was nearly certain tho party in power would bo tho Liberal Ministry — have tho power to in crease tho land rents ? Could thoy not pass an Act raising tho rents ?. Air. Gauuick : No ; tlicy have their twenty-one years' leases. Air. Walsh took it the Houso could ; it appeared absurd if tho House could, not. With rcfcrenco to the roads on tho gold- fields and tho Divisional Hoards Bill, tho hon. member for tho Logan forgot that tlic district of Cook had only boon discovered five years, and that it stood iu a very different position to tho older parts of the colony where thoy hnd had macadamised roads for tho lastlwcuty-iivc years. There was not a siuglo culvert 011 the road from Cooktown to «Muytowu tlmt had cost 2()s. of public money, and as tlic district had produced so much wus it fair to ignore it? They wanted no money in that district for which they were not prepared to pay interest, and tliey had several resources from which to pay in terest on any expenditure there. A refer ence had been made to the item for the improvement of the Endeavour Harbour; and iu speaking of it the lender of tlic Op position might have added that in iidditiou to the ships ho hnd seen alongside there were many large steamers which could not come iu, but which had to be lightened outside. When those improvements wero made they would be able to go alongside. Tito lion, gentleman's opinion oE tho En deavour Harbour lind evidently been ob tained from a gentleman who was mnd on railways, and who could not see that there should be any expenditure for other pur poses. Ho did object, however, to t he way m which the money was to bo borrowed fur harbours and rivers. There ought to ho harbour and river trusts, who should bo enabled to borrow money. Government guaranteeing the interest, Thoy were pre pared for the two items referring to his district in tlio Loan Estimates to pay the intorost themselves, and, to show the truth of what he said, ho was wil-' ling to put a substantial deposit in tho hands of the Treasurer if lie would lease the wharves to him for a term of years. It was not fair that they should bo deepening the Fitzroy or Brisbane rivers, with funds dorived from tho Cook- town wharves. And he might say that Government had made a profit of £3,000 out of the jetties at Cook town. Tho line to Sandgato might very advantageously be excluded. It was a wretched place, fit for nothiug, uud it would be better to con struct a railway to carry coal to deep-water instead, as advocated by the hon. member for Ipswich (Mr. Thompson). It was not too lato to mako such an alteration. Ho hoped those Loan Estimates would bo more productive than tho past had( been. Ho had come 1,100 miles to give his vote with tho Government. As u business man he always judged by results. They had bad a Liberal Ministry in power for five years, and every time they had been in power they had brought tho colony to a stato bordering on bankruptcy, while the other Ministry always left tho Treasury in a sound and solvcut positiou with tlio pnlnnv m»nmnllv -nwvnwrnilH. IFo had been always opposed to tho so-called Liberal party, ana as ho had boon seventeen years in tho colony, and had hud opportunities of . judging them, it was likely ho always would be. Mr. Macfabla.nk (Ipswich), in explana tion, said the hon. member had misjudged htm in saying that ho ndvocnted a lino west of llorna. what he did suy was that in times past ho had expressed approval of such an extension; but that the present was not the time for making it, Mr. Garbick: I intend to give, shortly, my reason for voting for tlic amendment moved by tho hon. member for North Bris bane. Tho first is that I do not think the Government are aineero in their railway proposals, and several circumstances have led me to this conclusion. In the Financial Statement, the Colonial Treasurer made no allusion whatever to any branch lines ex cept "thoso on tho Darling Downs. The proportion between branch lines and trunk Tines has always been considered a matter of vital importance by residents in tho settled districts, and there lias consequently been a good deal of dissatisfaction oxprcsscd by the public, when they any . a sum of £1,500,000 proposed for main trunk lines, and only £300,000 for branch lines, or in a proportion of ono-fiftb. It was a difference in principlo when the hon. gcntloman cut down tho amount for trunk lines from £1,600,000 to a little over £1,100,000, and increased tho amount for branch lines to £100,000, bringing tho latter up to less than a third of the sum proposed for tho former. Iboliovo tho hon. gent lomnn did thut partly to sccuro cohesion in his own party, and partly to reinstate liis Government in tlio popular estimation of a largo portion of tho colony. It may also have boon mado in view of tho pro bable coutingoncy of an appeal to tlio country, knowing that if ho had appealed to the country on his Fnancinl btntemont alone, he would nover have occupied tho Treasury benches again. Hints, coming from a quarter about which there could bo no mistake, were long ago given that thero would bo nn alteration in tho Financial Statement. A very consistent supporter of the Government, some time before tlio Loan Estimates cama down, said lie did not approve of the Financial Statement, par ticularly of that portion of it which had reference to brunch railways. That hon. member was not spoakiug for himself alone, for tlioro arc generally one or two who follow in his wake. Wo concluded, thoreforo, that that hon. mcmbor's statement was inspired, and that tlioro was likely to be a change of front on the part of tliu Government in. respect to branch railways. Such a change 1ms actuully taken place, and it has consisted, us wo suspected, in nn increase of tho sums for branch rnilways and a decrease of those for tho trunk lines. Tlicro is evidence in tlio Estimates themselves that the Govern ment are not convinced of tho necessity of a very largo part of their railway policy. "When tho Colonial Treasurer introduced them he seemed to givo stronger reasons against them than for them, and plainly intimated that he should not bo astonished, nor should he regret, if a largo part of the estimate was not agreed to. With refer ence to tho Sandgato railway, the lion, gen tleman said that if it could not be carried out for £1,000 a mile it ought not to he carried out at all, nddiug in almost the same breath that his cugiueer told him it could not be carried out for less than £0,000 a mile. The Premier: What I said was that tho cugitieor said a tirst- elass line would cost £0,000 a mile. Mr. Gamuck : On that statement, I ask whether it is possible the line can be made for £1,000 a mile ? The Colonial Treasurer, in replying to the speeches made during the debate ou the Fitmncinl Statement, said the persons through whose hind the lines ran should give their laud to the Government for that purpose. In the estimate of £4,000 a mile for the Saiul- gatn railway, no allowance is made cither lor rolling-stock or for laud resumption. | Under sueli circumstance.', I ask whether the Government arc sincere in their iutcn- liontomakc that line? Ou such aliue it is impossible that ownors of laud can give their land for railway purposes. Owners of large areas may be willing to give a portion for such purposes, but on a line like tho one proposed to Sandgato it would in many instances take nearly the whole of a man's property, and in all justice that could not be taken without giving him com pensation for it. It is evident, therefore, that the Government have no intention of carrying out that line, and this is confirmed by the Premier's statement that the line should not bo made unless it could bo con structed for £1,00 a-inilc, uud ndding in tlio same breath that it could not bo con structed for that amount. That railway should not bo purely a Saiulgate railway. It might be made to tap the rich and 1 hiokfy settled agricultural districts, second to uone in tho colony. It might he made to collect the trade from the Bald llills, the North and South Pino and Cnboolture. Instead of this, it is put forward as a mere pleasure lino, while thero is no provision made on the Estimates for a branch line through the districts I have mentioned. Besides the Sandgato line, thero are other proofs of insincerity on the part of tho Government with lvferfineii to their rnthviiv iiolicv. as pointed out by the hon. member for Darling Downs (Mr. JCutcs). "What do they mean by making tho lino from "Warwick to Hillarney — twenty miles, when the traflie cannot be obtained iu that distance? The mileage put down has no reference what ever to any traffic which could be collected. Thero is both intrinsic and extrinsic evidenco that the Government uro not sincere in thoir railway policy. Another reason — £ will repeat it once more —is, that thoro is no suflicicnt pro vision made for meeting the indebted ness which tho Government propose. Tho Colonial Secretary said he was tired of hoariug of this thing, but the reason why the question has been so repeatedly put is that it has never been satisfactorily answered. Tho Colonial Treasurer coin- plaiued that lie wus asked to inuku this pro vision whilo such a thing wus never exacted from his predecessor. On this the lion, member for Enoggcrn (Mr. Dickson) alluded to the debit balance of £180,1)00, and I said, " Hear, hear." The Colonial Secretary tried to intimate that he ap plauded tho fact of there bciug a debit balance, but the lion, member knows very well that tho fact was simply mentioned to show the liimuciul position of the present and previous Colouial Treasurers with re ference to their providing interest for loans. It may he truo tlmt iu 1874 taxation was heavier than it is at present, and that since then our loan expenditure has been more than doubled; but increased expenditure does not ltecossarily mean in creased taxation. From 1874 to tho pre sent time thero was not ouly always a credit balance, but a remission of taxatiou. There wus, therefore, no necessity to make any special provision for tho payment of interest when tho ordinary revenuo suf ficed for it. There is now a debit balanco of £180,000, and I ask whethertliat does not make it binding on the Colonial Treasurer to show us that lie has mado a provision to meet tho iutorcst ou the proposed loan ? Tho Colonial Treasurer slated that he ex pected to irnve a crodit balanco of £51,000 for next year; but hon. members would remember that tho Colonial Secretary, when tho Estimates wcro passing, said, in refcreneo to several items — "I regret tho sum is so largo, and also that the provision wilt not bo suilieient, so that we shall haro to como down to tho House for uu increased provision." Considering that, and tlio iiupvobubiiily of the Colouial Treasurer getting the revenue ho anticipated for this year, the House would bo justified in not allowing tlio Go vernment to effect a Joan for threo millions without making provision to meet the in terest. Tlio Colonial Treasurer said lie expeeteda lurgo increase in there venue from land, and thut lie had nll sources to look forward to. He had intimated that the debit balanco of £180,000 arose from the Tact of proceeds of land sales being diverted from Consolidated Bcvciiue to Bail way Deserves Fund ; but if be took credit for every shilling received on account of land sales last year, including nil that had gone in railway reserves, tho debit balance would staud at £117,000. The lion, gentleman said that he would get £10,000 more lhnn hist year from all sources of revenue; but where was the foundation for such an estimate? ( Tlio hon. member for Gregory had himself stated, with reference to pastoral rents, thut there would be mi abandonment of runs, uud that the amount received lip to the 30th September next would not be so large us the amount received for the corres ponding period lust year. So that iu the estimation of one of bis owu supporters the Colonial Treasurer would not get so large an amount from Hint source as was received last year. Then the lion, gentleman said lie would get £50,000 more From the Custom House. He said that he anticipated a revival of trade, but he did not attempt to say iimn what basis his anticipations rested, it was more likely, however, that tho Customs receipts, like those from land, would not come up to the receipts of last j year. Ho also estimated an increase of £10,000 from tho Southern and Western Bui I way ; but wus there any basis for that estimate? Not only was tho expenditure likely to be increased, but the revenue was likely to decrease, and instead of a credit balance of £50,000 there was more likely to be a debit balance, as thero was ou the 30th »lune last. Those circumstances dis tinguished the position of the present Colo nial Treasurer from that oE other Treus- surer.? for the past four or live years, and placed upon lnni the necessity of showing, without doubt, how» he would be able to get the interest for Ins intended loan. The members of the Government said thut it wus not iutcmlcd to raise all the money at once but it was suflicicnt that the Government were asking for the power to do so; and if the power were given they would bo in vested with a comparative discretionary power as Jo bow tliey should rnisc it. Jf they considered the market favourable at any time they might float the loan, and then como down to the House asking nn indemnity and saying they were of opinion they were furthering the best interests of the colony. It hud been said that the better plan was to ask for a loan of throe millions, and float part ut a time. Would it not be better to go to tho public creditor and say — for lie (Mr. Giirrick) believed it \rii9 ln»sfc tn kHiIa ntwrlltitwr " Wn 15,, /I that our expenditure exceeded our revenuo last year by about £180,000; we have certain works already sanctioned which need to be carried out, and a certain amount in hand which will last us to the end of the fltiunfiul year. Until we see signs of better times we will be satisfied with asking for such an amount as, with what we have in hand, will enable us to carry on works already authorised, and will last till the end of the financial year 18SI. If better times come we will como again to the public creditor." Such a statement would be much more appreci ated than a mere speculation founded on tlio migration of sheep westward— it would be founded not ou a mere speculation, but upon realised fact. The Colonial Treasurer eliminated all his non-productive works, and lie said all he should want wns £50,000. lie based that statement on the supposi tion that the railways at tho present time were paying 3 per cent. Figures can ho made to do a great deal, but his (Mr. Gnrrick's) idea was that the rail ways were paying nothing of the kind. Certain book balances iu the. Treasury made those railways appear to pay 3b per cent., but there were other olflcial documents showing that tlioy did not. The Auditor-General's .statement said that £3,000,000 had been expended out of loan on the Southern and Western Bail way. The interest ou that amount, seeing that some of the money wns borrowed nt more than 5 per cent., might bo put down as £150,000. From the tables prepared in connection with the financial statement, it would be found that the returns from that line for the first ten months of the year were £50,(111-1. Adding one-fifth for the re maining two months, though the returns were not likely to be quite so largo propor tionately. the amount tor the year would bo about £00,000. Tlio returns, therefore, would be uot 3A per cent., but only 2 per cent. — lonving £1)0,000 fnlling ujwn the general taxpayer of the country. Willi regard to the Central line, the cost of con struction was £1,100,000, the interest of which would be £55,000 ; and the returns for the ten months were £18,101, making with one-fifth added for the remaining two months something less than £22,000. So thut that lino would also only pay 2 per cent., and £33,000 would bo loft for the general taxpayers. It might bo said that in those figures something was included for maintenance; but if iu the keeping of the accounts the amounts had been im properly charged to loan which should have been properly charged to income, the figures given by tho Minister for Works and the Colonial Treasurer were entirely inaccurate, and no reliance could be placed upon tliein. Had the Colonial Treasurer shown any way by which tho interest on tho projrosod loan was to bo met ? From the principal sources to which lie looked — the increase of land revenue and Customs —the interest could not be derived. The iM inistcr for Works, in his speech, mude a most astonishing calculation, and appeared to be in the position of a gentleman who proved too much. He proved that the extensions, taking them us extensions, would pay ISA per cent. Ho proves that the Southern and "Western extension, us an extension will pay 13i per cent., and that the Central line will pay 7' per cent. The Minister fob Works; The hon. gentleman is misquoting me, as he usually does. 1 stated that- if our railways luul been constructed for £3,000 per nule they would pay— the Southern and Western 13\. J- per cent., and the Central line 7V per cent. Mr. Gaukick: Accepting these figures, which I do not dispute, I would merely observe that 1 was not disputing the cost of 1 he construction of tho lines/but I was saying that the contention of the Minister for Works is that if he can make these rail ways for £3,000 per mile as now proposed they wil! pay at the rate he mentioned. The lion, member lias proved altogether too much. What has become, I still a-lr. of the ancient minor? Ho has developed into a pure merino; no one sitting upon that side of the House has endeavoured to prove so inueli iu favour of the squatters as the Minister for Works. The member for Gregory was struck with amazement at the disinterestedness and single-minded - ness of the hon. gentleman. He was delighted to find that an outsider had been converted; that one who had opposed them in the old time htul spoken almost as one of the prophets; that they Imd got anew disciple, and tin hoped shortly thero would be others. After all, it docs uot astonish ns that tho Ministor for Works should do this. Wilt anyone look down nt the list of members on his side of the House, and see how the cohesion of thepartv is maintained. The Treasurer niters his scueuio of branch railways to work round some of his own followers, and now tho Minister for Works advocates tlio interests of tho pastoral lessees to do his part towards keeping together the twenty lessees, or agents, who sit behind tlio Ministry. I wonder at tlio innocence of the member for the Gregory, and, I repeat, tho speech of tho Minister for Works the other night, in advocacy of the interests of tho squatters, is really worth preserving. What becomes of all the fervid speeches wc used to hear on this side of the House, and outside, from the hon. gentleman, about the squatters? Were these all antiquated prejudices ? What are we to credit— tho Minister for Works, when lie spoke some time ago, or now? When lie went over and took his place on the Treasury benches I began to hope tlmt ho would leaven the lump ; but, in stead of that, he has been absorbed and sucked up into it— so tlmt, instead of standing out as the bold champion ho used to lie— and ns I thought he would do — lie has come down and called all tho best speeches of bis former days antiquated prejudices. I tako tho hon. member's confession that he once held similar opinions. Then he goes on to suy— " When wo sec tho prospect before us in con structing thoso western lines it h annoying to find men of even ordinary intelligence using arguments against their construct ion." Was not tho lion, member, when ho con fesses to having held contrary opinions, a man of ordinary intelligence? — wns he a man of antiquated prejudices ? But what ever maybe raid about antiquated preju dices, mid not being a man of ordinary intelligence, I consider the lion, member to liavo been iu times past rather the member of intelligence, and prefer rather to con sider him as now holding antiquated preju dices. I will refer to ono other passage to show how tho lion, member lias really sur passed his leader in endeavouring to servo those among whom ho sits. In another part of his speech lie says lie docs uot seo how the lion, member for Maryborough could apply a laud-tux to tho pastoral lessees, through or near whoso runs theso lines would go, because it would be impos sible to impose a land-tax upon laud which is not owned in fee-simple. Let us next see what the Colonial Treasurer says. On tlm lfith Junctlic Colonial Treasurer said that if the Government goes totheoxpenseof spend ing money for the purpose of improving pro perty, that property is a fair subject for taxation whether it be freehold or lease hold. We have the Minister for Works, iu his enthusiasm to support the side lie is now sitting with, actually surpassing the lengths to which his leader Is going. Ho says leaseholds cannot bo (axed; whilst tho Premier snys all hind should be taxed, whether it.wus freehold or leasehold. I will tell tho Minister for Works, however, that this land is not leasehold. The occu piers of tho whole of this land have a pre emptive right, as the hon. member well knows, to the extent of one-sixth, ami these lessees arc not leaseholders, but should ho looked upon ns freeholder to that extent, uud so car as this loan goes, the Government, before asking us to grant it, ought to have proposed to raise from them such a sum as would put out of all question any deficiency in the interest. Air. Kki.lktt did not wish to give a silent vote on the motion. Although it lind been said by one hon. member that this was only a sham battle, lie was perfectly satisfied tlmt tho leader of tho Opposition meant it for u real one. The hon. member calculated very fairly nt Hie time that there were certain hon. numbers absent from the Government side, and thought he luul the game simply in his own hands, and for that reason there was a full mtention on his part to push the matter to au issue, lion, members opposite might say " No," but that was his opinion on the subject. Another reason that he had for speaking was that the leader of the Opposition suid that if lion, members ou Hie Govern ment side were free to express their opinions they would condemn the iwlicy. lio (Mr. Ivcllctt) was free, and cer tainly did not condemn the poliey of tho Government. He believed iu the pro gressive policy proposed by the Govern mcnt, and ho luul heard no good argument, even from (ho leader of the Op|>ositio», against it. The lion, member began by saying that he acknowledged money was required for certain works already assented to by the House ; he went on to say that ho believed in the trunk lines especially, mentioning them as lines that should be carried on. As to the branch lines, the hon. member did not say that ho did not believe in them ; he could not say that as he himself lmd advocated them before, but ho soul they were brought forward simply as gilding. "Whether they were so or not , he (Air. Kollctt) considered titem a neces sity, and that they would be of as much benefit to tho present population as the trunk rilwuys. The trimk rail ways would be a greater benefit to the population that t hey hoped would come horoaftcr, but at the present time the branch lines would he of greater benefit to the people of the colony. It had beeu said l»y several lion, members that they were sending the main lines into a wild country, where they would bo unprofitable for a long time. Tho incorrectness of this argu ment had been fairly shown by tho railway to the Darling Downs. When that line was first advocated it was stilted that the Downs would not- grow anything, not. even a cabbage, and the statement was believed to be correct. There was little produce grown uK>n it at that time— in fact, most of the produce that was used was grown in West Morcton in tlioso days, the reason being because a larger population bad settled down thero; but as soon as the rail way was made to the Downs, and facilities were given to farmers to bring their pro duce to market, the country was opened up, — fine agricultural land was opened up, and the Downs was now proved to be fit to grow anything. Hon. members might r.»«fc satisfied that the branch railways which had been put forward in theso Loan Estimates would prove themselves repro ductive, and would prove of great benefit to the country, because they would be feeders to the main lines already in existence and tlioso now projiosed. The Central line had beeu spoken of by hon. members opposito as being very likely to pay, and ho quite agreed with them ; but he had been very much astonished to observe that during the timo tiic Inst Ministry were iu oflicc tbev pushed forward that railway so much faster than the Southern and Western lino to tho great disadvantage of Brisbane and all the southern part of tho colony. They had pushed on that line so far that he was satisfied the Southern and Western line could never compete with it, and that in the course of n few years ltocklmuipton would be the largest town of the colony, and that beforo long the question would be mooted whether tliac Douse should not sit there instead of in Brisbane. And who were the men who lmd brought matters to this issue? The great Liberal Ministry —the Queen-street Ministry, as they were well called. Ko men lmd so much damaged Brisbanoimd the southern partof the colony as that Ministry ; and he was perfectly satis fied that in after generations the names of the lender of the Opposition (Mr. Griffith) of the lion, member lor Maryborough (Mr. Douglas), and Messrs, Thorn and Miles, would bo handed down to posterity as the men who had ruined the town of Brisbane. That would bo proved before many years woro over. Tho Central Itnilwny, going out and topping all tho best land of the colony, would fake away nearly nil the traffic from tho Southern and Western lino. It had been mooted that the Southern and Western line had gone far enough by being extended to liomn, and that tho only chance it had of going further M as iu n southerly direction instead of towards the other line. That wus the original projiosition— that this lino should go towards Tambo ; but tho Central lino was so far started out thorc, and the quantity of land carriage to tho Southern and Western line would be so peat, that people outside u'ould not avail themselves of it. The leader of the Opposition expressed a hope tluit at somo future day lie would see a north and south lino to connect these lines; but he (Mr. Kcllett) hoped it u'ould he a long day he- fore thoy saw anything of tho sort, because lm wns sun it. wnnlil nnlv In iimiln lun nf by a fow passengers who dreaded tlic sea voyage, and there M'ould be nothing like goods trnllic or anything from which rercnuo would bo derived. As far as ho could understand the leader of the Opposition, lie was perfectly satisfied witli the trunk lines and the branch lines, and tho only thing ho objected to was that tlm Government had not stated how pro vision was made to pay the interest on the money for the cons! ruction of these lines ; hut ho (Mr. Kcllett) was certain that if tlioso linos wore carried out to the western country there was valuable land there that would pay, and pay well forllieir construc tion, not only the interest, but the prin cipal as well. It had boon seen on the Darling Downs bow railways increased the value of html. Besides, this loan Mas not to bo oxhnusted in one year, ami he was sure that next year they Mould have shown to them how hy means of these lands the interest on the cost of these railways u'ould bo paid. Ho had 110 doubt that they would have a good feasible1 land scheme brought beforo them next year, and he hoped that the intelligence of both sides of tho House Mould bo brought to bear so as to make it the best Bill that could be Casscd, so as to provide for the payment of otli principal and interest on these rait Mays. If the matter was taken up in a proper way, on something the same prin ciple as the Act of 18(58, by resuming por tions of tho outside runs and throwing (item upon to selection when the rail ways were made there, ami by giving increased tenure to tho present lease holders for the iiart that was left to them, they M'ould iiml that a large population M'ould come from tho other colonies, espe cially it! the land was thrown open in large blocks of from 500 to 20,000 acres. There wore men to his own knowledge in the other colonies anxiously waiting to see those lands thrown open, and he was sure that as soon ns they Mere thrown open they would iiml hundreds and thousands of men coining from the other colonies and elsewhere to settle upon them. Tho lender of the Opposition objected to the stoppage of immigration, but he (Mr. Kcllett) was very glad that it wns stopped at the pre sent time, because he thought nothing could bo more suicidal than to bring more people to the colony when it ivas admitted that there wns not sufficient employment for those already in the colony. One of the most consistent supporters of the Hill, Mr. Bailey, did not make his usual able speech in defending tliem on this occasion — in fact, he found lie had a very lame case ; ho said tlrnt they had made a number of blunders, and the only excuse he gave for these blunders was that they m erc squeezed into making them. He (Mr. Kcllett) wus very sorry to hear that statement from one of their own supporters ; it was a very poor defence, but he supposed it was the best ho could make. The lion, member for Maryborough (Mr. Douglas) differed from the leader of the Opposition inasmuch ns be believed in trunk lines, but not in branch lines. That hen. gentleman Mas an advocate for pushing six railways through tho House not very long ago, and especially tho Maryborough fine, the most expensive aiul the most useless line advo cated in Unit House. It was pushed ahead to save the lion, gentleman's seat iu that House, and Although the hon. member M'us a very able member of the House iu debate, in spite of all his ability he (Mr. Kellctt) doubted whether something like three- quarters of a million M'ns not too dear a prieo to pay for his seat. At the same time, the hon. member did not believe in branch railways through the settled dis tricts, unless those railways were paid for by local taxation. In those districts the people had next to no roads, and lie main tained that railways through the blncksoil country ucrc tho chonpcst roads and the easiest kept in repair that they could pos sibly have. He u'as glad to see that they were put down at a low figure on the Estimates— £2,500 per milo and he hoped they u'ould not be allowed to ex ceed that because he believed the lower the price tho greater number of milcH they would be able to construct, ami produce could bo carried ou them nt a lower rale than if they cost more. Ho was satisfied from information ho had received from engineers und others who understood rail way construction, that good somul lines could be made nt that price. Tho result of such fines m ould be a large increase iu population and settlement, because fanners would he able to bring their produce to market, whicUntprosenttheyucroiiotnblo to do except atnn expense grcaterlbanlhovaluo of the produce itself. It ccrtuiuly as tonished him to find that the lion, member (Mr. Douglas), who had for years been tho lender of the Liberal pari;' and advocated branch lines, should now oppose those lines and advocate trunk lines. It seems to him that the lion, member was going back to his old days. Ho wan avoir largo squat ter at 011c timo and owned some of tho finest land on tho Darling Downs, but al- thoughlic said bullocks did not cost sixpence to fatten for market ho was unsucossful. However, ho seemed ns if ho was going back to his old days, to his young lore, now, when ho saw inoro prosperous times ; but lie (Mr. Kellctt) was afraid ho would he no more successful now than ho mus before. JTo (Mr. Douglas) was an nblo man in liis M'us too much of a theorist ; ho htul not a practical turn of mind, and ho had heen always loo fond of shifting from one sido of a subject to another, so that thoy could never knou exactly how ho would finish up ; and, after leading the Liberal party for years, ho (Mr. Kellctt) wns astonished to hear him turn rouud mid say that the furmiug (lis- triets of the colony should not have branch railways except they wore specially taxed for them. They had already to pay their share of general taxation, and they Mere to nay a second local tax for these raihvays. He wns glad the present Ministry did not consider that fair or justifiable, and having brought forward these branch raihvays lie hoped they Mould soon push them on into progress. Willi regard to tho branch lino from Toowoomba to Higlifields, lie thought it would prove a very valuable and paying line, but he m'ns sorry to see only twelve miles put doivn ou the Kstimnte, because from his knowledge of the district twelve miles would be very little good. Hu wns satisfied that it ought fo have been taken twenty- five or thirty miles at least— ns far as Crow's Kcst j mid his reason for saying that it m'ould provo a paying lino was that the timber traffic alone would make it so. Thero was also n great deal of valuable agricultural land all around, but for the timber traffic alone the line would be more reproductive than any other brunch line in tho colony. He hoped, if tho Ministers inquired into the matter and found that what ho stated wns correct, thoy would see their way to make the extension longer than they now proposed. In summing up his remarks, lie had merely to say that the debate lind been commenced iu a very lame way by tho leader of the Opposition. That hon. gen! Ionian's speech was to this effect — that he believed m (lie entire policy of the Government ; that he believed iu trunk railways and in brunch railways, and that he believed in borrowing money for their construction, but he did not believe in not having the spending of the monoy himself, and therefore it wns that tho hon. gentleman hoped hy u side wind to nttnin that object. But as the country had lmd expe rience of tho hon. gentleman's party spend ing money, he thought it would bo very chary of allowing them, for some timo to come, to linve another opportunity of so doing. As an lion, member had remarked, it was the voice of the country that turned out the late Government, aiul a very largo cry it Mas. lit? (Mr. Kclleft) did not believe there had ever been such a general cry throughout the country for turning out any Government before, mid lie nns confident tlmt if the present Ministry Mere to go to tho country they would bo returned again, and that tho opinion of tho country nt the last elections would bo endorsed rather than nllon tho old party to get into power again. Ho had one ob jection to the policy of the present Gov ernment, ami that wns 111 reference to tho Divisional Boards Bill. Ho M'ns sure tho country M'ns not ripe for such a measure, and that in the settled districts it would bo n very great hardship. Tho principal point of objection with him wns the tnxing of improvements— that M'ould bo n suicidnl tax, ns it would he a tax on the industry of the people. At a time like the present when tliey were trying tofostorscttlcment, it would be a most unwise thing to tax improvements. At a iimoM'hon there wero good crops many men who lind mndo money in other ways turned their atten tion to agriculture, and spent a great deal of money iu building barns and other buildings, but after a few years tliey had to give up their hobbies, and the con- sequenco mns that iu innny places tlioso buildings wero standing now empty and of no value to the owners. But so long as they stood, although tlicro M as no interest being obtained on the money expended on them, tliey wonhl bo regarded as improve ments and taxed accordingly. Alongsido of them might be the lands of men who luul never spent a shilling except on fencing— men who uero the idle drones in this hive when it was hoped only the busy bees would bo seen— and who eat tho honey whilst tho men who had tried to make tho country wero f 0 ho taxed for their improve ments. He hoped when the Bill got into committee it would he so arranged as to ho altered insomo way from what was now proposed. 1 To had great pleasure iu giving liis support to tho policy of the Govern ment. as he considered it would be for the benefit of the country, and he believed it M-outd be for the benefit of the country to keep them in pou'er as long as possible. Mr. Mestox said it was the wish of many lion, members to speak on the ques tion, and when it was considered how many had spoken (hat evening it was only Tight that others should have an opportunity of doing so. "Willi that object lie begged to move the adjournment of tho debate. Tho Bremieu said there had been a clear and distinct understanding between himself und the lender of tho Opposition that thoy should bring tlio debate to a conclusion tlmt night. The hon. member must be aM'aro tlmt it it M'ns most important to get 011 with the business of tho country as rapidly as pos sible, and that there uns very little proba bility of tho result of tho division being altered by any prolonging of the debate. He (the l'rcmier) M as quite prepared to sit and listen to lion, members, but he could not A motion of a character similar to that they were nouf discussing was introduced by himself last session, except that it M as more important, as thero m'ns a more im portant crisis in tho colony ; and on tlmt occasion the debato was not only concluded on tho third night, but on his (tho Pre mier's) motion, ho munnged to secure tlmt a Bill should bo passed through all its stages 011 the same evening. He kneu' the leader of the Opposition hud been working with himself to get tho debate finished that ovening. He Mould remind hon. members tluit tue same reason did not apply to adjournments that used to formerly, as the;' now had a daily Jfauxnrd ; and 110 matter how lute an lion, member spoke, he Mould be as well reported as if he spoko at im early period of the evening. Mr. IIea pointed out that the Opposition had offered to go 011 M'ith the debate Inst Thursday; but the lion, gentleman would not have it, as it did not suit him. Tito Opposition had thus shon'ii tliey were anxious to finish tho debate. Mr. Griffith said it was true that he had told the Premier that he should be glad to come to a division that evening, and personally it would be n. great convenience to him to do so. But he also told the hon. gentleman that there must not be r any attempt to stifie discussion. He considered the present quite as important a debate us that of last session winch tho hon. gentle man luul referred try and lie believed that u'ould be proved by the result of the session. He had done what ho could to bring the debute to a conclusion that evening, ns he considered that, except under extraordinary circumstances, tbreo nights M'us quite Jong cuough for any debate ; but it must bo remembered that it M'ns generally understood tlmt tho de bate m'ould not be over in one or two days. As to hon. mcmhor's speeches being re ported in Jftnifttwd, it was well known that after a certain time speeches could not appear in Himaavd, as thero would not he room. He lmd heard that- several hon. members wero desirous of speaking, but lie certainly hoped that tho debato would be closed on the next day. The Premier said that his only reason for adjourning over Monday was that tho debate would be finished that (Tuesday) cvoning. As to liis not having consented to proceed with tho debate on Thursday last, it Mas entirely with a regard to the conveni ence of lion, members wiio lind privato business ou tho paper. Mr. Griffith said that tho adjourn ment of the debato over Monday was liis suggestion, ns lie pointed out that a great ninny lion, members could not possibly attond on that day. As to closing tho debate that evening ho never heard it mentioned till tho afternoon, and ho tlicn said ho u'ould do all ho could to bring it to a conclusion. A long discussion on the order of pro cedure ensued. Question — That this debato bo nou adionrned— mtt. The House divided : — Atbs, 21. Messrs. Griffith, JPrico, Dickson, McLean, Hen, Stubley, Patcrson, Itutledgo, Mcston, Bniloy, Miles, Kingsford, Maokuy, Douglas, Garriek, irondreu, Kates, Groom, Macfurlano (Ipswich), Grimes, Bcnttie, Tliorn, Jlorwitz, ami Tyrol. Rons, 27. Messrs. A H. Palmer, Mncrosean, Perkins, Mclhvnutli, Walsh, Scott, Ilill, Cooper, Korton, Stevens, Hamilton, O'Sullivau, Perosc, Lulor, Thompson, Kollctt, Stoveneon, Shcnflc, Lou, Moroheud, Ainhursl, 3L W. Palmer, Baylies, Simpson, Bcor, Swuiuvick, and Arelicr. Question, therefore, resolved in the nega tive. Mr. Stuueev moved tho adjournment of the House. Mr. Griffith; said it would bo much to bo regretted if the debate, after having been so harmoniously conducted, should result in a suden ruptnro betu'een the two sides of the House. The feeling of ill-will engendered in u few moments would tuko a very long time to dissipate. Ho had dono his best — he had oven gono out of his way —to bring the dcbiite to a closo this eve ning, and Iliad persuaded several members not to speak who had intended to do so. Then, thero wns his own reply, which tho Premier wns good enough to suy ho would give liiui the opportunity of making. Ho would hardly do justice to himself at this hour, nftcr having been hard at work since ten o'clock in the morning. That privileeo ho would hnvo to forego, if the "'donate was pressed to a division to night. Tho Premier said he gave the lender o£ the Opposition all credit for having endea voured to bring tbo debate to a closo to night; but when ho found that a small section of the Opposition attempted ' to coerce their lender uud tnko the leadership out of his hands, it could not ho said ho mas wanting in courtesy in insisting that the debate should closo to-night. Threo nights wero surely sufficient for a debato of this kind; and if lion, members on tbo other sido wished to speak, he was prepared to listen to them patiently', lho hon. member for tho Kennedy (Mr. Stubloy) had deliberately told liim that if the debate wns pressed to a division to-night ho Was dotcrinincd tho Government should dono business this session, as he would obstruct ,» kiting ,,ua iiiui uniimui lliuy should give way to P If they sat till the day after to-morrow, tho hon. . member M'ould find that his threat M'us perfectly useless. After further discussion, Question put and negatived. Mr. Bea said ho did think that after the concession made last week to. the Govern ment something like fair pluy would hnvo been nllou'cd, and some consideration would hnvo been shown to members on tho Oppo sition benches; but, as tlio Government hud insisted 011 tho debnto going on, thoy must take the consequences of any animad versions that might bo made upon their conduct. The real question in the debate had not been touched upon nt that sitting. It was not a question of tho railway policy of the Ministry, of the squatting policy, or tho policy of land sales ; it wns also not tho bunking question or the immigration policy of tho Government; but it was tho m'holo policy of the Ministry combined, since they took office last January, that tlio House had beeu asked to give its decision upon. Tho first thing that would occur to a stranger coming into tho Assembly M'ould be to inquire as to what tho Ministry had done since January? lie found that the first item wis tlio cor- rcspondencc between the banks and the Treasurer. This document had long sinco rciichcdliondon, and ho was quito confident that, in rcfcrcueo to tho proposed loan, the men on the London Stock Exchange would bo holding their sides in derision nt such a document huving been allowed, for it imli- onted a foregone conclusion on the part of tho Colonial Treasurer to gel tho wholo moneys within the power of tho Treasury of Queensland, and place them in u bank in which ho himself wns interested. 'What did this show but that the whole iimnomv- riug of the Ministry had been to got the money of the colony under their control with a view to lending it to their own fol lowers. The next step was taken in the month of April, nud it wns to get the wholo of the const lands in the colony within the grasp of the Ministerial followers. The Government held tho wholo of the auction sales in one day of a territory larger than had ever been attempted to bo sold in any part of the world. Such a transaction as that would have been enough to have caused any other Parliament to refuse its confidence to the Ministry guilty oi bringing it about. The next transaction took place in the sumo month, when tho Government made a bargain with their own bunk that it should have tho use of tho publio money, and when the House came to examine the condition of that in stitution the' learnt that it wns a limited nubility bank, aim llicreioro Imulo only to tho amount of its shares. Ho would ask any man if he boliovcd that an' other Parliament in tho Australian colonics would have tolerated any Ministry doing such nil net? There was also tho further question in connection with the bargain made as to tho carrying out of the enact- incuts bearing upon the squatters. When ho put the question to the Minister for Lauds us to whether ho was going to cut up the ruin not bid for, tho only answer he got was — no. If the object of tho Ministry had been to foster population oil the coast dis tricts of the colony, what better opportunity bad any Ministry thnn they hnct 011 that occasiou? But tliu answer lie received proved that tho whole object of theMinistry now that they had got into power was to do away with all the control of tho lands of tho colony, except by the squatters and for the squatters who supported them. It was easy to sco that it was owing to tho nature of the followers who supported them — who left tho House during debate, but at the call of the division bell they strutted iti with tho aspect of Indian nabobs. But .when they curno to be ex amined beyond tho surfaco, it was found that they were mere Brummagem, or pew- ter imitations of anything like independent men. That was what governed this country now, and lie would ask if in any of these colonies such a class of supporters of a Government would be tolerated for one hour? The hon. member for Morcton had pointed out that ou tho Government sido of tho IIouso tlicro were twenty tenants of the Crown out of the wholo House. Tho total numbor of members was iifty-Jirc, and half of that was twenty-seven, so that in reality there were only seven members on tlio iMiuistorhil side of the House that could bo called independent members. Was not that enough to make any man in tho House desire to see the colony governed according to tho usages of other colonies or of England? Wns it not enough to call tho attention of tlio couutry to how votes were carried in thnt House and to tlio class of men who curried tlicm ? They heard a very candid statement to-night from an hon. member opposite ns to the way in which a squatter going to a bank for a loan might be treated — that if lie did not do all ho was told to do the screw would be put on ; and tluit gave some reason for tlio conduct of lion, members opposite— lliaii lllu USlIha n Ulllll IIUli IUU iillln Ull 11 they did not volo and do 21s llioy were told 1 to do. They had also heard to-night some thing that nccountcd for the voles of those lion, members— namoly, tho fact that they held large areas of country over tho border in South Australian territory. That showed what was meant by railways to tlio selling sun. IIo believed that such a thing had never before been heard of. Tho runs of those lion, members would bo benefited by those railways out west, but at tho same time they would boar 110 part of tlio taxa tion of tuis colony. That was' the wholo secret of why they were called upon to vote this three millions of money. On tho X7tli Juno Inst lie (Mr. Ilea) mndo certain pro- K>snts for tho appointment of commissioners to examine into and ascertain what benefit tho pastoral lessees would gain by these railways, so that it might bo seen how much they should fairly contribute to tho Treasury; but even that proposition would not be entertained by the Govern ment, showing conclusively that tho coast towns and other towns of tho colony were to be taxed for theso railways that were to be nmdo for tlio benefit of tho Grown tenants. Therefore, ho said lion, members on that sido of tho House had no alternative but (o vole for the wiml-of-eon- liilciirc motion, seeing tluit the Government refused so plainly to put any tax on tlio Crown tenants. When they eunm to examine oilier parts of the conduct of the Government, what did they lind? When tliu question of cutting down high salaries was before the House the Coloniul Secre tary said nothing 111 his life had ever given him so much grief as reducing those salaries. He (Mr. Boa) only wished they had an artist for London Punch there to draw 11 cartoon depicting, as it ought to be depicted, this new Jeremiah of Queensland in lamentation that was breaking his heart. Then they would have depicted this now phase of a nation's grief over tho reduction of the salaries of a few highly paid favourites; the' would have first a sob ami then a hiccup for these un- forlimutu men. But was there any lamen tation when these men were dismissed from Ipswich, when it was not a reduction of salary but complete dismissal, so that some of them lmd to sell their cottages and leave the colony? Thoy heard iio'hing of the grief then, nothing of the sobs, nothing but the hiccups. That was wlmt was ad dressed to the working men, and it was only men in high positions luxuriating in high salaries for whom he felt sym pathy. Then ho entne to the bunk business, and lio would ask lion, members if in the history of any of Die colonies there could be found anything so disgraceful as the action of the Government in this matter? He had heard taunts from lion, members opposite tluit nothing definite had been brought forth — thnt this was a mero vague motion of want' of confidence— but there were plenty of charges thnt could be brought aguinst them, and he would chal lenge the Government to test the country by a general election oil tins, wincli was only 0110 out of a number .of iliciu — " That the Home is of opinion thnt tho mer cantile good bciiso of the people of this colony will be outraged should that system bo curried into effect which is now threatened to be car ried— namely, that those who can influence (lie handling of tho public money ns Executive Ministers should also bo allowed (o handle tho sumo money in their private capacity, ntul trade with it to their own private advantage and to tho mlvnntuuu and profit of their own political supporters." Thnt wns delinite enough, ntul he chal lenged tlio Government to appeal to the country 011 it and sec if they would be re elected. But their conduct under this general vote of want of confidence claimed attention, and it wus their whole conduct they hud now to consider. 'J hey refused to admit any further discussion on the question because they knew the more it was slirrcd the less it smellcd like candle- Cologne, They had telegraphed for their supporters, and having got them together they insisted upon a vote being taken, although (hey refused to take it lust week. But now they lmd their supporters together who dare not vote except ns they were told — who knew that they would be sold off if they attempted to vote in any other way— tlioy insisted ou a vole being taken. Eor that and other reasons ho had iusistcd on an opportunity being given for a fair expression of opinion from lion, members on his side of the House. The whole ob ject of tho Government, as slated by the loadcrof tho Opposition, was to get hold of the money without making any promises us to how it should be spent. It eould easily bo understood why they had not brought in uny plans or specifications, because their object was lo go on with tlio zig-zag lines to the "West to reward their supporters, and nut go on with brunch lines in order to punish their opponents. Such being the ease, if the Government had oiico tho commnud of thai money, they might shut the doors of that House for the next three years. Now, what did they read of tlio action of the Government in lately throwing open for selection large areas of land in the immediate neighbour hood of somo of tho principal inland town ships ? In a leading article of that day's paper It was staled that such action "should 00 specially favoured by the pastoral tumults." But then it went ou to say — " Unfortunately, however, Iherc nre a few of tho latter who have learned nothing from ex perience— not cTen tho wisdom of maintaining a discreet sitcnco" Thai was the policy to bo observed by the opposito side— "when their opinions nro such as thoy must well know the public will not approve. " Tho samo pnpor iu another article said " "Wo arc inclined, also, to agree with Mr. Mulhvrahh thnt tho plan of going lo London every year for a loan is 11 bad 0110." That was tho Premier's own mouthpiece, ami ho (Mr. Ilea) would liko to know which told tlio truth, tho mouthpicco or tho hou. gentleman? That was tlio mouth piece of the Premier, and yet it lind been an accusation against the Into Treasurer that lie refused to givo information in London of his intention to put nnothcr loan on the market until Iho olu one wns taken up. What would people at homo sny if, before one loan wns successfully Jlontcd, another one was launched? They would say that a Treasurer who did such a thing wns neglecting tho interests of tho colony. Hon. members opposite, with alt their experience, knew nothing of the way in which loans were Heated. Last year, when the present Treasurer brought forward Ins tuau for TJ.ODO.OOOimd was defeated, when 1 1m reasons for rejecting it were made known . tlieynt once had Iho effect of sending up j our debentures; but what would bo tlio j case when it was known in Loudon that I if tho Government got hold of this monoy l hey would— and the cut was let out of tho bag by tlio Minister for Lands — place it where it would bring good interest, not to tho country, but to O10 pockets of tho three members of tlio Government who were members of a bank directory ? ' Tlio Government might say that they were not guing to put into the banks moro than was necessary, but he contended that it was contrary to the principle of the House of Commons, or to that of any of tlio other colonics, that members of iiGovonnncntwho hud tlio handling of public moneys should be directors of a bunking company. Tho houourublo member for tho Mitchell, a few evening's ago, when indulging iu a tirade against the Germans, spoke of Queensland as being the freest country in the world; but was a country gorcrncd by thrco bunk directors worthy of such a name?— would such a thing bo tolerutcd in any other colony ? Why, it was placing members of tluit House iu such a despic able position that tliey ought to be ashamod oi their manhood. It was not the immi gration question, or tho railway question, or the bank question, but the whole three together, and the conduct of the gentlemen placed iu authority, that demanded atten tion, and he and others would not be doing their duty if they did not speak out in tho most unmistakable manner in respect to them. He had picked up a niece of paper Hint evening, which I10 believed would show tho whole object of the loan. It wus 111 tlio torm ota nursery rhyme ns toiiows— There mis a Imlrt l'olitlclrm, who lived hi n Stew, llo'il mi umnv Hum ho know nut what to do ; He went very far cimth to get litem hkiumI, Hut when he mmo ltack— lie found ldum-lf floored. They'd coon hnvu to bo clocked, and wcru u far nwny, That without lniijj lines or hulls they never would iKiy. So he cnld to hU (.1mm, with you I'll no snucrks iryuu'll vntnctmiitht and Hjimru for three hallway Truck ; They threw up their hat, mylti#, we're In for the c|ireo, We'll vnto for your million— one, two, or thrco. lie puve them a wink to niteud to HI order, haying. " Our runs can't be taxed for they're orer the bonier." Mr. Stuiii.ev said he lidd spoken to the loader of tho Government at an earlier period of the evening and asked him to adjourn tliu debute, urnl the Premier had refused. IIo (Mr. Stubley) now informed the House most emphatically that, ns his request had been refused, lie should henceforward bo an obstructionist to all Government measures. He might or might not vote with tho Government on this particular question ; but if he had been inclined to vote with them the Pre mier's words would have deterred him. It was a very unjust principle to go on, that because Government luid a majority at their back they should force n division to night. That wns foreo purely— there was no intellect in it. Government could not stand up and fairly argue the question; and ho was proparod to stake everything ho lind, against an equal sum imt down by Govern ment, and tnko to a sn ag to-morrow if lie lost, that Government could not construct the Charters Towers line at anything like £3,000 u-milc. It was perfectly ridiculous to say so to anyone who knew tho country as ho diil, and it showed that they were not sincere in their intentions by proposing it. The hon. member for the Cook had hud the impudence to tell his constituents thai to get £(10,1)00 for theui lo be spent in rivers, bridges, and roads to the diggings was nothing to wlmt he would do ; but if he (Mr. Stubley) hud hud time to have pre pared himself, ho would linve explained tho whole business of the Government, so far ns the three-million loan w;« concerned. It wns the greatest fallacy possible. AVux it lo be thought of for a moment that the colony should ho bound to borrow a certain amount of money only during (lie next four years ?— for, supposing the mining in dustry were to look up, another period of prosperity mighlsctiu, and it might beneccs- U.ti.tr In uiill fltWliot. <t<H'i>lnn Hut (.fill III tv. Tlicro should be 110 limitation of the amount to bo borrowed ; they might want £5,000,000 as well ns £3, 0QO,0lK). Besides this, he did not ngrco with the ideas of the Premier and the Minister for AVorks, that they could borrow thrco millions cheaper than thoy could 0110 million. That was absurd. They should only borrow what tho Houso would pass, and should not pledge it to any definite amount, and if tho Opposition allowed the Loan Aroto to pass the Houso it would he tho ruin of the country. He repeated thnt lie had felt in clined lo vote with tho Government, but would not after the manner in which he had been treated. lie had asked tho Premier to allow the dcbatcto be adjourned, and the Premier had said, "No." He (Mr. Stubley) lind thou said that lie would obstruct ns much ns lie could, mid the Premier replied that he didn't care a d n if he (Air. Stubley) did. Ho would tell tho hon.gcutlemnit thnt vote should never pass if he could get thrco lion, members to work with him. The Pkkmikii moved that the lender of the Opposition be heard in reply. Question put nud passed. Mr. Gimp pith: I shall point this hour of the morniug sny anything like wlmt I intended to sny. I inteuded to have said a I great deal, billowing to the extraordinary i manner in which tlio debate litis been brought lo a conclusion it must re main uu unfinished debate. 1 regret this I because it would liavo been far belter if tlio matter had been thoroughly discussed ami fouglit out — we might then have had u fair start afterwards ; hut us tliu Government have thought tit to take advantago of their majority of two or three to prevent that conclusion, tlio consequences must bo thrown u>oii them. Iam sure that by this time tho Premier must have regretted that ho permitted his temporary Joss of temper to luivu induced him to insist on the debate being brought to a conclusion this evening- If we had given way to the s:inm weakness, we could have kept the debate going till to-morrow evening without nnv result at' ull. Tho mutter is ono of too grout importance for tactics of obstruction to be used 011 either side, especially the tactics of brute force. I have been taunted both in tho Houso and in the Press with having given no sutisfuctoiy reasons for bringing forward this motion ; it is hardly necessary for ino to justify myself on that point, because I consider I gave ample reasons when I introduced it. if any further reason is necessary I need only say thut the whole of tho country re gards this proposed policy of Iho Govern ment with the greatest alarm. I hnvu been accused of being half-hearted in this matter: but, if so, it is my mis fortune, for I was never moro thoroughly sincere than in expressing my condemna tion of the proposals of the Government. I am not, ns some of the Ministerial party arc, a mnn who boasts that he has no stake in tlio colony. I hare a stake in the colony, ami 1 regard the colony as my xiituro home, nud the welfare of the colony as the one object which is most my concern in this lite. If ever tlicro wns n mntter vitally concerning the prospects of a young colony it is a proposal of this kind, which is a mere leap in the dark or a speculation like gambling : if it is successful it will bring us out all right, and it' unsuccessful it will lead us into liuancinl troubles which may take more than a generation to get rid of. One honourable member this evening —ho scarcely deserves notice— suggested that we were not in earnest because we thought that lust week we should suuteh a majority. Cannot tlmt hon.. gCDtlomnu give his political opponents credit, at lenst, for principles of fair play and for prudence? It is not likely we should throw away our chances by snatching a temporary majority iu a thin House, more especially when a large majority of the whole colony con- dctnns the policy of tho Government. It is high time thut the Opposition spoke out us they have done, knowing thnt they linvo tho country at their back. I have been told that I do not possess the confidence of the members of tho Opposi tion. AVitH regard to wlmt has occurred this evening, I would never exercise any influence I may possess to stifle an important debate, liut I am happy to think that I do possess the confidence of the gentlemen who work with me on this side of the House. AVilU regard to the present motion, I was led to bring it forward, because every member of the Opposition agreed that it was our impcrntivo duty to plnco on record our disapproval of the rash and reckless Iioliey of the Government. When I nought this motion forward J gavo in sub stance three reasons why we should disap prove of the proposals of the Government. The first was because their proposals were indistinct, indefinite, uncertain, unknown, and undecipherable ; seeoudly, because thoy were insincere with respect to a very important part of their policy ; and thirdly, because there was no financial policy accom panying it, ns there ought to have been. What answer lias been mndo to llioso charges ? Nopublie works policy can be satis factory to any intelligent legislature or com munity unless it combines those thrco quali ties. It must be distinct, sincere, and accom panied by a proposal to pay tho interest ou tlio added indebtedness. With respect to mo uuirgu 01 1111 iiHiLiiiiiiu puiii , luirciiiis been absolutely no answer made. 1 com plained that we did not know whoro tlio extension from Boma wns to go lo. AVo were told tlmt the railway wns to be extended ISO miles ; and when I asked where it was going to, tho only answer I got wns that it was going to tho scttingsun. AVith respect to the cxtention from Charters Towers, 110 information was given. It may be going north-west, or south-west, or anywhere, and the only answer I got was, un endeavour 011 the part of the Minister for AVorlw to bring this side of the House iuto unpopularity by misrepresenting what I said, and implying that I had spoken of the line from lowns- villle to Charters Towers us being quite as absurd ns a railway to the moon, what I did speak of was an extcusiou of the line from Charters Towers. AVith respect to tho Central Builway, we did get some in formation — we were told that it was going due west. AVe were asked to borrow £1,200,000 toconstruct those railways, and the only information given us about, them is that ono is going duo west ami tlmt the others are going somowlicrc. AVith respeet to the charge of insincerity, thcrc.has been no answer. They have not even attempted to show that the proposal to make a branch line towards Clermont is other than wholly insincere ; and the samo may lie said with respect to the liue lo Saudgulc ami the other branch lines. All we are told is, that those lines ought to be made for the monoy put down against theui, and, if not, they should not bo made. Proposals of this kind ought to have hern arcompuuicd by definite proposals; mid the only conclusion we can arrive at is, that in putting forward those proposals the Government arc insincere. I appeal to the House, and, if it is against inc, to the country, for a verdict in this matter. I complained, further, that they have no means of providing for the payment of the interest on the proposed loan. Some sort of answer lias been attempted (o be made to that, but to the other charges none what ever. Tho Colonial Treasurer tells us a large loan is necessary — for what?— -to keep the workmen now employed by the Government still going. To uoitow money for such a policy is absolutely ruinous and tho sooner we abandon it the better. Hut I do not believe the money is wanted for any such purpose, for if it wore so not more titan £'118,000 of the whole amount could be applied to it. All the rest of the money eoulil not bo employed until Parlia ment has met next year and approved of the plans — until the laud has been resumed and tho contracts lot, which cannot be until the end of next year at the earliest. Not a farthing of the rest could be employed for tho purpose suggested, and must, if bor rowed, ho idle iii tho banks. The Premier : No. Mr. Griffith; "Wo will take the items seriatim. There is the extension from lloma. It is impossible that any money , can bo spent on that until the end of next yoar at the earliest. As to the extension of the Central linilwny to llctront, we know there are no plans ready, and tho work cannot bo authorised till next year; if it can we do not know, because, although wo imveasked.wchuveoblnincd no information about it. On the extension of the Northern Hail way, we know it will not be wanted for three or four vcars, and tho only money available for tho purpose of keeping the men going is tho 1M18.000 for completing works already begun. With respect to the branch lines, none of theui can he autho rised till next year, and most of them arc not even surveyed yet. It appears tlmt whether we can speuil the money pro fitably or not we must have it. \Ve are next told, 44 This is your own i>oliey ; why aro you attacking it ?" In iny opening speech I distinctly declined to say who were the originators of the policy, because that is a matter entirely outside the question. Tho charges I made against the present policy are none of them applicable to the policy of the late Govern ment, which was definite, sincere, and tov which n scheme was provided for meeting the interest 011 tho loan. "What I object to is tho abseiico in the present policy of all those qualities which made the policy of tho late Government worthy of consideration. Then wo are told that plans aro not nccos- stiry— that tho New South "Wales Parlia ment has voted seven million without having any plans. What miserable quib bling! Svc do not object because there are no plans on the tnblc of tho House, but bccauso wo arc not told where the railways arc to go to. The New South Wales Government did not ask for a million for a lino from Tamworth to tho moon. They asked for n line from Tamworth to Tenter- field— a rational proposition worfhy of ' being submitted to rational men. Such a line might deviate a few miles one side or other of the coach road, but it would, at least, connect two towns. Willi respect to revenue, we hare been told that no additional source of reveuuo will he required. The Colonial Treasurer says the laud revenue will be sufficient. If we ask where he is going to get it, he simply says— " Trust me ; it's all right !" Hut whore is it? Wo are told tho linos will be repro ductive ; but if they will be at once repro ductive, asking where tho interest is to como from is an idle question. Tho branch- lino propositions are so transparently in sincere tlmt tliey do not deserve further discussion. I wish to consider tho trunk liucs, for which we aro asked to borrow £1,200,000. Wo know the 130 miles ex tension to the western line cannot bo com pleted within live years of the present time, and who is to pay tho interest in the mean time? Tho extension from Charters Towers, also, cannot be made in loss time. Willi regard to tho Central lino wo are told that when completed it will pay, nml we were given statistics to show that there are ut tho present lime 3,000,000 shcop in tho Gregory, that in five years they will hnvo multiplied tol2,000,00u, aud by that time the freight on tho wool from the 12,000,000 will pay tho interest on the money. Hut who is going to pay the interest during tho next five years ? From where, also, did the Minister for Works get liis figuros? Tho Treasurer estimates tho sheep in that district at 1,500,000 and not 3,000,000. What becomes of tho lion, gentleman's calculations then? Tho Minister fob Works: Tho War- rogo district. Mr. Griffith : Oh, I did not under stand that the Central line was to go into tho Wurri'go district. If that is tho caso, it is new light on tho subject. In the course of five years, if all goes well, we may be nblo to pnv the interest for these linjs. I believe thoso railways will be reproductive or I should never have given my sanction to them ; but we aro all agreed that they will not bo so immediately. It is idle to say they will some day bo repro ductive, and equally idle to say tlmt the present lines havo paid 3 J- per cent. Wc know they have not done so. Tho Minister for Works has been continually harping upon the fact that they do not pny. TL is even now a question, ut the present low rales, whether tho bulloek-drays may not compete with tho railway between ; Chnrlcvillc anil Dalby. Under these cir cumstances, no suno man having any re gard for tho interest of tho country can propose to borrow the large sums of money without making a proposition as to how the interest is to be paid meanwhile to pre vent us from getting into inextricable financial dillieulties. We know, and the Government know, although tlicy have not the courage to make the proposition, that some one will have to make it. They know the money to pay tho interest will have to he found, but they put oil the evil day. Ono lion, member told us to-night that when we come into power we could do it ; and no doubt that expresses the views of tho Government. Tlicy say — 44 Give us the money and let others pay for it; wc shall have the money and certain advantages appertaining to it." I do not mean to say advantages for themselves, but for those parts of the country they more particularly represent. I call that rank cowardice. It is trusting to tho future, like a reckless spendthrift or gam bler. We proposed certain means of pay ing the interest, and if they were insulli- eient tho mistake wasjm honest one ; and that principle of railway reserves will yet have to be applied to pay the in terest on the construction of these railways. No one knows that, better tlum tho lion, gentleman at the head of tho Government. The Minister for Works tells us they will be immediately reproductive, but tho Pre mier proposes to pay interest on them out of land sales. Who would pay the prices of laud sales in the present state of the colony ? Wo shall be repealing tho process going on in New South wales — the money borrowed will go into tho banks, and the squatters will go into the market. Wc shall want £100,000 a year more to keep going. To get that extra £100,00U, land will bo placed m a market. The squatters will buy tho land and pay for it with the drafts on the banks, anda portion of litis money will be credited to revenue instead of loan. Instead of stand ing in the batiks to tho credit of the Gov ernment loan account, it will stand there to the Government revenue account; and also as a sort of floating balance represent ing a credit, nominally to tho purchaser, but really to tho bank. The money will be doing double duty— apparently a largo sum will bo in tho bauks when there will bo roully nono at all. Then, ho says, a great advantage will bo gained by borrowing ono loan iu three in stalments. The position taken up by the Opposition to borrow oue million at n time ns wanted is objected to, but what con- ccivablo occasion can there ho in going into tho money-market and Baying, 44 Wo are going to borrow three millions, but only want one million this year?" What shall wo gain by that except that tho Govern ment will gain the advantage of being able to borrow the whole amount at once ; and seeing tho way loans arc floated in London, there may be a syndicate to float the whole loan at once. If so, the bulk of the money will remain there, mid wc shall pur interest on it. If we aro to borrow three millions, what can wc gain by pledging ourselves forthrco years to borrow no more during that period ? Is tlicro 11113- tlnng national in this? The real facts are, tlmt the amounts put down are admittedly inadequate for the work they havo to do. Either tho Government must bo provontcd from carrying out thoso works, or they would bo compelled to go to tho money- market within three years. I shall not follow tlio Minister for Works through his elaborate attempt to provo that tho lino will pay. He told us about- cheap lines in Victoria made for less than £3,000 a-niilo, including rolling-stock and permanent way. The facts arc, that up to the present time tlio ulieapest lino let in Victoria is for £3,300 per mile, exclusivo of rolling-stock aud perniuucnt way. That is tho lust in formation .received by anyono but tho Minister for Works ; and as tho Minister for Works declined my challenge to give the name of tlio railway ho must take tho consequences. Tho Premier: I ucceplcd the challenge, and said I would put the papers upeu the table. Mr. Griffith: Tho papers have not been put upon the table yet, aiul there has been plenty of lime to do so ; but I hnvo a shrewd suspicion tlmt wo shull not sco those papers. Tlieu we were told thai the sheep will multiply some day, and wo aro told the astounding fuel that grass rentals alone will pay the iutcrcst. Why did the lion, gentleman not say tlmt the interest would be paid out of Customs or Excise? It is all moonshiuc. There is not even a correspondence iu amounts. It means that the interest of this loun ought to be paid out of grass rents, aiul will have to he paid out of such rents some day. At this time of niglit I shall not say anything about the interest upon this loun. If the money is voted it is clear tho interest will have to bo raised, aud it must como from the western lands. I have waited in vain for any lightto ho thrown by the Government upon this sub ject. I shall tako tho opportunity, when (lie House is more willing to listen aud I nui moro fit to speak, to say something moro upon the subject. It issulficicnt now to say tlmt the Government have made no proposal whatever for the raising of this interest. Then we had some vague apologies; tho lion, member for Ipswich (Mr. Thompson), whom I um very glad to sec back again, justified himself for voting nguinst this motion on the ground that ii did not much matter— tlmt the Government deserved a trial because they were doing very un popular work; and, really, that this inotiou was rendered necessary to complete the six lines the Opposition asked foe hist year. Hut the lion, gentleman forgets that the completion of these lines forms no part of the policy challenged in this debate. What is objected to is, that the Government have brought forward no proposition for paying the interest. The lion, member for Cook said that tho debate had hceu a waste of time. I do not think it has been. I helicvo a good deal of light has been thrown upon tho matter during this disussion. One thing at least has been proved— that of nil the members 011 the Government side of tho House, not two hnvo been found to get up and say they cordially agree with tho policy of tlio Government. At any rate, not more than two hnvo 44 damned it with faint praiso;" others do not approve of this or tlmt;. and others havo main tained n discreet silence, though, no doubt, in committee, tlicy will venturo lo speak. Although tlio division may be against mo now— not, however, by a strong majority, I iiaro no doubt, tlio result will bo to show the country that the proposals of the Gov ernment aro wholly insufficient; that the Gorcrnmentlinvc shown an utter absence of recognition of tho real nccossitiesof tho caso — necessities incumbent upon any Govern ment that proposes a loan policy of this magnitude. Under these circumstances wc should have been wauling 111 our duty ns an Opposition if wc had not pointed this out if wc are beaten wo shall niako tho best of it. Wo shall endeavour to aavo the country from being ruined. Wo shall endeavour to forco upon tbo Government some rational menus of paying the in terest on this loan. It 1ms been said that I had no right to bring for ward this motion if I did not desire to carry it. I suid nothing of tho kind. I do desire most heartily to carry it, although I did say that I had 110 desire at this time to accept the responsibilities of oflico ; but in bringing forward a motion of this kind I am perfectly aware of the responsibilities I undertake, and I am bound to accept them. I fool it is a very grave responsi bility to bring forward a motion of this kind, hut circumstances justify it and render it imperative. There was no alter native, and I repent we should havo been wanting in our duty if wo had not pointed out tlio defects of the Government, and I have no doubt that these defects will bo remedied — not remedied this session, perhaps—but I know that tho defects pointed out to-night will bo remedied, and that tho Government will bo bound to givo us some defiuito statement ns to their intentions. Tlioy will bo bound to show their sincerity, or the money for those insincere propositions will not be voted. As to tho rest they will bo compelled, either with or against their will, to muko somo rational proposition to relievo the finances of tlio colouy from the con fusion in which they will fall if their pre sent reckless and ill-considered intentions are carried iuto effect. Question— That the words proposed to bo omitttcd stand part of tlio quostion— put. The Houso divided : — Axes, 26. Messrs. A. JL Palmer, Mcllwraith, Perkins, Mticrosfiiin, Cooper, Pcrsse, Hcor, Archer, H. W. Puhner, Simpson, Thompson, Hamilton, Lnlor, Amhurst, Baylies, SlieaiTo, Morehcnd, Stevenson, Kcllelt, Stevens, O'Sullivnu, Hill, Low, "Walsh, Norton, and J. Scott. Noes, 23. Messrs. Gnrrick, Griffith, Dickson, McLean, Mcston, Ilea, Thorn, Jtut!cdgc,Hmloy,)ouglus, Mnefnrlunc (Ipswich), Miles, Klngstonl, Kates, Mackny, Grimes, Humlren, Stubley, Boattio, Price, Tyrol, Groom, and lEorwilz. Question therefore resolved in the affirm ative. Question — Thai tho Speakor do now leavo tho chair and the Houso resolvo itself into Committee of Supply — put and passed. The Premier moved Unit a sum not ex ceeding £100,000 be granted from Loun for Immigration. On tlio motion of the Colonial Secre tary, the Chairman left the Chair, re ported no progress, and obtained Icuvo to sit again at a later liour of tho day. The Premier, in moving tho adjourn ment of tho House, suid it hud not been the custom to register pairs made on Im portant divtsious. There was one tnado in the last division, and it was important it should ho mado known mid recorded. Mr. Paterson, of tho Opposition, paired with Mr. Swanwiek. The Speaker snid it was agreed tho other day that in cases where thero woro pairs tlicy would bo recorded in "Votes and Proceedings," if handed iu writing to tho Clerk, but not otherwise. Ho did not know whether tho pair referred to had been handed in. Tho Pbrmif.b said ho was not awaro of tho rule. Ho would now nsk whether it would bo sufliciont if the pair wcro linndcd in to-morrow? Tho Speaker snid that if the notico wcro handed in writing it would bo inserted. Question put and passed, and the Houso adjourned at five minutes to 2 o'clock a.m. By Authority: James O. Heal, Government Printer, William strcot, Brisbane. 