TOWN" TALK. The R.-M. steamer wa3 off Glenelg at 9.30 p.m. on Saturday. We publish in another column a number o£ cablegrams o£ an unusually iutcrestiug cha racter. Wo give in another column the: opinions of the country press on the political situa tion, the extracts being taken from journals both opposed to and in favor of tiie Govern ment. A narrow escape from drowning occurred at the Western ladies' baths on Saturday. A lady engaged in the scholastic profession, whilst bathing a child in rather deep water, fell in, and being unable to swim was in im minent danger of being drowned. With commendable presence of mind and some degree of bravery, a young lady present jumped into the water with her.clothcs on and rescued the child, the lady being rescued by means of a boat-hook, the end of which was handed to her and she was thus pnlled to land. On Saturday afternoon an old man, named Thomas Crawford, was found by the police lying in a paddock off the Qucenscliffe-road, and near the Kensington Wesleyan Chapel. The poor fellow was in a weak and dying state from starvation and exposure to the weather, and ho was brought to the Jios pital. Crawford was one of the unfortu tunatcs"who narrowly escaped being poisoned along with a nn ruber of other persons on a station at Camperdown*, through a cook having put some arsenic in mistake into a pie. Amongst the exhibitors at the Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition will be Mr Thomas Hackott, saddler, of Market-square, who is now actively, preparing " a collection of articles belonging to hi3 trade. Amongst them are a number of gent's riding-bridles, an American light buggy setof harness (with improvements), an albover hogakiu riding saddle, a pair of trotting winkers, etc., all of which evidence great care in their prepara tion and accuracy in workmanship. Mr Hackctt is just now preparing a set of lorry harness for a tradesman in town, which for completeness of finish is worthy of a place in the Exhibition. A severe dust storm took place yesterday forenoon, about 11 o'clock, and this was fol lowed by a smart shower of rain. At half past 12 o'clock the sky was overshadowed with dark and threatening- clouds, there were a few Hashes of lightning, and sharp peals of thunder." During tiie afternoon aud evening heavy showers of rain fell, and altogether the weather was of a wintry, ap pearance. ■ • A correspondent complains that there likely to be an attempt on the part of 'a couple of the drapery firms in town to keep their Bhops open every evening until 8 o'clock during the time the Exhibition is open. It is to he hoped, however, that the rumor has no foundation in fact. Yesterday being the commencement of the Feast of the Immaculate Conceptiou, there was a procession of the Children of Mary, at vespers, at St. Mary's Church. There were about 80 members of the Society present, all dressed in- wliito ■ with white veils, and carrying bannerettes in their hands. A number of aspirants to the society received the green ribbon from the hands of the Ven. Archdeacon ■ Slattery, D.D. After that ceremony had been performed the procession, headed by acolytes bearing the cross, traversed the centre aisle of the 'church to the front door and back again to their scats iu front of the aitar. During the procession the young ladies Btrowed tho aisle with flowers, whilst the choir chanted the Litany of the. Blessed Virgin. An appropriate address was delivered by the. Archdeacon, prior to.the procession taking place. There were fonr individuals last night in tho lock-up awaiting an interview with tho magistrates thismorning. -■ Ah Pong, Chinaman whose love for the Government rations is so great that immediately on being discharged he knocks at the gates for read mission, was arrested oh a charge of vagrancy. He had just finished'a sentence of three months on a similar charge. A woman named -Mary ^ M'Kea via "^was-»arrested . on. Saturday night by Constable Curran for drunkenness. A sailor whose name has not been ascertained was run in by Constable Mahon for inebriety,, and a man named Hen- | nings, who was rattier noisy' in Moorabool street whilst under the influence of liquor,, ran foul of Constable Taylor and was lodged in the lock-up. Messrs Bigriell and Pierce's panorama of colonial" scenery was exhibited' for the last time in the Mechanics' Institute, Ballarat, on Saturday night. The panorama was shown at the goldfields city during last week, and each evening the attendance of the pub-, | lie seemed to be on the increase. ; * Mr E. Langton has issued an address to the West Melbourne electors, announcing his in tention of contesting that constituency at the forthcoming general election. Mr B. S. Bradley, Principal of the Queen's | College, St. Kildo, it is stated, is likely to contest Stawcll with the hon. John Woods, at the next general election, in the Conserva tive interest. ' " A fatal accident happened at the Cornish claim, Daylesford, about nine on Thursday morning. Christopher Leggo was filling at the bottom of the shaft on the Crown reef, a depth of 250 feet, when some stones fell from a bucket being landed at the top. One struck Leggo on the back, and so severely injured him that he died soon after he was taken home. 'Judging from the folio wing telegram,' I which appears in the Cairns Advertiser of November 12th, the members for the dis- | trict of Cook. iu the Queensland Parliament,; are notheld in very great favor amongst the electors :—" Thoruborough, November 13th. Walsh aud Cooper were burnt in effigy here on Saturday last. The likenesses were striking. Walsh went elf like a squib ; but Cooper would not burn until a tin of kerosene was washed over him ; then he flamed up brilliantly. The exhibition. gave great satisfaction. Tho, effigies were loudly groaned." The following.' which we take from the Colac Reformer, is a fair specimen of the rub bish written for the smaller fry of the Oppo sition press :—" We are not blind to the fact that the Government did not start a candi date of its own against Mr Munro, but at the same time it must be remembered that the Ministry accepted and supported Mr Cur tain, and that Mr Curtain would have ac- j cepted the Ministerial Reform Bill. The Ministry would have started a candidate if they could have obtained, one that was likely to have the ghost of a chance, just as they would have started one for the coming election of Villicrs and Heyteabury, if they had one to start." We (Hallar at Courier) are informed by an eye-witneES that on Thursday evening the lobbies and rooms of Parliament House were almost crowded by visitors anxious to. learn, as soon as possible, the fate of the Reform Bill on the third reading. It was observed by our informant that whenever a member, sitting on the ministerial side, who was supposed to waver the least bit in his support of the bill, made his appearance outside the Assembly, he was button-holed, andoffered the Catholic vote at the next election if he would voto against the mea sure. A number of these touters -remained about the lobbies and room3 up to tho very time tho vote was taken. A man named Thomas Calialan, who for merly resided in Stawell, but who has re cently been working up-country, made an attempt on Thursday (tho P. C. News says) to alight from the train from Horsham to Stawell before the Deep Lead station was reached. Apparently fancying the engine driver was going too far, he took a header from a carriage window, and, with the pro verbial good fortune of men who have been imbibing, escaped serious injuries. He is bruised and cut about the face, but that is all. Constable Doyle brought him to Sta well last evening bound hand and foot,- and he was at once placed in tho lock- up, a straight-jacket being found necessary to re strain his violence. Bearing tho man might be hurt by the fall, Sergeant Harty called in Dr. A. Bennett, but ho found no hurt to bo sustained. In Cahalan's pockets were found two deposit receipts for sums amounting to £300, and £21 in notes and silver. He is very violent and appears to be suffering from de lirium tremens. The Taranaki Iierald of September 30th, says :—" A traveller who was on a journey from Hawera to New Plymouth was stopped on tho road, being unable to ford tho creeks near Parihaka on Friday last, owing to the heavy rains. He was met by some of the Parihaka natives, who kindly conducted him to the settlement and provided him with food aud shelter. Te Whiti was anxious that he should remain altogether at the settlement, and said he would be provided with a wife if he would only become a con vert and settle at Taranaki. Tho allure ments offered by Te Whiti, although very tempting, were not quite strong enough to ontice the wanderer, aud he thanked the prophet heartily, but said he had a pressing engagement at New Plymouth, and cnnla not tiierefore stay at Parihaka. Te Whiti allowed the traveller to rest until the next day, when the floods in the river had sub sided, and then sent some of his followers to conduct his guest safely ovor the worst por tion of the road." Mr Archibald Forbes lectured in tho Free Trade Hall, Manchester, on .his experiences in the Zulu war. A letter was received by him before ho began his lecture, warning him that if he cast any aspersion upon Cap tain Carey he would be pelted off the plat form. Mr Forbes, at the close of his lec ture, said that his having refrained from mentioning Captain Carey was not in con consequence of the receipt of the letter. In one or two isolated cases on the Wim mora we hear (writes tho Pleasant Creek Neics) that reaping has already commenced, and very many will commence during next week. At Callawadda a commencement will be made ou Monday next, and one by one the other parishes will follow suit. There is reason to believe that so far as the areas which line the Wimmera are concerned, as well as others to the northward, the yield will be good ; hut the same cannot be said of the majority of the ciopsjto tho eastward. Almost entire failures are to be met with here in some instances, although tho average to the whole district is confidently expected to be better than was the case last year. It is too early to definitely predict anything as to the probable average for the district, but some practical men assert that in no case can it be less than fifteen bushels all round, which is of course a considerable improve ment on last year. A8 theV.C. was 'making his eggs-it on Friday an egg-cited man, with a countenance eggspressive of eggsccssive eggasperation, hurled an'egg at the eye of the cggccllent Judge. Eggceediogly bad aim was takoD,' and the egg eggsploded eggaiust tho wall, the contents eggsuding. Eggstraordinary eggciteraent ensued, and tbc man was eggspe ditiously arrested, and placed before the V.U. for eggsamiuation. He. did:not eggs culpate himself, and tho Judge eggspedi tiously put an eggstinguishor on him, and eggsiled him from his presence to eggspiate I his crime by his eggsertion3 at Holloway. After which there was a general Eggsodus. The act was considered in the light of an ora-tion. Owing to indisposition theRev. A. David- | son, of Ryrie-street Presbyterian Church, was unable to deliver liis lecture on "Sab bath Observance " last eveuing. The Rev. A. J. Campbell occnpied Mr Davidson's pulpit. We have received the "Temperance Year Book Societies' Register and Directory for 1SS0." This is ono of the most useful an nuals published.. The interest of this year's publication is augmcntcd'by the number of illustrations given. ' Lambell's coaches for Loutit Bay will leave Birregnrra on Tuesdays and Fridays on arrival of tho morning train. This arrange ment will come into'force from thoTGth-in stant. Cobb and Co. annouuee that a coach will leave their office daily at 9.15 a.m. for. Moolap, Kensington, and Wallington,'re turning to Geelong in time for the midday traid from Melbourne. A meeting of the Hospital Sunday Com mittee, to divide tho funds collected among the charities, will bo held in the Mayor's room, Town Hall, at four o'clock to-morrow | afternoon. 