Facetio. Riatori in travelling nevor takos a slooping-oar. Sitting np is her tirod natnro's swoot Riaton. It is darkost jnst boforo day ; but Sambo says that is tho vory timo when aohiokon is tho widest awako. "Honesty is tho boat polioy, but it koopa aman vory poor, said Greggs, tho grooor, whilo ho wottod tho sugar without putting any sand in it. A visitor to an art gallory said, " I Uko tho atatoos bottor'n I do tho piotors. I kon go all 'round tho atatoos, but I kon soo only one sido of tho piotors." "How old aro youP" askod a oonduotor of a littlo girl who was trying to rido half faro. " I am 14 at homo, but in tho train l am only just turnod ll." An obsorving politician says that tho difforonoo betwoon those going in and out of ofllco ia mainly this; Tho former aro Bworn in and tho lattor go out swearing. A oat has aohiovod a kitten with five hoads, and wo oan imagino how awoot it will bo wbon that oat attains its majority, to havo it to sit on tho baok of tho wal and ooihniuno with itself. A man who oan stand a great grief and conceal it, and hug it to his bosom, and go smiling round tho world, can't conceal his omotion when a fly lights on his noso whilo the barber is Boraping his throat. Young Wife : " I wish you'd lot mo go with you to tho city to-morrow, Prod. ' ' Young Husband ¡ ' « Why, mylovoî" YoungWifo: " Beoauso'I should BO liko, juat for once, to take a walk through tho monoy markot." , "Sam, said ono little urchin to another, "Sam, doos your schoolmaster over give you any rewards of morit?" "I s'poso ho doos," was tho reply; "ho gives mo a liokin* rogular every day, and Bays I morit two." Atravollor, going to bod, was surprised to soo a ghost, which-or who-in a sopulohral tono hogan, .1 am tho spiiit of ono who was foully murdered hero." " That's no business of mino," said tho travellor, turning round on his pillow ; "apply to tho propor quartors. Good night. " Ono of our moßt loarnod mon of soionoo has worn his hoad nearly bald trying to invont a machine that would calculate with ßomo kind of accuracy tho difforonoobotwoon thowoight of a fish when it is first takon out of tho water and whon it gots into tho nowspaporB. An editor wroto a leading artiolo on tho fair sex, in tho oourso of which ho ;said, "Girls of Bovonteon cr oighteen aro fond of beaux." When tho paper was issued, ho was rather shocked to discover time an un fortunate error bad mado him say, " Girls of sovon toon or eightoon aro fond of beans." A Gorman-American' patriot returning to tho old country, shod toaTS as his adopted land fadod from bisview. "Ameriga OOB do boat goundry in da yorld," ho remarked. "I haf vailod dhreo dimes, und now I leaves-it to sphond mino vortuno mid my vamily." Nervous old gontloman to watohmakor t "No, nono of them will do. I want a watoh that won't go tiok I tack ! tiok I taok ! all night long. I hato to hoar a watoh tick, for it koops mo awake."-Watohmakor s "Ah ! I seo, Bir. > Yon want ono of tho Vtlent watohon of tho night.' I don't koop 'em." "Yes, said tho witness, "I do romembor tho de fendant's mothor orying on tho occasion referred to. Sho was weeping with her left oyo-tho only ono sbo has- and tho tears were running down her right chook." " What I" exclaimod tho judge, " how could that bo?" " If your honour ploaso," said tho wit ness, " Bho was awful oross-oyod." "Do you fool any pain this morning, dear " said a thoughtful wife to her husband. "Pain ! No !" ho Baid, loftily. "Why: should I ?" "Well you rolled down two pairs of stairs last night, when yon carno homo from tho dinner party, and I had to got James to help mo to carry you up. I thought you felt «oro maybo." "Rushof blood to tho hoad," ho said. "I'll go and got some mediomo immediately, before I oat a bit of breakfast. I'm glad you told mc, Catherine." Rovorenco.-Master Colvillo rcooived a prizo lost Friday afternoon for a composition on " Reverenco," and further distinguished himself in tho ovening, on tho occasion of tho pastor's visit, by shutting tho tails of tho dominie's coat in tho parlour door, and impelling him to leavo thom there by introducing a pin in his chair. Tho pastor roturned homo with a cloud on his brow, and ono of Colvillo'a coats on his back, leaving Master Colville executing a hornpipo in tho wood-shed under tho auspices of his father. Ono Mrs. Van Aukon, of San Prano sco, installed a Chinaman in hor kitchen. The following conversa tion took place. "(What is your narao, sir?" asked Mrs. Van Auken. "Ob, my namco Ah Sin Foo." " But I can't romomber all that lingo, my man, I'll call you Jimmy." "Volley wello. Now whaohco namco I callee you ?" uBkod Ah Sin, looking up in sweet simplicity. " Well, my namo is Mrs. Van Aukon; call mo that." " On,_ mo cnn no 'mombol Miss Yanno Aukon ! Too big piccoo namco. I calico yon Tommy-Missec Tommy. Tho other morning the hoad of tho family, who ia deaf and uses an ear trumpet, thoucht ho heard a torriblo clatter in tho street, and miming to tho wall, hastily put tho littlo end of tho trumpet in his ear, and rested the big ond on tho wall. Tho bolatcd ven dor of lacteal fluid had just drivon up, mistook tho wind instrument for tho regular pitchor, poured a quart of milk into it, and drovo rapidly away, which accounts for tho milk in tho dcat man's cocoanut. Ho didn't hear anything much, but tho milkman would if ho had waited & moment. 