UNDER ONE ROOF : AN EPISODE IN A FAMILY HISTORY. CHAPTER XHL TSE FIR8TBLOW. BY JAMES PAYN. Author of " Lost 8b Massingberd," " By Proxy," &c.; It was not very long after breakfast, and while Mr. George Gresham was completing on the terrace behind the hall that second cigar which his new cares and dangerous position had rendered necessary—for without tobacco bow would some people contrive to think ?—when Milly Nicoll came oat to him, not trippingly as usual, bnt gliding like a ghost, and with quite a serious expression of countenance. "George, dear, there are plots in the air," said she. "And I don't think yon will see your friend, Mr. Mayne, on this side of Christmas." "What do yon mean, Milly? I -hare my ancle's permission to invite him." " You mean you bad it. Mr. -Walcot, however* " Confound his meddling," ejaculated Gresham, prescient of what was coming. "By all means,*' said Milly, "if that can be done. He has persuaded mamma that papa is not in a state of health to receive visitors, And you can therefore guess the next step." "He is the mtet impertinent wretch!" exclaimed Graham, passionately. " Oh, George, how can yoa use such words ? If I had known yon would be so angry I would not iiave been the one to tell yon this bad news. 2 was afraid it would annoy yon" " Annoyance is no. word for it, Milly. Of course it is a disappointment to me, bat that is •nothing -to the: indignation I feel against the person who has caused it. I will go to my uncle at once, and ask whether in future I am to •consider him or Mr. Walcot the master of this house." "You would gain nothing by that motion, -George. Bat if you are very anxious to see your friend at Halcombe" " Well, of coarse I am; bat long before the post goes oat a reto will be pat upon my asking Sum." " Just BO. Bat there is a horse in the stable, and you know how to ride, I belitve." "It is not a sea-horse, that I can ride to Boulogne upon, Milly." "No, bat you can ride to Mirton, and tele- . graph to Boulogne, Milly." " Excellent girl !" cried Gresham rapturously; if you were a little better looking I could find it in my heart to kiss you." " He is the most impertinent wretch!" exclaimed the young lady, as if to space, and •mimicking the fiery tone as well as the words of her companion. " Seriously, Milly, I am charmed with your •sagacity, and I am sore it will please Mayne to hear that you had so set your heart on seeing liim that you devised this scheme. I'll be off at •once." " Now that is so like a man," observed Milly sardonically; " first, in the gratitude, and secondly, the want of intelligence. Why, you're actually going to the stables by the front of the house." " True, I will go by the back way. You are an angel, Milly, with the wisdom of the serpent added." "And look here, George," added she, as he -was hurrying away, " if yoa are very anxious about your friend's coming, yoa had better prepay his message back. " When he has said * I'll come,' papa can scarcely say, he is not to •come." " An excellent notion, my dear girL You are MachiaveUi!' " I'll tell papa if yoa call me such names as 4hat," replied die young lady demurely. "She'4s too clever by half; I shall pity her husband," dud Gresham to himself, as he passed through the garden gate. We have said that on the moorland above Hal combe therewere no trees; on the extreme edge of the cliff; .on the Mirton side of the village, there was, however, a notable exception to this circumstance. A long though narrow plantation of Scotch firs had been planted there by some previous tenant of the hall, to which it formed a most picturesque approach. For more than a mile the traveller could ride or drive in .shelter, while enjoying the most exquisite flimpses of marine scenery. It was called " The Wilderness," and was the favourite haunt of the •children of the village. ~ It was still early in the afternoon when Gresham arrived at the entrance of this grove on his return journey. The wind had dropped, and only sighed through the branches ef the trees, like an echo of the waves beneath. The sweet breath of the pines, the warmth of the shelter they afforded after the open moorland road were so grateful to the traveller that he almost drew rein as he entered The Wilderness, and came through it at a foot pace. Notwithstanding his familiarity with the scene, this was now the case with Gresham, though it is doubtful whether the slackening of his speed was solely due to the attractions of Nature. As he reached this first jut of home it was natural that the consideration of his position there, and of his future prospects, should have suggested themselves, and a gallop, which had hitherto •been his pace, is-no aid to reflection. He was still foil of indignation against Walcot, but he perceived how dangerous it would be to give expression to it, considering the obvious increase of that person's influence with Sir Bobert since he (Gresham) had left home, and especially in view of his own relations with Euse If these should be discovered, they would afford a dangerous weapon, indeed, to the hand of such an unscrupulous foe. •Gresham knew that he was solely dependent upon Sir Bobert, but, to do him justice, that was not the consideration which most affected his thoughts. He was attached to his ancle by lioad) of affection as well as of gratitude, and feared his displeasure at least as much as its material consequences. He was well aware, too, that there were weak points in Sir Robert's character, quite apart from his infatuation with : respect to his brother-in-law; that, with all his kindness of heart, and indolence, he would at times assert himsdf in quite a despotic manner; that «™Jl annoyances—such as a nephew's not being down in time for morning prayers—put him oat excessively; that ridicule of any subject in which lie took an interest highly exasperated him; and that certain derelictions from moral duty had in his eyes the blackness of crimes. First among these was the vice of deception. " If you will only be open With me, George," his one'e used to say to him as a boy," all will be well between us, bat never try to deceive me." George woald perhaps have been open with him now if he had only had his uncle to deal with; he knew that he disliked tobe thwarted in anything on which he had set his mind, and that he would especially resent any change of bis supposed intentions as regarded Evelyn; but he would have thrown himself on his uncle's generosity, and bared Ida heart to him—bat not for that daw, Ferdinand Walcot, to peck at. He could foresee, only too well, how he and his love would fare, should he venture to confess it under present circumstances, and therefore he resolved to conceal it. Immersed in these reflections, he came suddenly at a turn in the winding road upon Blise herself, accompanied by Frank. His heart leapt .up for joy, bat he was too prudent to express it except by the welcome in hiseyes. A boy is always a dangerous third party in such interviews, and especially a sharp boy like Master Frank. A certain proverb about " little pitchers having long ears" passed through Graham's mind, succeeded by the consolatory reflection, " that the longest ear that ever British boy wore cannot understand an unknown tonsue; Elise and I will talk German." Their salutation^ however, were made in English, and Elise informed him that the boy had undertaken to act as her cicerone to the beauties of Halcombe, whereupon Gresham, who had swung himself from his horse, and hitched the bridle under his arm, patted Frank on the head with genuine approbation. The lad, generally quick to appreciate the least kindness of his elders, said never a word, never even stretched forth his hand—a mecha- • nioal impulse, one would have thought, to every boy of his age—to pat the mare. • " Why, Frankie, what's the matter? You lookglum, as if you'd lost sixpence irrevocably." « There is" nothing the matter," said the boy, with nervoas haste, "nothingat all." J "There is,"observed Elise, in German. "I never met with a child of his years so dreadfully out of spirits." " It is not usual with him," answered Gresham, indifferently. "Something has probably gone wrong with his lessons. What a blessed thought it was that prompted him to bring you here; otherwise I know not when I should have had the chance of a word with you. How do you like Halcombe—or rather the Halcombe foliar"' "They are kindness itself," she answered earnestly. " So kind that my conscience pricks me to think that I should be playing any part here that is not an honest one." "It is not dishonest, darling; and it will not last long, for they will all soon come to know your woith, and to welcome you as one of themselves." Elise shook her head. " Yon are too sanguine. If I had known what sort of life your people lead—so far above everything that I have witnessed in my own country, and all of them to the manner born— I should have felt it-impossible that I could ever link my lot with yours; if I could have foreseen the consideration and kindness with which I have been treated by them one and all, I would have refused to repay their hospitality with a deceit, however innocent." " It is not a deceit, my darling; it is only a concealment, and even that would be unnecessary if we had only them to deal with. I say, if my uncle and people were alone concerned, I would make a clean breast of it to- day, and leave the question of my love to be judged by their own good hearts. But did I not warn you that I nave an enemy here ? Do yoa know Who it is ?" "Of course I do," she answered, bmiling sweetly; "if I did not I might hope tint I was fancy free." (Elise, like others of her race, had learnt her English with Shakespeare's aid). "But because you have won my heart, my senses are keen to all that concerns you. On, yes, I have seen that man's face fixed on yours when you knew it not, and it means mischiefruin, if he can compass it." " You have read him like a book. There are some natures which we must combat in their own way, or submit to be overcome by them. We muBt meet the serpent with the wisdom of the serpent. He has not heard you talking English, I trust*' " No; but I have heard him," answered she, naively. " He lias persuaded Lady Arden that Sir Bobert's invitation to your friend—which Eeemed to give you such pleasure this morning— chould be revoked. However, there is some one coming; what will be thought of our walking together thus ?" "No matter; Frankie will explain it. It is my uncle himself—and his shadow," The two figures, which had been partially hidden by the trees, came into full view. "There is TJncle Ferdinand," cried Frank. "Oh dear, oh dear!" "Well, what of him," exclaimed Gresham, with irritation. " He won't bite our noses off. What's the matter with the boy ? He looks as pale as death." "There is nothing the matter," cried Frank, with the same anxious earnestness. "Indeed there is not; oh pray don't tell him there is." " Very good, I'll be as dumb as that fir cone. But in return, Frankie, you must tell my uncle how you came to be here with Miss Hurt, else he will think, perhaps, she has been straying out of bounds ; don't you see?" " Yes, yes," answered the boy, evidently not troubling himself with the reason for this request,;" I will say anything you please to papa. And George, dear George, if Mr. Walcot should wish me to go to school, don't let Tpp-mma or my sisters vex him any more by their objections. I would rather, much rather, go to school." Gresham stared at the boy in astonishment— for it was clear that he was ina state of terror; but his own concerns were just then too pressing to" admit of any questioning. The two men were now drawing very near; Sir Bobert as usual with him, partly from a certain hypochondriacal idea that Ida steps wanted support, and partly from the sense of dependence always experienced in the other's society, was leaning on his brother-in-law's arm, who apparently was speaking rapidly in his ear. " Don't forget what you are to say, Frankie," whispered Gresham, hurriedly, and then the two parties met. Sir Bobert looked grave, but, with a courtesy that never forsook him when speaking to one of the opposite sex, expressed his hope that The Wilderness had found another admirer in Miss Hurt. It is very, very beautiful, Sir," said she, and was about to add that she was indebted to Master Frank for her introduction to it, but her pride forbade it. If her employer chose to impute any other cause for her presence in that spot he might do so. Sir Bobert attributed her hesitation to her imperfect knowledge of the English tongue. "That is a curious way of taking horse exercise, George," observed he drily;" to go on foot, and lead your nag." 4 1 1 had been out for a ride, Sir, on the moor, and meeting Miss Hurt and Frankie in the wood I joined them." It was I who brought Miss Hurt to see The j Wilderness," said Frank, his delicate face flashing from chin to brow; " I was showing her over the grounds." Quite right, lad, quite right," said Sir Robert, patting his head, but speaking absently. He had got something unpleasant to say, a circumstance which always weighed npon his miud till it was done with. " By- the-bye, George, I have got sometning to say to you, which I fear will cause you disappointment. It is with regard to your friend Mayne—the fact I"—here he looked uneasily towards his brother-in-law. "I am sure it will not be necessary, Arden, to go into particulars with your nephew," put in Mr. Walcot, smoothly. "The fact is, Mr. Gresham, your uncle is for from well, and the presence of any visitor just now—being a stranger too"- " No, no," interrupted Sir Bobert, petulantly, " it is not that -lam well enough. But perhaps at some other time, if it's the same to Mr. Mayne. It isn't as if he knew about it, a|id we were putting him off, you see. " Well, unfortunately, Sir, he docjknow about it," answered Gresham drily. "Directly yoa were so good as to ask him—knowing what pleasure he would have in coming to Halcombe, and also that his movements were apt to be sudden—I telegraphed to him at Bologne, from which placed he has wired back to say he will be at Arch ester in two days." Mr. Walcot turned pale with passion. "Quick as may be your friend, Mr. Mayne's, movements, I suppose a message could still reach him by the wire to put off his coming?" "Not unless the wire was attached to MB yacht " returned Gresham, coolly, "as you may see for yourself." And he drew from his pocket the return telegram, and placed it in Mr. Walcofs hands. "Was about to start for Folkestone, but am now off for Arches ter, which is the nearest port to Halcombe. A thousand thanks to your uncle. Shall be with you on Friday with great pleasure." "You seem to be somewhat precipitate in your invitations," said Mr. Walcot, biting his lip. "Not at all; it I had been an hour later I should have missed my friend." " I did not mean that, Sir" " Well, well, no matter," broke in Sir Bobert, " there is no harm done, George. Your friend will be very welcome. Mr. Walcot, let us go on." And he lifted his hat to the governess, and moved slowly away. " It is horrible," ejaculated Gresham when the pair were oat of earshot; " my nncle is growing a dotard before his time, thanks to that sycophant and scoundrel. However, he has been done this time; the electric telegraph is certainly a great institution." Elise glanced at the boy, and then reproviagly at Gresham. "Oh, Frankie knows what I think of Uncle Ferdinand," he answered lightly. Here a sharp, authoritative cry of "Frank, Frank," was heard behind them. It was Mr. Walcot's voice. The boy started off like a dog that hears its master's whistle. When he overtook the two men Walcot held out his hand in a kindly manner, as it seemed; but when his fingers closed over the lad's they gave a warning grip, " Look here, Frankie; you said just now that it was you who asked Miss Hurt to take a walk in the wood. Did any one tell you to say that?" " But it was really me who" The fingers closed upon him like a vice. "Be so good as to answer my question. Did any one bid yoa tell your papa to say that it was at your invitation that Bliss Hurt was here ?" The boy trembled like a leaf as he answered, " Yes, Mr. Walcot. George told me to say so; but it really was" "That will do ; take this book back with you. If George or Miss Hurt ask you what you were wanted for, say that I brought it out by mistake and wished to get rid of it; and say nothing about the other matter." Before the boy was gone he turned to his brother*in-law and said, significantly, "I was right, you see, Arden: They met by appointment, without doubt." Sir Bobert struck his stick into the sandaud moved on in sombre silence. We have seen at Mr. H. Steiner's, Watchmaker and Jeweller, of Bundle-street, Letters of Congratulation from the principal booses in the Trade, both "English and Continental, on his splendid exhibit of Jewellery and Silversmith's work at the Paris Exhibition. Amongst them are letters from the eminent firms of T. Bussell & Son, Chronometermakers to Her Imperial Majesty the Queen of England; James Dixon & Son; Goldsmith Alliance Company, Limited; and Martin Hall & Co. We also learn that Mr. Steiners goods were largely purchased by the august personages visiting the Exhibition. The Duchess de Magenta (wife of the President of the French) and the Prince of Saxe- Cobuig Gotha both purchased largely, saying that as works of art the exhibits were worthy souvenirs of the World's Great Fair. Mr. Steiner has now on view a splendid assortment of Diamond and other Jewellery of the latest and most fashionable designs. Also, Gold and Silver Watchns. inst arrived from the Best English aa& Continental maker* TWc { 