FIOTIOW. From nu B1! American, und uÜtcr Periodical Who Was Gallty? CHAPTER XXVI. I'M NOT THE HAWKE«. The easy Mr. lîuîbline, taken unawares, staggered bei'6<.th Mauiice Pellev?'s hi'rd giip, and uttered a Bucc.Esion of oaths in a choked voice. " Hang it ! is this the woy to arrest a gentleman P' he cied. " Let mo go, I tell you, I am not resisting the law. I'm ready enough to go to Curaitor street in a coach, in a genteel way," " I'm no bailiff," said Mauiice, in great disgust, The duse you are not!" returned Mr. Eathlin9. "Then what do 5ou mean, sir, by attacking aman in this manner P" " I mean that I intend to hand you-over to a con- stable on a charge felony," returned Maurice, sternly. Mr. Itathline's countenance expressed an aston- ishment pust words, but after a moment's dismayed silence he burst into a coarse laugh, " Then you have mistaken yourj man, sir, that's all," he said. " I confess I don't reckon myself amona the snin'a, but I have always kept my neck out ot danger ' A crowd of ostlers, post-boys,and waiters gathered around, and bi>n.-.n now to pour BO many ques- tions on Maurice that he felt annoyed at his own precipitancy. " What is the matter ?" cried one. What has he done ? What do you mesn by seizing a peaceable man like this P" cried nuother. " Upon my word, he doesn't know himself!" ex cl.iirned Mr. Rukline, shaking himself free, as Maurice relaxed his hold on his collar. " I'll have you up for an ,;psnulr, sir." " Then porhips, I shall be able to prove my charge better thun you will yours," returned Maurice, calmly. "Do you know anything of a certain hawker, last seen in the wood of Crehy 11B P" The question caused a sudden and remarkable change in Mr, Rathline's handsome face. His jaw felt, and his eyes grew fixed, ei her in terror or est inichment, " May I ask who you are P" he said to Maurice, in a very low voice. " Oce doesn't answer queer ques- tion?, put in an inn-yard, by unknown individuals." ' I am Maurice Pullew, of the Inner Temple, bar Tister-Bt-law," he replied. "Then, sir, although your mann« of accosting a gentleman is not agreeable," returned Mr. Rathline, assuming his old ease with rather too much swagger, I am nevertheless willing to give you a few moments of my valuable time, if you will order a private room and a pint of sherry." Tin's being done, Maurice rather started Mr. Rath line, on the waiter's departure, by locking the door, and i utting thu key in his pocket. " What do you mean by that, sir P" ho demanded angrily, " I mean," replied Maurice, " that I do not intend that you shall leave this room until you inform me how you became possessed of a certain hawker's kt¡ap«ock, be .ring the name of ' Nathaniel Strang- way s, licensed hawker.' " The swaggerer drank a glass of sherry at one gulp, and bending across tho table, beleMied tis iinpudeat frtce ou hit hjiida, saj ing, carelessly : "And whatom I to (¿et, Mr, Pellew, hy answering your question P" '. That will depend very much upou your answer," said Maurice. " At all events, I can tell you what you will avoid." " Fr.iy let rae hear wlmt P" returned Mr. Rathline, -with much ease, " I am a fellow ever ready to receive inUrniution," " Vuu will most lik'ely avoid a halter," said Mau- rice ; " for it is my fixed intention, unless you reply satisfactorily to my questions, to hand you over to he watch on a charge of murder," Mr, Kathlin« whittled, then btretched out his hand for the sherry. " 1 caii't say I have been altogether a pattern in this virtuous age," he observed ; " but murder, re- garded as a science, hu s been too high a flight for my lowly genius. May I request to know whose highly respectable and ¡.amtly soul I am supposed to havt) sent to Hua ven ?" " I beliüva tho man was a greater ecoundrel oven tUn yourself, ii that be possible," returned Mau- rice, with inùi^untion. " 1 accuse you ot slaying a villuin named Mathew Carbis, and of indirectly iCuUsing the death of au innocent gentleman, Walter Sherborne.; AB Maurice uttei ed these usines, a palpable yet I indescribable change passed over Mr. Rathline, It was as though some invieible shadow were lifted from bim; his assumed ess« grew more real, and' his natural swagger «sserled itself with an iiicroRsed impudence " You do not appear to be aware," he si.id, with a smile on his over-red lips, " that Mathew Carbi« and I were first cousins-aimrst brothors, ia fact-hav- ing been brought up by our mutual grandmother an estimable old lady, whose death is th» only as- sassination I have on my snow; conscience. I re' J gret to say I locke 1 her up one night in her sedan chair, and left her at tho street door till morning, and she died, sir, of that inujceut freak of mine." I " Your jests are exceedingly offensive to me," said I Maurice, in disgust. "You can relats your family I anecdotes in more genial companionship, Mr. j Rathline. I have only to remark, with regard to I your relationship to Mathew Cartis, that I believe Cain killed Abel." "Sir, I am aware that unhippy gentleman had that misfortune," returned the ea*y Mr. Rathline " and I assure you he has always h-:d my sympathy. Allow me to obsrrve, however, that Mtfhew was altogether too Cunning 6 fellow to permit me to knock him on the head." "Even if you were disguised as hanker?" asked Maurice, fixing his eyes on him keenly. Mr. Rathline did not wines in the least. "It is a disguise I have never tried," he said carelessly ; " it is open to objections. The pack, for instance, might be heavy ; than again, hawkers walk. I never sr.w a hawker on horseback ; and I dislike extremely to walk iu a world where animals with four IegB are created for the express conve- nience of those with only two." "All tbiB talk is but shuffling," cried Maurice losing his temper. " I require a categorial answer' How did you become postessed of ih.it knapsack ?'> " IB a hawker's pack such a very singular pi^co of goods to be possessed of, Mr. Pellew ?" BBked Mr, Rathline, after emptying a t'aird glass of sherry down his brazen throat. I "Decidedly it is," ssid Maurie», " when that pack ¡ bears the name of a mnn whom I suspect t) bave committed a foul murder." A slight yellow «hade paled the red on Mr. Rath line's ft ce, and again he stretched out his hancl to- ward the decanter; but Maurice drew it out of his reach, "Pardon me,Mr. Rathline, I awiit your reply,' he BBid, sternly. " My reply is, that I deny the possession of such a piece of furniture as a hawker's knapsack, and 1 don't understand what you aro talking of." So saving, Vr. Rithline thow himself back de- fiantly ou his chair, and smiled triumphantly at Maurice, who rose immediately, and put his hand upon the bell. "You appesr to think that I am not in earnest," he said, calni'y ; " but you will And I am, If I toach this bell, Mr. Rathline, it will ba to send for a con- stable. A watchn in is always doss at hand outside this hotel " At this, Mr, Rathline lookel somewhat disco ni fited, " It wo ild be a very disagreeable thing for a gen- tleman m d fheuUies to find himaelf in quod" he observed, rarcle«slj , " for although I am asmnoc°nt as a sucking dove of all crimes and misdemeanors I have always a hundred v. nts flying about my head, and the bailiffs would be down upon me liko an unwashed nrmy of vultures You would not feel disposed, I »resuma, to become my b ul ior a thousmd 01 so, if you are the m ians of getting me arrested P" " Hardly," replied Maurice "Then j ou perceive, Mr. Pellew, j ou are dealing unfairly with me," said Mr. Rathline "Yru tale advantage of my po i ion i.s a poor and honorable gentleman, in debt for neeessrries tuppaed to a be loved wife and children, in older to wiing informa- tion from me which I mas tike to a better market '» "To a better niarkef P" repea ed Maurice. " And to whom, sir, pray ?" " Why, to Miss Sherborne, for instance," he re- plied. " Perhaps she, too, wai-ts to And the hawker who crept through the wood of Crehylle on the day Mathew C .rbis died. Why should I not go to hei P She'll marry Ton Singleton soon, and have money." "You ara mistaken," said Maurice, striving to speak calmly. " Miss Sherborne will certainly not mvrry Mr. Singleton." "She cortaiuly will," rereattd Mr, Rathline, of- fensively. " She is just the girl to piesse Turn stunningly handsome, and pr^ui as a white ele- phant-and if Bhe pleases him, he'll have her. Tom is a fellow who always gets his own way." Maurice could scarcely restrain his anger to the end of this speech, "Ton will have the goodness not to mention Miss Bberborne's nsme," he said, with his face at a white heat, " I niBy say she is handsome, I suppose," responded the cool Mr. Ratbline. "You do not know Miss Sherborne," exclaimed Maurice, indignantly. " I beg your pardon," Baid Mr. Rathline, " I SBW her at Liskeard the other diy, and proposed that we should come up to town in the same post chaise ; but not believit.g I was a relation, she declined," The easy insolence of Mr. Ratbline's manner, es he said this, so exasperated Maurice that he fouud no words in which to reply. " Ah, you are surprised to hear I was down in Cornwall," continued Mr. Rathtino. " And a very disappointing journey it was, too. Lord Crehylls run away, no one knows where-though some say he has got MU? Sylvester with him (you know who she ia, I suppose?) and others declare he is at the bottom of tb i sea, gone down in the revenue cutter. Then Mr. Lanyon was so ill that when at last I did get speech «ith him, he would not hear a single word I had to say ; and no sooner do I mention Walter Sherborne than he falls down with a para- lytic stroke, and I see my gf.me is up in that quar- ter ; so there is nothing left for me but to return to the bosom of my domestic bliss, in tue hope of s'.riUing a bargain with the lovely Miss Sheiborne." Mnurico's patience held out lo this; then be seized the swaggerer by the collar, and shook him till ho was giddy ; after which he trust him into a chair and held him down by both hands. " I understand nothing of tbe tirade of falseholds j ou have beeu uttering," he said, fierculy. "I re- quire only an answer from you ; it ia that alone to which I will listen. How did you £ot that knap snck ?" " It is not Olino," gasped the breathie:a Mr. Rath- line, "No, not now," retumeu Maurice; "beciuse I have bought it of your miserable wife," " Did she dara to s 11 it ?" exclaimed Mr. Rathline, rousing his giddy faculties. " How dtired she dis- pose of her husband's property ? A husband's property is not a wift's-it is his own-it is sacred in the eyes of fie law. I; is robbery if a jroman presumes-" "Cease!" cried Maurice, angrily. It seems you forget how you sold your wife's gooda the other day." " Tnat's lawful," gurgled Mr. Rathline. " A wife's effects are her husband's, I'll briug an action against you." A tighter twist on his rollar silenced him. Angry as ho was, Maurice felt greatly tempted to pommel the miserable coward to a jelly, and it required an immense effort to refrain from striking him. " Now liston," said Maurlee. " I'll let you 6peak only to answer mj question. If you attempt to say anything else I (hall quiet you thus." Maurice had a strong hand, and it would have given Tom Singleton infinite pleasure could he have seen the play it made on the neck of his amiable father-in-law. " Your wife told me," continued Miirurlco, " that she married you about fifteen years ago, she being then a widow, in good circuDistances ; and you were introduced to her by a scoundrel called Mathew Cartis, who was a frend, or pretended friend, of Mr. and Mrs, Sherborne. Are you following me. The frightened Mr, Rathline, with all his coolness gone, gave forth an inarticulate affirmative, "No sooner were you married than you ill-used and robbed youï, wife," resumed Maurice ; i¡ and it was your custom, after wringing a large sum of money for her, to disappear for six months at a time, After one of these disappearances, you re- turned home with this hawker's pack. You related no history to account for your potsession of this article; aild, coward und tyrant as you are, no one dared question you ; but demanding of your wife the date of that visit of yours to your unhappy household, I found it was just one month after the murder of Mathew Carbis, Now, villain, speak 1" Maurice released his checking grip of Mr, Rath line's throat, but that amiable gentleman was BO aghast at his wife's delinquency that for a moment he still remained breathless, "I'll teach her to give gratuitous information about me 1" ho gasped, indignantly. " I'll let her know-" But the grasp was on his collar ng-in, and with hands outspread feebly, he was fain to say, in dumb show, the he was ready to speak to the point, " To begin with," said he, breathlessly, " I am not the hawker," "I dou'e doubt that," returned Maurice; "from the account I have received of the man, I believe you to be too young for him," " And I swear to you," resumed Mr. Rathline, " I never set eyes on Nathaniel Strange ways in all my life. The way I got the pack was just this j I went down to Bristol to see a friend of mine, and in an old out-house I saw the knapsack, and asked my friend how it came there, ' Hang it, man,' he an- swered, ' how it got here is more than I can say, Well, all the country being roused then about tüe murder of my cousin, end knowing there was some talk of a hawker who was missing, my friend and I examined the pack, and found it marked with the very name of the missing man, Nathaniel Strangways. This so startled me, that I made inquires of the servants forthwith, und then heard that they had found the pack three days ago, flung over the wall into the garden, And that is all they or we ever knew." "Do you mean to affirm,' cried Maurice, "that you did not place the aff drina magistrate's hands ?" "No," replied Mr, Rathline, "we wore not quite such tools. We fought shy of justice, you see, on our own accounts. And news coming soon after that Walter Sherborne wus dead, I saw no use in putting my own he,.d into a trap just to oblige his ghost." " So no efforts were made to trace the hawker ?" ssid Maurice, in indignation. "fiot by my friends, the justices," returned Mr. Rathline ; " but my own efforts have been most ex- emplary and preeevering, I have quite ¿evoted my life to the bunting down of that scamp, I have really sacrificed all my prospects to the cause of justice." The cool ease and impudence of the mau had re- turned to him, and in all their effrontery, and be eat sv imping his handsome leg carelessly, admiring the shapely boot in which it was encased. "You cannot expect me to believe any of this story without some better proof than your word,'» observed Maurice, eying him with grim disgust. "So 1 fear I must make you acquainted with a Bow street officer, Mr. Rathline." " Don't hurry yourself," roturned Mr. Rathline, coolly. " Hear mv proofs first. The principal one is, that when I quitted my dear friend's lodgings I took the knapsack with me-stole it, in fact-and I have kept it ever since-that is, until Mrs. Rathline unlawfully disposes of her husband's property, and thereby lays hi-rself open to a charge of felony. Now, why should I keep that knapsack through al the vicissitudes of fortune unless I had a purpose ?" " And that purpose ?" said Maurice. '. Is twofold, sir," replied Mr. Rathline. " Firstly, to find the owner of the pack ; secondly, to make money by it." The villain's words were BO plausible, so likely to be true, that 'Maurice listened with more faith in bim than heretofore. "You appear to be speaking frankly now," re- sumed Maurice ; " but I observed you have not mentioned the name ef your Bristol friend. Pray who is he, and where is he P" " Of bis whereabouts, sir," said the cool Mr. Rath- line, " I regret to say I am ignorant ; but if he has received his deserts, I would suggest that his present ad:rsss ought to be found somowhere in the precincts of Botany Bay. As for his namo that is my Beeret, and I decline to part with it." " You mean unless you are paid for it ?'' obsorved Maurice. "Exactly so, Mr. Pellew," replied Mr. Rathline. " I perceive we are beginning to understand each other. H'tberto you must acknowledge you have bad a disagreeable way of expresing yourself. When an individual feels a gentleman's hands about his throat, he considers that rather strong language ; he deems himself ill-used, he wanta compensation, and if he possesses information which it would be agree- able to the other to receive, be finds himself with a stronger inclination to withold than to impart it ; unle'8, indeed, the gentleman who has injuired him can show that it will be for his advantage to express that inclination ; then, of course, being himself also a gentleman, he is amenable to reason." " And what are your ideas of reason, Mr. Rathline ?'. asked Muurica. " Well, sir, they aro rather high nt present," ro plied Mr, Rathline. " I have juit had an expensive journey and an annoying disappointment-two itsaiB which I must add to the sum total of reasons which I should require of you," "I cannot see what your journeys or disappoint- ments have to do with ihe mitter," said Maurice. " Pardon HIP, Mr. Pellew," returned Mr. Rathline, "they have ovoithiug to do with it, since both were incurred and undertaken in this Sherborne business I h^d good eau e to believe that Mr. Lanyon, or Lord Cre'iylls, or both, would be interested in ascertaining the innocence of Walter Sherborne; so I cramp my limbs, and injure my digestion and my pock-t, by a long journey into the land of wrecliors, and there I find Lord Crebylls is gone to the bottom of the sea, and Mr. Lanyon, as I had the honor to inform you, parts with his senses the moment I enter on my business. This last circumstance is a grant loss and disappointment to me, and to whom can I look for reimbuuemtnt but to you ?" "I can understand that you might have got money from Mr. Lanyon," said Maurice ; " so we will count your disappointment there as real ; the other is imaginary. Lord Crehylls could certainly have no interest in the murder of your cousin, Carbis." Mr, Rathline smiled, and his lips twiched, c8 though he enjoyed some jest entirely to himself. " Perhaps you are mistaken, perhaps you are not," he returned, coolly. " At all events I charge it as an item, although I shall, of course, in naming the Bum, have due regard to the difference between your circumstances and his," "And sappose," said Maurice, "I refuse you ar.y payment ?" " In that case, I refuse all information," replied Mr. Rahtine. '"Nothing for nothing' is ft mott* that runB round the world," "And suppose aga'.-^» resumed Maurice, " that I am acquainted, with a person who knows the real culprit f " Mr, Rathljne's earless countenance for one in- stant took ah aspect Pf astonishment and dismay; then he rallied suddenly. " You try ¡ten cleverly," he sai j, in an easy wfty. " You aro mistaken," returned Maurice ; " I am not ' trying it on' I have very lately seen a person, perfectly veracious, perfectly honorable, who has f.'ssured me that the true murderer of Mathew Car bis is known." Something in this speech restored to Mr, Rathline his entire self-possession. " And, according to your informant, the guilty person is not the hawker," he observed. " I acknowledge you aro right in that supposi- tion," said Maurice. " Exactly so," responded Mr. Rathline, triumph- antly. "And now I think, if you are in earnest, you will allow me to name my terms1, Mr. Pellew, for the sum of five hundred pounds I will divulge to you alii know respecting the missing hawker Nathaniel Strangways. Further, I must have the kiDg's pardon for whatever comfort or connivance I have given to the felon since the commission of his crime, Next, I must be employed to hunt him down myself, being allowed my travelling and other expensas in the chase." "That last is a singular clause, Mr. Rathline," said Maurice. " May I ask your reason for naming it?" " ^atrcd, sir, sheer hatred," he replied; "that is the reason, He has been rich, I have been poor. He has had an assured position, I have been a vap« aboud. And lastly, he has never let me see the color of his money." "You demand a large sum," resumed Maurice, thoughtfully, "I am not prepared to >ield to such a demand without matute consideration. I am, on the contrary, more inclined to believe that a short sojourn at Bridewell would bring you to your senses without any expenditure on my part." ' You make a great mistake," said Mr. Rathlino. "Carry out that belief, and you will nover hear the truth ns long as you live. But I'll give you three days to thing the matter over, Meanwhile, I'll stnj at tbib hotel, and consent to your setting a spy over me, who sli \\!1 watch me night and day." To this agreeable proposition Maurice ultimately consented, and the bell was rung, and an individual sent for who would undertake the charge, He was a cadaverous looking man bf the green-grocer order ; but his arms were long and strong, and he had a quick, kean eye. "I hiuid over this gentleman to your custody,'' eaid Maurice. " You uro not to leave him for a sin- gle instaut u the twenty-four hours." " Understand," interposed Mr. Rathline, " th it I tin a gentleman, only I am i. little out in the head, I require constantly a cheerful and entertaining companion like yourself, otherwise I am inclined to prubsic acid and otu or strong doses of medicine, so you must look well aftOL* ma, That accounts ia a genteel way for his services being required," con- cluded Mr, Rathline, in an aside to Maurice, After settling other items more particularly the eeseutinl one of payment, and also agreeing that Mr. Ratblina'a inn bill should be Bet down to him Maurice returned to the room in which he had left Madeline 