Mt$ mid gMáw. THE MAN ON THE BEACH. CHAPTER I. HE lived beside a river that emptied into a Seat ocean. The narrow strip of land that y between him and the estuary was covered at high tide by a shining film of water, at low tide with the cast-op offerings of ses and shore. Logs yet green, and saplings washed away from inland banks, battered fragments of wrecks and orange crates of bamboo, broken into tiny rafts yet odorous with their lost freight, lay in long successive curves, the fringes and over- lappings of the sea. At high noon the shadow of a seagull's wing, or a sudden flurry and gray squall of sand-pipers, themselves but shadows, was all that broke the monotonous glare of the level sands. Ho had lived there alone for a twelvemonth. Although but a few miles from a thriving settlement, during that time his retirement had never been intruded upon, his seclusion remained unbroken. In any other community he might have been the subject of rumour or criticism, but the miners at Camp Bogee and the traders at Trinidad Head, themselves individual and eccentric, were profoundly indifferent to all other forms of eccentricity or heterodoxy that did not come in contact with their own. And certainly there was no form of eccentricity less aggressive than that of a hermit, had they chosen to give him that appellation. But they did not even do that, Írobably from lack of interest or perception, o the various traders who supplied his small wants he was known as 'Kernel,' 'Judge,' and ' Boss.' To the general public ' The Man on the Beach' WBB considered a sufficiently dis- tinguishing title. His name, his occupation, rank, or antecedents, nobody cared to inquire. Whether this arose from afear of reciprocal inquiry and interest, or from the profound indifference before referred to, I cannot say. He did not look like a hermit. A man yet young, erect, well-dressed, clean- shaven, with a low voice, and a Bmile half melancholy, half cynical, was scarcely the conventional idea of a solitary. HÍB dwelling, a rude improvement I on a haberman s cabin, bad all the eovero ex- terior simplicity of frontier architecture, but within it was comfortable and wholesome. Three rooms-a kitchen, a living-room, and a bedroom-were all it contained. He had lived there long enough to see the dull monotony of one season lapse into the dull monotony of the other. The bleak north- west trade-winds had brought him mornings of staring sun-light and nights of fog and silence. The warmer southwest trades had brought him clouds, rain, and the transient glories of quick grasses and odorous peach blossoms. But summer or winter, wet or dry season, on one side rose always the Bharply de- fined hills with their changeless background of evergreens : on the other side stretched always the illimitable ocean as sharply defined against the horizon, and as unchanging in its hue. The onset of spring and autumn tides, some changes among ins feathered neighbours, the footprints of certain wild animals along the river's bank, and the hanging out of parti- coloured signals from the wooded hill-Bide far inland, helped him to record the slow months. On Bummer afternoons, when the sun sank behind a bank of fog that, moving solemnly shoreward, at last encompassed him and blotted out sea and sky, his isolation was complete. The damp gray sea that flowed above and around and about bim always seemed to shut out an intangible world beyond, and to be the only real presence. The booming of breakers scarce a dozen rods from his dwelling was but a vogue and unintelligible sound, or the echo of some- thing post forever. Every morning when the sun tore away the misty curtain he awoke, dazed and bewildered, as upon a new world. The first sense of oppression over, he came to love at last thia subtle spirit of oblivion ; and at night, when its cloudy wings were folded over his cabin, be would sit alone with a sense of security he had never felt before. On snob occasions he was apt to leave his door open, and listen as for footsteps ; for what might not come to him out of this vague, nebulous world beyond? Perhaps even elie,- for this ¡ strange solitary was not insane nor visionary. 1 He was never in spirit alone. For night and day, sleeping or waking, pacing the beach or crouching over his driftwood fire, a woman's face was always before him,-tho face for whoso Hake and for cause of whom he sat there alone. He saw it in the morning sun- light ; it was her white hands that were lifted from the crested breakers ; it was the rustling of her Bkirt when theses windswept through the beach-grasses ; it was the loving whisper of her low voice when the long waves sank and died among the sedge and rushes. She was as omnipresent as sea and sky and level sand, Hence, when the fog wiped them away, she seemed to draw closer to him in the'darkness. On one or two more gracious nights in mid- summer, when the influence of the fervid noonday sun was still felt on the heated sands, the warm breath of the fog touched his cheek as if it had been hers, and tears started to his eyes. Before the fogs came-for he arrived there in winter-he had found surcease and rest in the steady glow of a light-house upon the little promontory a league below his habita- tion. Even on the darkest nights, and in the tumults of storm, it spoke to him of a patience that was enduring and a steadfastness that was immutable. Later on he found a certain dumb companionship in an uprooted tree, which, floating down the river, had stranded hope- lessly upon his beach, but in the evening had again drifted away. Bowing up the estuary a day or two afterward, he recognised the tree again from a ' blaze ' of the settler's axe still upon its trunk. He was not surprised a week later to find the same tree in the sands before his dwelling, or that the next morning it should be again launched on its purposeless wander- ings. And BO, impelled by wind or tide, but always haunting hiB seclusion, he would meet it voyaging up the river at the flood, or see it tossing among tne breakers on the bar, but always with the confidence of its returning sooner or later to an anchorage ? beside him. After the third month of his self imposed exile, he was forced into a more human companionship, that was brief but regular. He was obliged to have menial assistance. While be might have eaten his bread ' in sorrow ' carelessly and melancholy, if it had been prepared for him, the occupa- tion of cooking his own food brought the vulgarity and materialness of existence so near to his morbid sensitiveness that he could not eat the meal he had himself prepared. He did not yet wish to die, and when starvation or society seemed to be the only alternative, he chose the latter. An Indian woman, so hideous as to scarcely suggest humanity, at stated times performed for him these offices. When she did not come, which was infrequent, he did not hear. Snch was the mental and physical condition of the Man nf the Beach on January 1, 1869. It wa.« still, bright day, following a week of of rain awl wind. Low down the horizon still j lingered a few white flecks-the flying squadrons nf the storm-as vague as distant sails. Southward the harbour bar whitened 1 occasinuallv but lazily ; even the turbulent Pacific swell stretched its length wearily upon thc shore. And toiling from the settle- ment (iv-i' the low sand dunes, a carriage at but I lied half a mile from the solitary s dwellini! ' I reokon yell her to git ont here,' said the driver, pulling to breathe his panting horses. ' Ye can't git any higher.' There iras a groan of execration from the interior of the vehicle, a hysterical little shriek, and one or two shrill expressions of feminine disapprobation, but the driver moved not At last a masculine head expostulated from the window : ' Look here ; yon agreed to take ns to the house. Why it's a mile away at least !' 'Thar, or tharabouts, I reckon,' said the driver, coolly crossing his legs on the box. ' It's no use talking ; / can never walk through this sand and horrid glare,' said a female voice quickly and imperatively. Then, apprehensively, ' Well, of all the places !' ' Well, I never !' ' This (foes exceed everything.' ' It's really too idiotic for anything.' It was noticeable that while She voices betrayed the difference of age and sex, they bore a singular resemblance to each other, and a certain querulousness of pitch WSB dominant. ' I reckon I've gone about as fur as I allow to go with them Bosses,' continued the driver suggestively, 'and as time's vallyble, y"ed better onload.' ' The wretch does not mean to leave us here alone ?' said a female voice in shrill indigna- tion. 'You'll wait for us, driver?' said a masculine voice, confidently. ' How long *!' asked the driver. There was a hurried consultation within. The words ' Might send us packing !' ' May take all night to get him to listen to reason.' ' Bother ! whole thing over in ten minutes,' came from the window. The driver mean Vf hile had settled himself back in his seat, and whistled in patient contempt of a fashionable fare that didn't know its own mind nor destination. Finally, the masculine head was thrust out, and, with a certain potential air of judicially ending a difficulty, said : 'You're to follow us slowly, and pnt up your horses in the stable or barn until we want you.' An ironical laugh burst from the driver. 'Oh, yes-in the stable or barn-in course. But, my eyes sorter failin' me, mebbee, now, some ev you younger folks will kindly pint out the stable or barn of the Kernel's. Woa ! -will ye ?- woa ! Give me a chance to Dick out that there barn or stable to put ye m ?' This tn arch confidence to the horses, who had not moved. Here the previous speaker, rotund, dignified, and elderly, alighted indignantly, closely followed by the rest of the party, two ladies and a gentleman. One of the ladies was past the age, but not the fashion, of youth, and her Parisian dress clnng over her wasted figure and well bred bonea artistically if not gracefully : the younger lady, evidently her daughter, was crisp and pretty, and carried off the aquiline nose and aristocratic emacia- tion of her mother with a certain piquanoy and a dash that was charming. The gentle- man was' young, thin, with the family characteristics, bnt otherwise indistinctive. With one accord they all faced directly toward the spot indicated by the driver's whip. Nothing but the bare, bleak, rectangular outlines of the cabin of the Man of the Beach met their eyes. All else was a desolate expanse, unrelieved by any struoture higher than the tussocks of scant beach grass that clothed it. They were so utterly help- less that the driver's derisive laughter gave way at last to good humour and suggestion. 'Look yer,' he said finally, 'Idon't know ez it's your fault you don't know this kentry ez well ez you do Yurrup ! so I'll drag this yer team over to Robinson's on the river, Sive the horses a bite, and then meander own this yer ridge, and wait for ye. Ye'll see me from the Kernel's.' And without waiting for a reply, he swung his horses' heads toward the river, and rolled away. The same querulous protest that had come from the windows arose from the group, but vainly. Then followed accusations and re- crimination. ' It's your fault ; you might have written, and had him meet ns at the settlement.' ' Yon wanted to take him by surprise!' 'I didn't.' 'Yon know if I'd written that we were coming, he'd have taken good care to run away from us.' 'Yes, to some more inaccessible place.' 'There can be none worse than this, ' etc., etc But it was so clearly evident that nothing was to bc done but to go forward, that even in the midst of their wrangling they straggled on in Indian file toward the distant cabin, sinking ankle deep in the yielding sand, punctuating their verbal altercation with sighs, and only abating it at a scream from the elder lady. ' Where's Maria ?' ' Gone on ahead !' grunted the younger gentleman, in a bass voice, BO incongruously large for him that it seemed to have been a ventriloquists contribution by somebody else. It was too true. Maria, after adding her Sungency to the general conversation, had arted on ahead. But alas ! that swift Camilla, after scouring the plain somo two hundred feet with her demetrain, came to grief on an unbending tussock and Bat down, panting but savage. As they plodded wearily toward her, she bit her red lips, smacked them on her cruel little white teeth like a festive and sprightly ghoul, and lisped :- | ' You ito look so like guys I For all the world like those English shopkeepers we met on the Righi, doing the three-guinea excursion in their Sunday clothes !' Certainly the spectacle of these exotically plumed bipeds, whose fine feathers were already bedrabbled by sand and growing limp in the Bea breeze, was somewhat dissonant with the rudeness of sea and Bky and shore. A few gulls screamed at them ; a loon, startled from the lagoon, arose shrieking and protesting, with painfully extended legs, in obvious burlesque of the younger gentleman. The elder lady felt the justice af her gentle daughter's criticism, and retailed with simple directness : 1 Your skirt is ruined, your hair is coming down, your hat is half off your head, and your shoes-in Heaven's name, Maria I what have you done with your shoes f Maria had exhibited a slim stockinged foot from under her skirt. It was scarcely three fingers broad, with an arch as patrician as her nose. 'Somewhere between here and the carriage,' she answered ; ' Dick can run back and find it, while be is looking for your brooch, mamma. Dick's so obliging.' The robust voice of Dick thundered, bnt the wasted figure of Dick feebly ploughed its way back, and returned with the missing buskin. ' I may as well carry them in my hand like the market girls at Saumur, for we have got to wade soon,' said Miss Maria, sinking her own terrors in the delightful contemplation of the horror in her parent's face, aa she pointed to a shining film of water slowly deepening in a narrow swale in the sands between them and the cabin. 'It's the tide,' said the elder gentleman. ' If we intend to go on we must hasten ; permit me, my dear madam,' and before she could reply he had lifted the astounded matron in his arms, and made gallantly for the ford. The gentle Maria cast an ominous eye on her brother, who, with manifest reluctance, per- formed for her the same office. But that j acute young lady kept her eyes upon the pre- ceding figure of the older gentleman, and seeing him suddenly and mysteriously disap- pear to his armpits, unhesitatingly threw 1 herself from her brother's protecting arms, I an action which instantly precipitated him I into the water,-and paddled hastily to the opposite bank, where she eventually assisted in pulling the elderly gentleman ont of the J , hollow into which he had fallen, and in ' naaning ber mother, who floated helplessly on the surface, upheld by her skirts, like a gigantic and variegated water-lily. Dick Followed with a single gaiter, la another minute they were sate on the opposite bank. The elder lady save way to tears ; Maria laughed hysterically; Dick mingled a bass oath with the now audible surf; the elder gentleman, whose florid face the salt water had bleached, and whose dignity seemed to have been washed away, accounted for both by saying he thought it was a quicksand: 'It might have been,' said a quiet voice behind them ; ' you should have followed the sand dunes half a mile further to the estuary.' They turned instantly at the voice. It was that of the Man on the Beach. They all rose to their feet and uttered together, save one, the Bingle exclamation, ' James 1' The elder gentleman said 'Mr. North,' and, and with a slight resumption of his former dignity, buttoned his ooat over his damp shirt front. There was a silence, in which the Man on the Beach looked gravely down upon them. If they had intended to impress him by any suggestion of a gay, brilliant, and sensuous world beyond in their own persons, they had failed, and they knew it. Keenly alive os they bad always been to external prepos- session, they felt that they looked forlorn and ludicrous, and that the situation lay in his hands. The elderly lady again burst into tears of genuine distress, Maria coloured over her cheek-bones, and Dick stared at the ground in sullen disquiet. .Yon had better get up,' said the Man on the Beach, after a moment's thought, 'and come up to the cabin. I cannot offer you a a change of garments, but you can dry them by the tire.' They all rose together, and acrsin said in chorus, ' James !' but this time with an evident effort to recall some speech or action previously resolved upon and committed (to memory. The elderly lady got so far as to clasp her hands and add, ' You have not forgotten us-James, oh, James I' the younger gentleman to attempt a brusque 'Why, Jim, old boy,' that ended in querulous incoherence ; the young lady to cast a half-searching, half coquettish look at him ; and the old gentle- man to begin, ' Our desire, Mr. North?-but the effort was futile. Mr. James North, standing before them with folded arms, looked from the one to the other. ' I have not thought much of yon for a twelvemonth,' he said, quietly, 'but I have not forgotten you. Come !' . He led the way a few steps in advance, they following silently. In this brief interview they felt he had resumed the old dominance and independence, against which they had rebelled ; more than that, in his half failure of their first concerted action they had changed their querulous bickerings to a sullen distrust of each other, and walked moodily apart as they followed James North into his house. A fire blazed brightly on tho hearth; a few extra seats were quickly extemporised from boxes and chests, and the elder lady, with the skirt of her dress folded over her knees, looking not unlike an exceedingly overdressed jointed doll,-dried her flounces and her tears together. Miss Maria took in the scant appointments of the house in one single glance, and then fixed her eyes upon James North, who, the least concerned of the party, stood before them, grave and patiently expectant. ' Well,' began the elder lady in a high key, 'after all this worry and trouble you have Sven us, James, haven't you anything; to say ? o you know-have you the least idea what you are doing ? what egregious folly you are committing ; what everybody is saying? Eh? Heavens and earth !-do you know who I am?' ' You arc my father's brother's widow. Aunt Mary,' returned James, quietly, 'If I am committing any folly it only concerns myself ; if I cared for what people said I should not not be here ; if I loved society enough to appreciate its good report I should stay with * But they say you have run away from society to pine alone for a worthless creature -a woman who has used you, as she has used and thrown away others-a-' 'A woman,' chimed in Dick, who had thrown himself on James' bed while his patent leathers were drying, ' a woman that all the fellers know never intended-' here, however, he met James North's eye, and muttering something about ' whole thing being too idiotic to talk about,' relapsed into silence, 'You know,' continued Mrs. North, 'that while we and all our Bet shut our eyes to your obvious relations with that woman, and while I myself often spoke of it to others as a simple flirtation, and averted a scandal for your sake, and when the climax was reached, and she herself gave you an opportunity to sever your relations, and nobody need have been wiser and she'd have had all the blame-and it's only what she's accustomed to-you-you 1 you, James North !-you must nonsensically go, and, by this extravagant piece of idiocy and sentimental tomfoolery, let everybody Bee how serious the whole affair was, and bow deep it hurt you ! and here in this awful place, alone-where you're half drowned to get to it, and ar ; willing to be wholly drowned to get away ! Oh, don't talk to me t I won't hear it-it's just too idiotic for anything 1' The subject of this outburst neither spoke nor moved a single muscle. ' Your aunt, Mr. North, speaks excitedly,' said the elder gentleman ; ' yet I think she does not overestimate the unfortunate position in which your odd fancy places you. I know nothing of the reasons that have impelled you to this step ; I only know that the popular opinion is that the case is utterly inadequate. You are still young, with a future before you. I need not say how your present conduct may imperil that. If you expected to achieve any good- even to your own satisfaction-by this conduct-' ' Yes-if there was anything to be gained by it !' broke in Mn. North. ' If you ever thought she'd come back !' but that kind of woman don't. They must have change. Why-' began Dick suddenly, and as suddenly lying down again. 'Is this all you have come to say?* asked James North, after a moment's patient silence, looking from one to the other. 'All?' screamed Mrs. North, 'is it not enough?' ' Not to change my mind nor my residence at present,' replied North, coolly. 'Do you mean to continue thia folly all your life?' 'And have a coroner's inquest, and advertisements and all the facts in the papers ?' ' And have lier read the melancholy details, and know that you were fathfol and she was not T" This last shot was from the gentle Maria, who bit her lips as it glanced from the immovable man. ' I believe there is nothing more to say ?' continued North, quietly. '1 am willing to believe your intentions are aa worthy as your seal. Let ns say no more,' he added with grave weariness; 'the tide was rising, and vour coachman is signalling you from the There was no mistaking the unshaken posi- tiveness of the man, which was all the more noticeable from its gentle but utter indifference to the wishes of the party. He turned his back upon them as they gathered hurriedly around the elder gentleman, while the words, 'He cannot be in his right mind,' 'It's your dnty to do it,' ' It's sheer insanity,' ' Look at bis eye !' all fell unconsciously upon his ear. ' One word more, Mr. North,' said the elder gentleman, a little portentously, to conceal an evident embarrassment. ' It may be that yonr conduct might suggest to minds more practical than your own the existence of some aberra- tion of the intellect-some temporary mania that might force your best friends into a quasi-legal attitude of-' 'Dedaring me insane,' interrupted James North, with the slight impatience of a man more anxious to end a prolix interview than to combat an argument. ' I think differently. As my aunt's lawyer, you know that within the last year I hare deeded most of my pro- perty to her and the family. I cannot behove that so shrewd an adviser as Mr. Edmund Carter would ever permit proceedings that would invalidate that conveyance.' i Maria burst into a laugh of such wicked gratification that James North, for the first time, raised his eyes with something of interest to her face. She coloured nnder them J but returned his glance with another like a : bayonet-flash. The party slowly moved toward the door, James North following. ' Then this is your final answer ? asked Mrs. North, stopping imperiously on the threshold. 'I beg your pardon?' queried North, half abstractedly. ' Your final answer V 'Oh, certainly.' Mrs. North flounced away a dozen rods in rage. This was unfortunate for North. It gave them the final attack in detail. Dick began : ' Come along I Von know you can advertise for her with a personal down there, and the old woman wouldn't object as long as yon were careful and put in,an appearance now and then !' AB Dick limped away, Mr. Carter thought, in confidence, that the whole matter- even to snit Mr. North'« «emotive natnre-might be eettled there. 'She evidently expects you to return. My opinion is that she never left San Francisco. You can't tell anything about these women.' With this last sentence on his indifferent' ear, _ James North seemed to be left free. Maria had rejoined her mother ; but as they crossed the ford, and an intervening sand-hill hid the others from sight, that piquant young lady suddenly appeared on the hill and stood before him. ' And you're not coming back !* she 'said directly. 'No' ' Never f 'Icannot say.' ' Tell me ! what ia there about some women to make men love them so ?' ' Love,' replied North, quietly. 1 No, it cannot be-it is not that !' North looked over the hill and round the hill, and looked bored. 'Oh, I'm going now. But one moment, Jem ! I didn't want to come. They dragged me here._ Good-by.' She raised a burning face and eyes to his. He leaned forward and imprinted the perfunctory, cousinly kiss of tho period upon her cheek. _ ' Not that way,' she said angrily, clutching his wrists with her long, thin fingers ; ' you shan't kiss me in that way, James North.' With the faintest, ghost-like passing of a twinkle in the corners of his sad eyes, he touched his lips to hers. With the contact, she caught him round the neck, pressed her buming lips and face to his forehead, his cheeks, the very curves of his chin and throat, and-with a lauen waa gone. -Bret Harte. f To be Continued.) 