' BHistorieiis' anil ilic Siihia. (To tho Editor of tho ?' Illiiwaira Mercury.') Sir, — ' Historicus' evidently imagines that the proofs submitted by him in support of Mr. Chini quy's assertion concerning the reading of the Bible by Catholics arc beyond all refutation. In my last I endeavoured to lay before him a few results of the immense) lsibours of tho Roman Catholic Church during tho period previous to ihe Reformation towards introducing and circulating tho Scriptures simong her people. And ' Histori ens docs not attempt to deny the authenticity of my statements. It is 'beside the question nt issue.' Well, he may think so, but certainly I do not. Ho maintains that at the samo time tho law of tho Church forbids the reading of the Bible. Havo all the toils and labours of agea, then, been in vain J Have the prodigious and glorious achievements of the great St. Jcromot(onc of the grandest characters that ever existed) been per formed in vain '( Have the talents and energies and life- long labours of the saints and sages of tho esirly days of Christianity been used only that the products of tlieir dcvolediii'ss might lie on the shelves of ecclesiastical libraries unseen and un heard of by mankind I Truly, our c nnuion intel ligence will tell us that such cannot be. ' His toricus' will remember that there is a difl'crenco between Catholic doctrine and discipline, and though the Church is ever unchanged in tlio one, the mutability of tho other is never sought to bo denied. Emergencies may aviso in which the cord of stern discipline must be. drawn together, to be loosened again when tho danger is past. Such emergencies havo arisen in the past, and may possibly occur in tho future. And 'Historicus' seizes upon the declaration of the 'Provincial Council or Tholouso as sutlicient to prove his case. This is held by him to be tho unanimous voice of tho Church. But tha General Council of Literal), composed of four hundred bishops and eight hundred mitred abbots, hsid been assembled only a few years previously, and no such law was sought to be enacted by them. The Regulation therefore, for it was simply nothing more, had especial reference to a grave danger, viz., the Albigcnsiau heresy, which was raging in all its violence about that time, encouraged and protected by the Count of Tholouso. And the Church, ever claiming the right of the shepherd over his flock, watched over and guarded the interests of those entrusted to its care, ever assuming the responsi bility of pointing out to her children the way in which they should walk before men. enacted the Regulation concerning not the lisa but the abuse of tho Holy Scriptures. Now for his decision of the Council of Trent. He parades before us an obsolete regulation — Regula IV. of the Roman Index — and actually would make his readers believo it to be a Canon Law of the Church. This, too, was adopted at that time as ouo of tho safeguards against the abuse of the Bible. As to it being a ' decree' of the Council of Trent, the implied assertion is simply ridiculous. It is a well known fact that the Regula. IV. nover had any force throughout Europe generally. Doubtless its efficacy may have been felt in places where it wsis urgently required to crush the ferocity of Bible- maniacs- — of men ' who wrest tho Scriptures to their own destruction.' To advert to the Encyclical of Leo. XII., men tioned by 'Historicus' as the 'authoritative voice of the R. C. Church,' I must only say that in this utterance of tho Pontiff we again recognise the voice of the shepherd guarding his flock from the ' poisoning pastures' spread ont before them by the Bible Society in the mutilated translations of the Scriptures published by their anthority— vorsions which tho Catholic Church does not re cognise as the Word of God. ' Historicus' quotes Cardinal Wiseman's distorted expression to estab lish his position and Pastor Chiuiquy's infallibility but is he aware that tho same great Cardinal actually published a. penny edition of the Bible in London, or rather it was published uudor his psvtronage, so that it might reach even the poorest of the poor. But why should 1 proceed in refu ting such nonsense. Rev. Mr. Maitland, librarian to tho Archbishop of Canterbury, in his work on tho ' Dark Ages,' says, — ' The writings of those times were, if I may uso the expression, made of the Scriptures. I do not merely mean that the writers constantly quoted the Scriptures, and appealed to them as authority on all occasions, as others writers have done since tlioir day— though they did this, and it is a strong proof of their familiarity with them — but I mean that they thought and spoke and wrote the thoughts and words and phrases of the Bible, and that they did this constantly and habitually as tho natural mode of expressing themselves. They did it, too, not exclusively, in theology or ecclesiastical matters, but in histories, biographies, familiar letters, legal instruments and documents of every description.' (pp. 4G8, 400, 470.) This looks very much like as if the people did not know something of tho Bible, doesn't it, Historicus 1 Dtterly useless it would be, [ fnel sure, to follow up the long list of translations of the Holy Scrip tures issued under tho 'authoritative voice' of tho Catholic Church since the Reformation, so I will not now do so. Intelligent minds, and 1 hope ' Historicus' among them, do not require it. But, en passant, I may refer the defender of Chiniquy to tho following letter addressed by Pope Pius VI. to the Archbishop of Florence, in tho y oar 3778 : — ''Beloved Son, health and benedic tion. At a timo when a vast number of bad books, which most grossly attack the Catholic religion, are circulated among the unlearned, to the destruc tion of souls, you jndgo exceedingly well that tho faithful be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures, for they are the most abundant sources, which ought to bo loft open to ovory one to draw from them purity of morals a'nd doctrine, and to eradicate the errors of those corrupt times. This you have reasonably oll'ected as yon declsire, by publishing the sacred writings in the language of your country, 'suitable to nrnry one's ctpuutij.' Dr. Wolf, the celebrated Protestant Missionary, bears willing testimony to the manner in which the Biblo had been used in the. East. At Damas cus, when visiting the school of tho Spanish Friars, ho found each one of the hundreds of pupils assembled in possession of a Bible, and actually those printed by the Bible Society. 'This,' said the superintendant, 'we promote, and have ever promoted, the faith of the Holy Catholic Apostolic Church.' (From Dr. Wolf, Ch. IX.) And again, 'Tho best translations of foreign Bibles used by our Bible Society are reprints from those made by the Propaganda at Rome.' (Wolf, Ch. IX.) But here I must closo. Tho voice of my heart, the ' still small voice' within mo, teaches me that I am acting as a true Catholic should act in defending my Church from the foul aspersions of any libeller, and from tho inuoudos they would hurl upon her name. Tho Holy Scriptucs havo boon to her the most priceless treasure sho ' possesses to bequeath to her children. Sho carried them down through tlio Jong centuries of trial and of ininfortuno, amid wars and tumults, and inva sions and slaughters. Neither Goth nor Vandal, Visigoth or Hun, though they mi^ht desolate hor cities and destroy her temples, and redden tlioir rude hands with the blood of her childron, could over deprive them of that one priceless and im mortal treasure. Fulfilling the Divine commis sion to ' Go forth and teach all nations,' sho still maintains and preserves pure and undetilcd tho written Word of Him from whom she has received the injunction. 'That she,' says tho author of the Christian Mission, tho Protestant Marshall previously quoted, ' That she should not venerate Hie Divine Scriptures, which are so absolutely her own, that thoy wore abandoned by tlieir Author to her sole authority, both to defino and promulgate, that she should be indifferent to that sacred deposit of which during long ages she was tho only guardian ; which the incessant and life-long labours of her own servants diligently preserved and mnltin i a upon w ,,ch „ 1 her saints we're nourished, Z out of wnich a I her doctors taught ; which are Lilv presented to their pnosls in the most so mn unctions of their ministry, to be reveSv kissed ; and which slie oilers at this he Z every ami w.tliout stint or measure, todlwl' can relish „,,!? sweet, .savour; this is evidently^ dream of the fanatic, or the calumny of the if 1 11 prophet. She is guiltless, indeed, of tlio c. ol indecency of putting all the books of tlio Old ies ainent into ,., hands ,,f children, and hasnot read the words ..tin* lir.,t Pontiff (2 Peter hi 10 with so httle prnlitas to give the Epistles of £t Paul, witliout note or comment, to women and peasants, or to abandon the mystic Apocalypse to tho crude fancies of every disorderly dreamer or the trivial t.x™ of overy inflated sophist am though as the appointed Teacher of tho .Nations she has otlier guuk-s besides tho written \\\onl, being the gnardism of tho Apostolic tradi tions, and taught directly and unceasingly by tha immediate inspiration of the Holy Ghost ; yet tho Church is, m tact and deed, the only true Biblo wciely ; and with such incomparable wisdom does she unfold o all her children tho mysteries of that Eternal Book, that even tho mattered peasant, taught sit her knees, though ho has never learned to road, attains a familiarity with it3 hidden truths, a keen and living perception of its holiest doctrines, (oniniired with which tho snper Jicial won) knou-Mijr. i,f ihe subtlest mind beyond her pale is groS3 dsii-kiii'sn.' A .STUDENT OF HISTORY. 