DESTRUCTION OF THE POLY TECHNIC BY FIRE. One of the most useful educational institutions in London has been partly destroyed by fire, The Polyteohnio was by no means a pretentious building, viewed from Regent-street, but it was a very large one and was admirably adapted to its purpose,: It oontained spaoious galleries for ex. hibition purposes, wherein were displayed ma. ohines of all kinds in full work; large lecture theatres, where learned professors desoanted to interested audiences ou soientifio subjects, where the uses of the mioroaoope. of the magic lautern, and of other scientific) appllanoes were Illustrated. The Polyteohulo, although an establishment of comparatively modern dute, has of latter years enjoyed a world-wide reputation, lu its lecture halls Professor Pepper exhibited his marvellous "ghost," aud Mr. Stokes astonishod countless numbers of people with the extraordinary fuoulty of memory displayed by his pupils, There also the mysteries of the diving-bell were explained to the people. For the small Bum | of one penny the curious in suoh matters oould descend beneath the waters in the iron jaws of ; this maohine, and asoertain for themselves the l feasibility of searohlng by suoh means the ooean depths. The bell has always been the prinolpal ! attraction in the Polyteohnio. It was made of cast-iron, and weighed three tons, aud was 6 ft. in holght, the diameter being 6 feet 8 Inches, Tito cost, it is said, amounted to £400, and it is statod that tho inoome derived from persons using it amounted in one year to as muoh as £1,000. Those who have visited the institution will remember thai in the large tanks into whioh the bell descended a diver used to go through a variety of interesting performances, olad in the orthodox diver's suit) and helmet. Tho com j mou praotice was to thrown coins into the water, whioh tho diver would seek for, and occasionally rising to the surface would rap the money on his helmet in token of his suoooss. Very few branohes of praotloal soienoe were negleoted at the Polyteohnio. At any time of tho duy the visitor, for the small fee of one shilling could witness maohlnos of all kind in motion; and be sides these attractions the Polyteohnio boasted a valuablo collection of objects, Interesting from a scientific and artistlo point of view, in the inspec tion of whioh the intervals betweeutheleoturesand plays might be passed. In order to make tho institution successful from a finanoial point of view, the Company to whioh it belonged spared no pains or money in proouring the latest novelties, scientific or otherwise. . In years gone by automatou figures, worked by some invisible agenoy astonished a public un familiar to suoh sights, while the amusiug and olever representations of plays in the theatres, in whioh the magic lantern always played the prinolpal part, were the delight of every London sohoolooy. In these performonoes, appealing as they did to the intellectual as well as to the cesthotlo faculties of young people, instruction was unquestionably blended with amusemeut, and there is little doubt that the Polytechnic as an eduoatlonal institution was, as we have said, highly valuablo, It was built in 1838, but for years after its establishment it was not financially successful, and failed to become popular, In 1848, notwithstanding, it was oonsidoraly enlarged and improved; but matters did not mend, and in 1850 an aooldent happened whioh compelled the proprietors to close it, A stalroase unfortunately fell while a large crowd of persons were going down it, one of whom was hilled, and many others were injured. In 1800, however, it was reopened by a now company. Classes were formed in con nexion with the institution, which were estab. Halted by the Earl of Shaftesbury, and siuoe then the institution has prospered. There were i some years ago no less than 2,000 valuable articles in the Polyteohnio collection, and since then, no doubt, this has largely increased. Register, 