|HE WINS WHO I WAITS." Í, BY, OSVBNOB BTTNSTJER, r of " John Horton's Ward," '< Mark felton," .' The Beet Mon Wins," ?. Caleb TborntoD," &o.; . / - . i (CHAPTER XX.-(Continued.) J BdaANWiiiLr. Captain Bath had oarried Bertis, and ker maid-for snob Ibo excellent fellov bnd oonslitnted Maria Pippa-t'o pleaiant lodgings in tho vicinity of Highgate. Sba' bad three nrpnrtmants in a pretty ootlago, standing in the midst of a blooming Karden of ro>n?, heleol rope«, geraniums, and tho like; and tho obild wns touohed to notice bow Uko this garden was to that which surrounded their own pretty cottage near Chester. 0<ipta!n Rath was slightly sensible of this, and remindod ber bf tba likeness. " It will, roaybp, do yon Rood sometimes, my dear," said be, " to look .ocnt on these byar - posies and think of your old bum. Don't " yon ? fear. That hum will be yours nain, I reckon, when- we got Master Ked back." Poor Bertha sighed as she wondered whether that happy time wonld ever arrive. But youth is hopeful, and the novelty and exoitomeut of her new position soon dissi- pated any ploomy thoughts. And thus tbe oaptain left her to arrange with bis friend for her introduction to her employer. To his surprise his friend took bim to Highgate also, to a house not far from that in which be had lodged Bertha. This was so far satis factory. Bat when the lady of _the bouse Mood before him, and bo dis oôfôrçd in ber no othnr than Ada Laplaoe, ho iittered'an ejaculation of wonderment. "Sakes," cried kc, "Miss Laplaoo!" " Wall, du say." Ada Li place railed Badly. She ' was dressed In mourning. The grand beauty which she bad boasted when last tbe oaptain bad seen ber bad passed away. Her fooe was now pitted by tbe marks of that terrible íoonrgo of beauty-the small- pox. Bather eyes were still as brilliant as before, though with a terser light of sweetness and resigna » don, and her glorious hair waB still her iwn, "You recognise me, then," said she, as becsptoin ebook ber hand. "I dn," said the captain, simply. "There . In't no otbor woman- in all London has ? pt jour bair; nor, for that matter,' eyes ? . nither." ' Sbe bnret out laughing as shs turned to te gentleman who bad introdaoed the cptntn. . , "Toa nee, Mr. Ranger, tb at I have still jt admirer 1" ??! "I apre« with bim,"* said Mr. Ranger, a Hsk little man, .wearing . speotaoles,,and Uh h bald bend. " To meryon aro still as baatifnl as yon were when empress of the f»?e." " : ' .. " Oomei oorao, this ia high-flown," cried Miss1 «piuco. " But let na to other matters than bat nf my poor eearrofl face." "But ain't you acting neowP" asked the BÎ-. oaptain. " . ' ' ' : là' ' "No, no," she answered, with a slight ihudder, " all that is passed for ever. And fy:now I lead a sweeter, moro contented life i% iban when my whole thought was applauoo !"r rad vrai?ë." v T. "Wall, I ken nndersfnpd that," soid'tbe. i*' i'japtaln. "I'm Borter [Now England in my !? 4notions of stagebitpineFS ; don'tiBeem to me ,- i the right thing for women. Then "what, if I dmay make so bold, what da you du neowi'' ¿¡1 - "I write for journals and periodioals." '. *' Story, boohs and eeoh ?" said tbo 'oap tain. '¡"'Sime as Mr. Ranger boro.'; ¿' > Yes. And now what about theyonog lady ?*.' Wall," ssid the captain, thoughtfully, ttroking hie obit), "I didn't speck'late, I rpokon, tlmtHwns yon she' waa oomin* tu.. There's , o. lol I'd like to say, you know, afore.", ?.'?? . -,"; .-''"'..-, ?? "What'yon *UI," said MÍBB Laplace,-, vitha smile. ". Eat, I think yon can take lbs word ol my fric»], Ur;'Ranger, that the Ijonng l«í> wónld liBhappy with mo." ' . ".Tetohl" interroptad tbe oaptain. "Tain't. that. But von see, li's a sorter fix. Tho child" i*..Tooup; Harrington'* sweetheart." : The fuou of tba aqlhoreaa grew pale,- but ' ' Ila said : ' -1 " "'. . 1" The creole?" ." '\ . ' (".Ay, the gál I told-,von of when you ': wtnt oont lo Melbourne-will mo." . ;" And sim baa need of wirk now?" :"Yes. Tbe old man ia dofd, and thero's r lone fix about the property be loft behind '- hm" "Wbatyou have told "me," said Miss i Lplaco, eagerly, " makes me most anxious tceee ber. Bnt nomi', before you bring her, (tis noeescary that I sliould relate to yon ime noooiint of tho manner in which Mr. errington and I wera placed. Doubtless .- il' h" heard." -That'a j?st H. Sbo bas not. Bat she ~? {.tinder knows enough, yon seo, to make ber >' » little touchy on the point," and the skipper fhtgettcd with bis big foot. Mr. Banger, looking through bis speotaoles, and listening with enrptiae,- perceived that this ' was no matter fora third person's prosenoe. So lie bads tb« m good-day, raying that tho matter wns now in tim captain's banda, Mies Laplace, however, said : .' Frky.'i'don't no, Mr. Hanger. Stay to luncheon'/' II- you'll lorn inlo my library, and look over'-tny last proofs, I tboald take ' »vi -'... ?'' . j.A^ «CV, I il na' niuü,'' *uu situ,;*¡u hur tong, utJicati, j ; baud upon (tia ottiei'a atm, uud emited with j all her old sweetneee. The captain, looking donn at lier hand, noted a maesivoringupén one finger : " Sakes," said he, " that's real grand." ."It is concerned with my story," she 'said. ?" Listen "-and she nodded to Mr. Banger as he ambled from the room, the ideal«! an intellectual tcmüt in pantaloons. Then elie told the story ss we know it. The captain ' ÜBtcned -intently, surprised, exeited, ' " I know the man," ho cried, as Bho ocn olnded. " 1 know the man-a dollar to a .rod cent." V And I also," was the answer, gravely. " It was the man yon knew BB Vickers whoso name ÍB LasoaBeas.' "Hal" Baid ihe'osplain. "Ifuese youknew him afore. -Yon wasn't strange, I noliced, nor madam either." "Yes, we kuetv him before," Baid the woman, sadly; "God knows we did," and abe covered her eyt-B with ber band. Again Oaptain Bath noticed tbe ring. He started. " Sakee," be muttered, " that's the ring. Then yon got it back from tbe thief." "Yes," she answered, solemnly, "it was reoovered from the thief,. If I were to tell yon by what ogenoy-as I feel and know the truth-you would not believe." " Wall," said the oaptain, "I'm not given -to goin' the hull-aligator in belief. But I sbonldn't doubt your truth in Ullin' me." "Then listen. Do you believe in oom munioation from tho spirit world ?" " Sartaiu," said be, oalm'y. " I've Beena heap of ghosts in my time." And ho locked searchingly at ber. \- "Mot three months ego," said Ada Laplace, " OB I eat ia tbe evening, writing, thero oame to me a presence whioli 1 felt and knew, but could not see. . Had luis been* all, I Bbould have doubted. But I felt-I swear it is the truth-a shadowy band upon my brow. My eyes closed under tbe resist- less pressure. For some moments I eat thus-a ohill ruining through my blood-a . feeling which I ouunot describe mliug my teing. Presently, with a ttart of relief, and a Benee of warmth inspiring inp, I awoke from this condition. And there, ss I solemnly swear to you, lay this ring." "Wall," Buid Captain Hath, who bad listened quietly, "'mint (out of reaeon. Thar s Bomelhiu' aonsarnlng that thar ring mor nor ornary," " True," murmured the woman, abstract- edly, "more than ordinary. You are right. Bat now," the went on, with au efl 'rt, ">ou have heard my story. 'Tbe orimo which BO nearly brought Mr. ll arlington to rnin was certainly the work of Vickers or Lascaesas. If he did hut know that ehe who was his viotim was his aunt 1" " What ?" ' : * . . " íes ; it is Irne. I know it. Bat ibis is beside tbs question. And now, ss yen know al), nre yon ea tit Ced to let this ebild oome to me?" , " Qaite," WBB (be answer. " I will bring her to yon at once," and lie arose with tbe deoisiou of one who bsd made up his mind and meant to oct. ' Soon he relumed, bringing Bertha with him. The girl looked quickly at the woman. Then, BB ihongh hYS<mn sudden instinot, they read esoh other's thoughts, ouch turned and embraced. What ia th¡8 myttoriouB sym- pathy wbioh so often actuales us, and by which we are attraoted or repelled P "My dear girl," said Ada Laplace, "I shall do my best to mako 3ou happy." " I am sure of it," was Bertha's answer ; " there is tl at in your ince which tells mo BO. And I, on my part, shall strive to meiit your confidence.*' The skipper standing by, and, ss was lils wont, thoughtfully stroking his chin, mut- tered : j, . " Animal mnonetipm, I guess. Waif, there's a deal in seen matters we know nothiu* sbeout, and BO we laugh at 'em ;" and with tbis be followed the, ladies into the lnnoheon-room. \- It was a bright and pleasant room, ita appointments telling of tho taste of ita mis trees. Tho lopsst was ns eloquent. It is by snob matters that wa read ibo ouarnoter ; and Bertha, noting.overythioR around with that qniok appréciation which was sn ele-', mont of ber nature, and whioh delighted in. warmth, grace, and light, felt more thin ever sBsured.that she aud'MieB Laplace would be happy in their rotations. 