/ THE INCREASE OF THE EPISCOPATE. The following is a statement of what has been the result of the report put forth by: the Committee of the Additional Home Bishoprics Endowment Fund. It recommended, it will be remem bered, the erection of six new sees, in addition to the Bishoprics of ?Triiro and St. Alban's, which were then in the course of being founded. The following steps have actually been taken to carry out this scheme : — 1\. In Liverpool the sum of £50,000 has been already guaranteed towards the subdivision of the See of Chester, the Bishop of the Diocese cordially supporting the movement, bub on the distinct understanding that the ancient Bishopric of Sodor and Man should not be merged. 2\. ADiocese of Wakefield is contemplated to relieve the pressure of the immense population in the great .woollen manufacture towns, which must be heavily felt by the occupants of the See of Ripon and York. 3\. The Dioceses of Lichfield and Lincoln are to be relieved by the erection of a See for Nottingham and Derbyshire, having Southwell Minster as its Cathedral. Important meetings have been, lately held to promote this object, and a large sum oi: money is already raised. It is felt that by this scheme the principle of going by county boundaries is preserved, although two are joined in one diocese. Later on an effort may be made to erect a separate see for each county ; but certainly at the present time this is the only practical scheme, and, as the two counties are already so closely allied in business and other matters, their conjunction in one diocese seems natural. 4\. Some pveliminai'y measures have been taken with regard to the See of Worcester. It is thought that Warwickshire with Birming ham, and Worcestershire with a portion of the Black Country, should each form a semrate diocese. 5\. A very active effort is being made to restore the ancient See of Bristol, and.a sum of £8000 has been already promised in the city of Bristol alone towards this object. The Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol has expressed his willingness to surrender £500 a year from the income, of the see, if the division takes place, towards the endow ment of the Diocese of Bristol. This would be an interesting experi- o ment in the direction of a town diocese, as the see would consist entirely of the rural deanery of Bristol with the fringe of country parishes in its immediate neighbourhood which would naturally go with it. 6\. The Bishop of Durham has expressed his willingness to give up; £1500 a year towards the erection of a separate see for Northumber- ? land, and he has given this as the subject for discussion to all jthe rural deaneries in the diocese. i § ~~~ ? ' ' ; m Deposition op a Bishop. — Charges of immoral conduct had i been made against Bishop M'Coskey, of Michigan, and he: m had thought fit to resign his office and leave for Europe jf without answering them. Though such a procedure might fairly §j have been taken as an admission that he could not rebut the: m charges, his deposition has been made on the technical ground of m his abandonment of Ms diocese and departure from the territory of thef 1 United States while', allegations affecting his morality were in exis 1 tence. A special meeting of the House of Bishops was called to con S aider the subject, and was held in one of the churches in New York, fi In the evening, when the doors were thrown open to the public, the § scene is said to have been exceedingly solemn. Beside the reading I desk sat the venerable gray- haired Presiding. Bishop, Benjamin B. I Smith, of Kentucky, bent and decrepit with extreme old age, holding 1 in his trembling hands a closely- written page of legal cap. Beside I him stood the tall, long-haired, sharp visaged Bishop of Minnesota, ? Henry B. Whipple. The other members of the House stood in the I front .rows of pews, with partially bowed heads, while the presiding I Bishop read the act of deposition, which concluded as follows : — I ' Now, therefore, be it known thatl, Benjamin Bos worth Smith, D. D., I by Divine permission Bishop of the Diocese of Kentucky, and I Presiding Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United I States, in conformity with the terms of this resolution afore cited I declare and pronounce the said Samuel Allen M'Coskey deposed from I the holy ministry, and from all the offices thereof, in the name of the I Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen.' While Bishop Smith slowly I and f alteringly read the foregoing document his voice trembled with I emotion, and a general air of sadness pervaded the assemblage. I More than once audible sobs drowned the faint voice of the venerable I reader, who arose from his seat on reaching the latter part of the [ document, and remained standing while he pronounced the sentence I of deposition. — Adelaide Standard, I Paeish Ladies. — I often pity clergymen for the existence of I female parishioners. Except for a short and perhaps happy time, j there have always been females in the world, and as long as Eng I land is divided into parishes there must be parishioners. ' The fact, therefore, of there being female parishioners does not furnish a cause for either complaint or legislation, but it does for pity. And very sincere is the pity I have often felt for clergymen on that account. The necessity for an evil does not diminish the evil, but rather increases the sufferings to which that evil gives rise. The I' hopeless feelings of a clergyman, when reflecting on his female ! parishioners, must be far more painful than they would be if there was any rational exception of the ultimate abolishment of that class ; though, of course, a sensible man makes up his mind to endure what must be endured, .and the phrase, 'grin and bear it,' was perhaps first invented for a much- put-upon parson. A few active, fluent, healthy, middle-aged females (especially if well-meaning) are enough to worry any young clergyman of rather weakly constitution to the grave. Surely a man, when first performing service in the church to which he has been appointed, is justified in casting anxious glances at the bonneted heads among his congregation, and rejoicing if he perceives signs of weakness and irresolution in the faces under those bonnets. A firm female parishioner is such an appalling thought — such an afflicting reality — and I really shudder when I think of what perfectly harmless clergymen have from time to time been made to endure by such. I have neither space nor nerve at present to write about district ladies, and perhaps it is a subject better avoided. There are things (like drops of water) that do not bear examination, and few young men might be found with sufficient courage to enter Holy Orders, if they knew all, or one-half all, about district ladies that could be told ; but even stopping far short of a district lady, an ordinary female parishioner may be very trying. I heard of one lady — I have even seen her — and the first thing she did to anew rector was to borrow 'Tract 90' of him ; and I knew another who was so devoted to the Keformation, the whole Reformation, and nothing but the Eeformation, that she took the Thirty-nine Articles into her bedroom every night, as the mistresses of small establishments take the plate-basket. These two ladies lived next door to each other. The rector was, of course, obliged to visit both. They quar relled sometimes, and appealed to him as umpire. At other times they talked to him. He is now in Madeira, wearing a respirator and taking cod-liver oil — a case of galloping consumption, brought on by exhaustion. There fire also clergymen in madhouses. — The Church man1 & Shilling Magazine. A Muscular Christian. — The Bishop of Sodor and Man — very well known to the church-goers of Chester- square and neigh bourhood as the Rev. Rowley Hill, recently incumbent of St. Michael's, Pimlico — was, it appears, driving in an open carriage with Mrs. Hill towards the episcopal residence, on Tuesday evening last, when one of a group of navvies standing at the roadside deliberately took up a large stone and threw it with violence at the lady, striking her in the forehead and inflicting a severe scalp wound. A good many persons — even laymen —would, in these circumstances, have driven rapidly on to avoid a possible worse assault; but Bishop Hill, as becomes his Shrop shire breed, showed a very different mettle. He stopped the carriage, leaped out, collared the dastardly assailant, and when the latter escaped over a fence, gave chase with unabated pluck. The fugitive ran fast, but the episcopal limbs were active, the epis copal wind was sound, the episcopal heart was on fire, and so Dr. Hill gained ground on the fellow, who thereupon drew a knife. Just at this time a Mr. Harrison drove up ; the Bishop got into his trap, and they continued the pursuit until they drove the man to bay, when he opened his knife, picked up a large club that was 'conve- nient,' and prepared to let Mr. Harrison ''have it,' as the latter was about to close with him. Fortunately two policemen arrived, and the ruffian was secured. He was next day brought before the High Bailiff, at Peel, and committed for trial. We need not antici pate the iB&ue;,r~J) aily Telegraph.. ,,''??? The Patteson Pulpit.— The new pulpit in the nave of Exeter Cathedral is dedicated to the memory of Bishop Patteson. Between figures of St. Paul, St. John the Baptist, and St. Stephen, are sculptured panels, of which that in the front represents the body of the martyred bishop carried, by three natives to the boat in which it was found. The northern panel has the martyrdom of St. Alban ; the southern the departure of St. Boniface (a native of Devonshire) on his mission to Germany. The body of Bishop Patteson is shown wrapped in a mat of palm fibres, and on it appears the palm branch, with its five knots, supposed to indicate the murder of five natives avenged by that of the Bishop. This palm branch, it may be added, is in the possession of the Bishop's sister. The beauty of the leafage and ornamental sculpture of the pulpit deserve especial notice. Pope Leo XIII.— The Echo states that it is rumoured among the lower clergy of Rome that the late Cardinal Franchi died of poison deliberately administered to him. The Pope himself, it goes on. to say, ' is constantly weeping, has fits of the profoundest melancholy, and says to those about him that it is a wretched fate that so old a man as he is should be doomed to close his life in this manner. Sometimes he expects to be shot at like the Kaiser Wilhelra. Sometimes he will have his trunk ^packed two or three times a day, and declare that he is at last going to Perugia.' At his own table he scarcely tastes anything. He invariably prepares his own coffee. Two attempts to poison him have already been made, says the correspondent of the Kolnisehe Zeitung, one in a glass of Vermouth.' 