THE STORY-TELLER. MY LAND OF BEULAH. Chapter IX. — (Continued.) I thought at the time, and I think still, that Mr. Chitty had a certain grim enjoy ment in this unseemly altercation between the sister and the widow of his late client. I fancy I saw a twiutfe in his little keen eyes as he glanced at Eulalie's drooping head, crowned with its snowy widow's cap. I think he knew more than he ever told, more than any of us ever knew, how that strange will came about. Be had a vast pretence of putting up papers, and inducing them with much humouring to go into a blue bag he had on the table beside him ; but I am sure I caught the faintest reflection of a grin upon his countenance as Aunt Ida — not looking one whit less stern for the tears that washed her wrinkled cheeks — took- up her parable again. 'I hear you shut yourself up in your room, when the man who loved you, and took you from a life of toil and poverty, lay dying. You would not even send for this dear child to fill the vacant place that, to your shame, was vacant. No — no that Should hardly have done, would it? He mi Sit have had- some misgiving if he had Reenter bending over him ; he might have made a fresh will — he was not too far gone to sign his name. Oh I' she moaned, rocking herself to and fro, and clasping me close in her trembling arms, it's all my wicked temper ; if I hadn't been so stiff with him — if I'd forgiven my poor boy for his folly, he would never have died with no one but poor old Terence — whom may God bless ! — near him. So they kept you away,, my dearie, did they ?' she went on, putting back my hair from my forehead, and patting my cheek tenderly ; ' they kept yon aay, my dearie, did they?' It may have been that Lady Vansi tart saw the ugly look of things in general ; it may have been that some spark of remorse came to life in her heart. I know not ; but she evidently felt called upon to put in a word for herself. 1 was quite helpless in the matter,' she said, letting her ciasped hands fall upon her lap, and raising her lovely pleading eyes to Mr. Chitty, as being the only man present, and therefore the most likely person to feel their power. I had no choice ; Sir Charles himself did not wish—— Nothing can be more unseemly than that my husband's actions should be questioned in my presence,' she added, suddenly quitting her ground, and taking her stand on the matter of the will. ' No one questions my brother's actions, madam,5 replied Aunt Ida promptly. 'Sir Charles was an honourable gentleman, and he thought he had good reason for what he did ; I am well assured he thought he was acting for his girl's good ; but he was mad at the time. ' 'Mad!' gasped Eulalie ; and Mr. Chitty screwed up his mouth very tight indeed, and made a sort of whistling noise through his teeth. 'Atmtie, auntie!' I whispered, putting up my face to hers, and hugging her fast in my arms ; ' don't speak to her like that ; remem ber how papa loved her ; and, indeed — indeed it doesn't matter one bit.' How can anything matter now ? was the thought that tore at my heart. I never blamed papa for what he had done then ; I have never blamed him since. There was some reason for it that I did not know — that I never shall know. They knew what it was, those two ; and if they had wrongeci me to him — if here and there a sentence in his loving letters puzzles me still — he knew all the truth when for him the clear light, of eternity beat upon the shrouded things of time. When, two days after the reading of the will, Aunt Ida proposed that I should go with her to London for a time, Eulalie made no demur. A cessation of open hostilities had taken place subsequent to the grand engagement in the library. Eulalie posed herself as a marty c to circumstances, .Lettie as the con fidante of th<\- sai«l martyr. Aunt Ida was mostly in her room, and I— what did I do with the days that seemed so empty ? For one thing, I wandered about the house,; gathering, as, it were, posies:of memories,, to be laid by like sweet-scented herbs for use' and solace jiu the future. . , . i ; i Hazledene wquld paassinto the hands-oL one who was almost a stranger to me ; new li vea would begin to live their little day in the old roomB that were so sacred to me ; perhaps a new dog would guard the house, and live in Roland's kennel. It is so in life i the scenery remains much the same ; it is Hie players that change. It is cheering to me even now to look back upon those last trying days at Hazledene, and call to mind the dear and tender words of comfort that came to me from my Land of Beulah. The first letter of Miss Mary's that I put into Aunt Ida's hand swiftly melted that warm-hearted creature into tears. ' Oh, my dear,' she said, what must Hie heart be like from whence come such thoughts of love and peace !' If there was one room in the old home, more endeared to me by precious association, it was the library. Among the vast store of books that enriched its shelves were one or two volumes specially dear.; for could I not remember, on the occasion of my first holiday at home, sitting on papa's knee in the mellow light that shimmered in ftom the oriel window, and looking at the quaint illu minations round the pages ? Did I not fall into little ripples of laughter at the droll figures of birds and beasts here and there to be found among exquisitely-tinted foliage, and gorgeous flowers such as never yet grew in any earthly garden ? Was Inot awed into admiring silence by the still loveliness of some saintly- figure, or the calm awful joy of the maiden mother's face ? I knew that the library was not mine, and might never be ; but I made up my mind to ask Eulalie to give me the old illuminated missals that I loved. Going listlessly enough one day, just be fore my departure, into the dear old room, I saw one of my favourites lying upon a side- table, and near it a bag, from whose gaping month protruded silks innumerable ; in a word, Miss Dove's Dorcas- work. I sat down on the piled velvet cushions in the window, and laying the book upon my knee, opened it and read the following inscription : — ' Lettie Dove ; from dear Sir Charles Vansi- tart.' Then came a date, of some months back. A little, just a little pang contracted my heart. Papa had often called those quaint old books ' Miss Nell's property, ' and laughed to see me stagger with one of them across the slippery-polished floor ; and now, the funny creatures in the trees, the calm-eyed saints, the sweet, sad Madonnas, were all Miss Dove's. It was only a little thing, but it brought the tears to my eyes. Before,- I could clear my sight from that mist of piteous regret, Miss Lettie came gliding in, decorously robed in sable of the deepest dye. A dye .that was of quite another shade rose in her plump cheeks as she glanced at the book on my knee. ' So papa gave you this, Lettie ?' I said, sadly, with a sort of hope rising in my mind, that when I told her how I valued the books she would offer to give it back to me. . ' Yes,' she said, fumbling with her silks ; ' ever such a while ago, on my birthday.' ' Why, you told me your birthday was in August,' I said, opening my eyes wide, ' and the date in this is December.' ' I laid my finger upon the writing in the hook as I spoke, and a faint, very faint smear became visible. ' Why, look ! one would think it was hardly dry — and — yes, it has made a mark upon the page opposite.' I spoke in perfect good faith. I was never a good hand at double meanings. ' Such insinuations — began Miss Dove, her face now literally in a blaze. Hut she stopped short, for at that moment Aunt Idumea came sailing in, with Frizzle at her heels. Gathering up her Dorcas- work, Miss Dove prepared to leave the room ; but lingered, casting uneasy glances round about, as if she had mislaid something. She always re treated in disorder before Mrs. Bertie Lumley ; and if you met her hurrying along a passage, you were pretty safe to see Aunt Ida appear in the distant vista of the same. On this present occasion, as on all others, the little old lady, whose graceful dignity of car riage exceeded that of the tallest of women, simply and wholly ignored Miss Dove's presence, and looked up as the door closed upon her retreat as though rather wondering who had passed through it. In these days little Frizzle was about the only cheerful thing in Hazledene, and now he appeared to be possessed by the very spirit of frolic. He worried Aunt Ida's dress, making believe she was hiding a lively young rat in its folds ; he made rushes at me when . I tried to re monstrate with hin; finally he dived under the couch by the writing-table, and came out again, with an absurd pompous demeanour, and a violently- agitated tail, carrying a crumpled-up ball of paper in his mouth. ' What is that the rogue has got ?' said Aunt Ida, peering through her eyeglass. I took the paper from Frizzle, opeued it, saw with untold thankfulness that my com panion's attention was claimed by something outside, and stuffed the paper into my pocket. It was the fly-leaf of the old missal ; and on it, in the dear bold handwriting that I loved, was papa's own name above our family crest and motto. That day was a busy one for Aunt Idumea and I were to leave for London to morrow. Terence, too, and Frizzle were to go with us. 'And it's a bad sort of a time I'll be after having with the doaty beast, I'm thinking,' quoth the old man, with a sigh ; ' he'll be for looking out o' window all the blessed way, and barking like mad at every cratur that he sees.' There was plenty to do ; and, hardest work of all, to stifle the expression of the bitter sorrow in my heart. When night closed in, and I need fear no watchers, 1 stole to the churchyard, where the voice of the sea upon the beaeh below seemed ever keening a dirge, over the quiet dead. I made my way to the railed vault of the Vansitarts. I stretched put my hands to ards the place where my dead 'lav. . Could papa see me? I wondered, . as I knelt there by that cruel rail. . Could' he see ; tlie -passion of grief that shook me /from bead to foot5 as I murmured through pale. lips ; ; ' Good-bye; good- bye ; . your little; girl ; is : i'very, very lonely without ybii ; the world > seems so large and dgsplatei; there is sch- a ifenrible silen6e come injtomylife since you left hie ! Obi papa, papa r n J >2 < Someone— hftild Jlj . bh ; Terence ?— -came stealing over the graves to where I lay huddled on the damp ground. Yes ; it was that faithful servitor. I missed ye, Mim Ellen, and thought it would be just by here I'd find ye. Ah, now, what would the master say if he could see ye lying here, and the dew fallin' like raun ?' So I rose to my feet, steadied myself by the vault-rail for a moment, and took my way home, followed by poor Terence, scarcely less grief-stricken than his mistress. Chapter XII. The thread of .my story has now shifted from Hazledene to Aunt Idumea'a house in London. What then is there to say of my Land of Beulah ? Do you think it was forgotten in my changed life ? Do you think the friends of my child-life there were forgotten in the new ties and scenes among which my lot was cast ? Nay ; not so. When Aunt Ida said she could never again bring herself to part with me, I went down to Summerfield for a week, and might have been there still had hot the old lady herself come to fetch me. She delighted in these sudden appearances when she was least ex pected, and took to my three dear ladies at once, especially to Miss Mary. She also paid a visit to the Vicarage, to thank the vicar for his kindness to me in my trouble, and bis escort of me on that never-to-be-for gotten jonrney to Hazledene. I .must not omit to mention that at this time Miss 'Dosia was rendered almost help less, and a constant snfferer, from her rheu matics, and that, with this change in her physical condition, a wondrous mental one had come about. Her fingers were still as hard and knobby as ever, bat they had a way of clinging to a friendly hand ; and the face, that grew each day more worn and lined by pain, had lost much of its hardness. So touched was I by this strange new gentleness in my old enemy, that, on the occasion of our first meeting after my return to Summer- field, I bent down and kissed the pale cheek, that I had last seen wet with tears of pity for my own bitter grief, before I knew what I was doing. J list when the trees in Kensington Gardens had put on their fulness of summer beauty, Miss Mary wrote and told me that the vicar's sister was dead ; and I was glad to look back upon that unpremeditated 'kiss of peace.' I fancy the vicar must have been very lonely when Miss 'Dosia was gone. Is it not dear Charles Lamb who says that we miss even the crossnesses ' of those who are taken from us ? Well, it is true ; and I doubt not that my dear oh- f iend missed even the little tyrannies oi sister who died with her hand in hi% n a hope upon her lips that he had on uer for being so contrary in past days. At all events strange and marvellous news shortly reached me from my Land of Beulah. Miss Jane, the ; youngest of the three sisters, was going to be married to Mr. Girdstone, and Hie girls had had a whole holiday and a picnic to the Falls to celebrate the betrothal., -How I loved to hear of their quiet happiness ! I wanted to go and see them all at once ; but Aunt Ida said : ' No, no, Miss Nell ; I shall never get you back again ! She delighted in my three friends, and said she thought the vicar the most charming of mem, ' though why he should wear his hat so much on the back of his head, I'm sure I don't know, 'she. would add. But she was very jealous of them all, all the same It always seemed to me that she made a sort of expiation of her love of me for her resentful indignation at papa s marriage . with Eulalie, and the es trangement that had risen between them in consequence — an estrangement turned by death into lasting remorse. This reminds me to say that news of Lady Vansitart had not been - anting. We heard that the new owner of Hazledene had come to claim his own ; that he had several inter views with the beautiful widow ; that he at last agreed that she should rent the old house from him during her pleasure. Aunt Ida, who hated the branch of her family connections to which this cousin belonged, chuckled over this. ' She'll marry him in the end, my dear ; you'll see if she doesn't.' ' And then, I wonder, will Lettie Dove still live there ? I said. But to this auntie made no reply, She never had recognised the existence iff that young person, and was not going to begin to do so now. But in her prophecy as to Eulalie marrying the owner of Hazledene, Aunt Ida was wrong. That he was ardent to do so, on his second appearance in the county the autumn following, all the county knew ; that he was refused the boon he craved was also generally known, and that he went away in a state of abject despair. Now, as my dear father had left Eulalie wholly unshackled as to her future life, and as all the county knew that this was so, young Lady Vansitart. always popular, be came a universal idol. Her youth, her beauty, her faithfulness to the memory of a husband who had been ' almost old enough to be her father,' made a sort of halo about her fair head in the eyes of her neighbours ; and Miss Dove had the happiness and plea sure of murmuring pretty subdued assents to numberless encomiums upon her cousin's many virtues. She also murmured other things, about her cousin's s ;ep-daughter, ' as I subsequently learned : things, doubtless in teresting to the hearers thereof, but having one drawback of being a tissue of falsehoods from beginning to end. I make no doubt her plump white hands were often at work for the Dorcas- bas- ket, while her lips lied so glibly. Maybe she applied the oft-perverted text about charity covering a multitude - of sins' to her own case, and thought that the said basket condoned much slandering of her neighbour. I « as, according to !V< iss Lettie's version of things, an unmanageable, bad- tempered young woman, imbued by the vile and petty spirit of that innate jealousy that scents a wrong in the simplest wprd, and is .for ever misconstruing the actions of Mothers. ,1 had tried to make mischief between my , » father Jaudhis young wife ; fiually there ' had .been things' at school, of which, 'dear Lady , Vansitart ' knw ; which knowledge had pre,- , pared her' in some mejasureLfoj: the that ;n;lnr short, swept he: through her. I n ihancl'b daughter. ,V v : The only firing cretture . left" to mf1 : '.. ' ,-? ; v : 4i V-< i . v.:! »' ; Jap a had cared for was little Frizzle. So I oved Hie dog, and when he went outwalking —together with auntie's pug, that never ceased to snarl at his approach,' and, indeed, ultimately spent its last wheesy breath in a eeble defiance of him — in charge of the faithful Terence, many were the cautions given to that worthy retainer as to the habits and customs of the London dog- stealer. ' Terence was long since formally installed as antler in the quaint old house, that suited the . quaint old gentlewoman who inhabited it as perfectly as its shell suits a snail ; but we 'lived a somewhat quiet and retired life, and Terence had plenty of time on his hands to bake the two dogs Out airing. Unfortunately, bis distrust of the inhabitants of the metro- Dolis was snch, that he felt more comfortable in his mind with one of these animals tucked under each arm, than when they were dis porting themselves in the grass, barking at the ducks in the pond, or sniffing at the heel of strangers, who, however well dressed and immaculately respectable, were always, in the eyes of the watchful Terence, possible dog- stealers. ' Oh, Aunt Ida !' I said, as on a lovely autumn afternoon she and I sat by one of the tall windows at our work do look at Terence.' The old man was coming in from what he called 'exercising of the beasts.' From nnder one arm protruded the bullet-head of the pug, its pink tongue protruded, and a malevolent expression in the eye nearest to Frizzle, who balanced his enemy as one pan nier does another. Poor Pug was evidently in a high state of excitement, and wriggled his best — ineffectually. ' Ah ! be quiet and paceable can't ye ?' we heard Terence say ; : ' ye'll bring me grey hairs with sorrer to the grave wi' the tricks of ye, making ever so free wi' the biggest rogue ever I see, and him wi' a fine red herrin' tacked snug into each tail-pocket, I'll warrant.' Pug was in disgrace evidently. And it further appeared that the ' biggest of rogues' had really serious designs upon the . ' beastis for, following in Terence's wake. I saw a' tall lithe figure swinging along, and making for the garden gate. Terence touched his hat to us at the open window, and squeezed the two dogs so tightly that they both gave a yelp. Then he stood glowering at the stranger. But Auntie Ida, dropping her work, and letting the bobbins roll helter-skelter about the floor, clapped her small black-mittened hands together, and cried as the stranger stood with uncovered head beneath the window : ' Why, it's Royal 1' In another moment she had rushed into the hall, opened the door, and was pouring forth glad words of welcome. ' Now, who may " Royal " be ?' thought I to myself, leaning my arm on the window ledge, and looking at the. crimson flood of light that the setting sun was pouring through Hie trees in the distance, till they looked as if they were on fire. A tall young fellow, with curly brown locks and beard to match, a bright winsome face, and attired in a velveteen coat and a soft, low-crowned felt hat — that was what Royal was like to look at. Who he might be was a mystery. But Pug seemed to know all about it, for I heard him blundering about the hall in an ecstacy of delight, and barking little sharp short barks that were the best welcome he knew how to give. Then I heard a clear ringing voice say : ' There you are, Pug ; fatter than ever. I declare !' and I was sure that obese animal was being patted, and grovelling and abasing himself at the new-comer's feet in consequence. The babble of Aunt Ida's treble voice, the deeper tones of her com panion's, died away as the library door was shut upon the two, and I was left alone watching the sunset. Somehow, in the rosy mist that its brightness made before my eyes, I saw the picture of a winsome face, a curly head uncovered, a pair of deep blue eyes, full of laughter, looking upwards, and a smile the sweetest I had seen since — was it really long ago, or did it only seem so ? — papa waved his" hand to me in a farewell that wa3 now my dearest memory of him. ' The Lord forgive me, Miss Ellen, for an old fool that's bin and called one of the mis tress's friends, and him a rale gentleman, " the biggest rogue as. ever was." What '11 1 do, at-all at-all, that's committed meself along of them beastis, and isn't fit to stand in a lady's presence, or hold me old head up as one that's used to be along o' the quality.' This lament from Terence, delivered in a quavering voice, and accompanied by much sighing and shaking of the head, broke in upon my reverie, and made me turn my sun- dazzled eyes upon his distressed old face. ' I'm sure, Terence, you needn't fret about the mistake,' I began comfortingly, when the delinquent sprang aside as if he had a spring in his body, and Aunt Ida, followed by the supposed dog-stealer, came into the room. 'Nell, this is my adopted son, Royal Drew. Roy, this is my very dear niece, Nell Van sitart.' So Mr. Drew and I shook hands ; and as I looked up a pair of blue eyes full of merriment met mine. ' Perhaps you object to making the ac quaintance of the biggest of rogues, Miss Vansitart,' he said, laughing outright. ' No, I don't,' I answered, laughing too ; 4 but poor Terence is breaking his heart over his blunder. You see, he is quite a "coun try cousin" still, and has dog-stealers on the brain.' 4 1 believe it is a highly lucrative profes sion,' said Royal, gravely ; 4 but I must say I should hardly like to have to carry my old friend Pug very far.' Pug, who -stood wheezing at Mr. Drew's feet, wagging his tightlv-curled tail as much as its nature would permit Of, looked up on hearing his name, and, with a gigantic effort, stood up on end, resting his front paws on his knee. Pug is as glad to see you, Roy, as I atn, said Aunt Ida, tears : twinkling ip her eyes as she spoke ; then, with an evident wish: to, take refuge in commonplaces, she die' - his attention to the red glow of sunset through the trees: ThereJS a bit lor an artist now ! Just look at that rpddy gpld tipt ; yon ought to have your palette here. rir'.5 . , !Sp jRqyal is Sti' artisjb, .thougjij; I tp mysqlfj artistic : 'pnjtis/pf ;bjs' pjtome.'f, "Alt Ihb ffieh had Tbitiierto' \m ' ' £ SJITtf s- .il.: .' ' .' I .!; : frock-coats ; and I thought of the dead leaf coloured velveteen, with a red rose in the button-hole, and the loosely knotted, scarf, a picturesque and agreeable change Don't look at Roy as if you thought ho had dropped from the clouds, Nell,' put in Aunt Ida impatiently. 'Indeed, I have not dropped from the clouds, Miss Vansitart,' said he, as I took my place at the round table by the hearth, that was, now filled with ferns ; ' the fact is, I have been in disgrace ; haven't I, Aunfc Ida ?' and he bowed his handsome head as if his sins pressed heavily upon him. ' You are forgiven now, Royal,' said the old lady, with a tremble in her voice % then she held out to him her little black- mittened hand, and he, taking it reverently and tenderly in his, raised it to his lips. Chivalry in a man never fails to make h?w attractive in the eyes of a woman ; and as I handed Royal his tea, I felt that I was glad he was not only a penitent, but a shriven one When Royal left us, the pug, who persisted in standing whining at the gate, with his snub nose dolorously elevated, had to be fetched in by Terence, who was too subdued in spirit even to rebnke the perverseness of the ' cratur's ' conduct ; indeed, the ' beastis might have been guilty of almost any enor mities without fear of retribution for the rest of that day. Leading off the hall in my new home was a tiny many-cornered room that Aunt Idumea called her 'snuggery.' It was cer tainly not meant for a large party to be snug in ; indeed, three friends filled it well. A lamp hung from the ceiling, its light softened by a shade painted with Watteaa groups, A low couch with double ends— a very valley of poppies — stood at one side of the low open fiie-place ; and, so placed as to be within reach of the occupant of the f same, was an ebony book-stand, wherein reposed works, plainly bound, by Aunt Ida's favourite authors : Chaucer, Spencer, Dryden, my friend John Bunyan, De la Motte Fouquet, and many others. Vis-a-vis to the valley of poppies was a chair — such a chair ! a perfect haven of rest — wide and low, and spreading outward at the sides, without any definite arms, yet yielding the most delicious support to the elbows. The room held no large table, only a Chippendale or two, tall and slender ; and on the walls, in oval ebony frames, a ere a few rare en gravings ; flowers on brackets — three or four choicest blossoms in specimen glasses — liere and there made the little chamber sweet; and to-night, the night of the day on. which Royal Drew came from wherever he had been while in disgrace, they gave out their scent all the more lavish'y, bscause the first fire of autumn glimmered un the hearth, and its warmth drew out their sweetness. ' Doesn't the very first fire after the sum mer seem cosy ?' I said to Aunt Ida. ' After all, there is no season so nice as autumn.' Auntie made no answer ; she was holding a screen of crimson feathers between her face and the fire, and from the rapt expres sion on her face might have been reading her fortune in its gently-stirring plumes. At my side stood a work-stand ; it was formed like a cup, supported on a tripod, and filled with skeins of wool, also with my last pet, Tabitha, a little pussie as » hite as milk, just come to that time of life when her own tail was a puzzle to her. There she sat, a compact patch of white fur, upon a bed iff crimson wools, evidently in a state of no small wonderment as to the fluffy tip that persisted in following her everywhere, and now and then stirred itself gently, as if to provoke her to make-a dart at it with a ven turesome paw. ' Isn't it a funny thing, pussy ?' I said, laughing ; ' if I were you, I'd bite it.' » Auntie wouldn't talk to me, and I did want someone to chatter to. I could not have told anyone, not even myself, why I felt so light of heart. It was as if in the midst of a dull grey da|r you were wander ing through hill and vale, and all at once the sheen of the sunshine gladdened the world and you with it, so that you would like to sing as you went. Well, something bright had shone out for me — a smile like the one I had lost ; a pair of blue eyes that told me they found me fair. So, in the gladness of my heart, as I had no one else to talk to, I talked to Miss Puss. Presently she clambered on to the edge pf the work- basket, and gave a little piteous mew as it dawned upon her that beyond its limits were perils innumerable. I lifted her on my knee from which she slid, and took to wandering about the carpet ; but iu came Terence with the coffee, and in a moment pussy was on her back, with four little white paws in the air and claws extended, while Pug stood over her triumphantly, and Frizzle, barking like mad, danced round the two. The din roused auntie from her fit of musing, and soon poor puss, whose only fault was in her misfortunes, was - banished, and Pug sat serenely with his tongue out, basking in the luxury of the fire. ' Well, child, and what do you think of Roy ?' The question made me start, for just at that moment I was thinking with all my might' of the individual in question — in fact, wondering when he would come again. Aunt Ida smiled at my confusion. Curious, my dear, like all our sex, I see, she said, slowly waring the scarlet feathers to and fro ; you've been puzzling your littie head all day, I suppose, about my adopted son, who dropped from the clouds like a meteor.' ' L was a good deal surprised, Aunt Ida, because I didn't know there was such a per son.' ' Quite so ; well, yop know it now, child ; you'd , have known more, about your old auntie Jong since if she hadn't been such a quarrelsome old woman all her davs.' In a moment I had pushed Pug out of the snd was down on my ltnpua on tin white furry rug. with' my arms. on anntiel . .knees nd my hands holding kens. < : - ' She is not a quarrelsome old woniaiiJ; she . is the dearest, kindest, best ! I cried, kiasi- ing the little black tnitberis as . over Royial himself "could hav£ done: _ Dod sent hfer to comfort tnV Avhen.I Joml ; d„Uj r x .WW im is4 one whit less outwardly dignified for the tears that chased each other down her cheeks ; « j'in a silly old -woman to-night instead of a quarrelsome one ;the sight of Roy's blue eyes has set my thoughts running on the past. Nell, would yon like to hear a love story ? From the training that had been mine, love was to me no vulgar jest, but a sacred mystery. From the day that I had read Ivanhoe,' suffered with the Jewish maiden as she bade farewell to Rowena, daring say no parting word to the man both loved, to the day when the deeper pathos of Evangeline's patient tenderness, and Jane Eyre's passionate devotion, spoke yet more loudly to my heart, love had been to me a sacred thing; but these creations were, after all, but phantoms ; now I was going to hear the real love story of a real person— to be told of things, not what might have been, but that had been. Whose love story, auntie, are you going to tell me?' I said, settling myself in a com fortable heap on the rug at her feet, while Pug, with his tail quite uncurled and l'mp, crept dejectedly into the vacant corner that was left. ' Mine, child,' she answered, laying her hand on my shoulder. Then she was silent again, watching, as it seemed, faces in the fire. I- stroked her hand gently, by way of re minder that I wa3 waiting for the promised story. ' Yes, yes,' she said, smiling at my im patience; 'yon know I must begin "pro perly at the beginning," as the children say, and I am searching for the end of the thread. Well ; does it sound very conceited, I wonder, for an old woman to say she was once a. beauty ?' I shook my head ; but the word ' once seemed out of place. I have never since seen such a beautiful old lady as was my Aunt Idumea. I hardly think there are such old ladies nowadays. Lovely, with no futile striving after youth, but lovely with the loveliness of small high features, silver- white hair, and that exquisite grace of speech and manner »that ia to a woman, be she old or young, what its perfume is to a flower. ' Yes ; I was a beauty, Nell, and I liked being admired — what woman, indeed, does not, save the one who, finding the grapes out of reach, says she knows them to be sour? I had the dire misfortune to lose my mother just when most I needed her, and it seemed to me as if God sent a friend across my path to soften the pain of my loss. My friend was a year or two older than myself, and — go the world said — not so handsome ; but to me she was perfection. I could not be happy without Alice by my side, and my father offered her a home with us. We had scarce a thought hidden from the other. ' Alice and I were very happy together, and " gradually my sorrow for the dear \- mother I had lost became less passionate and more resigned. The old house at home was merry with our laughter and our songs. There is one window in a turret there that to this day I could not look up at without fancying a blonde head among the greenery, and a little hand flinging rose leaves in a scented shower upon my lap as I sit reading in the garden ; and ' Gather ye roses while ye may,' sings the voice that is silent this many a long year. I remember that one day so well because, just as its light was dying, and a star or two had begun to shimmer in the soft summer sky, Royal Drew first be came' my father's guest. 3 ' Royal Drew ?'- I said, under my breath. 'Yes; a Royal, blue-eyed and bonny as the Roy you saw to-day ; a Royal with the same sweet quick-coming smile, the same nameless charm in all he said and did.' Here auntie stopped a moment in her story, and I felt the hand that nestled in mine grow chill. ' In the days that followed I gathered the roses of life eagerly enough; but they were set thick with thorns, Nell, and the thorns tore my heart. It is not a very new story I have to tell you, child ; the thing has happened often before, and will happen often again, that a woman should believe herself loved, when all the time she is only trusted. I fancied I was the heroine of a romance, and, after all, I was only play ing the rdle of confidante. I have said that I was vain of my beauty, but love, if it "casteth out fear," also casteth out vanity. I cared not to read in any other eyes than in Roy's blue ones that I was fair ; I shrank from the notice of others as from something that desecrated the new sweetness that wak shining for me over all the world. Alice and I were always together, always loving as of yore, but there was one name we seldom spoke— the name of Royal Drew. No woman can speak glibly of the man who has stolen her heart. For her the very walls have ears to catch the tremor of her voice as she speaks his name ; the very daisies in the field are like a thousand eyes spying out her secret. I dreamt my dream ; I strove to be worthy of the gift I fancied was my own ; I read the books that Royal loved; fought with the crazy German characters that I might study his favourite authors, Goethe and Schiller ; no task seemed too hard to undertake if only I might render myBelf a truer companion for a highly cultured man. I was grateful for my friend's silence ; I thought ithadite rise in her delicate thought for me. The end came at last, Nell. Over there, under the trees, dear, with the soft May sun shine filtering through the tender green of the young leaves, Royal told her that he loved my friend. He said that he had seen my sympathy for him, that he knew I had read his heart long since. He was so full of thoughts of Alice that— God be thanked ! — he hardly looked at me. He held my hand close in a brotherly clasp, as he told me the tale of the last few weeks of hopes, and fears, and lover's fancies. But his voice came all blurred and indistinct to my ears ; he seemed to be speaking from somewhere a great yray .off ; I could not see the sunshine, and the trees were bnt a dull mist of green. ' You aregladf Ida, are you not? You have always been my friend, I know— nay, more ; von hive been like a sister to me who am so Strangely without kfthor to-arewu not fdad Alice loves me ? IJieard, Nell, this time, clearly enopgh ; and God gave me ebtagSrto loo f> » lace and say : Pob tine, Cfe fcpff ni wn ttw story that «he had set herself to tell me ! And yet/ unhappy as her love had been, I felt it was her woman's croWn — the love ' that never found its earthly close,' was still divine, nay, the diviner in that through suffering it was purified. - Alice and Royal were married m the summer that followed that spring j and as he had just obtained an Indian appointment, they passed away from my ken together. That they were happy, I have never doubted, but it was with a . happiness that did not last through the second year. By one mail l had a letter from my friend full of the very sunshine of content ; in the to® came by the mail following I read the birth of her son, and the record of her death. Roy was free, and I had lost my dearest mend. Time passed on, bat I never heard anything of Royal. At thirty years of age I married Bertie Lnmley, a man twenty years older than myself. He had had his romance, as I mine ; but we were very happy together, and grew nearer to each other as the years went on. You know, don't you, child, that for t wo years before his death my husband was a help less sufferer ? Well, it may seem strange to say so, but I look back upon those two years as among the happiest of my life. I was eyes and hands and feet to him ; I learnt more and more of the chastened beauty of bis mind mid character as our quiet com panionship went on from day to day, and from week to week. He suffered much, yet never complained throughout those two long weary years. When he died it was as if a strain of music had died out of my life. At the time of your mother's death, Nell, I wanted your father to let me have you : he refused, and I showed myself a quarrelsome old woman. That is how it has come about that you and I have seen so little of each other, child. Well, not very long ago — four years or so — I went to an exhibition of pictures. Among them was one everybody was talking about ; I turned to the catalogue, and found the artist's name — Royal Drew. Then someone said softly to me : " There is the artist him self. See — at the other side of the room, talking to that lady in olive-green." Nell, I turned round, and saw the Royal who had stood by my side in the sunshine that filtered through the fresh young leaves in Kensington Gardens. "Dear Mrs. Lumley, are you ill ?" said the friend who was with me. No ; I was not ill, but I had seen a ghost of my youth, and the sight had sent the blood curdling round tbe heart that should have been too old to beat so heavily at the sight of a pair of blue eyes.' — "All the Year Round." (to be coettntjeb.) 