WITH THE ENTREES. ? ONCE when I waa a pirate !-' The speaker waa an elderly gentleman in correct evening dress, the room a tasteful one, the company of infinite respectability, the locality at once fashionable and exclusive, the occasion an unexceptionable dinner. To this should be added that the speaker was also the host. With these conditions self-evident, all that good breeding could do was to receive the statement with a vague smile that might pass for good-humoured incredulity or courteous acceptation of a simple fact. Indeed I think we all rather tried to convey the impression that our host when he uns a pirate-if he ever really was one-was all that a self-respecting pirate should be, and never violated the canons of good society. The idea was, to some extent, crystallized by the youngest Miss Jones in the exclamation, ' Oh, bow nice 1' ' It was, of course, many years ago, when I was quite a lad.' We all murmured ' Certainly,' as if piracy were a natural expression ot the exuberance of youth. ' I ought, perhaps, to explain the circum- stances that led me into this way of life.' Here Legrande, a courteous attache of the Patagonian legation, interposed in French, and an excess of politeness, ' that it was not of a necessity,' a statement to which his English neighbour hurriedly responded, ' Otu, Otu".' ' There ess a hoke,' he continued, in a well bred, rapid whisper, ' from Captain Canot-a Frenchman-most eenteresting-he was-oh, a fide mon of education-and what yon call a "alavair ;"' bot here be was quietly nudged into respectful silence. ' I ran away from home/ oontinued our host. He paused, and then added, appealingly, to the two distinguished foreigners present : * I do not know if I can make you understand that this is a peculiarly American predilection. The exodus of the younger males of an American family against the parent's wishes does not, with us, necesarily crary any obloquy with it. To the average American the pros- pect of fortune and a better condition lies Outside of his home ; with you the home means the estate, the succession of honours or titles, the surety that the conditions of life shall all be kept intact. With us the children who do not expect, and generally succeed in improving the fortunes of tbe house, are marked excep- tions. Do I make myself clear?' The Freach-Patagnnian attaché thought it was 'charming and progressif.' The Baron Von Pretzel thought he had noticed a move- ment of that kind in Germany, which was expressed in a single word of seventeen syllables. Viscount Piccadilly said to his neighbour : 'That, you know now, the younger sons, don't you see, go to Australia, you know, in some beastly trade-stock-raising or sheep-you know ; but, by Jove ! them fellahs-' ' My father always treated me well' con- tinued our host. *I shared equally with my brothers the privileges and limitations of our New England home. Nevertheless, I ran away and went to sea-' ' To see-what ?' asked Legrande. ' Aller sur mer,' said his neighbour, hastily. ' Go on with your piracy !' said Miss Jones. The distinguished foreigners looked at each other and then at Miss Jones. Each made a mental note of the average cold-blooded ferocity of the young American female. '. I shipped on board of a Liverpool "liner," ' continued onr host. ' Whatessa " liner?" ' interrupted Legrande, soUovoce, to his next neighbour, who pretended not to hear him. ' I need not say that these were the days when he had not lost not our carrying trade, when American bottoms-' 'Qu'est ce, "bot toom,"' said Legrande, imploringly, to bis other friend. * When American bottoms still carried the bulk of freight, and the supremacy of our flee-' ' I deserted the ship st Liverpool-' But here two perfunctory listeners suddenly turned toward the other end of the table, where another guest, our Nerada Bonanza lion, was evidently in the full flood of pioneer anecdote and narration. Calmly disregarding the defection, fae went ou : ' I deserted the ship at Liverpool in con- sequence of my ill-treatment by the second mate-a man selected for his position by reason of his superior physical strength and recognised brutality. I have been sinoe told that he graduated from the State prison. On the second day out I saw him strike a man eenesless with a belaying pin for some trifling breach of discipline. I saw bim repeatedly beat and kick side men-' 'Did you ever read Dana's "Two Years before the Mast?"' asked Lightbody, our heavy literary man, turning to Ids neighbour, in a distinctly audible whisper. ' Ah 1 there's a book 1 Got all this sort of thing in it. Dev'lishly well written, too.' The Patagooion (alive for information): ' Who ess this Dana, eh Î' His left hand neighbour (shortly) : ' Oh, that mao I' His right hand neighbour (curtly) : 'The fellow who wrote the Encyclopaedia and edits The .Sun, that was put up in Boston for the English mission and didn't get it.' The Patagonian (making a mental diplomatic note of the fact that the severe discipline of the editor of Thé Sun, one of America's pro- foundest scholars, while acting from patriotic motives, as the second mate of an American 'bottom,' had unfitted him for diplomatic service abroad) : ' Ah, ciel!' ' I wandered on the quays for a day or two, until I was picked up by a Portugese sailor, who, interesting himself in my story, offered to procure me a passage to Fayal and Lisbon,' where, he assured me, I could find more com- fortable and profitable means of returning to my own land. Let me say here that this man, although I knew bim afterwards as one of the most unscrupulous and heartless of pirates in fact, the typical buccaneer of the books was to me always kind, considerate, and, at times, even tender. He was a capital seaman. I gave this evidence in favour of a much ridiculed race, who had been able seamen for centuries.' ' Did you ever read that Portugese Guide- book ?' asked Lightbody of his neighbour ; 'it's the most exquisitely ridiculous thing ' Will the great American pirate kindly go on, or resume his original functions,' said Miss Jones over the table, with a significant look in the direction of lightbody. But her anxiety was instantly misinterpreted by the polite and fair-play loving Englishman : ' I say, now, don't you know that the faot is these Portu- guese fellahs are always ahead of us in the discovery business ? Why, you know-' 'Ishipped with him on a brig, ostensibly bound to St. Kitts and a market. We had scarcely left port before I discovered the true charaoter of the vessel. I will not terrify you with useless details. Enough that all that tra- dition and romance has given yon of the pirate's life was ours. Happily, through the kindness of my Portuguese friend, I was kept from being an active participant in scenes of which I was an unwilling witness. But I must always bear my testimony to one fact. Our discipline, our esprit de corps, if I may so term it, was perfect. No benevolent society, no moral organisation, was ever so personally self-BBcrificing, so honestly loyal to one virtuous purpose, as we were to our one vice. Tbe individual was always merged in the purpose. Wheo our captain blew out the brains of our quartermaster, one day-' 'That reminds me-did you read of that Georgia murder ?' began Lightbody ; ' it was in all the papers I think. Oh, I beg your pardon-* ' i or amply interrupting mm m a conversa- tion with our second officer,' continued our boat, quietly. ' The act, although harsh and perhaps unnecessarily final, waa, I think, indorsed by the crew. James, pass the.cham paine to Mr. Light body.' He paused a moment for the usual casual interruption, but even the active Legrande was silent. Alas ! from the other end of the table came the voice of the Bonanza man : 'The rope was around her neck. Well, gentlemen, that Mexican woman standing there, with that crowd around her, eager for uer blood, dem my skin t if she didn't call out to the sheriff to hold ou a min it. And what for t Ye can't guess t Why, one of them long braids she wore was under the noose, and kinder in the way. I remember her raising her hand to her neck and givin' a spiteful sort of jerk to the braid that fetched it outside the slip-knot, and then.saying to the sheriff: " There, d-n ye, go on." There was a sort o' thoughtfulness in the sot, a kind o' keerless, easy way, that jist fetched the boys-even them thet hed the ropes in their hands, and they'-(suddenly recognising the silence) : ' Ob, beg pardon, old man ; didn't know I'd have chipped into your yarn-heave ahead, don't mind me.' ' What I am trying to tell yon is (his : One night, in the Carri bean Sea, we ran into one of Itbe Leeward Islands, that had been in olden time a rendezvous for our ship. We were piloted to our anchorage outside tty my Perta guese friend, who knew the locality thoroughly, and on whoas dexterity and skill we puosd the greatest rebanee. If anything more had been necessary to fix this circumstance in my mind, it would have been the fact that two or three days before he had assured me that I should presently have the means of honourable discharge from the pirate's crew, and a return to my native and, A launch was sent from the ship to communicate with onr friends on the island, who supplied os with stores, pro- visions, and general information. The launch was manned "by eight men, and officered by the first mate-a 'grim, Puritanical, practical New Englander, u I may use such a term to describe a pirate, of great courage, experience, and physical strength. My Portuguese friend, acting as pilot, prevailed upon them to allow me to accompany the party as coxswain. I was naturally anxious, you can readily com- prehend, to see-1 'Certainly,' 'Of course,' 'Why shouldn't you ?' went round the table. 'Two trustworthy men were sent ashore with instructions. We, meanwhile, lay off the low, (palm-fringed beach, our crew lying on their oars, or giving way just enough to keep the boat's head to the breakers. The mate and myself sat in the stern sheets, looking shore- ward for the signal. The night was intensely black. Perhaps for this reason never before had I Been the phosphorescence of a tropical sea so strongly marked. From the great open beyond, luminous crests and plumes of pale fire lighted themselves, ghost-like, at onr bows, sank, swept by us with long, shimmer- ing, undulating trails, broke on the beach in silvery crescents, or shattered their brightness on the black rooks of the promontory. The whole vast sea shone and twinkled like another firmament, against which the ligares of our men, sitting with their faces toward us, were outlined darkly. The grim, set features of our first mate, sitting beside me, were faintly illuminated. There was no sound, but the whisper of passing waves against our lap streak, and the low, murmuring conversation of the men. I had my face toward the shore. As I looked over the glimmering expanse, I suddenly heard the whispered name of our first mate. As suddenly, by the phosphores, cent light that surrounded it, I saw the long trailing hair and gleaming shoulders of a woman floating beside ns. Legrande, you are positively drinking nothing I Lightbody, you are shirking the Burgundy-you used to like it!' He paused, bnt no one spoke. ' I-let me see ! where was I ? Oh, yes I Well, I saw the woman, and when I turned to call the attention of the first mate to this fact, I knew instantly, by some strange instinct) that he had seen and heard her, too. So, from that moment to the conclusion of oat little drama, we were silent, but enforced spec- tators. ' She swam gracefally-silently ! I remember noticing through that odd, half- wierd, phos- phorescent light which broke over her shoulders as she rose and fell with each quiet stroke of her splendidly rounded arms, that she was a mature, perfectly-formed woman. I remember, also, that when she reached the boat, and, supporting herself with one small hand on the gunwale, ebe softly called the mate in a whisper by his Ohristisn name, I had a boyish idea that she was-the-er-er female of his species-his-er-natural wife I I'm boring yon- am I not?' Two or three heads shook violently and negatively. The youngest, and, I regret to say, the oldest, MÍBS Jones uttered together sympathetically, ' Go on- please ; do !' ' The-woman told him in a few rapid words that he hod been betrayed ; that tho two men sent ashore were now in the hands of the authorities ; that a force was being organised to capture the vessel ; that instant flight was necessary, and that the betrayer and traitor was-my friend, the Portuguese, Fernandez I * The mate raised the dripping, little brown hand to his lips, and whispered some undis- tinguishable words in her ear. I remember seeing her turn a look of ineffable love and happiness npon his grim, set face, and then she was gone. She dove as a duck dives, and I saw ber shapely head, after a moment's suspense, reappear a cable's length away towards the Bhore. ' I ventured to raise my eyes to the mate's face ; it was cold and impassive, I turned my face toward the crew ; they were conversing in whispers with each other, with their faces toward us, yet apparently utterly oblivious of the scene that had just taken place in the stern. There was a moment of silence, and then the mate's voice came out quite impas- sively, bnt distinctly : ' *' Fernandez 1" ' " Aye, aye, sir 1" * " Come aft and-bring your oar with you." ' He did so, stumbling over the men, who, engaged in their whispered yarns, didn't seem tn notice him. ' " See if you can find soundings here." 'Fernandez leaped over the stern and dropped his oar to its shaft in the phosphores- cent tfater. But he touched no bottom ; the current brought the oar at right angles pre- sently to the surface. '"sena lt down, man, aud the mate, imperatively ; " down, down. Reach over there. What are you afraid of T So ; ateady there ; I'll hold you." ' Fernandez leaned ovei the ¡stern and sent the oar and half of hie bared brown arm into the water. In an instant the mate caught him with one tremendous potential grip at hie elbows, and forced him and bis oar bead downward in the waters. The act was so sndden, yet so carefully premeditated, that no outcry escaped the doomed man. Even the launch scarcely dipped her stern to the act. In that awful mement I heard a light laugh from one of the men in response to a wanton yam from his comrade. James, bring the Vichy to Mr. Lightbody I You'll find that a dash of cognac will improve it wonderfully. ' Well-to gp on-a few bubbles arose to the surface. Fernandez seemed unreasonably passive, until I saw that when the mate had gripped his elbows with his hands he had also firmly locked the traitor's knees within his own. In a few mements-it seemed tome, then, a century-the mate's grasp relaxed; the body of Fernandez, a mere limp, leaden mass, slipped noiselessly and heavily into the sea. There was no splash. The ocean took it calmly and quietly to its depths. The mate turned to the men, without deigning to cast a glance on me. '"Oars!" ' The men raised their oars apeak. '"Let fall!" ' There was a splash in the water, encircling the boat in concentric Unes of molten silver. ' " Give way !" ' Well, of course, that's all ! We got away away in time. I knew I bored you awfully ! Eh ? Oh, you want to know what became of the woman-really, I don't know 1 And myself-oh, I got away at Havana ! Eh? Certainly; James, you'll find some smelling salts in my bureau. Gentlemen, I fear we have kept the ladies too long.' But they had already risen, and were slowly filing out of the room. Only one lingered-the youngest Miss Jons«. ' That was a capital story,' she said, pausing beside our host, with a special significance in her usual audacity. ' Do yon know you absolutely sent cold chills down my spine a moment ago. Really, now, you ought to write for the magazines 1' ?Bret Harte._ IROCKUMPTON OtTEKNSLAND : printed by C. H. Buzacott, nola proprietor, at the BUILETU* Machine Printing Office Denliam- rtreet, Septen bcrl ISM. 