Ulctijopolilan Cfesijj. the palace garden. " Have you been to the Exhibition?" is now the questiqn everybody puts to his or her friend. It makes a hew change from the variable one of, " What do you think of the weather?" The re sponse to the first query generally opens up a most ; agreeable chat, for . the variety aud manifold won ders to be. viewed at the great fair is such as to afford scope for. the widest range of conversation. The weather is lovely, Tendering the attractions of the Garden Palace irresistibly charming. The noble building, standing as it; does in such a lovely situation, would, apart from the works of art and inventive skill that it contains, be an object well worth inspecting ; and when the casket as well as the gems it contains are so beautiful, little wonder that it should be the desire of all eyes. On the shilling (days the. fair is crowded, and those who once go form the laudable- resolve of going again ; .and, thanks for tlie good arrangement of cheap fares, the million will- be able to enjoy a- cheerful aud instructive pleasure. Sir Henry Parkes has -promised to use his best endeavours that the Ex hibition' shall be opened at- night, to enable our working classes to have a fuller and freer opportu nity of visiting it frequently ; and it is to be hoped that our Premier -will succeed in his. undertaking, for \yhat better or more usefql a way of passing-ah evenihg-than in the- contemplation of "the vast col lection of the works of mau's ingenuity and the .-Creator's bounty. - Music of the best kind, too, en livens' the scene. Unpacking and arranging are are still going oh at a brisk rate, and it is probable that a month's hard work will have to he wrought ere. perfect older prevails and the exhibits are all viu their proper places. One of the most attractive shows in the outer grounds of the Garden Palace is that in which a number of Fijians, among whom , is a notorious criminal, enact a cannibal feast. A large collection of curiosities," collected from the South Sea Islands generally, are most grotesque and. interesting. But the Fijians themselves are the most remarkable and sensational characters im aginable. They are dressed in a manner at once fantastic and startling. The leading cannibal is very chatty and communicative, giving lively .ac counts of the feasts in humau flesh that he haspio- vided and participated in, and, with infinite gusto, informs the spectators that his favourite dish is a young boy— " him berry tender." It. the Queens- ; land Court there is an exhibit that is specially worth examination, as being a novelty iu the .natural history line. . It ought to be grand also, for it bears a most imposing name, though only called native salmon by the dwellers on the banks, of the Mary and Burnett Rivers. The Cerotodus Forsteri is half .-fish, half lizard, having no gills , and only ..one lung. It is also interesting as being purely of a cretaliuus formation. .. : \ „ . a silver cradle. The time-honoured custom of presenting the mayor of a city, with a silver cradle if during his mayoralty he has a child born unto him, has been observed in favour, of our popular civic chief. : On 26th of August Mrs. Roberts presented hiiu with a daughter, and in commemoration of the auspicious evcut the aldermen have presented his worship with a handsome little cradle, cleverly desigued iu filagree work, with a canopy of the same descrip tion. This is the second valuable gift Mi. Roberts has received within a month. He sows kindness and generosity, and reaps a full harvest of the same kind. The wee 6tranger whose advent into this world of joys and sorrows has been marked by this favour will, no doubt, when she arrives at years of discretion, be very proud of this costly'toy, aud, if. spared to be a grandmother, will point it out to her children's children as a memento of the esteem in which her father was held. A great illusionist. Professor Pepper's entertainments are the even ing amusements par excellence. Every night the School of Arts is crowded with the lovers of the wonderful and the curious after instruction in oc cult mysteries ; and certainly the -marvels that the clever professor performs take the shine out of all the spirit seances ever attended. Ghosts appear, men are transformed iuto women, and sausages are, under the magic wand of the magician, who dis claims all pretension to the possession of super natural gifts, become a. pretty, frisking poodle dog. These metermophosis are real, for the lady turned from a mau sang a song most sweetly in the real femiuine treble, and the lap-dog came and was stroked by many of . the audience. Of course, semi-darkqess prevailed while these miracles were being performed, and music of a wiered sort was played, so that the whole scene was a perfect en chantment, leaving the impression that one was paying a visit to the castle of Torauto. The tor- ..pedo warfare illustrated by the Professor was most instructive and entertaining. . The experiments were without a flaw, and it was thrilling to watch the dangerous little weapons of destruction glide up to the powerful ironcla'des, and in a trice send them, sinking down in the deep, never more to rise. Truly, warfare is now a scientific mode of whole sale slaughter ; not as formerly— man to man in deadly conflict — but a terrible engine, murdering thousands at one stroke of shell. ' STELLA. Sydney. Friday evening. 