SKETCH. CONCERNING THE PARSON WITHOUT A PAKISH. "Thisboy,"says the constable, "although lie'S repeatedly told to, won't move on." "I'm always a-inoving on, sir," cries the boy, wiping away LIIS grimy tears with his arm. " I've always been a-moving and armoving on, over 6ince I was born. Where can I possibly move to, sir, more nor I do move 1" " He won't move on," says the constable, calmly, with a slight professional hitch of his neck, involving its better settlement in his stiff stock," although lie s been repeatedly cautioned, and therefore I am obliged to take him into custody. He's an obstinate young gonopli, as I know. He won't move on." " O riiy eye! Where can I move to ?" cries the • • Ir Dickens's " Bleak Iioaee." Being a clergyman and a trifle over fifty, some articles on " The Parson without a Parish " that have appeared recently in different religious journals hare filled me with alarm. And as the question, What shall I do with myself arid family while I am seeking a new charge ? must have presented itself to more than one ministerial brother, and caused him intense anxiety, I do not think I can do better than to lay sisidc my sermon, which, by the way, is upon Daniel in the Lion's Den, and give ray meditations to the public. The main drift of the articles in question was, that the parson who has resigned his pulpit and is waiting a new settlement, ought to movo on ; the writers do uot say whoro, but move on. Like poor Jo, the said parson lmint fool like tearing his hair and crying, u O my oyc, where 1" One writer culls the pavishless parson .a u tramp " another more picturesquely compares him to a " ghost skulking about the homo he once inhabited." I have always felt that one man against a church is large odds. My church has been in the main peaceful and quiet; but I am cortain if a clergyman should try stirring them up with sermons ou lying, covetousness, hypocrisy, and all uncleanness, he would soon wish himself at the bottom of the sea. He would not only bo driven from the pulpit, but kicked after he was out. By a judicious selection of texts, and confining myself striotly to doctrinal and historical subjects, I have succeeded in Bteering pretty clear of breakers ; still I do not know at what hour my deacons may tell me that the interests of Zion require a new shepherd, and I may become a parson without a parish; hence my alarm. Just what I should do in such an emergency I do not know. Mrs. Buttles's parents died many :years ago, and there are none of my relations that I should feel at liberty to live on. The nearest village, Padget Hill, is ten miles distant, and would be an inconvenient point to travel from, as it is twenty miles from the railroad, and the stage-coach passes through it only once a week. More than all this, by the most rigid economy I hare saved only three huudrod dollars in the twenty years I have been a preacher. My income cut off, I would naturally feel unwilling to spend much money in movingabout, and consequently I should make up my mind to stay in Griggsville till I found a new field of labour. Undoubtedly I would meet a good many black looks, and ten to one, my oldest deacon, Bijah Bullhead, would write a long article about a minister hanging about the parish after he had resigned, and have it published in " Our Church Organ." Now I can think of but three ways that a minister can be deposed of during the necessary period of waiting between parish and parish. First, lie might be killed; second, he might be chloroformed, and third, he might be shut up in a sort of ministerial pound. The first method is open to many grave objections. While the practice might recommend itself by destroying some week-kneed and foolish ministers, it would have the disadvantage of also destroying some of the most faithful, selfsacrificing, aud useful members ot the profession. Chloroforming, though more feasible, has its difficulties. Chloroform is an expensive drug, and some one skilled in its use would have to be in attendance on the parson during his long anesthesia. The prolonged use of it might be dangerous, and the poor parson would be very uncertain about his waking, even with the help of nitrite of amyl, if he had to be chloroformed for six months or a year. The ministerial pound presents few difficul- ties. The number required in each state would be determined by the population and the number of church organizations. The several denominations of Protestants might unite, so that all -could enjoy the privileges of the pound, and a. small yearly tax on all the churches would soon pay for the erection of suitable buildings, and would provide for their ensuing expenses. Doubtless all persons who think the parson without a parish " ought to move on," would give liberally toward an institution that would make the consummation of their desires possible. Unfortunate ministers, old ministers, modest ministers, ministers with large families, and, indeed, all members of the profession who find it difficult to make an immediate settlement, would be provided with a comfortable home, if they have no fortune, nor any relatives upon whom they are content to saddle themselves during a rainy day. A sort of intelligence office might be established in connection with the pounds that would be of incalculable benefit to both pastors and churches. Sprat, the grocer, may advertise his potatoes and cabbages, Tittlepaw his rat-traps and shingle- nails, and Green his new stock of prints, but my professional character would be gone for ever if I should put an advertisement like the following in " Our Church Organ ":— EV. URIAH XERXES BUTTLES, D.D., R late of Griggsville, U. S. Terroe, would like a settlement. The Rev. U. X. B. is a voluminous author. ("Butties' First Principles of Religion," "Perseverance of the Saints," and "The Apple of Sodom" are known to all the reading public). _ * His personal appearance is good, hair a bright auburn, nose Roman, eyes light blue and very short-sighted, but' his laige gold-bowed spectacles 'improve his beauty. Aged fifty-two. Preaches with or without notes, is entirely orthodox, and is considered a very Bafe, sound, and withal attractive preacher. Mrs. Buttles, neb Mary Jane Robbs, is a meek and quiet sister who nearly always does as she is bidden. She is an invaluable helper in the parish work, as she plays the organ when necessary, conducts the female prayer-meetings, female missionary society, sewing society, has a class in Sunday-school, and visits a groat deal. While not wishing to hoard up lucre and the things of this world, the Rov.U. X. B. would like a support which will not only keep him free from debt, but leave a small sum, as live, ten, or fifteendollars over and abovo all expense? *»ttbe end of the year. N.B.—The Rev. U 13. always entertains agents and travelling brotlir , N.B.—The sewit society is always appointed to meet with Mrs. ,X. B. during muddy weather. N.B.—The Rev. U. X. 13. regrets that he is the father of six bright, intelligent, and somewhat mischievous boys, and hopes not to have any further increase in his family. Strange as the above may look and read, it furnishes precisely the sort of information requirSid by many churches, especially those in rural districts, and, if satisfactory, will give the candidate a place. Each pound could have a register fully describing every inmate of the building, and pulpit committees could very quietly determine from its pages who would be likely to Buit their several churches, and much chagrin would be spared the candidates. A hove all, the pound would confer a modicum of liberty upon the minister whe fears to speak his truost convictions, lest by BO doing he snatch the bread from his wife and little ones. We build almshouses and no end of asylums, send fine-toothed combs to the Niggerderwiggers and literature to the Sioux, but we provide no place of refuge for the old minister, nor for the hard-working parson who, from misfortune, or stress of circumstances—sometimes by his courageous adherence to God and his conscience—is turned upon the world with no place to lay his head; and, to add insult to injury, thoughtless, and somewhat malicious, persons are allowed to stigmatise such clergymen as " tramps" and " ghouls." To-day there are many honest, highminded Christian ministers without homes and parishes, and they have enough to bear, God knows, without having to endure the diatribes of tlieir neighbors. Poor Jo cried " Can't you never let such an unfortnet as me alone ? Aiu't I unfortnet enough for you yet 1 How unfortnet do you want me for to be? I've been a-chivied, and a-chived, and a-cliived fust by one on you, and next by another on you, till I am worritted to skins and bones." It seems to me his words must express the feelings of the Parson without a Parish. As a class, parsons are clean minded, hard working, sincere Christian men, and I cannot understand why they may not possess the privileges that other citizens enjoy without question or criticism. If the parson after he has resigned his charge may not eat his dinner of herbs where he pleases, even if it be in the town where he has spent himself in toil and prayer, without running the risk of losing his professional reputation, which with his fellows is his little all and only possession, I think Christian people ought to provide a place of refuge for him and his family. Such a refuge I have sketched in the ministerial pound, and I respectfully submit my scheme to tbe public, and return to my sermon and Daniel in the Lion's Den. URIAH XERXES BUTTLES, D.D. 