New South Wales. (FROM OUR SYDNEY CORRESPONDENT.] November 17. The education question now overshadows all other subjects. While Archbishop Vaughan and his coadjutors are frantically endeavoring to make their people believe they are suffering a great wrong, and about to be subjected to a species of refined slavery, the Government is calmly but determinedly pushing on the work of legislation, with a view to establishing a truly national and equitable system of public education. The Bill to Amend the Public Schools Act of 1869 was introduced by the Premier into the Assembly on Wednesday last. On the same day the head of the Government also indicated the course of public business. After the Land Bill, Education Bill, and Electoral Bill are dealt with, the Government will go on with water supply and sewerage, and afterwards with such other measures as circumstances appear to justify, But it is the education question now, as I have said, that on grossespublionUcntion. The bill consists of thirty seven clauses. Its leading features have already been disclosed ; but a new element of interest was added to it, since its introduction, by a declaration of the Assembly on that troublesome question- the church and school estate. The Government, with a proper appreciation of the importance of the matter, went on with Mr, Buchanan's adjourned resolution after their own business had been disposed of on Thursday, and, greatly to Mr. Buchanan's satisfaction, moved an amendment affirming that a bill should be brought in by the Government as soon as practicable to declare those lands Crown lands, and to set apart the funds derivable there from solely for the purpose of public education. At present the revenue from this magnificent estate is apportioned at tho rate of five-sevenths for religion and the balance for education. The resolution now passed ment, therefore, the complete abolition of State aid to religion, even to ignoring claims that were only supposed to die out with the demise of those clergymen who are now in receipt of the stipends. Here is another cause for disaffection in the clerical ranks. It is worthy of remark, as in a measure indicating the state of opinion on the question, that the minority against the amended resolution consisted of five Roman Catholics. The leader of the Opposition, however, and other members of the old faith, with a more patriotic and independent spirit, voted with the Government, conceiving their policy in respect to these lands to be in accordance with public opinion and with justice. The hands of the Government are thus strengthened at the outset in dealing with a question about which there has been great diversity of opinion. They are certainly in luck's way. The Roman CatholioChiiruhauthoritieacom plain that the present system of public education is one that their people cannot take and van stage of, and that it is unfair to tax them for its support without giving them an equivalent for education that they can conscientiously accept and they also assert that the proposed amendment of the law will aggravate the injustice, by taking away what little aid is now given them. But the Catholic Church authorities never thought of the conscientious scruples of those religious denominations that would not accept a penny from the Church and School Uatitu fund. They went on taking their share of the plunder, regardless, too, of the voice of the people that it was wrong to devote any public money to the support of religion ; nor did the same Church authorities think it a sin to substitute the names of young clergymen for old ones, in order that the payment might be prolonged. The loan, probably, satisfied the unholy means. We have often heard the expression " holding a candle to the devil," but does not conduct of the above sort look like Satan holding a candle for the Church. Archbishop Vaughan is playing a dangerous game. Dis speeches, up to within the last fortnight, have been calm, dignified, and respectful, always eloquent, and from an oratorical point of view, pleasant to listen to but his address to the people of Balmain, on laying the foundation-stone of a new school, was the speech of a firebrand. His address was discussed in both Houses of Parliament last week, One member of the Assembly-a lawyer, but a very bad ono solemly suggested to the Government the advisability of prosecuting the Archbishop for attempting to incite the people to sedition ; but the tables were neatly turned upon this loyal individual by a quotation from a lecture he had himself delivered Soho years ago, on the wrongs of Ireland. Still, notwithstanding his obvious inconsistency, Mr. Uuchiinnu made out a strong case against Dr. Vaughan, especially in dealing with the Archbishop's very cool reference to Um torture of Catholics for their faith, and his description of the "scavenger's daughter." Talk about religious persecution, and torture for faith I It was a wonder the indignant ghost of some St. Bartholomew or Smithfield victim didn't rise up and rebuke him for his monstrous audacity. He must read history with one eye shut, And now Dr. Vaughan in trying to run his people into forming a Catholic Defence Association, a political organisation with a central committee that shall direct the votes of members ; but it appears that a pledge is required that members shall vote as the central committed may require. This, however, seemed to favor rather too much of the position of dumb di even cattle, and in consequence, we are told that several of the leading Catholics are holding aloof from the organisation. It is probable, in view of the want of unanimity at the outset, that the proposed organisation will not be formed. Last night, however (Sunday), after services in the churches were over a monster meeting of Roman Catholics was held in the grounds of St. Mary's pro-cathedral, when a resolution was passed, protesting against the bill now before the Legislature on four grounds : first, because the bill proposes to withdraw all aid from schools in which the religious instruction of members of the Roman Catholic Church can alone be given ; Secondly, because the system of State instruction proposed to be established by this measure is one of which the members of the Catholic Church cannot con- scientiously avail themselves ; thirdly, that the result would be to cast upon them the cost of educating their children, while they would be compelled, as taxpayers, to contribute towards the maintenance of the State system and fourthly, that the measure is at variance with the principle embodied in recent legislation in England, by which the conscientious difficulties of Catholics have been met. The legitimate course taken by the Catholics of Sydney in making their united protest will have more effect on the public mind and on the Legislature than all the violent speeches and the pantomine of Dr. Vaughan put together. Still, the whole matter resolves itself into a demand for State-aid towards the teaching of religion, and, whether that religion be taught in churches or schools, the State can recognise the claim of no sect for money to pay for it. The only other political matter of interest is the progress of the Land Bill. That measure was sent through its principal stages very expeditiously in the Assembly. Its third reading is appointed for the first Government day this week. The Government were in such a hurry to get the bill through that they resisted-orrathor ignored-a proposition for dividing the colony into free- selecting and squatting areas, and it is to be regretted that they could not wait to have the proposal discussed. This is the only cure for the war between the two great divisions of landholders. With regard to the Electoral Bill, the introduction of that measure is promised this week. It is substantially the same as the last bill, with certain modifications as to representa- tion. The budget speech will probably be delivered next week. The Randwick Asylum for destitute children is in hot water again. An enquiry into allegations of illtreatment of the inmates has brought forcibly to mind Dickens' story of Oliver Twist. In such institutions it is, of course, not possible to maintain order without some amount of corporal punishment; but in this case the floggings seem to have been unnecessarily severe. In one case an attendant had actually compelled a boy to assist in holding his own brother down while the unfortunate youngster received his stripes. That attendant has been dismissed. The superintendent has come in for a good share of abuse in the Legislative Assembly for his presumed brutality ; but I it is obvious that the enquiry held did not go far enough, and the Colonial Secretary has given notice of his intention to move for a parliamentary enquiry of a searching nature, and he has intimated his willingness to be guided by the finding of the committee in the steps he will" take. Until that enquiry is held he thinks and all reflecting people must think with him that it would be premature to pass judgment on the management of the institution But it is obvious to those who are acquainted with its working that it is with the system itself rather than those who work it that the fault lies The annual rifle matches took place last week This year they will have possessed a special interest for Queensland people, from the fact of their colony having been represented in the con- tests aye, and most creditably represented too The shooting of some of your marksmen was very superior, and they will return with laurels fairly well I believe, too, that your men have every reason to be satisfied with the treatment they have received in Sydney having been taken down the harbor for a "blow," entertained at a dinner, and also at an excursion up the Western line to thoZigaig It is to be regretted that a difference about the weapons to be used should have prevented the Victorian riflemen from contesting this year. The cab strike ended in a compromise, but the cabmen, although they profess to consider the compromise satisfactory, have virtually had to comply with the new regulation, for they are compelled to exhibit then fare cards in a conspicuous part of their vehicles, so that the public have ample security against imposition The now secretary to the Agricultural Society of New South Wales is Mr R Moser, a gentle man of active habits, and who for many y years has been connected with the colonial Press 'The selection is generally considered a good one Mr Moses has certainly plenty of scope for the ex- case of whatever talents he may possess for organisation and for the show business, for the Society is really almost moribund The International Exhibition has nearly given it a death- blow , but you know the old six tug, while there is life there's hope If the society does come out at all next year with a show it will only be with an exhibition of sheep, and perhaps horticul time It will be a long time before it is able to run another general exhibition successfully 