MONKS AND MONKERIES. Onr readers have doubtless noticed several letters in the last two numbers of the Sock in which attention is directed to the appearance in public - of monks, both in London and in the provinces. Some seem to regard the matter in a serious light-, as if it were thereby intended to habituate the -eyes of the British people to the eecentrio uniform which Popery has selected for her ecclesiastical militia. Others think that these London monks with their strange vagaries are merely escaped lunatics or promising candi dates for ono of those establishments where persons of enfeebled brain find refuge. Be this as it may,- one thing is certain : that Romanism in this country is going ahead witlxrapid stride?, 1 while John Bull is culpably -indifferent to the movement.- ' 1 : j- 1 The growth of Popery in England of lata years has been greatly favoured by the tactics ' '' ' /.-"'! . . . : : of the Ritualists. . The ingonuity of falsehood ; has, a. painful illustration in the success attend- . ing Ritualism, mainly among the upper classes. ; ' There is no use in denying the fact that in name ; only do these two systems differ from each ; other. However.it may, suit the, Ritualists : to i disown their second .selves— the Romanists — or the latter to denounce the former, the prin ciples of both rest on; the Same false foundation'. The one is the counterpart of the other, and in every important particular they .are exactly alike. If they are not' acting in "concert,A they are at all events - doing irreparable'- mischief (in. their several .spheres, for they have unques tionably leavened Euglish "society with their false; doctrines; //Both Ritualists and Romanists adopt the same means for the purpose of advanc ing itheir superstitious/ mummeries ' little by little /and,. step .-by step. , , They, teach.. by an -adroit appeal to the senses. By the, ear;. as well as by the' eye they iriatiuct' the people in a -series of object-lessons as it were, to/ accept some of the .most absurd theories which the Romish hierarchy has invented tor) the thral dom of the human mind. The contrivances of thepriests in all false systems of 'religion' (have .generally been devised for the purpose of advancing the interests -';of>the priesthood by . hoodwinking the people. If it were not tliat j the " narcotic of superstition has stupefied the j minds of the votaries of priestcraft, the ridicu- i lous' attire pf 'nuns and monks woiild very/justly j provoke their laughter.' ' The unnatural," not' to i say unsuitable, dress ? of the -monk or monks, j which some-'of our correspondents 'deiioribed in j letters- ini the tlast edition - of theiifocft, is ias ; much out 'of place in' these ('days ais would lie' a. I revival of the old costumes /worn by the people 5 -in the days of the Pharohs. I On the continent the various orders of the ; Romisli confraternities are, allowed to paradesin J public, and' 'they attracti jbut little attention, : becouse the people , ha.ve.tecome familiarized j with, their appearance.,-, Here , in, England, lio.w- ever) since the Reformation all orders of Romish i brotherhood have been suppressed by law, so far at- least"as"to"be'fdrbidden-' togo"' abroad "in ! their distinctive garb. But the loaders of the Romish . hierarchy - are -naturally-, anxious to ! habituate tile' British- people to ' the sight of ; monks and friars, and hence the, recent appear;. ; anee of one or more of them ihj:.place3:(of. the i most crowded resort. Even if the specimen ! seen in.;,Hyde;Park and'at'.thd: Crystal' Palace be a half- wit( hewill servo their purpose all the same.; (Wheh(tlie( so-called/ Catholic |Tielief j Bill? was "passed in' 1839, every possible precaution was taken to guard the-brilwarks of -Protest antism.,. -Jesuits were-forbiddeu to live in the country, arid terihis day there is a fine of £100 imposed by /the legislature 'upon any Jesuit who shall bo found residing in Great Britain in any official capacity. Also by the same Act monks are not-permitted to wear.- their" (ecclesiastical attire in . public. And yet the land, is swarming with: Jesuits," and that, top, ;itt,6ptai-. de6anCe',of the'- law. 'Here we' have,' once morej Grey Friars and Black Priars &mongst; us ; and unless Protestants bestir- themselves we shall have ere long the revival, of alUtho -monastic institutions In this country. There should' be a determined stand made, against these illegal encroachments. It cannot surely, be thought that it is essential to the;, in-, te'rests 'of spiritual religion that men should go-about the streets in- grey or black cassocks, a rope round .their waists, with sandal shoes, no, Stockings) with bare- head-. an'd shaven, drown.' Gradually" the ' prejudices of the Protestant people of this ' ! Protestant .kingdom " swill . be Boftened down by familiarity /with Romish' rites and Romish sisterhoods/ and brotherhoods, unless means bo- devised, and that speedily, to put a stop to such exhibitions of {supersti tion in public. . ' : -iMr. , Religious orders of men and women should bo considered in connection with-the organizations they, carry on for the advancement of -error- and superstition. It' is supposed by superficial observers of human nature that monasticism deepens 'spiritual life. -Such a' notion; is too- transparent to deceive ahybut'those'who- are ignorant of ecclesiastical history. When the monasteries were ' suppressed' by Henry YIII. it was found that they -were sinks of . iniquity. Some of the worst vices that degraded -human nature were 'habitually preached b'y; these 'men., Any person wlio would take the trouble to study tlie history of that period will bo aVile (to .'ascer tain the result' of the( investiga-tion into" the internal economy of the monasteries carried on by order of the king. We have not only the sins but the sinners specified by name. It is abundantly evident that in these so- called religious; communities of men worldliness; super stition, -and crime were' fostered to any extent' little imagined' by those who are unacquainted with the; -inner life of these institutions;. (We all;know what sensational descriptions Rotriish Writers, have given of the ancient monasteries. The inmates are represented- as pious' men bent upon thoriultivationof a holy and contempla tive lifrijrind for.". that " purpose they (withdrew from the ordinary duties of the outer world, just as if the business of this world was not' the very discipline appointed by God for producing in us thejelementof true godliness.' Even, Protestant writers sometimes are betrayed into the admira tion of those old monkeries as being the abodes of piety, learning, and peace ; and in these res pects they are contrasted with the ignorance and wickedness of the surrouudihg world. But such writers forget, as it has been shrewdly remarked by a distinguished prelate of our Church, that it was the very system of which the monks were a part which made the . world so dark and unquiet "and then, like, the ivy which, 'has ' reduced a'fine building to W shat tered ruin, ; .the (monks . held " together, , the frag ments ofthat ruin, ' Men should be taught that holiness is not a question' of meats and drinks and divers ceremonies,! but' peace and iov in the Holy . .Ghost, , . . .(, ,, i . . . , . " The old PhariseesV.of which these monks and friars are the modern imitators loved to appear in the market -; place' and .in public generally dressed in long clothing, with a sanctimonious aipebt and- theraffeeted/m'utterings of prayers, whichi-gainedrfor !tli'em -the admiration' of the unthinking portion .of- society. - Our - Lord - un masked withuntparing 'hand the' earit ' and hypocrisy of this, make-believe 'religion. He has taught.u8..thatall this, outward .asceticism was not religion.- -/There -was' nothing 'godly, there was nothing'evbn'manly in it. The poor Publi can, whose tew broken-hearted utterances were addressed to ; heaven for - mercy, - without any. ...glaring c. outward pomp or - ostenta- tation on his part, is held up for our admira tion;;-. while the self -Conscious Pharisee!; with his: long:- cassock, -his longer prayers,: and;, his -pretentions. piety, is condemned;, for ;his hypoc risy .-y/.tt- Woe/untp' you, Scribes, and 'Pharisees; hypocrites, for ye make clean the outside of: tlie eup:'and;of /the platter; (. but are within: full/of .extortion and: oxcess.'" /; Language was / strained toidts/ utmost ' to . condemn; those - M.whited sepulohres.ii/ivNever , did/ our blessed -Lord ; so forcibly: denounce any- sect of men: as those. -who " outwardly: /appeared righteous -befbre-'meri; but within were full of hypocrisy and iniquity." . . --Pharisaism/is-not extinct, yet. v The history of the Romish Church / proves that; " And/in our own .Ghuroh theiplague.has already begun; ;f r We have a Benedictine Monastery. , at Llanthohyj-in: Wales, /under (the! superintendance -.of /"(Father Ignatius." ..-Ho/is: ;tlie , representative/of ithose; who 'Seek-; :to,; establish . the : monastic -life/in the; Oh'u'roh'.df England. < This is a- retrograde imove-) me"iit,;and-it;is.6f -Romish ' origin-, and/charaoter.'i The institution yis/thoroughly,' Popish) iand/the: rites and/ ser vices - of -, the - Church of 'Rome c aret substituted for; those 'of the' Church of'England.-t Whether we have Romish or English .monks in! o.ur. midst tho'.evil.isfthe same.-/- These L'J/blirid guides i" /are bent en miechief;:./; Thoir/funqtionsi are. to. pervert and darken; the minds . and-.undor-i standing of the people ; and ewe. 'sincerely;-. trust: that .some effective! measures may be taken to prevent;; tho; further' inroads of the error, super stition, and idolatrv. which it is the business of su eh ,men to.proi aate and recommend. '--Roclc. , 