CORRESPONDENCE. THE LONGMORE LAND REGU LATIONS. TO THE EDITOB OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-Several matters re the debate on the Longmore regulations call for comment from the farming community and deep considera tion on the part of all land-holders, small or great. Mr. Longmore'soutrageous "throat" Bpeech must cause serious alarm to all possessing a stake in the country. It is scandalous that a man uttering such threats should be allowed to remain longer in office. And then his barefaced mis-statement of facts when he said that nine out of every ten farmers with whom he conversed on his country tour were in favour of his regula tions. That the farmer should be in favour of any regulations that cause him IOBS and annoyance is so unreasonable that no one can believe the statement. Mr. Berry's miserable trick of rallying his followers and getting a party vote recorded, instead of having the question fairly tested on its merits, is unworthy of him, and shows clearly the fear entertained by Ministers that the majority of the House was opposed to the Longmore oppressive regulations, and must fill UB with contempt for our legislators, who, at the call of their party leader, gave up their conscientious convictions and totally disre garded the interests of their constituents. Mr. Dow's conduct was simply infamous. He must surely, on calm, reflection, feel tho roughly ashamed of his want of firmness and probity, and old Jacob's words to his Bon Reuben, "unstable as water, thou ahalt not excel," will strike him as peculiarly applicable to himself. In bold and striking contrast to his mise rable conduct iB Mr. Munro's firm stand, brave utterance, and determination to vote and act conscientiously, despite the calls of party. All honour to Munro! and it appears even the present dishonest Ministry honour him. It is not rumoured that Mr. Dow was offered a Beat in the Cabinet, nor is he likely to be. His conduct was, to Bay the least, unmanly, and it is to be hoped St. Arnaud will appraise him at his value according to his own showing, when next he solicits their votes. But surely, sir, the obnoxious regulations will now be withdrawn. Even a Longmore must now he convinced of their unpopularity, the danger of retaining them, and at the same time their total failure to keep down dummyism or protect the poor selector from " the bloated capitalist" and his own impro vidence. One word about Mr.Berry's second Reform Bill, and I have done. Its sole object is to stir up strife and prolong the present mise rable state of affairs. There is not the ghost of a shadow of a chance of its ever becoming law, and no man in the community knows this better than Mr. Berry Mmself, and, more over: the country is not in favour of any such one-horse schemes of reform. The farmers' unions are extending, and . it does not reauire prophetic vision to foresee an early appeal to the country before their ramifications" have spread to every corner of the land, for their Bpffl|||ffiaM|nB the strengthening of Con* aafrjgfej&^and the death blow to the dis inlmmfifinfluence of the " Liberal" deraa &8 FARMER. 