IN his speech on "Wednesday night Sir Henry Parkes referred to the fact that he had been charged with following the example of the Chief Secretary of Victoria, by proposing re- solutions which were calculated to create a conflict between the two branches of the Legislature. Sir Henry Parkes emphatically repudiated any such influence, without, how- ever, entering into the details of the distinction between the rise and progress of the Consti- tutional difficulties existing in this and the other colony; and a statement of the two cases will show that there is no analogy whatever between them. When the conten- tion in Victoria had been worked up to a pitch bordering on revolution, the Govern- ment submitted a Reform Bill to the Assembly. That measure, as Mr. Berry himself said, was intended to bring the Legislative Council of Victoria under the heel of authority" —the authority which was to trample on it being the Assembly. It was admitted on all sides that if the Bill became law this object twould be thoroughly accomplished, and that for all practical legislative purposes the Council might as well be abolished. When Mr. Berry moved the second reading of the Bill, it devolved upon him to show cause for intro- ducing such, an extreme measure, and this he did in one of the most memorable of his many remarkable and able Parliamentary orations. His hostility to the Council was based on a single grievance, and his, justifica- tion for seeking to deprive, that Chamber of all power as a legislative body, rested thereon. He complained that legislation was obstructed, and in support of this he mentioned three Bills which he stated the Council had rejected. They were the Electoral Act Amendment Bill of the Francis Govern- ment ; the Mining on Private Pro- perty Bill, and the Payment of Mem- bers Bill. The rejection of these three measures represented the head and front of the Council's offending ; and. now let us see what the sum total of the Council's iniquity amounted to. The proposed Electoral Act was and is known in Victoria as the one-horse Bill"— this nickname being given it because it divided the colony into single electorates, giving each constituency one member. It was passed through the Assembly by a majority of half-heated supporters of its provisions. The public regarded it as a doubtful experiment ; and when the Upper House threw it out, neither the Assembly nor the country regretted its collapse. Its effect would have been to disfranchise the great majority of the electors of the colony. Pay- ment of members produces so many patriots that at every election the constituencies are invaded with candidates, and with three or four, or more, standing for one seat, each having his separate body of sup- porters, the man who got returned would in some instances poll as many as the total number of votes given to all the others. As a solution of the problem about the repre- sentation of minorities, the scheme would have been almost perfection; so that in reject- ing it the Council did the country a signal service, and many of those who were in favour of the Bill at the time have admitted this since. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy (then Mr. Dully), as leader of the Opposition, endeavored to make political capital out of the action of the Council and the apathy of the Government. When Mr. Francis said the Ministry intended to take no notice of the rejection of the Bill that session, but go on with the ordinary business, Mr. Duffy waxed wrath. "What the Government proposes to do," he said, " is to do nothing ;" but his appeal to the Assembly was a lost labour. Mr. Berry himself threw a wet blanket on his friend's eloquence and earnestness, for if any- thing he took the part of the Council, advo- cating the use of the most moderate means in attempting any reform of that House. That Electoral Bill is, however, one of the three counts in his charge against the Council. Concerning the Mining on Private Property Bill, about the rejection of which he also com- plains, the gross inconsistency of doing so is palpably proved by the fact that as soon as Mr. Berry's Government came into office they threw the measure into the waste paper basket, and introduced a totally different one of their own. No one opposed the Bill more than some of the men who are now making it one of the limbs of the three-legged stalking- horse on which the Victorian Government is tilting at the Council. Major Smith, the present Minister of Mines, denounced some of its provisions because they were introduced "for the purpose of keeping the "miners off private property;" and he gave practical effect to this opinion when he got into office by, as we have already stated, utterly ignoring the Bill. This part of the case, therefore, stands thus: — The Council re- jected the Bill, but the Government, which now denounces that House for doing so, deliberately destroyed it. We now come to the third and last misdemeanour of the "thirty tyrants"— as Mr. Berry or one of his colleagues has designated the members of the Victorian Council — that of throwing out the Payment of Members Bill last session. The answer to this charge is, that the Council never rejected a Payment of Mem- bers Bill since one was submitted to it containing the provisions which are now the law there. It passed the measure twice, as it had to be renewed after three years' trial, and possibly would have done so a third had the measure not been tacked on to the Appropriation Bill. Hon. members refused to consider the question under such coercion but when the Bill was sent up to them as a separate measure they passed it. We are aware that they did this partly as a com- promise, but the facility with which the com- promise was effected indicated that the "ob- "struction" to payment of members in the Council was not of a nature to cause a crisis. Of the two evils, hon, members would possibly have pyefored taking the money. What they fought against was the right of the Assembly to attach a mensure to the Appropriation Bill which Mr. Berry declared was one of the car- dinal principles of Liberal policy, and respect- ing which he also contended that no proper expression of public opinion had been given up till the time of the last general election, and this in reality meant previous to the time the Council was refused the opportunity to discuss it. Such is the " round, unvarnished tale " of the Constitutional complication in Victoria ; and with these facts to argue against, how can it be said that Sir Henry Parkes and his colleagues are following in the footsteps of Mr. Berry? There are two important dis- tinctions. In the first place, there is no intention, or desire on the part of our Govern- ment to bring the Council here " under the heel" of anybody. It is not proposed to curtail, or even interfere with, its functions. All that is intended is to change the authority by which its powers are conferred, so that they shall be derived from the people instead of from whatever party of politicians may be in office. This is very different from Mr. Berry's purpose. Sir Henry Parkes wishes to reform the Constitution, so that the Coun- cil here shall be responsible to electors. Mr. Berry's reformation would relieve the Upper House there of any responsibility, by depriv- ing it of all authority. The second distinc- tion between the two casek is the ground upon which the two Premiers base their policy. We have shown the " false and hollow" nature of the charges preferred against the Victorian Council ; and what analogy is there between the case made out by Mr. Berry and the one submitted by Sir Henry Parkes last Wednesday night? The time during which the actions of the two Councils were considered was about equal ; but while the one House rejected three Bills, the other rejected twenty-five ; and were we to analyze the quarter of a hundred mea- sures which were thus disposed of, it could be shown that, in point of importance, the balance would be as much in, favour of the Government as the numerical difference. We contend, therefore, that those who seek to damage the Government by raising a cry about "Berryism" are either wilfully and wantonly or ignorantly attempting to mislead the public. THE action of the burgesses of Petersham, in seeking to induce the Government to pur- chase a recreation ground for them, before all the land in the neighbourhood is cut up into building sites, might very well be followed by other suburbs. The surroundings of the city are lamentably short of public parks. If all that is possible be done to remedy the shortsightedness of those who are re- sponsible for the omission, the place will still be badly supplied ; but if a do-nothing policy is observed, the evil will grow as population increases, until the city becomes one of the worst ventilated if not the most unwholesome in Australia. The public parks have been aptly described as " the lungs of the city," and experience agrees with the reasoning of scientific. men, that where; proper provision is made in this direction sickness is less frequent and longevity more general. To argne, however, on the advantages of pos- sessing large recreation grounds is to waste words, for no one disputes the contention, that they are essential to the comfort and well- being of the people. The only point open to discussion is, by whom should they be provided? Seeing that the Government sold the land which ought to have been reserved, the Government, as a matter of justice, should re- purchase such areas as are found to be necessary for public purposes. It would be hard to urge a stronger reason than this in support of the request to he preferred by the Petersham depu- tation ; but there is one other, reason which must not be lost sight of. The municipal bodies are, in almost every ease, without the requisite funds ; and it follows, as a necessary consequence, that if the Government does not re- purchase the land the public must do with- out the reserves. It is quite clear where the responsibility rests, and it is to be hoped that the gentlemen who are charged with the con- trol of affairs will not prove unequal to the emergency. It is to be hoped that Mr. Goldstein and the other passenger who were on board the "Terrigal Packet" on Friday morning are duly sensible of the obligations they are under to those who did not drown them. Mr. Goldstein may be one of those angularly- minded men who will not balance monetary losses by personal mercies; but he should remember that though he lost some valuable property, he managed to save his life. Possi- bly he will want to know why his stock-in- trade of jewellery was sacrificed; but what right has such a lucky grumbler to be in- quisitive? We presume he saved enough of his clothes to cover him, and having done that let him keep what he got and be thankful. Such a misfortune as that which befel the schooner he was on board of are so "accidental" that, as a rule, they are pronounced excusable. The eats that smash the crockery are no more mysterious culprits or more difficult ones to catch than the men who are to blame for running down vessels or permitting their ves- sels to be run down, and without absolutely anticipating the decision of the gentlemen who will investigate the circumstances connected with the collision in the harbour on Friday morning, it may pretty safely he predicted that they will discover no one was to blame. There is an exception to every rule, and the case of the mate of the "Bonnie Dundee" was exceptional, inasmuch as he was put upon his trial, but practically the result was the same. He was put to some ex- pense and inconvenience ; but it was ultimately discovered that he was not to blame; so that the deaths of those who perished remains an " accident, and still Their ghosts walk unrevenged below. To the non-nautical mind it appears peculiar that these collisions at sea will happen, but judging under the disadvantage of not under- standing how or why it is that two vessels cannot pass each other safely, with miles of spare space "before, behind them, and on " every hand," the impression js created that the "accidents" are the result of that care- lessness which is engendered of impunity. THE news supplied by the Suez mail respect- ing the Afghan negotiations will be received with very general satisfaction. The scientific frontier which Lord Beaconsfield declared to be necessary for the protection of our Indian Empire has been acquired, and the risk of invasion in that direction is no longer to be feared. The celebrated Khyber pass, with the whole of the immense mountain chain extend- ing to Beloochistan, will henceforth be known as British territory, while the frontier of our ally, the Khan of Khelat, will be advanced as far as Kojak-Amram. In addition, to this there will be a British resident at the Court of Cabul, and the foreign affairs of the country will be regulated by the Indian Government. The effect of these changes will be to put our forces within sight of the towers of Cabul and our guns within range of Gandahar. Afghanistan could not have been more completely at the mercy of the British if it had been annexed in its entirety. Hitherto all the great strategic points have been in the possession of a sovereign who displayed his willingness to join in a hostile movement to the British. Now the key is in our own hands, and whatever com- plications may arise in Europe we have nothing to fear from treachery in the East. No army that it would be possible to concen- trate could force a passage through the narrow defiles of the Sulimann Mountains. They will henceforth be commanded by the British, and the history of recent exploits in the Balkans shows how effectually a pass may be closed. Whilst, therefore, it will always be open for our troops to reverse the march of Alexander the Great, no such thing as an invasion of India will ever be possible. In its effects the victory is one of the grandest ever entered in our national annals, and it detracts little from its value that it was achieved with but, nominal loss of blood and treasure. The object of war is to secure a lasting and honourable peace, and as these conditions have been met in the fullest sense, the end of the Afghan war may be hailed with more than usual satisfaction. The cable from Port Darwin to Banjoewangie is still interrupted, and there is no news as to when repairs are likely to be effected. The steamer Atjeh will leave Port Darwin with messages on Friday morning next, the exact, time of starting to be fixed after her arrival. This will be the next opportunity afforded of sending messages through. The business on the notice paper for the As- sembly to- morrow is not of great importance, and not likely to cause any great fatigue to honourable members while getting through it, In the Legis- lative Council, the most important business will be the consideration and passing of the Loan Esti- mates Appropriation Bill, and the resumption of the debate on Mr. Docker's resolutions. These being disposed of the important business of the session will have ended, and it is likely that unless a lengthened debate takes place, Parliament will be prorogued this week, It is probable that there will be more trouble in the Assembly over the Constitutional, resolutions proposed and carried by Sir Henry Parkes last week. Opposition members are by no means satisfied with the result of the debate on the reso- lutions, but especially with themselves in not having exhibited a little better generalship. Hence a motion to-morrow by the leader of the Opposition to the following effect : — " That there be a call of the House on Friday, the 8th of August, to con- sider the resolutions given notice of by Sir Henry Parkes for Wednesday, the 16th July, relative to the Legislative Council." In the Legislative Assembly, to-morrow after- noon, Mr. Buchanan will ask the Minister of Jus- tice a number of questions regarding the working of the Small Debts Court Act ; but the questions do not include a defect in the working of the Act which touches the sympathies, if not the con- veniences, of many members of this community. The operation of the Act, so far, has proved of most benefit to trades-people in recovering, without delay, and at little cost, outstanding accounts ; but at the same time the Act gives the presiding magis- trates no power whatever to fix a time for the pay- ment of debts claimed beyond the hour of giving judgment. Of course the result is that frequently a great deal of hardship is inflicted on persons of estimable character and provident habits, but pinched by the action of that monster denomi- nated in this country — had luck. Presiding magis- trates have over and over again felt the hardship while giving judgment, of not being able to stay further action, or, at any rate, giving a reasonable time to defendants to meet their responsibilities. The Act provides that after judgment there may be immediate execution, without power of inter- ferance on the part of the magistrates. It is, there- fore, thought that while the Act has operated for the general good of the community it would be well to give magistrates power to control the action of the court beyond the giving of judg- ment. If, therefore, Mr. Buchanan had included this matter in his question with the view, to fur- ther legislation, he would have won equal esteem with the author of the Act. To-day electors of Phillip Ward are called upon to return a representative to the Municipal Council of Sydney. There are two candidates in the field for municipal honours, namely, Mr. Dan. O'Connor and Mr, Carter. Both gentlemen are well known, and no doubt the electors will take Mr. M'Elhone's advice, given at a meeting, held by, both candidates the other evening, and return the best man to the Council. The former, apparently, is the favourite candidate. The unexceptionably fine weather of the past week has materially assisted in pushing on the work at the International Exhibition Building, and there is now little doubt but that it will be ready for us on the date fixed on by the Commissioners. Outside the building landscape gardeners, under the direction of Mr. Moore, curator of the Botanic Gardens, are rapidly turning a wilderness into a garden, and soon from the entrance, door of the Exhibition Building to the extreme boundary of the Botanic Gardens there will be afforded, for either recreation or study, one of the most enjoyable re- treats in Australia. In the garden itself a great deal of work is being done to beautify that which nature has already made beautiful, Already evidence of spring is showing, and owing, no doubt, to the effect of recent warm days, flowers are beginning to exhibit their coloured attractions. Yesterday afternoon there was a large crowd of visitors present. The following is the magisterial, roster for the ensuing week at the Central Police Court :—Mon- day Murphy, Hunt, Bull, Pearce. Watkins. Alex- ander, Murray, Davies. Fraser, Graham, Harris ; Tuesday : Palmer, Evans, Charlton. Pating, Lins- ley, Hezlett, Kippax, Lipman. Mills, Calvert, Per- driau, Hyam, Hart, Forsythe, Helsham, Bailey, Smart, Dean. Fremlin. Mitchell, Senior, Nelson; Wednesday : Chapman, Guy, Curran, M'Beath, Bond, Dixson, Gorus. Booth, Renwick. Fowler, Callaghan, Carpenter. Thursday : Smithers, Lester, Alexander, Murray, Waugh. Smith. Connell, Stan- ley, Beaumont, Penfold. Mitchell, J. H. Brown; Friday: Hill, Ridge, Neale, Pope, Holborrow, Reading, Jolly, Pinhey, Palser, Blair, Richardson, Thomas, Skarratt, Hourigan ; Saturday: Smart, Cunninghame, Fowler, Arguimbau, Browne. The following is a copy of a telegram received from Adelong by the Under-Secretary for Mines on Saturday last " Excellent stone has been struck in the Duke of Connaught claim. Adelong." Mr. R. H. Lock. formerly member for Grenville in the Victorian Legislative Assemby, is lying ill at Melbourne, and is not expected to recover. The Political Reform Union held their Saturday night's meeting at the Haymarket. The attend- ance was. unusually large. With only one dis- sentient voice the following resolution was carried with applause: — "That this meeting denounces the squeamishness of the Legislative Assembly in refusing to receive, after hearing rend, the petition of the citizens of Sydney, and desires that a copy of this resolution, accompanied with the seven resolutions which were embodied in a petition and rejected by the Lower House, be forwarded by address to His Excellency the Lieutenant-Gover- nor, Sir Alfred Stephen." On Saturday evening last a largely attended meeting of gentlemen connected with or repre- senting the metropolitan Press of New South Wales was held at Mr. Wangenheim's hotel, Castle- reagh-street, for the purpose of considering the desirability of forming a Press club. The necessity for the existence of such an institution was recog- nized by all present, and the character the com- bination should assume was freely discussed. Some thought that an association should be formed affording privileges to those outside, while others held that a club only should be established possessing a constitution sufficiently elastic to admit at once members of the Press from the country, the neighbouring colonies, and elsewhere to all the privileges of membership. The latter notion was ultimately accepted, and a resolution was agreed to that a club should be formed under the title of "The Sydney Press Club." A provi- sional committee was appointed to prepare a consti- tution, rules, and such other business as may seem to them necessary to be brought before another general meeting, to be held at an early date. The career of a notorious pickpocket named John Howell, alias Burrows, alias Jerry Scanlan, 49 years of age, a fellow who could "steal sugar out of a birdcage," was suddenly checked on Fri- day last. Being a graduate of 20 years' standing of the Victorian university of crime known as the Pentridge Stockade, and consequently well-known and watched by the Melbourne police and detec- tives, he lately transferred his operations to Syd- ney, where he is not so well known. On Friday afternoon he was loitering about Moore's Wharf whilst the passengers who arrived by the Siam were landing, and was observed by Mr. James Coombes, an employee in the P. and O. Co., walk- ing behind a lady who arrived by the ship. Having suspicion, he watched Howell, and saw him take a small bag from beneath the lady's mantle. The prisoner, seeing that he was watched, dropped the bag, which was picked up by a woman who was about to return it to Howell, but he denied all knowledge of it. Mr. Coombes then walked up to the lady, directed her attention to the theft, and advised her to give the prisoner in charge of the police ; and had it not been for the interference of Mr. Coombes and several bystanders, he would have succeeded in begging himself off from being given into custody. When searched at the police station, two silver watches, one gold-plated watch, two gold chains, and other articles of jewellery, and £9 in cash one gold Iocket, two gold rings, were found on him. On Saturday he was charged, at the Water Police Court, with stealing a crochet bag, containing a scissors valued at 2s, from Ann Clinch, and was committed to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions. In consequence of the death. of his wife, Mr. H. E. Walton was unable to appear at the Academy of Music, Guild Hall, on Saturday. The deceased lady expired at her residence Stanley-street, on Saturday morning, arter a lengthy illness. Her remains will be buried at Haslem Creek, and the funeral procession leaves at 1.30 to-day. Another tragedy of the sea is reported from Hongkong (says the South Australian Advertiser). The Chinese gunboat Peng Chou Hoi, a revenue cruiser, seized a junk in Tye Tam Bay, on May 13, for smuggling, and sent, a prize crew on board, con- sisting of a European quartermaster with a boat's crew of five Chinese, all well armed, with orders to take the junk to Canton for adjudication. The captain and crew of the junk made no resistance, were allowed to work her, and pretended to be very friendly, and thus contrived to throw the prize crew completely off their guard. Watching his chance, the captain of the junk seized a hatchet and struck the quartermaster on the back of the neck, nearly severing his head from the body. The boatmen were immediately set upon, and four of them were at once butchered. The fifth jumped overboard, and was picked up by the cruiser after hating been nearly 20 hours in the water. Mean- time the junk escaped. Mr. George Wilcox, of Grenfell-street (says the South Australian Register), forwarded to his London friends, per Garonne, on 19th March, two casks of grapes, packed by Mr. E. Pitt, of Marden, and they were delivered in England on 10th May. The mail just arrived brings news that the grapes arrived in splendid condition, and when opened his friends remarked, "They have got the bloom on, and are almost, as fresh as when packed in the antipodes." We may add that, at the time they reached England grapes were selling at. Coven't. Garden at from 5s. to 6s. per lb. it is notified elsewhere that the water services for Macquaric, Phillip, Elizabeth, Bligh, Bent, Moore and Rowe streets, and Austin-place, will be stopped from 9 o'clock this morning until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Mr. Casey returned to the Nelson affair on Wed- nesday evening (says the Argus) and read the cor- respondence which has taken plane between the Government and the Exhibition commissioners on the subject of the proposed trip to Sydney. The correspondence set forth Captain Mandeville's estimate of the cost of the voyage, which consists of £1000 for coals, and £500 for oil engineers' wages, and other items, and does not make any mention of berths for the commissioners. Mr. Berry said that he had not meant by his previous remarks to cast any imputation upon the Exhibition commis- sioners, but he certainly understood that one of their officers went down to the Nelson, and caused consternation in the breast of the chief naval officer by his demands. As to the £1500, one of Her Majesty's ships, urged Mr. Berry, could pro- ceed to sea without an expenditure on coals and oils. Mr. Casey denied all knowledge of the visit referred to by the Chief Secretary, and Mr, Service appeared to think that £1000 — which will buy 800 tons of coal — is an extravagant estimate for fuel for a run to Sydney and back. Those who desire to have an excellent picture of the Exhibition Building have an opportunity of se- curing it, Messrs, Jarrett and Co. have forwarded us a cheap lithograph of the building, printed in six colours, producing nine tints, drawn and coloured at their establishment in Liverpool-street, The picture is bountifully executed, and we imagine few who see it will not be disposed to secure a copy at the reasonable price of £1. Certain members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly appear to be much disquieted by the prospect now looming near at hand of the cessa- tion of payment of members. Mr. Dwyer appealed to the Chief Secretary, on Wednesday, says the Argus, to introduce a bill to continue the monthly stipend until the close of the first session of the next Parliament. Mr. Berry gave no positive answer. The Government, he says, has had no time to consider the matter, and he is not prepared to say whether or not it would be expedient to take the step indicated. Mr. Dwyer undertook to take action himself, and he proceeded to frame a motion on the subject, but he got into a boggle, and after struggling in the throes of compo- sition for some time, he ultimately complained to the House that Mr Barker, the clerk of the House, could not help him out of the difficulty, and never would assist him in his perplexities, Mr Carter rose to defend the clerk, and his remarks as to Mr. Barker's courtesy and impartiality were generally applauded from both sides of the House. Mr Lalor interjected, "Give notice of an address in the usual way," and with this advice Mr Dwyer subsided. Mr. Longmore (says the Melbourne Daily Tele- graph) was in an exceptionally reckless mood when he stood up to defend his Land Act regula- tions on Wednesday night. He appeared to be conscious that a strong case had been made out against him, and writhing under the severe criti- cism which his administrative acts had undergone, he struck out wildly, and savagely attacked the hon, member for Ararat, and the officers of the Horsham branch of the Bank of New South Wales. A person named Bennett, who is awaiting his trial on certain charges of forgery in connection with transactions with selectors, had, according to Mr. Longmore, carried on a villainous system of robbery with the assistance of the bank, and the hon, member for Ararat, Mr. Francis, who is a director of the Bank of New South Wales, could not permit such a statement to pass unnoticed, and he chal- lenged Mr. Longmore to name a specific charge of improper conduct on the part of any officer of the bank in transaction's with the bank's customers. So incensed about the matter was the honourable member for Warrnambool, that he overlooked a Parliamentary rale, and offered to stake £100 to 5 that Mr. Longmore could not sustain his state- ment. The Minister's answer was that all he meant to say was that the bank had exercised an unfeeling use of power. Mr. Francis repeated Mr. Longmore's own words, and the matter dropped. A very peculiar affair occurred at Pannoobamawn recently (says the Riverine Herald), by which, Mr. Matthew Tracey lost a very valuable stallion known as Mandurang. The horse was allowed to run in a paddock which also captained some pigs and a boar, and one day all the animals got into close proximity. The horse, in passing, sniffed at the boar, which caught him by the tendons of one of the back legs. The stallion galloped off round the paddock, with the savage beast clinging tenaciously to the limb, and gnawing at the muscles. At length the horse fell down exhausted, the pig never having relaxed its hold. On the owner in- specting the horse, he found that its leg was so much damaged that the animal had to be destroyed. This incident should act as adelerrent to farmers keeping pigs and valuable stock in the same enclosure, as Mr. Tracey is a loser by the unfortunate accident to the extent or several hundreds of pounds. The mystery surrounding the circumstances connected with the death of the late Mr. Francis Maron Bates, the actor, remains as much a mystery as ever. The adjourned, says the Melbourne Aryus. inquest was held on Wed- nesday, at the City Morgue, when the man Griffin, who was arrested by detective Hayes last week, on suspicion of being the individual who dogged Mr. Bates's footsteps early on the morn- ing on which his body was found in the Fleming- ton-road, was present in custody, having been remanded from the City Court to attend the inquiry. Both miss M'lnerny and Mr. Paterson evinced a reluctance to positively swear to his identity with the man who was seen by them in the company of the deceased, and consequently he was relegated back to the City Court, on remand. The coroner recommended the jury to return an open verdict, which advice they followed, record- ing a verdict that deceased. died of disease of the heart, and that he had been robbed before death. They considered that death had been accelerated in some manner, but the evidence adduced was not sufficient to enable the jury to arrive at a con- clusion. The re-opening services at the Wesleyan Church. William-street, yesterday, were attended by large congregations. The Rev Dr. Kelynack delivered an unusually eloquent and impressive sermon in the morning, the Rev. George Martin officiating in the evening. A service of song was conducted by the Rev. G. Lane during the afternoon. A woman named Isabella Warren was admitted into the Infirmary in a dying condition on Satur- day morning, having been found in a timber-yard by Constable Birch, in an insensible condition. She died shortly after admission. The result of inquiries instituted by the police led to the hus- band being arrested on a charge of manslaughter, as it is alleged her death was caused by injuries inflicted by him a fortnight ago. The City Coroner will hold an inquest on the body at his offices this morning, when full particulars will be elicited. Bernard O'Reilly, tailor, 39 years of age, was charged, on Saturday, at the Water Police Court, with soliciting alms in George-street, and was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment, with hard labour. Two sailors belonging to the City of New York, named John Sinclair and John Connor, were brought up on Saturday, by warrant, at the Water Police Court, on remand, charged with deserting their ship. The bench ordered them to be sent back on board. Two more obnoxious reprobates were cleared off the streets by the beach sitting at the Central Police Court on Saturday, when they sentenced an old offender named James Austen, who was charged with breaking, a window valued at £2, and using abusive language, to a month and 14 days; and a well-known and objectionable old enemy to grace and propriety, named Hannah Derrick, charged with being drunk and disorderly, to a well-deserved incarceration. A repulsive-looking man named Daniel Nolan. 45 years of age, described as a seaman, was charged on Saturday, at the Water Police Court, with stealing a gold chronometer watch and gold Albert chain, valued at £30, the property of Captain Boyd, of the ship Newark. The evidence went to show that the prisoner had been employed as night, watchman on board the Newark, and on Thursday night, whilst the prisoner was keeping watch, the theft was per- petrated. Information being given the next morn- ing to the detectives, they immediately set to work in discovering the thief, and on Friday evening De- tectives William Camphin and J. Treweek observed Nolan entering Sty's pawnshop in Bridge-street, where they arrested him as he was in the act of pawning the stolen watch and chain. The beach committed the prisoner to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions. The parents of five children charged each other on Saturday morning with desertion. The husband, a bricklayer, Hugh Harvey by name, asserted that his wife left his house, and Bridget told the bench that he came not home to her's, and that she was unable to support him and his off- spring. The bench sitting at the Central Police Court on Saturday sufficiently convinced both parties that an amicable arrangement would be better, if made in accordance with each others' wishes, outside the court, than if forced upon them "officially " by the magistrates, and discharged them to settle their differences in private. Messrs Bright Bros, and Co. have received a cable message to the effect that the s.s. City of London, of the Orient Line, left Plymouth on the 3rd instant for Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, with 530 passengers and a large cargo. Several disorderly women were brought up on Saturday at the Water Police Court. Elizabeth Casselli, 40 years of age, was sentenced to three months' ; Elizabeth Eldridge, 29, to three months' ; Jessie M'Cabe, 39, to three months' imprisonment ; and Mary M'Dermott, 50, to seven days' imprison- ment. Music, in addition to being the food of love, seems to foster disturbances. Theodore Grohman, a foreigner, was so infatuated with the dulcet strains of the German Band on Friday last that in became oblivions alike of the convenience of pas- sengers and the admonitions of the constabulary, so had to be arrested for improper behavior. He was brought, before the Central Police Court on Satur- day, charged with interrupting the passage of persons in George-street, and was sentenced to pay a fine of 5s, or go to gaol till the rising of the court. There was a distribution of prizes at the Peter- sham Public School on Friday evening by the chairman of the local board, Mr. Pigott, the Mayor, in the presence of a great, many visitors. The prizes wore all the gifts of Mr. W. Maddock, bookseller, George-street, according to a promise made six months ago, with a view to stimulate the pupils' energies, and to help the teachers in theirarduous duties. The Mayor addressed the pupils at some length, impressing on them their duties to their teachers, their parents, and as the hoped- for members of society. He gleaned from the statistics of the school that it had opened seven months ago with 20 pupils, and that its attendance that week had been 234. That amply justified their course in seeking the establishment of the school in the borough, and that of the Council of Education, in granting them so commodious a building. The structure itself was one of the prettiest and nicely-finished in the colony, and the site was excellent. The infants' department, however, was already found to be too small for the numbers attending. The teacher testified to the politeness and good behaviour of the pupils — that they were certainly the most respectable class of children he had ever had, and that all his assistants heartily co-operated to the promotion of the school. The children were all manifestly happy, and sang several part songs in really good style, which was uniformly and deservedly praised. Mr. G. Pile urged upon the pupils the necessity of vigorous thought in their studies, and how immensely better for them was the thorough grounding of the Public school system than that which fritters away the precious school-days in flimsy so-called accomplishments, often to the utter neglect of common English. He called for three cheers for Mr, Maddock. Cheers were also accorded to the Mayor, the teachers, and visitors. After singing the National Anthem the pupils were dismissed, when the visitors inspected some drawings, illuminating, and stamp printing, the work of the pupils, some of which were exceedingly well done. We have been shown a number of sketches in water colours of intact life in Japan, executed in a very admirable manner by Mr. Wilton Hack, an artist now residing in Sydney, and for some years a resident of Japan. These paintings are life-like to a degree, and reflect great credit on the artist. We understand that they are likely to be exhibited at the forthcoming Exhibition, when the public may judge for themselves as to their excellence. At about a quarter-past one on Saturday morn- ing as a constable was parading his beat, his attention was attracted by heaving, words of a grossly unsemly character from the lips of a man of respectable appearance; he accosted the indi- vidual and remonstrated with him, pointing out the impropriety of his language and enjoining him to go home. Upon this the porson made his language of a lower tone in decency, but higher in expres- sion, and personally abusive to the constable, who then arrested him and conveyed him to the watch- house on the charge of using indecent lan- guage. On Saturday the individhal was brought before the bench at the Central police Court. In his defence he called Mr, Alexander Reauman, whose evidence only went to how that the defendant had just quitted his society and a bar parlour, and that he did not heat him make use of the words alluded to. Mr. Gannon, who defended the ease, tried to make out that the words were never used; that the constable had over- stepped, his duty in preventing a broil or distur- bance in the public streets, and that his client was not aware until he was taken to the watch- house what he was charged with, and consequently was ill-treated. The majority of the bench gave the defendant the benefit of the doubt and dis- charged him. On Thursday afternoon a man named William Shippey, in the employ of Mr. G. C. Welch, stock- dealer, who was riding to Sydney on one of his master's horses, requested permission to retuin home by way of Newtown, and received it, pro- mising to be back before four o'clock. However he never returned, and the following day Mr. Welch saw his horse in the yard of Mr. Wallvern, in Marrickville. On asking how it came there, Mr. Welch was informed that it had been pur- chased the previous day. He consequently gave information to the police, and on Friday night the prisoner was arrested, and when the charge was preferred against him he admitted it. On Saturday he was brought, before the bench at the Central Police station, and sentenced to take his trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions. Shippey exchanged the horse (which Mr. Welch valued at £5) for another and 30s, and one bridle for another and 2s 6d, and affirms that he told Mr. Wallvera the horse and bridle were not his property By our advertising columns it will be seen that Messrs. Moss and Co., importers and manufacturing agents, of Pitt-street, are acting as agents for a large number of the best houses in Europe. 