! BRANCHES FROM THE MAIL ROUTES. 1 AMONG THE CROWD IN CANTON. j J I 1 BY J. HINGSTON. There is something, I can see, on my garden mind, on the last morning that he comes to take me around in Canton. A city that contains a larger population than New York will take up as much time to look over as the traveller chooses to give to it. Unfortunately, li could give but all too little, though Ah Kim thinks that his day's work ought to be paid double for the evil he has with me. The trouble that weighs now upon him as, I find, neither more nor less than my English-made purse. When I had seen his eyes upon, it, as often as I had, it never occured, to me but that the contents of it only ware on his mind. In that I, was much mistaken. In addition to his British-made watch, he wanted the eimilarly-made.puTBe, because of. its rarity. "I will change purses with you, All Kum here his face lighted up-" if you will let me cut your nails, down short as mine are !" Here it darkened-" Lam. a gentleman," he said, "and must look like one" " But you look more like a maniac, for a bird osprey,, with such works as those ! They don't at all become one, who speaks the English language and carries an, English watch, pencil case, and pipe. Come now, be j reasonable the purse in exchange for the finger-nails'."" -" What good will my nails be to you, if you get them?" " More good than they are to you I want them to put away in a lozenge-box, as Chinese curios, alongside a Chinaman's tail light at Shanghai, and a lady's hoof like shoe bought/at Macao. They will be also those nails of yours, something by which to remember you " The mental struggle going on was very perceptible, and I thought that the day would be raine. To that end I added an additional sight of the purse to help matters on, as also another argument. " See here, five divisions to this purse, and' a puzzle fastener tto it-only one of the kind in China The nails will be only a loss for a time. You can grow a; new crop in three months ! "-" I have not for years cut my nails, and years more would be wanted tO grow them to this length. I cannot part with them. Come now to the Dog and Rat Market ; English people all want to see that " That sarcasm at British tastes was not had, and I, perhaps, deserved it for wishing to deprive Ah Kim of his cherished ornaments. So we departed to see the strange small-nipat market that he had indicated. It was noticeable to what old age many, and too many, of the Cantonese live-to judge by their outward appearance. They seem to become, these Mongolians, shrivelled and wrinkled beyond other humanity. They might, by the look of some of them, have got from their gods the gift of longevity, and forgotten to ask for the gift of youth as a needful accompaniment. Death must, I thought, fear to approach some of the antiquated beings whom I occasionally saw about, otherwise they would have been certainly taken off, so plainly had they been for years flying the Blue Peter at the fore. On the road to our queer provision market lay the execution ground, a also the examination hall for the competitive scholars, who came here from other out- lying quarters to take their degrees. Taking things in order, the death place came first No one was to he beheaded that day, but the execution of a large batch was, as before-mentioned, to take place next week. I had seen and condoled so far as tobacco-giving went as condolence with the intended sufferers, and Ah Kim cannot think why I do not stay to see them die. I explain to him that the sight of a number of behead ments is not attractive to my taste, but rather a thing to be shunned-a delicacy that he does not seem to understand. He tickles his ear with one finger claw, and, to make the best of the sight intended for me, says, "Come and see the heaps of skulls on the execution ground-the hair sticking to some of the skulls even yet " That sufficed almost to keep one away from the bight, and I would have shirked it altogether had it not been on the road. This Canton " Tower Hill " would have no historic associations connected with it for me. The great and good might have suffered there equally with the beastly and the bad, but I knew nothing of either. There would, therefore, be no ghosts about who, in memory, would be visible to the mind's eye, and make enchanted ground of the ugly spot. " Where do you go to your worship, Ah Kim ?" I asked conversing as we went along. " I never go anywhere, but send the wife and children instead. They go and I send the money with them, and that is the principal part of the business " For a heathen Chinee, Ah Num had some ideas that were akin to those of many of my countrymen,. who call them " advanced " ones. By this time the execution ground was reached. When not wanted satisfying justice, it answers the purpose of commerce, and was now being used as a potter's work-ground. Space is too valuable to be wasted in Canton. Busy artisans were here at work at their wheels, moulding pitchers, jugs, and basins, on the blood-stained ground. The skulls of which Ah Kim had spoken, were lying about against a side wall, The promised sight of the hair attachment was wanting, but the rats had probably accounted for that want. I might, according to Ah Kim, select which of the skulls I pleased as a souvenir ! For that sarcasm, I again referred to the purchase of his nails as preferable. The herdsman's block was not about, and I was told was never used. The criminal is beheaded kneeling, and one blow at the neck always suffices, or generally so, says Ah Kim, " if they hold their heads steady, which they do for their own sake." " Are you going to the sight that is to he here next week, that which you want me to wait for" I asked of my guide. " No, never come to them now-seen the many" to which I daresay he had. The clearing away of humanity in large periodical batches, for small reasons, would be painful to think of anywhere else but in China. The severity of the laws there look as an equalising matter among so many hundreds of millions, and so many more ' of mouths, than there is food for. It seemed almost a Provi- dence also to take some off otherwise than by natural causes where nature appeared, as with the old people, to let them live to unconscionable ages. These kind of thoughts are engendered probably by being among heathens. They are certainly unchristian- like, but as they occurred, so I have chronicled them. Another show that is to be seen on the way to the market of the delectable viands was a factory of fancy work, in which curious results were being worked in silk, feathers, and wood. In the silk way, I get a needle-work picture worthy of the old tapestry days, and those later ones of Miss Linwood and the other ladies who made needle-work efforts worth framing. This one that I buy for the equivalent of five shillings, is certainly so worth, and gets a game accordingly. Ladies have since told me that its work must have taken up three months of continuous labour. In this needlework picture some trees and bushes are represented, on which are perched birds of all plumage. At a few paces distant it is not difficult to entertain the belief that what is seen is all paintwork or enamel. Curious effects are being also produced here in a feathers. I buy a set of buttons that elsewhere I shall get turned into shirt studs. They are of the most beautiful blue colour that eyes ever gazed upon sur- passing sapphires altogether. Yet their exquisite appearance is the product only of the down of some bird's wing, delicately laid on, and fastened firmly, 1 piece by piece. The studs I want will be made for me here if I will wait for a month for them, and the cost will be less than ten shillings, in China as in Japan, labour, unskilled or unskilled, appears to cost nothing, and materials only to be charged for. The tracery work done upon wood is also worth witnessing. The plan is pricked out on perforated paper, which is then laid down upon prepared Avoodwork, and well sprinkled over with a white powder. On removal of the paper, the outline of the design is very clearly , shown. If the design is to he inland the wood is now handed to the carver, but if to be only coloured super I facially tho enameller has charge of it. He covers the design in some colourless gum of highly adhesive i character, on which the colours are sprinkled in pow- | ' dered form, and the whole is afterwards varnished. A I small tray so decorated by two days' labour is -told to me for the Chinese equivalent of a shilling. I Ah Kim's attempt, to get me into the grandest' houses are all failures. Xhw ave shçbby-lookraç old build jngs^thflt'could not have been much even at their best and are as nothing now. The vice-regal residence here, or that which would represent such elsewhere, appeared to be, like all Chinese palaces, a tawdry affair, not to say a dirty one. Like the Japanese, these Chinese neighbours of theirs do not excel in palaces 01 -temples. The traveller must go to 'Siam or- Hindoos star to see what wonders the Eastern world can do in that way. We had now arrived at the market for the skinned dogs and the skinned and split rats. Shakespeare, as I read him in King Lear, is an authority for my regarding as food such articles 03 I see in this strange market. He ranks them, indeed as small venison when (shoemakers Edgar-say "But rats and mee and such small deer Have been Tomas food for evensong year !" The miniature. game is there abouts plenty. State after stall showed the tiny carcases hanging up for sale, as chickens, artisans, or rabbits might be -seen elsewhere. The trade seemed to be in carcases only, as I saw no joints or giblets about. The dogs looked very "lean in their skinned state, but then all the dogs in the Eastern world look much in that way even in their Jakins. A dog's existence in the East is altogether a mistake, and he is just as well off dead as not-life is always such short commons with Trim. A Chinese dog at Shanghai had nearly snapped off two fingers of J. mine in his eagerness to get a piece of rice cake that I freshly offered. Where dogs are eaten after death, as they are Store, it is quite evident that there can be no ? room for them while alive. Loss of life can he little "loss to them, and they are in some sort revenged by the poor pickings left upon their bones. The rats are plumper altogether, and, with Ah Kim's help, I got much information about them. I show that the delicate shrimp Chat we prize for eating is but the dirty scavenger of the sea, much as the rat is upon land. Philosophically regarded, the question of both of them, as food is, therefore, upon a level. Rats here on sale orchard or vegetable fed, and drain or carrion fed ones. The vegetarians fetch the higher price, and are certainly plumper. They are not, however, better in flavour. They lack the "gamely" taste of their lesser brethren, who have lived more pig like and taken, in all varieties, such things as come in their way. ""Nowhere you like," says Ah Kim, "I will take you to a house just handy where you can taste all or any of these dishes ready cooked " " He said that to me in vexation, I believe, at not getting the coveted article of the morning. " Very well," I said, "I will go on two conditions; that you eat of whatever dish I do, and exchange those nails of yours for that purse " Ho subsided at once, as no rat-meat might come between the wind and the gentility of such an exquisite as he was. The coinage of the Chinese territory is a difficult; matter for a foreigner to understand. Beyond the coppery brass, or brassy copper, "cash" with the square hole in the centre that is carried about upon strings, coinage is never seen. There is used as currency small shoe shaped lumps of silver that weigh a pound or 60, but are not portable, from their weight and awkward form. The Mexican dollar is the coin mostly sought for and seen in circulation. All through China, as likewise in Japan, this coin is current, and that where all other currency, or the currency of all other countries is rejected. Mexico is a miserable country commercially, and financially is of no character whatever. How its dollar has so managed to get into credit in the two countries I have named is beyond my explanation. I cursed it often, as the big shaped heavy coins, so to be carried about, added greatly to the weight of a travelling 'bag and to the breaking off its hinges. As fishermen, the Chinese are very artistic in every way. They cultivate the bottom of their rivers almost equally with the banks. They never insult their customers by sending dead fish to market. Those who have tasted fish cooked soon after taken from the water, and that which has been for a day or more dead, will appreciate the Chinaman's cleverness in keeping his fish alive until wanted for the gridiron. Ah Kim shows me how it is done down at the water side here, as also on the lower deck of a vessel, bound with a cargo of fish to some other port. Three large vats, of 10 feet in diameter and 6 feet deep, are both on land and on the lower deck alluded to, filled with water, in which are struggling hundreds of fish. It is no exaggeration to say that, of water and fish, the vats held equal quantities. As an Irishman would phrase it, the water was " stiff" with them. The method of keeping fish alive in this unnaturally crowded state was something novel. Two Chinamen attended on each vat. It must be remembered that Chinese labour is cheap, and that fish are food, and food is valuable indeed in China. The two attendants are constantly dipping the water from the vat into a small barrel fixed on the vat s edge. From that barrel-a bamboo spout, of two inches diameter, but stopped up at the end, projects in a sloping direction towards the fish-filled water below. Two notches of the size of a florin are cut in the bamboo, within three inches of the closed end. Through those outlets the water that is constantly being poured into the barrel dashes forth in the form 01 jars, and becomes fully charged with air before falling again into the vat. That all of the fish may get full benefit of this oxygenated water, those below are being constantly brought to the surface by a hand net. They would otherwise have never probably, worked their way upwards through the heavy layers of fish-many hundreds that overlie them. A third attendant, I should have mentioned, was needed for the net and its use. The three would all work in the manner indicated for the day together, and he then changed for others similarly employed for the nightimo. A cargo of fish would thus be delivered alive into vate waiting for them at the end of their voyage. Such delivery was done in this way. Boats half filled with water tanks come alongside the incoming vessel. The ports are then opened, and large tunnel shaped nets extended through them from the fish vats to the boats beneath. The fish are then ladled out by the clippers that have been hitherto filling the barrels with water. A dipper full is emptied into the not funnel, down which the fish go rolling and struggling helter-skelter to the tanks beneath. One or two would occasion, a dead-lock, and sometimes, by sticking fast by the girls, require a shake of the net to see all again in motion. One of this swarm of fish got a chance for life of which he seemed too dazed to take advantage. He fell between the boats, upon seeing which an amphibious boat-boy dived after and actually recaptured him. It was the slip between the cup and the lip that would have given a new lease of life to a fish anywhere but here. These Chinese places that I have been calling at and spending my time in are a paradise for cigar smokers. That Manila that does nothing but grow tobacco leaf and make cigars is but a day's voyage or so from Canton. Its produce is sold in bundles, real causes not the cut cheroots at a shilling a dozen. Such is the cigar that is elsewhere charged at fourpence each. The consequence of such cheapness is that everybody who can spare a penny is smoking cigars, and that all day long. Foreigners settled in Chinese ports smoke all through business ; the smoking, in fact, seems to be the business. I find the bank manager smoking in his room. He rings a bell for a clerk, who comes in also smoking. The accountant, who is wanted next, makes his appearance with a cigar in his mouth. My English bank notes and letters of credit are thus inspected, and fumigated at the same time, for the smoking goes 0:1 with everything else bookkeeping, writing, and talk- ing. The fire-stick is always burning; in these places. It is of the size of a thick line, and the colour of light brown paper, of which it looks like a light and slim roll. It smoulders away all day, with a camera that is peculiar to itself and never forgotten. If I am not smoking, than a cigar is at once offered me, as my lips look unfurnished and out of fashion in their empty stare. 5 note, or *' abstract," of what is to be paid to me by the officials down stairs having been obtained, L go below to get the necessary " Mexican.-) " counted out to me by a clerk, who is of course smoking also. It is curious to notice how the exchanges in.- studied, and I how I get more on. week, and ices th. next, for my English money, according as letters, and telegrams may I advise the banker. The curious.. value of the day M J noted above stairs, and from the clerk below I receive the number of coins which may be the day's value of the five or ten pounds English currency, which many I months before I had paid to an English, Australian, or American banker for his paper now here cashed, It was generally less, and seldom more, of value that I got. Only in India and Italy did I find English. money at. sacrarium. Such exchanges against one man but pleasant, and leave the feeling that one is robbed in the transaction. How a £5 Bank of England note should be worth only £4 14e. out here, and be worth Next day a shilling more or eighteenpence less, as not readily understandable to those who lose in the transactions, like the fluctuations of the prices of wool, it is one of the things for which the causes have to be well looked after before they are found. I have got to regard Ah Num by this time in a new light, I wish to purchase where I take a fancy. tHis fancy never goes the same way. He has always come place elsewhere to which he can take me, that is, he says, much better. It really is so in the sense that it is better for himself. He " deals " with the houses he l would take me to, and it is all " pigeon," which is business for him, that I may do there. In that way the word is rightly enough used. I am the pigeon, who is very satisfactorily plucked by all parties but myself: in the transaction. After the third day, Ah Kim finds me stubborn. He then does business in 'winks with those whom I deal with. I know that he is writing, down, with that English gold pencil case of his of which he is so proud, what the shape of plunder is that he has yet to call for when I shall be gone. It is but the way of the world everywhere. " In the cool of my last evening in Canton, Ali Kum wishes me to see something more than he has shown me by daylight. He will take me to a Chinese wedding party that are that evening receiving company. He is quite sure that, as a foreigner, I shall not be intruding. He will make that sure by saying that I am a distin garnished one-a title covering, of course, all the irregularities of its possessor, and all his misdoings, (it is in the first floor of a tea- house that I find the party assembled, and that to the number of forty or thereabouts. uno feminine (form in the room is so closely veiled that not a feature of her is distinguishable. Ah Kim tells me, seemingly unnecessarily, that she is the bride. In respect for her position and its delicacy-that she may hear all the compliments paid to her, and hide her blushes that close face covering will be worn by her until bride and bridegroom retire from the party'. ' Ah Kim introduces me as the distinguished traveller [whom he had so foreshadowed speaking about. He tells them of my visits to the famous places of their city, as also to the market of the canine and the rodent animals visited that morning. He creates a laugh all around when he mentions my desire to purchase his finger-nails as curios. He makes that mention though, that he may, in vanity, exhibit to the ladies those elegant overgrowth of which he is so proud. The bridesmaids will, be knows, smile no more blandly upon him, and so make him happy. They do their best to make me happy also. At a side table that is not for myself and Ah Kim, they bring me cigars, tea, sweetmeats, and cakes. If a man could desire more bliss than that, it is brought in a cup of salt or rice spirit, which I may drink neat, or therewith flavour the tea, as some elderly ladies else- where do with the gin. I detain about me as long as I can, on some excuse or another, the young ladies who so act as attendants. One of them especially should like to detain longer, and would make no violent resistance if she even wanted to kiss me. She has almond eyes, certainly, but they are very fine ones, and full of a liquid tenderness that troubles a bachelor's heart. We cannot hold speech with each other, and [therefore such language of the eye, so eloquent in such matters, is the more regarded. Beneath the fine eyes I look with equal admiration on the prettiest of months, all of red coral without, and white coral within. She (is pretty, indeed, when not smiling, hut when the smile comes she is irresistible. I wonder if it be possible that the veiled being who has been that day made a bride can be better looking ? " You shall see that for yourself," is what Ah Kim says in reply to my wondering; exclamation. He goes to the husband of that day's malting, and has a little talk with him. The bridesmaids are next addressed on the subject, and finally they explain the " situation " to the bride. It appears to me that she consults with her mother on the momentous matter. It is, I find, a very momentous matter indeed that has been proposed. Ah Kim tells me that much when he returns. His words about it are *' It will be all done very shortly, if you like to pay for it. The bride will bring you a cup of tea, and unveil her face when she does so. You hand her a handful of Mexicans' as a present for her to distribute among her bridesmaids. They understand you to be a lord and you will know, from the customs of your country, how to behave as such." To this day I believe that Ah Kim stuck his commission on to that transaction, as he did to all others. It was not in his nature to let me part with " Mexicans as he shortly called the dollars, unless a good percentage went into his pocket. However, I was to see the bride's face, and she was to bring me the tea, and I was to behave as a lord-a " treble event," as racing men call it that I might not be able, in their (language, to pull off successfully. About the last item in it I had great doubts. What I wondered, would be the behaviour of a lord in parting with Mexican." Quo lord whom I had met with on my travels had been the meanest of skunks possible in regard to money matters. Lords are much mixed in character, and not all of them wealthy. Two or three had I know, gone through the Insolvent Court, and were guilty of small borrowings. The bridegroom and the other gentlemen, present know came round to shake hands, giving me, with the hand of friendship, a bow of politeness that Chester field could not have beaten. I noticed, in the hand grasping, that none of them had the long fingers of 'Ah Kim, and so judged them to be decent fellows that earned their living, and I honoured them accordingly. The honours of the occasion were now done by Ah Kim filling cups all round with salt spirit, land drinking health " to the bride and bridegroom," in what, he explained to them, was English fashion. After liquoring in that way, AVO enlightened each other so far as lighting cigars went for it was quite in order here to smoke in the presence of the ladies. One old lady was, indeed, having a quiet smile on her own account -reflecting, no doubt, on the vanity of a scene in which she had once taken, instead of a back seat, the foremost part. "Mexicans" fortunately make a great show! The dollar, value four shillings, is in size as clumsy, and a look larger than the English five-shilling piece. A handful of them made such a good display, at so small a cost, that I really made tAVo handfuls of them, without feeling that I was ruining myself. We all pay in some way or another for going to weddings, and really the bridesmaids hero were worthy of the offering one of them, indeed, particularly so I kept swilling tea beyond my wants in that way because a little Hobo attended to the tea-pot business, and came round when the cups wanted re-filling. I got her once to sweeten the mixture by stirring it around with her fair finger. Talk was not to be had between us, but she understood the compliment so conveyed, and complied with my request in a look that said quite SAveotly, " Oh, you fool ! " The bride was now led up, tea-cup in hand, the leading being necessary because of her veiled state. QLiilto the bridesmaids, she was dressed in an om broidered short broken smock, and like them also was resplendent as to hair dressing. Flowers adorned her darkest of hair, and a handsome chain hung about her neck. I fear that I looked nervous, and am sure that I Mt so, as I rose to take the teacup from her. Setting that down upon the table, I sought to shake her unoccupied hand, but it was busy; at a word from Ah Hum, ha unfastening her veil, and showing me a bride's face. I suppose that there were reasons for it-she, perhaps, had brought a dowry, or had expectations. Anyhow, if I had been her, I would not have had such pretty bridesmaids, and so have given so much cause for comparisons. She was not equal to expectation; but then how swimmers are so Hebe, I am sure, saw my disappointment. There was just that twinkle in the corner of her eye that told of that much, (good manners, however, are better than good looks, and in those the bride left nothing to be desired. She insisted on doing the honours of the tree, and seated herself thereat to pass me the rt i cakes and sweetmeats:-:. Through Ah Kim, I requested the favour of her taking tea with me, and even that was graciously accorded. 6 The tea might have been hotter, We have been the same I as before, but it really tasted now as of an improved flavour. The cups used were but small, and this one was about the sixth cup, and I might have been thought to 0 satisfied, but it was not so, the tea was beyond expectation, whatever might be the bride. a On rising to shake hands finally with the bride, I handed to her a white papered package that contained the wedding present of " Mexicans." The thought of I most likely to insure money getting into its intended hands. I feared to pass it through those of Ah Kim, as so doing with it in an unwrapped state I would likely have led to a sad diminution of its bulk. The bridegroom then came forward, and made a short speech to me. As it was in Chinese, I could disagree with nothing that he said. I answered him in the most "pigeon" language I could manufacture for the occasion, hoping that himself and his bride might keep ?" topside ", of trouble through life, and find themselves " topside " also in the next world. A glass of water all round was now arranged by Ah 1 Kind. A general shaking of hands followed, and my time with the Chinese bridal party had come to a close. I thought for the rest of the evening that I should have liked to have had Hebe for a bride, but the feeling Avoro away before morning. Tennyson's Locks Icy Hall (if that be his name) expresses some intention of getting a " dusky savage " to be the mother of his children, but it is not supposed that he ever did so. Sitch thoughts may come after weddings, when one has suffered slight, as he had done, or a sudden fascination, as had here happened to 'us. The competitive cxnmL ation hall, and its yard, filled with little sentry boxes, in which the competitors are shut with their papers, has not been mentioned in its place in the day's walk. Ah Kim tells me that all the offices of the State are given to the best scholars that everything for which men strive in the world has to be striven for in crowded China in severe examinations. The competitors are sifted down, from a hundred that may go up, to live only who pass. Those who pass successfully in the lower schools are passed on to the higher, and from those to the highest. Places are given to those who thus win them, and honours of an emptier but ennobling kind are bestowed on the parents of the successful competitor. TitleS do not descend in China. Every parent has therefore in view that if he has failed in the world's race himself, his son may yet win for him what has been beyond his father's reach. That incentive causes the children of the Chinese to be more carefully reared and educated. There is great sense in such a system, and no booby descendants of great men are to be found amongst the Chinese, making ridiculous the honours and titles they have inherited only to disgrace. Tennyson has written of this land of " Far Cathay " '. Better twenty years of Europe, Than a cycle of Cathay." On which subject, as on every other, there is much to be said. Nowhere has civilization, as applied to Government only been so successful as in China. That the hundreds of millions here have been AVOID governed is evident enough in this that the oldest of Empires is also the largest. The highly educated state of the Chinese is shown in their peaceful, plodding, persevering ways. " By education," said one of our great statesmen, " men become easy to lead, but difficult to drive, easy to govern, but impossible to enslave ! " Such is evident enough in China. The people have been by a minute detailed machinery well governed but not enslaved. While other nations have fallen to pieces, the Chinese one, from a record loss period, has been great and increasing. As a nation, it seems, in its cities and their show, to a traveller's eye, but a poor one. The wealth of China is, however, in the industry of its people and their patient and persistant labour. We know well Av hat a powerful lever such qualities are in moving mon upwards and onwards in the world. The Chinaman, however, will never go onwards. He has reached the limit of his development. At a certain point in all things he has always, by scholars of his nature, come to a stop. He has no inventiveness in his nature, and does all things now as his predecessors did ages ago. The bar to his progress is the ingrained belief he possesses that his nation and himself are perfect, and cannot be improved. It is, perhaps, as well that it is so. He will now compete with the world only as a workman, relying on industry, and not invention, as his part therein. The employers of labour will all of them, yet find their best " raw material " in the great nation of which I have thus had a glimpse. The peculiarly clever fingers of the Chinese, and their great delicacy of touch, will one day cheapen literature, and that wonderfully. When their talents are in a future day turned to type-setting, the Chinaman will have no competitor at the pay that will satisfy him. Watch- ing the carving, engraving, ivory turning, and other minute labours done here daily in Canton, leads one to such and such like ideas of the Chinese and their characteristics. The last thing is to pay the bill. It is reasonable enough, and presented in this form " Honiun, Canton : Itosano's Canton Hotel. To charges (five of days) ' .. ' 2-3 dollars 50 cents Chits enclosed.. 1 dollar 60 cents." Room No. 22." 