CHAPTER XXX. ARIELLE'S DECISION. To me, sad bride, or rather widowed maid, One was allianced, a long time before. And sacred pledges he both took and grave ; False, cruel love, infamous and foresworn. —SPENCER. Oh, colder than the wind that freezes Founts that once in sunshine played. Is that congealing pang which seizes The trusting bosom when betrayed. —MOORE. THE young man, who felt himself now at home in the house, went immediately to the drawing-room, where he found Arielle reclining in a deep-cushioned resting-chair, and looking thinner, whiter, more trans- parent, more like an empty chrysalis than ever before. He, so full of vigorous animal life, was chilled by her aspect, as some persons are chilled by the presence of a corpse. It required some effort to throw off this feeling as he went towards her, took her limp, cold hand, and said : "Good-morning, Arielle." "Good-morning,'' she responded, in faint tones, and lifting her dim, blue eyes to his face. Again the shivering repulsion overcame him, but he rallied his spirits, and said, as he dropped that chilling hand : "Your grandfather has authorised me—" Then he stopped, in a strange embar- rassment, looked around, drew a chair to her side, seated himself, and began again : "The earl has told me—the earl was re- quested by me—" And he stopped again. Arielle's faded blue orbs wandered towards his face and fixed themselves upon it in ex- pectation. "My love, you must know what I would say !" he exclaimed, in desperation. "Yes," said the girl, with the calmness of utter indifference, "my grandpapa told me that you would like to marry me, and I answered that I would consent if he wished me to do so." "You angel !" exclaimed Brandon, with very well-acted rapture, as he moved to em- brace her ; but she put up both hands, with a gesture of repulsion, saying : "Don't please ! Please don't !" "Forgive me," he murmured, as he fell back in his seat with a feeling of relief ; for he did not really wish to fold that living death to his highly vitalised bosom. How to talk to her now he did not know ; but a great fear seized him that she migbt die before he could make her his own, and with her all the grand advantages that must come in her train. For that reason, as well as others that have been mentioned, it seemed highly import- ant to him that the marriage should take place as soon as possible. Perhaps the earl might be induced to forego the strictest obser- vance of the mourning etiquette for the old countess, and consent to a very quiet and unostentatious marriage, without cards, with- out bridesmaids, or any other pageantry beyond the ceremony in the chapel to make their present betrothed a binding union. These thoughts, together with the neces- sity of saying something, and the difficulty of finding anything else to say to a girl from whom he secretly shrank, and who evidently shrank from him, impelled him to inquire, in the most tender tones he could simulate : "And when, my love, shall be the happy day that will make us one ?" "Oh, I don't know. Isn't it early yet for such a question ?" she inquired, languidly. "It may seem so to you, my angel, but to a lover's—" he began ; but she interrupted him by saying, still very languidly : "Well, then, I don't care ! Whenever grandpapa pleases." "But, my dear love, it is yourself who must—" "It is to please grandpapa that I marry you. He must have his own way. Now, Mr. Coyle, will you excuse me ? I am very tired, and I must go and lie down," said Arielle, rising feebly, and stretching out her wan hands to the tops of tables and backs of chairs to support her tottering steps as she glided, ghost-like, from the room. "She is dying ! I wonder the earl does not see it ! But he is nearly blind, and besides, the change has come on so gradually that he, who is always with her, cannot appreciate it as I do ! Dying !" he said to himself, as he looked after her, too deeply shocked and dismayed and too much absorbed in his own unpleasant sensa- tions to think of offering her the assistance she needed until she had passed out of his sight. Then he started up and left the room by one of the French windows of the modernised drawing-room opening upon the garden. He felt the necessity of a great deal of fresh air. Then he wished to go to Lord Altofaire, as the referee of Lady Arielle, and try to get the wedding-day fixed ; but, having bidden good-bye to the earl that morning, he did not feel privileged to intrude upon him again the same day. After walking up and down on the terrace for a few moments, he called a groom that was passing in the garden below and ordered his dog-cart to be brought around, and when it was ready he jumped into it and drove home. He arrived at Caveland soon after the luncheon hour. He was very hnngry, for he was gifted with a great appetite, and he had eaten nothing since breakfast. He would have ordered luncheon immediately from the butler had not his sister, Aspirita, been on the watch for him and arrested him in the hall. "Don't stop me now, Aspirita ; I'm a famished wolf !" be exclaimed, attempting to brush by her into the dining-room. "Can't help that ! I have something here that I think will stay your stomach—a foreign letter," said the young woman. "Eh !" cried the man, suddenly pulling himself up. "A letter from America, and evidently from Valdimir Desparde ! Come with me into the morning-room—there is no one there—and read it." He followed her into a spacious apartment in the back of the building, and they sat down together on the sofa to peruse the letter. It was very brief and to the point, but it was without date or signature. It ran as follows : "Your letter enclosing the letter of my lost love to your sister reached me in due time several weeks ago. "It should have been promptly answered had I been capable of writing. "But, ah ! my friend. I was weaker than you thought me. Very much weaker than I thought myself. "I ought to have been glad of her recovery from the shock and sorrow of that broken wedding, which must overshadow and op- press my whole future life with gloom and misery ! I ought to have rejoiced in her prospect of happiness. "But, oh, my dear Brandon, I am but human ! I am but flesh and blood ! And thus gave way beneath the overwhelming, stunning blow ! "Think what it must have been to me to read such words as these, written by her own hand, and now stamped indelibly on my heart and brain : " 'I feel that it would be degrading to me to waste more thought on one who has proved himself so utterly false, base, treacherous ; so I have consented to receive the attentions of a gentleman approved by my grandparents as entirely worthy of esteem and affection." "Brandon, do you wonder that I lost consciousness and reason for awhile ! Or that I lay dangerously ill for weeks in a city hospital, to which stranger hands conveyed me after having picked me up insensible in the lobby of the post-office, where I had opened and read that terrible letter ? "This is the first day that I have been permitted to sit up and write, and this letter to you is the first result of my restored privileges. I write now to explain my long, involun- tary silence, to tell you these things, and to say—may the Lord bless her in her new union and in all her future life, whatever may become of me." "That's all ! Poor devil !" muttered Brandon Coyle, in contemptuous pity, as he folded the letter up again. "And not one word about me !" exclaimed Aspirita, discontentedly. "Why, Asp ! Can't you give a man a little time to get over the shock of his disappoint- ment about one woman before you expect him to think about another ?" demanded Brandon, abruptly. "He takes a great deal of time. It has been nearly five months since that broken marriage." "Well, we can't hurry him, anyhow," replied the young man, as he went to the chimney-place and threw the letter into the fire that had been lighted in the grate to temper the chill mountain air of that early October day. "What did you do that for ?" "Because such a letter as that is a dangerous thing to keep in the possession of the man 'everyway worthy of esteem and affection,' who is about to marry Lady Arielle ! I wonder what Desparde, poor wretch, would think if he knew that it was his dear friend and confidential corres- pondent, Brandon Coyle, who occupies that enviable position ?" he inquired, with a laugh ?" "By the way, how goes on your wooing of the earl's heiress ?" questioned Aspirita. "Swimmingly ! We are engaged to be married with the full consent and approba- tion of Lord Altofaire," said Brandon, jauntily. "Indeed ! And you never told me ! Since when, pray ?" "Since eleven o'clock this morning, which accounts for my not having communicated the fact last night, or previously." "Bran, I wish you joy. A countess in her own right !" "Not quite yet—not till the old man 'shuffles off the mortal coil !'" "Well, but soon to be a countess in her own right ! Only, mind you, Bran, in your case and hers she will take precedence of you on all public occasions ! It will not be 'Mr. and Mrs. Brandon Coyle, but it will be 'The Countess of Altofaire and Mr. Brandon Coyle !' A small second fiddle for a man of spirit to play, as it appears to me, Bran !" "I don't see it in that light. It is the etiquette, whure a commoner marries a peeress, or wherever the wife's rank is higher than the husband's—as, for instance, the Queen and Prince Albert, the Marchio- ness of A. and Mr. H. And, besides, there may be such a possibility as to get a rever- sion of my wife's title in my favour by Royal letters patent, creating me, me, in considera- tion of my marriage with the last heiress of the Montjoies—even me—Earl of Alto- faire," replied Brandon Coyle with a strut. "Oh, come now, Sonny ! Steady !— Your vaulting ambition doth oe'rleap itself— 'Twill fall on t'other side," laughed his sister. "Well, you'll see ! You'll see !" "Any way, I congratulate you, Bub. It is a great thing for you to marry Lady Arielle Montjoie, future Countess of Altofaire in her own right, even it you never mount any higher. A great thing for me, too, to be the sister-in-law of a peeress ! I am to be first bride-maid, of course ?" "I don't know." "You 'don't know ?' Why, who else should be first bride-maid if the groom's own sister is not to be, I should like to know ? She has no sisters." "I do not think there will be any bride- maids. I think the wedding will be very quiet. Scarcely two mouths have passed since the funeral of the old countess. The wedding must be very unostentatious. Any parade would be unseemly." "Oh, of course, I suppose so ! When is it to come off ?" "I don't know. Very soon, I hope." " 'You don't know' again ? Why, what do you know about the matter, then ? I thought all this was settled." "It will be to-morrow, when I shall have a final interview to make arrangements with the earl." "Oh, 'to-morrow !' To-morrow never comes ! And 'there is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip,' my brother !" exclaimed Aspirita, maliciously. "Be quiet, Asp ! Don't hiss ! I feel very sure of my game ! And now I must have something to eat and drink. Do you mean to keep a fellow here starving all day long ?" demanded the brother, as he arose and jerked the bell cord. "Bring me luncheon here in two minutes ! Look sharp !" he exclaimed to the servant. who answered the bell. The repast was promptly served and Aspirita, leaving him to his gormandising, went to her room to take a nap. Early the next morning Brandon Coyle rode over to Castle Montjoie, where he ar- rived just before noon. He asked for Lord Altofaire and was at once admitted to the presence of the aged earl ; who received him in the old library with his accustomed heartiness. "I hope Lady Arielle is quite well this morning. She seemed a little indisposed yesterday, I feared," said Brandon Coyle, as soon as this first greetings were over. "She is not well, I am sorry to say. She keeps her room to-day, and desired to be excused to you, if you should call," answered the earl. "I am very sorry to hear that. I hope it is nothing serious," said Brandon Coyle. "I hope not, and yet I think I shall send for Sir Joseph Courtney," replied the earl, naming an eminent London physician, who had been made a baronet. "I trust you have no grave fears for her health ?" continued the young man. "Oh, no. Oh, no. But I think it is just as well to be on the safe side," said the earl, cheerfully. Brandon Coyle then remembered what his sister had once told him about the "fussy anxiety" of the old earl and countess over the health of their grandchild, that led them, as she had said, to summon down a court physician if she had but a cold in her head ; and after a little farther conversation he came to the main object of his visit. "Lady Arielle has consented to bless me with her hand, as you kindly led me to hope that she would, my lord, but her ladyship has referred me to you to fix the day that, shall make me the happiest of men," he said falling into the commonplace because he had not earnestness enough to inspire an original form. "My dear boy, you must be patient. You are betrothed to Lady Arielle. You are sure of her, and your suspense is over on the subject. But as to your marriage, that can not be celebrated for some time yet, except in case of a certain event. Out of respect to the deceased countess, her granddaughter's wedding must be delayed for a year, at least." I thought—I hoped—that we might be married very quietly, without cards, without bride-maids, without parade of any sort, and therefore without any disrespect to the memory of the late countess," urged Brandon Coyle, anxiously. "No, no, my dear fellow, that cannot be done. I can understand and pardon the im- patience of a young lover—a bridegroom ex- pectant—which would naturally make him for- get the proprieties of life ; but you must curb that impatience, and bethink you of the fit- ness of things. My granddaughter cannot be 'married quietly, without cards, without bride-maids,' and so forth. She must be married with all the ceremonies and festivi- ties befitting the nuptials of the last heiress of the house of Montjoie, and of the earldom of Altofaire, and therefore she cannot be married within the year of mourning for the late countess." (To be continued.) 