THE UNIVERSITY OF ADELAIDE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the building intended for the University of Adelaide, which is to take place to-day, marks an important epoch in the educational history of South Aus tralia. The colony has little to congratu late itself upon in looking back at the hardy progress of preliminary arrange ments for this interesting event This, however, is a feature in the matter upon which we need not now dwell. The grati fying fact is that all the introductory diffi culties have been surmounted, and that the Council of the University has at last seen its way clear to enter upon the actual work of building. No doubt in doing so it has drawn upon the liberality of the public, but there is no reason to fear that the bill will not be met at maturity. The object in view is peculiarly worthy of the sympathy of South Australians, both at home and abroad. When the University was first initiated there were many who regarded it as premature, but since then several years have elapsed, each pregnant with fresh proof of the necessity for such an institution. It is not alone that the population has been steadily in creasing, although this in itself is a strong argument for extending the facilities for that higher mental culture to, which in the infancy of communities comparatively little attention can be given ; the truth is that recent times have witnessed a highly satisfactory improvement in our educational system in its more elementary branches, and it is of vital consequence to the effective development of that system that the means of attaining to. the highest standards should be readily accessible. Ifo dcubt there has been a great deal of leeway to make up, but through the natural progressive ope ration of our school system — imperfect as it still is — candidates for a University course are being rapidly brought forward, and when the stream once begins to flow there is every reason to believe that it will be continuous. Before the resources of the University become severely taxed rom this cause it is absolutely necessary that the institution should have a habitation worthy of itself. Up to this point it has been passing through the nomadic stage of its career, dwelling as it were in tents, and having a somewhat hand-to-mouth struggle for existence , but the time has come for it to take rank amongst the permanent esta blishments of the colony. It must be borne in mind that the erection of a suitable University Building is as necessary in its way as the foundation of chairs. There is no occasion for affording luxurious accommodation to professors and lec turers, in the shape of lecture-rooms, laboratories, and museums, but it is impossible for them to discharge their duties with credit to themselves or advantage to the students unless reasonable provision is made for them in these respects. Persons who are unable to follow the princely example of Mr. W. W. Hughes and Sir Thomas Elder, and contribute their tens of thousands of pounds to endow chairs or of Mr. J. H. Angas, and apply their thousands to the establishment of scholarships, have an opportunity of rendering invaluable aid to the institution by giving their hun dreds, their tens, or even their units of pounds towards the Building Fund. The fact that there has been delay in getting matters into train for the erection of the edifice now commenced does not absolve colonists from the duty, or rather, we should say, does not rob them of the privilege of giving. The University is in every sense of the word a national establishment It was started on the most catholic basis ; it cannot degenerate into a sectarian or sectional insti tution without belying the principles upon which it is founded, and aban doning the place it ia intended to fill in the educational system of South Aus tralia. These are considerations which should commend it to the support of all, and we feel convinced that the liberality which there is reason to believe is to be exhibited in the contributions laid upon the stone to-day will be contagious. Wealthy colonists owe much to South Australia, and they cannot display their gratitude in a more appro- priate way than in giving generously; less wealthy colonists will participate in the inestimable benefits which a well conducted University must confer, and self-interest, if no higher motive, should impel them to contribute according to their ability. The ceremonial which is to take place to-day will fail in one of its most important objects if it does not stimulate interest in the University, and draw forth practical proofs of that interest in a hearty and liberal response to the appeal of the committee for money enough to carry out the work that has been undertaken. A Hard Sentence Commuted. — A correspondent signing himself ' Justice' has drawn our attention to a case of great hardship decided at the Criminal Court in November last. Seven youths and one middle-aged man were charged by an Italian named Dominic Sposisto with having riotously demolished a lodging house kept by him near the works at the Nelshaby Reservoir. The prosecutor was not a man of good repute, ho had been twice lined for illicit grog selling, and the 'house' which the defendants destroyed was a rough fabric of canvas spread on posts sunk in the ground. The defendants, who were under the influence of liquor, asked the prosecutor for beer, which he refused to supply, apparently for the reason that they had no money to pay for it. Dis turbances it seems were not of infrequent occurrence at Spoaiato's accommodation, house, and the hot provoked by his refusal to supply the refreshment asked for ended, as we have said, unpleasantly for him. For the offence committed the prisoners were one and all adjudged to be imprisoned for seven years with hard labour. The severity of the sentence was fully recognised by the presiding Judge (Air. Justice Boucaut), who inti mated that had it been in his power a lighter punishment would have been inflicted. The penalty is, however, the minimum that can be imposed under the Statute relating ta the offence — section 91 of the Criminal Law Consolidation Act In aggravated cases the Judge has the power to order an offender to be imprisoned for life with hard labour. That the offence is a serious one and needs to be dealt with with the utmost rigour will be admitted. But, considering the circumstances of the Nelshaby case, it is clear that the application of the section was productive of very great hardship and injustice. It is therefore satisfactory to learn that the Executive have taken note of the undue harshness of the sentence, and have commuted it to one year's imprisonment This punishment will amply meet the ends of justice. But it is far from satisfactory that the Executive should be called on to interfere in such a case. The fault lies in the Statute, which plainly should bo amended bo as to give more discretionary powers to the Judges. The fixing of a minimum penalty, unless it be a very low one, is as a rule an undesirable thing. It compels Judges to pass hard sentences where their inclination would lead them to deem the demands of equity satisfied by light ones. They should, in fact, be in a position to pass a sentence commensurate to the offence as disclosed by the evidence. Io respect to very heinouB crimes, it ib perhaps well that some line should be l*id down for their guidance ; but when a Statute is so com prehensive as that we have referred to, and provides for the punishment of men who pull down a tent as well as for those who destroy costly buildings, it is ob viously inconvenient to provide a mini mum penalty, which may lead ta both classes of criminals receiving the same punishment. It must be borne in mind, too, that the Statute is question is de signed for the protection of property against rioters, and the extent of the damage inflicted should be an element in weighing ihe nature of the sentence. It may be hoped that the Government will in this matter take steps to bring about an alteration in the law. UinvEBSiTT of Adelaidk. — The foundation stone of the University of Adelaide will be laid this afternoon at 3 o'clock by Ilia Excellency the Governor, who will deliver an address Addresses will also be given by the Chancellor of the University (the Bishop of Adelaide) and the Minister of Education (Hon. T. King). Complete arrangements have been made for the accommodation of visitor*, to whom tickets have been issued, and we are requested to state that the public (who have not received tickets of admission) will be admitted to the enclosure between the platform and the paling fence bound ing North-terrace and the University site. Carriages are to enter by the western approach and pus out at the east. At 4 o'clock the Council and the Senate meet to confer degrees, and at 4.15 p.m. a meeting of the Senate will bo held. Tee CoHSnTtnoN AiraxDitmrr Biix. — The only speech made on the Bill for the reform of the Legislative Council on Tuesday waa by the Attorney-General. The hon. and learned gen tleman quoted the opinions of several eminent writers to prove that some means was required to secure finality of discussion, and urged the acceptance of the Government measure m securing this result. On the motion of Mr. xtoss the debate was adjourned for a fortnight. We understand that the hon. member ha» invented a scheme of his own for reforming the Constitution, but the details evidently need a little consideration before be ia able to place it belore the world. ? The Sewage Tabu.— On Taeaday the Com missioner of Public Works allowed his motion in favour of the adoption of Tam O'Shinter Belt as the site for the sewage farm to lapse. He Iim, however, given fresh notice for* Thursday. Beakbaxoeiikot of Electoral Districts. — Great interest was taken by the members of the House of Assembly on Tuesday in the alterna tive plans for the rearrangement of the electoral districts, which were hanging on the wall of the Chamber. Messrs. Went-Krikine and Parsons were evidently the recipients of a goad deal of sympathetic banter in consequence of the pro posed absorption of the District of Encounter Bay into the adjoining divisions of Noarlunga and Mount Barker. Mr Bundey obtained leave . to introduce the Bill defining the districts, and announced that the scheme described by us yesterday had been adopted. By this the colony will be divided into twenty-five dis tricts; each retorniag two members. There was an amusing incident in connection with i the pKns during the discussion on Mr. Bray's motion. Mr. Koss wa» speak ing with his usual vigour, but even his stentorian voice was nearly drowned by Jthe buzz : of conversation among members who were anxiously examining the proposed arrange ment of the districts. The hon. member com plained of the noise, ar.d singled oat for special rebuke Mr. Haine*. who, as a Government nip porter. he accused of interrupting him. k happened that Mr. Haiues was in another part of the House, bat Mr. Koss was at once able to shift the blame to ' another Government sup porter,' in the person of Mr. Eounsevell. It may be well to add that the Speaker had occasion to call Mr. Boas to order at a later stage for committing the very offence of which he bad complained. The Goverxoh of New South 'Wales. — In tLe course of a few days Lord Loftu*. the newly appointed Governor of the colony of New South Wales, will reach Sydney, he having arrived at Auckland by the Californian mail steamer Zcalandia ou Tuesday. Hit Excellency hsa fUltd many important position)) since he entered the diplomatic service of Great Britain in 1837, and prior to his present appointment was Ambassador at the Court of St. lVt-:r»b':rg. THB Sheahiku Sbapoi*.— The shearing season may be said to have fairly btguu with the de parture of two large parties of shearers to Kiu cbigs, on the Darling, find Mount Gijpj, in the NorthcEast. The men, iiumtiering between sixty and seventy, wcr*1 engaged anfl dispatched by Mr. W. K. Hunt, of the LaWiur OUiee, on Monday, per rail, river, ai d wagon, m ,'ju.lt far their respective dettiuatioiis. Csambkb op Ct MMKKCK. — The quarterly meeting of this Chamber wil! take place this afternoon at 2 o'clock, Dot 3, owing to the cere rcony in conwetion with the Adelaide Uni versity, p-^ Thb Agbbexekt -with thb Associated Baxks.— Mr. Bray's motion for the production of the agreement between the Government and the Associated Banks gave rise to an animated discussion in the Assembly on Tuesday after noon. The hon. member for East Adelaide con tended that if the arrangement made was a good one no harm conld come of its being made public, whereas if it were a bad one it waa well that it should be made known to the Parlii ment, in order that they might make adequate provision for the future. There are, he re marked, man; men in the House who believe i that if Parliament had been taken into the confi dence of the Government in reference to the financial arrangements last year the colony would have been saved a great loss. The Treasurer— immediately announced that the Government did not intend to oppose the motion, a statement that was met with derisive cheers by several membera. Be still adhered to the opinion that it would be better for the paper not to be produced, but by opposing the motion the suspicion would be raised that the Government wished to conceal something, whereas as a matter of fact the terna were very favourable to the Government, much more s- than those made by the Ministry of Victoria 3Ir. Mann was severely taken to task by Messrs. TTeat-Erakine, Glyde, and Ross for con senting 'to lay the paper on the table while adhering to his previously expressed opinion that the publication of the terms woald be prejudicial to the best interests of th? colony, aad the two last named urged that it was contraiy- to all the principles of responsible government that such a position should be taken by any Minister. Mr. Cooke and Mr. Townsend took a much more favourable view to the Government ; and after one or two other speeches Mr. Bray replied, characterizing it as one of the weakest things a Government ever did to refuse information one week and give it the next, although the same objection to its publication in their opinion still existed. The motion waa then agreed to, and the Treasurer laid a copy of the agreement on the table. -In moving that it be printed, he remarked that he was not going to be decoyed into a no-confidence debate at this time, bat whenever his generous critics wanted a, turn with him they knew where, to meet him, and he would be ready to meet them. An attempt was made by Mr. Glyde, Mr. West Erskine, and Mr. Boss to show that the Treasurer had transgressed the roles by referring to a former debate in these few remarks. The Speaker ruled that he waa quite in order, and Mr. Wes£-Eraldne announced that he would challenge the decision, but he afterwards changed bis mind, observing that the ruling of Sir George Kingston would form a precedent which other membera woald no doubt take advantage of ere long. The full text of the agreement with the Banks-will be found in another column. Delayed Cases nr thb Sctheste Coubt. — The following return, moved for by Mr, Lsnd *eer, showing the number of cases in the Supreme Court in which which judgments had cot been pronounced up to July 2, 1879 (the date on which the resolution was passed), the interval of time that has elapsed since the last stige of each such case, and the reason of the delay between the hearing and the judgment, was laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday : — ' 1. Hargrave and Another v. Browne, date of last stage October 12, 1378 ; an equity suit heard by His Honor the Chief Justice, during the absence on leave of His Honor the Primary Judge. His Honor the Chief Justice required time to consider his judgment. 2. Rutherford 7. Darwent and Others, date of last staga November 14, 1378; date of judgment July 24, 1879. This suit was was heard before His Honor the Primary Judge, and the hearing on further con sideration was before His Honor the Chief Justice during the absence on leave of His Honor the Primary Judge. His Honor the Chief Justice required time to consider his judgment. 3 and 4. The Queen v. Roach, date of last stage July 16, 187S, date of judgment July 22, 1879; and Simms v. Habich, date of last stage July 23, 187S, and date of judgment July 22, 1879. These were arguments on rules nisi for new trials or to vary verdicts given. Their Honors the Judges required time to consider their judgments. 5. Dobson v. Dobson, date of last stage July 2, 1S79, date of judgment July 22, 1879; an equity suit. Their Honors the Judges required time to consider their judgment.' RAIL-WAT Workshops.— On. the occasion of the visit of the Minister of Education to Salis bury on Monday a deputation, which waited on him for another purpose, afterwards brought under his notice the suitability of Salisbury as a site for the proposed new railway workshops, pointing out that there was plenty of cheap land available in the neighbourhood, and an un limited supply of .the best water on the North line for railway purposes, Mr. King said the matter was sot in his department, but that if the deputation wished to urge it on the Go vernment they should wait on the Commissioner of Public 'Works. Death of Eev. Patrick Kehob.— A corre spondent has kindly furnished us with the following :— ' On Monday, July 28, the Bev. Patrick Kehoe, Roman Catholic clergyman, died at Penola. This sad occurrence will cast a gloom over the Catholic community, and will cause bitter grief to those among whom the deceased young priest laboured so briefly but so well. Only a few yean ago— in 187- — he waa ordained priest at All Hallows College, Dublin, and since that time he devoted himself unsparingly to the service of the Church in South ABstralia. He spent four years in active work among the Catholics of Adelaide, made frequent missionary visits through the districts of Port Lincoln and Port Augusta, and had charge for the last conple of years of the Penola Mission. The announcement of his premature death— the result, we are informed, of a late accident — will be received wherever the de ceased priest has laboured through the length and breadth of South Australia and with deep sorrow.'. Tejtfehascb Hebtiso at North Adelaide. —A popular temperance meeting waa held at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Mon day evening, July 29. There was a crowded attendance. The Hon. J. Carr. who presided, in \- his opening remarks, referred to the different ways in which the temperance cause should be accomplished, stating that the pulpit, public opinion, the platform, and the Press, could all help on the cause. The Eev. D. O'Donnell said that at every meeting of the Licensing Bench fresh licences were applied for, and the question arose among temperance men what could be done to check intemperance. Well, the first thicg, he thought, was co-operation. This was where the Licensed Victuallers were so strong, as they all worked together, and he thought they were to be complimented for their coope ration. He would urge upon temperance people to form themselves into a square, as the British recently did against the Zulus, and they would then be able to stand- They ought also to try atd get Mr. Matthew Burnett ove* here from Melbourne to work up the cause, and thus get a majority at the coming elections. Mr. O'Dounell then went on to speak of the Inebriate Retreat, and said that there ought to be, and would be, a great change nnde in its laws and conduct. He thought it was not right for a man sent to the Retreat by a Bench of Magistrates to stand on equal terms with one who voluntarily placed himself in the Institu tion. The rev. gentleman was frequently ap plauded during his address, and was at the t'lose awarded a vote of thanks. Daring the evening songs and recitations were tiven to enliven the proceeding*. At the close of the mreting another meeting was held to consider the best means to induce Mr. Kurnett to visit the colony, and it was resolved that the Wesleyan body be asked to co-operate with them to get Mr. Burnett over for six nicEtbs. \otc3TKER Items. — This week Colonel Downs* wilt deliver another of the series of military lecturts, the subject being ' Marching scd Marches.'' The officers and non-coms cf the three branches of the service are 'to parade at the Railway Station on Situr t!ay, to go to Dry Creek for shelter trench and pit exercises. His Excellency the Governor havirg signified bis intention to lay the founda tion-stone of the Adelaide University to-day, a guard of bonour, consisting of one captain, two subalterns, and 100 rank and file of F Company of Adelaide Rifles, made up to full strength from G Company, is to parade at 2.12 pa. The band will also be in attendance. Tbe captain for the ensuing week ia Captain France, and the subaltern Lieutenant Hinde. Dumoxdj. — We understand that Captain Warrrc, long known in connection, with the niauagxiaent of the Paramatta and Hamley Slices, on Yorke's Peninsula, and tha Bilade Mine, in Xew Caledonia, has secured a number of claims at Echunga. on which he intends to institute a search for diamonds. He proposes to form a large Company on liberal terms, and to use dressing machinery from Yorke's Pen insula, with some modifications to suit the circumstances. Opfsuto Ixsrrrn»s ox Scmdat3.— A meet ing will be held at Hindmarsh on Friday even ing to consider the question of opening museums and institutes on Sundays. Saii of a BrsnrBES.— We understand that Me-srs. McLean Brothers & Bigg, of Melbourne, have purchased the old-established ironmongery business of Messrs. George Phillips & Co., Hindley-street. Newkabsbt Races. — Tenders for Grand b:sLd and booths at next Newmarket Race - Meeting— August 6— will be received at Mr. S. E&i; card's cfEces up to 4 o'clock to-day. I Awiimg STEAimjo Cohpajit.— The half yearly meeting of the Adelaide Steamtug Com pany, Limited, waa held on Tuesday, July 29, at the Company's offices, GrenfeU- street. Sir Thomas Elder took the chair, and 7,000 shares were represented. The Chairman reported that the amount of profit for the half-year was £3,936 17s. 5d\ which the Directors proposed to appropriate in the following manner:— To pay a dividend of -is. 6d. per share oa the first cost, which would represent 10 per cent, on the amount paid up and would absorb £2,250; to place £1,000 to renewal of depreciation as a kind of Reserve Fund, only available if wanted ; and to carry the balance— £6S'j 17s. 5d.— towards the next half-year. He stated that the tug Adelaide had been laid np inst^ead of the Yatala on the recommendation of the engineer's surveyor. The only additional information the Directors thought it necessary to give was the last clause of the Auditors' report, which said that the past half-year's operations exhibit an increase in earnings of £ 130 5s. 1 Id. and decrease in expenditure of £326 11s. 10d., making a result— £-450 17s. 9d.— better than that of the preceding half-year; while, if compared with the corresponding half-year in 1S73 the net profit for the past half-year was greater by £1,661 18s. Id. On the motion of the Chair man, seconded by Mr. D. Brown, the report was unanimously adopted. Messrs. James Fisher and O'Halloran were appointed to sign the minutes of the meeting, and Mr. John Neiil was re-elected Auditor for the enscing half-year. In reply to questions, the Chairman stated that no arrangement had yet been come to with the P. k. O. Company in respect to landing cargo, the matter having been left entirely open until the Government receive a reply from Melbourne. Mr. W. H. Chaxnock, agent for the Orient Steamship Company, said that a contract had been made with the Company he represented for twelve months, and, on behalf of that Company, -he could express his conviction that the contract was an exceedingly fair one. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. '' Chamber of Mantfactcebs.— The annual meeting of tbe members of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Tuesday, July 29, at the offices of the Society, Waymouthstreet A large number of members were present, and the chair was taken by Mr. S. Davenport (Pre sident of the Chamber;. The annual report of the committee contained an expression of regret that the Government had not seen fit during the recent period of depression that had existed in South Australia to act in accordance with a suggestion made by the Chamber that in the carrying out of public works local ten derers might be primarily considered. The attention of private Tram W3y and Railway Com panies was also called to the fact that they had been and were now spending thousands of pounds in the purchase of plant from foreign countries which might have been spent to greater general advantage within the colony. The Industrial Exhibition was referred to as not having been a success financially, but other wise as net a failure. The steps taken by the Chamber with respect to obtaining exhibits from manufacturers for the Sydney Exhibition were related, and other important matters con nected with the work of the Chamber were dilated upon. The report, together with the balance-sheet, which showed that there was a small balance in hand, was adopted. The President's annual address was directed to the importance and necessity of agricultural and industrial education, which he considered to be a branch of the work the Chamber was consti tuted to perform. Some new members of com mittee were appointed in the stead of retiring members, and votes of thinks were accorded to the President and to the Secretary for their services in connection with the institution. Salisbury and Sjcithfield Pcblic Schools. — On Monday morning the Minister of Educa tion (Hon. T. King), with Messrs. W. Oavenagh and J. Darling, members for Yatala, and Mr. J. A. Hartley (Inspector- General of Schools) left town for a visit of inspection to the public school at Salisbury. On arrival there they were met by about 20 leading residents of the town, who accompanied them to the school. The building was erected to accommodate 120 children, but 153 were found to be in atten dance, being all but three whose names are now on the roll In fact, some of the children have to be taught in the lobby, there being no accom modation for tbem in the rooms. Mr. R. Verco urged that the attendance which the Minister saw before him fully justified the request which had been made to him by a deputation about a fortnight ago for the enlargement of the school. The Rev. J. R. Ferguson spoke next, and suggested, in connection with the ques tion of building a new room, that country institutes might be affiliated to schools. Messrs. Oavenagh and Darling strongly supported the wish of the residents, satisfactorily explained the reasons for their absence from the deputation above referred to, and expressed themselves as being greatly pleased with tbe appearance of the children who are taught by Mr. Wither. Mr. King said he saw that extra accommodation was needed, and he promised that the school should be enlarged so as to accommodate 200 children, and that. the matter should be placed in the hands of the Architect-in-Chief at once, a reply which appeared to give much satisfaction. The children, after singing, were marched out into the yard and put through drilling exercises by the teacher, acquitting themselves very credit ably. Mr. King asked and obtained a half holiday for them, and, after cheers being given for him and various other gentlemen, the visit terminated. The party then went on to Smith field School, where only forty-three children were present. They were thoroughly examined by the Inspector-General, after which the Minister and members returned to town, and Mr. Hartley proceeded to Kapunda to inspect the school there. Compulsory Education.— On Friday the Local Board of Advice, together with Mr. Vocking, the Superintendent of Visitors (says the Kapunda Herald), sat to hear explanations from parents on whom notices had been served for non-attendance of their children of school going age at the Government School. The cases of thirty-five children were brought before the Board, and seventeen persons attended, repre senting twenty-seven children. In nearly all the cases the children were ordered to attend sshoo), commencing on Monday. In some few cases poverty was pleaded as the excuse, and the parents were advised to apply for exemption of payment of fees. Hamlet Mnraro Comfaht.— The ordinary general meeting of shareholders in this Com pany was held at White's Arbitration Room, on Tuesday, July 29. Mr. D. Bower, M.P., the Chairman, presided. The report and balance sheet, of which an abstract has appeared in these columns, were taken as read. The Chair man, in moving their adoption, said that at the last meeting the shareholders expressed a desire that the expenditure should be reduced. The Directors bad endeavoured to carry out that wish as far as practicable. The staff of men had been reduced from 180 to 128, and Captain Cowling had said that it could not be further cut down without impeding the development of the mine. The mine was now being kept in such a state that, in the event of a rise in the price of copper, dividends could be at once paid. The only portion now being worked was Beddcme's lode. There were, however, nine men working on tribute in tbe eastern lode. The retrenchment which had taken place enabled tbe Company to pay its way during the half-year, and to have a credit balance of £820. Mr. J. Porter seconded the adoption of the re port, but expressed a hope that the staff would be reduced to about 30. Captain France also thought the opening up of fresh ground should not be prosecuted at the cost of the share holders, or to the absorbing of all profits on the ore raised. It would be better to cut down eip enses cow, and then employ men when the price of eopper rose. He was afraid that the ore in the shallower levels might be getting used uj-, and then the Company would not be ' in a position to keep up a good snpply of ore when better times came; especially as the captain talked about the ground being hard in the low levels. The Chairman thought it was best to keep the pre sent staff employed, and not run the risk of some of the working* falling in. Then as soon as the market improved dividends would begin again. Mr. J. Cherry thought it a mistake to raise so much ore at the present time when it merely paid the wages of the miners. His impression waa that it might be years before the market improved very much, and in the mean time the poor shareholders as well as the miners ought to be considered. Mr. Whitington said the labour to open up fresh ground could be had much more cheaply now than when better times came. Therefore it was desirable to use the men cow, and so be ready for the demand when it came. Mr. Bellingham, who bad recently inspected the mine, gave some particulars as to the underground workings; and the feeling of the meeting seemed to be favourable te sinking the main shaft down to the 65-feet level, and then making a drive 20 feet below the 65-feet level instead of having the levels 10 feet apart It was pointed out that these 20-feet levels or ' backs' would enable the ground to be tested, and then the working* could be prosecuted with vigour when the long desired rise in the price of copper ocenrs. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and the meeting then closed. The Ly--ch Familt or I-eixre»gers.— This company, now on their Northern ton-, appeared at the Institute, Jamestown, on Monday evening when there was a crowded attendance. Daring the remainder of the week; the company visit Yongsda, Caltowie, and Gladstone. Drstfi Bihthdat Mbetisg.— Sheet Anchor and Sleight-cf-Hand^have been scratched for the Hunters' Steeplechase, aad First Water for the Flutter. Wqbks at Kdiostoh akb firvoLi Bat.— The following memorandum by Mr. Hickson accom panied plans which were laid before Parliament on Tuesday : — ' In eomplying with the terms of Mr. Henning's motion I have the honour to forward plans and a copy of specifications of Kingston and Eivoli Bay Piers as prepared by Sir. Cbeesewright (agent for Wells Brothers), aa well as the drawings made by me, showing some alterations in detail. It will be noticed the general plan and section prepared by me is an exact copy of Mr. Cheesewright's. The altera tions in detail were made because I did not consider Mr. Cheesewright's plan strong enough to carry a locomotive. I also furnish a plan of Kingston Station Yard. The actual difference of level between the jetty platform and the rails where tbe junction will be is nine inches in a distance of 4G2 feet, giving a gradient of 1 in 616 down to the jetty. I may add the level of the jetty was fixed by the level of high water, quite irrespective of the railway levei, which would in any case have had to be governed by that of the jetty.' A Press Faeetveix— A meeting of the press men of Adelaide was held last night at the Imperial Hotel on the occasion of the departure for Melbourne of Mr. J. W. Roberts, a member of the literary staff of the Reyuttr. There were about forty pressmen present. Mr. J. H. Fin layson proposed tbe health of Mr. Roberts, and spoke in eulogistic terms of his con nection with the Adelaide Press. The toast was enthusiastically responded to, and Mr. Roberts's many friends wished him bon voyage. Mr. Roberts has joined the Aruv.s staff, and will no doubt be welcomed as heartily by his old Melbourne friends as his departure is thought of regretfully by the many friends he has made during his Btay here. After tbe ordinary business of the meeting was over, it was determined to take preliminary steps for tbe formation of a Press Club in Adelaide, similar to the Yorick Club which exists in Melbourne. Fatal Occurrence at Sea. — During the voyage of the Pekina from London she had the misfortune to lose one of her apprentices under most painful circumstances. The vessel had been for several days humbugged by head winds, but on June 30, when in lat. 41°, long. 36', there was a change of wind which gave her a good slant along-, and she was heading away on her course at thirteen knots an hour with all plain sail set. During the middle watch it was found necessary to take in the foreroyal, and the sail beiug clewed up a lad nsmed Charles Sanders was sent aloft to furl it. As the vessel clove through the water the helmsman beard the cry of the boy as he rose in the wake of the vessel, for he had fallen from the giddy height and waa fast drifting astern. There was not the slightest prospect of a rescue, aa it was impos sible to let the ship come to the wind under such a press of canvas with so high a sea running, and the poor young fellow met a watery grave. Vestby Meetimg, St. Jude's, Port Elliot, July 27.— The Easter meeting having lapsed owing to the absence of the incumbent, the Wardens and Sidesmen were now formally reappointed with thanks for past services. Mr. Trigg'a account for repairs, &c;, to the church having been presented, the liabilities of the Vestry were found to amount to £22, and it was re solved to open at once a subscription- list to defray the same. A vote of thanks to Mrs. Andrews for tha handsome east -window placed by her in the church was then accorded. The work, aa was stated, waa executed by Zettler of Munich. It presents four pictures, two repre senting the healing of the woman who touched the hem of the Saviour's robe, and two the appear ance to the disciples who were going to Emmaus. Both drawing and colouring are much admired, but unfortunately the glass ha« suffered some what from rough usage in transit. The window is dedicated to the memory of the late Mr. E. W. Andrews, who, it will be remembered by those who knew him, spent his last days at Port Elliot. It was mentioned by the incumbent that two small geometrical windows from tbe same house were to arrive soon, and it was hoped that in a few years the whole of the windows in the church would be replaced with stained glass. The Crops vx the Areas. — Mr. James Shakes (of Messrs. Listen, Shakes, & Co.), who has recently returned from a trip to the North, has furnished the Kapunda Herald with the following particulars respecting the crops :— 'Starting from Kapunda the crops along the railway line to Hallett are looking very well, especially some in the neigh bourhood of Manoera. In the Jamestown dis trict they are not so forward, but near Laura they look better, and also near Mount Remark able. At Wilmington and district they look remarkably well and forward, and the same will apply to the crops between there and Quorn, in some paddocks six inches high ; but I hear they are not so good on the W,illochra plain. On Wednesday at Quorn it rained from about half past 10 in tbe morning to daylight next morning, and by the appearance of the country there must have been nearly an inch, and as it came from the south-east and east the plains would be sure to participate in the welcome downfall on Thursday morning.' The Hocwds. — The hounds will meet at the Britannia Hotel at half-paat 8 o'clock this morning. The Zulu War.— The following extract from one of the English papers refers to the position of Ulundi, the scene ot tbe latest conflict in Zululand, in which the British were victorious — a spot which is not indicated on the maps of the scene of war:— 'The military kraals of the Zulus deserve some slight description. They are in point of fact fortified depots, where the various regiments assemble for their annual training, or mobilize in time of war. The kraal is usually about 500 yards in diameter, and fenced round with a dry stake and wattled fence, about five feet in height, difficult to breach and still harder to storm, as it is well surrounded by an abatis of prickly pear, bush thorns, and other formidable obstacles. Inside this fence are thrown up the men's huts, and a smaller ring is generally erected in the centre, in which the cattle are kept. The King's kraal is Ulundi, almost in the centre of the country. Six regiments, numbering about 7,000 men, are quartered here permanently. Another im portant kraal is situated a few miles to the north of Borke's Dritt. This was the head quarters of Sirajo, a brother of Cetywayo's. It was burnt shortly after hostilities opened, and tbe chiefs son killed in tbe engagement. Most of the other kraals are in tbe neighbourhood of Ulundi, so that the King is constantly enabled to inspect his troops.' Thb Basrtsr Rasgbs.— Our correspondent at Umberumberka writes as follows on July 25 : — ' We have had some glorious rains these last few days. It is still raining, and the water holes and tanks are full to overflowing. In stock crossings I have to report Mr. Bonney's 5,000 sheep Irom Momba, Mr. L. Mclntyre in charge, passed on the 11th ; a mob of rams, Mr. Hughes in charge, passed upwards for the Paroo on the 16th; Messrs. Williams's 320 head of cattle from the Warrego, for Adelaide, Mr. Blake in charge, passed on the ISth; Mr. McLennan's 200 head of cattle from Moot wingee, Mr. D. Wbitfield in charge, also passed for Adelaide on tbe 22nd. The body of a man with the head severed from the trunk was dis covered by Mr. Whitfield and a blackfellow while mustering cattle about fourteen miles from Mootwingee station. The track on which it was found was a very unfrequented one, and Mr. Whitfield supposes him to have been dead about two mouths. A tomahawk and butcher's knife were lying near the body, and, what looks nioftt suspicious, two quart pots, but no swag or means of identification, were found. Tbe body is that of a man about forty years of age, with light complexion and hair turning grey. A dread ful death by fire tsok place about a fortnight ago near the Mount Gipps Hotel. It appears that the deceased man, whose name was Welch, had been stopping at the hotel. At night, however, he camped in the creek, a short distance away, and in the morning his remains were found burnt to a cinder. The strangest part of the occurrence is that several men were camping near, one within ten yards of him, but none of them heard the slightest disturb ance during the night. The matter would bear a closer investigation. The remains have since been buried,' Thb Theatre Botal.— There was again an excellent house at the Royal on Tuesday even ing to witness the repetition of ' Amos Clarke,'' in which play Mr. Rignold appeared to such advantage on the previous evening. There was frequent applause throughout the performance. The pl»y will be again presented this evening. BrRGiABT.— Mr. William Middleditch in forms us that on Monday, the 21st inst., during the temporary absence of himself and family, who have been residing in the neighbourhood of Albexton for some time, his boose was entered and cash to the amount of £5 2s. 6d. and other valuables were taken, including wearing apparel, a watch, and other small matters of value as family relics. The police have been diligently cd the f ui rttr, but up to the present time have not succeeded in obtaining any clue to the thieves. Teb Ghost Extertajsmext.— The entertain ment row being presented at White's Rooms by Mr. D'Arcy Read was well received by those present on Tussday evening. Many of the ececes were very amusing, and elicited frequent bursts of applause. The performance will be given throughout the week. 