NAPOLEONIC SUPERSTITIONS. Br Monouhb D. Ooamx, IN the will ol Napoleon III, oooura the following remarkable passageWith re gard to my BOD, let him keep as a talisman the seal I need to wear attaohod to my watob, and wbioh oomes from my mother; let him carefully preserve everything that oomeu to me from the Emperor, my anole; a»d let blm be ooavlnoed that my heart and my soul remain with him." The telegram (com Cape Town whioh annaunod the find ing ol the late ex-Prlnoe Imperial contains those words: " The Prinoe's body was found stripped of all olothmg, but had not suffered any mutilation, and tbe reliquary whioh lie wore suspended by a chain from bis nook, together with his watob and rings, was found lying near the spot where he Ml." The " talisman" whioh tbe lata Emperor bo solemnly enjoined his son to wear, whioh be did wear, and wbioh returns to hia mother from that wild scene beside the Tomb&kala;, fs almost certainly tbe once famous cbarm of Charlemagne. It has a more interesting story than any gem in Europe, if not in the world. In the oourse of studies for other purposes I have reoently oome upon legendary traoes of this ourious objeot. " La plus belle rellque do l'Europe," as a Frenoh antiquarian described it in the last generation, was by one myth said to have been oontrlved by one of the Magi belonging to the ooutt of Haroun-al.IUsohld, who oame from the East to pay homage to the great Emperor of the West along with certain ambassadors. The wife of Charlemagne,' FftBtxudf», u8lsod the Magi lur a talisman whioh would always oa'aso her husband to be fasol«ated by its weaver, rtud this charm was framed at her instanoe. Bat auother fable ascribed to it the following origin. While Charlemagne had his seat at 55um Lach, near Zurioh, administering exaot Justice to all, he had a column fined at his gates with a ball and a rope. ;It was open to anyone do^ maud log justice to sound this belt; and when the Emperor heard it, even though at his meals, he would instantly answer the summons. On one oooasion this bell was repeatedly rung without any person being found near it. At length an enormous serpent was found twined around the rope. The Emperor, heariug this, immediately went forth) the serpent inoliued respectfully before him, and then moved slowly off; Charlemagne followed it to the river, where he saw a monstrous toad sitting upon tbo nest and eggs of the serpent. Resolved to administer justioe to all oroatures, the Emperor ordered the toad to be burned. A few days after, this serpent crept into tbe judgment-hall, bowed low to the Emperor, crept upon the table, and having dropped a preolous stoue iuto a goldon goblot, glided quietly away. The Einpovor, impressed by thiB marvel, built on tho upot where tbe serpent's nest had been a ohuroh called ' . Wasserkelch." He «avo the prooious stone to his beloved spouse, Fustraua. The stone so drew toward hor tha Emperor'a lovo that I he could hardly suffer her out of his sight. la the hour of hor death, the Empress, dreading lest another should suoeeod hue in the affec tions of the Emperor, plno.-"' Mio fcsein beneath her tongue, and it was bimod with her. Charlemauge could not sop, ''to himself from the body, and 1 or eighteen .years carried it about with him, At length mu cogfeasor, by some blaok art, fllHoovorod the stone and its virtues; aftur whioh CJhiu'loniougo allowed the body to bo interred, and transferred his nffeotkm to the oonteaHor, who became his Prime Minister, Arohbialiop of Mainz, and Chancellor of the Empire. But then, either' ia a moment of repentance or anger, this Individual threw the stone into a lake near Ingetbllm. Then the affection of Oharle mange was diverted from his former favourite to the lake, and he built beside it a palaoe, for whose deooratlou hist other imperial residences were made bare, But when Charlemange camc to die, his throes were long and violent; and the arohblshop,| knowing the ouuse, had the lake dragged for the gem he had thrown into it. The talisman having been restored to the person of the mouaroh, lie diad peacefully (1814). Tbe tomb of Charlemagne, at Alx-la> Chapelle, was opened by Otto III. in 097, ana it is B*ld tnat tho wonderful ge?n was found suspended from his neck. However that may be, the gem had been for a long time the most valued rtllc in Aix-U-Chapelle when it wub presented by that oity to Napoleon I. It was at d moment waen he seemed to'many, pre-eminently to himself, an avatar of Cuarlemagne. Napoleou pre sented it to his favourite Hortense, cUdevant Queen of Hollaud. At her death, in 1837, it passed 16 her 'son, Napoleon III, It shared his imprisonment at Ham, and accompanied him through all hia vloiusltudes, ' In the oourse of its long history the precious etoue has undergo evolutions. The nut-lllse stono constituting its basis is i surrounded by antique filigree of flue gold, and is set with various going, There are several reiios about it, In the centre is a portion of the Holy Gfoos, Possibly it gained its sanotitv after losing its virtues as a love oharm. Some of tho variants of its legend look as if its virtues had gone into the thermal waterH ol JUx-l^OhapeUe, wbioh would aooount for the aaaot'lufcion of the ser pent with it-uf old the tjuurdi&n; of wells. A.t any rate, Hortense had an exporionoe of Us attractive powers widely different from that of FaBtrada. Tho Magian amulet oould not co-operate with tho true cross, and Horteneo was divovcod from her husband in 1810\. It appears to have had equally little of the power originally ascribed to it in the oase of tho late Emperor. For while it was worn by him, and he was writing so sol emnly about it in his will (dated 24th April, 1805), he wrote sadly in another olause of the same instrument tbat" contemporaries seldom render (one) justice," and " it is neoessary to oonsider that from Heaven on high those whom you have loved ;egard and proteob you; it is the soul of my ilius> trious uncle that has always inspired and sustained me." Whether the late Emperor would have ex pressed himself so strongly about the talis* man if his will bad been written after Sedan, is questionable, It is open to speculation how far the young1 ox-Prlnoe was influenced by this talisman. That whioh his father wore at his watoh ohain the Bon wore suspended upon his breast, as Oatholios wear the most saored reliquaries in whose proteo tive virtues they believe. The strange mystioal addresses to the Deity found among this youth's papers reveal a degree of superstition about himself whioh amounts to j a psyohologloal phenomenon. At the seat of war in Afrioa he displaced a reoklessness whioh has led some to believe that his desire to do "something to get himself talked about" (words reported from him by his intimate friend M, Amlgues) amounted to I insanity, while others believe that he sought I death. But it is possible that a natural rashness of disposition, and the tradition that a Napoleon .must begin with a military halo, were turned to fatal forces by seoret faith in the potenoy of this talisman. There is, X thiuk, no reason to suppose that the Bonaparte family are by nature more Bupurstitious than others, It would rather appear that Imperialism itself is a great eaperBtttlon, and that all who beoome neirs to it flad themselves brought into a weird realm of shadows, which beoome potent tbrough belief in their reality. On the day when the telegraph brought news of the finding of the young prettnier's body, I was present at a performance of Viotor Hugo'sgHemant by the Comfidle Frangaise, London. The royal box was filled, and those in it had an opportunity of learning the | primitive sense of that imperialist title whioh Lord BeaoonsQeld lately hung round the neok of Yiotorla as a talisman to win the homage of India. Don Carlos enters tbe tomb of Charlemange a King; be oomeB out an Emperor. The King had been a contemptible wretoh, assailing the virtue ol a helpless lady, separatism her from ber lover, albeit the latter bad spared bia life; the Em* peror is noble, raises the lovers to dignities, and unites them. Iq tberomantio imagination even of Vlotor Hugo, fifty years rro, there was a divinity hedging about an Emperor. When the three strokes of the distant bell have announoed that the eleotion has fallen on Don Oarlos, and be suddenly appears at the door of the mausoleum, where be bad seoreted himself to overbear hU conspirators, these men, brave and wronged, are para lysed in bis presenoe, their lights go out, their weapoas are lowered. Behind the Emperor is not only Charlemagne, but a long prooession of mojestlo ghosts who In their day vindicated the man in whom was nobility against the man who was in the nobility. The mertifflval straggle between the hereditary oblef and the chief Dei gratia is' now represented by the rivalry between lettitimaoy and a government11 by ,the will of God and the Frenoh peopleand as in thefar past Pretenders looked for signs from heaven where Legitimists looked to pedigrees, even now we find anoient superstitions hovering around Imperial, long alter they have left merely royal bouses. Not long ago the little Prince Waldemar died at Berlin. Next day It was telegraphed over Europe that a soldier on night>watoh had seen " the White Lady," When the Prince of Wales was supposed to bo dying at Sand-, ringbam, be had a no more distinguished bamhce than a dog, whose bowling one night sounded over England next day. Nor oan I learn that there bas been any apparition of tho Whlta Lady announolug a death until Ahe King of Prussia beoaine the Emperor of Germany. Tho White Dove whloh the Bona partial reporter of the Oaulois saw descending upon St. Augustine Church, in Parle, on the occasion of the Requiem for the Prlnoe Imperial, might at first be supposed a mere competitor with the White Lady. Bo long as a supernatural messenger in maintained In the imperial livery on the right bank of the Rhine, it oan hardly be expected tbat suoh a dignity will be dispensed with on the left bank, especially sinoe it is very cheap. But really these apparitions have no conneotlon except in the primitive mental and moral babltat of Imperialism; wherever that anoient atimBphere reoeives a ehook, these old mythlo bats are startled, and flit about, and then subside till-the nest time. But thoy report just what Is ever present in tho Imperialist mind, detaching it from the every* dav llju^J oi oommon- senaa and republican principle. The White Lady Is a BUrvlvdl from the Norse goddess Frjgga, the wife of Odin. When Odin, or Woden, was diabolized into a Wild Huntsman, Fiigga was deoiared by the Christian missionaries to be a she* devil. But this degradation suoeeeded but slowly. Frlgga bad been a sweet Madonna to the Germans, and when she oeased to be worshipped she beoamo the Good Fairy. She was even believed in some regions to have become a proselyte of tho Ohristiau faith, and to attend the baptism of her favourites. From being the protector of all German households, she became the guardian of the imperial family, whioh roprouontod all families. This popular snporstition was fostered in high places, sluoe it invested tho throne with an asBooiatlon of antiquity, and also of original oonneotion with tho peasantry. The tradition had its utility onoc, and ia now a sarvlval, ' The White Dove oomes from tho anoient Christian heavens, and in imperial symbol ism has always been supposed to bring the divine sanction whioh it brought at the baptism of Christ-u This ia My beloved Bon 1" It is said that t ) acquire this sanctity Mahommed trained a white pigeon to peroh on his shoulder. A white dove is said to have brought the orism at the baptism of OlovlB, founder of the Frenoh monarohy; and a white dove was oarved on the sceptre of Charlemagne, aB foundor of tho German Empire. White doves were said to have oome to bear the soul of Louis of Thuringia to heaven-a logend rememberod in the departure of Lohengrin in a boat drawn by white doves. The symbol was adopted by the constitution of the Order of the Holy GhOBt in the fourteenth oentury. At the oonseoratlon of monarohs in Franoe it has always been the custom to let loose white pigeons in the oburoh. In England this custom is faintly remembered in that of bearing the dove sceptre before a monarch at oonseoratlon. In Franoe, where these tradi tions possess the greatest intensity, there is still a feeling among, Imperialists that the Holy Ghost must pronounce in favour of each emperor who olaims to rule above hereditary kings. Whenever there 1B an inward appeal of this kind for a sign from heaven, the answer to it ia pretty sure to be reoeired-either by the artifioe of politicians, or through the potent vision of faith, whioh generally sees what it has a mind to. 