MISS VANDERCRIFT'S DIAMOND. V Concluded. No more was saicl at that time, but Max silently felt then that a black cloud was settling over his darling. A darkness that made itself felt. Vague illusions and hints, or a more marked avoidance of subjects that might have some bearing on the circumstances, gave him an uncomfortable feeling. He began by defending his love gallantly, by holding fast as he thought an un- concluded trust. But slowly as the stone is fretted away by the continual dropping of water, so surely did the home influences and belief influence him at last. He ' owned to himself that it was a mysterious thing ; that it could not be accounted for ; that to anyone who did not know Alice and her worth it looked black, — very black indeed ! For Alice Leroy was poor, living with her widowed mother in a tiny cottage on the very outskirts of the great city. Bringing letters to a few of the aristocratic families, they had been received, on the. claims they seemed to have to gentle birth and breeding, spite of their humble style of living. There was great surprise and a little mortification in the hearts of some of the patrician belles when it was known that Max Vander- grift, the catch of the season, had gone down before the pale, blue-eyed, slender girl, who had not an article in her wardrobe in the latest style. Of course there were various forms to be kept up, visits of congratulation which were a hollow mockery, whose empty words seemed to awaken derisive echoes. Alice felt the coldness of it all, and shivered in the new atmosphere. For a long time Alice strove to hide the truth that she was unwelcome, to satisfy herself that Max's heart was warm enough though all the world were cold, but there came a day when she deceived her self no longer ; Max, with his innate love of comforta ble things, ancl his impressionable nature, had begun to catch the infection of his family. The chill of suspicion had entered his heart. He began to feel uncomfortable in the girl's presence, and that fact was deadly to his love. She looked pale and anxious, and self-reproach was unpleasant, so he avoided her. At last there came a day, the first chill day of Autumn, when a red leaf or two drifted down to tell the story of coming decay and death, and Max was summoned by a little note to his neglected love. He began to count the weeks since he had seen her, and was conscience-smitten, and he com menced marshaling his excuses in a hurried way. But they all deserted him when he saw the girl's face. She was waiting for him with what heart-throbs of agony he could never know, neither was it in his nature to under stand. But her face was very white, .and there were dark shadows about her eyes, and not the faintest tint of the sweet, wild-rose bloom he had once loved in her cheek. " Why, Alice, have you been sick ?" he asked, with real feeling in his voice. " No, I don't think I am really sick," she answered, with a gentle pathos in her tone, " mamma believes I am, and is going to take me somewhere South." " Is not that rather a sudden decision ?" exclaimed Max, with surprise. " Yes, rather ! but it will be best every way. We have some friends in Virginia. And, Max, I may as well hurry on to the real object of my sending for you to-day. It was to say Good-bye, not for a little time, but for all time." " What does this mean ?" exclaimed Max, drawing himself up with a half injured expression. " You must have seen how unwelcome I am to your family," she went on ; " for some reason they make me feel that there is a great barrier between us. I have fancied a decided change since the day your sister lost the diamond. I suppose because on that day she first heard of the new relation you proposed, and did not approve." Max looked into the girl's pure face as she spoke, and wondered if she had the faintest suspicion of the true reason for the coldness. He decided that the eyes were innocent as an angel's ; but then that determined nothing. " I could not. I never could be happy in a family where I was admitted on suffrage. I should grow silent and more shy and miserable every day. Max, it is best since they feel as they do, and I am not sure even of you, that we should part now." Max was rather glad, he could be indignant now, although touched more than he realised at the thought of losing her. " Alice— not sure of me — what does that mean." " Do you think you are quite the same," she said, lifting her blue eyes with a shy look, half sorrow, half reproach, " quite so anxious to come — quite so sorry to go? Am I so mistaken? Were you not rather mis taken in taking a passing fancy for a steadfast love ?" Something within the young man's breast pleaded guilty to the charge, but he was not brave enough to confess. Besides, the girl's sweet face and tender voice had awakened for a time the old thrill in his heart, and he said, with more feeling : " Alice, forgive me ! I have seemed negligent — for- get it, let all be as it was. I cannot give you up," and he took her hand tenderly. Alice sighed, and left her hand in liis, but the stead fast purpose in her eyes did not waver. " It is for good-bye, Max," she said, with a wistful pathos in her voice, " let us get it over"' " Alice ! I did not think it was in you to be so hard," cried the young man, quite roused by the prospect of losing her into believing that she was the one thing desirable in the world. " Since it must be, I cannot prolong it," she said, growing paler ; " Max, I am not very strong, you see ; there — Good-bye. May God bless you 1" And the next moment he stood alone. She had left him to find his own way out, left liim in truth to hide from him the storm of sobs that convulsed her breast, that last look through such tears as flow but once in a life, that one blind cry of passion and of pain which — " Like bitter accusation unto death, Caught up the whole of love, and uttered it And hade adieu for ever 1" A year passed away — only a season of frost and sleigh-rides — of bursting buds — of summery bloom — of ripened sheaves to some, but freighted with how much more to others. To Cissy it had brought the fairy prince ; and she wore a solitaire even larger than the one she had lost, and was soon to be married. To Max it had brought only bitter memories of a sweet face and a tender voice, and he grew cynical and ill-humoured as the preparations for the wed cling went on. To Master Fred it had brought increase of stature and of slang ; but lie was very happy in the bustle and the prepara tion, for the old house was to be renovated and put in bridal array. Grand, cold, and stately as a Dowager Queen it was ; but it must lay aside the formal dress of the past, and don something more in keeping with the bright life of to-day. So there were rich and glowing- papers put cm the walls, and delicately-shaded paint, and gilded chandeliers hung, and the old mantle-pieces, which seemed always shrugging their high shoulders at the innovations, were taken down. Fred was in high favour with the workmen, and took in his whole army of puppets to perform a play for them. The boss- rnason was elegant in his conversation, and even bor rowed a French word now and then, pronounced in primitive style. Fred introduced his various puppets : " This fellow in a black dress is a priest, ancl here's my beautiful young lady, and here's the devil — he's a French devil." " Oh, he's quite re-churcliy," saicl the boss-mason. " Bedad ! the oulcl gintleman's as black as he's painted," criecl another, grinning. Cissy glanced in at this moment. " Oh, does it look as if it ever could be in order by the 25th, mamma ?" she cried, in dismay. " Freddy, you naughty boy, what are you doing in all this dust ?" " Oh, now, you go away ; by-and-bye you'll have another fellow to order round," exclaimed Freddy, in an injured tone. " I assure you, madaine," said the elegant boss- mason, "that we shall soon clear away the 1 debray ' when the now mantle is erected." "Ho, lio, what a pit !" criecl Fred, looking down. " Good gracious ! you pulled that old mantlepiece out like a tooth. Wonder if it hurt ?" Ancl in his wonder Fred allowed the old battered devil ho held in his hand to fall head first into what the boss-mason styled the " debray." He set up a howl at once, for his affections still clung to the evil one, ancl he had recently made it a suit of flame-coloured flannel. The boss-mason gallantly rescued the fallen fiend. " Hullo !" he criecl, as he picked it up. " What is this ?" What was it, indeed ! A ring — a diamond ring ! A grand solitaire, that sparkled ancl throbbed with a soul of fire. Cissy gasped as she saw it, ancl could not speak. Mrs. Vandergrift came forward. " Your ring, my dear ! It must have rolled down in the crack of that old mantlepiece, between it ancl the Avail ; but I never dreamed that it was large enough." " We find odd things in these old houses," saicl the boss-mason. " Found a will the other clay behind just such an old mantlepiece as this." " Oh, mamma !" exclaimed Cissy, with a sob, " think how cruel we were, how unjust. Poor Alice ! I can never forgive myself ! And Max — he is not like the same fellow." "No, lie is sadly changed," said the mother, with dim eyes ; " and the poor girl is gone — we can never make amends." " But Max thought otherwise. In a storm of sell- reproach he set out at once for the Virginian towii where lie heard the mother ancl daughter had finally made their home. He had not quite lost sight of them, but nothing had come to him for a long time. It was night when he reached the spot — a murky night of fog and mist. The lights in the houses twin kled feebly through the vaporous air — the distance was all blotted out as with a wet sponge. But lie found the house at last, and noted that its lights still burned. Indeed there seemed unusual stir ancl bustle in its rooms, and he heard the tread of feet on the stairs. A decent person in black answered his knock. " Miss Alice Leroy !" slie said, with a puzzled look. "Lor' sir ! the poor lamb has just breathed her last ; been in a decline for six months, and went off as quiet as an angel, which she was, five minutes ago." Max staggered against the doorway. Dead ! Then he was a murderer, for he felt sure in his inmost heart that grief rather than disease had preyed upon that gentle life. (Sensitive as a flower, a breath of suspicion had blasted her, and she had faded away. " If you'd come to-morrow," saicl the woman, " you might see her, and her mother I know is too much overcome to be able now for visitors." " Oh, no, no ! I would not disturb her for the world ! It is no use. It is too late — too late !" And he turned away feeling as though the bitterness of death had entered liis heart. Fever again could it beat with the old free, careless happiness. For there was a ghost there that would not be laid, It turned the decorated viands of the wedding-feast to funeral meats ; it sat at his board like sorrow, dim ancl crowned for many a year. " It was all that devil," saicl Cissy, with tears in her eyes on her very wedding-day. " Aunt Nar, you must see it, and that you were the cause of the whole. For, if that fiend had never entered the house, Fred would not have set himself on fire ; I should not have rushed up from Alice in that luckless way. Nothing would have happened that did happen. Poor, sweet Alice ! What wretches Ave were !" 