fukst fPeius. THE GAWLEB STRIKE.—A meeting of the Port Adelaide Pioneers' Strike Committee was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, St. Vincent-street, on Saturday night, March 8, Two strike men brought a report, showing how the funds had been disposed at Gawler. The boys on strike were now at school. The delegates were urged to be firm in upholding their principles, as the Poit men would aid them to the utmost for what they considered right. A further sum of £50 was to be sent to Gawler that week, CEICKET.—The match between the Norwoods and South Australians, which was arranged to be played on the Oval on Saturday, did not come off, to the disappointment of a great number of people. The most annoying feature of the whole business, however, was the fact that the South Australians did not inform the Norwoods till after noon that they were not prepared to meet them. In the report of the match, North Adelaide v. South Adelaide, published in this morning's Register, the bowling analysis of the North Adelaides was accidentally omitted. THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.—Communication on the Port Darwin line is interrupted beyond Daly "Waters. BITER NEWS.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Monday, March 10:—Murrumbidgee— Balranald,2 ft. 8 in., rising. Darling—Walgett, Naomi, 19 ft.; Walgett, Barwon, 9 ft.; Brewarrina, 7 ft. 6 in.; Bourke, 10 ft. 6 in., rising; Wilcannia, 5 ft., rising fast; Menindie, 4 in, rising; Wentwortb, 2 ft. 3 in., rising; Louth, 5 ft. 6 in., rising. Murray—Boston, 4 ft. 10 in.; Overland Corner, 5 in. PUBLIC MEETING.—A public meeting will be held in the Town Sail this evening, for the consideration of the question of lengthening the hours ef labour as lately attempted in Gawler, LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION.—The half-yearly meeting of this Association will be held this evening at the Sm John Barleycorn Hotel. BUBGLABT AT SAXISBUET.—No little stir was created in the township of Salisbury on Saturday March 8, by the intelligence that a burglar had been caught during the night in Ebbs and Judd's store, the proprieton of which live at some little distance frcm their place of basfness. The offender, who proved to be well known in the neighbourhood, was safely lodged in the police cell, and the case was heard before Messrs. J. Harvey and R. Verco, J.P.'s, when the prisoner was committed to the Supreme Court. It appears that Mr. Lipson, of the Telegraph Office, on his way home at absut 10.30 p.m., passing the store heard a noise as of glass breaking. He immediately obtained the assistance of Richard Loades and John Lundie, and two of them watched the premises while the other went for Messrs. Ebbs & Judd. Upon their arrival they entered the place by the back and found the prisoner, Patrick Mulvehill, crouching under a showcase in the shop. The thief had entered through the front window, and the only things he had found time to appropriate were a purse from the showcase and a few shillings worth of small change from the till, which were found upon him by Policetrooper Bushell. WHITE'S ROOMS.—The "Mammoth Minstrels" must have been well satisfied with the crowded audience which was to be seen at White's Rooms on Saturday night, March 8. There was a change of programme, and although in one or two portions of the bill the entertainment was somewhat monotonous the change was as a whole a very good one, and the various items were received with applause or with roars of laughter accord* ing to whether the production was sentimental or comic. The first part, besides containing some songs in which, the voices of Messrs. Braham, Amery, Reid, and Hawkins were heard to advantage, wound up with a sketch called " Cheofluri," which is the most outrageous burlesque of the class that we have seen. Messrs. Cheevers and Kennedy did not make a " change" in their contribution, bnt the production of " Uncle Eph's Visit," The Babes in the Wood," and "The Pneumatic Eradicator" was new as far as the present season is concerned. All of these pieces are of the usual absurd type. Mr. Vernon Reid sang " My pretty Jane" and Mr. Hawkins "Sing, birdie, sing" in the interval between the "sketches," both performances, but especially the latter, going down well with the audience. The corner-men as usual were very entertaining. The bill will be repeated this evening. THE KELLY TBACKEBS.—By thes.s. Alexandra, from Brisbane (says the Sydney Evening Neics of March 4), Sub-Inspector Stanhope O'Connor, of the Queensland Native Police Farce, and twelve black troopers arrived. Their destination is the border country, their determination being to, if possible, capture the Kelly gang. Mr. O'Connor is one of the most experienced officers in the Queensland Native Force, and has always been selected for dangerous duty in that colony from his known judgment and activity. The meB he has brought with liim are some of the pick of the force, are well aocustomed to the most dangerous bush coontty in Australia, are all expert trackers, , and most of them have seen acttoe aerrice under Mr. O'Connor. They will be dispatched with all .possible haste to the hatmtB of the-gang, and their future movements will be left to the judgment of the officer in charge. Owing to some unaccountable circumstances Mr. CConnor and his " boys" did f . not « leave to-day, but will do so to-morrow morning, I direct to the supposed - lecale - - -of- the Kelly - gang. n g j OPENING OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS.—Hi^ Excellency Sir William Jervois has consented to open the new Government sehool at Goolwa to-day. The new Government school at Uraidla is to be opened on March 19. THE LATE MR. JOHN BULLOCK.—Our obituary notices to-day record the death of Mr. John Bullock, of Franklin-street, at the age of sixty five years. Mr. Bullock, although not one of the earliest arrivals, was an old colonist. He was one of the early shareholders in the Burra Mine, and was at one time a Director of the Company. For many years he has acted as the agent for absentee colonists and as the representative of various large estates. He leaves a widow, son, and two married daughters. The funeral will take place at the West-terrace Cemetery this afternoon. BDXE MATCH AT FBEHLING.—The all-comers rifle match took place at Freeling on Wednesday and Thursday last and was very successful. There were thirty entries, and no less than twenty-seven competed. The first aggregate prize (£5) was secured by Mr. J. C. Lawson, of Blyth, with 83 points; second prize (£4), Mr. W. Smith, of Smithfield, 80 points; third prize (£3), Mr. W. Coker, of Salisbury, 79 points; fourth prize (£2), Captain C. C. Ford, of Freeling, 77 points; fifth prize (£1), Mr. T. Barnfield, of Templers, 75 points. Distance Prizes.—200 yds.— 1st (£1), R. Easterbrook, 21 points; 2nd (15s.) S. Richies, 18 points. 300 yds.—1st (£1), R. Robertson, 20 points; 2nd (15s ), J. Roberts, 17 points. 400 yds.—1st (electro teapot), J. Newman, 19 points; 2nd (gold pin), Mr. McCdllum, 19 points. 500 yds.—1st c£l), A. Ferguson, 19 points; 2nd (15s.), A. Johnston, 16 points, 600 yds.—1st (£1), John Lawson, 18 points 2nd (15s.), Jos. Lawson, 16 points. The distances were 200, 300, 400, 500, and 600 yds five shots at each range. PUBLIC MEETING AT TEATEEE GUILT.—On Saturday night, March 8, a public meeting was held at Teatree Gully for the purpose of taking steps to have the water laid on to the township and neighbourhood. There was a large attendance, and a resolution was passed appointing a deputation to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works and request him to take steps to have placed on the Estimates for 1879 a sum sufficient to provide for the water being laid on to the Gully and as far as Modbury. FAREWELL TO THE RIGHT REV. Dn. REYNOLDS —About 100 members of the Hibernian Aug tralasian Catholic Benefit Society, and a large number of the friends of the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop, assembled at St. Patrick's Church, on Sunday evening, March 9, and presented him with a farewell address on the occasion of his projected departure for Rome. The Bishop in his reply expressed his sense of the loyalty to the Church and the general worth of the members of the Society, and intimated that on his arrival in Rome he would take care to make known to the Pope the truly Catholic sentiments of his flock. At the close of his address he distributed sou venirs amongst many of the persons present and bade them farewell. THE ECHUCA BRIDGE DIFFICULTY. — The Argus of March 6 says:—" Telegrams are still passing between the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales with regard to the Echnca Bridge, but as yet no decision as to future arrangements has been arrived at. In the meantime the public is using the bridge, but as the authorities say ' at their own risk and peril in case of accident.' In the Sydney Legislative Assembly yesterday, Sir Henry Parkes intimated that the regulations under which the bridge could be opened for traffic required careful consideration, and that he had urged upon the Victorian Government the necessity of combined action to enforce the law by closing the bridge against the public until the regulations are framed. Mr. Lalor, who is now in Sydney, is reported to have telegrapbed his adherence to the views of Sir Henry Parkes. An exaggerated account having been published of the proceedings of the Echuca people who forced open the bridge across the Murray, a correspondent writes to say that the slip panels were not broken, but quietly placed alongside the fence unharmed. The lock at the gate, he states, was a one-and-sixpenny padlock, and hardly anything could damage it. With regard to breaking the iron barriers there were no barriers to break." SHOW ME THE SPIKES.—There still remain (remarks " Atticus") some specimens of brave old "salts" with the full flavour about them of the days of Codrington and Nelson. The Com' missioners of the Harbour Trust and several guests proceeded down the Bay in the steamer Warhawk to welcome the Marquis or Normanby on his arrival in Victoria, and having some time to spare a visit was paid to Her Majesty's ship Danae. They weie conducted over the ship, and one of the guests, the Mayor of a suburbau borough, after inspecting the guns, asked an assistant gunner, who was acting as cicerone, to show him the spikes. The gunner, all at sea, scratched his head, and ultimately produced a cutlass for inspection. " Oh," said the enquiring municipal dignitary, " I don't mean that, I mean things with which the canon are rendered useless when in danger of being captured by an enemy." " Why," came the reply, coincident with the conventional hitch of tne trousers and roll of the quid from the left cheek to the right, " I cant do that, for the British sailor never spikes his guns." TEE MINISTEE OF EDUCATION.—It will be within the recollection of our readers that the Hon. T. King about a month ago undertook a journey to Lyndoch, Tanunda, Angaston, and adjacent townships, to examine into their local wants in reference to educational matters. Since his return, the facts having been laid before his colleagues, the following results have been arrived at:—The site of the new Government school at Lyndoch has been fixed, and tenders will shortly be called for the work. In reference to the request, made to the Minister by a deputation which waited on him at Lyndoch, for a telegraph line connecting that township with Williamstown, the Government will place a snm on the Estimates fur the work. The repairs and alterations to the schoolhouse at Rowlands Flat, as suggested by the teacher are being carried out. Negotiations are in progress for completing the purchase of a piece of land at Tanunda required to allow of additional accommodation and enlargement of the_ school premises. At Nuriootpa, also, additional accommodation is to be provided. The plans for the school buildings at the two last-named townships are being prepared in the office of the Architect-in-Ctief. A site for the Post and Telegraph Office at Nuriootpa has been offered at a certain price, and the matter is now under consideration. At Greenock, where a slight dispute arose amongst the residents as to the best site for the Post and Telegraph Offices, it has been decided to leave the settlement of the question to Mr. Todd, C.M.G. The site of the Post-Office at Angaston is expected to be fixed at an early date. This completes the list of questions brought before the Minister of Education during his short North-Eastern tour, and they appear to have been all satisfactorily dealt with. A GHOST STOET.—The following strange affair is reported from MacDonnell Bay in the South- Eastern Star of March 7 :—" An extraordinary supernatural occurrence which is said to have taken place on the coast between here and Rivoli Bay is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Carrison have been at work for snme little time obtaining oil frem the whale which was stranded on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity and did not return to their tent till after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Carrison was loading his gun for a last shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in the direction from whence the sound proceeded he observed what appeared to be a man of rather unusually tall stature making towards him. Carrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object, and it appeared so weird and unearthly that his blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On it came, and as it approached yelled again. Carrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight and left no traoe behind. At the same instant Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from his ^brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having his gun loaded and capped at the time, fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot, and melted into thin air. The people here-believe the ghost or ghosts are those of some person or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen." TEE SOUTH-EAST.—From several stations (states the £order Watch) we hear reports of stock suffering severely from want of feed and water; and there is no doubt if zain does not comesoon the kisses, will be very heavy. Already shegp axe dying in considerable numbers, and in some cases the waterholes are getting blocked np with their dead -carcases. Fanners, too, are complaining of scant feed, and their big haystacks are sot likely to prove any too big by the time spring comes. i t i 