CASQUE & COWL. A Tale of the French Revolution. By the author of ' The lily and the Rose, or .the Fruit of that Forbidden Tree ' Amateurs and Artists,' ''Homeless and Friendless ' New Year's ; Chimes,'. &o.; . CHAPTER XVIII. O UT OF THE DEEV. I' The mind is its own peace." "When the door was, closed on him and every bar and bolt securely drawn, the Prior stood some moments as . they had left him, listening to the' departing ; footsteps till they died away in the distance and were succeeded by an awful death-like silence ; then ho turned away slowly and Beated himself on the pallet, and thought no more about them. They might control his movements and bind and fetter his limbs, but but that magnificent mind was free to roam the universe as it would ; no man could bind it, — it was free to penetrate the ocean's depths, to range the earth at pleasure, to soar beyond the stars and commune with the sons of light, to traverse the paths of the misty past, or ou fancy's wing to spring forward to the unseen future. He mused a little on his companion in suffering, and committed; him to the' keeping of the one who seeth in darkness, and then with his per secutors passed away all consciousness of his surroundings ; the prison cell sank away, and Sound him rose, scenes from the long, long, by- . gone. The world in which he had lived in early years ; the stately avenues and woods and lawns he had once been hcir-to, : old familiar faces tnd long-forgotten voices came iarouhd him, and hp no longer ' forbade them, ' butV yielding to; their . spell mingled once' more among them. . : And in that first hour, of. captivity and dark ness, rose up.before him the fair false face of her who had undone his life ; the pale sweet face crowned by. its. wealth; of ishining bronze-like . hair, the rose- leaf tincture of her perfect mouth, the deep blue eyes shaded by golden lashes that i beamed so softly once upon him, the fascination and the wiles that , had befooled his earnest . soul; till that one terrible day. which had broken up his life, and he had found the trial of the serpent within tho Eden , he had thought all his own, and his fancied , garden of roses but the Hitting mirage painted on desert sands. And she. who had held and crashed his heart, taken the colour from his life,, the, sunshine from his little day, had ultimately brought him tothisdun- geon, chain, aud cell. Yet then as now he stooped not to upbraid, no word he sent to reproach her with her falseness. He could not look 'with altered, feelings on the face he once deemed the mirror of his own faithfulness and truth, and tell her, whom he had set so high, she had . fallen, fallen from her high estate. He left her there, and passed from out her life for ever ; and through the long, long years no word had ever broken, the eternal silence which reigned between them. Did she suffer ? He knew she must suffor to the last in vain repentance and regrets for that. lost affection and esteem, the jewel she had bartered for a bauble ; like Eve of old, she had refused the;, good and . chosen evil, . . For: him, , he - stamped her out from his life and from his heart ; in that first dark hour of wretched chaos, when his life was broken up . and the water-floods had gone over his soul, he . had crushed down every remembrance of her, for to thiuk. of her was sorrow, and .weakness and , dishonour, v He crushed it all down beneath the ,, weight of. his iron will, and. rolled ,.a great stone ' upon it ; in after years . when he had disciplined ' his. mind in" his, other, life, when; he had long , since , done with . the world ; aud its feverish fantasies and,.' dreams, and ; the things of earth were but as, shells and baubles compared with the ocean of eternity; he had dug up his love and; found Ttrdead, had given it absolution for all .the'' grief that it had wrought, 'given it. bene diction and a Christian burial,., and from .that ; time forth had gone on his way in peace. And how' after many' years when this ghost arose up . : before hiiri, he , feared not to look it in the ' face;' for ,. he and it were long at peace and '.'nothing 'could disturb the indifference and calm which had grown around his soul. Sorrow with ' him' had done its perfect' work ; and now he could bless ' that shock which;;had. turned the current of his life into " another though more ; tortuousj-'ichannel, J and , led .him to ' higher paths ,- and - more profitable pursuits,, and so he dismissed' it from his mind for ever. He knelt as usual, at his earnest devotions; ..and-. pleaded. more for others than, himself ; he; . remembered -his' 'fellow- sufferer in the' cause of Christ, those, who had shown him kindness iu his hour of trial, the, members of his . flock "'scattered to strange shepherds, nor did he forget the traitrir Sigismond, nor those who in mistaken zeal for God had injured him. "" And then he lay down as he ever did, ' clasping his little crucifix . to his; breast and -.committing - his' soul ,,to,- God; . and ; slept the, most peaceful sleep ,. within the . convent walls that night; , Day. , succeeded night and night day, in the upper world, but darkness reigned ever below , iu those dismal dungeons where the martyrs were;iinihufed far from the light of heaven and ",'the free fresh' air,.; "The chant of the rivulet',, the song of the bird, /the /whisper ,of the suuimer leaves were like, some liappy dream and un attainable. reaH%/,': -No./ sound: broke the awful , stillness, "ho human voice echoed .'through those melancholy arches... .They sat alone near chough 'to shareKthe. same, " sufferings, ' but 'two far ,to -afford conifort , 'oj sympathy to each other. Occasionally the lamp; was renewed and some food piushed within the' door ; once or twice a ' bunch v of -grapes" or 'handful of Jolives; and . \- chesnuts were stealthily added, and occasionally; 'oibutnot- often; a -little wine. 'And so the weary never'-endihg night,' 'unbroken by day or week or otheri marks of time, wore 'on, till life seemed a , (blank, ; existence- a ; dreary void, v; One great v.Lrelief the Prior-had ;- waking ..up i,from sleep he "vfound. writing materials beside , him and a few lines penned in. an.unknown hand, . telling , him v he .might write freely, . but to .conceal liis MSS. in' some hole ororevice j' from that 'time forth ''existence was1 endurable; .for.' as' oftenAs he came to an . end with ; his materials , he f oiiiid a frosh supplyprovided.' , : 'V !///' /////;/ ' '; , It miglit'be day or it might be, niglit in the world above, below, it was ' only ;;,some', hour of that interminable never varying night, when the grating sound of the door aroused the Prior ; the lamp was burning low and dim, but in the dickering uncertain light ho recognised the well-known form of his beloved Raimond, and rose joyfully with outstretched arms to greet him. The two men gazed long and anxiously at each other in the feeble uncertain light, dimly discerning the ravages suffering and imprison ment had wrought. Like two caged eagles they drooped and pined deprived of their wonted freedom, and a keen pang shot to the heart of each as he noticed the change in. the other. "My son, they have fettered thee !" exclaimed the Prior, touching the chains on Baimond's wrists. " Yes, father ; it was the sentence at my last examination," " Hast thou been had up again, then?" aBked the Prior with some surprise. - "Yes, father, several times ; they have not, it seems, such a good opinion of my steadfast ness as they have of thine." ... He did not say that, at tho lost examination extreme measures had been resorted to, in . order to force from him the names of ' those brothers most affected by the new doctrines, and "that severer trials awaited him if he did not yield at the next inquiry. The Prior looked long and earnestly at him, and then taking up the beautiful sinewy hands, so helplessly laden, he examined the' indentures the fetters .were already making in; his wrists, and bowing his head, in homage; pressed. his lips reverently on each as he would " have kissed some sacred relic. . " "My son," ho said, "rejoice greatly, for thou bearest in thy body the marks of the Lord Jesus." ' ' .''//' There was a long pause, and then tho Prior asked how he :had obtained the grace of that meeting. .//-'- 1 y v.-/ - / "By one thou little deem est," replied the younger monk. ; "One who hath' drawn on him self the public opprobrium of our brethren, that he might " favour us in secrot ; Brother Sigismond, lie hath much ' befriended me, though he hath been disappointed that lie could not do more. ' He askeththy pardon for seeming to injuro thee. 'Twos a sudden thought done on the idea of a moment, but hitherto wc havo not profited much thereby." , . "Ho needeth not my forgiveness," said the Prior. "I never cherished aught but pity for .him. I fear he hath mistaken his. calling, and is bringing no blessing on. himself or others." "Thou wilt not refuse to see him. father," pleaded Raimond. "Ishould like to see him rather," returned the Prior. " Is he near?" Raimond had no need to summon one who had heard all the conversation; and ' came forward with a certain . hesitation very different .from his usual manner. Ho bowed respectfully -.before' his Superior, - and, then spoke rapidly and earnestly, ;.> f.'; ' , - . : : . . " I. shall riot, lose, our, precious time by apolo gising to thee; reverend father. I had an object in my conduct. . I did evil that ) good might come., I saw - thy, ruin was detormmed on. I wished to, save thee., , NowAll is clear, and this night thou canst put many a league between thee and thine enemies' ; perhaps gain some place of safety. I am well 'acquainted with the secret passage, and can guidei'thee to the" light if thou Wilt follow me." - The Prior s 'it for Some minutes lost'in silence, so long indeed -they thought he had -forgotten them, but he looked up at last and at Baimond, "My.son"," hesaid, " when thou we rt in that last great battle wherein they. say. thou gottcst such renown . by snatching the royal standard from its fallen bearer, when death arid danger raged around, tell me, didst tliou seek safety for thyself in flight?" "I, father ! Who accuseth nio of . such cowardly act ? I fought on. to the last and joined in-pursuing: the flying enemy, A knight of France to flee from/danger !,. Never." "Neither cau I,- my. son," returned the Prior quietly, "I cannot desert the post of danger any more than thou didst, good .kuight and true; as we know thou wert. No, my sons, my place , is here,: and I >vill not seek to. change, it. . What .have ,1 to do with-tlio outside' world, it is all changed to me. This is /the portion.' appointed for . me, arid .IV must maintain the -, holy cause were it merely; for the sake of the poor; souls above us." ' I Long and . earnestly , both young men pleaded -even with tears that he would yield, 'and ' fly .frpm'the.certain death' that a waited himl,' but he would not be persuaded; V; - ' , "-What !" lie said, " would' ye' have me put away, themartyr's crown if niy .God is pleased "to exalt .:me so? ; rGreat .',hbn'our ; 'it is /whether wrought by. , fire'.'or/",sy?prct' , Ye should.'. pray rather thatl-maybeupholden. I am no longer young, '.J I' shall soon.' be , 'old, ; but thou, son .Baimond, hast . thy work yet . to do; ; the world jlieth', .before thee. Go thou my son, 'tis, thy duty ; deoline not tlie pi'ofrerred freedom, only as far.as in;theeTieth .remember thy vows"' ' i .. But Raimond would not' hear of such de sertion ; ' hard, as ' it was to disregard; the commands . enjoined upon- him, ; he would riot eon8ent ;to Jeave. his- friond ; not all his .Superior's i ' erifr eaties , or . exhortations." ooiild shnkb 'rhis " resolution; to, share his .trial' to r the lasfc. , The 'meeting was protracted .as far "as Ippssibie, and-then tearful of discovery; Sigismond 'hiirried 'Raimond hack to his cell, where he was obliged to secure him after vainly renewing his .offers of liberty. CHAPTER XIX. -. '"THE ROYAI, CHRISM. ! ," 'Sleep soft, beloved,' we. sometimes say,-, : - \- r..ilWlio have-no tune to charm'away. .- Sad droams that to .the eyelids creep ; .-'But never, doleful dream again > - - ' ; , Shall break -the: happy, slumber, when v .He si veth his. beloved sleep." . : : , / , v — jE7. B.: Browning. ' The , hours' never seemed so interminable and te'dious to the younger prisoner as those succeed ing 'his 'interview with- the Prior; he-brooded over the" hints that Sigismond had given of the dark' fate Awaiting both', arid. he felt much for hii: friend.' '.'J Fbr. himself it did riot; so much matter ; he had ' faced ra thousand deaths arid had no' thought ;of "fear, but he riould.not help feelirig'it'was a different thing when it. came in 'the.ba.ttle-field,than'iri'a''cold-blbo'ded deliberate execution, andi his, whole soul 'revolted, at the thought of being , seized as a . riialefa'ctor. and killed off by some coiripiilsory death like a dog. Yet he remembered one who had- endured such; shame for him, He the Great Ruler and .Master of all, and he bowed his head submissively, though he could not endure the thought of his beloved Master undergoing such pain and humiliation. Long he pondered over his strange position ; he had fled from the terrible struggle between good and evil which had assailed him in the world, and the strife had pursued and overtaken him even inside the convent's peaceful walls ; his adversaries had developed from invisible into tangible realities, creatures of human kind, whom he had often met sword to sword with on equal vantage ground, but now the strife was physically unequal ; he was powerless, one at the mercy of the many, and yet he could and would be victor; he would hold out to the bitter end, and if he fell himself his cause must ultimately conquer. It was a royal chrism, the baptism of death and martyrdom. He rose up in the midnight darkneBS and prayed that he might be found worthy of it ; and through the silent gloom, gliding on unseen wings, came angel messengers bearing a gift to each. To him they brought tho strange sweet memory of a vanished hour, for presently ho heard the summer rustling of waving trees, the liquid murmur of a fern- fririged brook, the dreamy hum of bees, and the song of happy birds, and all the sweet voices of the summer woods. Sleep fell upon ', his- heavy, lids, — sleep), haunted by dim visions of rushing horsemen, and the trumpet and clarion notes, aud gleam of spears and falchions, and waving banners, till he was roused by the low grating souud of the dungeon door. They had coirie for him at last ; no, it was only Sigisnriorid again with an eager and anxious face in which terror and remorse wero blended Ho spoke quick arid low, almost hissing out his words in liis impetuosity.' " Arise,- tliou inust and fly, " he exclaimed, "if only in .consideration for. me ; I. but showed therri these dungeons to assist thee to escape, and now they will make lhem a cover for their dark and cruel deeds ; thy death is resolved : on, they will brick thee up alive without giving thee opportunity to proclain thy' cause. - Thou wilt die here in secret and alone, and what will the world know of thee or it? The Prior— ah ! let us come at once and speak to him. Disturb him didst thou say ? Nay, rather let us give to him another warning ; I have a file to loose thy .fetters."- , i.--.. Baimond rose, aud Sigisinond laying, his hand on his ' arm hurried - him along the narrow passage till they came to the other door. He opened it softly and entered. The Prior lay quietly on his pallet; his crucifix clasped upori his breast ; but there - was "somothing in his solemn air that made tbem tread softly as ill the presence of a king, arid so they'did, the royal chrism was on his brow. 1 Death had set him free and' Victorious. over all his foes. : They stood aghast ; he had past beyond their reach. So near they could touch him with their human hands, " and yet- so far, no cry sent shivering against the distant stars could reach liim- more. ' 11 ' " Safe from all word; of praise or blame, most true, most 'noble, and most perfect; Done to death : by cruel wrong and - 1— I— 1 1 helped to break his heart !" It was' the- cold dark Sigismond who spoke those'; passionate words, but -Baimond- knelt silently beside the dead. He; sighed- no sigh, h e moarieel ; rio moan; hp wrestled silently in his unutterable' sorrow.- " I can never leave him now," he said at last, as he rose and stood with calmly folded amis upon his breast." ' ;" Nhy," said Sigismond eagerly, " thou must for his sake, "in obedience" to his last command. Thou hast a work to do for hiin, thou must go "into the world and fling .these winged words of his into'the four winds of heaven, that they may testify, against those who did liim wrong." , , Whereupon Sigismond withdrew tho loosened stone and .drew; out parchment after parchment of closely-written - pages, — commentaries, re flections, prayers, _ meditations, magnificent orations, and an epistolary stylo of document addressed to Raimond himself and to the person who should find the papers ; entreating thein to compare -them with the Divine; Word, and if judged worthy to make them known to the world. ' ; It was a legacy; an inalienable heritage. Raimond grasped the papers and glanced hastily over the opening lines of - the letter, then made a sign to Sigismond to leave him. alone with his friend. ; ' Sigismond stole - out and seated hiriiself ori a step where : he waited hours as it', seemed to hirn before Brother Ambrose came forth, and then there was a look of such iucoriimunicablb woe upon his face, the other 'turned "arid led the way silently in respeot 'for the sacred lovo in which he had 110 part. He brought him up those stairs' down which they two had come together— up till they could faintly hear tho chanting of the monks in the chapel overhead it . was ; such a strange .'and familiar :SOund, it went to Raimond s soul, bring ing past scenes again, before. -him of. peaceful vespers and happy summer eves, ' of . mornings .spent ; in !. quiet readings, arid; evening gatherings , round the convent door ; all grouped around- that one grand figure that moved like sainted; king amoug them- - all, wielding - their hearts like that of one-mau by the spell of his wonderful, power; It all came on him,: but lie had no .time to -finish .out his thought, for Sigismond opened; 'a door concealed most skilfully at;the top of the steps which revealed another flight ; and anxious, leBt his prolonged absence- should be discovered; he gave 'his eompanion a lamp arid bade:him con tinue on straight- to the very end,, when he would find himself .in the : open air.: and could easily effect his escape ; then shutting and fastening ' the; door, Le left 'liim iri the riarrow noisome passage to make ' his;i way :alorie.' It seemed . miles iri length ; Raimond' thouglit it ' interminable and; sometimes felt as if hei wcre in a dream or nightmare; " : Se verartimes:he'farieied he heard; the . sound of ' steps iii pursuit and 'paused 't6;1isteu';!. it ' was only ;th'o echo' of liis own ' footsteps, ; or tlie.'coutiuuar drip from the damp rook'pverhead.' . There' was' no regularity in the eoriatruotiori of the 'passage. ' At times' it narrowecVso that he almost tonohed the' rugged walls on .either ' side, again it widened into a draughty chamber where; he paused' to- repose. Soinetimes' the "rooks projected overhead till he had to bend half his height to pasri under, and sometimes he could see the glittering eyes of toads and serpents shining in the darkness, or - hear them glide swiftly away when startled by the torch. :...The p_ath too would ascend at times so much that iu his exhausted state he found it very laborious to push his way, and again it .would, descend, with such sudden precipitation . he feared it was about to end in a well or pitfall. At last the gallery taking one of these sudden descents lie was forced into a run, and his foot coming in contact with a stone he fell ; striking his head against the roek, he became insensible, extinguishing his light in tlie fall. It was some time before he recovered his senses sufficiently to - roalise his situation ; at first lie could only struggle up into: a sitting posture, and strive to collect his shattered thoughts ; vexed, perplexed, and bewildered, . worn down by severe bodily and mental suffer ing, hungry, faint, and weary, lie felt as if he must submit to fate ; his lauap too had gone out, and ho had lost the means of lightening it, and he had no idea which direction he should take. . Suppose he mistook and found himself after hours of toilsome groping in the dark, back at the door whence ho set out, or suppose he? should miBS his way iu tho darkness, . and turn into some other passage; or even. 'if arrived ait the right end, find his progress barred by a door of which he could not find , the; fastening without his light? Iri. other days Raimond the knight would have invoked Mary -and all the saints in the calendar who happened at the moment to be out of employment to- assist him in his difficulty, but Ambrose the monk did-, otherwise ; , ho drew out his . little .crucifix aud kissed it, and cried "unto -Him who - had hungered and thirsted, and suffered /and. mourned, and died for man,— Him whom he:felt to bo still a man endowed witli human sympathy and feeling, combined with the prescience and omnipotence of God. : . "0 blessed One;" ho cried, , " assist -.line in- the hour of my need. Thou who didst send thine angel to thy servant Daniel, and the- ravens to feed-Elijah, vouching to deliver me if' it be thy holy; will ; if not, receive my spirit ;, not my will,: but thine be done." ; He raised; his head from his hands, and his- eyes becoming accustomed to the darkness, he caught the -faint glimmor of light in the far distance ; so' far away it seemed like a piii hole, but it served to revive his courage, and to nerve- him to fresh exertions ; be groped his way towards it, Btill desceriding'rapidly.1 ":Th'e: light increased "as he advanced, and at ' last lie felt a breath of air on his brow; the passago'grew larger as he proceeded, and expanded' into a. great cave, with a narrow opening, shut;in by shrubs and rank grasses, which alinost excluded the light '; and' as he emerged into fresh air,' he caught the sound of running water,1 arid knew- he must'be at some distance from the convent. ; Ho pushed aside the lnurols, and with some - difficulty made his way out, and found himself on the outskirts of a wood, skirting the batik of what appeared at this point to be a considerable river, which here ran into tho bank arid formed a sort of miniature creek. The- place - was. silent and deserted, the day just beginning to- break, the sleepy chirp of early birds had just commenced. All /around looked grey and. hopeless.1 As he pondered on the course he had better'pursue, lie was started by a rustling iu the neighbouring branches, which overhung the- river. Could . it be they had anticipated him, aud cut off his escape?- -Before he had time to conceal himself, the figure of a - man emerged from linderi the evergreens, hauling a boat. He- stopped. short; iu evident astonishment at the sudden.apparition '-of a monk in such a lonely spot. They surveyed each other in mutual surprise ;' the man was not calculated to excite- -Raimond's suspicions ; he was a waterman in appearance, dressed after the fashion of those- times, with' a red cap of Caftan. As for Raiinorid, his appearance was sufficient to startle auy one, but especially in tho grey dawn' of a winter's morning, aud in such an unfrequented spot, wild, haggard, and with eyes- of unearthly lustre : the boatman crossed hiriiself and uttered . an- ejaculation, but Raiinoucl hastened to re-assure him; wondering much at the strange providence that had brought a boat there at that particular moment. '' " Thou lookest scared frierid," hesaid; "but canst scarcely bc more surprised than I was myself on first seeing thee. Thou hast a boat. Oanst'put mn across the river for the love '. of heaven, as I am but a poor monk, and have- nothing to offer' thee in return?" The' man eyed him suspiciously, ; , i '/ " It is early," he said evasively.. " The day hath scarcely dawned, arid the' current is strong. I shall have as iriuch as I can do to pilot myself across." . / ''//-: '/ / " I can row," said Raimond. " At least ifT do not forget.- I- was a famousoar once." ' vui " Thou hast but-little of the monk- about thee now savo thy- dress," said:the man suspiciously. "I have nob been ono long, only tiyo years or thereabouts." ' And he ooiild not repress a sigh; ; those' two years had comprised a lifetime. - / ,/';. "Thou art. young- for a monk," said the man again. " Young to leave good sport behind thee, to drorio away life' in 'a 'nioriastery when there is so much work wanting in the world." "Lifo is full of mistakes," said iRaimond sadly. ''Perchance thou hast found .monkery one of them?" replied -tlie man,- regarding -him - with a .penetrating glance. . , ' Me.thiuks- . vows of poverty, .humility, and obedience are little iu accordance with thy bearing ; I half oxpect to see tlie spurs poop out from underneath that cassock." ' "/ ' ; . Ah.! those vows, . thoy lay, heavily on poor- Raimond, but he had gone too far to turn.back now, anil bandying words with a bargeman was not much' to .the' young baron's taste. ;r,.<- \- << We are wasting time," he said, with a touch of his old loftiness of manner. " If thou ;wiltln6t'or canst 'riot take mo across, I must only trust to do tho passago ,by swimming,'" and he began riolling up 'his sleeves 'raptory'ito'iriak- irig tho'attcnipt.. '. ' ' ' - ' ' " Monks ' are riot to' my "taste," replied" the riiari; "arid if Pdo give'thee'a lift, thou wilt'be the' first rind last.of- thein T will ever help ;' and I would 'riot Ao' it" but ' that thou seemeth'so uusuitod to, thy crafty calling/- Look liere/.'t'oo, "' he contittuedlayingS'.his ,finger - on- the -young -man's attenuated- arm, i- where the -weigt-rof his-' fetters!; had -'eaten-' into' his: wasted- fiesh, ; "thou/ hast- been /in" trouble'; it is enough,' I will help thee." To be Continued. 