Phosphorescent and other Fungi. DURING the late long period of showery weather great numhers and varities of the Fungus tribe of plants have made their ap- pearance in the neighborhood or Beenleigh in places appropriate for their growth. Amonst which have been seen in various places that beautiful luminous variety, one of the species Agaricus, growing near decaying timber or stumps, and which, at a little distance, you would imagine you saw the remains of a fire but upon nearer approach yon discover that the bluest Phosphorescent light is produced from a pale white Fungus, growing on rather a long stalk or stepes sometimes singly, and at other places in small clusters. Upon ex- aming it, you discover that the greatest, illuminating power proceeds from the under part, called the Gills or lamellœ, which radi- ates from the centre of the stem, and are of a pale blueish white. Some of these Fungi grow to a large size, even weighing half a pound. I have frequently gathered two or three of them, placed them in a dark room, and by their light have been enabled to read ordinary print. There are various specices of these Phosphoresent Fungi in Queensland, and in Europe there is Agaucas Oleareus, and Agaucas Gardneri. Various other species of Agaricii are used as food, such as a A. Compestris—the common mushroom. A. Georgii, Morchella Esculanta, and other species of Morel ; Tuber Cebarium, Teuffle. Others are poisonous, such as A. Procerus, Amanita Muscaria—the latter is used in the North-East parts of Asia, as a means of intoxication, in the same manner as wine, brandy, arrack, opium, and other stim- ulants, and narcotics by other nations. It is necessary to use the utmost cave in employing Fungi, the nature of which is not perfectly well ascertained, in consequence of the resemblance poisonous and wholesome species, and the dreadful effects which have followed their incautious use. It is not easy distinguish betwen edible and poisonous Fungi : it has been said that the latter are often highly coloured, have scales or spots on the surface, though watery flesh, and grow in clusters on wet ground, and often in the shaded. While the edible one are seldom highly coloured, generally white, with pink gills, or brownish ; rarely shew scales or spots, have —brittle flesh, and grow solitary in dry old pasture land, or in the neighbourhood of sheep or stockyards. All the phosphorescent species of Fungus are poisonous, and great care should be taken when children are sent out in the mornings to gather mushrooms, as I have often seen—to examine their baskets before proceeding to cook their contents that they do not contain any strange fungi or any of those blue-white ones. I have known some people take very ill after partaking of a nice dish of stewed mushrooms ; no doubt by having one or two of the poisonous ones amongst them by carless or inexperienced collectors. 