Robert Wrefbrd's Daughter. BY EMMA JANE WORBOIBM. CHAPTER XXXE.-(CONTINUED.) «Roso-der-tay, is it? What curious names then queer new shades have ! But give mo a «od old-fashioned pink! Eleanor wanted a bounet tho other day trimmed with a colour callod weMo-something Uko tho inside of those big shells you find on rockories, you know. I wonldn't let kr have it. 'No, my dear,' said I 'you are an English girl, and you shall wear English colours with English names while you are under my care. Besides, pink of any sortis a worldly colour-' " "And yot tho world is full of roses, and God mado thom ! And I have heard that tho lilies of Palostino that our Saviour noticed are most beau tifully tinted ! Tho dyers do their host to imitate natura j which moans, that they try to copy God's handiwork. And wasn't Eleanor's colour-that sho wanted, and didn't get-coquelicot ? " "I dare'say it was. I don't know much about such vanities ; it's the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit that I desire." " 1 wish to goodness you had it ! " was Anne's unuttered thought. If Mrs. Willis had been a person of her own- age she might havo said it. All she did say was, " Coquelicot would never suit Eleanor's complexion; she looks best in blue or laronder." "So sho does! Not that I wish to study her complexion,, though people do say she is wonder fully fair. I havo always tried to impress upon her her own want of beauty ! I havo spoken of her as 'plain'in her hearing." , "But she'is not plain, is she? I think she is pretty. She is rather pretty, surely ? " "Perhaps so 5 some do say very pretty ! Very much like what I was in my young days. What then? Prottinossisonlyskin-deop. The loveliest taco must become loathsome in the grave; and 'haridsomo is as handsome does,' you know, my dear Anno ; and doubtless you remember to what Solomon likens ' a fair woman without discretion.' " " For all that I should like to be pretty-as pretty as Eleanor. Dear mother said there was no harm in liking a pretty face, any more than in ad miring a pretty flower. And what is tho uso of tolling a girl she is plain when sho is not ? She will find ont the untruth some day, and then then, I think, she will lose all confidence in tho person who deceived her." Mrs. "Willis coloured, for had she not oonfessed loan untruth ? A very white lie, certainly, but al together inexcusable in à person who mado a loud boast of her verity. ! " You don't quito understand, Anno dear," she replied. "Perhaps at tho moment I spoko Eloa Jior did look plain; she might have boon out of temper, or not quito well. Sho always docs look shockingly -when she has iuilucnza ; .fair- com plexioned peoplo always do, I believe. Now, let mo seo tho dross on, and then I must run away." But that was au ordeal ' to which Anno could not and would not submit. She firmly declined «laking an exhibition of herself for Mrs. Willis's talent, and that lady had to go back to hor home ungratified, and not a little chagrined at being aerated by a ffirl like Anno Wreford. Shs Rurally consoled herself by railing at Anno for «er conceit and her obstinacy and her sharp «mper, and by declaring that thc Paris dress, mich sho described as being pink and yellow, would make the girl look the colour of a duck's 'Mt» and then, as she said, sho had, as far as was i! n Avered her oonBcience, and now she coniunot blame herself if the whole Ivyside Household went to rack and ruin ! ? 1 length came tho wedding morning, and Anne and her father and Phillip Rutland, who jibeen mvitecl at tho eleventh hour, sot forth in we new carriage just built expressly for the bride; U r?nieÍelfc as if sho wei*° somebody else in her "tautitui dress and chapeau of " paille dc rh," «taits exquisite garland of tea-roses. And it "?is oniytwclvo months since she had shuddered sid* Tl o£ her craP° aud parramatta. By her WT i8.rfatQer, with his white gloves in his íJví tto wedding-ring in his waistcoat .in» ' asE^y and blithesome a bridegroom as was VomT?' ,Ho dciSuccl to talk affably with his Cf 1 ? tor 5 he Poised ber dross, aud told L * \ 1 luito handsome in it, whispering to iùut . 0 would tum out a fine woman after all, "she took proper care ! in2° lvon,,krod what sort of care nbc must take inirïïi1 , BO charming a result. He ad dehvS1' bo?(lu,-t; he pretended ito smell tho ater03es « lier hat ; he seemed, indeed, over flowingwith his happiness, to Anne's extremo be wilderinent. Opposite to her sat Phillip, who had consented, somewhat against his judgment, to officiate as " best man." Mrs. Markham had persuaded him to »assist at tho" ceremony, reminding him that if ho meant to be Anno's staunch friend, it would never do to begin by appearing to slight her father's bride It would ho in tho power of tho new Mrs. Wreford to exclude him from her " at homes," and deny him the enlree of her house, should she imagine herself to have any kind of grudge against him. " And that kind of woman never forgives," added Mrs. Markham ; " and there is no knowing how she may construe your refusal to officiate, when she knows, assho must, that you wore most graciously invited by tho bridegroom." And so Phillip Rutland yielded tho point, and resolved to make himself as agreeable as in him lay. Besides, he could take care of Anne, and see that she was not overlooked, either at the wedd ing breakfast or in the evening at the dance, which tho Gresley* gavo in honour of their kins woman's mo3t satisfactory alliance. And just before they started, Anno being out of earshot, Mr. Wreford said, " I declare Anno looks every bit of eighteen in that long-trainod dress. I am afraid, Rutland, you and alie will be taken for tho happy pair as we drive along." The idea did not at all displease Phillip ; but, somehow, it did displease him that it Bhould have been suggested by Mr. Wreford. They went, of course, straight to tho church where the ceremony was to be performed. And, to Anno's disgust, it was an opiscopal church, for Mrs. Russell had softly, bub firmly, declined to bo married by a nonconforming clergyman ina non conformist placo of worship. Robert had opposed this decision as far as a man fathoms deep in love could oppose the goddoss of his heart ; but ho had to submit with tho best grace ho could. " I should never feel myself a wife, if I wore not mar ried in proper Church-of-England style," sho whispered appealingly, her soft, white hand clasped in her lover's, and her graceful head rest ing upon bia shoulder. " Indeed I must make it a poiut of conscience, dearest ; and I am sure you will not refuse your poor Maud one of the last she will ask of you before she becomes your own your very own-for life !" But Robert made a littlo fight for his principles, nevertheless-a very little fight, the-ugh, and was consequently worsted. "That's"a prejudico of yours, darling," was his reply ; " you are married as lawfully in the poorest white- washed con venticle, licensed for marriages, as in the proudest cathedral. Nay, tho registrar can tie tho knot as socuroly as the Archbishop of Canterbury." " But the irreligión of it, my dear Robert ! I mightsay the utter profanity !" " Well, the civil marriage is the real one, any way. Thoblesingof tho church is purely optional, a matter of taste, or, if you will, of conscience." " Of conscience, certainly. I will be a dissen ter, if you like, afterwards ; but I must be married according to the order of tho church in which I was born, and in whoso faith and ritual I have boen duly instructed." What morecould Robert say ? And, after all, what did it matter ho asked himself. Ho would be none the worse for the ceremony of the Establish ment, and Maud would imagine herself very much tho Detter. Ifc was unkind and ungracious to con tend for suoh a trifle ; women were all more or less superstitious, and their prejudices on this head particularly ought to be deferred to. And so it came to pass that Maud won the day, and. was married to Robert according to tho form and usago of the Episcopal Church of England. Thoro was a crowd round the church gato a3 the trio alighted-the sort of crowd that commonly assembles on such occasions-ono sometimes mar vels whence ! There waa the usual company of nursemaids and perambulators ; herds of dirty children from the nearest low quarter ; a milk man, with} his empty cans, half-a-dozen or moro loud-voiced, brazen-faced women, on their way to, or from, the public-houses, whero they took their matutinal drams ; boys who ought to have been studying the great R's, but were not ; and a mil liner's errand lad, with his wooden band-box let us hopo it was empty-at full swing ; and fifty other people, a few of them of apparent re spectability. Tho dirty children and the vulgar women set up a shout as Mr. Wreford's carriage drow upj it was supposed to convoy tho bridal party " Oh, my ! " cried ono red- visaged matron j " ain't that gownd a stunner ? " " One might smell tho roses on hor hat," shouted another ; " and such a hooky ! did you ever sec such a hooky ? " ' " She is but a slip of a girl to be married ! " said a third; " aud sho did ought to be in white, with orange blossoms and a voil. Which is her 'u3ban', I wonder-the old fellow or tho young 'un ?" "Neither," replied a well-dressed woman, who stood a littlo apart from tho gossips. "I know thc bride as well as I know anybody, not to be over-intimate. My own sister is upper-maid in tho house what "sho marries'from. That's tho bridegroom, coming first, ready to meet tho bride according to rule-tho older man, I mean, with the white wax-like flowers in his button-hole. Don't ho look spruco? And tho young lady is his daughter. Sho and her stcp-ma will never hit it off, that's certain ! The young gentleman is best man to tho bridegroom. Hero's the bride's party, coming full gallop ; aud the bride's a real beauty, fit tote a queen, though she is a widow lady." And, truth to tell, Maud Russell did look every inch a queen, as, in her rich, sheeny robes, sho swept into the church, leaning on thc arm of Mr. Gresley, who had made quito an old beau of him self for tho occasion. As Laura Gresley had in formed Anne, thc bridal wreath and veil of maiden Avcro denied to widows, however young and fair ; but Mrs. Russell's milliners had so skilfully mani pulated tho materials in baud, that scarcely any one could bc quite cm- tain that tho bride rnally wore a bonnet j it was rather a head-dress, with wonderful old poiut-lace-lappots mixed with steph anotis, capo jessamine, and other bridal flowers, only the orange-blossoms and the customary maidenhair being omitted. Anue had never been at any wedding before, and ßlie stood Uko one in a dream,fascinated and yet repelled, as the bridal procession approached the altar. By some means or other, Maud and her friends had ferreted out a bish op--though only a Colonial one, the Bishop of Hullaballoo to wit to perform tho ceremony, " assisted " by the Eev. Mr. Montmorency-Vero-Sinith, cousin-in-law to tho bride (nine times removed)-an elderly gentle man, who lisped and mumbled his part of the sacred service as nervously as if ho had been a juvenile deacon, newly ordained, and fearful of some egregious blunder. Anne scarcely heard what was said, till tho fateful question was asked by tho oolonial Biship, ""Wilt thou have this woman to bo thy wedded wife ?" which was perhaps quite as well, there being at present no expur gated edition of " Tho JForni of Solemnisation of Holy Matrimony," as by act of Parliament estab ished ! Ult seemed but a very brief affair to entail such life-long consequences, and yet ifc was very solemn -oven awful, tho girl thought ; and when her father,repeating after the Bishsp, Baid, "tolove and to cherish till death us do part," the tears overflowed, as she remembered that parting one short year ago-her father's heart-stricken grief, her own deep speechless agony ! And now-now ! But it would not do to think of it thero ; and al most before sho had regained composure, she heard the irrevocable words, " I pronounce that they bo man and wifo together, in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Then carno prayers and psalms-the former in toned by the Vicar, and the latter onchanted by the choir. Last of all, an address, in which St. Peter and¡ St. Paul figured conspicuously, ending in " amazement," and all was over. They ad journed to tho vestry, and tho usual signing of names followed ; there was a hum of talk, a mur mur of congratulations, a dispensing of fees, and the nowly-married pair left the church, while tho overhead clashed and clanged and drowned thobells uproar of tho orowd without, which by this timo had increased to something like a mob. Thero was nothing especial about the breakfast, saving that tho bride's ninth oousin drank so much chauipagno that hi was ill all tho evening afterwards. It was " shocking bad wine," he afterwards declared, and Robert fully endorsed his testimony. Anne received a libation that ruined her rosc-de-the dress for ever-very much to her contentation, inasmuch as she had contem plated something of tho samo kind when she should be alone at Ivyside, in order that she might bo quite sure of never wearing it again. Phillip, who witnessed tho accident, was delighted with tho equanimity and composure with which she bore it. By-and-by, tho married couple were ready to depart, and Maud kissed and fondled Anne as if she were tho darling of her heart. Mr. "Wreford was so absorbed in devotion to his bride, that he quito forgot to say " good-bye " to his daughter ; and till they were half way to London Bridge he did not remember the omission, for which Maud gently chided him. How tired Anne wns of tho evening's festivities need not be told. Laura Gresley found her part ners till she beggad to be allowed to sit out all the rest of the dances. The best part was when Phillip, finding her in a corner alone, wearied and sick with the headache which had come on hours ago, wrapped a great shawl about her, and took her out for a walk in tho garden behind tho houso. The journey home seemed interminablo, bub oven tho most miserable oxperionces have their end, and so it came to pass that, as the rising sun gilded tho houso tops of Hackney, Anno found herself at Ivyside, and at liberty to go to bcd and forget herself in sleep. 