^^?iw .-?,?.' .*-', 'i-;v-'^ '';/'\1' -*i' ,v'-ri-V'-i^ '?????' ? ? Vi.t'-'-7f'.,-v;-'»-;^'-'T*.1.t£'V'Y V;V:li'i|^ommonlyuriderB'tobiJ|tt^ a considerable \ mortalityfc''aribn'fc'.lthe ' children J of :'i; the* wWt^yp^atlon- of .India ; '?' ,' ;but;' -of ^^aafe^i^pUi'Myevll; eatabl&briient;:'''-bf..-'Sanateri$^^V';^''dh'il-- ..di«n'B.;-v.Hom^V.:^lh^|^Ji^|tomB,tay'a; Mountftinn. . To,f,lififormBr'mi»nlii'rIif1ronnrh. ? at^thecommenoementpf :; thfltiiiot' season,' j when the plains are, no .Iongbr); enjoyable, those who oan oomimand the ? m eans , of a residence iri -that- -vast -mountain-ohain lamiliarly: - qaljed \ «-, the^ftins,^ (where civil and military 'stations axe now numerous, and lifeia Bpent in- a tempprary round of amusements, unknown to the, people of Epg)|ami;? ?;'; v.;'':.:- .?%$-'$?::.:.?; ! , Acpess to , these' sublime., and., beautiful regions is easy ; and between the mountain-, tops arid'tlie pipturesque valleys, perpetual' summer may be found. .These mountain-, homea , of , our bountrymen ore not only ; thoroughly, enjoyable.' to the' , lovers of. Nature's beautios',* but they also enable them to roprodub.e the domestib life of the mother country i with all its homely joys; and in so genial a olime, a sound mind'in a healthy, body firid,s abundant . opportunities of following the pursuits of Boienoe arid of literature in, oomporatively. fresh fields. |. Leaving Umballa early one morning at the oommenoement of the hot season, wo ^ode across iConntry to Lalroo, a, small vil lage, .where :we,.ohanged horBOB. Theripa we oantered nine;mil(!s through a rioh .country, diversified by many ploasing bits of Boenery, to the. d&k; or staging bungalow of Busai, where we?,again mounted;, fresh, hpraeB, aud galjoped forward .to the village of Munu majra, at tho , entrance to the pass of. the Sewalio or outer Himalayan range, whioh towavdS;- its .eastern extremity presents a Bharply i serrated--. oatlino, with, an' average height of.abouUhirtoen hundred feet. : ' ?'Next morning we- passed '.through this range — a distanoe .. ol several.: miles — by. tortuous water-oourBes and fragmentary roads, andi entered the .Valley ? of .Pin jote, near the village of whioh are the splended terraced, gardens, of- the. Maharajah of Fut teala,,a .'oh'ioftain of the Oia-Sntloj States, whose unswerving fidelity to tho -British Go vernment during our wara with his oountry men the ': Sikhs, has been Rewarded ' with extensive additions to his territorial possea aions.', ? .,.......,,..,. . . 1 Here, are innumerable fountains ; and arti fioial oasqades, sparkling with the .pure, waters, of the' mountain- streams whioh feed them ; jets-d'edu shoot aloft and adown the marble oanals ; whilst elegant pavilions of the same material afford tho most bharming retreats, whoro,lullod by the murmurs around, in an atmosphere filled with the perfume of the .rose, jasmine, oleander, and. ofango, the oriental sybarite, with his hookah and pomegranate sherbet, may oonj uro up wakiug dreams suoh as may have inspired the '.'Ara- bian Nights.' Now confronting the traveller rise the bold bluffs of the outer range of the Himalaya, proper, to on elevation of about seven thousand feet; and putting spurs to bur horses, a five-mile ride along an exoelleht. road brought us to the small village and English hotol of Kdlka, at the base of the mountain on whioh stands the military station of Kussowlio. The aaaent is by a steep and t or tuouB-road about eight miles long. Ab we continue, to ascend, the Sewalio range no longer obstructs the view of the plains beyond ; and , in the far distance may be seen the winding Sutlej, pursuing its way like a silvery python along the boundary of the Punjab. ? A Budden turn of, the road oarries us to the northern side of the mountain,. and the station of. Kua aowlie breaks at once, on the view; first tho parade-ground, about an acre, in extent, around whioh are the low, flat-roofed bar raoka ; and gradually the various bunga lows of the residents, perohed here and there upon every available scarped spur or ledge ot rook, and surrounded by dark fic treea (Ptnus longifolia) and various shru bB, of which more presently. A stranger ar riving during the dry- season would not be aware of the splendid panorama, whioh a dusky haze obscures; but after a day's rain the magnificent soene ia revealed in all its wondrouB features. Thia station, one of the earlier established sana toria, is named after the -small hamlet of Eusaowlie, which is situ ated in a valley below. From the roads whioh wind along' the spurs of the mountain, the view looking north embraces seven dietinot ranges, including the Sublime Snowy Bangs, whose sharply serrated peaks rise to an altitude nearly twioo that of Mont Blano. In the middle distance lie .the military stations of Subathoo, Bugsho/i i(and the Lawrenoo Asylum) ; while farther off may be distinctly seen the deodar (Himi alayan oedar, often . a hundred feet high) crowned heights of Simla. ' ; From about the 1st of May until the rains, oommenoe on the 16th or 16th of June, the aepeot of these mountains is barren' and iparolied, reminding one of sheets of orumpled brown paper; the foliage of the fir-trees is roduoed to scanty brown tufts ; the incessant hum of inseot-life beoomos tiresome ; while occasionally tho sun breaks forth .with great fervour through the reddish haze. At night,' .thousands ot fire-flieB oover the stations as.it were with glittering sparks, and not unfre quently one may hear the' distant rumbling of thunder. But in the valleys the aspoot of Naturo, even at this soaeou, is very different.1 Hero, instead of fir-treea and the wild pear, we find magnifipont walnut and aprioot troeB; and wherever a spring of water gUBhea from the oleft rook, one is generally BUre to find the delioate Himalayan primrose, the dark 'scented and pale .violet, strawberries, ana at certain periods of the year, yellow and white jessamine, St. John's wort, wild-rosos, azure' rooket, flowering ferns, thioketa of the oriin ?son rhododendron, and gnarled oaks ; besides la great variety of other flowering shrubs and plants. : One of these romantic little streams at Kossowlie has its source in a ferny oleft, shaded by willow and walnut boughs, while along its oourso_ thenaroissusand iris, marvel |of Peru, blue 'pimpernel, eglantine and musk roses, grow in abundarioo ; but although the spot stem's to be in a state of nature, it may be questionable whether some of the plants just ruentionod are really indigenous. Theourious ' leaf-inseot,'as wollaa the 'walking-stiok,' or twig-insect, may be seen at Kussowlie, but moro rarely than at the stations of Mussoorie and Landour, at certain times of the year. There is also a singular tree beetle, which, attaohing a crooked instru ment with- whioh Nature haB provided it to any twig which it wishes to out off from the tree, spins itB body round on this ourioua axis, until, after a loud buzzing sound, it falls, with the twig whioh ib has Bawn off, to the ground. These beetles, at oertain seasons, areso numerous andaotivo an to become a positive nuiBanoa. The north-eastern extremity of Kussowlie is bounded by a finely stratified poak, whioh rises sharply at the farthest turn of the road, and is understood to be the highest point' of this ridge. It is called by the Puharries or hill- men, Kama Deva, or the Mountain of the Hindu god of Love, Kama; but. by tho English residents, '^Tapp'B Noso.' On the summit Is a rude Bhrine of unhewn stones about two uml a half feet high j and on the horizontal stone over the aperture there is a rude reproeentation in relief ol the Rod Eadra. (This deity or idol is Buflioieritly rare to be , worthy of Bpooial remark,) Being interested, by the discovery of a comparatively rare image, wo made pome slight oxoavationa, and were able to traoa; the foundation of a more' expensive building,: and also tho remains of a well; but in suoh a eitu»tion, for what purpose it was used,; except ob 'a1 tank, it wonld be' difficult : tq say . , This fine rook oommanda a magniuoent1 view of the plains on the 0119 hand, and of the inner Himalaya on tho: other. Hi is: riom9timeralaooaUedMQPkwjHm»,lrqa:ft^ ^a8taftiia.ber8ybfsman:!4w*nj,to'onkw^ ^figiMherhsge^^h^iyariiblitigr^a^ «iM^t ^ any t;Bp8pial?Mtra,qMonfl t& ^thono^erQiHmals.tunleBsine asaume th^tr imbhkeys ''are oapable of apprebiating the ; pioturesqub. , \\- :V'''.'-': '?:'-j'-t:'^;V!''.sv^''li-;'';i/'! ' : '.-??:? ?- - Eurbpeans, after but a Bhort rtBidenoe in the;:- Himalaya; llfioqriire' av lapility . in even ?oariteHbg 'clown road* («n their' sure-footed muleslaad. ponies , whibhMJM^JBhfe.hate. ap~pe'aredbnly¥u(fecrtotheoarefal.pedofltrian. NT^efwideBt olthe- roads f.cqnneotinR'. ithe;? stationa aro seHPrri more than about six feet .bro.»d,..with:rook8.Qn tha. one. hand,. ana.*! preoipUions desoeat on the other. In some places however, the roads ' are so steep , that . precautions' are ?neoeBBdry, at V the'; slowest paoe, to prevent the saddle slipping over tho pony's neok.OooaBionally, and eepeoially after heavy rain, aooidenta oobur, to those who try t'short-buts'^by' iho(jp'«(/iun(J{« or narrow footpaths used by the natives. How, the celebrated Mohammedan invader of yore, ? after tho saok of Delhi.-managed' with his wildihordoa,; laden with 'plunder.eafely.aua rapidly to penetrate these moiintaiUB, and to leave no traeo behind, in the short spaoe'bf ' time whioh history reoords, is still a problem.' They, came and went like a flight ofloqusts ; \- arid theLdifliouity of : their retreat can only be. realised by one who has aotually travelled it\ .th.e i-.: few, and. .torturous .passes of .the tremenaouo barrier intorpoflod between India and Central AbIb.' -.:.:' ;..': ,v-V''^--'!y ; ?? '?'' ? 1 Leaving Kussowlie at five o'clook, we .used to consider it : a lair, averaRe ride to reaoh Subathop by seven,, although,' the. actual distance cannot be more -than nine mileH. , Two-thirds of the t way aro lOaoupiepl in (jhp descent of tho Kussowlie range, at tho base pf whioh a Btream must be orossed ; and 'after that there is a gradual asoont, to, Subathoo, whioh lies, about, -three thousand feet lower.: than the' other station. The station of Subathoa is, for a hill-station, opm paratively flat,; yet it has been found neces sary to build many of the houses. on the lofty eminences surrounding it; while a square native fort, flanked. at the. angles by; round towers, haB a pioturesque aspeot beside the low flat-roofed barraokB. ' Beyond Subathqo, the road' again desoends. , The bare rooks, on whioh only enphorbiaoeous plants seem to grow, present a forbidding appeararioe, whioh ia inoreased by the grotesque forma of this genus of plants. At the bottom of the next valley, about five miles on the road to Simla, there is a beautiful arid rapid river,, whioh is spanned: by an .iron suspension bridge. Imposing rooks rise on eaoh side of, the -stream, along the fa'oeof which, by blasting, a road has been made. About a quarter, ofa mile beyond this river is .the. uninteresting dak bungalow of Hurrypore ; and beyoni.it tho road ia' tiresome and monotonous. ; On o'no ODooaion, although during the dry season, we were overtaken by. a storm, at about four b'olook in the afternoon., Wo had observed heavy olouds gathering- in the north-west, acoompanied by the distant mut tering of ; thunder. The darkness rapidly increased,* and in half an hour more the storm burst overhead with astounding fury. Peal upon peal. of thundor,reverborated from rock to rook_, and from mountain- top to yalley, in rapid succession, acoompanied by incessant flaahes^of lightning and wild squalls of sleet. Urging on our pony to its utmost speed, wo .soon roaohed tho next staging bun galow at Synio thoroughly drenohed, and glad of a refreshment of milk and excellent wild raspbprries. Tho* storm had. now died away. It was ahout six 6'olook when tho. setting sun burst forth from a Panopy of golden olouds with a startling effulgence There, was something solemn in the audden and .' profound ' repose [ ot .Nature ; ' and the' grandeur' of this' effebt was muph heightened by a magnificent and perfeot rain bow completely spanning the vallpy before us, and' dyeing tho rooks at eaoh 'extremity with its 'iridescent hues. Leaving Synie at dusk on government mules, after a most fatiguing ride, we arrived at Bimla about ten o'olook, and'prpoeedba at. onpe to the Pavilion Hotel, when, having had supper, conduotod by a guide, we soon found the bungalow whioh we- had rent»a for the season. On awaking next morning we were oharmed with, the -situation of our new residence, whioh wbb perohed on the top of a spur of the mountain, and oommandod a fine view.,- The garden in front of tho verandah was not more than twelvo feot from. the. brink— not indeed. of a preoipioo, but ofa steep descent, tho angle of whioh. was. so sharp, that, anyone; /tilling over must have rolled,down at least a thousand foet. . Iu this, small ga,tden plot there; was, a profusion of the.- lovelieBt pink oabhage-rosoB in fall b)oom. Over the amphithoatre of mountains direotly in front one might see, through a gap, Subathoo and Kussowlie; and in the extreme .., distance, the caipet-like plains stretohing far. beyond Umballa to the horizon's verge. Our bungalow was shut in at the side's by , gigantic pines and deodarB, Beyond these , to the eastward, at a higher elevation, might be seen the bazaar; and still farther, off, the picturesque. Jocko, .'dotted. over with Swiss cottogea and . bungalows. The station of Simla rose at the back .of our house, and ocoupied the remainder of the scene/ ' The grandest feature in tho scenery, is, of, course, the majeatio 'Snowy Kange, ?which rise8 from the valleys and lower ranges to the north of Simla in a stupen dous ina6B_, that at the first view is almost overpowering in its effect on the mind even! of those who have travelled in the Alps. It is with difficulty that tho mind realises such vast altitudes. Far'above the region of animal -life, these stainless peaks, rise into the blue empyrean, bo little of . the; earth, earthly, that iu the early morning, when first struok by the beams of the rising sun, before the latter have illumined ? their baaes, whioh are loat in the grey blue, of distance, they seem, out off by. the limit of perpetual aribw, like a magic oanopy, midway between hbaven and earbh. Some times at Buneet, for a few minutes, the Snowy Bange aBaumes a roseate hue, whioh suddenly, vanishes, as .' it . were, in . the twinkling of an eye, and presents them in aailvery grey aspeot--' distinot but dis tant 1 dear, yet, oh, how oold 1' But it ia in the moonlight that these awful solitudes Beem most ghost-like, for at suoh an, eleva tion there are no olouda ; and when the lower atmosphere is also dear, the effeot is in the highest degree sublime. . But from the stations to the eastward, Buoh as Mussoorio and Landour, the Snowy Bange appeara even grander than from KuBBOwlie and Simla, for from' the formor the peaks above the sources of the Ganges and Jumna, beautiful in form, are conspicuous ; while farther to the east may be perceived, overtopping the range, the extreme point of Kunohinohunda, one of the highest elevations on the faoo of bho globe. The aapeot of these hill stations, as they are oalled, varies considerably.' Thus while the noble oedars and pines of Simla arid itB sistera give a oold character to the aoenery, the noble oaks of Muasoorie and Landour, garnished with beautiful ferna and opidendrona on their mossy trunks and brandies, olotho the mountain-sides with the beauty of almost tropical vegetation. During the rainy, season the atmospheric effeots are quite magioal.- Thus when One is enveloped in rolling olbuds whioh shut out the sunshine, a sudden break -ri the former will disclose some sunny spot, bright and green like a landscape painted in enamel, on some loftier mountain, near enough to be quite diatinot. Oae-pf the earliest harbinRars of the rainy aeaBbri is ; the gigaritio adjutant bird ; and about the beginning of Juno these solitary Btorks;;may be observed standing like 'sen. Tlriela; on projeotioria of , rooks faolng thb' plains, at an elevation pf botwoon bix and seyen;. thousand . feet.,; At , this .'aeflpon tho Buddon ohaugos from, light to darkness ' and from dark^bsa to light t','.*he roar ol water: falls, leaning a. thousand feet and ' more in some pIbobb into the wvlries below, and the boauty; ol .the ,-loral , world, present, com- binationa on' Bo^graudl a aoale ^BaVit wpuld bpimpofl^i6(^the_,b^-PliitlttqJa.elk. ^everi%e;:fa)ri|ds^ '^flebts ii^pt^:dr^|^to:i)jripr^ when amid t^eiliriBe'riri'gv.|nowsi}the.orimBp«i:; frhp^ode'ndroiaftla^ «»9»S,'.-to.. tho hoiRht'of thirty feet ana even.morej.while ths wild-vine's arid tliewhitpwild-rpaBSi^pn whito-liko Btema, ^entirely envejlpptheydrgest: pear- trees with a profusion vof bldsBom.B. But it ia inwioiter that these , mountains ore'graridest, for it is- then— m^Janufti'yr-- tha±.thaanQafclterrlflpithunderatbOT8...pre', yfiil;'' arid, the lightning illuminates '.:; the pathieas phowa; away-;lin' f^he f-r dlst«,nbi-, In' the inky blaokneaa of night, from Lah ^drir-forinstaripei- -the -whole-- of- -the/aister' istiition..of MuBsporie: will i.Budd|enly ;,be i«evWa'd'^''-ni^'.'l)rUU»nt;flai»h,^;l;ane|'.-;thec next moment^ ^ar^riess ,ifch.^ mbat'.prpfpund ahuta.put eiventho: '??'noftreit',. p.bjep.ta a ..few; jpaoea' -oS, whilbthejtnurider.rpllai not only above ftnd around ;but below* . '??-.. Iny winter, ;? ihoweverj there are generally butifew. Euro- , peana ;reaident,,in itheso;mountainaiii;for Ithose who ar.e . not required : to 1 return, to. the ^plains seek Bumtner.yoRain ,in ; tho. lenohanting Valley of Dehrft.Dhoon, which may be renohod in, an hour a,nd a half ; and iwhenoe, amid- floweri and aiinny gardens, there;, ia , a i pleasure,1 with the^ aid of an opora-glaBa, in - taurveying one'B 'late home buried in snow,'- and exposed to tha -f ury of the elementB, while we' are ODJoying-the temperature of Italy,in tho late -spring ; and 1 plPniok arid uportirig; exoursiona in the neighbourhood with their endless round of amusement.'' ; ' ' , ' !' ! During ' the season' in, the Himalaya, ,tho,go,ioties are-iribessanb; arid _bhe enterr tainmentavgivenby' the wealthior' visitors,.; are generally on a prinoely soale. .Balls,. parties,1 pibniosi shooting: mdtohe.5,arohery;', and, other games, rapidly. ? succeed ? eaoh other, and ab : these- gatherings ,; many jmarriagea are annually ' arranged'.', But although' one 'might' suppose, that the iBnglia.h in. these oharmintj'.BUmmer re itreatB were: the most frivolous, people . on the face of th^ earbh, theie are. alwaya:a , few. who ',lbye, ' not man the' less, bub Nature more,' arid who . profit by . the ..op.', pprtunibies afforded of making many valu able additions to ouc store of knowledge. Indeed,' amongst the ofBpera/oE' the Indian army are many excellent naturalists, uu known to fame, and also others whose, soientifio acquirements 1 generally have not always been sufficiently brought to ,publio. npiioe.-r- Chambers', Journal. . ??'.'?'- ? 