ipsansmr. MOBE GHOST STOEIES UNVEILED. On the above subjeot, a correspondent sends us the following : — A few years ago I removed into a new and larger house with a young family. Some nights after my removal I was awakened in the middle of the night by a distinct knock ing twice or thrice repeated at my bedroom door. I called oat: ' Who's there ?' There was no reply ; bat after an interval of a few minutes the knocking was repeated as dis tinctly «b before. Attain the same question : ' Who's there ? ' and again no reply : bat again came tbe knocking, if possible more distinot and loader than before, art j«Kt as if a person outside in the lobby h*» Jftrnck sharply with his knuakles on the door. I sprang rapidly from bed on its being i«pe»te4, and rushed to the bedroom door and opened it, determined to catoh the ketooter. Bat thera was no one outside ; and no one could have escaped down the staircase, whioh was what is called a well-staircase, brilliantly lighted wltu a flood of moonlight, whioh streamed through the skylight window. I am not and never was spirit-stricken or superstitious ; bat I will confess my sensa tions new became trying ; my heart began to throb, and I returned to bed with eais painfully awake. Again came the knocking, dear and distinct and methodical as before. Although feeling very uneasy, I crept silently out of bed and stretched myself on the floor with my ht?ad on the boards and a few feet from the bedroom door, to find oat if pob sible from what part of the door the knock ing proceeded. Again it came as before, and I ceuld distinctly refer it to the lowest part or panel of the door. I suddenly opened the door ; bat with the same result as before ; and again I lay in my former position. Again came the knocking, threG or four die tinct taps ; and now fixing my eyes s-eadily on the spot from which the tapping proceeded, I saw tbe knuckle bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of a very small waluut, jerked repeatedly against the skirting that lay alongside the door. The skirting was thinner than the sounding-board of a piano ; and it was the sadden tapping of tbe little bone against the sounding-board that produced the repeated knocking. But how was the tapping produced? By a mouse that had found its way along the hollow spaoe behind the wainscot. It had bored a hole ia the very lowest part of the wainscot, very nearly on a level with the floor, had found it3 little bone left after tbe children's dinner, and bad dragged it to the entrance of its hole, but could not get it through. It had dragged through the tonga bit of sinew which is attached to the end of the bone — popularly known in mutton as the Gentleman's Bone — and was trying by jerking it baokwards to bring tbe bone itself through ; and each jerk gave a blow against the thin sounding board, and each blow gave oat the sound or mysterious knock. Had I not discovered this, no reasoning could have convinced me that I had not heard knocks at my bedroom door ; and I should in all probability have attributed them to what is termed saper natural agency. My next experience was if possible more puzzling. In the neighbourhood of Dablin, on the roeky sea-coast of Dalkey, there are several castles supposed to have been erected by the Danes for tbe protection of their traders. They are stiii ia fair preservation, and have dwelling-houses of modern con struction built against them. One of these old castles stands on the very verge of the sea, over what was once a rocky inlet, bat ie now a harbour called Bullock Harxrar, aloag the opposite side of which is a row of fishermen's cottages, principally inhabited by men who earn their livelihood as pilots. The dwelling-hoase attached to this old castle I with my family ocoupied in the summer, for health's sake and to enjoy boat ing, of which I was fond. I observed some time after taking up my residence in it, that no matter at what time I retired to bed— snd I generally sat up one or two hoars after tbe other members of my family had retired — the Bervaajts from the kitchen story selected the same moment for their departure. This unceasing regularity became st last annoying, and I insisted on knowing the cause. The information given to me was that the old castle and house were haunted, and that for no inducement would the ser vant's remain after I had ascended from the parlour. I had now reason for thinking there was some ground for the fears. The pantry particularly, and the rest of the house with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. These were plainly heard ; and there was added an additional aggravation; for, not content with thie, the ' supernatural ' visitor began to do mischief, and generally in the gray of the morning made free with eatables and pots of jam on the shelves, occasionally breaking a glaBS or plate ! To add to the mystery, though the pantry was carefully looked every night the depredations still continued, and at length the tenor of each night's visitation became greater and greater, and the variouB stories began to be circulated, one being that the visitant was the spirit of a nun condemned to suffer the pangs of hunger for some transgression. This was supported by the circumstance of the old castle and grounds having been some years before ocoupied as a convent. The ! only opening into the pantry was through a ! ventilator in tbe roof, very high op, and ad joining one of the lofty walls of the old castle. Throngh this no human being could obtain an entrance ; but it was entered by a monkey, who came to it in this way. One of trie ; pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to a ship, to relieve the one on duty, when the monkey, sick I suppose of the sea, and determined not \ to lose the opportunity, jumped into the buat, and on nearing the shore, jumped oat again, and sought tbe nearest shelter, which happened to be the old castle. The ship was from the West Indies, laden with sugar. The monkey, though missed from tbe homeward bound, was unnoticed by the pilot crew, snd finding his way from tbe castle to tbe ven- \ tilstor of the adjoining dwelling-bouse pantry, sought to allay hia hanger there when all was quiet at night. By day the creature lay : bidden in the old castle ; and it was only after a lapse of many days and nights that ' poor Jaoko was discovered peeping oat from his lodging in the old Norman keep ! It not unfrequently happens that houses are haunted, and kept haunted, by certain persons who have a direct interest in keeping op the silly trick. In the same neighbour- : hood — the neighbourhood of the old castle ? : was a house reputed to be haunted, and which has maintained its reputation for more than two summers. Footsteps are heard at night, doors are slammed, and on one occa sion, jags of water have been poured upon ' eome members of the family, to their great discomfort. The ghost has been clever, and has not yet been caught ; bnt the solution is not far to find, as the care-taker has a com fortable residence gratis, which is lost when - tbe house is let and occupied for the season, i —Chambers Journal. \ ? » ? - Abtflt. Youth. — One of Jour female teachers threatened to keep an unruly boy fifteen minutes after school. ' I wish you'd make it half an hour,' said the appreciative youth, ' for you're the prettiest teacher in this town.' Ponoro a Fuse Ponrr as rr.— A widow, whose husband's artistic perceptions had caused bis bouse to be elegantly ftinrishod, married his brother. When her visiton, after the second marriage, complimented her upon the beauty of her house-furnishing, she answered, 'Oh, yes, mydearbroiher'm-lsw bad such exquisite tastes I' 