: NORTHERN NEWS. ; ?, ?'??' Rookhampton, Wednesday, Thj weather is fino and cool, witli a clear »ky. Mr 'Wood, for many years overseer of tho Worls and Roads department, and who would shorty havo boon in a position to claim to be ?upeiinnuatcd, has been diaminsed. His dif misBti is aoveroly criticised by the preaa. Tub' Touubb Stkaits ifiit— Tho JE. and Ai Co.'a R. M. S. 8omer6et arrived at :OooktQwn yesterday from Hongkong and Singapore. She brings tho English mails to Marbh '23; oio Brindisi.. The Somerset may boexpeoted to arrive -at the ttnehorago, Moroton Bay, on Sunday or Monday. A Ctob fob CATAEiin.— Colds aro very pro ralent just now, and the following,' an ex tremely; efficacious prescription, may he of ser vice to many. ? 'i'«ko of hydrochlorato of morphia, ?two grains ;' acacia powder; two' drachms ; sub nitrate, of bismuth^., six. drachms. Slir. Of this powder from a quarter to a half may be taken as snuff in tbe oourse of the twenty-four hours. Its employment should be commenced as soon hh the symptoms show themselves, and should be continued frequently at first, so an to keep ,the interior of the nostrils constantly coated. ' It may bo takon in tho ordinary way', between the, thumb and fore- finger ; but a much more efficacious and less wasteful method u to use a small 'glitter of paper, or 'enuff- spopn,' placing it just within the nostrils and suiffinfr up forcibly, so ns to carry the powder well within. ' Some nf the snuff finds its way into.the throat, nnd will do good if there is nny oatBrrh in: that part. The snuff causes hardly any eensiitich ; a slight smarting may ocour if tho mucous membrane is much irritated and in flamed, but it rapidly disnppe.irs. After a few sniffs of the powder a perceptible amelioration of the symptoms ensues, and in the course of u few hours, tho. powder being inhaled f ram time to' time, all the symptoms will have disap peared. RsMASKAntB Acoident. — An accident of a very singular nature befell a horso belonging to Mr. J. Hamilton Scott on Monday evening. Mr. Scott wns riding Ifome at a walking pace, when his .horse's near hind foot doubled under, thereby causing ? euch ? a severe wrench as to break :the thigh bone, Mr. .Irving, the veterinary 6urgeon, having been Bent for, examined the injury, and at once pronounced it to be incurable. The animal, consequently, was soon afterwards shot., . . . ; ?'Milton, Cuioket Clot — The monthly meet ing-of this club was held last evening, end was fairly attended. Mr. James Clark, the presi-. deiit, ocoupied the chnir. The principal busi ness transacted was in connection with the coming contest with the Albert eleven, for the Challenge : Cup, which takes pla--e at the Hamilton, on Saturday. The selection com mittee of the Milton Club have, we understand^ left no Btone unturned put forth : their' beat eleven in the field on the occasion. The 'contest is expected' to be a severe one, and being the only chance any other club has of trying to wrest this trophy from the, »o far, in vincible club no doubt the Milton captain will try all sort of tactics to keep down the ecoro of his opponents: -After several other matters of import mice had beo'i transacted, tho meeting broke up, to assemble ugain on the 22nd instant, to .tnke into consideration the advisability- of holdincr an entertainment on -behalf '.of the Club. Skatiko Entektaikjient. — Professor Taylor and Lillie repeated their clevor exhibition of skating at the Town Hall last night. Several amateurs, again disported themselves for tho amusement of the onlookors, amongst' them being a few who evidently had never donned skates before, and the contortions undergone by' these in .their not always successful- effort's to maintain their equilibrium, gave rise to a great deal of unBympathising laughter. ? The race for a medul at the end of tho evening, was very keenly contented. The prize fell' to tho successful candidate ef tho previous evening, Mr. Davis. Professor Taylor hao received a letter from tho agents for letting the Town Hall, stating that us the floor of the room used is found to boar skate marks, the performance must be confined to the skating of Mr. Taylor and Lillie. . As such- ah atrangomeut would materially interfere with the success of the entertainment, it hna befen decided to mvo no more'nerformancos until nsuitublo room has been secured elsewhere in the town. Cahlton'8. Ghost entertainment -waB re peated .yosterduy evening, at the old School of Arts, which was moderately well filled. I alwaj-B feel great and sincere respect for a man who is thoroughly in earnest, and honest, and manly enough to act up to his convictions as far ub he cun, in spite of the ' sneers jeers, and scoffs of the multitude,' writes the 'Bohemian.' I may be, and: often am- fully persuaded in my own mind, th^t suob. amap' is wrong, but I respect him all the same, and am only sorry:that he cannot see things in the true light,'an I do— ahem ! That is the mason why I .take' iny hat off 'to tbe Chjuroh of England incumbent at Maryborough. Ho is a man, 'so f a'r'as I can learn,1 whoj whatever may be his errors' und shortcomings in other respects, Bays what hemeans, and means whathe^Hy'B, about church' matters at all events'. Tha chnrch folk at Maryborough are and have been for a long time past in want of a now churoh, and also in sore need of the funds wherewith to build it. When the proposal was first made to raise a fund for the purpose, subscription lists' were prepared, and wheu these had been c tr ued round until they brought no more grist to tbe mill, it was proposed to sot the ladies, to work and set up a grand bazaar in aid of the fund. But the incumbent stood up against a majority of his congregation, and a vory largo majority of the .ladies, and declared that his conscience would not permit him to countenance any such undertaking. If a now churoh were built at all it must bo built withsutany ' un godly aids,' aud bazaars, raffles, art union drawings, and all suoh modes of obtaining money were ungodly, whether the money so obtained wob devoted to church building, or any uther religious object. The end did not sanctify tho means. He was only a poor man bb they know, hut if they would givo up tho idea of raising money by snoh means ho would give £100 out of hia own pooket. They did (five it up, and he gave np the £100. Now the ohuruh isnearly oompleted, and there is still n Burn of £1,-400 or thereabouts to make up before it in paid for, eo last week the brave man carao down with another £600 out of his own pookflt, ono of hu congregation gave £100, and others gave sums whioh amounted to £300, in order that tho incumbent might have the sutiB fa' tion of seeing his new church but of debt before he had to preach in it, and not a six pence of the money, so far as ho knows, raised py 'ungodly' means. Tho church is o'xpootod 'to bo completed in AuguBt next, and I sinoerely hope the iucumbont. will have his wish gratified. It doeH one a world of good to meet with a case like this now and ugain, if only to vary the monotony of tho hypocrisy, humbuir,- selBuh- iieBs, worldlinoas, znunmiosH, und shuffling, ono has to wituoss among persons who claim 10 be the ' salt of tho earth, and sample patterns of religion and piety to the rest of mankind. Lniu- Palmehbtok was a great believer in the Oyster, ae a brain nourisbor. Nearly all the most eminent -writers and , thinkers1 of thin and puHt ages, have preserved aud strengthened their intellectual powers by consuming largR quantities of these dolieious bivalves. We read that Cicero, the greatest orator perhaps that over lived, invariably fod entirely upon oysters for ? days before making his grandest . efforts. At the dinnors of our wits aud savaus, wherever tho feuNt of reiiHon and the flow of soul ure in perfection, you may depend upon it, that the first dish sent round contains uncooked oysters. Tho origin of this custom arises from the well anowa inu jiciu iaoi, turn eacn oyster contains ' a largoqimntity of phospnorous which illumines the intolloot, excites and strengthens tile, brui action, assists c'igestbn, and mukes mac com panionable, brilliant, aud happy. 0. Hunter, M.D.— [Advi.] 