COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date. J The Colac Histrionic Clnb gave a perform ance on New Year's Eve. The pieces played •were " Not a Bad Judge" and " His Last Legs." The profits of the evening were to be devoted to supplementing the funds of the local Catholic schools. Mr. John Finna more, formerly of Melbourne, sustained the parts of Lavater and O'Callaghan. During the evening an interchange of personalities took place between one of the amateurs and a portion of the audience. Hobabt Town, Jan. 2. Dear Sir,—" Hamlet," played since Monday to crowded houses, has proved a pronounced success. Mr. Creswick's magnificent perform ance of the Danish Prince is beyond any words of praise from me. To have seen it once is to remember it for ever. Such a perfect creation has seldom or never fallen to the happy lot of Tasmanians to enjoy before. The cast was a strong one—Ophelia, Miss Ashton, charmingly played; Queen, ' Miss Carry George, powerful and dignified ; Ghost, W. J. Holloway, stately and impres sive ; King, K. W. Lawrence, solidly ex cellent ; Laertes, Charles Holloway, manly, loving, and determined; Polonius, J. H. Martin, who is without a rival in the part : Horatio, W. Reynolds, gentlemanly and devoted ; Gravedigger, G. P. Carey, quaintly humorous, and well conceived; and Rosen crantz ana Guildensteren, Messrs. Forbes and Tasman, far above the average. The dresses were magnificent, the scenery new and cor rect, the supers well drilled—in short, Mr. Holloway may credit himself with having placed this great tragedy upon the stage in a style that would have done honour to any theatre in Melbourne. To quote from the Mercury—" ' Hamlet,' as presented at the Theatre Royal by the Holloway company, will form an epoch in the history or the highest dramaticart of Hobart Town." The next production will be the " Merchant of Venice," which it is said will equal that of " Hamlet." Faithfully yours, Amiens. Ballarat, Jan. 8. Dear Sir,—I send yon a line or two about tbe company now playing at the Academy of Music here. It is a very good company, in cluding, as it doeB, Mr. and Mrs. Herndon, Mr. Ireland, Mrs. Wooldridge, Mr. J. J. Wal lace, Miss Kate Foley, Miss Clara Hender son, and Miss Kate Vinson, the last-named being, as probably you know, the daughter of poor Kate Warde. They have appeared in "The Colleen Bawn," "The Irish Exile," " Little Daisy," " Bertha, the Sewing- machine Girl, or Death at the Wheel," and "The Yankee Teamster," and have deserved a great deal of praise for their generally intel ligent and careful acting. Of their monetary success I cannot speak so certainly. They had good houses the first week; but since then things do not appear to have gone so well with them. They will probably leave . for Stawell next week. E. Y. Wellington, N.Z., Dec. 29. Dear Sir,—The Rignold compauy,' under the management of Mr. Darrell, opened at the Imperial Opera-house here on Boxing night with " Henry V.," with a success which is as gratifying to the public as it ought to be profitable to the enterprise which has . ventured so much iu bringing so complete a company here. We are all, as a matter of course, delighted with the performance. It is an entire novelty to us to have such com pleteness of representation. Of Mr. Rignold's king it is impossible to say too much ; it goes beyond all our expectation, much as we had heard of it. Miss Navaro's charmingly refined acting in the parts of the Dauphin and the pretty Princess Catherine gives us an especial pleasure, as it was iu New Zealand where she graduated in the art in which she has made such remarkable pro gress. MiBS Jenny Watt, respectively as Rumour and the Queen, enables me to pay your own city a compliment for having pro duced so handsome and natural an actress. Mr. Elliott, whom you may not know, plays Pistol very humorously ; and Mr. rower, ybom you do know, plays Fluellen very con fusedly. Miss Mayor, a recent d&butante; from your city, does the Boyas if she had had a long practice at playing boys, which, however, I be have she has not. The only thing with which I have to find fault is the singing of the chorus, and having some ear for music, I was much disturbed by the.singing. But this is only a spot on the sun." Altogether the pro* auction of the play of " Henry V." is so good that it ib a rare treat to us, and I cannot say 'n P'ojsc of Mr. Darrell for the spirit he has shown in the venture. I believe i the company are to appear in Christchurch • on January, zo. C. H. D. 