AFFAIRS IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. IT is now tolerably certain that the harvest yield of 1878-9 is below the average. The official statistics have not yet been published, but the Register, as in past years, has been able to announce approximate results, based upon the information they have received from numerous correspondents. The conclusions thus obtained have always proved to be substantially correct, so that one runs very little risk of falling into error by accepting these in the present instance. The total area reaped is put down at 1,286,355 acres, or 122,709 in advance of the preceding season. The total yield is estimated at 9,007,624 bushels, which gives an average of seven bushels to the acre. This is 40 lbs. per acre less than in 1877-8, and the consequence is that, if these calculations are corrcct, we have about 30,000 bushels less wheat in the country now, notwithstanding the large area sown, than we had last year. After allowing for seed and food requirements we shall have a surplus of about 6,000,000 bushels, which will enable us to export about 160,000 tons of breadstulis. These results, compared with the expectations the crops at one time excited, are naturally disappointing. We almost incline to think that if there is an error in them it is on the gloomy side. It is just possible that many correspondents filled up their circulars with an exaggerated impression of the loss they had sustained consequent upon their great disappointment ut not reaping a big yield; nevertheless, whatever allowance the official statistics may show has to be made in this direction the reality of a small harvest has to be faced by all classes. As, iu addition, the price since the coming in of the new wheat has been exceedingly low, there is nothing for it but to prepare for a tight year. If young colonies have many advantages over the old world they also show many marked disabilities. For instance, everything is so conspicuously new about them that one misses the venerableness and respectability which ages of growth have given to older countries. They have no history, no grand old ruins, no wealth of legendary lore, and (worst deprivation of all) no ghost stories. It is true that we arc doing our best in a make-shift sort of way to overcome these disadvantages. We have some passable harbour ruins at Port Lincoln, but they are hardly a success relatively to the amount of money we have paid to obtain them. The Broughton Railway, and a few similar public works, give fair promise also of adding materially before long to our stock of sightly relics of past activity and life. Already, too, in the older districts various deserted mills, abandoned farm-houses, and crumbling cottages do their best to add the charm of venerableness to the landscape. If at times these traces of a bygone era seem insufficient when compared with the monastic and baronial ruins of Europe, there is the compensation that the violent effort of imagination which is necessary to see in them graceful additions to our scenery must give an important iustbetical development to the colonial mind. That this is the case is supported by the fact that we have at last managed to produce a veritable ghost. The honor of this distinction belongs to the South- East. In the neighborhood of llivoli Bay a weird and unearthly visitant—terrible, ghostly, and immaterial—has appeared to two men, uttering the time-honored hideous yell of restless spirits. When it is remembered bow frequently new and unexpected experiences find us unprepared to act with true fitness to the occasion, it is evident that the highest commendation is due to the men for rising instantly to the situation and behaving like experienced ghost-seers. It is declared that their b'ood began to chill and their hair to bristle. Unfortunately, upon the firing of a gun, the ghost eliminated into thin air; but, iu this young colony, we cannot afford to lose him, so it is to be hoped that undeterred by his first rude welcome the grizzly shade will let us hear of him again. Perhaps it would promote mutual confidence and prevent a recurrence of the shooting indiscretion if the Government were to at once proclaim a close season for ghosts. 