ST. LUKE'S CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Luke's Anglican Church which is in course of erection -at the junction of Watkins-street, St. George's-road and Brunswick-st. was performed by the Bishop of Melbourne, on Tuesday afternoon last. This is the second time the memorial stone has been laid. Dr:Perry having performed the former ceremony on December 21,1870: Mr. Weir was the'first who conducted ser vice in the temporary building, and Mr. Guillanme afterwards took charge. The present incumbent is the Rev. B. Rodda. At five o'clock Dr. Moorhouse attended by the Revs. Canon Beecher, J. Caton, C. M. Yelland, R. Barlow. S. Perry, 0. Booth, H. Langley, Bette; Kingsley, and the Incum bent, met the trustees and guardians at the temporary church, and walked in pro cession to the new site where there was a large assemblage of persons, when prayer was offered up, and the 84th Psalm was chanted. The Rev. 0. Booth then read I Chron. xxix. 1-20. and the creed was recited. The Scroll was then read and deposited by Mr. Jobson, Hon. Sec. The following is a copy, viz-"Colony of Victoria \--City of Fitzroy-In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The memorial stone of this church, dedicated to the Worship and Service of the Ever Blessed Trinity. according to the, rites and ceremonies of the Unitd Church of England and called the"C oflSt.--Imke the Evangelist, was relaid on the present site, on Tuesday, the 4th day of Febrnary, 1879, by the Right Reverend Father in God, James Moorhouse D.D., second Lord Bishop of Melbourne, in the third year of his Episcopate andin the 41st year of the feign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. His Excellency Sir George Ferguson Bowen G.C.M.G., D.C.L., being Governor of the Colony. The Rev. Benjamin Rodda being Incumbent. The Trustees being George Smith, Henry Jobson, Thomas Freeman Frederick Cooze. and William Charles Billings. The Board of Guardians being Henry Jobson, Hon. Sec. Thomas Freeman, Hon. Treasurer. George Smith, Frederick Cooze, Richard Alexander Wicks, Amns William Laycock, Lennie Harrison, Thomas Edward Hope, Alfred Terrie O'cock, Thomas Garrett, John Scott, and John Walsh. Architects, Messrs. Crouch, and Wilson; Contractor, James Kennedy; Clerk of works. Martin Joseph McLaughlin; A. E. E. L. Tucker, Esq. M.P. Mayor of the City of Fitzroy. John B. Jones Esq. Town Clerk. God Save the Queen." In presenting Dr. Moorhouse with the silver trowel, subscribed for bythe congregation. Mr. Freeman expressed a hope that the Bishop's arduous efforts would be rewarded with success, and that St. Lake's would be one of the most flourish ing churches in the Diocese. After the laying of the stone the Bishop gave a brief sketch of the history of St. Lake's, since his arrival in the colony, and after passing a high ecnonium on the Incumbent, he con cluded an impressive address by invoking the blessing of God on the undertaking. The rest of the ceremony included singing. and prayer, the usual offertory and bene diction. Messrs. C. Baker sen., and G. Guillanme were present, bat the Mayor of Fitzroy-who was to have spoken-was absent in the country. The anniversary tea meeting afterwards took place in the Temperance Hall, which was crowded to excess, but thanks to the exertions of Mr. Jobson and the ladies everything passed off smoothly notwithstanding the heat. A public meeting then took place, the chair being occupied by the Incumbent who called on the rev. chairman at the con clusion of a neat speech called upon the Rev. R. Barlow whose remarks on the sub ject of church architecture and his flings at some of the churches including his own not sparing St. James' Cathedral convulsed the audience. St Luke's, however (he con tinned) would bean ornament to the locality but he strongly advised them to keep out of debt as he spoke from experience. The rev. gentleman who was loudly applauded was succeeded by the Bishop who complimented his wittyspeech. Dr. Moorhouse ina stirring address, remarked that in these days. when it was asserted that the Church was losing its hold on men, no better answer could be given than the building of an edifice con secrated to the glory of God. As another instance he alluded to the building of a chapel in connection with the college at which he was educated, the young men of which contributed no less than .80.000 towards the fund. He denounced in strong terms the infidelity of modern Germany, but he predicted a glorious future for Christianity. The Bishop's address was listened to with wrapped attention, and he was loudly applauded. The Rev. H. Langley, who was well received, offered a fewremarks on Church music. The Rev. C. M. Yelland delivered a witty speech on "grumblers," and amidst much laughter he related that a member of his congregation had recently told him that his sermons were too long. whilst another had told him they were too short. The grumblers had a disposition to criticise the colonial clergymen, on the score that they were inferior to the English. Whilst speaking on the colonial article, he alluded tothe doings of " Our boys" in che cricket field, the rev. gentleman being vociferously applauded. In the course of his speech he stated the interest he felt in St. Luke's and its pastor. This concluded the business of the evening. Mr. Hope moved and Mr. Jobson seconded a vote of thanks to the Bishop and speakers, which was carried. Dr. Moorhouse returned thanks, referring humorously to the Rev. C. M. Yelland and his "grnmblers." Mr. Cooze moved and Mr. Scott seconded a vote -to the ladies. The chairman responded. During the evening the choir contributed selections of music. After the singing of the Dorology the Bishop pronounced the benediction and the proceedings were brought to a close. The new church will accommodate comfortably 500 people, who will have`lenty of air, by means of tobins, and ventilators, and the cost of the work now in hand will slightly exceed £3000, inclusive of seats and gasfittings. It is to be in the early decorative periodof English architecture, and when completed will be 76ft. long exclusive of lobby and chancel. The portion already begun is 51ft. 7in.long by 45ft. wide, the sidewalls at their lowest part being 23ft. 6in. The floor falls from the entrance to the chancel, so that at the end of the church the side walls will be some 25f t. 6in. high. The church is open to the ridge which is 47ft. high from the floor and finished externally with orna mental iron cresting. The roof is carried on eight ornamental cast-iron columns with foliated capitals, and the principals over same are ornamented with tracery, &c.; of wrought iron work. The front elevation displays a tower and spire at the junction of Watkin and Brunswick.streets, rising to a height of 181ft. and surmounted with an ornamental vane of iron, galvanized and gilded. At the South-east corner, there is a turret having high elevated roof and ornamental cresting. The principal en- trances to the church are under the tower, and turret, and between the two is a paved lobby, 6ft. wide, lighted by four windows with stained glass. Above these and light- ing the church over the lobby is a large mullion window, with small ones on each side, each with geometric tracery. The sides present each four ornamental gables over as many mullioned windows. The material used for the building is bluestone relieved with white pressed bricks and pressed cement. . "Dovur," he said, " I think I was telling you after Icarme home last night about the necessity of some retrenchment in our ex. penditure, was.I not ." "Well, really, I'vPre forgotten, John." she answered noneha. lently, "turn on thephonograph and see." He turned it on, and all it said was, "Waz- zer, whazzer, mazzer(hic), mazzer, what- zer, matzer." 