NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events: - Uncle Tom’s Cabin," at the Academy of Music; billiard match, W. Cook v L. Kilkenny, Craig’s hotel. To-day, Ist July, the anniversary of the separation of Victoria from Now South Wales, will be observed - as a holiday in the Government offices, law courts,; banks, 1 and insurance companies. 1 ': ■ ;! The election of a member for the Legislative Assembly for East Melbourne will taka place to-day. Messrs Zox and Levi are the.candidates.' : 'This evening be entertained) by.the. National Reform Leagues'at a banquet, to 'be 'hold in - Melbourne.' ii..a ; We wero'in etror pn : Monday in stating'that-Mrs Clinton started the machinery of the Golden Belt Company, Springdallah.. It should have been Mrs Lilies, of Argyle, a large shareholder in the company. •A meetingjof those interested in the’working of quartz batteries, • sluicing, dec., and others anxious to have the water-supply continued' at the present rates for mining* purposes, _was held at the Buck’s Head hotel on Monday evening; Mr-R. . Atkinson in the ■chair. -There were about ..a dozan persons present. Some discussion' having taken place with reference to the alleged unfair proposition' on the part of some of . the commissioners to revert back to the old rates, Mr James proposed ,and Mr Lewis seconded—“ That a petition be signed by. consumers of. water, pro tea ting ■gainst the proposal of Or Wilson, and that it foe pre sented'atthe next meeting of the commission. 1 ’ The’ resolution was carried. .<■ It was stated - that'on ! the faith of . the water:being traduced, in.price to id per 1000 gallons, the-Duchess .Company had 'incurred an expense of J!3o.in Water-service pipes, and that Messrs Atkinson and Hill had expended-over £4O in asimilar way. If the commission again rose the price of water. P 6?. 1PO? gallons,—thousands- of tons of stone' ‘Would remain 'untouched in 'tha’ gronnd which under the present rate Would)prove remunerative. Those presen^gt. the, , meeting, distinctly denied, that any battery-owner nad wasted' 'witer'foV ■the'purpesa of washing away tailings. After some discussion, it was resolved that Messrs James, Meyers, Atkinson, and Laviasboultrjfe appointed-'ikdepi|tetioujo wait upon alpthe nejtt\ meeting, for the purpbiip of bilging the viewa/adoptbcfl by the meeting. .A vdtejof t banks to tile ahjgir proceedings. MggSay, w| 14th bamSfixed as the date for hoping ihirevigiop coulftfdfißSllaratshire. \ Alhong thi* politimfcaofeiMif the day is a rumor to the-’-effect-that Ur John Garrett Byrne, of Dunolly, brotherof the late well-known barrister of the same •HSifiSpsitF; wo6'the~Bweet' •:voießr"Of'tha\'elaßtwrof" Avoeajit/theiensuiqg. generalelsctipm-j .-Mpßyrne.isca moderate liberal)-and r a‘ student; of -the school of -Herbert-Spenoer-and-Stewart-Millj-and-in-additionto hia being .an educated.-man./hasi-tha reputation of -being-an-elegant writer;- able- speaker,-and dexterous debater bn the important questions of free trade and protection. Mr Byrne thinks with_Sir Roger de ■CoWriey,'thatl there is mnch'fo lie said onlbothfaiSea. At the Melbourne City Council meeting on Monday there was a lengthy discussion on the proposal for laying down a tramway o’d-the Sydney, road,l the majority being favorable to the..scheme; but Councillors Cur-, tain and Wilks stonewalled the motion, and we learn oj) telegram from J onr : the' <:6uncil' was still sitting at half-past' 11 o’clock p.m. I Mr Levinson, jeweller,'of Sturt street, has now on exhibidoh i myateripus ovqr the indicate and apparently ghostly workings* of which, hundreds of open- mouthed wondersrs exchanged ideas, bad warm words, and laid wagers on Monday. ' As Mark Twain would say, “You can mike one”—that is, such a clock—and this is hoW. it tie . done.'. Procure, as Mr a female about twenty inches* in height. On the top of this figure fix a erescent-ahaped bracket. Then go to the' glazier’s, get a transparent disc of : glass, of say ’ien incbesiir circumference, paint on the bohrs • 'as'' 'bn ;*-•dock dial, /get atoms. ■ end ;r to drill a bole through the centre of the glass,- and riyat.. .0q,,, an hour __,and a minute 'nani You ■'nbW'haVe*'the clbcfe Placb'the'tfans parent'dial in tha 'oreaeant’bracket which just supports* it, ftg son’s clock is precisely as we have described it, and it not only “goes,” but keeps'excellent time. We are not , gbbd af conundrums, so 'do. not intend/toAhazsrd a guess as to the meohanism of the latest puzzle. It is as good as Professoy Anderson’si , it rivals the “ and for further particulars" wa must refer our readers' to' Mr Levihaon'a wiaciow. The “ Ghost” in the person of Mr D’Aroy Retd was. .in:coutt:on Monday morning.- Mr Read'hayingpacked up his army of shades and. spectres, in very comfort able- looking trunks, was on the eve of departure from' Ballarat by train on Saturday evening, and had got as far en route as the:railway,station.-. Here a material porter -Jo the /motley crowd of immortals packed.away in .cerecloths and and, with a supreme and' irfeyeraht ;'cbnte‘mpt 'for'ghosts and. their.-belongings, demanded, .in a very .material fashion,'certain paymenVforaxcasa bf luggage!' -The ghosts slept contentedly.-enough, hut Mr Read was wide awake,and -objected to ...the demand. The porter, ' like, 'a. "’ Roman * "soldier, stood firm to his post,and Mr Read. The latter then essayed to remove the ghosts from the hard lorry,on which Jthey were placed, and some dis pute arose as to the propriety of his doing so. Ulti-< mately some show of force was manifested on each side. The' porter, to quote from Mr Read, gave a shove this way, and the' ghost proprietor gave a.shove the other way; and’afrlast, ..whether, by material force ■qr-ghostly, influence,; ; the porter-found himself'■ hors de combat on .. the ■ broad ;of his 'back, while D’Arcy stood triumphant over the slumbering shades./ : But the’station master 'came- onthe scene, and so did a policeman, not the'white; .shadowy article we have all laughed .at in.'the‘‘Alfred-, hall, who flies off s.withvthe Mother Graball” of the play, . but" ; a ,stout corporeal “blue.”- .He u r,\goe3,Jfor,;;thß’:' ; i ghost, and to quote from one of Mr Read’s' own-- songs, mutters, “ We’ll run him in.” And run'himibthey did, Mr Read, enjoy ing the scene audits denouement as-much as the on -lookers,'• Bail, of course; was not ..wanting,-: and r the 'case came on for hearing' at the City Court on Monday morning./ The behdb, after a patient "hearing, was ,• fullylimpressed with the idea that,: in, the excitement arisiug-frdm a dispute, Mr Read -had- allowed.-his . temper to.get a little, beyond. the proper’ limit, and 'also very likely having'taken into consideration the 5 fact that sometimes railway/porters -arenot as polite', as they might be at the Western station, very pro-’- parly dismissed-the case. ■ V .i! Thanks, to/.the; liberality of Mr./Levinson, watch jnaker,_of Sturt street,_the City Free Libraryjvill, in the course of a day or two, be' furnished With ,an i excellent; clock,.which has been presented- to -the’ in 'stitutibh gentleman'named; 1 J ' ; •; We have received from-Messrs Gordon and Gotoh, Melbourne, the,“A.B.C. Guide’.’.for July, .and notice that arrangements have been made by which they can. now supply ’-bduhtry : -subscribers' -direct’ fro'm : ‘their . office at 6s fid per year-per copy. Those members of the* Smytbesdale Council who ; retire.-in'August Messrs Proctor/.(the mayor), Keith, and Kirk. . , ~ ....... , Thirty-five loads of produce passed through the municipal weighbridge' at Smytbesdale during the month of June.;! 0 V. \- Mr George /Williamson; was fined £2s.and £lrls costafor sly-grbg. /Belling at - the Colac Police - Court on Friday, and the seized liquors ordered to be con fiscated. ' We understand that owing to typhoid fever being in ‘proximity- to the "Ross'-Creek’Statedschool, the Minister of -Edacation purposes' closing it for some time. -- ! , . i a-.:-' , The gentlemen ..engaged in surveying the. line of railway ■from'Ballarat-to , Smytheadale,havingreached Haddon, engaged in making a survey from the latter place by way -of the Trunk Lead to the junction of-the Arafat line, soma 'mile’s from Bal larat. ■; A heartrending case of-destitution (says Monday’s Herald) came under the notice of the authorities this morning; Yesterday a respectable-looking man was noticed in the vicinity of the Flagstaff Gardens, carry ing several pieces of 'firewood under his arms. As he •appeared .somewhat, embarrassed at the. sight of a constable, he was taken to the lock-up' upon a charge of stealing; the.: wood, and on enquiry being made as to his meansof .livelihood, it was.found that.at.hia wretched home, where there waa scarcely an article of furniture, and no food at all, his unfortunate wife was /lying in/hedgin' the last stage of consumption,' and appeared to be greatly distressed with 'the cbld.-~Mr Hill, the city missionary, made enquiries into the case, and .found that /thaman was paralysed, and could.scaacely walk about. He had been for some time out of employment, but coiild not obtain work. pf,any ; abrt, and was in . the act of carrying.tha wood home, with the object of obtaining a little- comfort for the time, at least. The attention of Mr Panton having been called'to the case,' the' man having been arrested upon a charge of stealing firewood, he directed that the poor-box be resorted to. to modify the suffer ings of the I distressed family!, ' A telegram in tfa&Arptw;, dated Horsham, Saturday, says:—“ The prosecution against R. W; Bennett was proceeded with td- day, and concluded at- 4 o’clock, re sulting in Bennett, being committed for trial at' the next General Sessions at Ararat, upon the charge of forging Hindmarsh's £5OO bill. The evidence: showed that Bennett had given no value for the bill, but that ‘he had endorsed it and placed it in the possession of the Colonial Bank, and that the bank had issued a writ upon the-bill; Mr Gaunson, for the defence, made a long address, contending that the prosecutor Hindmarsh was a dummy, and that it would be un just to deprive a man of his liberty upon the in-, credible.evidence.given by him. He also stigmatised the, prosecution as a political one,.a searching enquiry into the affairs of the Colonial Bank, brought by Mr Lobgmore in order that be might throw' the blame ' upon others for the failure of the Land Act under bis administratibb. Bail was. allowed in two sureties of £5OO each, and the accused iu one surety of £lOOO. .Bennett and Ryan (Bennett’s clerk) were then,charged : with forgmg_the.£2so bill purporting to be' made, by Hindmarsh, and which was referred, to in.the.prose cutor’s evidence on Thursday. Hindmarsh's evidence was concluded this evening, / and- the court adjourned .till'Monday; morning, bail being allowed to each pri soner in two sureties of £250 each, and the prisoners in a like amount.” ' ; A .welbknowa repatable, resident of. Colliugwpod has forwarded to us (Telegraph) the following.letter, received from-a--steady, industrious man, which, he remarks,. will substantiate, our paragraph regarding the shameless partiality shown by 'the Commissioner of Public Works in /connection -with the Yan Yean waterworks;'for the writer'of the .letter’ was ’ a pipe layen It further shows that the unjust'system has been in operation for- many months past:—“ Sir, — Begging your, pardon for taking.this liberty; but, Sir, I have been discharged from my employment, by Mr .Patterson, Commissioner of Works, to make room for one of his meb, after me serving them for a number bf_years... I have.only done three weeks’ work tor thislast three months.. T am.walking about day.after , day, but in vain. Only for getting a little credit we ' sureljr should starve. I have house rent to pay, and a .wife.and five children to keep; and hoping, S>r, you will gat.a little relief for me, as I am greatly in need of some.” .■■■ The Aye;iia responsible for : the following:—“The works oh the first section of the Goulburn Yalley line of railway werb ibh 'Satarday-afternoon suddenly brought to a. standstill,', and nearly three hundred men were likely'to'be'thrown but, of employment. The facts of' J tho : that a few' landowners in the district had formed!, a ring te compel the contrao tors to pnrohaaa gravel for ballasting purposes from off their, by to the Landi •DbpaVtmeht''had' auoeseded in'gatting instruc tions issued to the Crown lands bailiff to stop the removal of gravel from the Government reserve at Mangalore, where the contra nearly two miles lone at cS” had laid in ■ t«n the beet W?* cally unlimited. The cuntm^ 9 '"Pplyh n *' l, once.applied to the Railwavn' "*• . Mr Woods immediately ;»! D , a P art meT»i t ' ‘1 works to be proceeded £2s* delay* whilst thp TTn • Without a ths before the Lands WU > l '« -aetipn.o£.the.Ministor of S'. unemployed would certabW creased* and the anneal ■ah- i?* ava been -‘°Jbo contractors to J l h,bosrd would have been fruitleea. tt pdn their men 7s per dav .ms e ® n Pillar vigorously forward." 7> 4ue Poshing tb^b 7 According to .the dot <•. " .ceived. by the various *** W for an early decision in ref«?l Q 6tn ° 6 nU Mm support the projected ColoniaUr* fo ‘be ptoS s Jgr bi nrtkjtd tb.u ijSg for the erection of a haml.,.™, baa been Thames embankment. yanous, .colonies would ha„,i ha P^ueh of a public exhibition. It was eted together .would be purchased the expense of erecting theS- Qwe n«neatw ,th« institution was to tons-would be expected tn P n ' "Wloniea v? towards the erection of the ekee Z otB .of between £3OOO and WOflolSSrtf carrying it on. A reply has bZ », tlw 'WJ ■promoters in London to the efet th .is already spending , large enmk for the International Exhibition of S"P«A ment doea not think it advi.abb t ® ! ' *** into any arrangements for contribn&v;^ of money ; required for the m. 8 i b «H»a Museum.” 9 Proposed Colo-fjj will interest pedeatriani 1 Oeelonff AdvertiserJ that a ' running &th; KrAnged to take place between Geelong, and Allaop. of Melbourne •be;runare 100 yards, 150 yards stakes being £5O a side. L all’rr^vr, 0 •wUl.takie place in Melbourne in riTwMV* I? 8 Ib ra/iintended (says the Ami « ~■ local land boards shall consist aim !' ls t#lD ! officials connected with the L S instead of being partly composed, as members of local councils. One of the 11 to.the expeditious transaction of bntM tion with these boards has been thTj? .?'» private, individuals, when eer ng a ife" * raisauseless objections to the In many oases the objection, were fonndVfe any reasonable grounds, and it became ,p,S their^; purpose _ could only be to impj e , ' > revenue propose to extend the operation of E Tax Act so as to include a numerous class of landowners, whose property is not at present S to taxation. This assertion is entirely without dation. A bill is to be mtroduced duties the mi .session of vParliament for the amendment of the 3 Tax Act, but no such change as that indicated Inlb newspaper in question is likely to be proposed, otto ever been thought of. e “* . are requested to draw attention to an diet,fa in the style of the firm of W. Howard Smith ital ship proprietor, to W. Howard Smith and Soul being observed as a. general hblidij fi. .Wanderers will play a scratch match, to ...1. 2 P-nL -AH members are requested to turn up, as the committee desire to pick ih best team possible, so as to make . good eUndinnjl the CreawickAlberta on Saturday. Sides vffl [, picked by the captain and vicecaptain, and sllphra are requested to wear uniform. 