TOWN TALK. [ . "THE end crowns, the/work," but.to crown' it Tvith crown glass, as is being'done with'the! new museum building; is by no iheans'tb brown; it with i crown .of glory. The principle .of " spoiling'the ship for a 'half-penny worth of I tar" is being exemplifies with regard to the; Museum. Thousands of pounds have'"b'eeh: spent on the front alone of that cosily bnild-; lag, and yet its windows are being filled with; the cheapest glass1 procurable, the: effect being' similar to that of a canvas patch oil a velvet robe. -. . ' i,; KB.. GEOOH drew a touching picture in * the Assembly the other night of Bome unfortunate selectors,- who, during the late drought, :were compelled to . go fifteen miles for. water, 'which,' when, met with, they carried, home in a billy?.! can.. . One would imagine there must be a little exaggeration in this. An individual who, in: this climate, had to. carry a billy,of ..water.to* his house fifteen miles.distant, '.would probably! findhimself compelled to drink the major part: of the fluid before reaching, his destination. A thirty mile trndge.for a billy of water is too' much.,.. Thkre is a genuine curiosity '"7 . Brisbane at ttie present time, 'Alive! I! A curiosity. in comparison with which five-legged calves, hair-, less horsei and pig^faced ladies itremere every-' day commonplaces., Tho.phenomenon.iii.ques-: tion is a landlord , who has, withont being either! petitioned or threatened, hut of his own motion, J and out of. the benevolcnce of,his heart, actually: reduced a tenant's rent. TVefeel.tbat the name of this troly exceptional individcai should .be made known to an wdmiting world, but we hesitate.to publish it fearing tO' bring, ablusbj to its owner's cheek., Modesty and greatness of soul invariably go together. . " ^E2£BES3,of the Assembly were in a most economical frame of "mind on Monday when thoy commenced to vote the Estimates in detail. This is generally the case every session, and it 13 a bad sign. . The more enthusiastic they are for reductions at the start the sooner "they get tired of the thing. Judging from Monday's proceedings in Committee of Supply it is pretty safe to conclude that by t^e time the Estimates are half.way through, all attempts at retrench ment will be given up, and a'week or so after that motions will begin to como in for sums to be placed on the Supplementary Estimates to relieve; compensate, or reward proteges, de pendents, or friends of some of the hon. mem bers or their influential constituents. Almbhen, like legislators of a higher grade, have their little jokes to vary the dull monotony of the Berious buiincas at their meetings! At the last meeting of the.Brisbane Municipal Council, for instance, Alderman Pcttigrew read a paragraph from the report of the Govern- ' ment Engineer of Koads and BridgeB, to the effect that a farmer's horse trotting across the Ipswich bridge caused greater vibration tban a train passing over it.' This tickled another alderman so much that he assured tb# council that a dog trotting across the bridge would cause more vibration than a farmer's horse. It was not much of a joke,. but his brother alder men laughed at it-ju«t to encourage him. A b/vxhwt at Bathurst, New South Wales, ascribes his insolvency to losses in racing, coursing, speculations in booths, and assisting to return members to Parliament. The credi- i tors in the estate must be very unreasonable if they do not accept these as sufficient to ruin ! any man, no matter what hiB means may be- I The " assisting to return members to Parlia ment" is however a mott inexcusable under- ! taking in which for a tradesman to risk money. That insolvent ought to have his certificate suspended for being public-spirited oejond his means. Ten to one that he "assiBted" the wrong candidate, just as ha betted on the wrong horse, backed tho wrong dog, and gave more for booths than their fair market value. ?The burglars . who' viaitedthe Premier earlv last Saturday 'morning"-and' took' throe gold watches, chains, ladies' 'jowfcllory,' - and tei} pounds in caah, no doubt conoluded that they had made a telerably good haul: when they oama.totako stock 'of - the booty. After read ing in tho daily pap'erstbe acoonnts given of the robbery, howoYer,thoy. cannot fail to ho deeply . grieved.'int .having, overlooked/: and -therefore left behind them such a.quantity of much more valuable property.. There was Jit*. Sl'Ilwraith'sjewel case, and-Mr. M'llwraitli's diamond shirt stiids and valuables, aU of: vfhiah ^lay; handy, if thiy..had butjknown it.:,;BurJ-i lars iiqva,their, BM$QWB,,vOTation8,'and disap-l pointmonts like other jgpople. i jf. tie Treasurer moved the other-day; 'forilW.doO.o^kpcpuVtto^rdsiho immediate! expenses ofL.tho public departments, Mr. MUesi disapproved,of the motion, and| thought the! i Government, ehpuldr.vhaye, all, their Estimiit^s "passed beforeashing.furrnoney. ,If this plan were followed" it ^bultl -be rather a desperate; lookout 'for the'Civil. Servants in, these ready, money- times.' Some"of* them and their wives; 'and families, n'ot'to:mention 'their sisters and, their;cousins 'and' their: iunti,: might starve! rwhili> mating for We Estimates to go through,, judgingby'the!rate:of progress oil W«.dnea-| day; 'A lon^sitting-'iti committeo over Buppfy'. ?resulted'iii1 the voting'of the salary of one "official* ' -r : l: :;'"' ' : Ma.: O'Sdleivan 'appear* to have a « craza " on the subject of the pernicioos influence" of Government, employes at elections. He has brought in a bill to prohibit inch persona from voting. . It.is.'icalled:' the' Civil Service Dis qualification -Bill; -but thc firfit'clause provides that!' tio person in theemploymentof the 'Go vernment, whether as Ciril. Servant or other wise, shall have" the right to be placed on the roll of.eUctore.'.' The hon..gantleman;canuo"t object to these people possessing the franchise on tho ground that they, mostly,-vote for the Ministerial: candidate, ior as a. matter of fact they, d? . .not. . PerhapB, the maj ority do not vote as he wishes them, and he wants to reduce, some of the electoral rolls.to moremanageable' proportions, as he, isr,a veteran, .aUctioneerer, more ardent and more accomplished, than tven; the hon; George Thorn'. " THE Courier of Monday last anggesta that stockowners in this part of the'colony might possibly induce Messrs; Tooth and Cran, of Yengario, to-'startcafreshfat thaf place i&thfe; manufacture of Iiiebig's extract, and'in meat preserving. We do not'thint.there is -the ] slightest;probability;of anything of the kind.' These gentlemen started this; industry at Yen garie years ago,iwhen.bmllocks were to be pur chased at £2 10s. per;head, and .sheep in prj portion; but, aa thej;required 2,000 a month,! the price began to go up directly, they, got their works in full swing, and before half the cost' of. the machinery, was, recouped stock ownera demanded rates which wouldh&ve; been! ruinous , to ? Messrs. Tooth and Cran. The machinery, therefore,-had to.be- thrown aside' and sold for bid iron, and sugar refining appli ances set "lip fn its placed They will not try it' again. ^ Tiib-Divisional Boards Bill ii unpopular in the Settled districts,- but nobody need be sur prised at that; - Any one who expected that any section of our colonists would voluntarily tax tliemselres for local public works while there was a ghost of a'chance of getting them car ried out. by the 'Government, must be a very superficial: observer,. or possess a highly san guine .temperament, and email "reflective faculties" IB the r phrenologists would say. But there are a number, of centres of popula tion to whioh ithe Divisional Boards Bill will not be applicable, when it becomes law, yet whioh ought to ooms under the Local Govern ment Act of last session., It would show that the Government are in earnest in their efforts to establish local government, if they were to make a commencement with the Act now in force in places , where tho population is suffi ciently concentrated to justify the step. It would also prov« that local government is not a purely Squatter device, as that Act was passed by tho Liberal. " BCI.lt BOTTOM "- baa an . uncontrollable desire to play si part to tear a cat in, to mako all split,!' and Mr.Morehead only feds happy when he has somebody to " show up." For two or three sessions he' was always showing up the present leader of the Opposition, or threatening to do so.; This session be has devoted himself mors especially to the. showing up of Mr M^ckay, and having completed that task to his satisfaction, or finding he has more talent in his peculiar line than that gentleman gives scope for, ho haB been looking round for fresh Bubjecta to operate upon. On Monday night last be found one, and announced the faot to tho Assembly. Ho said be " intended to show up Mr. Gresley Lukin, of .the Courier-where* Le started from, where he was, what be was doing, and where he was going to." Surely Sir. Morehead .has not exhausted'the Legisla tive Assembly iu the shbwing-upline, and must need fall back upon private persons! ' TiiB'D/amojld,!Hock 'Drill* is rath or iv'soto subject with tVe'Minister for Work*. ' Ho Haa got ono ofHhoae' maclnneg-a *£l;6O0 legacy, from Mr;-Milb£-and* it'haV proved- a; white elephant.':'!Jo has tried to hiro it ont.'but'Ke oannot And:a-hirer. People will' only take it as a giftj or'work' it at' thb' Government ex pense.' t-The drill was, it' appear?, purchased for tho purpose: of linking for, water oil" thfo waferless;.plain& of tliofnr west,: but it' haft been'quitejforgotten that to. work the - machine a first necessary was a good Bupplyi of::water. Afl Mr.'Bai|oy,«wauted £pi,Q00 forrock drill^^) -testreefs§fj'considerablodepths Mr.Macroasaji ^uggeated^tiat hp should hiro fhc white elephant, , ,but Mr. Jfyiley did .not j ump at the ofEer.'-(,r J; :? ; ; t-?1 ?!0 I. " . has1 boen" muoh> cxorciBodoYejr ! the -Crown b-Lands ^Alienation Act of'118iQ .. i Amendment1 BUI. -He expressed a fear that the .Goternmeht . intended;, tor introduce therlahdr .lord system, which, .had1 been the curse r9f .Groat Britain: and Ireland, and ;jvhich :in! ;the}?iasfc I named, country,.-had .brought-the; people do^p | aJmost to .the-lcondition^of 'Berfs..! Hevsai4(hp looked' to:the;time when the^cplony : mighty ruled..by one tof;Queen Yictona's. eons, aq$ when jilr.^Davenpprfc^ior example, might,Jw .created ^Marquis ,of Headington, and. be able, to .lord- Yt"o.yMr hie dependents., He pictured thi Marquis .and. his dike going home,to England and .there^; revising absenteeism, as it i^sed^tp be in Ireland. This is truly alarming, andwocan "only hope with Mr. 'Rutjedge that the attempt will be.nippdd m":the'bud. . The uprising of', a downtrodden peakntry; the annihilatidn/bf landlords)' Nih'iliam, and other 'dreadful tilings, aoggest^thljmBUvea.on reading* Mr. Rutiedge*a rem'arks*on"the Land'Bill^ now before Parlia ment. ;:1" ' ' ...1; ; v/ !jff .THB.stories.thflt mightbe told ofthedodges resorted*- toiibyiland^dummiers infbrderfto comply *Fifo~residenc&t; conditions, Heould^if brought together,, form amoBt interesting, and instrnctiT6: .collectionr;r:Pew^ ofithe -collected stories,"however, wouldL.be likely;to he.aa good .as .that >toJd«byi;the.member for Rosewood: in thpy Assembly;, therother.. night' apropos ^of^he Land Exchange Bill. . Mr. Meston frequently has a stqry anci^nt -or modern-tbe,former fo^ choice-to; tell; the,,House,, but .he icertainly ; mode -hie -btot^effort-on Tuesday.'} Ho,related how. an . indiyidual-a squatter of' course^ took; lip . a...piece of land, .and; howJ;:in order ,to carry , out ^his residence, conditions* he ..built .'.a £10 , hut,. ..and employeda,a schoolboy to light ,a fire, every day as hopaiaai on liia way to school, and to.repleuish it ps_,he returned, and how the man stuck up ki .notice on the* door of the cheap; humpy'Vp.ui-split ting V*' ? This imaginary splitter ' continued, according, .to "Mr. ;Meston, to" split im. aginary"'"slabs "\ every.' day '' for twelve monthfl." That dammier ought to'have gothis deeds without difficulty, if only as axe ward for hia ingenuity .and cptassol impudence. ...;, : ,jrJ . 