BALLAR AT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BALLARAT, May 2. Major Smith is to lecture to-night at the Mechanics' Institute on the virtues of the Berry Government, and is sure to have a good house. The subject is still a popular one with mc?t people, I fear, for popular de lusions last long, and expire but very gradu ally. On Saturday he held a Uvee, at Brophy's hotel, a favorite trysting place of his and divers deputations waited on him. there- I do not know that Brophy is the Major's master, and so I cannot say thattha Major's deputationers bring his master mnch gain by sooth or truth saying, but there hangs to the business, doubtless, some neces sary or unnecessary consumption of good or bad Irish whisky and other potables. For, mind you, in this relation, it may not he said of deputations to the Major at Brophy a, as was wittily said at home, by way of de finition of the word, that "deputation 29 a noun of multitude which signifies many, but does not signify much." I fancy they do eiznifv a good deal to Brophy, if to no- SodS I wonder the teetotallers don't get up a bobbery about making deputations h to a " drnnkery," as they politely name the places where both the poor and the rich meet together and drink their beer. I have this moment learnt that the Major is so ill with heart disease, that he cannot speak to- DlThe greatest of the deputations last wee£ asked the Major to try and get a colonial court of appeal established, and the Major of course, said- he would. He would pro mise to try and abridge the orbit of Uranus if an adequately influential and liberal d e . nutation proferred the request, and I hope as to the appeal court agitation, that some thing will be done to lessen the enormous cost of time and money now inseparable from appeals to the Privy Council. The request for a colonial court involves the idea of federation, and may forward the realisa tion of the idea; . Nothing can stale the infinite variety of the comic humour of the typographer. Witness that rapier-edged jest of your com positors, which they so slOy slipped into my reference to Bishop Thornton's opening ad dress to the Church Assembly last week. The bishop and 1-0 ! right rev bother, pardon the collocation-stated that there are now 43 clergymen in the diocese, as against 40 last year, but the wags in your olke -aid "entlemen instead of clergymen. Sow to be at once orthodox and logical, one must say that clergyman is a gentleman vet a gentleman is not a clergyman, bet how will the rocme in your type room square accounts with all the men in Bishop Thorn ton's wide diocese, who will claim to have t richt to give either the typo or the bishop the lie in regard to the implied census of gentlemen within diocesan bounds! Even if it was held that the census was of Angli can gentlemen only, the estimate would be frighfully insulting to the well-to-do laity of the bishop's communion. I wash my hands of the whole business, but n he bishop does his duty, he will hand the joker over to the secular arm. That is what we have had to do with th? late lessee of the Academy of Mnsic, lend* Dvte He is safe in the arms of 'F. 31. Claxton, assignee." Poor Teddy, he thought he could do a good thing by an essay in theatrical management, and introduced seve ral companies to our notice, including D' A.rcy Head and his ghosts. But, as Bald win used to irreverently say of the spiritual seauce?, "Sometimes the spirits Anllwcri, and sometimes they won't,"' and Teddy? ghosts would not work. At least they would not work iv a financial sense, unless their beiDg credited or debited with haviEg worked Teddy's commercial ruin, may be accepted as good sound working withiu the meaning of the scoffer Baldwin s maxim. The liabilities are Ll.OOO odd, and the de ficit a little over L'JO. But the Academy remains to us, and Baylis opens there next Monday with " Ten nights in a bar room." Our iron fouuders do not take very lively interest in the Sydney Exhibition, it I may jud?e from their conspicuous invisibility at a meeting convened the other day to promote due Ballarat representation at Sydney. But they may wake up yet. Apropos of iron, a company is projected to take up M'DowaU'a agricultural imple ment concern and make reapers and binders, &c;, capital £7,500 in 7,500 shares of £1 each. 