lip® .&*/!» Luke Mivers' Harvest. By N. WALTER SWAN. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Talc. Chapter XXXV. — Me. James Brown relates his Story. The autumn season in Australia is unsurpassed tor beauty by any country in the world. The weary aade, stricken to greyness, as with a blight, catch the charm that clothes the days in stillness. In the cool air the chastened rays fall, with mellow warmth flushing the hills with their soothing, and gladdening the day from the time of its ebbing against the night till nig 'it flows back upon the rose and purple of the sky. On one of these days Mr. Mivers looked out sadly. H ? saw no beauty that could cheer him in the colour th.o sea bore, or in the radiance flooding the valleys. Theliills held shade in their broad furrows, and lay against the bosom of the sky in sleep. The squatter was looking at the chair ?where last he saw his son. His heavy face was dragged, and a 6ore longing was in his eyes. He wondered if he should see another autumn, if the long array of dead days was nearly finished, when the last leaves of his history would be. turned down with all the record written. A servant opened the door quietly. ' Mr. Brown, sir. Mr. James Brown is below, and. wants to see you.' He answered thickly and quickly that he should be sent np, and lay back trembling. When Mr. Brown came in he seemed to have, resumed all his furtive and uncertain ways, and he turned his hat in his hand, as once before he had twisted his 'possum skin cap in the presence of the lonely woman in the hut. He sat down fumblingly, and putting his elbows on his knees, stooped over looking at the carpet. The old man found strength to ask ' Where's my son i' Brown nodded his head, as if Queensland lay at the other side of the street, ' He's over yonder, sir.' ' Ah !' and his voice was shrill with joy. ' Oh, Brown, how can I repay you, and you did it all for me.' Mr. Brown looked up to know the reason of the sudden silence, and saw that tears were dropping on the white beard before him, whereupon he seated himself in another position, and his crooked fingers gripped his hat into a wisp. ' It aint that, sir,' he replied, clearing his voice. 41 Yer mistook. First, Fitzgerald did more nor me, but yer mistook wuss about the boy. Don't take on, sir. 'When I said over there, I meant over in Queensland ; that's where he is safe enough.' The speaker's eyes were shifting, and his rough voice shook down into a whisper, as Mr. Mivers sat up straight and fixed, and looked nt him. ' Luke won't come back then— not to his father — not for all his expectations : neither for home nor money. I might have known he had the stubbornness of the Mivers in him. Brown. So you could'nt prevail on him. Did you tell him how I wanted him — how I'd for give him, and beg his pardon— aye, me, his father ? Did you let him know he should do as he chose if he would but come to me, and let me put my hand on his head, as I used to do when I bought him the grey pony ? Only to see him often — only that. Did you tell him all that, Brown P Surely he would come then. But you did'nt know. You must go back and tell him. I've more money than I wont. You shall have a thousand pounds for yourself and him, just to bring him back with — en, Brown ?' ' Yer wrong again, sir. He won't come no more,' Brown whispered, trying to rub a flower out of the brussels carpet with his iron-shod toe. 44 You can't tell. You don't know the Miverses were all fond of money. I'll show you my will, Brown, before you go. He is left £12,000 a year, and I'll write him a letter to come to me in my loneliness. Oh, he'll come then ; I know him better than you do.' 44 No, sir,' whispering so loudly that he filled the room ; 41 he won't come no more ' ? 11 And I say you don't know. What right have you to tell me, Bir, that my son, my only child, won't come to his father ? You have no right to say it. Don't you see it's a reflection ef undutifulness and hard-heartedness against the boy? Why should he stay therein danger from blackfellows and iever when his home's here, and bis property, and his father? God help me — if he only knew how lonely I am for him ! He wants to know all these things, and he shall, even if you won't tell him.' James Brown, having worked his felt hat into a ball, closed bis hand over it to support him, feeling somehow steadier that he had something to grip, and rose to his feet. 44 Now, 6ir, if ye'll promise for to listen to me, I'll tell ye flU. I ought for to hev broken in on ye afore, but I could'nt.' 41 Listen to you, and you with tidings of my son !' 44 Heavens,' said Brown, his voice trembling in his vast -hroat ; « 1 can't stand this.' *' I beg your pardon, Brown; indeed, I do,' replied the squatter meekly. ' I was wrong.' He looked up waiting respectfully, with the eagerness of his worn soul kindled to hear what Brown had to tell. But the latter was silent. He looked round the room in sore embarrassment, and then dropped his crumpled hat. There was a pretty plaything of a alk-cushioned gilded chair near him.' He put his hand on this, making the fragile seat creak as if in pain, and he sat down, though it swayed below his weight. 14 No, sir, poor Luke aint a goin for to come back no , more. We found him on the Palmer track, all mad with fever, an we took him along of us on our horses. He come like a baby, wonderin like, but he never spoke to us from the timewelefthegr ? the blackfellows ; only now an again he'd ask no questions, an fall to ravin. We rode along of like this for two days an nights, keepin him warm in the dews, an givin him water, an straight up through Brisbane streets to the 'ospital. We never left him, neither on us, for the week. When the week was over, an — an he bid us good- bye, an thanked us, an asked yer forgiveness of him,— so he fell off to Bleep, an woke no more. We carried him over, did Bryan an me, to the grave we dog : an when the parson read the book we put the clay down on the coffin 6oft e'it lie were only sleepin, till the grave was filled. There's where Luke is, an that's why I say he aint a comin no more— an may God help yer, sir. There's the whole story we've got to tell.' The marks the years had made in Mivers' face trenched deeper as the story went on. It wore a flabby stillness, but there was a change to greyer grey, and a distance gathered in his dim dark eyes as though he was following him out over the sea to the journey down to the hospital and to the softly heaped earth. He had settled himself back to hear the tale, but the tears dried in his eyes, and he slowly bowed before the weight of the tidings. Something on his coat-sleeve caught his attention, and he brushed it away with care. There was a little table beside his elbow ; he put his hand upon it, and trembled out a tattoo with his fingers. __ Then it appeared that something startled him, when he^turned round to Brown and looked at him. Hie white hair lay smoothly back from his forehead, but he put up his hand to smooth it more in patient silence. So at intervals his hand would wander up to his forehead and over his hair again and again, but he gave no speech. Brown sat on the gay, yielding seat, looking at him from below his brows, and waiting. At his feet lay the crushed hat. This caught Mivers' attention too. He looked at it, and then at the man before him, striving to connect thorn somehow. 41 I've got the tilings here wot I took after he died. There's clothes in a parcel at the door there, an here's his bits «' things ' — the man's voice came to softness and reverence now — ' I thort it 'ud be well for to bring ye this too.' . ° 'This' was an envelope, which the speaker opened solemnly, whence he took a long lock of black hair with white threads through it. 'I cutit off of him myself, sir, just afore they put him in the coffin.' He held it over— 'There it is.' Mivers looked at the hair and the giver, and put his hand forth and took it. The lock curled ronnd his finger when he patted it with the palm of his other hand softly and continuously. ' This here, sir, is his ring.' He took that also. ' And this bit paper,' laying it on the little table; 'his knife an. things are in it. He had 263 sovereigns in his belt at the 'ospital, leavin after burial an doctor's expenses 231, which ye will find in this here paper.' He put the gold on the table beside the rest. _ Mivers was patting and stroking the hair in his hand, listening to the speaker vaguely, when some movement of the man shook the table, inlaid with its gaudy flowers of pearl, and the paper of gold fell to the floor and broke. The bright coins rolled away from his feet, but, turning on their course, settled round him in a yellow swarm. 44 Do you see that, Brown ? That's gold— that's what I have made. I used to think it could do everything ; so it should for me, by the way I fought for it. There are wages there that ought to have been paid; there's justice kept back there that ought to have been given, and there are curses there. Look.' He opened his hand, holding out the hair and the ring — ' There they are — the curses.' The soft autumn crept in upon the occupants, and lit the room with sun, spreading and diffusing itself through the heavy furniture, playing against the big-framed pictures and the wrecked face of the rich. man. It touched the ring and the gold alike, as it shines on the just and the unjust, from the bent bky above, from off the spread waters below, from over the hills beyond, from past the plains and the farthest rivers, giving glory and joy aU the same, for all the wickedness and wrong. And in the mellow light of one of the fairest days the world sees, amongst all the luxuries the world can offer to wealth, with all the homage it has to give — waiting to pay daily devotion to him — Luke Mivers sat with the lock oi hair and the ring, beseeching James Brown, the convict, with childish earnestness, not to leave him in his loneliness. He had his friends there, and one \ras a girl he loved, but his past was rising and turning upon him, and he feared it. (Brown, who knew much of it, seemed to him the one remnant of it all, through whom perhaps might be found some place in repentance. There was so much hopelessness in the face below the smooth frosted hair, that Brown remained on the slender chair, and bent his shaggy face near him, straightening out his shapeless hat. With his breadth of chest and huge limbs above the bright carpet, he stopped by him, as shadowing him with his strength. ' You remember when I was at your hut a short time ago, and when you refused to take my hand.' 44 Hisht, hisht,' said his companion, holding out his seamed palm. And the rich squatter, revered of all men, with the gold lying at his feet, and the sumptuous paraphernalia of elegance around him, put his soft hand into the proffered hand, and the bunioned fingers closed over it kindly. 44 If I could see some of the old servants — some of the old shepherds whov helped mo to get money (for they all did) that you know of — they might let me assist them. Surely there are some alive — all have not gone before me with stories of hardship or wrong.' ' Sir, I promised to help ye if I could.' .. CHAPTER XXXVI.— Me. Pelan comes to Grief. When Mr. James Brown set out for the rows of villas and architects' devices in stucco, with his hat jrawn over his face, his long stride, and his mournful parcel. Mr. Fitzgerald sauntered where another Architc i had spread the seas and built the skies above the waters and the hills. He turned amongst the rocks and stood alone. The bay lay throbbing before him like a jewelled breast below the robes the day had dressed it with. Fresh smells swept round him, till the voiceof Helen Mi versseemedtocomeagam, without which the great antiphon of the breathing ocean would have lost the grandeur of its lulling sounds. Another step was being then covered by the noises and mingling with the breaths of the curling waves. Miss Mivers had chosen times for walking by the beach when the sands were lonely, in the hope of missing Pelan and finding the pleasures she sought without companionship. She flushed with annoyance to see the form of a man against the rocks on the spot where she always lingered, and stood irresolute beside the sea plashing on the stones. It was not the slender figure of the pale winner of racing events, but a bold outline of physical strength. She walked slowly on without scrutiny, and wondered to hear the feet of the loiterer make speed to where she was. Miss Mivers turned her face in the direction of the sound, and her look changed to one of glowing welcome and great joy. 44 When did you come back, Bryan?' To him her voice gave a softer murmur than the riplets at her feet. ' Only to-day, and straight down here, hoping I might see you.' His emotion put colour into his dark face as he caught her slender hands in his, beneath the shelter of the rocks, and kissed her. ' And you have come back safe and well? ' Voice and face and eyes all asked together. There was joy at his return in them, and there was the gladness at his felt presence. 44 And you were successful ? ' ' Yes, I was successful.' But her eyes wondered at his voice, and she sat down and listened to the. long sad story, and on this he told her the history of bis past, holding back no circumstance of his life that be could remember. Then he waited in fear. He had not before seen her look so proud, as she turned her firm face upon his, with the haughty curve.in her neck, and the queenly meaning in her figure ; but her brow was clear, and the speaking in her eyes as eloquent as before. Then the rare smile he knew came back, and she placed her cool hand on his. 44 1 believe every word you have told me, Bryan, or you would not have told the tale. I have nothing to forgive. Women's hearts are not easily won or easily lost. Love for a mother is a sacred thing, and the strongest motive on earth. I can understand the power that was your weak ness in the temptation, and is your strength now.' And he ? He felt as if some breathless effort had placed him safe at her side at last. 44 Through the months which have passed I shivered back in fear from telling you all my history, but I felt I was winning you in disguise, and that my hold on you therefore might be unloosened and flung aside at any moment.' The day wore on, with its shades and colours, and its stretching shadows, and the sea crept in with, voices from afar. It jangled and pushed its sounds before it as birds throw songs upon the air. Upon the plains the haze of yellow mist was gathering, and the day joined two shadows on the smooth strand, where were gleams of spray and rainbow hues from shells and resting foam. ******* Those gentlemen of Mindorf who joined the hunting club deemed it a point of honour, because calculated to enhance their reputation in soorting circles, to mount scarlet coats and top boots. 4- It was not,' said the presi dent, ' that they could not ride as well in anything else, bnt because it gave them a distinct appearance in the field at a large meet, and showed they were members. With this knowledge upon them they would gallantly ride at raspers or face the most formidable logs, knowing that they carried on their respective backs the reputation of Mindorf— a reputation which, from the fearlessness already displayed, would enable them to hold as high a position in. the estima tion or all bold horsemen and true sports as did the members of the Melbourne Hunt Club.' Pelan had been made an honorary member, and attended a long-discussed meet on a strong black. He was anxious for a wild gallop, to brace his nerves after a hazardous night at cards, and others like him were waiting and willing for the excitement the danger gave. Kocky Point, the place of rendezvous, was famed for its ugly fences and the generally uninviting and obstructive appearances of all its other features. There were heaviness and frowns among the clumps of leafy trees. The grey river, that ate the rocky lands and plain, gave sullen noises in its journey to the sea, and the lazy clouds threw dusks upon the lands as they moved slowly on the sky. It was a grim sunless day, that dropped mists among the gorges, or trailed them along the plains, keeping the country voiceless. There was no brightness. There were the thin bleached grass, the harsh rusty foliage, and hills where mossed stones were pattered on bv falling water. When Pelan saw Miss Mivers present and escorted by a gentleman, he would have turned to speak to her, but the cries ran out and hung upon the air a moment like an un willing cloud. The 6ouna of horses' feet boomed over the sod as the field started for the quarry. The straight goers bent to their work, knowing that those who would be in at the death would not find the ride child's play, and they pulled their caps down and settled in the saddle. The first few fences were flown by the leaders, and the work of the day began. Miss Mivers and Fitzgerald rode leisurely to points of observation whence they could obtain easy views of the chase, and they saw that every jump was 6ifting the field till there was but a little group of horsemen together, and behind, at long distances, the chaff were galloping hurriedly about for easy jumping. Near to Pelan was a little sun-dried man, mounted on a bay, showing all the strength of his powerful muscles at work, and taking his leaps with the ease of a true flyer. The others were close, and fence after fence was put past without thought of turning. Each barrier, as it rose, but showed the reins grasped more carefully, and maybe a paler shade on some of the faces. So the field swept on. The bay on Pelan's left seemed only greedy for the run, being ridden by the light horseman, with all the skill of a practised fielder. One ugly rasper with a roll of brush before tho rails was met. The hay skimmed it, followed by the black, who hit one of the posts with an ugly bat, and then on unto the grey mist. At a wide creek the bay led, and the black too found the opposite bank in a loose bewildered way, both followed by not more than half a dozen horsemen ; then along the shoulder of a bare hill, and down a gully, where the flood had piled up brushwood and crooked limbs of trees against a line of posts and rails running down tho centre, till it shallowed on the plain. There was not a rider there per haps who did not wish he was in some other country ; and Pelan, who looked from his path for a moment, saw a little group before him waiting to see the obstacle cleared. He wrongly concluded that Miss Mivers was amongst them, and, putting his teeth together, gripped the saddle closer with, his knees. His black showed signs of rolling, but the brood-breasted bay was as steady as ever. The latter rose fiercely against the debris toothed with the wry limbs, and landed safe. Pelan brought his horse at it with all the care and coolness for which he was known, but the hunter wa6 unable to gather himself —ho rose wildly, striking some timber with a blow that reached tho ears of the spectators, and the Ace of Clubs landed with his breast upon the turf and rolled over his rider. Two or three others passed the gully» and the run went on beyond the group of trees to be seen standing behind the mist like ghosts. The black horse rose after a time, but the rider lay where he fell, with blood upon his lips. There was clay on his face and nervous hands ; clay was giound into the setting of his diamond ring, and matted on his beard. When it became known that Mr. Pelan, the sporting man, was dangerously hurt in the hunting field at Mindorf, the excitement amongst tho brotherhood of fair play was of a nature that spoke highly for their hearts and general kindliness of disposition, would the horses he had entered run ? was the consideration that shook them as the wind shakes a wheat-field, and over this they jostled their heads in grave concern while drinking dismally to his. speedy restoration, not knowing what to do. Mr. Damim tele graphed to the hotel where he was staying for bulletins concerning his health. ' Pelan seriously hurt,' ' Pelan, signs of convalescence,' 'Pelan very critical,' occupied the board that told the victory of Mars not so long ago. Some would have taken a run up, but the doctors denied visitors admission to the patient's room. The newspapers related the accident with minute details, and away over at Narr gummie it was known that the winner of the Metropolitan was dangerously bruised and like to die. Mr. Mivers had inquiries made daily, and the whole Mindorf community were unitedly anxious concerning him. Yet there was a certain kind of satisfaction in the knowledge that their own club chose country for their meets where the most accom plished of horsemen would find there was danger. They were not carpet sportsmen, these Mindorf gentlemen, and the world would know it now. The accident, moreover, had put the Mindorf Hunt Club into all the papers, and if poor Mr. Pelan was badly hurt, it was undeniable that they had gained notoriety. 