.. &T;I? U.P TH E LIfT. [BY mun FUGITIVE.1 BKING weary of the dullness and monotony of life in the Mnaitland die. trict, I thought a ohange of scene would be the means of restoring me to a proper state of feeling and good apirits accordingly I set out for Murrurundi from Maitland on Thursday morning, having been previously commissioned to further the sale of tickets for an Art Union drawing, shortly to come off in the Newcastle district, which said, Art Union your readers will do well to invest in forthwith, should they deem it desirable to run the risk of being presented with a real live thousand pounds about the latter end of Feb. aruy. From Maitland to Singleton nothing unusual took place that would create anything like a seonsation. I had for companions a commorcial traveller, a timber merchant, a weather beaten votary of acchus, and last, but not lea-t to some people'eidea in the present day, a Heathen Chinec, who evidently ciahed himself in the next carriage, as ,our Bacohanalian friend would persist in discussing the question of Chinese iunmigration. The timber merchant lest us at one of the first stations, but before doing so informed us that he was organising an expedition to capture the Four Mile Creelk ghost, in which he cor dially invited as to join, but I grace fully declined, Lot caring much for the society of ghosts. The grass and crops on the way to Singleton appear to be considerably freshened by the rain which fell last week. At Minimbah, about four miles before you reach Singleton, there stands out prominently the colossal mansion of D. F. Mackay, Esq., recently completed :,t a cost, I am informed, of £30,000. The building is truly a magnificent one. It can be well seen from the railway, avd makes one fancy it is a grand. thing to be rich. The tewn of Singleton is at present very qliet; nothing much stirring in the shape of news. After passing thenight in Singleton, I contipued my journey by the mail train in the morning, and reached Mluswellhrook in due time, nothing un u-ual having transpired on the journey. The town of Muswellbrook is a prettry little one, and has several very sub stantial public buildings, also some very fine stores and hotels. The M2echanics Institute is a very imposing edifice, and has a large hall for concerts, &c.; The Court house, and Post and Telegraph oilice, will bear favourable comparison with others in the Northern district. The Episcnpalian church is a substantial stdhe structure, has a very high steeple, and it ranks among the best of its class of buildings in the North. The Public School is at present conducted in the Wesleyan Church, which is scarcely large enough to accommodate all the children now attending, but I am informed that a contract has been let for the erection of a new school, which, when completed, .ill be ample for requirements. The streets of the town are in very g od order. The country around is very mountainous. At present the town is very quiet, and there is a general com plaint, like everywhere else along the line, of the general depression in bust nets. The weather is very dry, and :rain is badly wanted. Although it ifned heavily down your way on Sat urday and Sunday last, there was scarcely any worth speaking of In Muswellbrook. Anent the Chinese question, from what I could hear I am strongly of opinion that the sympathies of the people here are not with the Cielestials, but, on the other hand, more inclined to lean to our jolly British tars. I continued my journey by the 4 p.m. train to Murrurundi. it is very slow travelling by this train, but then it affords one a capital opportunity of viewing to their hearts' content the truly magnificent mountain scenery along the route. On the way the train pansses through the domains of some of the squatting community, whose land extends for miles back on either side of the railway. I saw very few farms, A?boughl much of the ground Is suitable for ag-,altural purposes, and would in fact erow almnst anything, but It is absorbed In the rearing of cattle and sheep, numerous hoods of which can be 1seen along the route. The town of J"mo is a comuact little place; it con tainsB- ii,miital and other public build. ings. A'llci~'~ Attl vlllage. 1Ti in. out of-the way thi Hunter here is worty bridge over is subectntidly built, aood"tic; ~it impostahg piece of ardltcclture. Auother bridge is now being erected for dray trafio, but' oto_0 8afe character as the railway dge; it is a wooden structure supportt by strong piles. At Wingen, judag from itR appearance, agriculturalp uits see~ to be more engaged in thin at other ~Pacei along the line. observed 'sevrai haystacire, ana aisou paddocka, under cultivation. The train reached Murrurtindi at about 7 p.m., and I. at once repaired to Host Nicholi's, where about the fi:st I heard was a few natives of the green island discussing the nowall.important Ohinete question Having attended to the re quirements of the inner man, I had a walk cut through the town, .which, by the way, was very quiet, and looked as if every one went to bed as soon as it was dark. Mlurrurundi, like many other places, went hack considerably once the iron horse left it behind. The streets are very good, and, as almosc every one is aware, the town lies in a valley, and is surrounded by mountain ranges, which, iii the evening as they appear looming against the sky form a scene of beauty in every sense of the word. The tops of these ranges aro'a favourite resort for pleasure seekers, as splendid views can be obtained of the surroundo ing country from them. There are plenty of hotels and business places. I The public buildings are of a substantial character. There is one newspaper, the Tmnes.-a- very well conducted paper, where I called and found everyone as busy as bees, getting ready for the next issue. Bu-iness is generally dull in the town, and rain is much needed. 