gitata &-$amt.- THE CLOVEN FOOT. BT MISS BRADDON, Attthob of ' Last Audlkt's Sbgbbt,' &c;, &c;» ifubtfabed by special arrangement with tbe Author* All rights reserved.] Chapteb XXXV.— On a Voyage op Discovery* After pitching and tossing all night in a manner painfully suggestive of shipwreck,. John Treverton and his faithful solicitor arrived at St. Malo early in. the afternoon,, where the comforts and luxuries of that most [comfortable hotel, ' The Franklin,' were peculiarly grateful after their cold and dreary passage. There was no train to carry them to Auray that afternoon, so they dined Bnugly by a glorious wood fire in a private sitting room, and discussed the difficulties and dangers of John Treverton's position over a bottle of Chambertin with the true violet bouquet. Throughout this long conversation Tom Sampson showed himself as shrewd as he was devoted. He seized the salient points of the case; fully measured all its difficul ties, saw that sooner or later John Treverton might be arrested on suspicion of his wife's murder, and would have to prove himself innocent. Sampson, as well as Treverton^ had seen how much malice there was in Edward Clare's mind, and both foresaw the probability of that malice being pushed still further. ?*If we could only prove that your first marriage was invalid we should get rid at. once of aiiy motive on your part for the murder,' said Sampson. ' You could not prove that I knew my first marriage to be invalid,' answered Tre verton, 'unless you are going to try to prove a lie.' 'I don't know what I might not try to do, if your heck were in danger,' Tetorted Sampson. ' I shouldn't stick at trifles,, you may depend upon it. The grand thing will be to find out if there was a pre vious marriage. After your story about the sailor at the morgue, I am inclined to hope for success.' u Are you ? Poor Sampson !. I strongly suspect we are goicg in search of a mare's^ nest.' They left St. Malo next morning, and ar rived at Auray early in the afternoon. They were jolted down a long boulevard from the station to the town in an omni bus, which finally deposited them at the Pavilion d'en Haut, a very comfortable hotel, where they were received by a smiling landlady, and a pretty chamber maid in a neat black gown, trimmed with. velvet, a cambric cap a3 quaint as a nun's headgear, and apron, collars and cuffs of ihe same spotless fabric. Aa Tom Sampson's knowledge of the French language wa3 that of the average schoolboy, he naturally found himself un able to understand the natives of an obscure port in Brittany. He was with his client n the capacity of adviser, but it behoved. Ills client to do- all the work-. 'Well, my dear fellow,' said Treverronr when they had deposited their travelling bags at the hotel,, and were standing in the empty market- place,, looking round them somewhat vaguely, ie here we are, and what is to be our first move now ~we are here ?' 'I should think about ths test plan would be to go to the churches and examine 'the registers,' suggested Sampson. 'I.. suppose you know vour firsfr wife's real name ?' *' Not unless it was Chicot — I married her under that name.' i( Ghicot,' repeated Sampson, dubiously,. ' It sounds rather barbarous, but it's nothing to the names over the shops, here. I never saw such crackjaw cognomens. Well, we'd better go and look up all the registers for the name of Chicot.' ' That would be slow work,' said Trever ton, thinking of the sweet young wife ak home, full of fear and trouble, left to brood upon her sorrows at that very time when life ought to have been made bright and happy for her, a time when her mind might be most prone to despondency. He had written Laura a consoling letter from St. Malo, affecting a hopefulness he did not feel; but he knew how poor a con solation any letter must be, and he was longing to finish his business and turn hi* face homewards. 'Can you suggest a quicker way?-r asked Sampson. ** I think it might be & better plan to find-: out the oldest priest in the parish, and question him. A priest in such a place as this ought to be a living chronicle of the lives of its inhabitants.' ' Not half a bad idea,' said Sampson, ap provingly. 'The sooner you find vour priest the better, say 1.' ' Come along', then,' said Treverton, and they went up the steps of a church near at hand, and into the dusky aisle, where a few scattered old women were kneeling in the winter gloom, and where the sanctuary lamp shone like a red star in the distance. ' What would they say at HazelhuTst if they could see me in a Koman Catholic Church?' thought Sampson. ' They'd give me over for lost.' John Trevarton walked softly round the church, till he met with a priest who was just shutting up his confessional, prepara tory to departure. He was a youngish. man, with a good-natured countenance, and acknowledged the stranger's salutation with, a friendly smile. John Treverton fol lowed him out of the church before he ventured to ask for the information he wanted, and then he explained himself as briefly as possible. ' I have come from England to obtain in formation about a native of this town,' he said. 'Do you think that among the priests connected with your church there is any gentleman who can remember the events of the last twenty years, and who would be obliging enough to answer my questions ?' 'Most certainly, Monsieur, since I ap prehend your inquiries are to a good end.' ' I can give you my own word for that^ This gentleman is my solicitor, and, if h& could epeak French, or if you could speak English, he would be able to vouch for my respectability. Unhappily he cannot put half-a-dozen words together in your charm ing language. At least, I'm afraid he can't. Do you think you could tell this gentle man who I am, Sampson ?' John Treverton asked, turning to his ally. Mr, Sampson became furiously red in the- 182 ? iace, $md blew out his cheeks like a turkey \- ?cock. . : u Mon ami, Monsieur,' lie Lagan with a desperate plunge. ^ ' Er, nion ami est bien \- aich homine, bien a faire,le plus fort riche nomine dans notre part ae la campagne. II * un grand e'tat, tres grand, je suis— son lawyer — comprenney «on avocat.' The priest expressed himself deeply con vinced of the [honorable position #f both travelleis, though he did not comprehend why a man should go wandering about the ? -country with his advocate. He then went on to tell John Treverton that his superior, Father le Mescam, the \- cure of the parish, had been attached to that church for the last thirty years, and -could doubtless recall every event of im ,. portance that had happened in the town during that period. He was likely to know much of the private history of his congre gation ; and as he was the most amiable of men, would doubtless be willing to com municate anything which a stranger could iave the right to know. ' Sir, you are most obliging,' said John Treverton; 'extend your courtesy still further, and bring Father le Mescam to ?dine with nie and my friend at six o'clock 4his evening, and you will weigh ine down ?with obligations.' ** You are very kind, sir,' murmured the priest. ' We have vespers at five — yes, at -six we shall be free. I shall feel much ^pleasure in persuading Father le Mescam to accept your very gracious invitation.' **A thousand thanks. I consider it settled. We are staying at the Pavilion d' ~en Haut, where I suppose if a man cannot -dine, he can at least eat. 'Sir, I take it upon myself to an3wer for the hotel. As a type of the provincial ?cuisine the Pavilion -Fen Haut will prove itself worthy of your praise. You shall not be discontented with your dinner. I pledge myself to that. Till six o'clock, sir.' The Yicaire lifted his biretta and left ihem. u It will go hard if I cannot find out something about my wife's antecedents from a man who has lived thirty years in Auray,' said John Treverton, as he and his companion walked down the narrow stony street leading to the river. 'So T-eautif ul a woman must have been remark able in a place like this.' ' Judging from the specimens of female loveliness I have met with so far, I should say very remarkable,' retorted Sampson; for, with the exception of that pretty « chamber-maid at the Favillong dong haw, I haven't seen a decent-looking woman since we left Saint Mallow.' They went dewn to the bridge, Sampson hobbling over the stony pathway and vehe mently abusing the vestry and local board of Auray, which settlement he appeared to -think was governed exactly after the manner -of our English country towns. They crossed the bridge, and went to look at an old church on the other side of the river, where the fisher folk had hung models of three-masters and screw steamers as votaTV offerings to their guardian saints; then they recrossed the bridge and went up to an observatory on a hill above the little town, and surveyed as much as they could sf e of the landscape is the gathering winter gloom ; and then Mr. Sampson, who might possibly have been impressed by Vesuvius in a state of eruption, but who had not a keen eye for the quaint and picturesque on a small scale, proposed that they should go back to their hotel and make themselves ?comfortable for dinner. 'I should like a wash if there's such a thing as a cake of soap in the place/7 said the lawyer, ' but from the appearance of the Inhabitants I should rather suspect there wasn't. Soap weuld be a mockery .for some of them. Nothing less than scrap ing would be of any real benefit.' They found their sitting-room at the iotel bright with wax candles and a wood fire. Mr. Sampson nearly came to grief upon the beeswaxed floor, and protested -against polished floors as a remnant of bar barism. Otherwise he found things more civilised than he had expected, never before having trusted himself across the Channel, jand. being strictly insular in his conception of f oregin manners and customs. u I should hope the old gentleman who is to dine with us can speak English,' he said; 'he ought at his time of life.' 'But if he has lived all his life at Auray?' ' Well, no doubt this is a sink of igno rance,' asserted Sampson. ** I daresay the stupid old man won't be able to understand -«, word I say.' The two priests were announced as the great clock in the Market-place struck six, \- town time, while the clock on the mantel piece followed with its shriller chime. ^'Father le Mescam, Father Gedain,' said iihe pretty chamber-maid in most respectful tones, and thereupon the two gentlemen entered, neatly dressed, clean shaven, smil ing, and having nothing of that dark and sinister air which Tom Sampson expected to discover in a Popish priest. Father le Mescam was a little old man, ?with a quaint comical face, which would have done admirably for the first grave digger in Hamlet; small twinkling eyes, full of sly humor ; a mobile mouth, and a jjert little nose, coeked up in the air, as if in good-humored contempt at the folly of human nature in general. ' I am extremely obliged to you for the kindness of this visit, Father le Mescam,' said John Treverton, when the Vkaire had presented him to his superior. ' My dear sir, when a pleasant-mannered traveller asks me to dinner, I am only too sjlad to accept the invitation,' answered the priest, heartily. 'A whiff of air from the outside world gives an agreeable flavor to life in this quiet little corner of the universe.' 'Lord have mercy on us, how fast the old. chap talks,' exclaimed Sampson, in wardly. 'Thank goodness, we English men never gabble like that.' And then, determined not to be left altogether out of ihe conversation, Mr. Sampson pulled him self together for a bold attempt ; he gazed Ijenignantly at Father le Meseam, and shouted at the top of his voice — 'Fraw, Mossow, horriblemong f raw.' The little priest smiled blandly, but shrugged his shoulders with a serio-comic helplessness. * Non moing, c'est saisonable temps pour le temps le temps de 1'ong,' pursued Samp son, waxing bolder, and feeling as if all the French he had acquired in his school days was pouring in upon him like a flood ? of light. Father le Mescam still looked dubious. u Well,' exclaimed Sampson, turning to John Trevertem, 'I've always heard that , Frenchmen were slow at learning foreign languages; but I could not have beiieved they'd be so disgustingly stupid as not to understand their own. Upon my word, Treverton, I don't see any reason why you should explode in that fashion,' he remon strated, as Treverton fell back in his chair in a fit of irrepressible laughter. ' Allong,' cried Sampson. 'Voyci le pottage; and I'm blessed if they 'havn't emptied, the breadbasket into it,' he exclaimed, con templating with ineffable disgust the lumps of bread floating on the surface of a thin broth, 'which the lifting of the tureen cover had just revealed to his eye. Venez dong, Treverton, si vous avez fiinai de faire un sot de voter meme, nous pouvons aussi bien eommencer.' 'Mais, oui, Monsieur,' cried the cure, enchanted at understanding about two words of this last speech, and beaming at the Englishman in a paroxysm of good rature. 'Oui, oui, oui, monsieur, com Tuen^ns, commen^ons. C'est tres bien dit.' ' Ah,' grunted Sampson, ' the old idiot is inspired when one talks about his dinner. If that bread and waterish broth is a speci men of the kewsine of this hotel, I don't tbink much of it,' he added. Poor as the soup was in appearance, Mr. Sampson found it was not amiss in flavor, and when a savory preparation of some un known fish liad followed the soup tureen, and a fricassee of fowl and mushroom had replaced the fish, he began to feel at peace with the Pavilion d'en Haut. A leg of mutton from the salt marshes completed his reconciliation to provincial cookery, and a dish of vanilla cream raised his spirits to enthusiasm. The two priests enjoyed their dinner thoroughly, and chatted gaily as they ate, but it was not till the dessert had been handed round by the brisk serving maid, and a bottle of Poniard hai been placed on the table, that John Treverton approached the serious business of the evening. He waited till the chamber-maid had left the room, and then, wheeling his chair round to the fire, piled with chesnut logs, invited Father le Mescam to do the same. Mr. Sampson and Father Gedain followed their example, and the four made a cosy circle round the hearth, each nursing his glass of red wine. ?* I am going to ask you a good many questions, Father le Mescam/' began John Treverton. 'I hope you won't think me troublesome or impertinently inquisitive. However trivial my inquiries may seem, the result is a matter of life and death to me.' 'Ask what you will, sir,' answered the cur-5; 'so long as you ask no question which a priest ought not to answer, you may command me.' Chapter XXXVL — Ejsbgabiou's Wipe *' Father le Mescam,' said John Trever ton, ' do you ever'remember hearing of a girl who left this town a laundress to be come afterwards a celebrity in Paris, as a stage dancer ?' . 'I ought to remember her,' answered the cure, looking [somewhat astonished at the question, /'for I baptised her; I pre pared her for her first communion, poor soul ; and I married her.' John Treverton started from his chair, and then sat down again profoundly agi tated. Sampson was right. Yes; there had been a previous marriage. Yet it might be too soon for exultation. The first husband might have died before La CMcot came to Paris. ' Are we talking of the same woman ?' he asked ; ' a girl who was known as Made moiselle Ghicot.' s ' Yes,' answered Father le Mescam, 'that was the only woman, who evfcr left Auray to blossom into a stage dancer. Ours Is not a soil that freely produces that kind of flower. I have good reason to re member that girl, for I was interested by her singular beauty, and I felt anxious for the safety of her soul amidst the snares and temptations to which such remarkable beauty is subject. I did my best to teach her — to fortify her against all future dangers; but she was as empty within as she was lovely without. I hardly know whether ene ought to consider such a crea ture responsible for all her errors. Hers was a case of invincible ignorance.; The Church has to deal with many such charac ters — the heart hard as stone, the intellect a blank.' ' Whatf s he jabbering about ?' said Tom Sampson to his client. ' You look as if you had found out something.' 'Wait, my dear fellow, I am on the point of making a discovery. You were right in your guess, Sampson ; there was a previous husband.' 'Of course,'cried Sampson, triumphantly. ' My surprise in the case of a woman of that kind would be to discover only one previous husband. I should sooner expect to hear of six.' ' Holdfyour tongue,' said John Treverton authoritatively, and then he refilled Father le Mesdam's glass before he proceeded with his enquiry. ' You say you married La Chicot?' 'She was not La Chicot when T married her, but plain Marie Pomellec, the eldest daughter of a drunken old fisherman down by the quay. Drink was hereditary in her family. Grandfather and great grand father, they had all been drunkards. The children had to shift for themselves from the time they could run. I think thatmay have helped to meke them hard and cruel, though some sweet souls make themselves fit for heaven in just as hard a life. As she grew up to a fine tall slip of a girl her handsome face attracted notice. She got to know that she was the prettiest woman in Auray, and the knowledge soon spoiled whatever good there was in her. I saw all the perils of her position— dissolute parents — utter want of guidance from without — a mind too frivolous to be a guide to itself. In my idea her only chance of salvation lay in an eariy marriage, and although she was but seventeen when Jean Kergariou asked her to be his wife, I did not hesitate in advising her to marry him.' ' Who was Kargariou ?-' *' A sailor, and as good a fellow as ever went to sea. He and Marie had been play fellows. They had attended the same class for instruction. Jean was intelligent, Marie was dull. Jean was frank and good humored, Marie was reserved and self willed. But the poor fellow was dazzled by the girl's beauty, and she was endeared to him by old associations. He told me that she was the only woman he ever had cared for, the only woman he ever should care for. He had saved a little money, and could afford to furnish one of the cottages in the street by the quay. He would have to go to sea, of course, and Marie would stop at home and keep house, and perhaps earn a little money by washing linen, having the river so convenient. I would rather have had -a home-staying husband for her, but Jean was a thoroughly good fellow, and I thought such a husband must keep her out of harm's way. He was not the kind of man that any woman could attempt to trifle with.' ' And he married her ?' ' Yee, they were married in the church yonder one Easter Monday.' « Can you tell me the date ?' ?' I can find it for you in the book where such events are registered. I could not say at this moment how many years ago it may have been.. I could tell you the year of poor Kergariou's death.' ' Oh, he is dead, then ?' asked Treverton, with a dreadful sinking of the heart. ' Yes, poor fellow. Let me see *, it must have been three years ago last suanuei that Kergariou met with his melancholy death.' '?His melancholy death,' repeated Trever ton. Why melancholy ?' ' He was killed — run over by a waggon, on the Boulevard St. Denis, in Paris.' 'Run over by a waggon, three summers ago, on the Boulevard,' echoed John Treverton. ' Yes I recollect.' ''What, you knew him ?' ' No, but I was in Paris at the time of the accident.' John Treverton recalled that scene at the morgue, his wife's ghastly face when she entreated him to take her away. Yes, that one page which had stood boldly out from the book of memory, with a lurid light upon it, was indeed a page of momentous meaning. ' TeU me all about Jean Kergariou and his wife,' he said to the cure. ' It is a matter of vital importance for me to know. You are doing me a service which will make me grateful to you for the rest or my life.' 'Not quite so long, I hope,' retorte 1 the priest, with a sly smile. ' A man would be but short-lived if his life were to be measured by the endurance of his gratitude. That is a delightful virtue, but not a last ing one.' . 'Try me,' exclaimed John Treverton. ' Give me legal proof that Marie Pomellec and the dancer called Chicot were one, and that the man killed on the boulevard three summers ago was Marie Pomellec's hus band, and you may put me to the hardest proof you choose, but you shall never find me ungrateful.' ' There are noble exceptions, doubt less,' said the priest, shrugging his shoulders, 'just as there is now and then a baby born with two heads.. As for the story of Marie Pomellec and her- marriage, it is simple enough, and the proof of it is to be found in the registers at the Maine, while the fact is known to all the inhabitants of the quay, where Jean's wife lived. That the man killed in Paris was Jean Kergariou. is also certain ; he was recognised by a fellow sailor while he was lying in the morgue, aftd the account appeared in several of the Paris newspapers under the heading of *Faits divers.1 The only point open to question might be the identity of the dancer, Mademoiselle Chicot, with Kergarious wife, but even that was pretty well known to several people in Auray, who saw the woman dance in Paris, and brought back the news of her success — to say nothing of her photographs* which are unmistakable.' 'How did Marie Kergariou come to leave Auray ?* ' Who knows ? Not I. What ma i can explain a woman's caprice ? She lived steadily enough for the first year after her marriage. Kergariou was away the greatei part of the time, on board a whaler in Greenland. When he came home he and his pretty wife seemed monstrously fond of each other. But in the second year things were not so pleasant. Kergariou com plained to me of his wife's temper ; Marie avoided the confessional, and grew lax in her attendance at the services of the Church. The neighbors told me there were quarrels — neighbors will talk of each other, you see, Sir, and a priest must not always shut his ears, for the more he knows of his parishioners the better he can help them. I had some serious talk with Marie, but found her sadly impenetrable. She com plained of her hard life. She had to work as hard as the ugliest woman in Auray. I reminded her that the Blessed Virgin, who was portrayed in all our churches as the highest type of human loveliness, had led a humble and toilsome life on earth, before she ascended to be the Queen of Heaven. Was beauty to give exception from toil and hardship ? If she had been feeble and de formed, I told her, she might plead her weakness as an excuse for idleness ; but God had given her health and strength, and she ought to be proud to think that her labor could help to keep a decent home for her husband, whose career was one of con tinual peril. I might as well have talked to a stone. Marie told me she was very sorry she had married a sailor. If she had waited a little she had no doubt she might have had a rich young farmer for her husband — a man -who could have stayed at home and kept her company, and given her good clothes to wear. Before thatyear was half gone, I heard that there had been a despe rate quarrel between Kergariou and his wife the night before he left home for his Greenland voyage ; and before he had been gone a week Marie disappeared. At first there was an idea that she had made away with herself, and some of the good-natured fisher folk, who had known her from child hood, set to work to drag the river. But when the neighbors came to examine her cottage they found that she had taken all her clothes and the few trinkets that Jean had given her in his courting days, and soon after that a waggoner told how he had met her on the road to Rennes, and then every one knew that Kergariou's wife had run away because she was tired of her toilsome, houest life at Auray. She had let drop many a hint, it seemed, when she was washing linen among her companions down by the river, and it was pretty clear to them all that she had gone to Paris to make her fortune, and that if she could not make it in a good way she would make it in a bad one. She was only nineteen years of age, but as old in perversity as if she had been fifty.' (t When did her husband come back?'* ' ' Not till late in the following year. He had been through all kinds of misfortune in the North Seas, and came back looking like the ghost of the fine handsome young fellow I had married two years before. When he found out what had happened he wanted to set out for Paris in search of his wife, but he fell ill of fever and ague, and lay for months at a friend's house, between' life i nd death. As soon as he^ was able to , move about he went to Paris and spent the remnant of his savings in hunting for his wife without success. She had not yet made herself notorious- as a dancer, you must understand, And there were no photo graphs of her to be seen in the shops. She was only one among many foolish creatures, painting their faces and dancing before the foolish crowd. Kergariou came back to Auray in despair, and then went off to the North Seas again, caring very little whether he ever returned to his native place any . more. He did come back, however, after .an absence of more than three years, and : by that time Marie Pomellec had become notorious in Paris, under the name of Zaire \ Chicot, and a Parisian photographer travel ling through Brittany had left half a dozen of her photographs in Auray . They were to be seen at the bookseller's shop, when Jean Kergariou came home from his last voyage, and no sooner did he comprehend what had happened than he started off again for Paris, on foot this time, for the poor man had spent all his money during his former search for his wife. He left Auray about the middle of J une, and in the second week of July I read of his death in the Monitew Universel, which a friend sends me every week from Orleans. Whether he had found his wife or not, I never knew. No one ever heard any more about his fate than that he had reached Paris and met his death there.' (( A melancholy end,' said John Trever. ' on. ' Not more melancholy than that of his wife,' replied Father le Mescam, ' if there was any truth in a story I read last year, copied from an English newspaper. The poor creature seems to have been murdered by the man with whom she was living — possibly her husband.' John Treverton's heart sank. Every one, even this unworldly old priest, looked upon the husband's guilt as a matter of course. And, if his innocence should ever be put to the proof, how was he to prove it ? It was much to have made this discovery about his first wife, and to know that his second marriage had been valid. He stood pos sessed of Jasper Treverton's estate without a shadow of fraud. Although guilty in intention he had been innocent in fact. But beyond this there remained that still darker peril, the possibility that he might have to stand in the dock, charged with La Chicot's murder. The two priests helped to discuss a second bottle of Pomard, and then took their departure, after Father le Mescam had promised to introduce, Mr. Treverton to a respectable notary, who would procure for him the legal evidence of Marie Pomellec's marriage. While this was being done at Auray, John Treverton and his companion would travel without loss of time to Paris, and there search out the details of Jean Kergariou's death and burial. The appointment with the notary was made for 9 o'clock next morning, so eager was John Treverton to push on the business. /'Well,' gasped Sampson,|when the two priests had gone, ' if ever a man played patience on a monument for a long winter ?evening I think I am that individual. Now they've gone, perhaps you'll tell me what that ridiculous Jack-in-the-box Father le Whatshisname, has been saying to you.' I never saw an old fellow gesticulate in such a frantic way. If I had'nt been bursting with curiosity, I should have rather en joyed the performance as a piece of dumb show.' ' John Treverton told his legal adviser the gist of all he hadTieard froin^he priest. ' Didn't I say so,' exclaimed Sampson. u Didn't I say that it was more than likely there was a' former husband in the back ground. It was a desperate guess, of course, and I don't know, that I quite thought it when I made the suggestion. But any thing was better than relinquishing the estate, as you would have been fool enough to do, if you hadn't had a shrewish young man for your legal adviser. One of those tip- top firms in the city would have gone straight off to take counsel's opinion, and before you knew where you were, you'd have been counselled and opinioned out of your property.' Sampson was in a state of intense exulta tion at a result which he considered entirely due to his own acumen. He walked up , and down the room, chuckling inwardly, in a burst of|self-approval. His overstrung feelings at last sought relief in some kind of refreshment. He asked John Treverton to order him a glass of hot gin and water, and he was quite indignant when informed that the Pavillion d'en Haut could not furnish that truly British luxury. ' I daresay if I order you * a grog' you will get something in the shape of hot brandy and water,' said Treverton. *{ Oh, pray don't do anything of the kind. Ask that black-eyed girl to bring a jug— — Oh, here she is.' And thereupon Mr. Sampson turned him self to the pretty waiting-maid, gave aloud preliminary 'hein,' and thus addressed her— ' Mada-moyselle, voulez vous avez le bonty de — bringez — ong joug — ong too petty joug— O boyllong, prenez vous garde que c'est too boyllong, avec une demi pint de O di vi, et ong bassing de sooker; et pardonnez, aussi ong quiller, n'oubliez pas le quiller.' Here the girl's vacant stare arrested him, and he saw that no ray of British light could pierce an intellect of such Gallic density. ' Here Treverton,' he cried im patiently. 'You ask her. The girl's a fool.' John Treverton gave the order, and Mr. Sampson had the pleasure of mixing for 1 imself a strong jorum of thoroughly Eng lish brandy and water, and went to bed happy after drinking it. As soon as the Post- Offi.ee was open next morning, John Treverton despatched the following telegram to his wife : — ' Good news for you. All particulars to follow in to- day's letter.' At eleven, railroad time, Mr. Treverton and his lawyer were on their way to Rennes, enrovte for Paris. ( To be continued.) 