Cooranbeen. THE following powerful poem, written specially for this journal by Henry Kendall, is founded on fact. -- ED. Years fifty, and seven to boot, have smitten the children of men Since sound of a voice or a foot came out of the head of that Glen ; The brand of black devil is there-an evil wind moaneth around ; There is doom-there is death in the air; a curse groweth up from the ground. No noise of the axe or the saw in that Hollow unholy is heard- No fall of the hoof or the paw-no whirr of the wing of the bird; But a grey mother down by the sea, as wan as the foam on the strait, Has counted the beads on her knee these forty-nine winters and eight. Whenever an elder is asked-a whiteheaded man of the woods-- Of the terrible Mystery marked where the dark ever- lastingly broods, Be sure, he will turn to the bay with his back to the Glen in the range, And glide like a phantom away with a countenance pallid with change. Prom the line of dead timber that lies supine at the foot of the glade The fierce-featured eaglehawk flies-afraid as a dove is afraid; But back in that wilderness dread are a fall and the forks of a ford-- Ah, pray and uncover your head, and lean like a child on the Lord. A sinister fog at the wane-at the change of the moon cometh forth, Like an ominous ghost in the train of a bitter black storm of the North : At the head of the Gully-unknown, it hangs like a spirit of bale ; And the noise of a shriek and a groan strikes up in the gusts of the gale. In the throat of a feculent pit in the beard of a bloody- red sedge ; And a foam like the foam of a fit sweats out of the lips of the ledge ; But down in the water of death-in the livid dead pool at the base-- Bow low with inaudible breath : beseech with the hands to the face. A furlong of fetid black fen, with gelid green patches of pond, Lies dumb by the horns of the Glen-at the gates of the Horror beyond ; And these who have looked on it tell of the terrible growths that are there-- The flowerage fostered by Hell-the blossoms that startle and scare. If ever a wandering bird should light on Gehennas like this Be sure that a cry will be heard, and the sound of the flat adder's hiss. But hard by the jaws of the bend is a ghastly Thing matted with moss-- Ah, Lord be a Father-a Friend, for the sake of the Christ of the Cross. Black Tom with the sinews of five-that never a hang- man could hang-- In the days of the shackle and gyve, broke loose from the guards of the gang. Thereafter for seasons a score this devil prowled under the ban, A mate of red talon and paw-a wolf in the shape of a man. But, ringed by ineffable fire, in a thunder and wind of the North The sword of Omnipotent ire-the bolt of high Heaven went forth ; But, wan as the sorrowful foam, a grey mother waits by the sea For the boys that have never come home these forty four winters and three. From the folds of the forested hills there are ravelled and roundabout tracks, Because of the terror that fills the stronghanded men of the axe. Of the workers away in the range, there is none that will wait for the night When the storm-stricken moon is in change, and the sinister fog is in sight. And later and deep in the dark, when the bitter wind whistles about, There is never a howl or a bark from the dog in the kennel without ; But the white fathers fasten the door, and often and often they start At a sound like a foot on the floor, and a touch like a hand on the heart. The following ia a list of the probates and letters of administration granted November, 1877 :-Georgina Innes, of Lorne Moreshed ; letters of administration granted November 2 to H. B. Bradley ; testatrix died April 15 ; goods sworn under £4000. George Bernard Roch, Tenterfield, farmer ; probate granted Novem- ber 22 to T. S. Morgan ; testator died January 29 ; goods sworn under £450. Harriet Rebecca Black, of Windsor ; letters of administration granted Novem- ber 23 to John Black ; intestate died September 28 ; goods sworn under £500. Robert Bell, of Bellfield, Cabramatta, grazier ; probate granted November 22 to David Bell ; testator died July 22 ; goods sworn under £5000. Sarah Ellen Lisle, Kelso ; letters of administration granted November 24 to Wilfred Sut- tor Lisle; intestate died January 4,1873; goods sworn under £2350. William Henry Suttor, of Brucedale and Alloway Park ; probate granted November 28 to W. H. Suttor, F. B. Suttor, and Charlotte A. A. Suttor; testator died October 20; goods sworn under £107,250. This small village (the Blue Mountains) was thrown into a great state of excitement by the report that Ned Kelly was seen in, the neighbourhood. From particulars to hand, it seems that Mr. Constable King, telegraph operator here, was out wallaby hunting, when he came across a man in a secluded part of the mountain, who imme- diately made off when he saw him. Mr. King, know- ing the gullies and ranges, took a short cut and intercepted his progress. When asked the reason of his running away, he replied that he was Kelly, and wanted to see Governor Muir. Mr. King persuaded him to accompany him to the railway station, which he did, where he was immediately seized by King and others, and securely bound and placed in the strong room at the railway station until the arrival of the up mail train, when he was taken to Penrith in charge of Mr. King and handed over to Constable Brayne. Great credit is due to Mr. King for his gallant capture. The old man is over 90 years of age, and fancies that he is Ned Kelly, of Victorian notoriety. If he had been allowed to remain in the wild mountains he would no doubt have died from starvation. 