SANCTIFIED AFFLICTION. April 6.—Afternoon. Golden Text, Heb. xii. 5.—Reading, Job xxxiii 14—33. Concerning Elihu nothing is known beyond what is stated here. See chap, xxxii. 2; compare with Gen. xxii. 21, from which it has been supposed that he was the grandson of Abraham's nephew. The meaning of the name is " Whose God is He." He appears to have been a youth of great prudence and singular wisdom, and felt himself, as he indicates more than once, inspired by the Spirit of God to instruct Job. It is a remarkable feature «f God's method that He sometimes gives His Holy Spirit to one person to enable him to teach another. The teacher may wisely draw attention to the early part of the chapter before he begins the lesson. Lesson.—God sometimes makes use of illness as a means of grace. I. Before the illness (ver. 14—17). God has many ways of leading to serious thought; when one fails He tries another. One is certainly by reverie, or quiet meditation when lying in bed at night. In olden times He often spake in dreams :— Jacob, Gen. xxviii. 12. Several cases in the history of Joseph. Solomon, 1 Kings iii. 5—16. Several in Book of Daniel. Joseph, Matt. ii. 13—20; Pilot's wife, Matt, xxvii. 19. But now we;have a more sure word of prophecy, the Bible is our guide. Opens the ear—makes us listen. Seals instruction makes it clear that it comes from God. Withdraw man,—turn him from his foolish career; high pride, —put it out of the way. A woman once went to Rev. Rowland Hill, and told him she had been converted by a dream. He said, " It is very, nice to have good dreams when you are asleep, but I want to see now you act when you are awake." In sleep the memory has been known to recall crimes, and conscience has been aroused with terror, sometimes leading to confession when awake. There have been many cases of persons who have had awful dreams of judgment that have led them on awakening to cry for mercy. And there have been cases in which thoughts or promises of Christ have come vividly before the mind when asleep, and brought peace. It is far better to listen to God's word whilst awake, to listen to Him now. It is just possible that there may bean allusion here to the troubled nights that sometimes precede illness. . II. IUneBS comes on (ver. 18—22). A disease may be sent to preserve from some greater calamity. This verse may refer either to spiritual or ordinary life. Had the person not been ill he might have fallen into a pit, or been killed in war. All things work together for good to them that love God. The Christian does not murmur, but knows that Jesus Christ has power over disease and only permits it in wisdom and love (Psa. xci. 19). Chastening of pain. Describe a visit to an hospital, or bedroom of a sick child (ver. 20.) All appetite oes, the vanity of the pleasures of this world fecomes apparent (ver. 21). Let none be vain of beauty. God can BOOn remove it (Psa. xxxix. 11).. ¥oung people have no'idea how quickly all their strength and brightness may be taken away (ver. 22). Then he begins to think about death. By the destroyer may be meant death; the terrors of the the grave ; the destroying worm; or more probably the angels of judgment in the unseen world. God never puts His servants where they cannot glorify Him. At times He needs the example of a patient sufferer, and at times the spectacle of a little child, calm and resigned in pain. He wants its perhaps for a lesson to the doctor; perhaps to give an illustration to the minister ; perhaps to teach unseen spirits, for " we are made a spectacle to the world, to angels, and to men." IIL The illness is sanctified (ver. 23—26). Ver. 23. Is the reference here to (1) a godly visitor 1 or (2) the Holy Ghost 1 or (3) the Lord Jesus? Perhaps to all three. It is a great privilege to visit the sick, and read and ijray with them as a messenger from God. Infidels will welcome the minister then. But it is only the Holy Ghost who is the Interpreter, that can make such a visit blessed; and it is only blessed when Jesus Christ is found, who is " the chief among ten thousand." To show, &c.; here is possibly an allusion to the three friends, who did not show Job correctly his uprightness, and wherein he failed. Ver. 24. The pit is hell. The ransom is the atonement of Jesus Christ; here is the everlasting ^ T?er 25. Sickness having been sanctified, it is taken away. The restoration to health sometimes is perfect, even to more vigour than before. Ver. 26. Four effects of the atonement:—I. He prays. 2. He lives in God's favour. 3 He delights in communion with God. 4. He lives a holy life; or this last clause may allude to imputed righteousness. IV. The Profession on Recovery. For such is really the meaning of ver. 27 and 28. The Speaker's Commentary gives the following correct rendering:—" He [that is the restored penitent] will sing unto men, and say, I had sinned and and perverted that which was right, and it was not requited to me. He redeemed my soul from passing into the pit, and my life beholdeth the light with joy." Some on restoration forget whatthey learned and vowed in sickness. See Luke xvii. 17. Warn against hope in a death-bed repentance. True, he will accept us at our worse ; but how much better to come to him when well, and strong, and bright, and happy! Seek Him now. Conclusion.—The religion of the Bible is a most reasonable religion (ver."29—33). The true wisdom will bear any amount of inquiry. Let us learn— 1\. To be grateful for our health and strength. 2\. That we may lose these blessings quicker than we sometimes imagine. 3\. To desire to be a wise messenger to those who are ill, and to be pleased to visit and help them when it is proper to do so. 4\. To be resigned to God always. Both rain and sunshine are needed by the flowers. A diamond in the rough lay embedded in the clay for a long while. At length it was found and made into a beautiful jewel for the crown of a king. First of all it had to be cut; it was ground on a rapidly movine wheel till the defective parts were cut away, and then polished till it sparkled with light. Suppose the diamond had thought and feeling, when it touched the wheel we should have heard the stone cry out, " Let me alone; this cutting and polishing is terrible. I thought when I was taken out of the clay I was to be placed on the king's crown, but I know nothing but tribulation." The reply would be, " You are not fitted yet, and this is the only way of fitting you; you must be cut till all imperfection is removed, and polished till you sparkle as a star. Then—and there will not be a stroke more than is needed—when you are capable you will have the glory." liansomed souls are God's jewels. J. HUNT COOKE. 