The ,Rev, IDr. Kelynack's Lccture on- the Pastoral. (Prom the Sydne Mliil, Augltst 23.) O(. WVodnesday, evening, a lecturo on '.The :pastoral-weighod and found wanting," ,was deliveroed by the Rev. Dr. Kelynack,'in the Wesloyan Church, Bourke-strcet. There was a very large audience. The Iove. Dr. .Kolynack said tla;lt 11 speaking on thlle subject of the Pastoral recently issu .by thq hierarchy of the .Roman, Catholic CJiurche could not for .hear express4n h .s so of satisfaction that they had tl-s ((xprision of the essen tial policy, of mInaunism given with an utterance .so eNphatic, and with an authority so weighty, as to convince the ilost sceptical, and to arouse the most thoghtless as to tihe principle of the policy that unmistakably characterised Romanism. In certain quarters there had been an attenispt to decry the efforts of.some of them as outsiders, and they had sometimes been put into the pillory of public reproba tion as vile disturbers of the peace, pelted at with cruel epithets, on the one hand receiving, censure fromn trimming Protes talnts,, and. on te other hand poisoned arrows as . .ravengeftl prs.s fromnt the hleated ,partisans, d i.\e ?ut: now the logic of fcts was d fo tliemwhat sound reason, argument, akd eloquent appeal had hitherto failed to accomplish; for the accumulated evidence that the church had begun to pile up'herself might be safely left to expound the principle of Romanism. What liberty of speech meant in the mouth of the emissaries of Rome, they had seen in the treatment measured out to the brave old man who had come amongst them to expose her errors. (Cheers.) They would not- meet him with the logic of argument, but the'logic of bluestone and quartz, and the oiljr chainpion the church 'found was the actress Miss Joey Gougenheim. (Cheers.) Ori the heas of this display they had witnessed anoth r circumstance that strikingly" exhibited what liberty of action rmeant in th Vatican of Rome. (Applause.)' The Ba hurst case showed them 'a" dying fath r who, when lie pleaded so pathetically with the. Bishop, could urge nohtlgtg ,ainitst his gentteral character that mihit, faily:constitute a bar to deprive him of wh ever virtue lay in sacra'mental rites, dare( to be guilty of the unpardonable sin of loosing the school twhich his child should ttend, and because lie did so he was debarr d the rites of sacred burial, and with the Cl urch's ban resting on his ashes, was laid i an unconsecrated grave. And while n n wondered and flamed with indignatic at this outrage upon human feeling-at this disgrace and dishonour that was wrought on the holy name of religion-the spirit of the Church was exhibited again in the manifesto-the plaintiess of which no ne could mistake and the boldness of wl ch it would require the most astute to def nd. In that mani festo they had a full, a d frank, and fear less statement of the hurch's views upon the great education qu stion; and he quite agreed.with those who hanked Archbishop Vaughan for thus put ing them in posses sion of what was the d liberate view of their Church upon the Publ e schbol system, and for also putting them * possession of the policy of that Church in the future in regard thereto.' Now, brietfl summed up, the position of that Pas lral might be thus sttedrl. It denouncedt tlheir Public school system because it rested on what was called the vicious and base foundation of secular ism. 'It 'denounced it again because the character of the teaching given therein was designated as godless; and as leading to indifferentism and infidelity. It denounced it again because of the results which flowed from'it,' and in words that made them stir by their boldness they Were told that these Public schools were seed plots of future immorality and infidelity and lawlessness that would debase and lower the standard of- human excellence n their midst, and that would corrupt the political, social, and individual life' of thsir future citizens. And on that basiis--acc~ting those premises -they proposed to d~ what '1 They pro posed to do that which vas an invasion of the rights of the parent , an infringement of the liberty of the franc ise, and that which really amounted to tle control' of their Parliamentary instituticns; and they dared to.do that upon this question, which was the most fulndamental c1cd vital of all the questions that constitu d the honour, the unity, and the future well-being 'of the conunonwealth. The ltiite had come for bold speech andl decisive action in hnswer. The days of' willingi blindness and of indolent non-intervention were past. For all liberty-loving citiene--for all true patriots,. : there', ?is, "'as- it seemed to hiih,: but one cours and duty-and that was to stand un in the presence of this alien power with a ourago and strength that would'treat her tlhieats with unwaver ing defiance, and by a discernment which her sophistry could not beguile, and reason ing which would anew r her argumnents its fire. dealt:with 'straw, and a sturdiness of political resistance thi would guard their political rights with a defence of, triple steel, show by signs th t could not be mis taken - that bishops and priests must respect the 'laws and thl in titutions of a country--that were the oepr ons of a free people's will.' ( plausd) t?hing less .than that would be u worthy of their ancestry and of their trditions. Be'now proposed to deal with sa e of the salient points of the Pastoral ii the natural order in which they stood. he first charge of Archbishop Vaughan a inst their public school system was that i was secular-that it was godless ; and secondly, that it could notbe .an adequate eduhation for the con science, the heart, and the will of the young. He answered that bold affirmation with an equally bold and flat denial. (Cheers.) but sin affirmation in the one case could not be m t bysaflirmation in the other, lie would rW'e? ac onee to the short, th4!simple, the conch is "method of proof furnished by the exan nation of class books in iuse intheir schools,- When the Bishops madethat' statement they. must have pre sumed largely upon the public credulity, if they iiiidgimed that it would pass unchal lenged ; for when' le turned to the books themselves he found that. the .lyole realm of duty was covered by thed I ons that these books contained. They taught the saciednessiof truth, and the shame 'of false hood ;''they, taqght the. blessedness of rightecuseness and e bitterness of wrong doing; they tai? ~ e'th i t n'seetess of afifee tion and gentleces i ud'nutual help and the evils that followd :from the neglect of these qualities ; they taught the duty of obedience aud ;thi pdealties that. followed from disohedience; in'onepword lheyplaced before the mind of the young all the quali ties that would give grace to youth and honour to ripier years, -arid 'which if they but accepted its lo laws anid models of.life could' not 'fil of\th best possible results. And then if the a d fryin the teaching of theemoraluts tothe great facts andT 'doctrcines o' religion here again the evidenced of ticheooks inost conchisively Cfroved tlhat, the system was far froem being the dgodless tlhing'whichlit was so stiongly represented to be.. If the Bible was- not in use in the schboolstis i text-book, the'' selections from .tho'Bib s sovered the widest range, and dealt Witli the moset eseontial truth. (Hear, hear,) They gave the story of the orsoation, the record of the fall, the tragedy of the deluoge, the faith of Abralham the history of God's ancient people; they gave the sublimest strains of the psalmist, the strong clear statement of the evangelists, find the doctrinas of the Apostles. They gave the life of Jesus and His death, His atoniug work, and Ris msediatorial reign; they grave them that short epitome of Church history. found inl the Acts of the Apostles ill a word, :dl that was sad ill hullma sinl, all that was proe'ious in Divino grace, all that was ghlorious in thDivino covrenant-all was there- e i ustst note t and cout inoet,-there tlo.i or s of tlhat grand old Book, that lN'et ,nd abideth for ever. (Applause.) iow hoe was auxious not to trespass too la ely upon the paticnce and titeo of this audience, and so hoe would not read so fully as hI might othlerwise do the evidence of this. Loet them listen for a moment to these words that constituted part of the introduction to the sacred lessons : "The plan pursued in this compilation las been to take the historical narrative of Scripture as the foundation, and to attach to it other portions of Scripture relating to the narrative, dithct;from the Old or New Testauent. "Tlhgsr,-ter the narrative of the Creation, extracts from the book of Psalms, refcrrin, to 'the Creation, have been introduced; and after the narrative of the Deluge,..there hive been: inserted those comments on that event which are to be found in, the New Testament. This method seems to be calculated at once to teach the use of the sacred history, and to fix much of moral and religious instruction on the heart, by. associating with.it' a recital of most interesting facts, The translation haI been made by a comparison of the Authoriked ahd 'Douay versions with the original.i l?glnnnguage, sometiines of the one and sometimes of the other, has been adopted, and occasionally deviations have been made from both. On this point the translator feels that he would require more indulgence than is likely to be granted to him,;. but he was compelled by the exigency of the case to undertake the task ; he has done his best to execute it with fidelity, and lie has been constantly usider the eye of persons perfectly competent to correct any errors into which lie might inadvertenitly fall. This he avers, that lih has not been influenced in his rendering of any passage by reference to any peculiar religious views. A few notes, chiefly explanatory andpractical, have been addell. " The present volume is one of ia series, whiceh it is proposed shall be compiled on similar principles. It b'ings down the history to the saltldse t a\timo of the Israelites in Egblh d deathof Joseph. The next nunber, it is ended, shall be drawn from the New Tes ment. * The Cominissioners ofer these extracts from Scripturi to thi 'careful attention of teachers and children, hot only as truth, but as trdth recorded under the influenco of inspiration ; and truth with which it is of the utmost importance for them to be well acquainted. And to the religious instructions of. the children they cheerfully leave, in 'communicating that instruction, the use of the sacred volume itself, as con taining those doctrine and precepts," a knowledge of which must lie'at the founda tion of all true religion. ' The law of the Lord is unspotted, converting souls; the testimony of the Lord is faithful, giving wisdom to little ones.'" Now from theseextracts, what became of the charge of the gross impeachment made by the Bishops; It broke down by its own weakness. (Cheers.) It was found to be a mendacious libel, for which they unlight fairly demand. retractation and apology. And to the hierarchs who had uttered it, and who had stamped it with the stamp of Pius the 0th to get it into general circula tion-to those hierarchl we tagded it back, and we say, gentlemenu?, convicted as the utterere bofSaeso. c ? (clers)-coin which he had trie'd withh test of simple truth and had found to b? i.orthless-only Vatican brass in'the, placepSf genuine gold. (Apptause.) 13?t if the charge was dis proved by these quotations from the books, it was still more conclusively disproved when they called attention to the fact of that provision which, was made under the Act for dogmatic religious instruction by the authorised representatives of the various religious denominations. Now we imight fairly plead that the absence of any dogtmaitic teaching from the curriculum of our Public schools in a mixed community such as ours was a necessity of the case, and we 'might also plead that if the Bible was not in our schools, it was because of the uncompromising opposition that the Church of Rome, had to it. Did not the State virtually say to the people of this colony, we cannot teach dogma, brit we commit our selves to the eduication of th6 children who are to be the future citizens of this hind with the help of such broad moral and reli gious truths as tic be Said t belong to amy religion that iseUhr?etin, eami to the parents of theclild?.ftole h eh? ?offspring any religion they iiay ths fit,' and in their own way. Could anything'be less open to cavil than that. It took aire that the con scio?cesof'. fo child should be violated, ndt evenithe coniicience df a pauper child, and yet theses mitred traducers made the air ring with the cry that the system of educa tion was secular, godless, and reprobate. It appeared indeed as if it were the duty of those lordly spirits to come down from their high places and with the aid of all the priests to save the country from so dreadful. a catastrophe as was predicted, but that did not suit the Rome Catholic Church; the thing was that it brought her down, to a position of equality with all others. (Applause.) But whit they desired was Government assistance, and if they obtained that they would be satisfied, It was uitterly unseemly and outrageous that such a calumny should be perpetrated, for he took it. that the deveolopment of our Public school system was a result of which we had no reason to feel ashamed, andil it had been accomplished by those who had the'task'of makingouriilaws,andithadbeen accompanied by a ancgnificebiee of endowment thait was cmeditabld 'in' tle high'est degree. It had scattered· throughlout the far interior the advantages, of education with wonderful solicitude for the-young. It liad bcrought into' existence ii system of teaching ancd inspection, the best, that the' Stte cduldi 'conucand, arid' itinvited the different repre sentatives of religion to join hand in hand to give education its crowning blessing; and, though foul epithets had been flung ati it, they wouild' be nothing more thian the mist of a p0assing squhll, and wlien the stormi was over thie Public school. ystem of the colony.would be -seen like sonid noble pile lirmly 'routed ol4 its foundatiuns, ,ecanse it had been bui t up in the esteemc f'a ciniifiunistywho lhd lived to learn and appreciate itfs value;..' (Applius.) Thoe bgaiii 'we wve 'tqld'in aotlr allegation that. the syttlmsIn s?IýS4 ' ??vlcioais ,in principle, bu also, in tl"e hdsults whiih it developied. It iwase re !ly j-a :emost 'severe strain on bne's self co trol to read thlose rehibis : words, of' ie Ar·chbishop's. (V:Lagthter.)" We; lhear thi at. our Public sehdb'ii, vlhich we prized , highly, were the seed plols of imusorilai id infidelity;, It w:is weakl in somle parts was.that pastoral of the Roman Cathclic rchbisliop, but it va-s ,trong in others-st ng, inc the stato ments it contained, Thise vsidenco by wiihe these statements were to be proved did nut appear to have occupied this Episcopal mind iat all, and the holy fathers appeared to havo been equally careless' iith'regasd to argu mcentts'slao. - The fact was tliat if ole looked at tihe charitable side of it hlie must com to tie conclusion that .they had beeoon accus tomed so long to be blindly obeyed; and to *havo all tlhat they stated received witih such meek asid unquestioning submi~ssioii llat they could not undlerstand tise boldness of thle Protestant position so alicn to, the Catholic mind. (Applause.) Thle statement was mliade that the children who were broughst up in our Public achools wore in stratgo contrast withl Ih children who woro educated in the schools of the Church- tlit.tl they wero immoral, that tlhey were wanting in gentlcness and respect for reli tgin, that they had no respect for prayer or for the sacraments--in other words, tlhos wild and untutored childrenk were looked' upon with tih gi.catest mnisgivisig by tlhe clergy. He' made bold to niswer suctl sttetmonts as these from the Romnish' heir archs, and lie vesitured to say thslt he would not outstp thoe bounds of truth wloen lie said that, in the judgment of all the other sections of tle comnimunity, except the Roman Catholics, such statements wore gross slanders tliat carried.tleir own refuta tions with them.' (Apl?lause.)' Was i~t reasonable to suppose that the thousondBt fif Roman Catholic parents who sent their children to' the Public schools would be parties to such degradation as had' been alleged of their children in faith arid morals, or that we would stand quietly by and nmirk the effects of a blight that' was falling on our educational system without sounding an alarm. Could we by any process of logic come to the conclusion thist the system was as dark as' if· was painted. Surely there was no heresy in the multipli cation table, and no ghost of an alien creed in the English Graummar-(laughter)-and no peril to the Romish faith in a copy book. It was enough to take one's breath away to hear that this goodly tree that was so fair to look upon should really, be producing fruit that was so rank and so vile. If he answered the Romnish hierarchs as =they deserved to be .answered, he could tell ia tale of Romish fruits in other lands that would, lhe thought, put the boot on the other leg. He woduld have something to say of that presently, but iii the ineantisie he would only remark that it just seeined as if the reverend fathers had 5been drawing a fancy sketch, and had put too much subject into one picture and too much shadow into tho'other. (Applause,) In dismissing the topic for the present hlie would say that lie had found in those Catholio -lands where a Catholic atmosphere was breathed, and where there were Catholic. pastures and Catholic shepherds; that there were many as rough as goats and by no means like gentle sheep (applause and laughter) ; and he had found the Catholics in times of Par liamentary elections and political excite ment, as fierce as colves.. (Renewed laughter and applause.) Be now came to another point of the Pastoral. A further allegation was made, that this system of Public education was subsidised for the miultiplication of schools,; which,.sas said to be such a galling injustice as to probvoke the warmest feelings of resistance, with a view to its destruction. Now this talk about Catholic money was perfectly absurd on the face of it. Tihe Government did not know a Catholic shilling fromnt a 'rotestant one. Money was received from the people of the colony generally, and the Government dis bursed it for tlhe good of the commonwealth upon broad principles of public justice, and there was a direction in which the Churcli of Rome did get more than her fair share of the State money. It received for her paupers and criminals more than was fairly duoe by the law of proportion, and yet tlhe Bishops were fond of the rule of three. (Laughter.) For the support of her paupors, and felons and orphans, the Church of Rome drew very heavily in proportion to what she contributed. \ He would ask them to note the figures, dad thqy would find that the facts were isn otraoga contrast with the statement,, mnid-'lie Bishops had groaned abou' inj)tit. Let them consider the fact that l tiyiar thie Chuiech of Rome received, as a seboidy for Denomi national education, £16,900 1i s lid., and that all tihe other denominations, ' exclusive of- the Ohuroch of England, received some thing loess than £3000. But the Bishops said that.the Catholics could not use :the Public' schools, they were so galling and oppressive. On. toe rolls of our schools there were 13,350 Roman Catholic child ren, and on the rolls of certified Denomi national schools there were 0704. They had not done swith' teir'lordshlips yet. Last year the Council of Education received 179 applications for new schools. The parties makinig them were represented by 2118 paren'ts ind guardians ?lfo had promised to send' their children to the schools, and this nuniber' includ"d 655 Rolmaii 'Catholics. Thle. children 'vho were promisned to be 'sent numbeored '6404 of all denominations, but 1080 of them formed the Roman contingent. But they had not'done withthieir lordships yet. .The. total .number of childreli of school, age in, those districts'. represented by the applications was 7348; of which 2224 were Ronian Catholics; and out of those 2224 Roman Catholics X1080 were pledged to attend the Public schools. And yet the conscience of-. the Catholics was opposed' to 'the Public school'. system. (Laughter.) • In the face of these ficts, what became of the strong statements .of the bishopsi Their value faded away like the baseless fabric of a'dream. Who had heard of the groins of oppressed consciences or'of the mudmurinig of a people' gro'und do en by a pressere they were unable' to' beaiir, until this documenit' was manufactured and put forward ias a decree of the' Church of 'Rome ,.L 'The 'Roman Catholics had availed themselves of the State' machinery to have their children educated, and .had never had a suspicion that they were participators' in wrong doing.' Now they were told, and 'the Government was told, and the country was told, that the Rloman; Catholics had been stooping to drink at a foul stream, and the decree had gone fortll:h that those who woild ri6t drink of the wvaters of 'ducatioic which was carried through R Roman aque ducts should be"treated as iheathens while they lived and when they. died,.and, were told that at the last they would go to the depths' of thait jierdit?icdn "c'hiih 'Rlome declared was the destiny of all who dis olieyeili herI:' iandites. ' ThisT 'as'1 'the graciouse mother who longed to press to her ydarning heart her erring children. (Laugh ter and'chdeers.) ; It made one slsd to reflect' what the effect of all !this would be upon tihe Roman Catholic mind. ", Whethier Roman Catholics would or would not resist thisc Pcstoral, thlat to .his ninid had done so ;canich to damage their interests, it was not for liim to say. It \asa notfl Ii hi to! san ' wlhetlcer'they would benid down to t yoe' which' Was sdught' to'be'placed iipon tlseih" eshoulders. But he would say that the' coinicunity' generally 'Iwould ; eiot i'itid tainely by and, see this outragd.perpetrated' oda the rights 'of frieemen. '(Cheerse )' In 'the face of 'this great' system so mighty: in .its claisis, so'im"perious., and" intolerant: :iii its demands,:which ;threw: into their midst the torch of discord in the name of ieligion, and struck upon their rights, they must sink minor differences as their fathers did in the bray dlays of old, They mun t sttncd up and declare that the independence of their political institutions should, not be amlp'oered with, amil that they wotild value as ai blessing boyond ill price the religious iberty which the blood anud sufferings of: their fatheri 'secured for tlihem and thleiri anicessirs,. for ever. (Loud' cheers.) DividinglItaly into thrco great provinces- lortheorn, contral, aud southern-- wo find i thd tlrst thlit'it is in the llold proviices of Lionmbardy theliris a' school' for every' 521 ilnhabitants, and. the total number of scholars is at the rate of oue pupil for overy 13 of thli popirliioio. In the central r'egion -thle. Marslies, Umbriia, 'Emilia, and Tuscany-thlere is a school for overy 1407 of tlhe iunhbitants, iand i lio scholar for overy 42 of 'tie population. In thelpi'ovinces of Naples and Sicily tisere is but one school for overy 2484 persons, and, but one sclolar for overy 73 of the population. Thus it hlappeais froiu the tables of Signor 1Matteuci, ex-iMinister tof Eduaitibn for Italy, that of every tlhdfisincd niles in the old provilices and Lombardy, 539 wore moire or less able to read, and 401 did natknow their letters. Of every tlhousand females 426 could .read and 574:could.not. That is.to say, about onu half the population was able to read. But nearer to ltomie-in Emilia, Tuscany, the Marshes, and Umbria-of every thousand males those who could read were only 359, leaving 041 who could not; of every thousand females 750 were unableto read. So that iti those provinces a little over' obif fourth only of the populationi cbuld read. In Naples and Sicily- whorb the reign of the priests' was most unireatiticted-those who co'uld not read "were-of every thousand' males, 835; of every thousauid females, 938. 'In' other viords, in' tht Neapolitan province, in every, hundred of the population ten only :were able to read." Nearer to Rome they therefore found something in inverse ratio to what the Bishops would lead them to expect. And this- was under ,the very Pope's nose. (Laughter.) '-He would give then 'a quota tion of ? Mr, Leckie.: " It, was the custom 'then as it is the custo ninow'fr the Catholic priests to stain the imaginations of young 'children by ghattly pictures of future misery; to inprinti upon the virgin mind ,atrocious images which'. they hoped not unreasonably.might'provo indelible.. Few Englishmen, I imagine, are aware' of the infamous publications written with this object that are circulated by the Catholic priests among 'the'por," iHe next cited Master Fitzgibbon,-" After the publica-, tion 'of my book' on' Ireland in 1868' 'my attention wias called to soni school histories written by Jesuits"for the use of the chile dreni in Roman 'Catholio schools, nmd' I added a chaptei to 'the second' edition-of my book, in which I conmmented on the perversion and falsification of history in those books i on one of which Archbishop Whately's comment was, that'" nothing could exceed the unlilushing audacity of its falsehoods except the atrocity of 'its prin ciples,' and that ' the perversion of its morals is still worse than its perversion of facts.' " Take M'Ir...Glads~one's testimony. Mr. Gladstone, the greateLt. statesman, not only of Enigland but of the world. He said concerning Italy--" It was a land of misrule in which lie had seen perjury the daughter of fraud, the mother of cruelty and vice stalk abroad under the sanction of its Governriment. A country where, by means of a ' philosophical catechism for the use of Primary schools,' there! were taught under the veil of religion pritsgiples .at once false, base, and demoralising, and where there was shown 'a real resolhtion to; preoccupy all minds in the time bf their tender andl waxen youth hand' beo re tl?. capacity of thought witlt.uhose pb'incipl&." OC this teaching for Primary eshools A r. Gladstone himself with a righte s indignation that does. him lhonour,• rec rds his deliberate judgment that no mor cunning plot was ever devised at least y mai against the freedom, the happiness the virttue of nian kind.' (Loud cheers.) One of the means by which the Roman Catholic prelates here proposed to remedy the great and crying wrongs "of which they complained-was the, corateon:ofparents. " Let them, noreover, warn parents, who' througha'spiit oi irifE'ertce or worldli ness, are exp ingJthe r khlilren to proxi mate cldnger of perversion add of ruin, tlat they iae tempting thel anger of Alrighty God ; and that they are jeopardizing the faith; thesniorality, the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help them selves, and, who have been ,confided- by Nature itself to their guardianship and pro toetion.(i' Let.them often remind the people; htit they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such 'schools; for, by so doing, they orehdping to perpetuate a great so?il, di ettis as' obstacles in thew"ay of Chistiai 1~oit who are-bent: on' bringing about a chang e.= Let one' anid all :remember that ther fathers" of-bold suffered fir' the faith, and let~them not show themselves unworthy .of-their own flesh .and blood-flesh, which was freely wounded, and blood which.was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian .principle or compromise OChristian faith; '.I Yet another extract from the Pastoral.:- "'Iet'all Catholic parents knowt tsttthey cannot,'without :sorious guilt, plac??thbeir children in proximate danger of perversiobi. Let'then:bear in mind that -to do so is to sit at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church; and that, unless there be ,excep. tiomal reasons, and-the-dangor be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no conifessor'can'absolve such parents -as- are willing .to expose their children's souls-to the blighting influence of an alien: creed: or in secularist system" lie ventured to think that they would regard these delusions as a gross outrage on parental authority, and an' invasion of the holy domain of lhome, that ought to invoke the stoutestresistance, (Cheers.) To the parent belonged the bringing up of the child, the- care: of its- -body, -ts'.mind, and its. heart, The paren was-? 'sdelegat to do, or to cause it t b ne for the child thaot which -would oel reits intellect and guide its moal-ntu, that it would become fit to. acceptably pform its work in the world,; If, this manifesto could biiG traislated into' fact, ,they ivould hiavei a drliuatic representation of a 'most peciuliar, niiture. They would have the Archbishop in all his glory, the urbane James, the Mathew of. Bathurst, ths weak aid poine what obscure William of Goulburn, each Pvith' his' mitre oni and teach with a stout ecclesiastical stockwhip in' his hand.m ' They 'ould' see deanis, tairhdeacons, and -pfiosts 'rushing here and there labouring for one' eand, all inspired by one spirit, all flaming wbith one zeal, all determined thatthey ivould round up their inidol~if';?wiyvywar'l, rickeid sheliep that ha gsiven the overseer so miuch >trouble. Tliey w'ul6d sdPie thealiiidividiials deteinmined to diii tiuit?=i ll thdiir 'ltainbs from- the scabby districts of public educa tion, to enclose thenms in rRoman hurdles, and drive them??Fiff"'tb???"Rbiori' station. (Loud: cheers.) ? Mark. thei Postoral whip and the lonig lash of. excommunication.at' the end of It. Remember how its echoes had been heard in every part of the coun train which a, priest, was stationed ; hleard ito the Confessional, heard at the foot of the Altar, at the rites of Confirmation. They would see that the intpnt was-to coerce the judginent and break dowin thi righteous authority of the parent. It was' ?r muueQwhny so giginti that ij f 11 elnioughl to convulsoe the colony 'with astonish niithind iridigiatio. r(Clie'erep.) The eidcod mneas 'by twhich theli prelates 'sought "°to 'attain their ends was by coereing the voter and the Parliament. The prelates seid that with politics as politics they had no desire to meddle. (Laughter.) They must have looked at one another wheon theyesaid that. (Laughter and "clihers:) ' '° Lbt Cistlhlics rouse themselves up to, a, sonse, of their responsibilities ; let them bini?g ioitimate pressure, to bear, in ;,the right ,oquarter ; and) slever cease ii,, theii.' persevering; their organised importunity, until they have obtained those rights which no iiatni can refuse them without ,..self-ovident injustice." They knew that tlhe.prelatds of the O:ltholic Church dabbled-in politic.s if not personally, by proxy. (Rear,. hear.) 'Ihey hlad sought to exercise undue influeiico in our-charitable institutions, .and by every meias,;ieoine'faii and siiine fbul hbad sought to push their men into theBorough Councils. Their action meant tlie degradation of the) franchise, the. violation, of the sacred character of th. bhallot-box,. death to the independence of the voter, the destruction of Parliamentary institutions. 'It 'meant that, not only the religious liberty, but the political. rights.of a large section of the com munity were to be handed over to thepriests, that a man should think-as-the priest thought-should act as the priestj taught and vote as the priest conmmiandotl;l Were they prepared for, this.in.this. fai* depend-. ency of the British Crown ? Hee was sure that they had iieisos'aiid' spirit sttficient to say no.u' (Loud "cheerin:)' Thlidy 'iiust fight:'this' 'iatter' at . the . hustings; if thet principles. of .the i Pastoral. were proceeded) withand pressed to a practical issue. They must say to b'the Oiidid'ates "Are you for Pope or Parliament 1 n(Prdlonged chlieeirig) -Romes or A?ustralia. ,- (Loud- cheering;) They must fight at. the. ballot-boxes, and, for the time, sink all minor differences and join hliids to dedfeit lhis priestly conspirracyy. (Hear, hear.) They must tellthe represen tatives of the people that they would watch the tictioin' in- Pirliaunent"of"this 'ijiri} of the. Roman Cttlholio- Church- (cheers) -and..theywoql. see .to.it..that in..that' Suprime Court of the nation, .the, watch-i word should be:' " Justice for. all, and preferential legislatifo 'foi narnone." (Ohoersa.);:;Anxdf.theyithus stood together, and worked, togethert and battled together, for th'e"s'ebbediiess obf flir?i right?; the free. :dorn of politics, the freedom of conscience, which was their best birthright,: 'viitery would crown their union, and thliey. ould: save the country from 'he shaddov of a great disgrace and a great peril, (Loud and con tinuous cheering.) .iIr. John Davies,IM.'L.A.,- proposed, and Mr. J. Roseby, M.L.A,, secondedi .a vote of thanks to the lecturer, wlich ~was carried by acclamation. . The Chairman was thanked .for his soer vices, and after the National Anthem had been sung by those present, the meeting dispersed.; .. - 