MRS. GAMP AT THE THEATRE. This esteemed friend of Mr. Punch's has recently been to the i Victoria, and her impressions are given for the benefit of the public i in the columns of our cotemporary, The Herald. Mr. Punch is so struck with the originality of the Old Lady's criticisms (evidently the result of a "confab " with Mrs. Harris or Betsy Prig), that he makes no apology for alluding to them, and commenting thereon. Mrs. Gamp went to see "Hamlet." The venerable dame's impressions are condensed into some twenty lines. Mr. Punch, however, notes with astonishment that it is said of Mr. Harwood's Ghost that this popular actor "might have infused a little more fire into the chai-acter." Mrs. Gamp ! Mrs. Gamp ! ! What is the meaning of this ? Did you ever, Madam, see a ghost animated with fire ? What did you expect to see, Mrs. Gamp ? — a ghost burning a blue light and shouting to the Gods ! Mr. Punch conceives that, unintentionally, The Herald has (per favour of Mrs. Gamp) paid a high compliment to the repre sentative of the Ghost. Surely fire is the very last characteristic of a ghost. But our indictment against Mrs. Gamp does not end here. On Saturday night our cotemporary was again represented by our old friend at the Victoria, on the occasion of Mr Bennett's benefit. The play bills and advertisements in The Herald announced that the " Royal Pardon " and " Fra Diavolo " would be played. As a matter of fact the burlesque was withdrawn, and never played. What the dear Old Woman was about that night Mr. Punch will not enquire — whether the orgie with Mrs. Harris and Co. was being kept up in the theatre itself, or outside between the acts, Mr. Punch will not too closely inquire ; but the fact remains that Mrs. Gamp duly reported to the world the performance of this very burlesque, and especially noted the fact that Mr. Bland Holt was quaint and amusing in his part therein. Mr. Punch sincerely pities his cotemporary for this palpable deception practised on him — a deception that has been exposed in another paper ( Evening News, 24th inst.) Sincerely speaking, however, The Herald should really look after its theatrical reports. Mr. Punch observes that in the critique of " Lucia di Lammermoor " of Tuesday, our Venerable Friend speaks of a " duet of two. " Why not go on to say a sestette of six ? Mr. Punch feels that he is only performing an act of charity in directing attention to the critical vagaries of " The Old Lady of Hunter Street." 