SATURDAY, AUGUST 16, 1879. A FEW days ago an article appeared in these columns in which attention was directed to the condition of Friendly Societies in Victoria. That article was founded on a report that bad been laid before the Victorian Parliament, and which indicated that many of these institutions is that colony were in anything but a satisfactory financial condition. The report was the result of the labors of a Commisaion which had been Appointed to enquire into the working of Friendly Societies, and con sisted of the statements of experts who had been examined on the subject It was therefore entitled to be considered as accurately representing the position and prospects of the institutions with which it dealt; and the only conclusion to be drawn from it was that unless some alteration were made in either the rates of contributions or the «cales of benefits, a time must come, yet far dis tant it may be, when those who had- by self-denial and frugality endeavored, to make provision for a rainy day would find that the source from which they calculated on drawing for the means where with to support themselves 'n irirVnnim. or for alle viating to seW^exteiit the Utter pangs of their sumvitoni«aae<?£ death, by«upplying die necessary funds for interment, had ceased to yield the help which their ne cessities required, and which they had a right to expect The report of Mr. Hendren, the Acting Government Statist of Victoria, on Friendly Societies for the year 1877, the latest issued on tiie subject, point? to a similar ton elusion to that to be drawn from a perusal of the report of the Commission referred to above. Although, of course the duty of Mr. Hendren is principally confined to tiie preparation of the statistics of the -various societies, it is very easy to see from his introductory remarks on the tables which he has prepared that he is imbued with the belief that the position of those societies is not of that substantial character which should ever be found in associations established for tiie relief of sick ness, when contribution aw accepted with the understanding Ifaat proportionate bene fits will be conferred on the contributor when die hand of diaease lies heavily upon him. Of the various associations of the : class under review the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows stands in the best position, showing a credit to each member, after de ducting the debts due by that body, of £12 2s. lid., which contrasts very favorably with the condition of the other Orders of Oddfellows, the Grand United showing a credit of £6 13b. sd. per member, and the Independent Order £6 9a. 9d. The Foresters occupy a position between these, having to the credit of each member within a fraction of £8 10a, while the United Ancient Order of Druids have but £4 2s. lid. to the credit of eaih member. The Rechabites have £7 2s. 2d., the Sons and Daughters of Temperance £5 3s. 10|d., and the Order of Saint Andrew only £3 ss. These ate all the Societies which have a roll of members exceeding 1,009. There are several others, with members varying in number from 096 to 52, and with an indi vidual credit ranging from £9 Is. 51. (the St Patrick's Society) to £117s. 2d. Hav ing shown what is the amount to the credit of each individual belonging to these associa tions, it now remains to show what they profess to give in the shape of banefits, and then the reader can see at a glance whether it id at all probable that tame of these insti tutions would be able for any lengthened period to meet their engagements were it sot for the infusion of new and youn<j blood, which they are continually re living, aid whether, as these societies become older and they contain a larger proportion of aged men among their membarc tban is the case at present, they will La able to redesm the promisee made to those with who n tbev have contracted. The Manchester Ud:l/, after six months' membership, agree to piy in case of sickness, for the firct 28 weeks 20s. per week, for the second 26 weeks 13a. 4d., fox the third 26 weeks and afterwards 10s. t with a funeral donation of £20 after :12 months' membership; the Grand United I Order after 12 months' membership agree to pay in case of sickness 20s. per week for the first 26 weeks, 15s. for the second 26,55. for the third 26 weeks and afterwards, and a funeral donation of £10 after six months' or £20after 12 months' membership; in the Independent Order the side pay after a membership of six months is 20s. for the first36 weeks, 12s. Gd. for the second 23 weeks, and afterwards ss, with a £20 funeral donation after a membarship of six months; in the Foresters after a six months' membership the sick pay is 103. per week for 26 weeks only, and a funeral donation of £10, after a 12 months' membership 20s. per week for the first 26 weeks, 10s. for the second, and ss. afterwards, with a f unerjl donation of £20; in the Druids after a six membership the sick pay is 10s. per week for the first 26 weeks, 'and 7b. afterwards, with £10 funeral dona tion, and after 12 months' membership 20s. per week for the first 26 weeks, 10s for the second, and ss. afterwards, with a funeral donation of £20; the Rechabites, after 12 months' membership, agree to pay 20s. per week for tie first year in case of sickoess, 108. for the third 20 weeks; «nd os. afterwards, with a funeral donation of £20; in the Sons and Daughters of Tempe rance after 12 months' membership the sick-pay is 20n. per week Jfi?r the first 38 wee%s,ls;. or 12s. Od. for the second 26 ■weeks, 10s. or 9s. for the third, and 6s. or 4s. afterwards, according to the' Brooch of the Grand Division to which the member belongs; but in an; case £20 is the funeral donation; in the St. Andrew's Society ax months* membership gives a claim to 10s. per week sick-pay for 23 weeks only, and 12 months to 205.-per week for the first 26 weeks, 12s. 6d. foe the second, and 6s. aCtex warda,w!Qia^£2o funeral donation. Xheae figures, having regard to the amounts standing -id the credit of the individual members, are not calculated to give con fidence in the stability of some of the Asso ciations. ' Bat what can be' much worse than one of the minor associations, which with £1 17a. 2d. only to the credit of each member agrees to pay after a 12 months' membership 20s. per week tick-pay for the first 26 weeks, 10s. for the second, ss afterwards, and £20 funeral donation? As this Society has only 182 members it would notxequire a very serious epidemic among th«ae who belong to it to absorb the whole of the funds. This is but a small association, it is true, and the consequences of its failing to meet its engagements would not cause a wide-spread calamity, but its position shows either that it has been ex ceedingly unfortunate or that its tables have been framed without due regard to the well-known rules which should be observed in their preparation. So far we have dealt only with some of the tables contained in the statistics; and it may now be well to glance at Mr. •Hendrens report. There is evidence enough in this to show- that the writer does not consider the Friendly Societies of Victoria are as sound as they should be. Take, for instance, such remarks as the following:—" Between 1874 and 1877 there was a very slow increase in the number o* members, whilst the funds have accumu lated with some regularity, the increasing average age of the members subjecting them at the same time to greater liability on account of sickness and death;" and "theinterest j>er member received show* a gradual increase, bat thfe increase is not sufficient to indicate that funds are being accumulated at compound interest to pro vide for the increased liability which must come upon the Societies as the members approach the riose of life." There is evi dence also of the increased liability of the Societies in the fact mentioned in the report,' that the rate of mortality has been continually on the in crease since 1871, the rate among mem bers in 1877 being rather over 10 in 1,000. Some of the Societies are no doubt sound enough, and the deductions of the Statist being- drawn from the returns of all the Benefit Societies, extending over a series of years, and which have been sum rized, will not apply to them; but the number of perfectly sound as compared with the doubtful is, we fear, not a thing to boast about. Before leaving this sub. ject we may make clearer a statement made in a former article to the effect that the interest received by the Vic torian Benefit Societies during the past ten years had been at the rate of a trifle j under 4$ per cent It appears that in order to ascertain what rate of interest ought to be adopted as a basis of future calculations the whole funds of tfw Societies were treated«invested,endtiiisFirm thorn—lf of 4-49 per cent, as the average for tea yean. ~ . . r ~..' Although there «ta -be-btet littie doubt that some of the BenSfiUSocietiee of Yjie toria, if not many of them, are m a shaky condition, it is to be feared Chat that colon/ does act stand alone in tins .respect? aat that we might look nearer/home for some thing of the same kind. There is some ground for believing that Bevanl ot^tfce Benefit Societies in tins colony are finan cially unsound, and that there is room for amendment in several directions^ : The statistics of the Friendly Societies of Sootfe' Australia for. 1876 are«ow in coarsVof preparation, and it is expected that they will bejeady for publication shortly. When they are Issued we shall be in a position to form a pretty accurate idea *of? the state of he several Societies, and as "to whether they are in a position to give "arotnisa that hey will be able to bear any probable strain that they might be subjected to. Ar it is we hear complaints about the financial condition of some of these institutions, but it would not be well to repeat them un supported by facts and figures. The ramifications of British interests are world-wide. In addition to those region* in which through colonial settlements and treaty obligations England baa direct and indisputable right of interference, there is no people under the sun to whom British gold has not been lent, and in whose pro sperity or decline British merchants are not concerned. It is this consideration which gives its principal importance to the war which is at present being waged between Chili on the one side, and Bolivia and Petit on the other. No doubt, from a moraliifc point of view, it is sad to see three conti guous nations, whose interest* need sot necessarily be antagonistic, driving with each other in deadly straggle; but this is ne> new thing in South Anuui^, sn a fsmilia- r rity with ft renders observers callous con cerning it. The colonies which Spals planted in the southbave never eoccassbdly rivalled those which England founded is the northern part of America, and thfr failure to fulfil ens of toe main purposes of their formation has resulted largely from their ingrained lore of figntug. They haw always been the favorite hunting-ground* or soldiers of fortune, and general? aubi tior.3 of prc emioerce and not-pver-eerapv loos as to the means of attaining it; and their inhabitantt, like the typical Iruhsiaq, never seem to be at peace except when they am at loggerheads. From title universal mams for fighting, whether among themulres or with their neighbors, Chili has bi&erto; been to a large extent free. It has enjoyed the reputation of being honest and wall governed, though surrounded by neighbors " who have been by habit and repute dis-' honest and disorderly. Its national debt has never been so recklessly incurred or sa. , extravagantly eguandared on Illegitimate purposes as those of its turbulent anil impe cunious neighbors, and its temperate climate has offered special atteastioes to colonists of Basque extraction, wbfle raons of the hardy bill tribes of northern Spain hsva shown more desire diligently to cultivate the arts of peace than those of war, Tha Governments which border on Chili ban not been unobservant of this, nor slow to take advantage, of this indisposition *to quarrel by making encroachments and dis regarding expostulations, until at last As ' Chilians, weary of concession and forbear-- ' arce, have been ftmtwfl into the conviction t&at; the time has come when it would l? cheaper, safer, and more poKtic for them_at-. once to go to war. .:. iri v For a long time back Bolivia and Chili hare been unable to agree'asto 'a matter of disputed frostier, bat until lately the sup posed worthleamessof the land in question prevented jmy active measures of'no'rtflity about its settlement; When it Vav dis covered,, however, that -tins territory m * especially rich in nitate^of sods; Webm-~ promise -was arranged by the Treaty of 1874, in which. Chili agreed to surrender all churn to laud within the 24th degree of latitude,provided taat for twenty five yeani after the signature of the treaty Bolivia would undertake not to imposeanydntyor lax on .Chilian enterprise carried on in the next degree of latitude, viz, the 23rd. Inthft faithof this treaty Chilian capital was large!j invested in works at Antofagasta, and^av most profitable and extensive trade was established there. Only four years after this arrangement had been concluded, the Bolivian .Government being at their wits* end to make both ends meet, determined to tax the nitrate of soda produced withitt the ceded territory at the rate-rf 10 cento, per quintal or hundredweight; demanding arrears, moreover, to the extent -of £18,000, and ending by coolly confiscating the plant -and property of the Company, including'* railway eighty-seven miles lonjr, of the total value of over a million sterling. All this has been done on the plea" that the Bolivian Governraenthadnscmded alt«rrante: made to the Chilian Government, and that this property tad thus tevertedte the Bali- i vian Government,*' It is apt to be ,won? dered at that even a more long-suffering people fthan the -Chltisns should hara become impatient unaeT?UchUxa?tment, and should ultimately have taken measures to.- ' protect the property of their own subjected and assert their treaty sights *by forcibly reoccupying the land which they laal sur rendered on terms repudiated fey the other parties to the compact. No doubt the Bolivians in so acting, if they have not been instigated by Peru, have had good reason to reckon on the active supportTpf . that Republic The Peruvians have never forgotten or forgiven the victorious occu pation of their capital by the Chilians in 1838; and in addition to their desire to wipe oat the disgrace of former defeat, tbey have material inducement in the hope that they will be able to push their own tra&a; with Bolivia if Chili were thus weighted by a heavy protection duty, for Bolivia itself has little command of Baa coast. 'At all events,. under' a treaty whose existence had hitherto been kept secret, Bolivia has successfully *a«um?fl her neighbor's help, and ihe three countries have commenced the struggle. What the result may be if Hie war is permitted to run its course is hard to say. The small army of Bolivia, ought to be well seasoned if constant fami liarity with revolutions can breed veterans. * The soldiers of Peru are for the most part Indians, but the wars of General Lopez show that Indians can fight well; and while the Chilians have a compact and eervicesWa i Standing army, tkey^iave also for defensive pnrposes a National Guard of 25,000 men. In naval warfare the Bolivians are useless. The Peruvians have Wo monitors and two ironplada, tbe most powerful of which has already been sunk; and the Chilian fleet is believed to be more powerful than that of its opponents; bat much will depend on the manner in which the sbip3 are handled. A* yet little Oat ia definite has been done. The Chilians have inflicted a defeat on the Bolivian army, and are said to be preparing a force of 10,000 men to operate against Cattao, while the Peruvian ironclad Huascar claims to have raised the blockade at Iquique, and to have had the best of it in an encounter with two Chilian war-ships. So long as it lasts the war will be san guinary enough, bat the period of its con* innance is largely a matter of money. All the combatants have recently been in the American market for materials of war, bat the merchants there significantly state that their terms are cash only. It is on this point of finance that the interests of the foreign bondholders are concerned. The debt of Pern and Bolivia united is over £46,000,000, four-fifths of which earn is due toJSnropean bondholders, while the esti mated expenditure of these countries exceeds their revenue by a million and a half. Chili owes only £11,000,000, which lias been spent in useful and reproductive worlte, and her revenue quite balances her ordmary expenditure, so that even if unsuc cessful in the present war her case would not be hopelesi; while in the event ef her holding the laud she has seized she will be assured of a Ifirge and permanent addition to her revenue. With Peru and Bolivia it is different; whatever the fortunes of war may bring about, they must emerge from this conflict more deeply in debt, and with less prospects of meeting it, and this with the well-known repudiating tendencies of these Governments, constitutes a some ivhat dismal outlook for those whose money is locked up in their hands. Hut the gloomy prospects of South Am«ryT" Stocks are not bounded by the present limits c." the conflict. Both parties are casting abont for allies, and with auch abundance of inflammable materials in the surrounding nations, any torch may serve to kindle a general and devastating conflagration. Bolivia seeks to stir up the Argentine Republic to take the present opportunity of renewing her old difficulty ■with Chili about the Patagonian frontier, , and Chili is inciting Brazil to reaew her J claim to some of the Amazonian territory of ! Pern; so that before this little affair is fleftled it is quite possible that three-fourths of the continent of South America may te involved. To prevent such a calamity it has been suggested that S3me of the Great Powers, and especially England, should intervene, and Insist on the combatants coming to terms. In the interests of j humanity this might be desirable, bat on j what plea England or any other nation could interfere in a quarrel where her mediation is not asked by either party it is sol so easy to see. The present state of things and the future outlook may be bad for the bondholder, but in thi? case the re marks which Mr. Bright recently made •boat the Egyptian bondholders have a force which they did not possess in their original reference. They knew the risk they ran when they invested their money. •* The fools who lend their money and the gamblers who speculate with it" in foreign Stocks which are liable to so many con tingencies most lay their account to meet losses, which it is folly to expect any Government to help them to a void or repair. It is to be hoped that lessons like those which have recently been given wili not be lost on, th« moneyed classes who are seeking fresh and lucrative outlets for their surplus fprafyl, and induce them for the future to gnvgnsterheed in their investments to lands peopled by their own countrymen and protected by their own flag. They would not obtain the promise of such high interest^ feet would have, the satisfaction of feeling confulent thai what was agreed upon would ke paid, and they have no such security when they place their capital at the mercy «f senuVcivilised States and self-seeking Presidents or ambitious Generals. Two London steamers, the Cyphrenes and the Oity'of London, am now due. The Corner smiled on the 28th of Jane, «nd the latter <m the 3rd of July. The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court «ac continued on Friday, before Hii Koaar Mr: Justice Booeaat. The case of Heylen t. Heyleav a wife'* petition for a jadicial separa %Mm~ o^ (he priMinHi of cruelty and insufficient was decided in favor of the tuubaad. Mjv George Bean has sent in his report j to &? Government on the probability of a dix- Mood-field beicg foond at Echnnga, and we un derstand that he not only report* favorably of that .district, but states that there are many other places in the oolouy where diamonds are likely to be found. The Be*. B. SI. Hunter gave his lectara I onTbeSkottub Covenanters"inthe Pirie-street IdufiiHi Hall en Friday erasing, August IS, in wnwtion whh the Firie • street Mutual TlimmMMnl flsiini iiiiisi There was a mode- j rateatteodaooe. The Ber.T.Lloyd (President of the Association) occupied the chair. The lectors was greatly appreciated, and at the cine Mr. Hunter received a well-deserved vote of t^Mlfc* It is estimated (says the Mining Journal) that the lom in wages occasioned by the late •taifce of colliers at Durham amount* to 4M4OQQ. £24ff£0O?f which was borne by the smb. Bach mi.,er has, it is said, lost £8 in wagcaiaastriki! infaining 1J per cent better tenos-tbao the owners offered at first, 1} ner cent being 3d. ia tte pound. She 'esriliera will bare to work 9J jaws toxeeovar the £& without - n f tswiag interett. At s meeting of the Committee of the Home for Incurables held to consider the apsli ntiqO?'fot the cffiees of Mstron and Steward, t waciwolred to appoint Mr. and BCra, 3ppdioe. Mnch other bnrines* was attended to connected with the preparation of the Home for occupa tion^amttha pabTie will be pleased *o know that the arrangements are aoforwaid that the insfita tion will-?bortly be ready for inmates. The roles for admission tare ateo been passed, partienUrs of which o«a be learned from the Secretary. Who would not be a soldier P If there ■US ••y WaWWMI- B6FB Of GBCWDCEB Wao C«UIXLI>t* make np their mind* as to whether they will so sad fight ttoZolns,th« following paragraph from \beCkatham and Soekater Journal should •etas aa Beeosivs to prempt decision:—''ln ooosideratioo of the gallantry displayed by the SMti- oummhrioaed efficers and men at Borke's Drift, the iace has been su>esio?ed of one pair «f trousers and one flannel skirt to each nun who wss present on tfswesnbn to compensate for Jmsjywxjfathinfr- Ib eO?neefian witb the rolunter force it nay be mentioned tfast the esptain for next ■mmk is Captain Madley, and the Subalteru- LhaiWart. Corporals S. Patterson aad If M. Msaytim haring paned their qualifying -aasate&a; an eligible tor promotion. A irnibarat officers and non-commiosio?ed officers saWjomed tbemaalves into a eUss for th? oarpamof tearomg arm; signalling, sad they neaji-te devote every Tuesday atteroooa t? aUstasjiA of study. GokoelDawnaiiatogir; « itufllM next week on "The bittfe of Tas *a?awt(?ll«?ri?). In mite of the so-called " tight times," a great deal of building is going on in the prin cipal suburbs, mnd is North Kensington espe cially this is noticeable. Mr. J. Ruthven has within the last eighteen months finished no lew than twelve villa residences in that locality, while two more are nearly completed and two are in course of erection. Most of these houses have been sold, and Mr. Buthven intends build ing others very shortly. The fronts of these houses are built of freestone obtained from Mr. Buthven's quarry at Magill, and water has been after considerable trouble laid on. The following is Friday morning's weather report on toe Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line:—Bel tana, calm, dear, fine, pleasant; Farina, N.W., light, clear, fine, pleasant]; Strangways Springs, N.W., strong, Lazy,cold; Pfeake, &, fresh, clear, fine, cold; Charlotte Waters,B.E,moderate,cloudy,dull; Alice Springs, EJ5.8., light, cloudy, fine; Barrow Creek and Tennant Greek, B.EL, light, clear, fine, warm; Powell Creek, N.W, light, clear, fine; Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine, warm; Katherine, calm, clear, fine, cool; Pine Creek and Tain. Creek, 5.8.. light, clear, fine, hot; Southport and Port Darwin, SB, light, dear, fine. The following, from the pen of a writer in London Truth, exhibits at oucc the feeling ia Russia and the divergence in the political views of the Ozar and the Grand Duke Alexander :— Quite lately, as the Czar entered his box at the Grand Theatre, St. Petersburg (immediately before his departure for Livadia), a part of tha audience arose and shouted, "Long lire the Czar!" The greatest part of the public, how ever, substituted the cry of " A Constitution P 1 ! a tumult ensued, with the usual interference of the police; numerous arrests were made, and the Sovereign, after a while, retired from his box. The Heir-Apparent remained, and was at once saluted with enthusiastic applause and renewed cries of " A Constitution!" Messrs. \V. W. Gall ft Son, the sole agents in the colony for the Royal Worcester I'orcelam Company, hare just received per Moriallrie a large consignment of the porce lain wares manufactured by this Company. There is a very fine assortment of teapots, kettles, table decorations, flower and trait stands, cheese and egg stands, flower baskets, tea sets, and many other articles pertaining to dinner, tea, and breakfast tables. The designs of the various articles are in some cases beautiful and elegant, and in others unique and novel. I The flower stands are tastefully painted by hand, and the whole are carefully and artisti cally finished. This company, we understand, I has gained a considerable reputation for its wares, and no doubt the goods imported by M<s;m. Gall & Son will meet with a ready sale. TLe rainfall between 9 a. to. on Thurs day and the same hoar on Friday is regis tered as follows:— A large deputation of representatives of Corporations and District Councils waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Friday morning, and brought under his notice various objections to a circular he had recently issued to lecal bodies, requiring them to obtain the approval of the Commissioner before incurring any expenditure of private subscriptions upon public works. The chief objection raised was that many useful works would be retarded and others never executed if the terms of the circular were rigidly enforced. The Commissioner, in reply, said the circular had been issued for the protection of local bodies as well as for the benefit of the Govern ment. He believed that the Association of District Chairmen intended to hold a meeting with reference to the circular, and, pending the decision then arrived at, he would suspend the operation of the circular. He wonld communi cate his final decision to the deputation on the Ist of September. Axent the wonderful likeness of Prince Jerome with Napoleon L, which is (says a writer in Lotion Truth) perhaps tbe best of his political capital, the following instance of the vanity of glory is related by the Prim* personally. Hie was travelling in the mountains of Auvergne, and saving left his carriage for the sake of walking a few miles, he had occasion to ask bis way from a young peasant, and he rewarded him with a piece ol silver. It happened to be one with tbe effigy of Napoleaa 1., and having noticed the fact, the Prince asked the young man whether he knew who he was. " No, air, I dan't," was the reply. a Look at ' that piece of silver; don't you see tine likeness?" "Oh, yes! How strange!" "Well, I am a nephew of the man on that piece—Napoleon." "Bat who. is this Napoleon?" returned the rustic He had never heard the name before. A diamond brought from Echunga by Captain Warren, who is now endeavoring to form a company to work some claims he has taken up there, has been shown to the Gatcler Standard, which paper says, "the stone is of a pale straw color, and about 1£ carats in weight. It was suggested that a good test of the quality of the stone would be given if it were tried in the Hi«imnd MfawuwiTgMing Tnmtiino ?hj"h ill at work at the Albion Hills, Gawler, and Captain Warren banded it over for the purpose. Tha person in chtrge of the machine, who has had a. very large experience with various kinds of diamonds, reports that the stene is far superior to South African ones, being much harder, and therefore of better quality. The friction of the ' work fcas had the effect of polishing the stone, drawing that it is a real brilliant. After having been in use on two pairs of stones there is a slight wear, bat before a real test can be given a fuither trial is Leeessary. Wtat has been done, however, is very satisfactory." The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Friday, the Chief Jus tice presiding. John Meyers, charged with an indecent assault, p'.eaded guilty, and was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment. Charles F uher, charged with stealing- from a dwelling house, and Herman Stubing, charged with mw s'aughter, were acquitted and discharged. Johu Arcott, alias Havner, was found guilty of an a'tempt to commit an unnatural offence, and was sentenced to be imprisoned for three yeses with hard labor, and to receive one whipping of 25 lashes. CorneliusJLyons^charged with false pretences, was oonvietcd, and sentenced to one year's imprisonment with hard labor. The Court adjourned till Tuesday morning, when tbe first ease taken will be that of Johanna Sullivan, charged with murder. The first ease op Wednesday will be that of Abigail Fitz gerald, charged with manslaughter. As many. as possible of the ™"'"?""g cases will be taken on Tuesday, and the rest will be proceeded with on Wednesday; but it is probable that several days will be required to finish the calender. Wiiting from Alice Springs on June 10, a correspondent of the tit,-Oura Argus says :— " Daring the month of April the weather waa very cold, more so than I have felt it before, and I have been living on the Overland Tele graph six or seven years. About Hay 1 ice ap peared on the water in the mornings. The country is clothed with grass, and Allen Water, wfcere the Government sheep are lambing, is beautiful. There are thousands of wild ducks and swans on the water, but being shot at a few times they soon become shy. The natives don't show up now, as they speared some sheep not long since, bat not much notice is taken of them. A trooper has lately been stationed here, but whether he will be of any service remains to be seen. The polios havedooe so good as yet on this line. There are two or three Charlotte Water blacks at the station, their duty being to hunt for horses, but they are destructive and wasteful wretches, and not worth the 'tucker'they consume. I reckon that Mr. Cooper who went through will wish himself back in settled districts again. By all accounts bis overland trip will be a failure. It is a poor speculation to ge on in such a miserable country. On May 19 we bad a heavy fall of rain which lasted nineteen hours, and was unexpected at that time ef theyear,andaboutthe2&tn; of the same month tain amemAeA for SO noun, which caused great loss of lambs, and the percentage in consequence Is low. There seems to be some disease this year among the sheep—frothing at the mouth. The country would grow anything if we bad regular rains. The late wet weather was quite an exception to all former years, there being no rains after March. Garden stuff grows well here if attended to, but one must do a deal of watering; and it is not a well-watered country— ue n permanent waters. Being an old Northerner, I consifler when you leave Mount Remarkable the country gradually gets worse in regard to land and timber,except in a few spots." A special meeting of the Council of the National Rifle Association was held at the Staff Office on Friday afternoon, August 14. There was a good attendance. Lieut.-Colonel Scott presided. The conditions in regard to the matches to be held in December were con- sidered, and the programme was partly gone into, its further consideration being postponed until another meeting. The Secretary of the New South Wales Rifle Association wrote, answering a communication from the Council, and stating that the terms of the International Match had been fully considered before the conditions were issued. He pointed out the number of different weapons used among the competitors invited, and said to bring all these together on equal terms would be almost impossible, although perhaps as far as New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia were concerned there would be little difficulty. The Victorian men had soon got accustomed to the rifle used in Sydney when firing there, and in this instance there would be sufficient practice to enable all competitors to do so. The question had again been considered by the Sydney Council, who determined not to alter the conditions which had been made. The Secretary was instructed to reply, saying that the Council felt sorry at the result of the corres- pondence, but unless the teams competed with their own weapons a team under the aus- pices of the Council would be debarred from competing. W. J. Ponder, Hon. Secretary of the Saddleworth Rifle Company, wrote, stating that the company being under the number of twenty, he with regret sent in their resigna- tions. Action to recover subscriptions due by this company was directed to be taken. In answer to a communication from the Captain of Adelaide No. 1 Company, as to the definition of Rule 10 referring to " any position except lying on back," the Secretary was instructed to reply that the rule applies equally to com- pany practice and matches and Council prize matches, or to class-firing only. On Friday morning, August 15, a depu tation, consisting of Messrs. C. S. Hare, MJ*., W. Cavenagh, M.P, J. Darling, M.P., P. Hswitt (Chairman of the Muuno Para West District Council). J. Haley, J. Hastwell. G. Warrsn, W. Smithsm, and C. B. Jones, waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. Thos. King) to ask that a school might be built at Penfield. The deputation stated that the present sohool was held in the District Council Chamber. The Government had already purchased land, and a teacher's house had been erected. There was an average attendance of foity children, but if a proper school were provided there would be an attendance of from sixty-five to seventy, as there was no other school within a raiiasof four and a half miles. It was also stated that the present building was in a very bad state of repair, and not fit to be used for the purpose. The Minister said he was glad the deputation had waited on him, as he was not aware the attendance was so large as they had stated. The matter had oc cupied the attention of the department, and during the last month the architect bad. pre pared plans tor a building. (Hear, bear.) How ever, before tenders were called for he would see that a school large enough to meet their wants was built. On a recent visit to Salis bury and Smithfield, he found that in the first place the school was too small, and in the other place it was too large. It was therefore very necessary to exercise great care is the erection of schools, so that they should be suitable for the require ments of tfie neighborhood. Mr. Darling said the population of Penfield was an increasing one. He thought a school large enough to ac commodate one hundred children should be built. Mr. Hare, in thanking the Minister, said be was glad the Government had reserved tour acres of ground for school purposes, and he hoped that in addition to building thesjhoal the Government would assist the resideats in planting trees on the grounds. The Glenelg Literary Association held a very successful meeting on Thursday evening, August 14. The President of tbe Association (Rev. O. Manthorpe) occupied the chair. In spite of the inclement weather there was a large attendance. The programme consisted of a paper on " Wit and Humor" by the Chairman, and Scotch readings by Mr. Wm. Storrie. The proceedings were commenced by Mr. Storrie reading in his usual happy style the amusing account of " Kirstie Macpherson's trip to Lon- don by electric telegraph." which was greatly applauded. The Chairman then read an able and interesting paper on " Wit and Humor." After defining the meaning of the words, the diffe rent forms in which wit and humor are met with were amusingly described, and illustrations from SydneySmith, Butler, Swift. Hood, Thackeray, Artemus Ward and Mark Twain were given. Wit should, he said, always be natural and spontaneous, and he remarked that it was often painful to witness the at- tempts at wit made by some persons. Wit should not be immoderately indulged in, and should never be coarse, grim, or ill natured. He considered the London Punch entitled to all praise in this respect; its cartoons and witty paragraphs had exposed many shams and impositions. He never liked to see wit em ployed to degrade sacred subjects. When kept within bounds it served many good ends. The essayist here gave the names of thechief English, Scotch, Irish, and American humorists, with two readings, viz., "Swift's satire on pretended philo sophers and projectors," and the well-known extract from j"Tbe Innocents at Home," in which Scotty Brings's, visit to the minister is described. Tbe clever manner in which this reading was given fairly convulsed the audience with laughter. He concluded by saying that although this sketch was exaggerated he con sidered it contained true humor. Bvery God given faculty 'should be employed, but no one power should be usedto the neglect of others,and all should be devoted to useful and laudable ends. The rev. gentleman was warmly ap plauded an resuming his seat. Mr. Storrie then gave two readings, entitled'' The Broken Bowl" and "Mansie Wauch at the Play," which created great merriment and pleasure. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and to Mr. Storrie brought a very pleasant meeting to an end. An adjourned meeting of the Children's Hospital Committee wes held in the Bsard- rossi of the Hospital, North Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, August 15. There was a lirge attendance. The Hon. J. Colton presided. JTbe Treasurer reported that the receipts were £30 Is. 2d.; payments, £172 Ids. Bd.; arnaunt in Bank, £3J00; current account, £23 Us. 7d.; subscriptions up to date, £5,410 153. SI.; an-1 amount paid on account of building, £3,050. The Hon. Dr. Campbell read the meiical stiff leport 88 follows:—"A meeting of tbe staff was held on July 30. There were present— Drs. Magarey, Verco, A. Campbell, W. Campbell, Way, and Curtis. It was rccsoi mended to the General Committee:—l. That ttie North Adelaide outdoor dispensary be closed after August 15. 2. That the Hospital be cpened on August 6 for the admission of patients. S. That a discretionary power be given to the Acting-Committee t> admit paying patients on tbe pare merits of the case, as apparently no fairly work ing rule can be formed on the subject. 4. That tbe amount to be charged be not less than 10s.' and not over 90s. a week. This role should not override tbe general one that any child whose psrenta can pay for medical attendance at home should not be eligible for admission. 5\. That the rule requiring an applicant for oat door relief to bring the recommendation of a duly qualified subscriber be brought into operation on the Ist of September. 8. That a list of subscribers be hung up at the dispensary. Currie-Btreet." The report was adopted. A re port on the dismissal of Miss Hlil was con sidered. The Sub-Committee found that the differences between Miss Hill and the Lady Superintendent were such that it was impossible to reappomt her. The report was adopted. An application from Miss Hill for a year's salary was received and referred to a Sub-Committee for action. Mr. CS-rundy stated that tbe firm of Ingleby & Grundy would be glad to do what they coal* to get the Society incorporated. The Chairman considered that it was of the highest importance to have the Society incorporated. A resolution empowering Mr. Qruudy to carry out the work was passed. The necessity of appointing ■ House Com mittee was discussed, and Dr. Oampbell proposed that Mesdames Oolton. Carter, Campbell, Jacobs, Wills, and Glyde be ap pointed* temporary House Committee. Carried. Tbe Treasurer was empowered to pay the salary of the Lady Superintendent from month to month. It was stated that there were seven children in tbe Hospital already. The propriety of having a formal opening was discussed, and. the President, Messrs. Oolton, Mildred, and Dr. Campbell, and tbe Secretary were appointed a Committee to fix the day and make theneees aary arrangements. The Rnni ftary reported that Mr. Abcock, who was an nnsoceesaful tenderer for the supply of mattresses to tbe building, had made a present of his sample. To be acknowledged with thanks. The Chairman stated that he had just been informed that the proceeds of a concert given by Mr. Clark and the Grote-sbeet Model Bchool children in aid of the funds of the Hospital amounted to £81. A vote of thanks waa passed to Mr. Clark and the children. A final sale of goods in connection with the Children's Ba star, which was recently opened by lady Jsrvois, will be held to-.i&y; in St. Joseph's, Kensington. The Adelaide, Glanelg, and Suburban Hallway Company announce that on and after Anenst 17, the 2.45 np train on Sondays will call at Good wood. We are informed that 3,000 copies of the Australian Dictionary of Dates and Hen of the Time had been sold in Sydney up to August 8, or in about two months from the first appear ance of the work. The Mitcham Tramway Company intend running extra cars to-day for the convenience of those « ho wish to witness the Hunt Club meet at Pellatt Villa. An entertainment is to be given in the Gouger- street Academy this evening by an Ethiopian Minstrel Company. There was a medium attendance at White's Booms on Friday evening to witness the Ghost entertainment. To-night, is the last of the exhibition. There was a fair attendance at the Tu satre on{Friday*evening t when the burlesque of " Blue beard" was repeated. The leading memb :rs of the company acquitted themselves to the satis faction of the audience, and were frnqiently called before tbe curtain. The j : .uni.3 billet caused great amueement,an<i ■*•«.. redeiniadel. ** Bluebeard" is to be lepeaW i to-night for the last time. Football matches wili bo played tais afternoon as follows: — Victorious v. Ade laides, at Montefiore Hill; Norwoods v.Sjuth Parks,on the Norwood ground; Kensington v. South Adelaide, on Kensington Oval. Second Twenties—Adelaide v. Victorian, on Adelaide ground; South Park v. Norwood, on South Park ground; Kensington v. South Adelaide, on South Adelaide ground. The first entertainment by a profess I*-. \\\ company that has yet taken place at, Wilming ton was given by the Lynch Family of BaUriugers on Wednesday evening. There was a crowded attendance, about 200 persons being present. Theentertaiumtnt passed off successfully, and at the conclusion Mr. Lynch thanked the audience for their patronage. Tbe Belliingers during tbe ensuing week will appear at Laura and Port Fine. The brilliant success which has been achieved by Mdlle. Sarah Bernhardt hi London must be very gratifying to her; but the enthu siasm which she has excited was nothing more than she bad a right to expect. The practical outcome of her visit to England will, however, be even more welcome to her than the furore she has created. The Sporting and Dramatic .A'exu Bays:—Mddle. Bernhardt has resigned her place among the tocietaira of the Oom&lie; Fran9aise, but her resignation does not take effect until after her return to France. The great actzew has signed an engagement to go to America next November, wheresheu to travel for two years, to be paid with all expenses £80,000, an average of £130 a night for the year. A musical and literary entertainment was given at the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association, Salisbury Chambers, on Friday evening, August 15. There was a large attendance, and Mr. G. & Fowler, M.P., pre sided. The programme consisted of pianoforte solos, dnets, songs, readings, and recitations, and was rendered throughout in a capital manner by the Misses Marshall, Vandepeer, Charlton, and Weller, and Messrs. F. Anderson, Pomeroy.B. Brookman. F. Johnson, and others. The entertainment was considered a graat success, and 60m the hearty tuwp^t in which the different performers were applauded it was evident that their efforts gave every satisfaction. Mr. W. H. Charlton ma a very efficient con ductor. The first of a series of popular concerts under tbe auspices of His Worship the Mayor and the members of tbe City Council is to be givtn in the Town Hall this evening. Tae musical arrangements generally are under tie supervision of Mr. Gea. Oughton; and those who remember the most successful of the Saturday night concerts provided last year by the then Mayor of Adelaide (the H?n. Henry Scott) will accept Mr. Ooghton's con nection with the present experiment a? a guarantee that nothing but really gool music will be submitted, and readily believe that its exposition will be entrusted to capable and efficient bands. The programme for to-night's concert has been most judiciously prepared. There is a little to please every legitimate taste, and there is mncb that will recommend itself to all lovers of refined nrasic. The performance will commence at 8 o'clock. The prices are fixed so as to meet the pockets of all classes, the front chairs being Is., and ttie back seats od., while the gallery is free. Mr. Oaghton will act as Musical Director and Organist, Mr. W. B. Pybus as pianist, and the Volunteer Military Band will play three selections. Tho third and final match between the members of tbe Karridy and Bedbill Rifle Com panies took place at BedhiU on Thursday, August 14, and resnlted in favor of the visitors. The weather was favorable for shooting, and there was a Urge number of persons present to witness the match. Bach man bad five shots at a Government regulation target. The follow ing are the results: — The prices are The fancy ball given at Government House on Thursday deserves more than a bare notice, on account of the artistic taste and knowledge displayed by so many of the hun dreds of gnests who enjoyed the hospitality of His Excellency and Lady Jervois. It is too commonly, and not unnaturally, the habit to regard such entertainments as amusements pure and simple, and no doubt it is for that object mainly they are given, and in that spirit people take part in them. It is quite possible, how ever, on such occasions to increase enjoyment by blending instruction with it, and ic it. wsith while to remember that some minds sxc so constituted that they cannot be brought to acquire knowledge unless it is pre sented in a pleasant facile manner. SucU a gathering as that of Thursday has the effect of imparting easy lessons ic ethnol-jjv, *s it pictures the appearance and garments uf different races of men at different ages of the vrcrld's history, while some of the sober cos tumes of Scglish men and women of our o>vu day eetve as foils to the gorgeous suites of the Elizabethan era, the imposing garb of the Asiatics, and the gay attire to be found ia Southern Europe and wherever the sunny skies prince light hearts and a lore of pleasure and ornament. It must have been pleasant to the patriot to meet with "our Saxon Harold" and General Fairfax, with Sir Thomas More aud his fair daughter, among the crowd of gay courtiers who flirted so desperately and fought so bra .vly in tbe days of Raleigh and the times of Kupert. Admirers of life on the ocean wave saw British tars holding their own among Tunisian pirates, while here and there a Commodore was suggestive of the discipline which makes valor effective. The Maori and tbe Choctaw fraternised (with the pale face, but no Zulu put in an appearance, possibly the ex treme scantiness ofliia clothing being con sidered an objection. There were Arabs and Afghans, Turks and Bussians; the heathen Chinee conversed with Father Christmas, aud mingling together were bakers and .Bedouins piiestSjpigdrivexs, policemen, postmen, troopers, Highlanders and Garibaldians, and men ot many nationalities and many crafts. Con spicuous among them all was Robinson Crusoe, dad from head to foot in goat skins, and carry ing an umbrella manufacturel tram the same material. He shouldered an old mnsket; pistols and knives were stuck in his belt, and a parrot trustingly perched upon his shoulder completed the picture. In the characters assumed by the ladies there was equal variety and of coutre infinitely greater attractiveness; from peeress to peasant all wore lovely. The softer sex did not undertake representations of the savage order, to that there were no Maod beauties or American-Indian squaws, bat in numbers' might be seen gipsies, fortune tellers, and many fair women, among whom in the —"*"?« of the Am**^ or the throng of on looker* appeared the Queen of Soots, DL Venion, Shakespenan heroines, duchesses, fruit girls, ambulance nurses with the red cross, quakeresses, vestal virgins, Spanish, Italian, and Oriental beauties, and representatives of all climes; and conditions. What was especially noticeable was the fact that in the great majority of instances the characters weretboM best suited to the persons assuming them. T ;'.e baU was altogether a brilliant success, and we nnderatand that visitors new to the colouy were equally pleased and astonished at the displi/ tbey witnessed. Adelaide ... 0OJ0 Anbum ... 0O50 Blancbetown ... 0-020 Caltowie ... 0-010 CapeBorda ... 0^40 OapeJema ... 0-040 Clue 0040 Farrell's Flat... 0O90 Gawler... ... 0O80 Gtuneracha ... 0.760 Hoyleton ... 0-010 Jamestown ... 0-010 Kiogeoote ... 0-085 Kingston ... 0080 Kooring? ... 0020 Manoam ... 0080 Milice.t „ 0040 Mount Barker 0 230 Mount Pleasant 0330 Mount Torrens 0-310 Nbarlonga ... 0-070 Normanrflle ... 0175 OverUndCorner 0*030 Port Elliot ... 0010 Port Lincoln... 0410 Port Pirie ... 0-010 BedbiU ... 0010 Kivertan ... 0150 Stansbury .., 0 ISO Strangway'aSp. 0110 Tanondm ... 0450 WtHnnga ... 0210 Yorketown ... 0-010 Yawls—200 250 300 400 500 TU. !apt. Western ... 14 18 17 19 13 81 ieot Brock ... 20 20 18 16 1? 91 nent.Boberta ... 13 16 16 17 17 85 VivateDixon ... 10 17 U 14 13 6# ■rtrate Forter ... 14 13 8 14 9 '58 77 84 71 80 69 381 PKpfTrrx.- Yaria—200 350 200 400 500 Ttl. iient. Bobertaon ... 16 17 15 16 9 73 ientWaddell ... 14 14 17 18 15 79 leigt. Ecynolds ... 17 18 15 14 15 79 fivafeHcFarlaae... IS 18 14 14 15 79 Virote Baldwin ... 13 17 11 17 10 68 78 81 72 80 61 378 