I THE "WHISPERED STORY. . TUET told ms that tba hausa was haunted. Nothing had been sean in the shape ot on apparition by those who resided there ; there WSB no terrino distúrbanos, .no bright, mysterious light, but thora wis K general belief that.the houso was haunted. The ghost was a woll-behavod ghost, and modest. On Inquiring of one who hud slept thora, I learned that ho had heard nothing eroopt a ooufuned murmur, a eound of low, Indistinct spoeob, ns of some one trying to spoak while suffering under aphony. It WAS a laborious whisper, of which a word now and then was audlole. I asked bim what words, and ho told wo that two ho rornembored--" falls*' and " boab," but no others. The only thing rumarkabla about that nra« that others who bsd slept there had. beard the same words. That gave me, I waa anre, a key to the matter, and I smiled. I concluded the purchase of the home that very day.' It was cheap enough. Nobody would live in it, and it was rotting through disuse. Thai owner, who needed reidy cub, waa glad to get rid of his profitless property. The house itself was a comfortable mansion, that eost lO.OOOdol to build, and the ground rather more than three acres, and had been hand- somely laid out in trees and shrubbery, though now overgrown with brambles. Tba architect assured me that ISOOiol. would put the house and grounds in order and add modern conveniences. Sa I bought it for SOOOdol. down, and had the necessary repairs made, their cost overrunning the estimate nearly 200 lol. So that for 4000dol. I obtained a handsome and convenient dwell- ing on the banks ot a noble river, with the tiny demesne sloping to tbe south-west, having picturesque views os either hand, and ia ? good neighbourhood. Tho night before my family were to remove to lt I took up my lodging in the house alone, having had a pallet M i down in the library. I suppose the «tories I had heard, though I had laughed at them, mad* their impression on my mind. Suoh things always do, in spit« of reason. A vagua feeling of uneasi- ness fills us In the presence of mystery even though our curiosity er our pride gets tbo better of our terror, and wa probe the thing to the.bottom, or try to. That may account for my restlessness, for I waa restless and wtkeful. I had been busy all day in ar- ranging furniture, and in directing the men at work on the grounds, in the latter case handling the spade aud mattook myself quite often, and was thoroughly tired. Yes I could not sleep. It was ten, o'clock when I turned down the light so that it only gaye a faint glimmer, and ky down. Eleven o'clock came, and twelve, and I still tossed on ray couch with open eves. When the «oho ol tbe list stroke of the be'l ol the ohurch -in the neighbouring town of B-died awty, I felt there was something or-someono in the room. I sprang up, turned the light onfall, and grasped the loaded revolver which lay on tho library-table. There was no one there certainly that I conld Bee, and the door WAS locked, and I laughed at my alarm. The next moment,- as I threw myself in the ' great arm-chair, I felt there was someone close to me. Just then there was a low and laboured whisper at my right oar. The words were distinct, though faintly uttered :. "LBt me tell you my story." I sprang up and looked around. Nothing there. It appeared to be imagination, and I yet I felt terror. - Was I an ase? I wa», undoubtedly. The whisper carno again : " You must listen." I felt that to be true. The thin, ioy, forced whisper held me by a spell. I could not have moved had fl unes burat out around me. Body and mind seemed stricken with palay. I could hear, but nothing more. TSsn the whisper returned, and I can remember all that followed, word for word, and eau write lt out, again and again, without varying a word or letter. " It wa« three tulles above the cataract. As I stood upon the river bank I could seo, even at that point, with what swiftness the Niagara was hurrying toward the fatal plunge. There was a skiff tied to a root on the bank, and as it afforded me a seat 1 stepped in and Bat down in the stern-sheets. There I played with my hands in the stream and listened to the distant, incessant roar of tho boiling waters. As I sat there I thought of my young wife hundreds of miioB away, whom I had left a few days before to attend to some buelneas lu Canada, and whom I was to rejoin tba next day, ' having taken this point on my way homeward. I sat there with my eyes half alosed, and then, throwing myself backward, was lulled to sleep by the monotonous noise. How long I slept I do not know, but a piercing Bhrlek, rising above the dull roir of tha fails, awakened me. I looked around. The boat had broken looai and I was far out in the stream and drifting rapidly toward the falls. I Bprang up to aeiz3 tho oars and pull to shore. There were no eira in tbs boat. . " I glanced toward the shore. It seemed tho bauk was lined with men, women and children, who may have called to me, but I could hear nothing. My first Impulsa was to leap ovorboard, but then I could not swim. "A man on the bank threw a lasso. 1 waited the coming of the loop, and. reached my hand toward it, but it fell short. It, was drawn in, and the man, running swiftly to a point further down, tried ag dn. He apparently c wt it with greater toroa, but it fell further off than before. I was being drawn uearer to the centra of the horse-shoe. . " And now there came the lethargy ol despair. I sat there without hops and without fear. My doom was inevitable. The motion of\ the boat grew faster, and faster, the distant banks whirled past me, and then my spirit rose in a kind of ecstasy, I gave a sharp glanos around me and laughed. As the boat struck the edge of the abyss and rosa for tba flual plunge, I aaught sight of a dense, mist; I heard above the roar the rush of a thousand wings ; I taltai though struok with a numbing blow, ano breath and consciousness left me together. \- " It Beamed to be a dream, for when 1 recovóte I I waa here in my own house. Yonder sat my wife, olad in .black, her head busied In her hands. Ye« I it seemed to bi a dream, for though I tried to Speak to hal my lips made no sounds, and I heard nothing, I touched her, but she did not heed, it. J looked around the room bewildered. "It was this library. There on a lom table, whloh did not belong here, lay some thing like a human form, covered by a sheet. What waa lt doing hera ? Whose body lay there? A new and moro unspeakable terroi seized me. I would like to have cried out I could hot. I was dumb. . "My wita arose aud went ta. tho table. 'Now,'I said to myself, ,'I shall know oil. j She raised the cover from her hoad, »nd stooping down,'kissed tho faca of the corpse, Could it be that niy father-in- law, Colone] Bilraulolgh, bad died while I was away? I did not walk, but I was moved by «brm unseen power until I Btood by my wife »nc over tba Head- body and looked,'down. ] knew it all then. I recognised tho cold lifeleas'fice. It was my own." Then tho whisper ceiáed, and I foll in i deep sleep in the chair. It -was dayligb when I awoke. I looked around. ' Had ''. dreamed it all? On the table was tb. fragment of a newspaper. Picking lt up, rn; glanos caught thehame of à former o wnw of the house, and I read as follows : " MELANCHOLY CASUALTY.-A terribl event occurred on F/lday last. Robert Grant pf this village, on his return to . Toronto where ho had been on business, stopped a Niagara. Ha took a walk abovo the falls af te breakfast. Ho must have got in a boat anc lost ar broken the oars-though lt is said ni oars were lu tho boat. Ho waa seen allon by a large orond, of peoplo just above td fall. Every attempt was. made to. reaou him, but unsuccessfully, and he was carrie to his death. His body was recovered o Sunday, and is no*v ort its way hero. H leaves a widow." "" ? I had certainly nevar seen that paragrop before. I nm quite sure of that. Froi that time, out there huvo been z noises in the house, oxcopt suoh as could t easily explained, and th« whispered veli nevar cane again. Yet, if lt.were no dream, or no Imaginary whisper, why should tho ghost have told his story to ms, and why should he tell it at all. 