Good Advice. TO UNMARRIED PEOPLE. MARRY in your own religion. Marry in a family which you have long known. Marry into different blood and temperament from your own. To the Married. Never both be angry at once. Never taunt with a past mistake. Let self-abnegation be tbe habit of both. " I forgot" is never an acceptable excuse. If you must criticise, let it be done lovingly. Never make a remark at the expense of another. Never talk at one another, either at home or in company. Neglect the whole world beside, rather than one another. Give youi warmest sympathies for each other's trials. Never speak loud to one another unless the house is on fire. Let each strive to yield oftenest to the wishes of the other. Always leave home with loving words, for they may be the last Never find fault unless it is perfectly certain a fault has been committed. It is the mother who moulds the character and fixes the destiny of the child. Do not herald tbe sacrifices you make to each other'b taste, habit, or preferences. A hesitating or grim yielding to the wishes of the other always grates upon a loving heart Consult one another in all that comes within the experience, observation, or sphere of the other. Never reflect on the past action, whioh was done with a good motive and with the best judg ment at the time. Historic Slang.—How common is the expres sion, " Ob, she is down in the dumps " —that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, and is supposed to be derived from " Dumpos, King of Egypt who built a pyramid and died of melancholy ;" so that the thieves and gipsies are not all to blame for having given us a few expressive words! We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us —it is the ghost that haunts and pursues us more or less throughout the year—it is the word " dun." It is a word of consequence, for it is at onoe a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon word "dunan," to din or clamor. It owes its immortality—so tradition says—to having been the surname of one Joe Dun, a famous bailiff of Linooln in the reign of Henry VIL, who was so active and dexterous in collecting bad debts that when anyone " became slow to pay " the neigh bors used to say, " Dun him," that is, send Dun after him. " Draw it mild " and "oome it strong " have their origin in music, being the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin-players to play load or gently. From this they have passed into synonyms for exaggeraters and boasters, who are requested either to mode rate their statements or to astonish their audi ence. The word "ooaoh" in these days is a familiar one, as parents know who have to employ tutors to assist their sons to swallow the regula tion amount of "cram" necessary for competi tive exanunation. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pun upon the term "getting on fast/ To get on fast yon must take a ooaoh ; you cannot get on fast in learning without a private tutor ergo, a private tutor is a ooaoh. Another familiar word in university slang is "a regular brick," that is, a jolly good fellow ; and how the simile is logioally deduced is amusing enough. A brick is "deep-red," so a "deep- read" man is a brick. To read like a brick is to read until you are deep "read." A deep-read man, is, in university phrase, " a good man ;" a good man is a " jolly fellow " with non-reading men ; ergo, a jolly fellow is a " brick."— Leslie's Journal. A Sell.—About two weeks ago (says a late Californian paper) as the overland tram was pass ing Cheyenne, the attention of the passengers was attracted by the lamentations of a poor Irish emigrant, whose berth had been robbed during the night, and every penny of his scanty savings stolen, and whose family would therefore arrive beggars in a strange land. The charitable pas sengers at once began a subscription, which finally amounted to over $250. When the money had been handed to the aufforer, a pious plausible looking man, dressed in black, and adorned with a white cravat, drew him aside at one of the stopping-places and said, "My poor man, I am truly sorry for you. Your sad case touches me deeply. I am myself well provided with this world's goods, however, and so will give you §250 more. Here is a $500 gold note. Give me the $250 you have and keep the rest May heaven bless you. The poor Irishman did as requested, with many blessings on the generous stranger, who insisted that his gift Bhould not be made known. When the passengers reached this side of the bay, the pious-looking philanthropist was nowhere to be found, he having accidentally gotten off at Oakland, for reasons of his own. The next day the emigrant repaired to a bank to get his note changed. The teller picked up the bill and began narrowly examining it. " There —there is nothing wrong with the bill, is there ?" gasped the poor fellow. (Now the clevnr reader has Been all along what was going to happen. He has read lots of just such incidents aa this—it is the old old atory. Well, we'll see about that.) " Nothing in the world is the matter with it," said the teller, quietly, and he handed the man fifty tens. That ended it. An anecdote in the last book about Bismarck illustrates the Russian way of doing things. One day, walking with the Czar at St Petersburg, he discovered in the corner of the summer garden an apparently needless sentinel. He asked why the man was placed there. The Emperor did not know. The adjutant did not know. The sentinel did not know, except that he had been ordered there. The adjutant had been despatched to ask the officer of tbe watch, whose reply tallied with the sentinel's—"Ordered." Curiosity awakened, military records were searched without yielding any satisfactory solution. At lastnn old serving man was routed out, who remembered hearing his father relate that the Empress Catherine 11., on<> hundred years ago, had found a snowdrop ou that particular spot and given orders to protect it from being plucked. No other device could bo thought of than guarding it by a sentinel. The order once issued was left in force for a century. 