THEATRICAL MEMS. (from our own correspondent.) . Melbourne, October 15. " The Danites," supported by Mr and Mrs Williamson .and the ablest of the Theatre RoyaLcompahy, drew large ;and appreciative audiences during the early and middle part" of last week, culminating in the benefit of Mrs Williamson, and last appearance of this lucky piece on Friday night, when the house presented a com fortable array of patrons, who, in their' several and various modes, testified their loyalty to the reigning favourites by un stinted applause, and heap3 of bouquets. On Saturday, with pockets well lined, and satisfactory assurances that their property had not waned, these artistes left for Syd ney, where tliey are to appear in the ever lasting "Struck Oil" on Saturday. Mr G. Coppin essayed the part of Old Middlewick in " Our Boys" on Saturday, together with that of the evergreen Benjamin Bowbell, and, although he failed to give entire satisfaction in the first, the au dience, in the second, fully endorsed the opinion generally expressed, that in that particular branch of the act of which Bowbell is a fair example, i.e., the true "Listonian" school, he is without compeer in the Southern Hemisphere, the London Comedy Company, or any other, notwithstanding. This Saturday was an oft night as it were, preliminary to the high saluting announcement that puzzled and was to surprise the Melbourne play goers, and the management took advan tage of the occasion in a display of li berality, intended no doubt to whet the appetites of the public for the grand new piece from the pen of that able dramatist, and compiler, ' Mr Marcus Clark, whose efforts on several previous occasions had resulted in so much pecuniary advantage to the managers and satisfaction to the public. 1 can also believe that the wiley George had another object in view, more potent perhaps than the first. The oc casion was to give him and his partners an opportunity of distributing the net pro ceeds of the evening in various charities, the widow and family of the convict Lawrence claiming first consideration, and thereby running with hare and hounds, as the phrase5 goes, obtaining popularity much wanted, as far as theatrical matters go in these exacting times. A glimmer of the forthcoming elections is on the horizon, and the candidature of East Melbourne should be preceded by at least a show of self-abnegation for which the honourable ex-councillor, presents a notable example. The house was fairly attended, but not- full, as the management expected, and Mr Coppin seized the opportunity of ex pressing a belief that the shortcomings were so not much attributable to tlie non- recognition of the claims of charity, as to the unprbsperous condition of the country, or at least that portion of it which Mel bourne and its suburbs represent. Here, I think, Mr Coppin made a great mistake and nndisguisedly showed his front, arch dodger as he is supposed to be. He could not have conceived so meanly of therintel- figence of the public as to have believed them incapable of detecting the politico- managerial expedient of securing a some thing more than a paying house, and political -hankering for popularity. "YYe need no ghost from the grave to proclaim the' 'liberal ; spirit which animates the bosoms, or what is supposed to underlie them', of the managers of the Theatre Royai. Their modus operandi speaks trumpet-tongued to' afi who chose to see' and listen.- Why) then, this fustian cry of charity) over so transparent an object, and' why parade' the necessity of the Lawrence family as if they were the only Unfortunates) to; whom-' the doles of the Theatre Royal ' management would be ac ceptable." . Mr Cbppm means to ' stand for East ' Melbourne, or some other place, and' I know no man who ivould be a more efigible. candidate) ; but let him throw oft' the flummery of liberality, of generosity, even, and stand forth as ho ty," and as lie is-known.to be. ' ' ! ' - \- The extraordinary announcement that" was to startle all Melbourne proved to be) as was predicted, a reduction in the prices 'of admission tof the different parts ' of ' tlie .tlieiatre.; and'here again this'' 'management attempts 'to blind the public by attribii ting the reduction5 ; to a forced necessity at tributable to' the unprbsperous condition .bfjhe country. Would it not 'hate been better to haVe declared the real reason tb be found in the competition; which the . imanagement has' to fight against.! !.WeIl, the new season bf reduced' prices was heralded by a new play, from the pen of Mr MarcusfClark, described in the bill as an adaptation of Wilkie Collins's well-known Story of the "Moonstone." Its leading features'ih treatment for stage representa tion being in accordance with the views, .an d haviiig the sanction of the author of 'the, novel, special care was also taken to warn all unscrupulous ' managers in the Australias and New Zealand that pains and penalties would be enforced if they dared to prodiice'it without the permission in writing of Mr Marcus Clarke. After such an explosion of bombast) I thought, naturally, loiowing as I have before stated the ability bf the adapte'e, that he' had) at last) hit'upon something that wotild tickle the public -palate and confirm "the. high; opinidn'heretofore entertained in respect ot- itis dramatic readings, a some tiling which lie might go to bed. and dream of— literary "exaltsftibn'in the, present, vast 'pecuniary advantage in the future. Every possible aid iii the! way pf scenery was"fibeially. conceded to the expectant author, and the parts, in the adaptation allotted to the most competent, artistes of the " tli'eat're. Even the puffs preliminary in" the daily journals were not niggardly provided, mid yet " Moonstone," the Moonstone of. Wilkie Collins, as interpreted by the pen of Mr Marcus Clark, proved to be as'ai-rahV a- failure as 'it has ever been my misfortune to witness. Yet stay ! I remember two others, one from the pen of the same gentleman, in which, an unfortunate baby bore the brunt' bf the . . audience's dis pleasure and J. L. Hall's disgust ; the ether, a shapeless mass of incongruity aiid plagiarism produced at this theatre under the title of "Humble Pie," but which wouldrihave "been more readily understood if it had delighted in the 'soubriquet' of " Indigestible Pie." In Mr Clark's hands the "Moonstone" has lost its brilliancy, and can no longer be regarded, as a reflex of tbe sparkling tale with which most readers are familiar.-— From -beginning- to- enda series of blunders,, without construction,, without the approach oven of continuity, the characters mutilated and consequently unconsequential, the whole thing a drama tic, no, I should- say, an uii dramatic blotch.' The actors appeared to be in a happy state of uadetermination as to what their respective-parts indicated, the stage- business higgle-derpiggledy,. and in sheet highly unsatisfactory, the only redeeming- feature in the production being the scenery, especially that portion of it which depicted the "-Shivering Sand." Since witnessing the performanze of this monstrous per version of a good author's best work, I have, as the say, " slept on it," and I am sorry to say sn awaking, but one convic tion rests oa my mind a profound belief in the astuteness of the management that could select and spend its resources in producing it, and an equally profound belief in the dramatic skill of the adapter. The Academy of Music will shortly he opened under the management of Mr Joseph Aarons, to whom a five years lease of the property has been granted. Active exertions are being made to organize a first-class company, amongst whom will be found several of the old favourites, including Mr Hans Phillips. It i3 gene rally understood that Miss Dargon will inaugurate the new venture. " The People's Theatre" has been doing good business with " Dora," but it is ex pected the assimilation of. prices „of ad mission at the Theatre Royal; will create .a, dtyerstoq.mitohvpur«'.!„.!I aPL,lMto31y_ of that opinion, seeing that the population of Melbourne is ample to ..support" Your theatres, even though two of them should be minors. The Opera House has confined its atten tions to"Pigmafion and Galatea." This, with a farce in which Marshall appears, has been found sufficient to secure tolerably good, business. The Minstrels at St. George's Hall are not as well off. The performances of this exceptionally clever troupe are not as well appreciated as at first, indeed I think 1 perceive gathering clouds which indicate a temporary suspension of public taste in this direction. 