MM}?. ABOUT DOGS. ...,., From "The Dog and iU Folk ?;;?_?; .-Xor#/.' ?n (Aβ Gentlemcn'i Magazine. AcooimiHa to tlio Aryan religion, Yams wan iliu Urol lightning.bjru mortal wlio die- ODTind iho wuj to ihi< oibsr worlJ, where U<\' ? bill leigned ever filcb, aud fur tlia sake o( Den, sends tbe wiud, under th? form of a dog, lo oocduot Iboir souls iv tioa(l) ecropg. the \- heavenly waUreaod'oYar the Milky Way to hU borne—tbe brigbtroalm of bliu. Hecoe, whenever this musetngor of deatb was heard, either bowling oalside tbe eiok ma.r>'e homo or speeding aloDg through, tbe air with rapid paoo, tbe iDi&atHd; trembled lor they knew that at Boy moment tb.e aciul of their friend or,relative might be required ol him. Thus, even at ihe present day, tbe bowling of a dog under tbo window is supposed lo foretell death— a ouporetllion deeply rooted every ' where iv this- ?c ia most other ooantries. In Germany, a dog bowling before a house portends ft death or a fire. If it howls along Ihe highway, Ibis ie considered in Westphalia ai a, certain token that a funeral will soon pace by that nay.. The tame notion, too, exists in Boomaik. Aα intelligent Locdouer told Mr. K<lly that bo bad ofttn listened to tbo bowling of the dog, and verified tbo ful filment of tbis infallible omen. .The dog's mode of prooeeding on snob occasions is generally (iris;—Tho animal triea to get nnder tbo doomed poreon'a window; but if tbe houno Mandu within an onoloaore, and it cannot flod its way ia, it will run round the premises or pace up and down. before then). Jf it at last euoooeds in making an , entry, it will fitop under the window, howl horribly, finish vmli threo tremendous barke, and then hurry away;. This porformonoo is aioribed by eomo to thn dog's keen aeneo of the odour of approaching mortal dissolution: ?whereas, other* uflirm tbut this animal osn . see tliu spirit* which hover around tbo bouse of tickuees roudy'ut tlio moment of death to tear away the soul of tho departed one. Thus, iv tho "Odyeuoy," tho doguof Euroteua aro rrprt'Euuted n? terrified at tho night of MiDfrvn, although uhe was then invisiblo to Tekmuthue. Iv buth Ccruinu and Aryan mythology tho dog ia suid to eeo ghosts) and irhcuovur Hdn, tlio Goddess of Death, Walks abroad invieiblo to humun oyc?, eho is aoen oy dog*. In Wales it in thought that homes have ivleo tho gift of acting spectres. Carriage ljortea huvo betn known, says Mr, Sikes, to display evtiy sign of tbo utmost terror, whon tho,occupants of tho oarriago could see no Oftuee for fright. Such an occurrenno ie said to be highly ominous, and to portend that a funeral will eoou pa->s by that way, bear ing to' his rotting-pliico somo person not d< ad at tho time of tho horace fright. Very noarly allied to tho superstition which Tecognisos a death omen in tho howliug of a dog ia thut of tho epoctre bounds whioli are said to bo occaniunally heard and seen in different parts of England and Wales. They aro gonerally invisible; bnt Ihoir fearlul yolping, as it Iβ hoard pass ? log Mwjflly througb the air, resembloa the florae and atigry note of tbe bloodhound. They aro supposed to be "ovil spirits hnnt ing tbo ooais of tbe dond, or, by their diabol:o?l yoj(ing, to botoken the speedy death of some person." In Ihe North thoy ere oalloii tho "Gabriel honnde." . . . Mr, Henderson rotates that a few years ago, when a child was burned to douth at Sheffield, tbo nelghbnnrn immudiately called to mind bow the "Gabriel hounds" bad passed above tbo house not long before Hβ also tolls of a poreon who was hastily summoned one night to Ibo tiok bod of a rolativo whoso illness had ?nddcnly assumed an alarming oharaotor. , A< ho sot cm be beard tho wjli soand of the creatures above his head ; they aooompauied -him tho whole way, about a mile, then paueoi, and yelped loudly over tho houee. He ontorud it, and found that the paliont bad just breathed her last. In Linoasbiro these Bpeotre hounds aro locally termed "Cubrtel Ratohota," and are euppoaed to forottll dtalli or misfonuno to all who hear their aouDii, 