FICTION (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) ABANDONED. CHAPTER XLI. PUNISHMENT OF THE GUILTY. " Their MOTHER!" shrieked the earl, with a burst of almost maniacal laughter. "Their mother is dead ! Now I know that you have all lied, for I saw her go down in the English Channel. She was dead when I last looked upon her face before she sank, and though I put out my hand to save her even then, she floated away from me, and was carried down into the depths." His words were wild, and he had jerked them out with difficulty at intervals, while he cowered and shook like a man who has the ague. His eyes glared fiercely, his face was bloodless, while the flesh seemed to shrink and wither upon his bones, with the horror which possessed him. Kenneth, too, appeared utterly astounded by the announcement. It was indeed almost too much to believe, and if proved true, what utter ruin it must bring upon all the earl's dearest hopes! There was a painful silence for several minutes after Lord Durward ceased speaking. Notwithstanding the contempt and severity with which his visitors regarded him, yet a feeling of deepest pity moved their hearts as they looked upon his wretchedness. Their silence seemed to strip from him his last hope. Had they reasoned or argued with him, it would have appeared more as if their position was weak and needed sustaining. But their quiet composure, their unmoved self- confidence, their glances of pity -- all seemed to con- firm beyond a doubt their assertions. "Their mather is dead, I tell you. You cannot cheat me into believing any such fable," he said again, but his voice sounded weak, and trembled like the voice of the very aged. "The Lady Madeline is not dead, my lord; she was saved from a watery grave, improbable as it may seem," returned Sir Horace, very gently, but conclusively. " I will never believe it until I see her with my own eyes," whispered his lordship, in a scarcely audible voice, while with his shaking hands he wiped the clammy drops from his brow. " Can you bear to see her?" Sir Horace asked, with a compassionate look. " Yes, if she is in the land of the living, I can bear to look upon her ; it will be better than to believe myself haunted by her ghost. I can bear anything now," he muttered, ramblingly. Sir Horace arose and went out into the great hall. In another moment he reappeared, leading a tall, queenly looking woman. Her hair was silvery white, and she, too, was very pale, while the hand which lay upon her com- panion's arm trembled visibly. Otherwise she ap- peared very calm and stately, and looked very hand- some clad in her robes of rich black velvet, only relieved by delicate costly lace at her throat and wrists. " Madam Leicester !" burst forth Kenneth, in startled, suppressed tones, as his eyes fell upon her familiar face. Then, with a groan, he sank back into his seat, bowed his bead upon his hands, and waited to hear the rest. He had no doubt now regarding the lawyer's state- ment, nor of what was to follow. Her appearance explained to him many mysteries. Sir Horace led madam directly to Lord Durward, and the wronged, long-suffering wife, after twenty years, stood once more face to face with the selfish tyrant who had embittered her whole life. The earl lifted his head and looked upon her, and \-- recognized her ! He knew her, even though the once shining brown hair had become white as snow; though the once slight figure had rounded and de- veloped into this imposing and stately form ; though the delicate, high-bred face had grown larger and fuller, and was seamed with many a line of care and suffering. The eyes were the same, the poise of the graceful head the same, and the sweet lips were the same, though somewhat stern in their expression just now. " This, my lord, is --" "Madeline!"' gasped the stricken earl, before Sir Horace could finish the sentence, and he threw out his hands with a gesture of despair, as if to keep her off, while he sank back into the depths of his chair, as though he longed to be annihilated from her sight, yet his eyes were fastened upon her with a horrified stare. Two other persons, a lady and a gentleman, now very quietly entered the room and seated themselves in the background, where they remained unnoticed by his lordship, who was too much overcome by the sight of his wife to heed anything else. The lady was closely veiled, and the gentleman wore his hat drawn somewhat down over his eyes, leaving only the lower portion of his face visible, and this was heavily bearded. " You recognize me, then, do you ?" Madam Leices- ter said, in cold, hard tones ; " you recognize the woman whom your cruelty and tyranny crushed at a time when life should have been at it brightest; whose existence you made a burden too heavy to be borne, and then, growing weary of her, doomed her to a living death !" " What is all this ? What spell have you, all cast upon me with your vile tales ? Who are you, wo- man, that you dare to come to me and claim to be Madeline who was drowned before my very eyes more than twenty years ago ?" Lord Durward ex- claimed, springing frantically to his feet and beating the air with his quivering hands. His eyes were fastened as if by magnetism upon the fair, noble face before him. She seemed the same and yet not the same. Madeline had never looked upon him with a gaze so unflinching, so stern and cold ; she had ever shrunk timidly at his approach as if awed by his presence. This woman regarded him with haughty compo- sure, confronting him with a calm, proud demeanor which awed and cowed him instead. Madeline had never presumed to address him in any but the humblest and gentlest tones ; this wo- man's voice, though fatally familiar, was hard and cold, and accusing. Yet in spite of all, he knew that she was his wife ! As they stood thus confronting each other, the one so strangely calm and apparently composed, the other so utterly broken and overcome, there was a little confusion at the further end of the library, and in another moment the present Lady Durward entered, while behind her, with an expression of wonder upon their faces, were seen Caroline and Ralph. Lady Durward, much excited, came forward and stood beside her husband, thus also confronting Madam Leicester, who she regarded with an ap- pearance of great hauteur and contempt. " You do us exceeding honor, madam, by this visit," she said, with a scornful inclination of her proud head. Madam calmly regarded her gaze, but deigned no reply. " I saw you leave your carriage and enter the house," the countess pursued in the same tone as before, "and I have come to learn the reason of such condescension." Still madam preserved her self-possessed silence. Lady Durward then turned to her husband, and notwithstanding her haughty bearing she trembled as she noted the horror upon his face. " Dudley," she said, " what does all this confusion mean ? What are all these people here for, and why are you so excited and troubled ?" He had grown more distressed and nervous at her appearance. " Go out, Ida -- go out,"'he replied, hoarsely, " this is no place for you now ; go and take Ralph and Caroline with you." " No ; anything which troubles you I have a right to share, and I shall remain !" she answered, de- cidedly. " No, no, you must not ; go quickly, and take them away at once," he pleaded, brokenly, and too weak to remain longer standing, he tottered back into his chair, wiping the cold sweat from his forehead. " I shall, do no such thing -- I mistrusted that the 'business' of to-day contained a mystery. I heard you talking as if you were in trouble, I saw Madam Leicester come in, and I am determined to know the meaning of it all," she returned, with decision. " Oh ! take her away -- take them all away ; they must not know," moaned the earl, looking up at Sir Horace in a supplicating way. " " My lady," Sir Horace said, turning to her cour- teously, " we have some rather unpleasant disclo- sures to make to the earl, and it would be more fit- ting if you would withdraw and wait until some other time to be enlightened upon the subject." " No, sir, I shall stay by my husband and share whatever trouble he may have to bear. As for Caro- line and Ralph, doubtless they will have to know its nature sometime, and they can act their own plea- sure. Now, I desire to know what business that woman can have in my house and with my husband ?" and she waved her white, shapely hand toward Ma- dam Leicester. A faint color crept into madam's cheeks at the emphatic use of her personal possessive pronouns, and the slighting way in which she had spoken of her as " that woman," while something of a sneer curled the thin lips of the cold, practical lawyer. Every one in the room was struck by the manner of her speech -- Lord Durward shuddered perceptibly, and for a moment it seemed as if no one posssssed the courage necessary to tell her the truth. Then Sir Horace Vere, thinking the worst might as well be known first as last and have it over with, said, as calmly as he could : " My lady, she whom you have hitherto known as Madam Leicester, is none other than Madeline Lei- cester Rochester, the former wife of the Earl of Durward." She staggered as if he had smitten her as he said this. She gave him one horrified, withering glance. "Tis false !" were the words which then came from her hueless lips, in tones so hoarse as to be unrecognizable. " I regret for your sake that it is not," he replied, '* Let me lead you to a seat," he added, as he saw how deathly pale she was growing, and pitying her from the depths of his heart. Then he sprang forward and placed her in a chair, just in season to prevent her from falling to the floor, as the whole of the horrible truth burst upon her. "Madam Leicester, the earl's -- her husband's -- wife!" This woman whom she had hated, insulted and abused, the Countess of Durward! Then Nina Leicester, the fair girl, whom she had tried by every effort in her power to crush was their child, and the legitimate heir -- she had not yet heard of the existence of a son -- to all their vast property ! Great Heavens ! what then was she ? What then were her children ? "Leicester -- Leicester -- Madam Leicester!" mur- mured his lordship, passing his hand across his forehead, as if to clear his memory, and struck by the name. " What !" he cried again aroused almost to frenzy, as it all came to him, " are you that Madam Leices- ter? and she -- Nina, my -- oh ! why do you not ex- plain all your horrible story, and put an end to this torture ?" Great drops of perspiration gathered upon his face, and rolling off, dropped upon the floor. "Yes," replied madam, her hitherto calm, cold face softening into something like compassion for his misery, and speaking in tones which made him think of the gentle Madeline of old. " I am indeed she, whom you have hitherto known as Madam Leicester. It seems strange, does it not, that we never met before, when I resided so long in London ? It seems more strange from the fact of my having had Caroline under my instruction. The earl groaned aloud. Poor Caroline ! what was to become of her now ? " And she," continued madam, " whom you have know and tried to crush as Nina Leicester, is one of our own children." " One of your own children !" cried Lady Durward again starting up, and turning her startled face first upon one, then upon the other. "Yes ; I have two children, a son and a daughter," madam replied quietly. " Then how -- what does it mean ? I --" Lady Durward was utterly perplexed by this an- nouncement ; but Sir Horace, who was still standing near her, bent down and whispered something in her ear. " Oh! Ralph ! Ralph ! my boy" she sobbed, utterly unnerved by what he told her. " You little thought," madam said, tuning again to his lordship, " that when Nina came to you that day, begging for her husband's address, that she might write to him and vindicate her purity and truth, that it was your own flesh and blood whom you were seeking to ruin -- whose brightest hopes you were striving to crush. You little thought, when you were seeking to separate her from Kenneth Malcolm, that the accomplishment of your purpose would frustrate all that you aspired to in uniting the houses of Durward and Melrose. But I may as well tell you here, that she obtained that address notwithstanding your cruel refusal." " How ?" the earl asked with some degree of eager- ness. It had been a matter of wonder to him ever since. Kenneth had informed him of the fact of Nina's having written to him. " Before my children were born, I took possession of the key belonging to the little door leading into the passage under the eastern tower. Sometimes on quiet evenings, I used to go out by that way for a stroll, and to get the fresh air; and when I had de- cided to keep my secret from you, I knew I should need it to carry out my plans. So I have had it in my possession ever since. One moonlight night several months since, determined to have Kenneth's address, I came here, entered by that door, made my way to this room, when I found, fortunately, a letter directed to Lord Malcolm, I copied the ad- dress, and by that means my child was permitted to write to her husband." Lord Durward heaved a sigh of relief. That mystery then was solved, and the figure whom he had seen come forth from the shrubbery, had indeed been flesh and blood, instead of the ghost of Madeline, as his overwrought imagination had led him to believe at the time. " My children," madam continued, " have both been carefully reared, always with a regard to their birth, and the position which they would occupy in the future. Nina you have already seen, and you know that she is fitted to move in any circle. My boy you have not seen -- I will present him to you. " Nina, Louis, come here please," she concluded, turning to the two persons who had entered the room so quietly and had remained sitting back of the earl. At the name " Louis" Kenneth and Caroline both started, the latter uttering a cry of astonishment, the former a groan of despair. The young man removed his hat and revealed the face of the handsome soldier whom they had seen with Nina clasped in his arms that morning in the servants' parlor. Kenneth, too, instantly recognized him as the one whom he had so carefully nursed through that ter- rible sickness on the Island of Malta, and whom until within a few moments he had firmly believed to be the lover of his forsaken bride. The lady threw back her veil, and he looked again upon that face, always so exquisitely beautiful to him, now so doubly dear, and the sight seemed to wither his very soul, for he felt that she could never forgive him -- that she was lost to him forever. He had forfeited all claim or right to her love by his cruel injustice and desertion. With a bitter cry he dropped his head upon the arm of the sofa where he was sitting, and prayed that he might die. He could not live with this added weight of misery to crush him down. The brother and sister came forward and stood before the earl. They were a goodly sight to look upon. Nobility, truth, and honor were stamped upon the manly face of the young soldier, purity and refine- ment upon the brow, and beaming from the grave, sweet eyes of the fair Nina. Lord Durward lifted his head and looked upon them. It was a guilty, agonizing look, " Guilty, because he suddenly realized all the wrong which he had heaped upon the gentle, long suffering wife who had borne them, and whom he should have sheltered with the tenderest love and care, and because of the heartless insults, taunts, and abuse which he had cast upon this pure and lovely girl, with the cold-blooded design of ruining every bright hope of her life. Agonizing, because he realized all the comfort and happiness which might have been his, but for his own folly and selfishness, and because of the dis- grace and suffering which he had thus entailed upon those dear ones, whom he had reared with so much pride for the position which he believed they were to occupy; and with one of old, his tortured soul cried out : " My punishment is more than I can bear." Nina stood looking down upon him, infinite pity shining in her clear, lovely eyes. Her heart ached for his woe, and she would gladly have comforted him ; but she knew that his misery was too deep to be assuaged by aught of human sympathy. The young man -- his son -- so tall and manly, looked into his father's countenance with an ex- pression of inquiry upon his handsome face. He was wondering what manner of man this could be, who could have been guilty of abusing a woman like his mother. Something of this Lord Durward read in his ex- pressive countenance, and his eyes drooped in shame beneath his gaze. Yes, he knew that he was his son -- he could no longer doubt the truth of what he had heard, as he looked upon him. He had his own dark eyes -- the same glossy, raven hair, the same massive head and features as his own, though softened and refined by a blending of his mother's expression ; his frame, too, was a counter- part of his own powerful, stalwart form. Even Lady Durward was convinced beyond a doubt as she, too, looked upon him, and marked these points of resemblance ; and it is beyond the power of mortal pen to portray the conflict of emo- tions which surged in the hearts of that stricken couple. CHAPTER XLII. KENNETH MALCOLM'S CONTRITION. " Go away," at length commanded the earl, waving them back with his hand ; and, without even having addressed one word to their father, whom they now looked upon for the first time in this new relation, they retired to their former position. Again for several moments there was deep silence in the great room, except for the low moans that came incessantly from the lips of Lady Durward ; and the scene formed one of the most striking tableaux ever put upon record. The earl and countess sitting side by side, be- numbed and crushed, seemed a picture of the most complete misery imaginable. Madam still stood before them awaiting further questioning, and Sir Horace remained by the side or a little back of Lady Durward, whom he was gen- tly fanning. Mr. Farnum, the lawyer, placid and composed, sat by a little table near a window. He was too accus- tomed to scenes of this kind to be much moved, and only regarded them with an eye to business. Kenneth, bowed with an added weight of woe, still lay with his face hidden upon the arm of the sofa. Ralph stood leaning, as if transfixed, against the frame of the door by which they had entered, while Caroline had sunk to the floor at his feet, weeping bitterly. Louis, Nina, and Mrs. Doan, somewhat in the back- ground, completed the group. " Will you listen to Madeline's story now, or shall we go away and leave it until another day ?" Sir Horace at length asked, breaking the long silence, and speaking to his lordship. "No, do not go ; let us have the whole now, and over with -- I cannot credit it even now, for I saw her go down, down into the depths of the sea," he an- swered, still pertinaciously clinging to his old doubts. Sir Horace brought a chair for madam, and she sat down. Clearing her voice -- for she appeared deeply affect- ed at thus recalling the sad past -- she began : " You know all, my lord, up to the time of our leaving England and that disaster at sea. All that I suffered, and all that I intended doing. For you doubtless remember my telling you on board ship, when we believed that we must be lost, that I did not intend to allow you to succeed in your scheme of placing me in a Maison de Sante. I was as sane as yourself, and you knew it ; but you wanted to get rid of me. I had resolved that you should be rid of me -- intended to leave you the moment we set foot on the soil of France, and go away to some quiet place where I could live at peace with my children. It was all the comfort I could hope to have in life, and I had determined to make the most of it. " For that purpose, as I told you, I had taken, the night before, those three thousand pounds from your safe, knowing well that I should need funds to establish myself wherever I went." A deep groan interrupted her here. All the doubts and hopes which he had so wilfully clung to were swept away now. There could not be even the shadow of a doubt, for they too had been alone in their state-room when this conversation occurred, and no one else could have known of it. His mind leaped back to that moment when she had stood before him in her frail beauty, calm and unmoved by the thoughts of the dread fate which menaced them. He even recalled the "two small spots of crimson fire" which had burned upon her hollow cheeks, as she planted herself against the door, and would not let him go until she had pro- nounced that prophecy -- that doom which should overtake him (even if he were saved, and should succeed in his fondest aspirations), and which was at this moment being so fatally fulfilled. He remembered well her words of parting -- "Now, Dudley Durward, farewell. I go to my grave with- out a regret, for there I expect to find rest and peace after my ruined and blighted life ; and may God grant you mercy when you also come to die." " I know," madam resumed, bestowing a look of compassion on him, " that I had no legal right to keep the existence of your children a secret from you, but I could not live longer with you, and I was sure you would take them from me if you knew. I felt, too, that you were not fit to have the moulding of their characters -- that I, their mother, was their on- ly proper guardian. "I would rather have committed them to the grave, than to have had them grow up with the cold, selfish nature which has always characterized you. " I reasoned, that if I left you voluntarily after reaching France -- and I fully intended writing you, that I could never return here as your wife again -- that you could easily procure a divorce, and marry whomsoever you chose ; but I knew that you could never take from my little ones their birthright -- that, if they should live, they would have the first right here, no matter how many others might be born to you after a second marriage. " This alone was all the revenge which, even in my first mad pain, when I discovered your utter heartlessness and indifference towards me, that I ever thought of taking upon you. I meant to rear my children to be noble, true, and upright; I re- solved to give them every advantage needful to fit them for their future position in life, and then, when you should have reached the very highest round on the ladder, -- as I felt reasonably sure you would -- bring them to you and let them take the rights which you hoped your later offspring would inherit. " It was wrong -- God has shown me how utterly wrong it all was since then, and He knows that I never once thought of bringing such wretchedness upon others, who are in no way responsible for your acts ; but His own hand smote me in a way that put it entirely out of my power to prevent it. More of this, however, I will tell you later. " After leaving you in our state-room on the steamer," madam said, going back to the disaster, " I went directly on deck, having no thought, no hope that I should ever see another dawn, I walked to where the captain was standing, and he forced me to allow him to put a life-preserver around my waist; then he gave me into the hands of some sailors, and I was lifted over the side of the vessel into the life-boat. "I was perfectly calm and collected, noticing the most trivial circumstances. I hoped I should die, for it would end my misery ; yet, for my children's sake, I had a little yearning to live. " As you know, our boat was upset, and the last I remembered was looking up out of the angry waters into your face, as you clung to the boat. Your face was white and filled with remorse; you instinctively put out your hand to save me, and for that one act of humanity I give you credit. " The next I knew I was conscious of something which seemed like a sudden explosion, and on re- covering from the shock which it occasioned, I found myself sitting by an open fire-place in a fisherman's hut by the sea. " A woman sat opposite me spinning. "I never remembered having seen her before, and I wondered how I happened to be in such a place. "There was a strange feeling in my head, and thinking she must have heard the same noise which had so startled me, I said: " What was that loud noise ?" " For a moment she regarded me with astonish- ment ; then, without replying, she jumped quickly up, dropping her distaff upon the floor, and running into another room, she cried out joyfully : " ' Jem ! Jem ! she's come to, at last !'" " ' Jem,' who proved to be her husband, instantly dashed into the room where I sat, gave me a critical, earnest look, and then ran out of the house at full speed, " " Two hours afterward he returned, bringing with him another strange man, who proved to be a physician. " He appeared extremely gratified at the change in my condition, and after convincing himself that I had the full use of all my mental faculties, he pro- ceeded to relate to me the events of a year which had been an entire blank to me!" "A year!" exclaimed his lordship, looking up in surprise. " Yes ; a year and a month were as though they had never been to me, or I should never have al- lowed your marriage with another to have taken place without acquainting you with the fact that I was living. "As I said before, God himself smote me in this way, putting it entirely out of my power to let you know of my existence ; therefore I feel that I am guiltless of the suffering which I am compelled to bring upon your unhappy family to-day." The earl beat the air frantically with his hands. " Oh, that I should have lived to see this day !" he cried. " Now you know something of the suffering which I experienced," madam went on in reply, " when you told me that night that you were weary of me ; when you told me that I was no more to you than a mere piece of furniture -- pretty, and graceful, and needful for the adornment of an establishment; when you acknowledged that you would even gladly put me away, as Napoleon did poor Josephine, and for the same reason, if you could. " Now you know how I felt when I went down to be the first to wish you joy, and to tell you the sweetest secret of my life, and you turned from me with scorn, abuse, and insult. " I had kept my secret until that hour, because there was some doubt about your receiving your letters patent, creating you a peer of the realm ; and I thought, to comfort you thus, should you be disappointed, and to add to your joy if you were successful. I came to you, my heart full of joy and love, but you froze the words that lay upon my lips, and broke my heart with your mocking scorn and heartlessness. " Then it was that I resolved in my madness that you should never know what you would have given worlds to learn, had you possessed them, until your child -- for I had not a thought that there would be more than one -- was old enough to act for itself. You were a heartless husband ; I feared you would be a heartless father. I knew that I could not exist in your presence longer, that all joy as your wife was blighted forever, and I determined, as I said be- fore, to secure to myself the only comfort left me on earth, should I live -- the sole care and education of my offspring. "And now to go back to that day in the fisherman's hut. " Dr. Aman -- that was the physician's name -- told me that one wild morning after a night of terrific storm, Jem, the fisherman, saw something washed ashore about half a mile below his dwelling, " Going down to the beach, he found me -- dead, as he supposed. But be carried me carefully in his arms to his hut, where he and his wife used every means within their reach for my restoration. When at length they succeeded in restoring animation, though not consciousness, the good man started off for the doctor. " For many weeks they told me I was very ill, and when at last my bodily health begun to return, my reason was gone. " The kind physician brought several others to see me, for my case he regarded as a very peculiar one, but none of them could account for the utter blank which had so suddenly fallen upon me. "Dr. Aman maintained that it must have been caused by one or two things: either my head had been injured in being washed upon the rocks, in such a way that a portion of the skull was pressing upon the brain; or some disease of the brain had been caused by my being in the water so long, and having had my ears and nostrils so filled with it. "He nor either of the others could discover any depression of the skull which would warrant the first conclusion ; and as I complained of pains in my head, he inclined to the latter belief, and doubted if I ever recovered my reason. "The people into whose care I had been thrown in such a strange way were very poor, and were ad- vised to send me to some alms-house, or some home for the idiotic; but they were tender-hearted, and had grown to feel a deep interest in me, and they would not consent to part with me. They knew, they said, that I belonged to a different sphere in life, but they felt that no one would have the patience with my strange ways that they would have, and I might be ill- treated if they should send me away. They toiled early and late to purchase for me the delicacies which they thought I had been accustomed to and needed ; they gave up their only comfortable room, sacrificing much in order to make it tasteful and attractive. In their extreme poverty they en- dured many a hardship for my sake, refusing to open the belt which contained my money, and which they had found tied around my waist. " They afterward told me that they could not touch it until I either recovered or died, in which latter case they would have considered that it prop- erly belonged to them. " My final recovery and restoration to reason, as well as the explosion which I thought I had heard, was caused by the bursting of a tumour or abcess, which had long been forming in my head, and which pressed upon the brain. Thus one of Dr. Anam's theories was proved to be correct ; for, of course, as soon as the pressure was removed, my reason came back as vigorous as ever. " I found upon referring to the almanac, that pre- cisely a year and one month had elapsed since that fearful wreck which had so nearly cost me my life; and I began to wonder how many of the others upon that ill-fated vessel had been saved. " I wondered, too, if you had escaped. I remem- bered that all the hope you had was in that frail boat, and it was doubtful, with the wild waves beating so upon you, if you ever reached the land, "I resolved at once to ascertain, and determined if I found you were dead, to return directly here and rear my children -- if, indeed, they were yet living -- in their own home, " Should you still be living, I resolved to make a home somewhere for myself, and send for my little ones. " I remunerated my benefactors liberally for their tender care of me, and one day, feeling my loneli- ness more than I can describe, I set out for Rouen, the nearest city, which was about thirty miles dis- tant. " From this point I wrote to Nurse Foley, telling her of my existence, and asking her to deliver the children to Bessie, if she was willing to serve me again, and tell her to come to me at once. "She shortly arrived, and I then bought a little house in the suburbs of the city, where we lived for nearly four years in a very quiet way. " It was from her that I learned of your second marriage, my lord. " I was more miserable and troubled over the tid- ings than I can tell you. More than once I thought I would write and tell you that I was living still, that you might procure a divorce if you chose, in or- der to legalize your marriage ; then the haunting fear would come to me that you might seek me out, discover my children, and take them from me, and that I could never bear ; and so I finally resolved, the mischief being done, to keep silence until they should reach manhood and womanhood, and then demand of you that their rights be acknowledged and restored to them. "In case you assented to my demand, I deter- mined to forever keep the secret of my existence, so that no trouble should arise for you or your present family. " How did you expect all this was to be accom- plished ?" demanded Lord Durward, fiercely. " In the same way that I planned, in case I should be taken away. The knowledge of their birth and subsequent concealment by my orders would have had to be explained, but I could have remained for- ever in the background." " And what has changed your determination ?" he asked, in constrained, unnatural tones. "Your persistent and unexampled abuse of my daughter, your determination to ruin her life, her character, and blight her every prospect in the future ; the insults and abuse which your family, or members of it, have heaped upon me and mine upon every occasion. These are the things which have changed my determination and led me to demand that full justice be done, let the punishment fall where it was so well deserved." Madam spoke in cold, relentless tones, and the earl sank back once more, groaning out the despair of his soul. After a short pause madam resumed -- " I found, after a while, that I should need more funds than I possessed, in order to get along com- fortably in life, and give Louie and Nina the educa- tion and advantages which they needed. My own property would have set me at ease at once on that point, but I could not obtain possession of it, with- out making the very revelations I was so anxious to avoid. Therefore, after much thought, I decided to open a select school for young ladies. *' During the first year it did not amount to much, beyond the experience which I gained in teaching. After that, however, I was successful beyond my highest expectations. " My school was considered a model of excellence, and the daughters of the rich and titled, flocked to me from far and near. " Money too came pouring in upon me, until I had no further fear or dread of the future. " I had assumed my second name, Leicester which, was also my mother's maiden name; and as Madam Leicester I was respected and honored, and received into some of the very best circles. Thus Louis and Nina reached the age of twelve. " Then I found it would be necessary to send the former away to school, and as I desired him to be educated as became an Englishman, I resolved to leave Rouen, go to London, and establish another school there, and in this way, be where I could look after my boy during the most critical years of his life. " We resided in London six years ; my school proved as successful as when I was in Rouen ; my children were proving all that the fondest mother could desire, and were now eighteen years of age. " I was contemplating seeking an interview with you about that time, relative to their future, when something occurred, which entirely overthrew all my plans in that respect. "And now as I see that Lord Melrose is present, perhaps he will be interested in what is to follow," madam said, turning to Kenneth. He shuddered, for he felt well enough assured of what was coming. "My son," she resumed, "while attending the private school, at which I thought it best to place him, became acquainted with some young men of about his own age, who were very anxious to enter the army, and it was not long before he grew nearly wild with the same idea, and all my arguments to the contrary had no effect upon him whatever. " I could not for a moment entertain the thought of a military life for him, and utterly opposed it without giving him my principal reasons for so doing. I now see how unwise I was not to have confided in both of my children more fully, as it would have saved us all much sorrow and trouble ; but strange as it may appear, I never told them that their father was living, nor revealed to them the facts of their early history, until within the last few days ! " Therefore Louis, deeming me arbitrary in refus- ing to allow him a military education, and posses- sing a very strong will, notwithstanding his deep affection for his mother and sister, ran away with two of his companions from school, and enlisted in one of her Majesty's regiments. " Being under age I suppose I might have pro- cured his release even then, but I was too deeply wounded and indignant at his rash act, in spite of all my wishes and entreaties, to take any action in the matter ; so I only wrote him a letter filled with displeasure and stern denunciation, telling him that since he had wilfully persisted in such a course, he must bear the consequences as best he could. " This so wounded his sensitive nature, that it alienated him entirely from us for the time, and we heard nothing more from him, until a short time before her marriage, Nina received a brief note asking her to meet him in the vine- arbor in the garden connected with our home in London. She hoped much from this interview -- she trusted that she should be able to effect a reconciliation between him and me, but he was too angry to listen to her entreaties, and he utterly refused to see me, or allow her to tell me of their meeting. " The interview was a sad one, for the regiment in whioh he had enlisted had been ordered to an island in the Mediterranean, and they were liable to re- ceive instructions to sail at any time. " The deepest devotion to each other had always existed between them from their earliest infancy, and as they did not expect to meet again before the regiment sailed, the parting was a most trying one, particularly to Nina, who could not endure the thought of his going away still at variance with me. "After Louis' disobedient act, I had forbidden Nina to speak his name again to me or any one, little dreaming of all the suffering which the un- reasonable command was to bring upon her innocent life. " Perhaps you remember, Lord Malcolm, the fact of my telling you the night but one before your wedding, that I had something of importance to com- municate to you both. Before you should leave upon your tour, I had determined to relate all these facts to you, and ask your judgment and advice regarding my future movements. Had you trusted a little more, had you been a little less rash upon that fatal morning, all the sad events which have occurred since, might have been avoided," she concluded, sorrowfully. Kenneth lifted his white, suffering face as she thus addressed him, and replied in hollow, despair- ing tones : "Madam, I stand condemned before you, and before all who are present here to- day. I acknow- ledge the irreparable wrong which I have done, both to yourself and your pure and innocent daughter. I have no excuse to offer for my sin, and I can never hope to expiate it." As he ceased speaking, Nina half started to her feet, breathing the one word, " Kenneth," in a low, tender tone ; but he did not even lift his eyes to her \-- he did not deem himself worthy to look upon her \-- and she sank back, weeping and trembling, into her chair. Had he but seen her movement, or caught the sound of that eager tone, something of hope might have animated his crushed heart. Madam was deeply affected by his words, so broken, so humble. Her beautiful lips quivered, and the tears sprang to her fine eyes. " I am conscious, my lord," she said, striving for self-control, " of the debt of gratitude which I owe you. I know that but for you, I should now have no son -- I know how faithfully and tenderly you nursed Louis back to life, when he lay at the point of death on the Island of Malta, and that but for you, he would never have been permitted to return to us. " He is now on a furlough to recruit his strength, and we deemed this the most fitting time to make these disclosures." " I was not aware, madam, that it was your son whom I nursed ; I have learned that fact for the first time here to day," Kenneth returned in a shaking voice, as he thought what exceeding joy he had missed by not having been conscious of the fact. "That is very true, but it does not lessen the debt I owe you, nevertheless, and, methinks, such kind- ness and self-sacrifice as you displayed during that terrible scourge, would go far toward expiating almost any offence in the sight of heaven," she re- turned, feelingly. She could not say there before them all, that Nina was ready and willing to forgive, for he had not ex- pressed such a desire ; but she thought that he must understand from her words something of the kind- ness which they still cherished for him. But he would not understand ; it only seemed to him as if she was trying to comfort him with the thought that God, all-pitiful, all-merciful, might forgive and regard him with something of favor for his efforts to save others ; but she had not even hinted of forgiveness on her own part or Nina's, although she might be very grateful for the safe return of her son. These were the morbid, despairing thoughts which filled his mind. Madam read something of this, and wishing, too, to sound him a little, continued : " If I am informed correctly, you did not escape unscathed from that fearful ordeal ?" " No ; and the debt of gratitude which you claim that you owe me, has been doubly paid by the ministrations of a gentle sister of charity, who as faithfully nursed me back to health." He did no wish her to feel any weight of obliga- tion regarding what he had done. Madam bestowed upon him a curious glance, and her lips curled with the faintest smile of amusement at his reply, "You know all the rest," she resumed, " how Nina received a second note on the eve of her marriage from Louis. She had written to him, begging that he would be present upon the occasion, and be reconciled to me before they should both leave me for so long ; and she longed to have all secrecy at an end and introduce him to you. But it was of no avail : he was proud and thought I ought to make some concessions as well as he. You all know what that note contained and the sad results to which it led. Suffice it to say that it was no other than her brother whom she met in the servants' par- lor that morning, to bid him a long good-by, as his regiment had been ordered abroad, and was to sail the following week. " Now my story is ended-you have the main facts in my history for the last twenty years ; but if there is anything that does not appear perfectly plain, I am willing to answer any questions that you may choose to ask." (To be continued.) 