ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. Professor Pepper has "given ap the ghost" at last in Adelaide, but singularly enough he ia just as lively as ever, and judging from his ap pearance rather likes it. But his apparition has not in the words of the poet:— ' " Stalked off reluctant like an ill-used ghost. Not to return, or if it did, in visits like those of angels, short and far between." as Blair says in The Grave; but rather it stalks triumphant while the rustics gape in wonder. Looking at the Professor's scientific theory, one cannot say with Qamlet " There needs no ghost, my Lord, come from the grave To tell us this." becanse, as a matter of fact, the ghost is the all important and most substantial part of the ex planation. There are various ingenious ways of earning hononrable independence; but the Professor may lay claim to being the only man who has made his ghoBt do him good service. Taditions there are that tells us of learned Bosicrncians who called np spirits to minister to their wants, bat then they were not their own ghosts. Seeing the enccen of the Professor daring his sojourn here, one can well understand the meaning of " Ghostly comfort." There is at least one individual in the colony whose creed it is to " cheerfully pay his taxes," and that is the Commissioner of Insolvency. He had an individual before him, who, wishing perhaps, to have somebody to take an interest in him, made himself a source of great anxiety to his creditors by not paying his debts. More over, there was a slight suspicion that he sadly wanted inclination to pay'; and the Com missioner, believing much in the efficacy of seclusion, showed a desire to give the delinquent an opportunity of collecting his thonghts in gaol. The counsel for the impeounious one objected—considerate man—on the ground that it would be a pity to put the Government to the trouble of keeping his client. His Honor seemed to think that the Government would rather like it than otherwise, and then the tender-hearted counsel went on another tack, urging that he as one of the taxpayers had to pay for the man's keep in gaol, whereupon his Honor fervently expressed a hope that all people paid their taxes cheerfully. List to that ye grumblers 2 and when the ra'te colleotor comes round again offer him interest and a glass of your best port. A fellow with such a name as tax-collector unfortunately cannot ever expeot to be a " pop'lar character" as the boatswain in " Pinafore" says of Dick Deadeye. The following appears in this week's Observer: —" We understand that after December 1 the office hours of the members of the Oivil Service are to be increased by an hour. The Government Offices will therefore be kept open from 9.30 a.m. till fi p m." There is an old story of a theatrical supernumerary whose duty it was to come on and say "My Lord, the carriage waits." He received an intimation from the Manager that in the future he must say " The carriage waits without, my Lord." It staggered him, and striking his hand upon his forehead he exclaimed," Oh, Heavens ! mere study, more study !" Of course this could not possibly apply in the remotest degree to those officers of the Givii Service whottMwSf it is to throw down pen and pefjiSrontne stroke of four and sally into the street aB punctually and surely as the birds that homeward fly. THE GOVERNMENT CLERKS' LAMENT. (Sung in tbe Key of A flat minor.) With hearts bowed down by weight of toil No more to hope we cling ; Our daily lounge they'll surely spoil, Our souls with labour wring— Our souls with labour wring. Another hour in toil to spend Will pleasured pathway mock. bio more our forms their grace will lend The streets when " on the block"— llie streets when " on tbe block." Alas! although 'tis but an hour, 'Tis tyranny's extreme; It tends to make our feelings sour, Dispelling every dream— Dispelling every dream. The working men knock off at 5. And stream out in the street. Shall we who for the Service strive The lower orders meet— The lower orders meet? Another hour, alas! the doom . That o'er our beads impends— To linger in the dreary room While Time each moment spends— While Time each moment spends. From 10 to 4 it was onr fate To lounge the office in; But now to be a full hour late 'lis tyranny and sin— 'Tis tyranny and sin. Who shall attempt to unravel the vagaries oE fashion ? At one time we have oar fair friends arrayed in so many balloons, so that there is con siderable fear of their being carried off without much warning into the upper air; at another time they are arrayed in dresses so tight that even walking is difficult, and as to ascending stain that is ont of the question. In this sun* favoured climate it was some consolation to old school fathers and mothers that a hat or a bonnet of something like sensible proportions had been adopted ; but this has been found to have its drawbacks in the case of lovers. A short time ego a young lady, much inolined to gush, entered the showroom of one of our milliners establishments and enquired for a small hat. After a little preliminary conversation she could keep the secret no'longer; so she confidentially imparted to the assistant the Interesting infor mation as follows:—" Oh, , I am engaged. He proposed to me on Saturday hut, and do you know I had on this horrid large hat, and it kept bobbing off and on. It was very annoying., I want a much smaller hat; one that will not be in the way." At one of the recent performances of the popular opera " H. M. 8. Pinafore," the ex plosive apparatus used to represent the flashes of the guns fired in honour of Sir Joseph Porter's vfait to the "Pinafore,*' did r<ot seem' to be' under- praper control. Spectators say they had the appearance ol being "shotted," some of the explosive material even flying right over the heads of those assembled upon the deck to receive, in a style befitting hie might and dignity, the Lord #ho rules the " watch." One can speak of,but saarcely conceive the discomposure and earnest desire to " go below" of that great Lord of the Admiralty of which Sir Joseph is typical, should the salute fired in bis honour "be ha plyj varied by the hurtling of a few sprightly shells over his " official" head. It is related of a city preacher who had ad dressed a rural English congregation that he was surprised when the rector of the parish teld him he had gone quite over the heads of the people, for his ownidea was that he had preached with the greatest simplicity. The country clergyman asserted that many of the labourers in his parish had not more than three or four hundred words in their vocabulary, and that therefore ordinary newspaper or pulpit English was almost an unknown tongue to them. To put the question to a severe test, he said he did not believe any of his house-servants could tell what the meaning of "drawing an inference" was. This appeared to the city man incre dible, but the matter was put to the test. First ene'and then another of the servants was called in and asked if he or ehe could draw an inference, but they all said that they oould sot, till it came to the turn of the coachman, who stated boldly that though he did not know as he conld draw it himself he was sure his horses was strong enough to draw anything. A Scotch counterpart of this may ba found in an equally veracious anecdote of an old Scotch country minister and his factotum John, who worked in the stable, the garden, and the glebe, and was, as in duty bound, a very constant attendant on public and family devotions. "John," said the worthy divine," you have heard so many good sermons now that you might be able to preach one yourself by this time," "No just that Sir," was the modest reply, "but I think I could draw an inference." " Well, John, what inference wonld you draw from this text, * Ephraim feedetb on wind and fouowetn after the east wind.'" John reflected a few moments ere he replied—*' Weel, Sir, with such feeding and such exercise, the inference to be drawn is that Ephraim would not be fat." Two or three private individuals on a visit to Victoria chanced to be included in an " informal wine-tasting" affair, which was got np In a Melbourne wine cellar. All nnsospioions of the notoriety they risked, these exemplary and temperate individuals innocently embarked In the wine-tasting with commendable zest; bnt lo! a few days afterwards in an interesting letter about the Exhibition, pub lished in an Adelaide newspaper, there appeared an account of this informal wine-tasting, with the names in fall of those who partook, and the Ttaive announcement that about 25—but really 32—different wines were tested. Now, this was rather rough upon the non-professionals beoause it conveyed a covert insinuation that well it is significant that no mention is made of the subsequent proceedings—but 32 different wines amongst so few! Of course the tasters were perfectly innocent of excess, but how many of them took home to their wives that particular newspaper? Of course everybody knows that your professional oonnoisseur can taste hundreds of samples and not suffer, but your amateur is not skilled in the art of merely moistening the palate. It is pretty generally known that, though Edgar Allan Poe wrote mnoh and wrote well, he was very often in pecuniary embarrassments. This statement is borne out by the fact that the following verses have been a£ last unearthed. They are said to have been compSwiJpjj^ to that other well-known poem of hisj wS written somewhat after the same style. In other words, the first inspiration is reported to be here displayed which gave the world that fearful and wonderful metrical composition, « The Bells." THE BILLS. [By a Poetical Householder.] Head the figures on the bills, Grocers' bills! "What a heap of money spent, and dropped into their tills? Though I think ill, think lit, think ill, As the words I now indite, I say they know a wrinkle, And that they take delight Keeping count, count, count Of the exorbitant amount Which I pay them, to be dropped into their all receiving tills, In payment of their bills, bills, bills, bills, bills— In payment of their hateful and their peace-destroying bills Oh! the horrid butchers' hills, Greasy bills! What a well of deep dejection is my heart; and how it flllB With all but what's delight; 'lis more gloomy than the night. How melt away my notes— Oh ! so soon; How the jolly butcher gloats. As he chinks mr coins and notes, To the tone Which lie hums now, as he fills In his name, as he receipts his soul-destroying bills Worse than pills. Or the ills They're taken for's thatpaying! How it fills Me not with rapture! How It thrills, That paying—no gainsaying—of the bills, bills, bills, Of the bills, bills, bills, bills, bills; That meeting and receipting of the bills, Oh, the heavy doctors' hills! - Dreadful bills! Oh, what a tale of terror's theirs, of medicine and pills. Which each poor sickly wight Took erewhile to set him right. They're horrible to read, for they apeak— Oh, they speak of a time. When fever's frantic fire. Leaping higher, higher, higher, Made a resolute endeavour To make an end forever Of the fever-smitten author of this rhyme Oh! the bills, bills, bills, How their tale of terror thrills Of despair! How their horror they outpour. As they come in at the door In numbers quite enough to make one swear 1 For the author fully knows By meeting, and receipting, all the throes; How the heart with horror fills At the paying—no delaying—of the bills. The heart Binking still, and shrinking As it thrills, While meeting and receipting of the bills, Of the bills, bills, bills, bills, bills; The paying—no de'aying—of the bills. \- Oh! those worse than awful bills Lawyers'bills! gow their appalling sum my soul with horror fills; How they overawe me, quite; Make me shiver with affright, With a heartfelt and most melancholy groan! For every item "axed" By lawyers should be taxed, All will own. And the people—ah! the people Who submit to them like sheep'll, Find out their mistake; They'll keep paying, paying, paying— Howbelt with a groan— JThose lawyers who are rolling in wealth, with hearts of stone. They are neither smart nor lucky; They are neither sharp nor plucky;] They are fools! For they'll pw from day to day All their ready cash away In payment of those awful lawyers' bills— In payment of the bills, bills, bills, bills, bills. She paying—no gainsaying—of the bills. 