HOW AN UNBELIEVER MATERIALISED A SEANCE On Fremont-street, near Folsom., is a building belonging to a Mrs. Sleeper, which bears con spicuously on its front a tin sign, imparting to a wordly public that a Crimile lives within, and exercises tor its uenooi a wonaerrui ncciui. nieuiiy for the highly useful art of materializing disein bodied spirits. Mrs. Crimile lias been in the practice ou stated evenings of beckoning up from spirit laud the incorporeal shades, clothing them with fleshy integuments for the benefit of the curious or sentimental people who have four bits to pay for their folly. Mrs. Sleeper rakes in the four bits from tbe credible ami the curious alike, and Mrs. Crindlu summons up the spirits from the vasty deep, and for four hits more sets tlieiii.to talking to individual members of the circle, who -.pay for ihe privilege of get ting points frotn their friends in .heaven. On Monday evening there was one of these spirit shows given in the building m a large gathering of people, among whom were Colonel J. P. Cameron, the distinguished .democratic states man, Judge Collins, and other believers in the spirits. There were also- in the gathering one Thomas II. Hannah, of No. 515£ '"Bach- street,, a graceless unbeliever who bad been coaxed by bis friends into attending, to be.. .convinced tiy ocular demonstration that the spirits .will, to oblige certain gifted persons, return and put on their carnal vestments to talk with the living. The lights were turned low when the medium entered a cabinet and began preparations for calling up the spirits. After the. usual mystic persuasiveness, it was announced that the ghosts were acquiescent, and were coming to commune with the circle. An apperture appeared in the folding doors, a curtain moved aside, Spirit No. 1 was disclosed, and was announced as the Empress Josephine materialized. The spirits of several other distinguished defuncts returned in the flesh to' talk with the select circle of sitters, who, with many " Oil's !" and " All's" acknowledged .the favour, holding their breath in awed credence. A departed sister of one of the party returned, and was recognised by him and talked with him at considerable length. Finally, the spirit of a lady long dead was an nounced by her celestial title of Star Eye, by which name she seemed a familiar of several of the circle. She appeared to be a spirit of superior rank, and the veteran sitters of the circle were much more awed at her appearance than at the condescension of the Empress Josephine, Dukeof Wellington, Hannibal, or any other of the distinguished dead who had come for a few minutes' gossip with the meeting. Mr. Hannah grew interested, for he noticed a remarkable physical resemblance in all the -spirits of the evening, as if each wore the same fleshy garment over different spiritual frame work. In fact the spirits, to an eye which penetrated the outward guises of head-dress and paiuts, lookeil all of one family. Hannah put up his half-dollar for a chat with Star Eye, lenrned from Iter that his only sister— he never had one — was happy in Heaven.that his mother- in-law — lie was never married— was being rewarded according to her deserts in the other world, and that her wife's spirit was rejoiced to see liiin coming to a belief in the spirits, and would come to commune with him at the next sitting of the circle. At parting the spirit put out a hand to lay it on his head, when he grasped tbe wrist with both hands and gave a violent pull. " Star Eye" shrieked hysterically as her head banged vagaiust the dpor with a force which changed her to jBlackeye, and proved the material part of her, uMiatever might be thought of her spiritual prefensions. The company held up its hands and rinsed its voice in horror at the profanation pf the spirits. Hannah braced himself against the door, shout ing above the clamour of the company " Come out of that, you son of a gun." = The spirit struggled hard, but Hannah tugged like a pnppy at a root, and, after a brief struggle, the spirit yielded with a shriek, and came: through the aperature in the door, head first, with another spirit strangely clinging to her.'" The two piled on top of Hannah, who fell on his:hackin the middle of the floor with the violence of his pull and the sudden yielding of the spirits. In the fall the spirit's wig fell off revealing the fea tures of Mrs. Grind I e, the medium, and the other spirit proved to he the husband of Mrs, Sleeper, the owner of the house and treasurer of tho show. The circle broke up in . considerable excitement and confusion, and Hnhiiaii made his exit through the front window. — S. F. Chronicle. 