TBE DISTRESS IN IRELAND. WITH reference to the distress in Ireland, wc (Courier) learn from papers to hand by tho Torres Straits mail that absolute starvation exists, and has had its viotims in varions partB of thc country, and notably at Inishnwcn, county Donegal. The /riel Time» says :-" A coroner's inquest has been held, on November SO, on the body of a poor woman, tho wife of a cottier tenant, who, according to the medical evidence, died from want of food. When tho late harvest failed, the family, like mast others of the population, had nothing: to fall back upon. Tho mother sank under the joint pressure of severe mental distress and also want of proper nourishment. Insufficient clothing and want of fuel brought on conges- tion of thc lungs, and starvation did thc rest. The remaining members of the family arc now cast open the charity of thc parish. Persons who visited the wretched habitation in which the poor woman died say there w as no food of any sort save a cupful of Indian meal. Fire was represented by a little heather, which showed the utter dearth of ordinary fuel." Hundreds of people in the same district were j in distress almost as great. From the frith Timen (November dates), the leading Conservative paper in that country, we make the following extracts : DECLARATION OF IRISH MEMBERS. The following "declaration," with tho names attached to it, has been transmitted to Lord Beaconsfield : "TO THE MOOT HON. TOE EARL OF BEACONS FIELD. "Wc, thc undersigned members of the House of Commons, representing Irish consti- tuencies, feel it onr duty to bring before your lordship, ns head of thc Government, the sciions state of the country.. "Farming, our main industry, has now suffered from several successive bad harvests, and the depression has been intensified this year by the almost completo stagnation of the cattle trade. There can be no doubt but that the distress will be severe and widespread during tho coming winter and spring, and that in several extensive districts the almost com- plete failure of the potato crop and of thc fuel supply, combined with the absence of em- ployment, will involve a considerable number or tho small farmers and labourers in absolute destitution. "Wo would most earnestly uree on the Government, through your lordship, thc nofjuiyof taking immediate steps to pre vcAwftnd mitigate, as far as possible, this calamity. "Wo believe this can be best done by affording assistance to works of a permanent and useful character ; promptness is abso- lutely necessary, as delay will only result, a9 on former occasions, in ill-considered and un- productive expenditure. " If the law docs not give Government power to meet thc emergency, wc would urge thc desirability of summoning Parliament for a short winter session." j[Herc follow the signatures of sevcuty Irish members of all shades of opinion, from thc high Tory to Home Ruler.) Commenting on thc foregoing declaration, thc London Standnnl says :-" Thc signatures affixed to the declaration of the Irish members abundantly attest tba representative charac of the document. The language in which Prime Minister is addressed is moderate < unexceptionable. Of the reality of the c tress to which Lord lloaconefield's attontioi called no doubt, unfortunately, can exi The state of Ireland is, as thc memorial! say, serious, and will inevitably become ' worse. We arc now only on thc threshold what threatens to prove a winter extreme severity, socially if not clin tically. As the weather grows colder t absence of employment aud tho scarcity fuel will be felt more keenly, and it ia imp sible to anticipate the scenes of privation a suffering which tho next three mouths m witness without apprehension as well sympathy. It is probably not an exaggerati to say that of thc smaller class of Irish tenar -thc holders of thirty acres and less majority are on thc verge of bankruptcy. Ti exception tothisrulc consists of those who ha saved moneyiii former years. Those whocann pay their rent arc not likely to bc able stock their farms, and at thc same moment is difficult to see how they are to live till ne harvest. Moreover, Ireland has lately bei without the relief of its usual opportuniti for emigration to America. Distress exists i thc country, and starvation seems imuiinci in mauy portions of it, not so much in coi sequence of bad seasons as of lack of money in other words, thc reduced opportunity i earning wages. Tho gentlemen who hal addressed themselves to the Premier sho' that they arc perfectly aware of this fae They don't ask for any wholesale cleemosyn ar measure. They are content to explicit! recognise that for the Imperial Govemmer ta attempt to pauperise tho industrial classe in Ireland by any large scheme of finoneir relief would be worse than unwise. It i noticeable that, notwithstanding the report which have of late been spread in severs directions. Hot a word is said on thc eubjee of a grant out of thc three and a half million ' which, by the preamble of thc Irish Churcl i Act, are reserved for sudden and unforscei I emergencies. All wealth, whether realised o: [ potential, rests upon a basis of labour. Tin capacity of labour exists ia large quantitie* and in a most imperfectly developed conditiot in Ireland. If at the same time that this is utilised the material 'condition of thc country is improved, it is obvious that a double ad. vantage will have been Bocurcd. This, wi presume, is the principle on which thc Irish members justify thc demand they make or thc suggestion they offer." CARDINAL MANNING ON THE DISTRESS IN IRELAND. The following pastoral was read, from his Eminence Cardinal Manning, in the London churches :-Tho carly and severe cold which has set in warns us to look for much suffering in this winter among onr poor in London. Nevertheless we invite you to think first of others at a distance, who arc already suffering severely, and who, as thc winter draws on, will probably have to endure want of food, fuel, and clothing, of a kind happily unknown to ns. We have received private letters from well-informed and responsible persons in Ireland, full of anxiety for the next months. They describe what is day by day before their ayes ; and they assure QB that in in thc West of Ireland snell hunger, poverty, and want as now are to be seen havo never been known Binco the fatal famine of 1847. Fever has already shown itself, especially among thc school children. The dioceses which are already suffering most are ROBS, Kerry, Galway, and Tuarn. It may be little that you can «end ; but you will be glad at least to show thc sympathy and love of your hearts towards our suffering brethren in Ireland. We therefore affectionately and earnestly call upon you to give promptly and generously, os far os you oro able for their relief, and in thanksgiving to our Divine Master for all tho blessings we enjoy. A collection will bo made at all the masses and other services on Sunday next, Doccmbcr 7. May the charity of God be poured forth into your hearts by the Holy Ghost, who is given to you. 