THE CHATEAU OF PAU. The Chateau of Pair is a pioturesquo, ances tral castle, whose towers and ramparts stand nobly prominent on their ridge of hill dominating the town,- and are mirrored in the broad stream that runs through the green valley at its foot. It is rich in architectural interest— rich, too, : in a clustering overgrowth of histories aDd legends, but richer still ,frbin the fact of its having been the cradle of .Protestantism in the district of Bearno. ' Bearne was the last strong-: hold of Huguenot principles in France, and even now there is a leaven of the old faith at work in those sub-Pyrenean districts. A pleasant little garden, the delight of loiterers, runs round the old chateau, and from a leafy arcado on the ramparts you get a' glorious view of the snow-capped Pyrenees and of the broad plain stretching at their feet. It is miles in breadth, this plain/ richly fertile, watered by wandering/ streams, and furrowed here and there by ridges of hill and verdant uplands vine- clad : populous, too, with quiet little villages dotted in the green, like islands in a summer sea. Beyond all Boars the majestic mountain range-r- banltB of pine, zones of barrenness, tumbling torrents, writhing glaciers, until its topmost ledges and pinnacles, snow-mantled, fade off into the eternal blue. . This chateau was the chief rallying place for the Huguenots in the palmy days of French Pro- testantism. Montgomery, Coligny, and a host of other noteworthy Huguenots resorted to it as to head-quarters. Later on, it became the favourite residence of Jeanne d'Albret, perhaps . the doughtiest female opponent any pope had to deal with; also of her son, King Henry, of, Navarre (vide Macauley's lay), the winsome and debonnaire as ho was called ; all the early years of this darling of the Bernese were spent in the pleasant home.' Calvin was an honoured guest ; at the Chateau of Pau; Years after his death the sermons that he preached in the Church of - St. Martin hard by, and in the little chapel under, the tower, were.talked of and remembered and told from: father- to < son . by those who had listencd to him as to au Apostle. . . . , It is a complex pile, this chateau, indicating by the various architecture of its .towers and abutments the epochs at .which. they severally . grew. - The north towers were built in the fourteenth century by Gaston Phcebns, ancestor of Henry IV. A mighty hunter ho, a man 'of ;i robust frame and iron will, who ruled ther district- of Bearno ; this chateau being his: fortress;, ' - Might lorded it over, right in those days ; and though the evil deeds of Gaston Phoebus sunk him into ill-odour .(a voluptuary, .unscrupulous, cruel— so says his historian), public opinion, if indeed there was such a thing, was powerless to. bring him to book. His own brother, held the neighbouring castle of Lourdes in trust for the English. Gaston coveted it ; invited his brother with ail seeming friendship to Pau, feasted him right royally in his hall, and had him murdered at the feast. So Lourdes passed from English custody into the hands of Gaston of . Bearne. Certain estates much coveted by him . were : leagued to his own son. The boy was . relent lessly thrust into a dungeon, some pretext being given to the jailor to keep him there fasting. The father , held revel/ overhead. Weeks passed; the child- did not die. One day it came to pass that Gaston went' down to visit his son. The dungeon door was llung open, the father entered, and: the jailor withdrew; Presently Gaston went out, and closed the heavy door silently, after >.. him.- That night two warders : entered the dungeon and bore out therefrom a corpse. Gaston's son was buried with every manifestation of pomp and sorrow, and the coveted estates went to the father. That foul deed seems to have haunted him like a ghost. Never again did lie have peace. He- morse, like a fury, lashed him on to endless wickedness. -Dissipation and luxury palled, upon him, and, : under , the pretence of ridding the country of bandits, he brought into being one of those secret societies that were the terror and disgrace of the middle nges. The great republics of that time knew how to defend their privileges. Independence and- the rights' of the community they held sacred, but individual liberty had no guarantee. So Gaston, trying to imitate them in this, had" a fertile field open wherein to banish thought. A series of subterraneans were then silently constructed under the Montauzet tower of the castle. Deep in the earth, and screened from all intrusion, .these vaulted crypts served - well, the: purposes of the secret council. Their position was not guessed at; their existence only known by a whispered suspicion. Into these black recesses prying wanderers could never enter ; or doing so, found no way of return. It is said that the. sittings of this council were held, nightly, but all its, workings being cloaked in: mystery, no mark . was loft to trace. Not often either wore offenders brought before the conclave! The sentence went forth, , and sooner or latcrthe victim fell. " Mysterious judges were tliey of this confraternity, always masked, unknown to ' one - another, always assembling by night, punishing in silence. They, engraved on the dagger they thrust into the victim's breast the terrible words secret irtfttmaf. " They , forewarned him by crying three times 'under his window— ' Woe,: woe, . woe !' After that the wretched man knew that at any - time— in a stranger, , in . a fellow- townsman, in a relation even— ho might find his relentless murderer; Solitude, crowds, cities, sweet country walks alike, were haunted by the' invisible presence of that armed mystery that punished the doomed one."- Such were the deeds, such the career of Gaston ' Phoebus, who did evil with a high " hand. He greatly embellished and strengthened the. chateau, and was finally- gathered to his fathers. His servants buried him with great pomp in the royal sepulchre at Orthez. \ Although no retribution overtook GaBton Phoebus in this life, a kind of poetical justice was . done to his bones a century or ;two after. Montgomery, commanding the Huguenot- army, beseiged Orthez, and while his soldiers, were battering down a monastery they lighted on the tombs of the kings of Boarne. They ex humed the bodies, and got hold of Gaston's, skull and played at bowls with it. Appertaining to these crypts under the, Montauzet tower, there was' a kind of well or dungeon, for _many years an object of terrible interest. This was the torture chamber. The secret council here : examined unwilling, witnesses, or stilled inconvenient tongues for ever. It was situated beneath the apartments . of the ladies of honour, who, it is said, were frequently startled by wild shrieks, muffled, and, growing fainter; and fainter. When they sought for the whereabouts of this ghostly voice/ they sought in vain. So : that at, last the Woman's, quarters wore reputed to be haunted, and no further notice was taken of the thing. It was by a spiral staircaseletinto thicknesses of the wall that these sounds ascended. But the existence of such a way was only known to tho council and its president. Victims were let down by a clamped trap, as in' the Mamertino prisons of Home. To add to the horrors/, they . used this crypt also as a chnrnel house, But that which most stirred the terror of those who broke in in after years, was a kind of: statue fixed in a recess,- grirhly christened " The ; Iron Virgin." It was an instrument grotesquely shaped like' a' woman, and bristled with' sharp spikes. Some horrible machinery within set the arms in motion, which, slowly onfolding the victim in their embrace, drew him , forward and hugged him to death. Then the mechanism revorsed its motion, and the insatiate virgin thrust off her victim and held out her arms for more. Henry destroyed this engine of torture and closed the ; subterraneans. . The traces of the stoppage may still be seen in the bricklayers' work. However, in the reign of Louis XV., Richelieu' made a fresh opening at the foot of the Montauzet tower, in order to get into this crypt, which' — so said a tradition — extended even below the ramparts. They dug deep; and eventually came upon the cells in question, and, moreover, burrowed some way into an under ground passage, but how far it extended tliey could not determine, for the earth had fallen in. Nevertheless, iron rings and chains in abund ance were 'found attached to the stonework of the wall, whore many an unfortunate had perished. Wo now como to the days of Jeanue d'Albrdt. The surroundings of - the chateau were changed, little peaceful villages had grown into being in the broad valley beneath. Changed also was the world within; the castlo. Revelry and banqueting ' had given place to strict sobriety. Jeanne prohibited the wearing of "all costly or luxurious attire " to her subjects. So that all Pau, from tho castlo to the cottage, presented a gravely-decorous picture. The preaching of Calvin was working like leaven in tho minds of the people of Bearne. The Queen of Navarre surrounded herself with pastors of the reformed, creed in her Chateau of Pau. Religious meetings were held there at whioh Catholic priests were invited, or rather summoned, to attend. There, in the midst of that august circle, batteries of learned argu ments, entreaties, prayers were opened upon their reverences, with more or less success. One great aim of Jeanne d'Alkret was to get tho clergy to marry. That, she thought, would bo proof positive of their conversion. Sho was always ready to get wives for them, and she furnished wedding breakfasts at her chateau, and honored the marriage company with hor presence. Ecclesiastical councils, too, were sometimes held at the chateau, and at one of these the Queen ; of Navarro succeeded in inducing the Catholic bishops to translate and publish the Bible in the Bearncse dialect. She was over bent on the triumph of her faith. One day, amid the tumult of arming in tho great hall of the -castle, where Henry's body guard were getting ready to attend him to the fight, she entered, leaning on her son. In the hush caused by : her presence, she called aloud for them to bring his armour,' and then and there, with her own hands, sho equipped him from head to foot. ' "How can- your majesty bear up with so great fortitude ?" was asked of her. "It is the joy at promoting so holy a cause," said she, "that raises me above the weakness of my sex." In a letter of the Princess Margarot, the following occurs : " We stayed at the Chateau of Pau, where, there being no religious worship that we could join in, they permitted us to have mass said in a little chapel three or. four paces long, and so narrow that our company of six or seven, could- hardly crowe into it. . . . Whenever this servieo was held they lifted the drawbridge of the dastlc." Whatever of worth was found in Henry of Navarre he owed in great part to his mother's teaching. Jeanne d'Albret seems to have acquired such influence over her . son notwith standing the incessant efforts of Catherine of Medicis to entangle him in her own vicious circle, as to have astonished the corrupt court of Charles IX. .'One day on the battle- field i of Coutras, Duplessis Morney, a Protestant chief, besought him to make public confession of a certain crime before engaging in the fight. Henry at once bent humbly to this counsel. He con fessed ; and to some lords near his person, who were essaying to turn him from his purpose, he said, " One cannot be too humble before God, or too bravo. before men." He fell on his, knees in company with the soldiers, and took them to witness of . his repentance." The (Calvinist minister then stretching forth his hands, uttered a solemn prayer. They rose up, and the signal to battle was given. The commander of the enemy's forces, seeing Henry thus bareheaded and kneeling, cried out, " The King of Navarre is afraid. Triumph— already triumph !" But a brother-general was not so deceived. "They never pray, '| said he, hut , when resolved to conqueror die." And so it proved ; for Henry's foes were utterly routed. . It . was in those days that a cleverly-organized conspiracy, complex and deadly disturbed the kingdom. This had been set on foot by the Holy . Office, and was directed against the life of the Queen of. Navarre. It was proposed to seize the persons of Jeanne and her children at the chateau, and carry them off bodily across the Pyrenees into Spain, to the .prison of the Inquisition at Madrid. By this means Roma fondly hoped to get rid. of her troublesome Majesty— a tfyorn that had begun to rankle in the Pope's side— and to stamp out heresy in Bearne; Jesuits hired themselves as servants in her chateau. . For the thing was to be done quietly at dead of night, when all was looked in slumber. The Cardinal , of Lorraine, Pope Pius IV., and Philip, figured among the con spirators, And the plot would have : succeeded but for a simple accident (if such a thing, there be). . It happened that a secret messenger, of Philip's in crossing :the Pyrenees, fell ill with a fever. They removed him to a peasant's cottage, where for days he lay prostrate and raving In these fits of delirium all his knowledge of the affair leaked out. The bystanders were aghast at the treason the man uttered. They thought him mad,' bub nevertheless took tho precaution of sending information to Pau. And so the: wickedness of the wicked was brought to light ' — J eanne . was . saved. . Her brother-in-law, CardinahBourbbn,' when remonstrated with on the villiany . of .-.his attempt, made a very characteristic Vraply— a reply that somo Btill living of that family might be invited to reflect upon — "No ties of blood," said he, "must be heeded, no deed .must be looked upon as too atrocious, when .the extermination of heresy is in question;" .'". . Jeanne d'Albret wrote from this chateau (1562) to her son, King Henry— "The vices of those two houses, (Bourbon and Valois) will one day prove their utter ruin." A prophecy ful filled in one case long ago, and obviously ; probable in the other. jgJTkey still show you Jeanne d'Albret's bedroom at the Chateau of Pau. It is a ; pleasant chamber, with a sunny casement overlooking the park. Some creeper has trailed up and clings lovingly about the old stone mullions. It was at this casement,, by the way, that in former years, a queen, pining for her faithless husband, sat passing her days in'embroidering sumptuous altar cloths, dalmaticums, copes, and other church millinory, iu gold and purple, that sixty years later fell into the hands of Montgomery and tho Huguenots. The chamber is hung with Gobelin tapestry, now rathor faded by time. The bed stands in its old place — a thing of masaive oak, carved . with arabesques, upon which you may still read the date, 1562. : In the times of persecution, it happened that on a certain evening a Calvinist minister, of the name of Battaile, was conducting service in his native village, not far .from Pau. As open worship was forbidden, his little flock wero met in a retired chamber of somo hospitable brother's dwelling. While tlioy were thus worshipping,' a band of Romanist scouts— there was no lack of such ruffians in those days who made it their calling to proul about the country for prey— broke in upon tho circle, seized the minister, aud dragged him off to Pau, where he was cast into a dungeon. \- Battaile's name stood high. Ho was well known and respected. For this cause, when the Bishops, of Losbar aud Oleron— then in the city— heard of his capture, they be stirred themselves to compass his freedom ; the .more anxiously, being aware of the cruel death which would otherwise overtake him. From their seats in Parlia ment these prelates pleaded in favour of loosing the prisoner. He had been misguided, thry said— a sheep who had strayed from the fold. He would finally return ; let him go free. However, the court' was inexorable. Battaile, said tho council, has shown himself to be a pestilent heretic ; lie must bo broken on the wheel. Now the bishops were not daunted by this rebuff. They immediately cast about for some other means of arriving at their end. First, a short respite was accorded, " that we may make a last attempt to convinco him of his heresy." A certain curate was then taken into tho secret, and about nightfall the Bishop ofLcscar and this gentleman, in their ecclesiastical raiment, betook themselves to the caBtle. They de manded entrance with some considerable fus3 and ostentation ; and warders thereupon quickly lackoyed them to the door of the prison cell under the great tower — the cell iu which Battaile was incarcerated. The venerable pastor lay soundly asleep on a tresslc bed. The jailor entering, hung up a dim lamp to a hook in the vaulted ceiling, left the priestly visitors, and retired. "What passed iu the way of argument, does not appear. The curate, however, eventually divested himself of his robe and cast it round the aged minister, who, thus arrayed, walked out of the prison arm-in-arm with the Bishop of Lescar. The night was advauced, the bishop's carriage in waiting, the horses fresh. His lordship opened the door, thrust in the bewildered Calvinist and himself followed. Then they two drove out into the dark night, and hour after hour, by dark by-roads, through slumberiug villages, past long poplar avenues, they travelled on until they found themselves at St. Marie, on the frontier, and Battaile wa3 safe. As for the curate, he feared no ill, even though the ruse were discovered ; they dared not - touch a priest, he thought; so he gathered the pastor's robes about him, together with such scanty coverings as the prison afforded, and throwing himself on the tressle bed soon fell soundly asleep — so soundly slept he, that the jailor locking up for the night gave no thought to verify the identity of his guest. Next day the bishops appeared to the rescue, and their generous accomplice walked hack to his home in Fau none the worse for a night's im prisonment. Furthermore, the matter getting noised abroad, it tickled the fancy of the people mightily, who made known their satisfaction through the medium of a boisterous deputation, sent to the bishops in that intent, greatly, of course, to the confusion of the council. . But this was not all. His Lordship of Loacar gave out in proclamation, that on next Sunday he would preach at the church of St. Martin, on the subject of the " Good Shepherd bringing back the wandering sheep." This appropriate allusion to his own attempt could , not fail te excite curiosity. When the day came tho church was full, the whole Parliament being present. The prelate is reported to have spoken forcibly on our Lord's method of bringing back those sheep who had wandered from the fold ; and his sermon, says the historian, made " such an impression on the people, that when service was finished, they bore him out of the church in triumph, and so, with acclamation, carried him through the streets to the house of his son. 