LATE HOME NEWS. From telegrame in the 8. M. Herald of neae by the Suez mail we take the following: London, Wednesday, November 19. The Queen has appointed Captain Shaw, chief of the London Fire Brigade, to be a Companion of the Batlh. The Irish National Convention Committee, eom posed of Orangemen, Home Rulers, and Repealere, have decided that the Convention shall consist of 300 -representatives of eo\nties and towns, elected by ballot under manhood suffrage. The Convention is to meet in Dublin not later than the 18th. Mr. Parnell, M.P., hla been stumping the large towns and addros sing Irish electors, urging them only to support such candidate as s are pledged to give Iomo rule. In e speech delivered at Manchester, hle said that tenants in Ireland ehoald pay fair ront.s for thirty yearn, after which the land should become thIe tenant's property. Prince Alamayn, son of the late K,,:g Theodore of Abyssinia, died of inflammation of the lungs, at the residence of Professor iansome, at Headingley. The deceaonsed Prince weas eighteen years old, and had been educated in this country at the expense of the British Goserament. During his illness Ier Majesty the Quecen took a warm interest in him,and was kept con stantly informed by telegrams as to his condition. The German naval establishments are to be con riderebly strengthened, Danlsio being made a nanval station like Kiel. The Danish Minieter for War, in replying to a hope expressed by adeputy that Prussia weuha return North Slesawick to Denmark, said it was more likely tllhat Prussia contemplated attaoling Denmark to Siloeswick tlhan restoring Sleswick to D)enmark. Prince Napoleon hase abandoned his claim to the throne, and now appears to assume the position of compelitor for the Presidentaebip of the Empire. He has recooently constituted his household on an ambi. tious scale, appointing gentlemen of high poetition in the Bonapartist ranks to posts about hie person. Recent State elections in the United States are a heavy blow to the Democratic party. The Democrats are losing support everywhere, ercept in the South. General Groant and Secretary Sherman are the only conspicuous candidates as yet for the Republican nomination to the Presidency. Both are making tours and delivering speeches apparently in view of the next Presidential election. Cardinal Manning has arrived in Rome, to partici pate in the deliberations of the Sanored Congregations, of which he is a member. The High Court of Appeal has decided that the Q.ueen's Bench had not the power of interference which it claimed in the case of Mr. Mueonoehie's ap. peal from the judgment of the Court of Arches. Lord Penzance's sentence of three years suspension for con temptuous disregard of the injunction of tle Court of Arches, will, therefore, tole immediate effect. Pridar. Nonember 21. The Queen heas delayed her journey from Dalmoral for three or four days in consequence of her wish to show the lset mark of respect to the memory of an old servant named John Grant, who died in a cottage near the castle, given him by the Queen. He had been twenty-five years a servant at Balmoral, in constant attendance on the late Prince Consort, with whom he was a great favoUrite. Tie Porte published, on the 18th, an official de claration, stating that the necessity of introducing reforms had constantly engaged tihe attention of the Sultan, and that, in spite of war and other dimcultiose, something had been done towards realizing Hie Majesty's benevolent intentions. Formal orders have now been given to prepare and exceute measures best fitted for assuring the prosperity of the country. The Council of Minfstorshes arranged tile necessary reforms in two categories. Tie first includes statutes for an administrative organization of the European provinces ; it likewise includes the immediate execution of reforms necenssary for the reorganization of the admimetrative system oin Asia and other localities in the Empire. The second category comprehends the reorganization of the Ministry and all branchesc of the public ad ministration, the result of the researches and labours of the Council of Ministers. Each of these great categories hias been submitted to His Msojersty, and Ihas receired the supreme sanction. The laws coneerniog the distribution of Ministerial respansibility, after haring been submitted to the deliberations of the Council of Ministers, and approved by a commission of lawyers, have recerived tihe Imperial sanction, and will be immediately put into execution. Baker Pasha has brought to a conclusion the labours of the Commission over which he presided, for the reorganization of the Turkish army. The Com mission proposes that all Turkish subjects, irrespec. tire of race or religion, shall be liable to military ser vice, which is fixed st twentyyears ofage, a portion to be passedio infantry,thiree incaevalry, andthe remainder in the reserve. The Sultan insists upon an immediate execution of this proposal. A ministerial deadlock has occurred in Italy, arising out of the diasension of the Lelt. Cairoli resigned, being unable to senccue unanimity in tie Cabinet, or among the leaders of the Left. Signor Crispi Ihcola is particularly hIostile to the Ministry. Tie great bone of contention is about the grist tax, which the Left pledged to carry, but which cannot be abolished unless replaced by other sources of revenue. It is impossible for tihe Hieht to go on with the present Chamber. The King Ihas requested Cairoli to effect a reconciliation with Segnor Dvpretie of the Left, his immediate predecessor in the forumation of the Cairoli. Depretis Cabinet. The country is reported to be weary of theen ever returning crises and partial crises, which have interfered withl public business, and eon tinue to diminish Italy's iefuecie abroad, just at a moment lheon she must take her stand with or against Austria and Germany. SBombuy, Friday, December 5. A free pardon tas been granted at Cabul to all who have been in arms against the British, savre those who were concerned in tihe massacre of tbhe Embassy, or were found in possession of any property belonging to memhers of tihe EImbassy ; and crceltling also tilhe leaders of the opposition to our advalco. An inquiry regarding Ylkoob liuhl's personal connection with the massucro is piroceeding. It has now transpired that the bodies of tile Europeai members of tle Embassy were disgracefully treated, being dragged through the streets of Cubul, and that tihe story of their interment was a gross falsehood. Yuakoob Khan has been escorted under strotg escort to Peahuwur. Tihe rebellion in the Neggahill is being overcome. Ironola was taken on tile 22nd November, after a most desperate reeiseltaneo. tMajor Cock was killed, and Lieutelonants Ridgoway and Forbes wounded, besides which, nearly thirty native ofllicers and men were killed. 1e learn from Tuesday's Courier that in accordance with a resolution passed at the Municipal Council meeting on Monday last, a meeting of the Council in committee of the whole was held on the 21th instant, at 3 p.m., in order to consider a p-oposal to lay down tramways anid run tram ears in this city. The Town Clerk read a proposal from Messrs. elMackay, M.L.N., and G. H. Royce, C.E., Sydney, on bellIf of a com pony who would lay down traunrails and run tram oars in tile city. They purposed using horses, and to work the traum cars for passeoger tralile only. Thebo Mayor an noqneed thlet hie had received a second proposal from Messrs. It. R. Dawburn and J. C. Wylie on behltf of a company, to be formed in the colony, and who would uise steam-engines or motors on tihe streets, avd would carry stone and other material for tihe Corporation aus well as freight for the public. After discussion, a motion piroposed by Alderman Bsle--"That the proposUle submitted should be printed, snd copivs placed before miembers of the counceil and the press for consideration and discussion," weas carried unani mously. The Forbes Times contains the following :--" A gentleman who came up from the Lower Lacltanl by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst the passengers was a young mall, twenty-two years of age, who was constantly making useof tlhemenmost blashemous language, very much to tihe annoyance ol his fellow travellers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to whly hie made use of such terms so irreverently he seemed surprised, and ultimatoly admitted that he knew the words ' God,' ' Jesus Christ,' ' Holy Ghost,' as terms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who made him, had vot the remotest idea of a Supreme ltcing, and in fact evinced the dqrkeet ignorance on ail suech matters." A telegram in tihe 8. Mi. Hlerald from Cootamundra says :-A person numed Mrs. M'Guiro, a passenger from Yass to Billabong, imagining that she was being taken past her destination, got out of tbhe window of the railway carriago avd attempted to jump. Her dress caught on a hook and she was carried hanging by it for some distance when it gave way, and sieo rolled down the embankment, breaking her arm in two plaoces and otherwise severely bruising herself. Fifty Afghans have been executed for complicty in the late massacre of the British Resident. 