CONGREGATION AL UNION AND MISSION OP TASMANIA. A preliminary business meeting of sueli of tho ministers and representatives as were in town took place at tbe Memorial Hall yesterday afternoon, /when avconveraation-took- place on -the order, pro posed to bo observed in tho meetings for the week, and especially the public meeting to take placo in thcovening. FUBLTCreKTTNtU'- : i -At. .730 the first public meeting in connection with tbe annual session took place at tbe Memorial Hall. There was a lnrge nttendance of miniateris- and lny,mombers. Among" tlie former,, occupying the platform or seats in tlio locality; were the Revs. Messrs.. c. Price (chairman), IV. . c. . Robinson, (secretary), G. Clarko (chairman-elect), Tinning,1 Nisbet, Shipphird, Law, Bennett, J. J. Ilalley, Manthorp, etc. The choir was led by Mr. A. J. Chapman, nnd Mr. Reilly 'presided at the organ. ; Tho Chatrjian ; commenced tlie prnceodinas 1)V stating that they were met togot her under cirenni- 'stonces of great interest, and .which, were" cause of Igrqat thankfuluess. Their first meeting should bo distinguished by praise to, God for all that'he/.had done., for., them in the . past ; for they -felt their, absolute dependence on;the Divino tjlessiog! aiid'on' Divine guidance. Tbey desired ' not only/ to "priiy ' and sitag/'but to realise the 'immediate presence ' of God in.their midst, for. without that' they felt that , tlioir lrieetings would'be in vain, and -with 'it th'oir1 strength would he renewed in the i work in . whieli' tliep were' engaged.!, Let, them ho.'dotbrminod ithatJ tHeir, meetings should bo. ofia dovptipual, character.1' That thoy,- might, be n sucpess,. and .that none (Should' go away unblessed. 1 Let the 1 keynote of ) their meet ings) j)q ) a seffao ! of ..the Divine presence' ; audi let. them feel thaVthby had-tho' baptisffi of -the- Holy-' Ghost.' ' 1 'I (''TLM ; Ali' / .1 ; J #. The Rev. Mr. Manthorp, ' of South Australia, offered prayer. .(!!/.! i, The Chairman, in - introducing the Rev. G. Clarke, -ihis successor for, the year, said; they, would ; recolleetithot in. his, (Mr. -price's) .address ;last, year ho, called attention, to, this being the Jubilee Year(Of 1 tho introduetiqn/bf .Qongregatioujffisrii to Australia! 1 and, he,, was/glad the .fact had heqri 'Vak'en'.up,, and hebelieved eoriSiderahle'gobd w'ould be the' i;qsult! A.U,he,liad to 'do' was'/to'thank the' bfetliien for liiviffcr' to confer unen-him for-the seeond1 time' the B"6sitiohqfchairman.---He thanked God' for 'having c'oh'tif ought through the' year,1 andHthey ooiiid 'afl jdin' himffn'aclcnowiedgirig His "goodness iin'giving them'sucocssiis.a idenominatiou. Ho/(Mr'.t Fries) thanked/ his 1, brethren- for, ,wliot.,they. had j dono; in Sustaining /their .principles, , and' --he. ..thankf tho churches that, -.tlioy, liadLjeqii kept , to show those priueipies in-life and lieaik - ,Ho, had!uo doubt it would 1 hev scoff . during, ? their , moetiugS: ,, that they wanted inore, spiritual .life!;', brit for tho/'mqisufo of grace bestowed by tlie Head of the Cb'urbh they had. reason to be thankful."1 Ho should' now resign' liib charge juto the .hands of one whom they all -'kriew,. loved,' 'and trusted!' (Applause.)' He' corild: trii'st lffm as a good minister, und no doubt ho would'tako the best care of their interests as1 Congrcgntidrialists or Independents. He had much pleasure: iniresiuri- ing his charge, and - introducing Jhis successor , 'Mr. Clarke. .(.(Applause.) ... . .( ... The Ciiairman-Eleot, . having/taken Mr.! Price's place, said;he would not dotaiu tliem at' any length, as he had..to!giyqa"f6rinal address. He expressed Liiff '"ackriowl e(l gm off ts "0 f the honour, conferred upon him, and could only say no appreciated it andvalucd the'eonfideuce:re()Osed iu':hiin,"/;' He H'ojjed.ho would bo ablbfn some small measure to/promote the; great interests eommittod to. bis/care and; supervisioiriLpr tho coming year. ; (Applause.) ::.v' . . ) The .Secretary ,(Mr.. Robinson), at the request of the Chairman, introduced ..the' visitors ' from other colonies, / the , Roy.' J.' J. Halloy, of , Victoria, and Rev. i C.'. Manthorp, of South Australia'. -' "'; Tlio' CiiAliiMAN, shaking hand's with "each of tho gentlemen named, '-'saidAoii behalf of the Congrega- : tional Union and 1 Mission , of Tasmania; lie recog- niscd them as representing the / sympathy 'and good will' of their "brethren"! of'tlie respective ' coldriies of Victoria and South Australia. .. (Applause!) .«'! . ' The Rev. J.' J: Halley acknowledged/ the kindly . reception given to lffm. He was there to bring the ardent Leelings,of, respect. aiid love". entertained by the brethren of Yictbria,.. . They did riot forget that; Tasmania wa's in some se'risq,, their riiotlioi- as Con- ! grogationalists. .'. Tiioy .'didJriot' forgot" tliiit' Johnny i resident' of Launceston, . arid a Congregationalist, . and i though the /daughter might show, ffiorself at times aj little bounccablc, and the young/lady might think her j mamma a littlp-slow ooeasionully,:yqt;there was tlio;' best'of feeling' prevailing between them, '.Hb (Mr. ' Halley) felt glad.to he. present with thdni, although somewhat/! Humiliated! that 'there we're not more' there to represent Victoria',; the cbniinitteb had ap-j pointed 1 another," and ; voted ' riibney -to ; pay . his expenses'/ 1 ' Ho"' (Mr. " 'JHalley) ' ' had'- tried-'-'hardl to "get/somebody to' dome 'over, ''but; -did not! succeed, ""He." also .regretted that New ' South; Wales') was; notfrepresouted tioro , on an oe-j easion likoi:,. this, ./Which.,. would- never .oeenr again; in.o their lifetime.. ...Ho, would , just ;say there1 -were oireumstances whioh- rendered it appropriate,' that he (Mr. Halley) - should1 be a representative, j In tho first place, to ilia father (the Rev. 'Dr. Halley) they owed tho minister whose jubilee tlioyi jwere.igoirig.to oelobrate; Dr. Halley ohpso. theffate' Rev. Frederick Miller,! and ordained lffm to the! pastorate. , (Applause;) Then their.. second minis ter (Rev. C." Pride) was''traiuod'"'under "his (Mr.j Halley'a) father! and there' were 'brie br' tsio' others- of the ministers of this and other culouies of; wliom/ the samo miglit bo' said. : So that- lie folt there was some appropriateness ill lffm being there.; /Ho was there to :do what he could ;. to speak to thorn1 as oboasiori' might require. Ho considered that, : as' far as possible, tho colonies should ho united more thari they were, on religious matters. ' He .con-! 'gidered the"re'wa3'a waste of Btrength; and1 lie' hoped' one result of those meetings would be to strengthen tli'at union'.1':). A .your ago ho (Mr. Halley) asked Tas- mania' they ,would riot,. . .He. np.w. asked that (they would do so, 'jand; have their, representative present at; the .next.' meeting,, of,,, the,. Congregational .Union of Victoria, 111 October of tlie present year/ He hoped they- 1 - would .send their.. Chairman! ' or some1 ono equally qualified. (Applause.') 'Ho had only to repeat' thbt'he hoped they would have some happy inootings,! and that.the..Qod.of. our Churblics/ not/alpbb those! -.'of our! order,' the great : Head of: the/Church,, would preside oyer.thom,'audbles3 ' tliein with Ilis grace.' (Applause.); j j Thqi,,Rey.,C..JlANTnoRT,. in aokiipiviedging tho recognition lib liad roooi lied/ said lie' 'was' 'going to make au apology. .. He' was there as the represents; tive of South Australia, " ' because his good brother (Rcv!'Mr;'nCox), who was appointed;' 'Could uoii come. '''His (Mr. Mantliorp's) Gliufbh fpiis"seil a re solution of gladness foi' tlie lioiiour conferred on lffm! but they were told- that ho'Swas ("the' '"'substitute for another. The committee had igiveri lffm no instruc? tioiis !:;: >'they.a . knew sl'lioi'., (Mr. Manthorp): was iiiaturally aq-g affable, -agreeable, and; politoff man (laughter), and. ho qquldioiily say lie did; iff tjiq,u.ame ofpouthAustrali:!, greet his obugregatiouiii hfetiiren of Tasiiiaiiui'. , .(A'pplaiisp.) He did /not kiioiv whal relation Squth 'Australia was to Tasmania.; ho sup'. "ppsed a/sort' ;of sister ;. but hp' rejoiced iff', the 'oppor tunityof rebtiug thbm/ " He, h.e'artjly ''reciprocated al that had bcon eaid by Mr JHallby, 'and'expressed tlm jiopoj that'thoVe jiffeotiugs jwOTd/ "bo'thbfouglily mWmfut'"'"(Ap.plausq.) ' iV-r-i; ">i""i>'"'' ' ' ..TlmSEqRETARYin'timated/tliaVtliero ivqs a p'ro'- bability'bveff 'iipW1 of 'tHpir liaviiig 'a 'r'eprbserifativb froni Now South "Wales; " Thb'fricnd'expbbtqd from Queensland ha'd' fomffd (it/ini'praotieable to eom4 but1 ho had 'ahbwii his" sympathy / -with" their' iUniop . by sending a-'papoF,1' whioh would be read at 0110 of- /their meetings. CHe'theu/read a synopsis of-pfoeeed'- lingsiofitho'iilast annual (Session, wlffoli was:ilield in. Launceston. " ' .-il,!;,-,:,. 1. ! jijThq.chqir suugithe (lAnthcin j,«j Bohoij .how? good . and Hqwjpjcasant/',' jy .! i; !-,/' .!' ' " ' ' ' "cirAiiiMAN's/AffpRiris. U'-/'1 j Rev.(G-., Clarke; , tlie , now! , e'liairmqu, , doliveretl' his offimu-.i'si'fonp'V-f. 1 i My Dear'Bretliren,— ' Thbre was a time, within tlie irieiriory of 'living'inen; when tlie churches of the Con gregational order wero much more isolated /than1 they are/now. Very rarely, perhaps not onoe in a genera tion, were they summoned -through : their rlolegates to ( anything lilce' a general conference, i Tb'o rlifliciilty nn'il expense oi iravei, were 100. groac,; zee consumption pt timo and tho deraugoment of local ministries wbro"tcjb -, serious, and most of all, tho ; pervading, feuv AVas too- stfpiig' lest 'tlio' independence of 'tho'churelielf fflibffld' lio 'sacfinced to tlierrile'bf'a greht'bfgnriisatibri'!''' 'We 'live in happier times, and-oan meet at far lesH cost than our fathdrs,-andwo;nrb' rib longerliaiinted by,thb fear that the principle pf;golf-gpvernment:,will bo criiBhod byftho(weight of a central 'body? 'Wb'bave now oiir -Union, meetings -wherever, any ;number. of„Congrega- itibnal Churches/are established, and in this colony, as, elsewhere; wp. call- together, yeap by year the pastols' and rop'rosonfntives of our, bluirclies," that wb-iniiy . qonfer. on mattera affebtiiig tlib welfare of the, Churbh 'iitTargo, or tlib special interests of bur biVnobmrnunioti.'" Assuming:rio)legfBlative authority, nffd abstaining from all iutcrfdrencb. '.with the . internal administration pfi thOi.ehurelies, it might seem that we , hove, nothing to g.iiii by such meetings, and, we frankiy adiffit tliiit we cannot disehargo-mnny/' of ' thb.:fu'n'btions of other- ecclesinstioal synods;: but we find ouriUnidii useful, if" only that it enables t us promptly- to gather ! up tiio"' sontipiontB of. our /people, to consult, ou .llie.ebinmbiff good, to " ndvisb'iyliere advice seems needed 1 tb"agree upon' ri'cbirimnii'bburbb of action in 1 questions of public interest, to prevent tlio waste of "strength by clashing ; plaits,; and to ebmliiiio in doing workithat is beyond the ' scope i. or rosourees of ; a - single, congregation. ; jVFe cun.sumuiaio urotuoriy invo, restrain petty rivalries, ebrreet'niis'riiiderstatidirigs, aud bind niirselves to more faithful arid- abtive BOrvice in'the'ivork of our commpn -Lord '; and though wo have 110 executive- powers, wo /are sura that.no Bingle pastor or church among us will-" ' deal liglitlywith any opiiiinn or suggestion that tloin- mands the gqiibral assent of the Union!. /. ; A special iuturost attaches- to. our meeting tin's yolir. Fifty years agu— eo fur as wo wore eaucernud— Aus tralia was unknown and unoccupied territory. , There wiis no.chui'ch'of our order iff those cbfoniea.-' " A few. Independents luid found' their way to' tbe puda bf tlio learth; Jand'.wbile 'gladlyl nnd ithiinkffflly worshipping witli their brethren undor Episcopal, Wosioyuu, or Freabytoriau fnrniu, it was; only natural that they .should loiig'fbr. a .ministry of their own eoolosiastieui- pqlity! TliuB, effort to' supply this want was tho begin- iffng of a uioveiiioiit! the outward residt of wlffoli aro ivisiblo in the liundred -anil sovauty ministers of. our Australian yenr hook, mid tlio at loast equal number1: of .edifices which liavo boon built and set apart for .Christian worship according to our forms. Many 'devout and earnest ministers, -whose names are'iii tho Book, of, Life, have passed out of the list of our earthly registbifl but' "these reffiain,' aridL firat in the order/of -time of all the goodly company of our prophets there stamls tiie namo of tlie revered and sainted Frederick Miller. Of courso wo do not mean that lie was the father and founder of tho Australian churches, for they were founded separately in the different colonics. But 1- rederick Miller was the drat in timo to launch his frailest of coracles and to sail into tbe void. . Ho.ivas.tho first.that ever burst Into that silent sea. - - - -- He landed at Hobart Town on t)ie 39th of September, JKjfl, iind here, on this spot,' and within these walls, the oldest riiurch of our order in Australia.estahiislied "itsclf."It seems fittiiig'that'nfthis meeting wo should take special account of the first planting of the con gregational pplity ,in. these new. lands, and invite the sympathy and, fco-pperation of our brethren in the! "neighbour colonies.'- They.have 'responded" with kind rind loving greetings,;, ;and /some, are here in person to represent, their, good will. .To them in . tlio name of, this 'Uriioff' I tender our heartiest" "welcome. Brethren, tlie responsibility of making, me'your' chnir- ' man on this occasion rests ripon yourselves.'. "Though ;I feel tlie honnur of the position, and ' still more the lieraonnl confidence which your vote implies, I do nviiili that vmir nlmirn lirtfl ffillim mmn mo«. iTiibro is nothiffg for it, However, ,now,"bfft to, try and .do my duty, rremeffibering. that apart from' the for- jmality of keeping order, anything your chairman! says must go for. what it is worth, and kiiqwiffg well that if in the large liberty you allow' him' lib ' should fail in some . tilings to/carry the full assent of .your judgment,, lieihns nothihg.to fear from' your/want, of thought, or patience, or. kindliest charity. ,' I )vill leave', it. to others to put before yon tho -story of ; theriseand pfogfess.of oxirepngregational churches iri thoseveral colonies, and invito yqii to sivebp a large'r hprjzon, /iiffd,llo61dng at our Church life lis a whole to miirk 'tiiosb'/nlspeora in which it is changed from the.ChurchTifbjof. fifty years ago. AVliat is our jmsition now as compared with what it-Was' ? ' What do Wo hold? What .havowe.let, go ? What is the sot of the current, tliatiamyeoping us' along? , And. .how shall, we. keep the .course, arid inakqfor'.'the'pbft/of bur'high calling'ofGo'd in Christ Jesus ? These -are! grave'qubstioha enough," ,'drid as1 difficult as they are grave. They press .for, (.an- answer,., honest,, if but, partial,, .and I. am/mire th'at' you'!'Will;'tl6t''¥6i)el 'even a. feeble 1 atfeinpt to get-'nri' observation! through ." thelmist'and haze of the driving' clouds.! that , we'. mayi Jiml '.our, (position, '..take soundings, , anil markuuq. course. yThp /changes, o£ the last (ifty'years liave been so great iriJsome" directioffs' that we are apt to think there is no sueli thing1 ne w as ! stability linMiHmnnfaffairs.iiiNpt ,q. little qf ; the un easiness of.ou.i;,timbq,8priqgslfrpm,yiigue|c6ffceptibns pf the character qnil extent 'of/snbh' phanges.' ''There eah' be no ' question that, in ' all the' physical acieifces,' and tllOU U|lillbUvlUII lit 1)1187 Ol VO Ul| lllO| - UlU lilllUgO) Ulsr V passed awajy.and all things haverbeeome new. On this path/the, wcfrhl has advanced 'far 'riiore in the, last fifty years than.it .hnd. done in fifty centuries. ' We have /new maqhines, new, prbqesses«-'of iridufltry, better' houses," quicker lbcoffiotibff, arid larger facilii ties for the interchange - of.- 1 thought than were ever dreamed' of by - our fatliers . ;nnd mothers. We have subdued to pur. uses steam,'"' gas, elec tricity, the spectrum,, arid, tho modern telescope and microscope. Every month ivo nrb startled by some fresh discovery or some novel application. The scien tific ' text' -"books of ; our ymitli: are /useless.- inovf.upIn twelve years all the-seientifio atticlea(.of,,the-.effcyolo- pcpdiq.liave ta ho written again! .Through the "wnblb range' of natttral ' science and1 its uses" we'-' have, been changing to an extent and with a'-. Breed "/that makes, ,tlio head giddy, and . the .heart. .faint,, and what' we took to'he the fUld of knowledge' seemk little better than a region of quicksand!/: The -change has been -indeed'So ;great„ that w.e can hardly realise the conditions of life half a century ago. But now, ! oak, lias there been .a , corresponding rapidity bf -ohange iri the' world of mind? cWlint - new discoveries have we mudb'iin philosophy What 1 old iseerets. have t,we resolved in the higher life of mnn?1 Ilow much nearer are we to tno solution or tno mental propiems wmcn have taxed , tho powers of reason for "four ' thousand years? What new light bavo1 we- thrown on tho mystery of conscience, or tho. theory nnd practice of mofnls ? Wlmt new lines have we laid" down to, make the; course of life truer, nobler, better, more beautiful, than the pld lines of. bur fathers ? I 'Aro iriot. many of us under tho-spell.of an illusion iin .this matter, arid altogether /wrong in measuring. tlib clmnges of mental Science by those: of, physical science? , I'thiiik we'are, and that tlie hopes nf nbme' iind-tlie fears of others, about what .thoy call the advanced thinking of our times, liavb -fffrMess 'td support ".them (than wo some- timesLanoyi cnr-T li;!!.;1 --iU i;u: : Let us, try, and look nt this . element of ohango'as it has nlFected bur religious' and' ebbleeiiutical position. '(There is a - vagile notion, both "ibithin1 and '"without ffttr ''doriPminntiori,1' tlmt :we': lihVo i -very 1 seriously departed,, both! from n the;, theology; , and 1 the.ipolity of fiftyyoars ago. , . Vou cannotjallay.it by saying that we aro not bound by .the. creed ..of our" fathe'ra. "It ia more to the point if ive can'- show, .that it is the. very genius of our nystem to' be! rigid'iri- principle's, ''but flexible in. forms, to hold firmly to i the ,divine,nbiit ' loosely 'to the linman.- .: In.tbe one ,wo:are not conscious of change, in the other we admit that our. ways are very-different.frpmwliat .tiioi; used, to be. Xt"i8,weU kiiown that, as "liiriorig Evangelical Fi'otestairte; there is nothing distinctive, in onr theology. We preach the ' same : doctrines sis - aro .commonly- set/forth; by'our brethreniih' other/churches; and", we exchange pulpits inimutual confidence and fraternal respect. But we recognise in theology two very different elements ; one .by which -we are . hound, the other in .whioh.we are free. Perhaps if there is anything to mark' ris off from/others, it. is that we " distinguish them iriore Sharply than other donomiriiitions: There isthe Divine Faith, and there is the human philosophy, which tries ;to,tell ''tlib reason why," and, to, assign, each article of Faith to its proper , place in" it system of thought." In nearly, all the. formal corifessions of the churches theso ! elements tire' woven /inextricably together, : 'and tlio sinrie assent and consent is demanded, fer .botb. I suppose we may take the Declaration of s Faith qnu order .that used to; be - appended ; to oiir offiqiql year boolts'as ii fair re'presontatio'n of what was 'commonly lipid by .Congregational Churches half .a century ago. " Triie," it does riot profess to impose or define our; creed, but only to indicate its scope," and you can.see; that i'even ' there Hlie , /Divine iFaith. iSi-pvesented to us in a setting Of human philosophy.. ...Our .fathers thought a great deal more of what are called systems of divinity than we ;do. The controversies which raged about their points of divinity are dead and 'silent now, not because they solved tlie problem at issue, but because wo feci that their solution ..is beyond the limits of human capacity, and bejongs to the region of specula- ; of1 ifaitlii litBiih ribt/iri mari'' to"; construct, :a com- . plete lisystetn. of -.the, qyayo ,,of i(.Gqd;j/'and, ' qs the r.heavens . are, higher than", the"' earth," ' so, lire Hie; ivqys ' higher ".Jhan our ways',1.' and His/'tbbu'Shts'thah our ' thought's., .''Tlibse "'scliem'ea'ffut imtoo much,11 and loft "out too mueli ; theylaid downiinaffy doubtfuljpreposi- .tions, 'ami drew; large icbuclusions from very sinall pre- ! mises ; theyjtook -tpq littio account of proportion and ;pcfspeetive/and (Orba'ted agiiniiny difficulties 'as tliey attempted to" expUin.4 lBuildiug upbn'th'e oni fdun, ilalion, ,,tho. , authors reared a composite structure, not without its gold! and ' bilver and precious maihlos, but also /with not a.little of. 'wood, hay, stubble. " In nil thia ffiriman element of -th'e tbo'blogy of our fathots we are indeed greatly ohanged, but it is a change that haa'not exposed us to. the temptation of paltering with the wnids'.qfia confession by which ive are bound, but in wbioli wb baye; ceased to belioye. We have not to Btrain our conscience by putting into propositions q moariing thoy were never designed to express, ior tq reconoile tlio plain /affirmation of an- artiele with pa utter denial of its truth. Wo are glad, and not sprry, that we can make, and have made, so great q change ill the human element of our theology, and yet oan challenge the whble world to impeach .our /integrity. " And, now, -as to what is- properly our-faith.-..For..us, as for .our fathers, the Biblo is the Word of God, the reebi-d,' arid the only record ixtqnt, lof: a. series! of reve lations/Which Ho -lias been plcased.to.piake/to: man- revelations in large measure of;tnith wlffchlirian coqlil never have diseovered for himself, culminating ,iq the exliibltiori of our Lord arid Saviour. Jesns ' Christ, and the grace of His'aalvatlon;- 1 i We. hold, these, writings. to be of special dignity nnd authority, sacred as no .other writings,, are, different in kind as well as in measure from .-ill other bonks tliiit liavo " been "held to -co'miriunicate the'will'of- Gotl' to- man." --There is no (jueBtion-witli iib'.ns "to the'divineiiauthority (Of the Bible, arid upon its teaching our religions., faith. .is based. .But perhapB. our human, theory of the nature ,and extent.of its'jffspiratiim' Ts'; not1 'exactly ' the 'same as thiVwliicli prevailed' ainong uh fifty years ago. We do not put'the sam'e value upon every book or upon every proscription o'f: the Old innd/New (Testaments. i;Thb iBbok of- ;Goi\cqis is not as thp..GoBpel of, -St. John, per thb .Spng. pf; Solomon as the Epistle ,to. the Romans. Wo reebgniso; i.tlie, prpgfessive'""charnetbr of 'God's revelations of truth'; 'arid' the progressive1 exhibition of His requirements1 'of 'duty.1'1.' We1 see that'there is large accommodation; to the capiicity .of. different ages. to.. re- -eeivo a revelation. We seo'the human; element jn the structure and composition of these writings, and -,hold,tliat;the,dqBign,.of the, .whole js.not, to teqph "Ud imiysrsiil .truth, but.1 'specifically religioqb truth. It 'dries not "disturb riB that "oil what is outside religion the Bible speakB aecordirig;to tho imperfect soibnoe. of tho time, arid that its/astronomy and 'geology.' and natural history are not thoso of the nineteenth century after Christ. . Wo do not care iii tlib leii'at about' "reconciling . seionop , qnd( qripture. ; .-. No doubt , wo .are changed ||i ipany of oijr coiipeptions na to' what, the SBible io, J but £ hope wo are.. pot ohqngbdl iu 'oiir Wl'eferioo for. ito ehnraotor, onr coil fidon'cc-'iri-its 'teaching, or our Bub- missiouito its autliority.u jEiipT usfiqai for, "(our, fathers, the supreme interest of the Biblo -.is its /testimony- - to the Lord Jesus .Christ,/ flip'. 'testimony of prepara- tiqn. qnd prophqcy'iin '/thb'/Old Tes'tamentJ tho testimony1 of 'exhibitibh arid1 exposition in the New. Not less tlmn onr fathers do ive hold1 that Jesus Christ islqur life, the. kvery;ce'ntre/of all : our, ifuithqand the autlior of all our snfvation, Wqhelioye in II i ip as fli9 cJo£e bf .Q,4. n"d.thq lbvb bf man," Ho is our 'prophet, ouy liriest, ourjeing? Ho , died for 'oin- 'sills, arid/rose again for our j us tifi catioll;'. 1H0 is paved into : tbe heavens, but by His spirit he still dwells in and with His people, uud.)He.((Will,>como;agqin-.to beitlie judge both of quick and of dead, whose kingdom shall have 1 no end/ : All - this and; muclr niore wo1 firmly hold, though tho forms in which- we express onr faith, thq reasrins by which wo justify it, tlio arguments" with which wo urge if," cind' the thqorjcs tjiufc q'O may connect ;with.jt, are somewhat diifure'nt froiq tl|03e which pre- vnilo/l ('fiftv ybars/'ago.- 'Tknqiv' 'thqt 'imp 'may liilll 'exceptions' 'ib'fthis 'reprbsentitioii, evoii! among tlib Onngregntionnl Cliurelies, brit I rim I bnid I to ,'wiy that they are exceptions, qud no system of polity is seoure from tlieir occurrence. "Ilbrb and there you may find ff man whose 'teaoliirig aboiit'Cliriit, uri'd His solvation is painfully inadequate and perilous! low. There and then you1 ' will 1 find 'a'- ministcr'-iwhose' eilences and evasions - offer - very ; good- grounds for: suspicion. But speaking broadly,' I dare to affirm that tlio heart of our ministry is sound, and whatever changes have come over tho.hu man and speculative side/oft our; theology, wo are still true to tlio bvnugolical faitli oa it was held hy our fatlieis half (ileeiitury ago! .Leaving the ques. tion of our fliopl/igy,Tet ris iiniv'tiirn to our jiolitj', and risk hnvo wo changed in" that ? ' Here, again, 1 must remind yoli oftlie distinctinn'ibotwabii principles -and 'forms. Rigid i;» principles, Ijexiblo in > forms, is still the idoal tliat we sot before 11s. I think it .will be con- coded by nll wlio know ns. tliat in praotiep. lis well as ptofessiori wb iirb Christians iu'st aiul null' Cluirchmen nftbrivnrds.'1(Aiijl iri truth most/1 of 'oiir hretlireii of -other denominations couid say the snnio.-— When called to act together. wo do not feel that there is-nny, strain upon our charity,1 'nor 'does' it' occur to us tliat there ,is any iiuecssity to make apologies for our fraternisa tio'iis. ' Wlibrb ji mail Idiiea ftliat, /yoiiTuiiy be pretty Buro thut coiiBoiously or imconsciously ho is putting his spacinl forms above tbe common faith;1 Ave have no call to lun' a-muokjon other; syatoins of Church Go vernment, tliouglL we prefer our own, and frankly givo .our reasons for the preference. We are recognised \- by all parties as mong the foremost champions of reli gious and civil liberty. In more than one crisis of English history it is admitted that we kept the conscience of tho nation and saved its freedom. No doubt we have had our excesses, and by theory we ought frequently to pass over from liberty into license. It might be so, in fact, if we were not evermore restrained by the principle, that with all our freedom we are "under law to Christ." That principle saves us, and as long as we hold it, it should calm the fears of the most timid, but for our present purpose it is enough to declare our principles without attempting to defend them. We repudiate and pro test against all exercise of physical power in the realm of spiritual' things, and admit of no forces - in this domain but those of moral persuasion. We claim the right of any local congregation of Christian believers to constitute itself a Church— appointing its own officers, receiving its own members; and administrating its own "affairs nnder law to, Christ— and we assert that such a fellowship has all the necessary functions of a Church ; and that nil its ministrations are valid and effectual for /ii Wn tnfYinf.fYin n.l«rt f.lmfe AVflPV Church so constituted is not to, bo subjected and over ridden by the authority of any corporation extraneous to itself. -There .ore principles that we have held at great disadvantage, and through much obloquy and suf fering. They have been assailed from every, quarter, and with every kind of weapon that hostility could devise ; but still we hold them without bitterness, and without misgiving. We are not in the looBt ashamed nf them. Already .to a large oxtent they hoveheen actually, if-- not formally; accepted, by : those .; who are without' the pale "of our congregational polity. We think that they are in'harmony.with the genius of the time, and that tliey. afford : the best guarantee, for tho ' freedom and pence; both 'of ' Oh'uroh: and'State. Through the vast confederation of tbo American States, ; through the Dominion of Oanndn,: the government of Ireland, and tbo colonies of .the British, Empire, the; Churchds'afo now left to their 6wn' resources', and the ; exercise of the civil power for or against nny form ! of faith or pdlity >;ha3 I'b'een : formally abandoned, i But for the immense! complication of . vested 'interests j in the old country, there con he little donbt that there I also the principle;,would ,by this timo.have been ein-j bodied in law,' nrjd 'on all' hands it' is: admitted, tliat I such nndssue-ciinriot'ldng be deferred; In tbo' van of "all this movement ,.\ve. Independents, have steadily! held our plaee', and Wo may be' fairly credited with noi small share in the victory. "Even here in this colony ' it . was ours to; head the fight for religious liberty, audi though we purchased the freedom oftho Churches at a greater cost than we think we -ought to have paid, wol sire quite content witli the issue. We are not at all! dona of talking abont onr Olrarob; arid nof onco'iri al year;dowe speak from the pnlpit:upon the Stripturalj character, ;.or,the. legitimate . .status, or the practical .expediency of_ our' congr'egatidrial polity If or do we' "!let ittoucnour coim'raoil'wo'rk of preaching" the Gospel, 'nor still less are 'we given to exalt it; by disparaging the church order nnd discipline , preferred by- our .neigh bours— still we hold pur principles steadily, and eyeii ''jealously; for ourselves, and. so far' from"iallirig iilt'o laxityor indifference' about 'them, - I tliink 'that'the change rif fifty. years has been rather in the direction of; . intensity, and that we. were - never Jess disposed than; ..now,, to merge our independent, church, jjfe into.nqy system of central administration; or to hamper, it, by calling in. the aid of, the secular power. ' I qui Sri ho; -mood for' 'boasting, and -trust that' sncli fi spirit' will' shave no place- bunny of our .meetings, but I' appeal' to' those without and those within our ..denomination .whether, or npt.we.liavp. been: faithful, jto our, eeclesi-j 'astictil principle's; ' We are conscious of no change . in' them from the position which our fathers 'lieldjialra! century ago. - 'i,: : !!"1! _ " "As tO'the"forms:'and.methodsipf our church life, "we ace indeed greatly altered: 1 The old traditions of per-, seentiun, which prompted "us to hide our .meeting hoasesiimobsoure, corners, ':and:made.'theih ah ugly" -arid cheerless as/Jrriclci and -mortar, could, compass, have fiassod aw'iiy, arid the ungenerous reproach of those whrf orced us into pglinpss. ahd obscurity now takes the form of a sneer at our ' small attempts to, ape the , anajestyiaud stateliness of Gothic architecture: : Wo'do . it . poorly enough, ;.no doubt, but. still . the, sense of- -beauty,. and the. fitness of things has, grown nipon! us,' And' the' contrast ' between ' the "dingy1 conventicles' where onr fathers worshipped, with .no beauty/except -rthe 'beauty 'of holinessi' arid- tlie 'structures' that ,wo -,mow rearion every aide, marks it change -'in sentiment; j jOs ,w.ell as in, circumstanceji; Wo xray.imore attention -to thejo'rms in' which. we';eipress.our,rv;'orsliip than-, we' used 'to, do, and,' though', ori "the .score.iof .outward seemliiiess'aria reverence ' wo' havo still' somotiiirig to' learn,' WO 'are not so dftreless as Vve'oneo wore. Abating jurthingifationr estimate bftlie'.impnrtarico of- pYeach-1 . -iugi .wetake more pains with tlie; devotional 'part -'b£ , our worship. . r In , our, songs,, of .praisev.we nri longed think it becoming to "strain celestial themes" through the press'd nostril, speetneles hestrid."' Many of us . not only Bibgithe'mettical'hymits of uninspired men.? hut we chant the Songs of-'Ziorri in tlie grand' 'old !, words of Holy Sprrpturp., ,-iWe are not so timid about .w® our. service 4,«oft yml'als and sound of .corodfc/nnd tlieoweefcilinU of David's harp, by. whioV ilie voice of praweviw fiiistaihed lit tlio ancient courts' r.'.of tai6£02Sple« if.(_NVo blend our shouts 'with the oraau'd peal, and our softer notes:; with"'' its- wliwrier-! jng— melody. — We do- not make admission into the church sucha / terrible. ordeal as our fathers' thought necessary, or„_exact from neophytes a v9.r narrative and , analysis n 'of the-'raner' sanctities -of their, personal , eiprinence.i Still less do-wa gntnly.'put them tliroiigh their doc-1 cnnnl facings and test their- soundness at every point; of theology. We jdo , look for Christian living : we o demand Christian .faith ; we expect the distinct' 8-confessiomr ofnloyalupurpose ; > but' we, 'abstain "froW -.spiritual Vivisection,,' nnd.refer the question ' of lidmisJ ' vi?n .'.2. - 1f1,5r1.'2nd , judgment" of tho, -'assembled Church,- 1' ormnl thfTerenco among ub ,on these points are not ia question of .principle ; ..whether our buildings' at all !;whetlier .itlioy have, steeples- or plain roofs/pulpits' or pliriorriri ;! bwhettier .XVe ministerrin vestments ror common clothes ; whether we use instrumental' aids) or confine- 'ourselves to the majesty of the human voice wlici her wo have liturgical .forms or;, spontaneous urdncesj Avritten sermons. 'or 'spoken sermons r.or ..whether- we exaot a forni'jil experience oii od miRHion to1 fellowship, ;orask only 'a Ghvistiari life ancV th'e confosi . , sion of. personal faith in ChriBfc and submission Hi t+WOuingsare not principles, but forms.;;th'at' throne we should bo. rigid, that in the other wo should be flexible, is the very, character. at,,whioh wo! i aunt', lu'cne-one we are still where wo were fifty years agpii..ip.wth6other>Kve-' have1 clmhgod1!to aii extent that we foelvito'.bo very ; great,r"and ' that' ;no temptation -,:to excuse j;or/f'denyJ 1 But deeper Jthan oil: thew questions of thqolpey/fitd church'goverriment there , is the question of personal Vjective religion. V.'AVhat about the tone and , deptkof ourlimodern piety? -- Has1' that clmnged 'from /j.g»at.it wnsi.fiftyyear8.ago? may. ask 'tho question; j hjateannot aii pare not profess, to;.rinswer it.'-'' May'dfc pe that what wo have gained; in-, surface wo haveiilQst 'and chenihed'-ftn/awfnl reverence' for liisVwil, and wiiatever olstfthoy (doUedJthey had fhht'senso of 'cliity f ) autl robustness; oc» conacieuco' that'1 nro ;t li'ecess.iry ..pisiaents .9 f, all , (t ruo . m nnhoocl., ,-Aro nve.'sofher, -more sentimental, more pliable, morojworldly ? be said on botli sides ; nnd(,I kiiow that when our eyes grow dim and the illusions' of ago nre upon ( lie, we are n o ver-readyi-to .Say that'" the forrner dnYs were better j'than. tliese.frij eyerthcless/ brethveh, X commend, : the .QStion to your serious thdught'/janddQtunot' iny iin n pronounce ar judgmentxtalce anything -'frpin Our senso'of its sblemnify;' Wo speak pf- it. with batd breath, and some misgiving — Maytlio good Bord 7,hayo mjercy/uport usjiaridHvalceh'upUy rHis'Snirit, npr i,liig)ie.r>naturp>lA.iidif let us'feird un'tliot'loihs bf'6ur iil,'Afid;watl)t jji : ./noi I'-Xi ? » pooingihHclLthe/past.rj.HoWjmuelifiWO-havc .to bo thankful for, 'liow little fcp.bonst.ofii r.How broke ri ourBervice, bowpoorour p'brformancQl'Bufc'ourgriicioiis Master has been patient with us, '/blessihg'our honest . '.ciforts) far .beyond .theirdesert, - and- bearing our faults with a gentleness thatr,tbe.idulleflfcih,rearts.might'feel lay His love still abido with usHjs morey enepmpasfj us, HisRpirit inspire us, and , His power, preseryo us faithful fcp the end/C : 4 itK- j poivji.fo.tlio work that is, before us. Let mo fndicate in few" words1' what-F tiikot'o bo the points of danger against ryhjch we havo speeially to keep guard; As to our.ririnriplea of.politjvwomristhe.Vieiinnt and take care that there shiilLhe no revival nf State-aid to religion .under other.- forms .and by other clinunels than the direct subsidy of churches; '..TVe must, not-let 1-tho' jiiiblib Tiinds' tliat aro' devoted ' to education he " tappcd.iand' drained off-to the rises Jof !ririy.'derioriiinn| tion, arid wo must put moro oncrey and intelligoncq jllto the teaching of onr Sundny sclipuhL/ifBut passing . over nljtjiis, .there nre-.tepdeneiesfp/.j'niintlier kind ' that dbmarid 'riiir''seri6iis';cbri8i(le,rfttioii, Tri spito'.of all the glare and glitter that plaj-s bri' tile fabe of ino'defn Bocioty, the world at- heart Is very 'sidle nrid'vbiy sifdJ <;Ii?ia. tlvtuitindjwayffi.it; tribslwith jnuntyiiiir torlissij ' pate the sense of sin, yet cannot dharm. MYay thnhardj dull pain,, within, , We.prpfpss to have/oiinditlip world's Healer,' ' and tf> exhlhit in "our lives spjrip. ipensirre;inf tlip npwBf of His oalystion. ' T iis'suirie tliat 'to'Bct fortdi Christ Ds tlm trtiriiiriviorir of lrieri'js'oiif great o'liriceni.j and how heat to do It our serinuB n't'iidyv- -But therp nrp wayBeven of prenoliing PhviBt tlifit will. only land us in disaster. There is the' way of scppllalsm,-:the way.fnf superstition, and the ,way of soil tiitiohtallshi. ,'Seepti-! clsiriVbf b'burse,' 'is ii tHing'of various qiinlifie's lirid degrepsj pnd piny refer to many different objects.' !'Tt reqiiireq j no little wisdom to deal with improperly .-.i Sometimes it Is profoundly tlinnghtfnl and morally earnest,' more often It 1b pitifully, shallow, and morally flighty. Some times it cmlira'oe's all veligibn',' sniiietiniesit' touches only parrs.or ine (jiirisr-mn scneme. j uerc .are iorms pi riouoij nnd denial thatican'h'ettcr be bbirib'atdd'elsewliero than from tlio pnlpit. As Mr. -Dale has isaid.'d'-Tf wo buri selves wore equal to tlijsaef j- intricate andt bxliniistingj isousaions our congregations would hdvo neitlipfjhpqrt npr strength fo listen to tliem.'' Our pcoplb eopio to us weary with work pnd worn , with 'sorrow; distrnnted with tiro enros of business, ''anxibus' ahbut '.their 'cliil-! dren, monnring for their doad;"i'Just:Bo':;.'nTid itjs not scoptieism in this large' scnso' dealing, ! ,witli .'profound ..iqupstipns which lie at- the, hack, of all ireliqion,, that I nnV;'rbfer to.'" It 'is'speeificiUIy, jlie Scepticism'' whieli "!i;hlnks 'to'comm'erid JeBtis 'Christ to: acceptance by re| duping tlio supernatural elements of 'His-'person, His hiatpry, His elttims, and His' furiotionsi-'-It '.'ist ngaijist preaching Him ns.Tesus only.anilnot nlso.ns tho Gliript it that I wp|i|il raisQ.tliay.pipo of.wnrnliig. Time wnswhon ' l|i'p"Diyinhl3idp bf. tlio' Saviour's life" wag sp bxelrisively dwelt ri'pbri1 tlirit'mbri,,ribariy1lnst all spiise of His true humanity, nnd now in- the'- reaction ' tlie# is' jo'me h-dpogpr lostwoisliould-go to:.tbe bppbsite oxtremeih We may say very beautiful hut inadoquato -.tliings ahniit the Saviour, hut they will.not , touch/men; in, .their , deenost wants. Such soepflo'al prenoldrigywin, never "brenki'th'e 'henrt 'of sin; 'or lift riVeriiup'liitb thoTiglif and joy of Christ's salvation. , j Jesus Christ inay.ho proaolibd in the -way. nff shper- Btitiori;l'r'Me'n,may nsBipne to be.- intermediaries be; tiveon tbo Saviour and tlio soul, nnd tie down the grace of God to tli'elr 'bwn'ehnrinelslaiuVndminlstrationb. Of all men, wo Congrbgritiorinlb' rirb'hburid ;tb set onr face likp a flint against tlieso assumptions. Of obiirse, I nm gppaking of principles anil not-, of- tlio persons who fionoBtly, though, as wo think, mistakenly, hold them. The sacerdotal theory of the Christian minisfry lias made great strides within t|io Inst fqw yeoi'g,'nud tlio mbst' of 'tlib 'Christian ' psnpla are playip with it, all unconscious of its true oluirabtev aiid tendency. Many who would resont tlio domination of a priest hood. are very illogical 111 doing so. . Tlio whole basis of tlio theory is certain assumptions about tlio Supper of Commemoration which tlio Saviour instituted on that night when ha was' liotrnyod. If it ho true that there is an exclusive order of men, who, whenever ? they choose to recite certain words, can command the \ omnipotence of heaven pnd turn tha elements of bread i ffi inform thbm'.with'Hia roal preaenoe ; if this be true; \ then t fnjjgmi Jhe' nrpir IijBtn»wnl8lly'.,hav® power to do this tremendous tiling have a right to demand our cntiro obedience. Abject submission to the clergy is then our duty,' nnd the only way of sanity and safoty. With the sacramental theory the priestly theory stands or falls, aud the question it iqvolves is tlio whole qriestion of Christian froedom or -bondage. We can ho on no terms with ' such ' pretensions. -Tlio danger is rising all around us, and wo are hut living iu a fool's paradiso if we fancy that it does not touch the interests of our own communities, or even of society at large.,. i.-.-ii .Lastly," .'.Christ riiiiy ho preached, nay,' is being preached mora, arid rribre, iiv the way of sentiirientalism, and this is a dringer that comes very near to ourselves. It mav he'veryirefiried'.or . very coarse., ; Sentiment is the noblest and Strongest thing in ,, the world ;.senti- mentalism tlio weakest arid .most' weakening, tlio 'most superficial nnd spuribiis bf allhumnn excitements. Senti ment is emotion tiiat lends to action': sentimcritnlism is the flutter of surface feeling that leads to nothing,- hut ends in itself. I believe with Dr. Allon and Air. Dale that it is sannimrall our manliriesb. and I L-reatl V fear' its growth. If you want an illustration bf what I mean, look at the sentimental jingle of a whole class of hymns that have lately become popular among us. HLook at the familiar fondling, terms of, endearment with which men spenk of the Lord Jesus Christ,, as. tliey would not dare to.speak to tli'oir most intimate friends. The nam'e'bf Jesus is a' name to "irliich every lcriee should how.' It 'is a name' of dignity' so 'nugri/it that the Apostlo tells ns that things in heaven: arid things on earth and thiugsjunder the,bar.th: ciimhinoito do it liomagorrglti shocks our reference to vead in sentence after Beritence.'.dear Jesus, ssveet Jesrib; precious Jesus, brother Jbsnsj'arid'everiMarling Jeshli; rind the whole tone'- bf feeling 'isjin 'accordanco witli ' these' maudlin yMthenL" ,Is: thiB the name which: God hath exalted above5'dverylnamo?- -Is: this, thought toibe specially evongeHenl?! I.The meu who, wrote the Hew, Testament loved- their ,Lprd witli a poisionof devbti'bri at least as strong as burs; hut whoro cari you find tho shndow of a precedent for nil tliisfoblish; fbridling 'grisli 1 "It is emphatically a prenehing of Christ after tho llesh anil : to the ilesli. The' truth is that the.sensnous exhibition , of tlia Saviour can, only, tbuoh our Benftious nature. It i is tho lnnrnl element in ourlibrd'saffectiori that innst i touch our hearts to riny moral pin-pp'sel", The' riioral j aspects of the lovo of Christ, which' make It such an ; awful thing, want to tie lifted up nnd pressed on men's attentibn-the moral extremity .whichcalledit forth, the i moral response .which we are ,bound to gi ve. There is ! no othentest pf,;tlip . love! which Christ, demands than j 'tlie,itest'..bf' phb'dibripe. They hre'His 'own words, j Bfe'tliat lovefh' Me keepetli My .comiriaTidmen ts." j '-'DeKr'Brelhreri;--! have' spoken 'orit tiiy mind, and I iknowithnt you i would have it ' so, whether you can) agree with all that your chairman says or. npt. I thank j you for your patience. Let mo oloso this address with ,a: single word.., The, timb is short. Our course js; 'rienrly riiriV Ndt'm'ririy of 'ris vvill li'vij' to bee the cen-j tenary of: oiir chilrches.i:; Our' hearts will be dust;j our names will be forgotten. Yet haply some ono in \- that' future time muy susrcli.tha records of ;the past, , nndanay say of us. as awliolethatwo jaboureel well. I3e tlidt rib it' may,' it Is'iriy eambst/prayer for myself nnd for you tnateacn at last may near' tne' welcome tor which it is w.ortli white to dare 'and: to die— "-"Well done gbodi:rind:;'faithful''servont thouphristjhoen faithful in a few things '.enter;-. thou, 'into,. thepjoy of thy Lord." The address was listened 'to'with.ript-rittention, land-eiioited hearty applause, maiiy. times repeated. '. ) After; the' elosiuhyiriri spme no'flpps. wei'b 'given ' by 'tlio ' Secretary,' arid the CnAlRMfri''offercd'prayer 'aridproribririced the'Eenedibtibn.' ' 