? S.S.COT< p.xi— T1 e following are the passengers booked for London per the Orient steamer Ooiopaxi, wlich leaves to-day: — Captain Tempest, and Messrs. R. A. Ferguson and Chambers, in the salocn. DE YOTJI G'S INSOLVINJT. — The hearing of counsels' sj etches in De Young'd case has been adjourned till Friday, December 10. WALLAEOO SUNDAY-SCEODI. UNION.—A public eiitertainment, corn i (ting of exhibition of dis- Eolving viewp, was given in the Institute Sail, Wallaroo, on Wednesday evening, 17th inst. The attendance was large. The first part consisted of several Scripture views, most of which were well shown; then followed tbe interesting history of " Cinderella and the Glass Slipper;" " The Soldier's Dream" was next shown, at the close of which a number of comic views were exhibited, te the great amtisement of the children. The views were shown by Messrs. J. Malcolm, J.P., and W. Phillips, the former gentleman acted as lecturer for the occasion, explaining tbe pictures. During the evening some appropriate hymns were sung by a united choir under the leadership of Messrs. T. Davies, J.P., and T. Evans. Miss Cropley ably presided at the harmonium. The proceeds were in [aid of the funds of the Union. I.O.G.T.—On Thursday evening, November 18, an entertainment on behalf of the Distress Relief Fund concected with the Thistle Lodge, No. 14, took place in the Congregational Schoolroom, Hindmanh. The Mayor of Hindmarsh (Mr. Josiah Mitton, J.P.) presided, supported by G.W.C.T.Stephens and G.W.O. Tozler. A capital programme was carried out, consisting of solos, duets, glees, and recitations, contributed by Misses Hamenen, Pearson (2), Mes<rs. Reynolds, Lowe, W. S. Gnnn, Pearson, Willis, and others. A magical performance by Professor Evans (a late arrival from England) was highly appreciated and applauded. G.W.C.T. Stephens gave a short and lively address on the temperance question, and observed that since Mr. Matthew Burnett's crusade the general public had been led to look into the question and support the aim they had in view— viz., the making of happy homes. The Chairman observed that now that local option with respect to public-houses opening on Sunday rested with the ratepayers, he hoped they would use the privilege they enjoyed. NORWOOD MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—A public meeting of the electors of Kensington and Norwood is to be held at the Town Hall, Norwood, this evening to consider the question of the election of Mayor for the ensuing year. ST. NABY'S, SOT;TH- BOAJ>. — The second quarterly afternoon service at this Church will be he'd to-morrow afternoon. Tho organist and choir cf St. Paul'a, Adelaide, will assist in the service. LADY JEBVOIS'S RLCEPTIO>*S.—Lady Jervois will receive visitors at Government House on Tuesday afternoon between the hours of 3 and 5. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.—On Friday His Excellency held an Executive Council, at which the Treasurer and Attorney-General were present The Commissioner of Crown Lands was appointed Acting - Chief Secretary during the absence of Mr. Morgan. LADY JEBVOIS.—Among the passengers per Cotopaxi, which arrived from Melbourne on Friday, was Lady Jervois, who has returned from her trip to the other colonies. His EXCELLENCY'S AIDE-DE-OAMP.—Mr. S. C. Snow, who returned to Adelaide yesterday in the Cotopaxi, has assumed the duties of Aidede-Oamp to His Excellency the Governor. SRPHFME COURT CIVIL SITTINGS. — His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut continued the Civil Sittings on Friday, November 19, when the cause of Baragwanath v. Flynn was adjourned till the next Civil Sittings, and in the trespass action of Brown v. King a verdict was found for the plaintiff. The Court will sit again next Thursday at 10 o'clock. VOLTFNTEEB ITEMS.—Privates G. W. Measday and A. Walker have been appointed lancecorporals in E Company, Adelaide Rifles. It has been intimated in General Orders that all recruits who have not yet fired with ball cartridge are to go to Dry Creek on Saturday, November 27, for target practice, and they are to muster outside the Railway Station at 1.50 p.m., under tbe captain and subaltern of the week. THE BOEDER DUTIES CONFERENCE. — The Treasurer and Mr. Fowler leave Adelaide on Tuesday, en route for Melbourne, to attend the Intercolonial Conference. They will proceed overland to Victor Harbour, where they will be met by tbe Governor Musgrave, which will take them to Portland, whence they will go on by special train to Melbourne. MB. D. GAUNSON AND THE CONVICT KELLY.— The following is the petition which was prepared at Ballarat for presentation to the Parliament of Victoria in reference to Mr. Gaunson's conduct in connection with the Kelly reprieve agitation :—" 1. That they (the residents of Ballarat) have observed with the deepest grief the position into which the colony has been placed in connection with the sentence of the late Edward Kelly by the action of one of your responsible officers, namely, the hon. member for Ararat, your present Chairman of Committees. 2\. They would not condemn but commend every effort put forth by the hon. member for the purpose of obtaining either the acquittal or reprieve of his client so long as such efforts were kept within legitimate bounds; but they submit to your honourable House that it is simply scandalous that he should call public meetings and lay before fuch meetings garbled and one-sided statements, all of which are calculated to intensify the hatred of the criminal class towards the police, and to bring the law into contempt. We would specially direct the attention of your honourable House ts the fact that after Kelly had laid his fiendish plot to wreck a train, and iu cold blood sacrifice the lives of a number of men who were simply in the execution of their duty, and after Mr. Curnow bad nobly risked his,life to save the train, your Chairman is not ashamed or afraid to repeat the infamous falsehood of Edward Kelly, ' that he had sent Mr. Curnow to stop the train.' Thus your Chairman endeavours, by repeating the criminal's falsehoods, to arouse sympathy in the minds of tbe unthinking, and to still further deprave the minds of the criminal classes amongst us. 3. The only apology that we have seen offered for your Chairman's conduct is in effect that he is endeavouring to make capital out of this sgitation for his own profit, although be has no sympathy with crime. . We accept this view, and urge that conduct influenced by such motives is debasing to himself and the community, and is bringing a deep reproach upon the colony. At the very time that we have amongst us a host of the most intelligent men from all civilized nations, the colony is disgraced by meetings of the very scum of Melbourne, and by an agitation, sustained by your Ohairmav, that is a blot upon our national character, and an insult to the fair fame of this colony. We therefore beg your honourable House to vindicate its own good name by removing your Chairman from his office.—We are," &c.; MBS. BAEYEBTZ.—This lady held another of her special services on Friday evening In the Flinders-street Baptist Chapel, which was well filled. The discourse was based upon those portions of Mark x. which record the story of the young ruler and of the blind man at the gate of Jericho. Mrs. Baeyertz said the young ruler's idea of Christ was that He was a good teacher, who would help him to do something to save himself. It was sometimes urged now that Christ was a good man. When she formerly clung to her ancient creed she had never been so impious as to think that of Christ, for He could not be a good man and yet only a man. He was either a fanatic, an impostor, or the Son of God. She used to think Him a madman, and she believed that was the most charitable thought she could entertain with her then convictions. As the young ruler wanted something to do Christ bade him keep the law, and none could do that. They might ask why then was the law given if none could be saved by it. The answer was, to show how evil man had become, just as a mason used a plumb- line to show the perpendicularity or otherwise of the wall. A mirror did not clean one's face but it would show the dirt on it. Many tried to keep this external law, but all their excellencies of disposition would not save them apart from Christ. Some grieved away the Holy Ghost, and then could not believe. She could tell them ef instances of such that had been met with in the work of Moody and other evangelists. Mrs. Baeyertz then dwelt upon the other story of the blind beggar at the gate of Jericho. After the service nearly a hundred persons remained for prayer, and about forty others stayed as enquirers. Mrs. Baeyertz has a sweet though somewhat plaintive voice, and during her appeals she created such an effect that many strong men in the audience were moved to tears. She mixes anecdote and appeal freely with her expositions, and her addresses are of a character likely to attract the masses and to arrest their attention. THE FINANCE COMMISSION.—Advantage was taken of the presence of Mr. J. Fitzgerald, O.M.G, the Auditor-General of New Zealand, who is in Adelaide on a visit, to examine him before the Finance Commission, who held a special meeting on Friday for that purpose. Mr. Fitzgerald is travelling to the various colonies witb the object of gathering information respecting their financial and audit arrangements, and having already visited Victoria and New South Wales, was able to give valuable evidence with regard to those colonies^ as well as the one with which he is intimately connected. THE LOTTERY SWINDLE. — The Arys of November 16 says:—"With refjrecca to an advertisement which recently appeared in a newspaper in Adelaide, setting out the prospectus of a scheme entitled ' The Hamburg State Lottery,' and intimating that a man named Hirsch was empowered to receive money and issue tickets, it now appears that the agency has been abandoned. Mr. Hirscb, it is said, had no authority to act on behalf of the promoters of the lottery, and in consequence of the representations made he has returned the money subscribed in the colonies. There is now at the Melbourne detective office a sum of money awaiting claimants, but as it is supposed that the amount is not sufficient to cover all the money subscribed in Melbourne, any persons who forwarded subscriptions are requested to communicate with the department." BAZAAR. — The annual bazaar in aid of the funds of the North Adelaide Baptist Church was opened in the schoolroom, Tynte-street, en Thursday November 18, and was continued during the following day. The collection of goods, though not so large as is found at most gatherings of this nature, was still as choice and tasteful as could be desired. The ladies as usual had done the major part of the work, and the goods shown by them were characteristic of the good taste of their sex. It is not to be wondered, therefore, that there was a ready sale for the articles during the whole of the time the bazaar was open, so that in all respects the promoters have cause to congratulate themselves on the success attending their efforts. The greatest novelty was a pair of brackets done in macrare work, which were extremely elegant and were much admired. In addition to the sale of fancy goods, pot plants and cut flowers were disposed of, while a large Christmas-tree occupied a central position in the room. The following ladies officiated at the stalls:—Mesdames G. Beeby, E. V. Joyner, Bogers, Smith, Neill, and L. G. Carter, and Miss Talbot. Mesdames Bo wen and Bullock presided at the refreshment-stall; the Misses Allen Bakewell, and Simpson had charge of the Christmas-tree; while the floral stall was under the control of the Masters Joyner. SUDDEN DEATH.—On Friday afternoon the City Coroner held an inquest at the Black Lion Hotel, Hindmarsh, on the body of Nora Tatham, a chili fifteen months old, who died at her home on the same morning. Mr. T. Eardey was chosen foreman of the Jury. The evidence was to the effect that the child since she was six months old had been adopted by one Mary Tatham, described as a married woman, whose husband was employed on the Government Gums Railway. Some time ago Mrs. Tatham lost two of her own children, and shortly afterwards, seeing an advertisement in a newspaper asking for some one to adopt a little girl, she replied to it, and a person called on her with regard to the matter. She went with this person—a youDg woman of the name of GifFen— to a house off the western end ef North-terrace, and there saw the child. The mother explained to her that the child, of which she had been confined in the Destitute Asylum, was illegitimate, and that the father had run away and left her in her distress. She then took the child home and there reared it on the " bottle." It had latterly been ailing, but as she was told that this naturally followed the cutting of the teeth she had not thought it necessary to send for a doctor. She had a baby of her own nine weeks old, and she slept with the two children the night before the child died. A witness testified that it had always been properly cared for. Dr. Rees said he had made a post-mortevi examination of the deceased, and had found that there were no external marks of violence on the body, which was well nourished. The heart was healthy, but the lungs showed decided symptoms of inflammation, and the liver was also inflamed. The cauFe of death WRS peritonitis, with general disorganization of tbe whole system. MB. BURNETT AT POBT ADELAIDE.—This get tleman gave a farewell lecture at the Wesley an Church, Fort Adelaide, on Friday night, November 19, cn the occasion of his departure from the Fort, where he had just finished a successful month's campaign on behalf of the evangelistic and temperance causes. The subject of Mr. Burnett's lecture was a visit to England, Ireland, and Scotland, also Gibraltar. Councillor H. W. Thompson presided, and there was a crowded attendance. The lecturer, who was listened to with great interest for two hours, opened with the fact of his being ordered home from Victoria in 1872 through health failing after nine years' labour in the interests of suffering humanity, and ha recounted the incidents connected with his revisit to London, his native county, York, and other places—affording him opportunities for referring to many of the famous men of the past and present. The Rev. Mr. Stubbs moved, and Mr. Derrington, J.P., seconded, a vote of tbanks to Mr. Burnett, which was enthusiastically carried and appropriately acknowledged. Mr. Burnett informs us that he starts to-day for Crystal Brook, and after spending a week there will proceed to Port Pirie. He hopes to reach Port Augusta before Christmas. It is his intention then to return to his family at the Semaphore and retire from public life until the heat of the summer is past. A MODEST YOUTH.—Here is a real gem cut from a recent number of the Times:—"To philosophers and philanthropists of substantial means with no immediate kin.—A young gentleman, just nineteen, who feels he has very good natural abilities for a scholar, philosopher, and statesman, wishes to become acquainted with some of the above who would adopt him, to give him every advantage to cultivate himself in a superior manner, and who would subsequently place him (after, due knowledge and experience of his character and ability) iu substantial independent circumstances, that he may employ himself in promoting the wellbeing of his fellow-countrymen. Applicant is thoughtful, conscientious, energetic, persevering, methodical, cautious, modest, and very tem- "perate. Address, to arrange for interview, H792, Address and Enquiry Office, Tinas Office, E.O." A little five-year-old boy was being instructed in morals by his mother. The lady told him that all such terms as " By golly!" "By jingo!' "By thunder!" &c.;, were only minced oaths, and but little better than other profanity. In fact, she said, he could tell a profane oath by the prefix "by"—all such were oaths. "Well, then, mamma," said the little hopeful, " there's a big oath in the newspapers—' By telegraph. " They are so precocious in the neighbourhood of Worcester, Maseachussetts! "My little seven-yrar-old girl," writes a gentleman, " was in the sitting-room aJoue with her uncle, and dreamily looking from the window. Without turning her head, she snid, ' Uncle Horace, ten and seven make seventeen, don't they He replied that she was right. 'Then,' said she, iu half soliloquy, '4t is only ten years before 1 shall have a btau—and, oh, I dread it.' A girl of fourteen years was lately showing off her lingual accomplishments to some frien Is. Her proud papa boasted that she could speak a foreign language for every vear of her short but studious life. " Dear me!" said a bystander; •• is her name Polly i"' 