Echdoa, Moama and Keb.in'o Advertiser. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) Eoudoa, Thursday, .Tunk 10, 18S0. Oxob more the injurious effects of the Stock Tax have been brought under the attention of the Government. On Tuesday a large deputation, representing the fell mongers of Eichmond, waited upon the Premier for the purpose of explaining how the tax 'affected their interests. There was, of course, little of novelty in what was urged. A tax which increases the price or diminishes the supply of the raw materia] used in any industry, must have a perni cious effect upon it, and the fellmongers only suffer in common with the tanners, the saddlers, the curriers, the meat pre servers, and others, the extent of whose operations are largely dependent upon thn absence of re- itricfiong on the live stock market. But some of the facts submitted by the deputation are calculated to throw addi tional light upon the subject and are certainly deserving of very serious con sideration. Mr. Walker, who acted as spokesman on the occasion, stated that the impost had been the means of throwing no fewer than 420 fellmongers out of employment in Richmond alone, in addition to a large number of curriers and persons formerly employed in connection with the Melbourne Meat Preserving Com pany, It was represented that since the imposition of > the tax there had been a falling off in the number of sheep yarded at Flemington of 300,000 per annum, and it was estimated that this meant a diininu tion in the wages distributed of fully L30,000. Mr Walker very pertinently remarked that " if any attempt-, wore made to slmt up the boot factories a great how] 1 would at onco arise from the friends of protection, but nothing seemed to be thought o£ the disastrous cd'ects of the present tax, although it had deprived many hundreds of persons of employment, and reduced thoir families to a state of seini starvation-" This, indeed, is quite o£ n piece with the whole tenor of the protec tive policy which has been adopted in Victoria. An industry has only to be natural to the soil, and to be of such a character as to aid by its establishment the development of our own resources, to be looked coldly on by protectionists. Thus it is that every pos sible hindrance has Jjbeen] "offered ^.to'-agri cnlturiats and miners by subjecting them to heavy taxation upon ovory thing they require to use. So it has been with meat preserv-1 ing. "When representatives of this industry waited upon Mr. Berry, to urge that the Stock Tar simply meant ruin to them, the great protectionist leader scarcely made a pretence of disguising his hostility to the industry. It was open to the objec tion that it had been successfully esta blished without protection, and could have held its own if its supply of material had not been stopped. In a lesser degree, the fellmongers are open to the same objection. To ordinary minds, it would appear that these arc just the industries which ought to be encouraged, because whilst they assist materially to increase the natural wealth of the country, they do not require contributions to be levied upon consumers to make them profitable. But those who have had the shaping of our fiscal policy have willed otherwise, aud the result is that several of our most valuable industries have either been greatly crippled or entirely ruined, and many huudreds of individuals have been deprived of the meaus of living. The deputation which waited on the Premier on Tuesday, did not press for any definite reply to the representations made, but simply desired that the Government should bo iu possession of information as to somo of the effects which-the tax is producing amongst a numerous and indus trious class of the community.' As to Mr. Service's own views, and those of his colleagues, upon the subject, there is no room for doubt, but nntil the budget has been determined on, it is not, of course, to be expected that any announcement will be made by which the financial intentions of the Ministry may be gathered. The Premier however, was so outspoken that wo may be quite sure of one thing. Tbe Stock Tax will not be continued a day longer than is absolutely necessary from a purely revenue point of view. Mr. Service said : —"The tax was a great Avrong. It had done no good to the farmers, aud an im mense amount of harm to other classes. He did not care to talk about Free Trade and Protection, but it appeared to.himthat under the latter you could only favor one class at the expense of another. The im position of the present tax was a vain at tempt to assist the farmers, and it had not only failed in that object, but had caused serious injury to other classes. It would be some little time yet before he made his budget statement, and the minds o£ the Government were not yet made up on this question, but from tho opinions which he ■ad just expreseed, the. deputation might judge as to what he would do iu the matter if circumstances would permit." So far as the question of revenue is concerned the increased railway receipts which might be expected to follow from an abolition of the tax would nearly make up any deficiency, so that this difficulty will not be a serious one, and we may confidently anticipate that when the financial statement is made it will be found to embrace a proposal for the re linquishment of one oE the most objection able and unjustifiable imposts by which the rariff of any country has ever been dis figured. Shipping Notes.—The Success steamer's barge Mildura was loading outward cargo yesterday at No. 3 crane. "No other work was done oil the wharf. The Kelpie ar rived yesterday from Balranald with a little station produce. The Success sails for Hay to-day. Important Case.—The important custom case of the Queen v. Ack Goon is to bo heard'in the fclchuea Police Court to-day. Mr Helm appears foi1 the prosecution. Eciiuca General Sessions.—For the first time for many years, there is not a single prisoner awaiting trial at the General Ses sions to-morrow, so the Court will only be opened^j-o/oma and adjourned. His Honor fudge Trench will be entitled to the usual compliment when no presentments are await ing, viz., the presentation oE a pair of white kid gloves. The Victorian Humane Society.—The presentation of the Humane Society's medals will take place at the Town Hall, Melbourne, on the 25th instant, His Excellency the Governor having promised to perform the ceremony. Mr Gosling, of Echuca, has re ceived a letter from the Secretary to the So ciety, respecting the case of Isaac Miller, who, it will be remembered rescued a man and a woman from drowning in the Murray at the imminent peril of his life, the event occurring at night. Miller has been awarded v medal, and the secretary i3 desirous that he should receive it personally from the hands of the Governor. Mr Chamberliu, of Rochester, has received a similar communi cation relating to the case of William Jones, another recipient of a medal for a deed of bravery, and forwarding a free railway pass, to enable Jones to attend, without having to incur travelling expenses. Ckown Lands Sale.—A sale of Grown Lands was linl.i at the Moama Oourt-house yesterday, by Mr L. S. Donaldson, P.M. Two lots »«re submitted, and both were purchased on behalf of Sir John O'Shanassy it the unsot, price, £1 per acre. Lot F con sisted of 50 acres, parish of Gulpha, situated oifif chain north ot improved portion No. 30 jf 271 acre?, parish of Moira, adjoining on its eist, north, and west boundaries improved portion No. '20 of 150 acres, parish of Gulpa, Vloira Run. Lot G comprised 45 acres in the same parish, and was situated north of John O'Shanassy's portion No. 19 of 320 acres, adjoining on its east, north, and west boundaries improved portion No. 30 of 271 acres, Moira Run. The Catholic Art Union.—We have been requested to mention that the first and t hird prizes in connection with the Art Union ittho annual Easter Catholic Pic- nic are still unclaimed. The winning numbara are 125 and 1,039 and if they are not produced with in a week the prizes will be sold and the pro ceeds duvotcd to the building fund of St. Mary's Church. Cricket.—The subjoined batting average "f tho members of tho Echuca East Cricket Club was accidentally omitted in our report >11 Monday last :—A. Bradford, 9 matches. 13 innings, 202 rnu3, not out 2, average Jo-7; T. Barnes,11 matches, 14 innings, 81 runs, 4 not out, average, 5"11 ; Gr. Hayes, 7 matches, 11 innings, 62 runs, not out 0, average, 5-7 ; W. Gibson, 11 matches, 18 innings, 91 runs, 1 not out, average, 5*4:; A. Kinlock, 11 matches, 19 innings, 94 runs, 0 not out, average, 4'1S. Eciiuca County Court.—The canso list for the June sittings of the Echuca County Court, which aopsars in another column, is "f almost unprecedented length. It is ex pected that the court will sit for five or six days before the business is completed; Echuca Police Court.—No business was "•'"isiictud ac the Eoliura Police Court yes terday. Echuca Horticultural Society.'—The 1 ijournod meeting of members of tho Echuca Horticultural Society will be heli this even ing in the Town Hall. Insolvency Meetings —Meetings of credi tors in the insolvent estates of Brooks Bros., c'lachbuilders, of High-street, Eubuca ; and or Edwin Jordon, farmer, of Terrick Ter rick East, will bo held in tho Sc'nuca Court house at 11 o'clock to-day. Insurance.—In our advertising columns Mr. J. S. Stewart notifies his appointment as a'.;ent. for the .North British and .Mercan tile Insurance Company, with special rofer «nce to agricultural risks. Ploughing Match.—A ploughing match will be h-ld on Mr Lueif's property, Tvrrick Terrick East, on Wednesday, lGth June. A schedule of prizes to be given appears else where. i Wild Turkeys.—That there U an abund. ance of tarns on the plains is pretty evideti'r from tho experience of sportsmen duri:i•> ^ past week, or two. Mr Pillanj, while out batweeu this and Wyuna, saw a large jl of wild turkeys, and, after doing a liifl» stalking, managed to bag two large ones" One of J these he showed us weighed 1QI ))J}' and was a splendid bird. " Musical and Literary Estertaixues: —Wo notice by advertisement that Vt' Faulkner, of St. Kilda, will give an eW. tionary entertainment in the Temnennca Hall on Thursday, tho 17th inBt. The en. tertainment will be diversified by musiC3\ selections, rendered by several well-knv,\n amateurs. Echuca North Football Clcb. — meeting of tlie above club was held at ths Mechanics'Institute last evening, G. Hayes in the chair. G. Hayes was unanimously elec ted captain; J. Seward, vice-captain ; aim p. Laussen, secretary and tre-isvirer. The colon of the club are to be blue and white. Otb.e matters of importance were dealt with, :Uvi the meeting wa3 adjourned for a fortnight. LOTTERIES OF Jb'itEEHOLD.—The ArWi a ays Attention was called in the L»;i~lv tive Council on Wednesday by Mr B-ich--^ to the fact that real properties were b<ir."> disposed of by art union, contrary to the 3i5* section of the Police Offences Act, forbid, ding lotteries. Mr Cuthbert, in ;ej,lv stated that the Attorney-General's depart', ment, did not know of any cases of ilie^j i art unions now being advertised. Under tin more recent Act, Jjfo. 533, section 5, it 1 lawful to distribute property amongst the owners by lottery. Mr Belcher said that ha did not refer to distributions of that kin i, but to properties which were offered to '.h; | general public on the art union principle. He mentioned thai only a few days an ts himself had been offered a ticket in a B;illa:v, lottery while travelling by rail between \1,;. j bourne and'Geelong. Mr Cuthbert inritri ! the hon. member to communicate with ths | Attorney-General, if he was aware nf specific cases., B0RNT to Death.—The Gcelong Adcertiar says :—A.u old woman named Elizi Mon.mim 75 years of awe, met with her death on Sun day in a shocking manner. She resided with her husband at Little River, and on Snmiay Mr. Monaghan went out after dinner, lea?, ing her silting beside the fire. It is surmise! that she must have lain down to smoke, atvi that either the match she used or a liMi'.ed piece of tobacco came in contact with the bed curtains. The result was that she was severely burnt that, though she was taken to the fi-eelong Hospital and received every at tention, she died this morning. The New Zealand Budget—The Tret sure of New Zealand delivered his speech in the House of Representative i:> Sunday night. The deficit on March 31 *m £990,000, and the public debt .£'29,214,0 >), the annual interest payable on which wu £1,535,000. Of the loan only £873.1100 available for new public works. The- in mated revenue for the current year wis £3,190,000, excluding the land fund. The estimated expenditure was £9,000 more. I: was proposed to reduce the Ministers' sih ries 2f> per cent., and other salaries 5 pe: cent. It was intended to exempt persons! effects from the property tax, and impose tax of Gd per gallon on colonial beer, and the same on imported, also to increase t.u stamp duties, and so leave an estimated stir plus of £41 ,C00. Land by Auction.—In the New S n:h Wales Assembly on Tuesday evening .Mr. Barbour moved the adjournment o; i:ie House in order to urge the Government » withdraw from sale some 125,000 acres ii Crown juands which were advertised i»M sold by auction yesterday at an up.'tu priu of £1 per acre. The Government declined :o accede to the request. The Coal Bore at Kii.ci'mu.—?::•> Minister of Mines informed the A-.-enrl; on Tuesday that the bore at Kiktinh is now down SS4 feet, and that so far 10 seam of coal at all likely to be ivoi k.'iMi ! u been struck. The other two diamond dn.h possessed by theGovernmentare.it work a: Kingston, and all expenses of working are paid for by the companies to tvhuiu ;'r.-y have been lent. Fatal Accident.—A fatal accident >.c curred on Tuesday at Wilson's Yarrabrfb station, near liny wood. The sn pei inu-tiiK-n: of the station, a young man named Richtri Faris, was driving in some horses. Hi* cm horse galloped a»ainst a tree and Fariu skull and chest were smashed in. i:^! half an hour afterwards. Mis brother. «'!» is cleric in the Sandhurst branch of ill-I'1-* of New South Wales, whilst on the »'•>; out to Yarraberb, was seized with typ!"' fever, partly due to auiitiish of mind. i'='!-1 parents reside at Home; but he is nep:-* to Mr. A. Warren, secretary and engineer the Huntly shire council, and Mr. N. ' rcn, Kamarooka forest ranker. Tli>' mau was respected and esteemed wln-rei' he was known. Drowned at Sea.—A case of deain drowning at aea is reported by the nu-ts the b.'irquo Lois, which arrived <>» Mom from Mauritius. The vessel has had a v stormy passage, and on Ai.'iy 22, in 3/ deg. 5<tini». S. and Ion. 102tley. R-. :i I named Kdgar Harri3s feii from the maim I sail yard into the sea, and was drowns Although the weather was excepti"'"1 severe at the time, the vessel n\is brum.''1' the wind, and sailed about the spot r'rmn o'clock in tho afternoon tin'il inid/jiLl)1.n notning was ever seen of tlip |»o«»r W"_' Harriss was 17 years of age, and the son w clergyman iu Mauritius. Cucnbcii of England.—Tho items of church news are extracted fr"n' Church of England Messenger .— It intention ol the Bishop of Melbourne ts comirotice another course of lectures at S.. Pauls on Wednesday, 14th July, at a fl|i:irt'r past 4 in the afternoon. The subject • I course will be " .Spiritual Life in 'he of tho Judges." At a meeting of tiiecifbs? dral Erection Board, held in the Iiish1,"3 Registry on 2Sth May, it w.is'resokeu tbt. as it was proposed to spend the sum1'1 £10,000 annnaliyon tho'ereetion of tl'.e drai, efforts be made for raising di.it .i-B throughout the diocese, and that tho c!iur>"-'" women of the diocese iu particular be to make an organised canvass for stuicnp tions to this object. I Hard to Believe.—The JJaliarm I wites:—t£ iVTr Jones, unless ymt p«y "i13 I arrears due for board and lodging 11»"!' ^ I you will in future favor othur people ir:t your company." Thus spoke tfie'l;indhdj I Jones is a near arrival in the colony, one "W'J i 'uncled with little money, and h.n sii:ca ■a!>' I 813ted on less. Without any trade or p'0' | fussion of which he could call himself mwtri I has f"r the past six tveeks offered liis s-r' vices in the cause of Jaw, funning, and thatof general service. Hisclotiiin", all attempts to keep it ' genteel,' i>-3 ls" sumed a. shabby, novorty- strickenappMn^-' , snd to all his other woes, ho hud to add ' L»f having tile staff of life cut oil by an ' ovablo landlady. 'Mada>n,' he r<?f" ' since you are so kind as to give J1 f " forenca I guc23 I'll go ; fact is, I <}"•'1 'e '«ny, other course open to mo ; don f ,u"' ? useful servant, do yon?' 'JTo.' ' 4^v,)' b<3 sighed); useful gardener ? ' Doesn't it happen to strike you th-1' a in livery would sort of adverlisa this '-No.' '< Ah ! (sigh, and desperately,). *• T s'po8B its no use asking you if y»" ff:l' ' hiisbimd'—but she did, and truth is than fictioD, for they wili b0 "iarrii; toelninht from heuco. ■» Ti,fl TurtffJt f.H 1T OSE OF THE KeUY3 f— ii"- - . . police have [arrested a won on suspicion boing Joseph Byrnes, the bushr.wser. r!,0^' ',aro watched him a low: time. Colli''* l«nnit blacksmith, ktmn- Byrnes vhen he " -is « ifrooui fn Victoria, and brought bor.f "'"qiwntly for shoeing. Collins pointed lnot 0l<t a mid a gioup in the Royal Hotel billing • ™om, and says;if it is not, Byrnes ic'niiist be ''is ghost. Theferiaoncr is remanded for fur ther idoutiScatioa, 