STEEPLECHASE RECOLLECTIONS My reoolleotlons begin faintly in Eagland Cradled in tho neighborhood of Melton Mou. bray, my youth ie redolent of memories of rune with tbe hounds, of whioh I saw glimpses on "Shanks'a mare." While in my teens I got a- mount in a hurdle raoe on my Unole JaokBon'a Spitzbergsn at. York, A local " Votes," ae we oall the prophets, or tips, said Spltzbergen would show < the other horses hia tail; but unfortunately he showed It at the wrong end, and came in a bad last, leaving me behind. I was carried in, with the corners of my mouth very much down and pale as a ghost, This waa my and last experience in riding a raoe, but my avocations brought mo into close relationship with tbo spotting world, I was at Newmarket all the yeac round, and saw plenty of rncing, altbongh I missed Epsom, Aecot Goodwood, and the rest. Many is the night I have spent " in tho ditoh," to bo in tims lor eaily touting. More than once, too, I have caught the bitter end of the lash for not getting anny quick enough after a reconnoitre from the bashes of. a trial finish, On nrriving in Victoria, I found that sport was lively under- the nueploes of the Turf Olub. Then oamo the Viotorinn J-ickey Club iu rivalry .ICeye's grey more Modesty was in vogue ns oliampion over the jumps when I entered tbe Melbourno BpurtiDg world. If asked what Is the best horse I havo seen I would bo incllred to soy Moran's Dutchman which was disqualified for over. He had an extraordinary bounding stride, like Loup Gnron. I took my fnrowell glanoo ot Dutsh- man when he was on board ship, at Sandiidgn Railway . Pier, bound for England. They n-ruUred him for the Grand Notionnl, hnt t is rewards maintained that, his Victorian' die- "ualifioation held good there too, He wa9 a splendid looking horso, of rioh brown color. For absolute . flying over- fences - I think Marquis of Lome oould never bo beaten, It is hnrd to onmpare horses of different periods, While Grand Flaneur, on tho fist, eclipses all predecessors, I fancy Sussex, iu the jumping depaitment, could have done bb woll with the Bams chances ; for, mind you, Grand Flaneur's two Derbies were weight- for-aga races, and be won tho Cap under a fas arable handicap. After the experience of Briseis, Chester, . and Grand Flsneur, I would certainly penalise tbe V.R.C, Drrby winner with a lew extra pounds in the Cup, even if fresh racinc law were needed. But to r, tarn to the jumpers. I remember when the water jump formed the mdst exciting fea ture at the Flemington steeplschesee. The saying was that it had been abolished because Babbler was a fool on viewing tbo she, n of wntf-r. Reindeer was always a great favorite of mine. Like Sussex, the handicaps crushed him i ut of time, Formerly, we used to have w ight-fcr- ageEstoepleehaBing. It is wonderful what an amount of wear and tear some hoises 1 avo stood. Blueskin— old Bluoy— kept - n the turf until one imagined he must hare been duplicated. -I have a memory of being in his back one Sunday afternoon, and ex perienced bis vigorous old ago in a bolt, whioh carried me over a swamp, ond splattered a new Buit of clothes with mnd from top to toe, my conntenanoo resemb- ling that of Mr Billy Sivoatnam in his war paint. When Inglesidc came up from tbe we-t to Bbow Melbourne bis poweHB, I thought I hid never setjey es on a finer cross-country horse, as he dieplayedtheafterwardsfumiliarwhiteatackirga inextending himself over the Flemiugtonswam, Every sportsman ehould be grateful to Fred Woi-dhouse for the truthful manner in which he has preserved for us,, iu his colored draw- lugs, tha fliers of tho turf. On the wall of my snuggery I glanoo up nt his Don Juan, " the csrt horse,'' with feathered legs, a per petual reminder that "they run in nil shape!." Ho)revivcs for me, tno, n tol-.rablo celebrity of the past in Kelly's W.rit-n-Whils. When the timo comeB to write my book on the Au;- tr. linu Turf, I must inolude that stranse incident of tho death of Guy Fowkes- He wae born on the 5th of November, and there- fore christened after the gunpowder treason hero, On a 5th of November, too, this horse Gay Fuwkes met with his death, by breaking his back, after taking a jump on tbe Flemingtm course, along with Inglcside, The black with white spots of old Ballnrat must not be forgotten, I saw him kick ing tops rails in his last circle of the Flemingtcn course a few years buck, for they will keep theso vet runs going when repose la the grass paddock is their due and right, Among onr riders, amateur and profession!), my acquaintanceship has taken prt t'.y well, E all in anting the Inst thirty ycats, Mr Goorgo fi Watson dates, however, from beforo ray 1 time and I aesnro you I can hardly 1 discern where tbe old scythe-benrer has mode bis mark, exceptiniarnishiDgthoindisponsahla starter of the V 11. C, with copies of himself, no longer in little. I suppose one coald find but few men, certainly not one in a thousand, with that psculiar cool pluck of Mr Watson, which enables him to stand in front of the - field of M lbourno Cop horses, and shout "Go I" ns he dashes down tho red flag. Mr Watsbn and tho late Isaac Hind were my favorite instances of tha. healthiness of a life in the aim sphere of the sporting world, Our starter, in his multiformis turf battles, has always home in mind that "ha who etriveth for the mastery is temperate inail things," A blow to him and to me, was that unfortunate death recently, in tbe -hunting held, of Mr Bowes, one of tha best riders Australia ever tnrued out, only too daring; and jet, like Whyte Melville, he came to his end through tho trivial incident of hia horse making a false step in a bog hi- le, Sam Wal- dock was another stamp of ridor, with a grace whioh BoweB never cared to practice. Yet I would sooner follow Watdock'A -cautious style, " riding with _ hie head " and always about the finish too, Mr Glass- cook - ie a wonderful man ' for hie weight, He puts me in mind of that picture in Punch, whrre the bulky old gentleman, equal to a cartload of brioks, Is requested by tbe bus conductor to mount on top, "Now then, air, up she rises like an air balloon 1" I always think of thlii Wneil Glass cock lifts somo Laverton Lad or Timbertop over1 fi four-1'Mler with tho lightuoss of a soar ing bird, Spuofl fails me to write on the younger generation — the Oliirnsidea, Wilsons, Inglises, Ponders) Duffott', Andersons, and so on — as thoy deserve, Tho human half or onr national Centaur will evidently not languish, 