Our Paris Letter. WE are in the height of the silly season ; the working men's coDgress without work men has closed its lunatic seances, the last being represented only by a chairman and a self-appointed committee, who prided them selves on their name—" anarchic socialists," and really expressive, as their perfect cures for the ills of labor, consist in dynamite to blow up the legislature, and rifles in the hands of workmen, who would demand from the well-to-do, " your money or your life." These social filibusters, innocent of sense as of cash, appear to represent only themselves, as several of the trade guilds have officially signified they had neither connection or sym pathy with the pseudo-congress. The moral of the affair is this : if the laboring classes desire henceforth to have their grievances seriously examined, they must eschew farce tragedy, and professional international agi tators : state distinctly what is wrong, and shape in a practical form, the remedial propositions. There is nothing to prevent artizans forming co-operative associations, and they are free to compete for all contracts on giving the necessary security of ability to execute. But they have no capital, and bankers lend only to the rich-like private individuals : the state cannot advance funds to any special class ; all it can do is to secure a free field for every industrial en terprize, whether undertaken by poor or rich. ROCHEFORT is making agonising efforts to fill the public eye, and in which he succeeds, though not in tho way he expected. Pend ing that he be cast aside by the populace, whose wild and violent passions he flatters, their idol for the moment endeavours to be like Figaro here, there, and everywhere—he presides at a conference, to celebrate atheism ; at a " punch," to drink to the martyrs of tho Commune, at a banquet, where ultra-radicalism is toasted and tho fallen of the Commune, pledged in hand shaking and kissing, vowed to be revenged. Rochefort is evidently uneasy on tho pinacle to which wild and designing' men have pitch forked him ; but the higher he goes the more profound will be his fall. The public treats with indifference and laughter his utopias and paradoxies ; he furnishes no new ideas ; it is the same air ground on the same barrel organ. Ile has been challenged to precise his programme : lie promised to do so, lau did not. But ho thinks he his majestic because he abuses Gambetta: indeed his own party begin to feel fatigued at this monotony of billings gate, which opinion accepts as so much fun— cartoons in letter press, Rocheford blames the government for not separating Church from State ; this is a matter not for the Republic, but for public opinion to solve, and is surrounded by great difficulties. The Suiss democrats having recently in a plebis cite, plumbed against such a separation, their French freres ought to well consider such a step. There is nothing unnatural in the clerico-monarchal journals applauding Roche fort's attacks against the Republic; but the nation understands both classes of irrecon cilables. Rochefort eulogises the Com munists, and would canonize its " martyrs" : happily France thinks otherwise. In the dangerous path Rochefort is now treading, he ought to remember like a bourgeois ghost, that it was tho Republic stamped on the in surrection of March 1871, and that preaching a war of the poor against the rich, he will soon be caught between the hammer and the anvil. FRANCE at the first Berlin Congress, was tho champion of Greece, and by her advocacy secured for the Hellenes an extension of frontiers, which the late Conference has con firmed, by calling upon Turkey to act. Islamism refuses, fully aware, that so long as the allied fleet does not lani men, the naval demonstration is like sn many painted ships upon a painted ocean. No one doubts, that tho Turks can arrive at Athens even if the Greeks attempt a forcible possession of tire new frontiers-in the course of a fort night ; they are capable even of punishing the tribatary states if they commence hostili ties, for the dying lion can give still some terrible blows with his paw. But will all the allies remain simple spectators at the massacres ; no one believes in such a neutrality. France having pushed Greeoe forward, declines to sacrifice a franc or a brave for either Greek or Turk ; some ot the journals call this wisdom itself, the more chivalrous, sneaking, and humilating for their diplomacy. The French Government is the promoter and sponsor of the question of the Greek frontiers ; if it takes part in the naval demonstration noblesse oblige that it defend her pratege by something more than sentiment, against the nizams and bachibazonks. If not, la Rebublique c'est la paix—at any price. MUCH gossip continues still to surround the suicide of an American lady. Mme. " Amy Wetmore," who was seduced under promise of mairiage, by an English-some 6aid a French-Marquis, when her divorce would bo obtained. Thc culpable love was indulged in for some months, when Lord P-, becoming the Marquis of A-, was married to another lady at the British Embassy, despite his promises written and verbal, to remain true to his " darling Amy.'" A few days ago, Mme. Wetmore, who was remarkably beautiful, dressed herself in mourning, drank a preparation of several narcotics, and expired in great agony. She was discovered, with features as black as coal, and unrecognisable from contortions : on her finger was the engaged ring. Ono section of French society would burn the noblem ¡in, and insists on his expulsion from every club «tc. On the other hand, the ver sion is, the deceased expired a victim to excessive drinking, and that her bed-room liad as many b. ttles of divers liquors as a dram shop. No post mortem examination appears to have been made, the doctor being sufficiently edilied from the revelations of a stomach pump. The deceased committed the grave error of qualifying for a divorce, by wilful adultery, and as people sow, so must they qeap. 