AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. (from the Ionian Athtncmm } tan more thantwu months have passed jsmoe inybwnpenDnal experience ofinental , , „ _igT4*rr»; tave deals. Jet-alre»dyJ find-that rouhd the ,onginal Story there hae gathered a snrprieing' aoonmulatton of the SnythieaJ element, andthat I -myself am m danger of becoming al hero of romanceiin more sesaes -than one - As I object to be looked upon as a kma otmedium te whom supernatural visitations are vouchsafed, and, on the other hand, acfi not wiBh lo be set -down as a erszy dreamer*' whose diBorganiBed-teryous- BysteiSrendetB * him abnormally iiableto fantastic delusions^ ;1 have yielded to the sarneBtrequest of some who have hegged me to make public the fol- s lowing paper. I am-told that there are thosewho bnsy themselves la collecting similar stones, and :if;it;beso,itisbett«Shey ahouldi hear the fasts ^romme than afier they have'- passed -throngh-othei- channels; The narhi- ; tive was written, at the request of a friend,? not many days after. *he ,event;-whe"n all the; oircumstanoeBwerelreeh inmyiecolieeiliiio;- Oil the 10th of October, 18?^ I drove over from Norwich to.Manmngton Ball, to spend the night at Lord Orford's. Though 1 w»s m perfecfchealthfandtlugh spirits it I as fau: to stateilhatrfor-fsofi«PWeeks previously I hadhad'a greatdealto'think about,' some little, anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one land op another I was. not, • however.conEcious - ol anything approaching, weaaness, irritability, or "fag" I arrived at 4 pm, and was engaged in pleasant and animated convesfation till it was time to dress for dinner. »We dined at seven; our patty .numbered six: persons Of these, four at least had been great travellers I m vself was rather a listener; the talk -was gieineral ! and -discursive, and aura ed and interested me greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon the supernatural, it was chiefly concerned with questions of -art1: ,-aijd . the -experiences of :men who had: seen a ; great deal of the. world, and could describe intelligently ,• what they had seen, and' com- • .ment;,upoA it suggestively.-.v i -have ^ very rarely been at, a , more pleasant party. After, dinner we played a rubber. We- .^'left off ass.we began,'' and as two of the jgueBts shad- somedistance -to drive,<\- we broke- npatialf-past ten \- The -main object -of ' my -going .;over to Mannuigtoa was to examineand; take notes- •upon soma-very iare books in 'Lorddrford's libraiy, wb ich I hadbeenanxiously -Wishing to get;- a sighbof for some years;; but' had never been fortunate enough to meet with' up to this time. -1 asked- leave to sit tap for! some hours and make transcripts.- HiV lordship-at first wished me to let his valet remain.in attendance -to-see- all the lights put out,, but as this wonldhave embarrassed me, and-compplted 'mfe-to - goto" bed earlier than J wiBhed, and as it seemed- likely that I should be occupied till two orthree in the: moramg, it was agreed that I: Ehonld be left to my own; device, -and the servants should be allowed to retire. By .eleven o'clock ! was . the only- person'downstairs, and I was very soon busily at work,. aad absorbed m my occupation. The room in which I was writing is a large one, with a huge fire- placa and a grand old [chimney ;.«nd it is fsneedleBS to say that it -isfurnished with-every comfort and luxury. The library opens' into this room, and I had to pass' out from where; I was Bitting;,- into this library and get? upon- -a ,chair- ,to reach the volumes' I wanted' to 'examine.; There were six small volumes in all.' I took them down,;and -placed them at .my right hand in a little pile, aad'set to work rrsometimes reading-,. sometimes writing. As I finished with a book. I placed it in front of _me. There were four silver caudlestickB upon the table,-the csuodlea aU burning, and, as I.am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of-the table with the fire at my left, and- at intervals, as 1 had vfinisheS-with a-^book-,'"I "flrose; knocked the-fire together, and. stood up to. watmmy feet, i contmaed- in this way at my taBk; "tia nearly one o'clock. I had got on tTetter! than I expected, and I had only one more book to "occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of Siltzer water, and I remember thinking to myselfthat 1 should get -to bed by two after all. I set to Work at the last little book. rh&S; been engaged upon it about hall- an hour,: and was jutt Beginning to think that my work was -drawing to a close, when, oa! woi oetua% writing, I saw a large white handwiiMualootofinyelbow.-Tarni^g my shead, -there sat a -figera of a ;somewhat ls.rge man; wit,h his.back to the fire, leaning -lightly over the table, and apparently; examining the ,pile o! books that I had been engaged vupon. Tie'man s fectj turnedawayfromme,bntIsaw;h5Bcloaeljciit, teddish- brownliair.4nsear,and shayed cheek, the eyebrow tie comer of ihe right eye/, the pide of the forehead, aad he large,' hagfe cheek-bone. He was dressed m what! lean only describe as a kind of ecdesias-< ileal -habit-of thici -corded silt, or somesuch^iaterisl, close Up to the throat,-and ; a narrow rim or edging, about sa ,_3Gh.i broad, of. satin or velvet, sei",cg as a; ataad-npf- collarj and -fitting close to the: chin. Thet .right hand, "which had firot attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great: pressure, 'the .-ilefte handi;- bothSiandswere in.perfectrepose, and-the ihenght Jiand r for some seconds,tand-was 'perfectly sure It fels^eager ho mate ijsketch of mj. faieiid„,and--'JL ilooked at -a tray on, my , righiiona pencil; v/theu ithought, f Bp- .iitairs l have a sketch-book—shall Lfetch and I had actually got to the jait few words =pf iWhatirtCrhadi sdeteimmear to-extraot;! wheni the figire appeared again, erseti in the same-place *nd attitude as before. I saw the handt close to myjoRjaf I turned my head again,-to examine him more closely, and I was lraming a sentence to addreBS to h3m, when I discovered that I did -^ot dare to speak. I was .efrcudtof the tound of my ojm voice. There he sat, and there sat I I turned my .'he ad.-. again to my • work, and -finished pjitmg the two or three words I still bad to write."' The paper and my notes are* ,;at;ihi« .moment .before me,- and Exhibit -hot thealightsst tremour oraervoaaneBS.-; I-conlde iPPjattonWhe;- words I wae writing when the phantpm -came and when he diB&ppeared-; :Havmgfinished my task,! shut the bookand threw 4 jog thefeble; it -made a slight noiss' a« it fell, the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, X igafcforseomSLMeeonds- looking at -the ;firS> with a tmaous mixture of feeling, snd I remember wondering whgtner my friend would come again, ^nd, if he -did, whether he would "hide |the$fire,Jroni m Then nerve. J remember yawning; fhenlro lit my bedroom candle, took my Ijoola into ithe-inner- htraiyy. mounted the. Bixthl brought- backani'taidiipoiith&i; .table wherA t;had.-been writing when- the 2 - phantom did ine -tne.hoDoiw-toappear to" me *By thip time I had lost all sense of \- uneasiness" ; i -blew out the four candles,' aad matiched offi to beda'where sl slept the ' sleep -of- the just-or the gailty^-I know not which—but I slept very soundly. : - This is a simple ..anditmvarnished narrative' of-facts. . Explanation, - theoryi of inference I leave-to others, : Nkw SiiPHrw! Mixbs.—A valuable discovery of sapphire mines has been made m- Sftte/'and'^ftere'is-a- *' rash": to the newdiggings Many of the subordinate govenrtnfent officials' have-resigned- their pOBts Uf»rdSa: to ! be'eariy on the Bf^aand it is expected -'thatHnere will - eoon-^y an influx "of 'South African diamond' .miners. Those - sapphires; which have : reiched' : Bangkok &re; said to bfe large and beautifnl.- A Nbw v PiioroGBArmo Pbooesb. — The Japanese are now -beginning to return m JoHd-some of- the scientific instruction which they'have so diligently borro sea from Europe during '.eVeral years past. One of tbe firstlruitB of their Western culture is a; new sort of photograph, somShmg similar to the weil-faiown English- :type-prmting photograph.- It had long been observed by the workmen engaged jin making Japanese lacquer, that one of the substances has the singular property of becoming almost as hard as a stone when^sposed to the action . of sunlight; and a Japanese inventor has conceived the -idea of applying it in the. preparation of relief photographs. . A Glabcovered with, this material is .exposed:for . twelve hours to dayhght, which is allowed to pass through the . " negative" plate placed m front of it. By this time the slab has becoine hardened -to different degrees according to .the intensity ot the light falling on it, or, m other words;-according to the light and shade of the negative in front j and upon carefully scraping away, the softer parts, a pictorial surface in low relief 11 obtained, similar to an engraver's, block, aod.suitable for pneung from. - A GBOsgABHicii. Gams.—An amusing, andinsiruclive geographical game has just ^ieen invented bv M. Levasseur, a wdlknown French geographer. It is called •. *• Tour du Monde," and isplavedon a large terrestrial globe, rnjhlv illustrated, and divided into:232 snhencal rectangles, each of whioh is marked with a number.corresponding "to a number on a hat which indicates* gains or losses in the.game. A brass rib or meridian-running from pole to pole of. the globe,-but *raised above; the latter, Is perforated with a row of (eighteen holes; and there are eighteen tiny flags provided for the purpose of being plantedln the holes. Eaoh . flag corresponds to one of the principal . states of the • world, -from. China the most populous, to Holland the least .populous. To play the game the globs is set revolj?- ing, an3?& player, commencing at the south poie. plants a flag into each -hole: one after another, at "each revolution of the globe, and aavacroMCWttflurndK' The score of the player, Wbioh may be .either a gain or a loes, is-aetBrmlned' by the-'cature of the facte indicated 1 " on-'theTeotaDgular space .above whitsh a flag may stBndjWhen the globe stops revolvtag;'and- thistle; of course; the-mteri. eshog -»nd"humoarent- part-' Ol - the - game; Eondenj-foV "exsmple, counts thirty; PariH ;. twenty,"ah'd"B0 =on;'acoordifife to popnlation; A«oal i mine;-a i ManchestBiHsottoi} - laotory; '6 -grain-mart^ aU -are > rebkoned 'gams; "bat • bfi enobunter wrfh-a Zulu or a il^m in^AfriOBj-a stoBh- e in' 1 the (AtlanUe, 1 a'«polai>-loeberg,-a Bri)cban6^n ! the-J!ile,«atuftUyig<)for-iBerioiis loftift. Kflumi Imafic^pfe^um 4»d«asUii« to refer to various practical appUcatiODS of certJun-iphosphStetcenl; substanoee t0 :illu- . ;minatmg» pmposesii-and -eBpECiall.v- 'to.-thB " lummone ' pamf V:-ot-Mt. ;W.-; Hi Balmara. Xhis material.has; of .datevbeenibraughtinto ^eatennprominence, sind:ias -been- put .to iseVeisl'iunpdrlant «ses.*j t lit -will:he :remembtred that the paint is made by mising- R seH-luminons - sulphide or other «salt— of calcium with the materials of ortasty eoiourleis paints* When exposed for some lime tp daylight, or to the . powerful rays of the electric arc or burning jhagnesmii wire, the sensitive salt in the paint seems to acquire a molacular^VT.bVation which, in; darkness gives ri«e;to,ifeveB oT;iight,;whi.chare seen., aa.a sbftVidletphoBphorescsnce.grosvmg whiter as it is more intense A piece of card- • board two feet square, if; coated, with-tie . p^nt, makes an excellent hand-lamp, and is'now, we'beheve, being tried for this purpose m tho dangerous spirit vaults • of .the West Iriflia X)ocks,-aud in tbe_ gunpowder magaanea of one of her Majesty's ironclads Tbe Admiralty have made expen-" .rnente with the new illumiaaat lu a &irk-; "enea room at Whitehall, with a view to test ; its capability for use ab*"a wall paint to lighten the dark compartmJsnts of uohclads ; and the dial indicators for showing uthe speed of the'pngineS on board H.M S. TTcrtAempftntbre to be faced with it, sb asto ahow tjie mdex'by mght wiiibut- the aid of a lamp An exceedingly interesting parlour ;; trick-can he played with & piece of fcard-; "bojSd ^'aiateS With the luminous material ; in this way;—Expose'the sensitive surfafcfe to d&yllght; wilh 'a penny Or othercom lying moving tip tjarffthen to 'a dark place, 1 abstr^ting"the coIuunobservedjiiBEiirfaca ' 'ipil^e lunajnpus twith the eicepubn-of'the ; tound spot 'which had be6u covered "by the 3 coin. 'Tbis > -pai%n11, -la-fact,"^b a perSistaati sha'dow^oithe cbW^tet the lafcter has b^BOi - 'fcakeh away,"arid it jih easy to trifck those ; not In the secret'into ^plieTOg'^hattho ; tsoiui'iB stjll^tying on^hpoard. !' ""A •PB^cniN'feeahg'Oooke'D.haiiirfe diinkk 'of 'branSyf fesllaifflsa,Don't drink ; that-fllfliy staff-. Brandy isthS-jrifrst eaemj-; Auqustus Jessoep, D D. 