Latest Telegrams. ADELAIDE WOOL SALES. Adelaide, October 21. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. catalogued 3,000 bales of wool to-day. They had a large attendance of English, German, French, and colonial buyers, and spirited bidding throughout, resulting in the disposal of 2,300 bales, including the McGrath Flat clip. Sixty bales greasy realised lid.; 200 do., branded Tennant (Willipa clip), 10Jd. ; 300 do., Parato, 8fd.: 500 do., Bel tan a, 85 do., DG (Point Sturtclip),9|d.; and numerous smaller lots at from 7d. to lid. per lb. Washed fleece fetched is. 2|d.; ordinary scoured wool, is. 4£d.; greasy pieces, 4d. to 6Jd.; and locks, 2d. to 3£d. RAILWAY STATION.—We reported some time ago that important changes were impending amongst the officials at the Gawler Railway Station. Since then Mr. George Anderson, the ticket clerk, has been suspended, and an examination is being made mto his accounts, owing to alleged irregularities. It is also rumored that more complaints reach the department in Adelaide about the peculiar way in which things are conducted at the Gawler Station than about all the other stations on the North line put together, and that unless an improvement takes place, sweeping alterations will be made amongst those in charge. MEANNESS.—From the report of the Gawler-Institute read at tbe meeting of the subscribers on Monday it appears that a great many people are in the habit of regularly using the reading-room and other portions of the Institute without paying anything towards the funds. Complaints have been made by members that they have been frequently elbowed out by these non-subscribers, and the committee have at last resolved to deal with the evil. The terms of membership are so low that no excuse need exist for any one pleading inability to pay. "BCEIED."—Some people have queer ideas as to what is meant by being "buried." Uusually people think that when anything is buried, It is put out of the way altogether. One of the members of the Institute, bowever, appears to differ from this, and on Monday evening spoke of certain works which had been placed in the reference library as being " buried." The fact of the matter is, as the president suggested, the works referred to had been made more accessible by being put into the reference library, where anybody may see them. They were formerly " buried," so far as the general body of. members went, by being monopolised by one or two readers. The word must have been used as a " goak" by our "phriend." We hope, so far as he is concerned, that many years will elapse before he is either " buried" or " put on the shelf." JOCKEY CLUB.—A meeting of the committee of the Jockey Club was held on Tuesday evening. After some discussion it was resolved to reduce the entries for the Gawler Cup, to be run for on April 6, as follows:—Nominations, £2; acceptances, £2 10s.; balance £4. The remainder of the programme is to be adhered to. A revised list of events appears in our business columns. THE CHURCH AND THE BREWERY.—The half-yearly meetings of the Congregational Union were held at Macclesfield on Tuesday last. The Adelaide papers of the following day gravely informed their readers that the various delegates, lay and clerical, were shown over the brewery of Messrs. Conigrave Bros., and that the representatives very much enjoyed "themselves ! THE OCTOBER SHOW.—The South Australian Horticultural and Floricultural Society's October Show was held in the Adelaide Town Hall on Thursday, and was very successful. The attendance was interfered with by the weather, but there was a good display of fruits and vegetables. CHINESE IMMIGRATION.—The Treasurer introduced a Chinese Immigration Bill into the Assembly on Thursday. The Bill is substantially the same as that previously introduced during the session, imposing a poll tax of £10 on every Chinese immigrant, except that its operation is confined to the Northern Territery. The measure was passed through all its stages, and sent to the Council. It is probable it will be passed in that chamber. RACING COURTESIES.—Mr. Bagot has informed Mr. S. Barnard that the Victorian Racing Club will no longer exchange tickets with the South Australian Jockey Club. HOLIDAY.—Tuesday, the 9th November next, is gazetted as a public holiday in celebration of the anniversary of the birth of His Royal Higness, the Prince of Wales. MR. SAMUEL CHIVELL.—This gentleman, e who was regarded as the founder of the township of Mallala, and who took a great interest in its affairs and advancement, died at noon on Thursday. LOAN BILL.—A Loan Bill for £383,000 was introduced by the Treasurer in the Assembly on Thursday, and the measure was carried through all its stages. THE TOTALIZATOR.—A Bill to legalise the use of the totalizator in the neighboring ~ colony of Victoria has passed the House of Assembly, Melbourne. CHANGE OF NAME.—A Bill has passed the Tasmanian Parliament, altering the name of the capital of that colony from Hobart Town to Hobart. SUICIDE AT ANGASTON.—Mr. G. J. Arnold, chemist at Augaston, aged 30, was found dead in his bed on the morning of Monday, lSth inst. An inquest was held on the body on Tuesday, conducted by Mr. W. Clark, J.P., and a verdict was returned that deceased committed suicide by poison whilst suffering from excessive drinking. SUICIDE OF A BANK MANAGER. — Mr. James Trimmer, manager of the National Bank at Quorn, committed suicide on Monday morning last by shooting himself with a revolver. He was very highly respected in the district, and was to have been married shortly. A verdict was returned of temporary insanity. FATAL ACCIDENT BY DROWNING.—A great sensation was produced at Kapunda on Sunday when it became known that three men had been drowned on the previous evening in the river Light.' The names of themen were John Shanton, Phillip Rogers, and Thomas Lyons. They were crossing Allen's Creek, on tlie Truro-road, in a spring-cart, when the stream came down in great force, and washed them away. A coroner's inquest was held on Monday, and a verdict returned in accordance with the facts of tbe case. ANOTHER WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA.—It is not unlikely that England will soon have another South African War on her hands. The Basutos are giving trouble, and a battle has been fought at Mafeting between them and the British. The former sustained loss of 30 men killed and wounded, and the latter 300 killed and wounded. A DEADLY DUEL.—It is not often we have such an exciting event as a duel"to .record. The other day, however, we were informed by a gentleman in this neighborhopd that he discovered his dog—a fancy terrier —and a snake, both half dead, lying side by side, after having fought a desperate duel. His suakeship wa9 dispatched, and the dog was taken home, where he yielded up the ghost shortly afterwards. The dog ' Was bitten by his antagonist in several placelB.^-; " MRS. BROWN."—Mr. Arthur Sketchley, alias "Mrs. Brown," met with very poor success in the Northern Areas, and in one or two places where he was annonnced to appear, the " performance" did not take place. The Areas Express says that people could do very well " without that garrulous old piece of cockney vulgarity." GAWLER INSTITUTE. — Applications are called in our advertising columns for candidates qualified to fill the position of secretary and librarian to the Gawler Institute. SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.—Services will be commenced in the Wesleyan Church tomorrow iu connection with the anniversary of the Sunday- school. On Tuesday tea and public meetings will be held, when addresses will be delivered by several gentlemen. CHURCH OF ENGLAND SCHOOIS.—The Rev. C. C. Elcum, M.A, bishop's chaplain, will preach in St. George's Church to-morrow morning and evening in connection with the anniversary of the Sunday-school. .On Man- Jay evening the rev. gentleman will •deliver a lecture in the Institute Hall on "Bite of TraveL" • • PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, CAWLER.—Oar readers will notice elsewhere that the reopening services of the ab*ve church are to take place on Sunday, October 31. Next week full particulars of the services will be advertised. FARMERS' CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.—Attention is directed to an advertisement in another column setting forth particulars in connection with the establishment of a Farmers' Co-operative Agency Association^ RECEIVED.—The Whitehall Review. Naracoorte Herald. \ 