FIHESiDE READINGS O'CONNELL. I saw him at the hour of pray'r, when morning's earliest dawn Was breaking o'er the mountaain tops — o'er grassy dell and lawn ; When the parting shades of night had lied — when moon and stars were gone, Before a high and gorgeous shrine the chieftain knecl'd alone. His hands were clasp d upon his breast, his eye was raised above — I heard those full and solemn tones in words of faith and love : Ho pray'd that those who wrong'd him might for ever be forgiv'n ; Oil ! who would say ouch prayers as these are not received in heav'n ? I saw him next amid the best and noblest of our isle — There was the same majestic form, the same heart-kindling smile ! But grief was on that princely brow — for others still ho mourn'd, He gazed upon poor fetter'd slaves and his heart within him burn'd : And ho vowed before tho captive's God to break the captive's chain — ? To bind tho broken heart, and set tho bondsman free again ; And fit was he our chief to bo ia triumph or in need, Who never wrong'd his deadliest foe in thought, or word, or deed ! I saw him when tho light of eve had faded from the West — Besido the hearth that old man sat, by infant forms caress'd : One hand was gently iaid upon his grandchild's clust'ring hair. The other, raised to heav'n, invoked a blessing and a pray'r ! And woman's lips wero heard to breathe a high and glorious strain — Those songs of old that haunt us Btill, and ever will remain Within the heart like treasured gems, that bring from mem'ry's cell Thoughts of our youthful days, and friends that we havo lov'd so well ! I saw that eagle glance again — tho brow was mark'd with care, Though rich and regal aro tho robes the Nation's chief doth wear ;° And many an eye now quailed with shame, and many a cheek now glow'd, As ho paid them back with wordB of lovo for ev'ry curse bestowed. * When O'Conuoll who Lord Mayor, I thought of his unceasing care, his never-ending zeal ; I hoard the watchword burst from all — tho gath'ring cry — 'Repeal : And as his eyes wero raised to heav'n — from whence his mission caino — Ho Btood amid tho thousands there, a monarch save in name ! An old lady wants to know what good tho now Fronch cable is going to do thoso who don't understand French. New Proverb. — You cannot raise silver crested Hamburgs by setting a hen on nickel plated eggs. Silence is Golden. — Aunt : ' Has anyone been at these preserves ?' Dead silence ' Have you touched thom, Jimmy ?' Jimmy with, the ut most deliberation : ' Pa never 'lows me to talk at dinner.' Matrimonial Harvest. — Notwithstanding all the modern improvements of husbandry, the matrimonial harvest is still gathered with tho cradle, and thrashed by hand. Medium in All Things. — No generous man would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and, a3 tho ghost is walking about, while the medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim, ' There's a rat by the ghost !' It spoils the effect to have the ghost yell and gather up its skirts and run. Sensible to tiie Last. — Aunty — ' Well, lovo, did Mr. M'Siller propose?' 'No, aunty; but lie was on the vergo of it when — ' Aunty — When what, darling ?' Edith — ' When tho clock struck and reminded him that there was only time to catch the last cheap train, and ho had a return ticket.' A Connecticut man dreamed of a liniment that was to cure rheumatism at tho first applica cation, and he thinks it does it, for when ho tried it on a man who hadn't been able to step for three days, the patient suddenly developed an ability to jump four feet into the air, swear like a baggage master, and thon to kick tho dreamer down three flights of stairs into a barrel of soap in the cellar. When Macaulay was an undergraduate ho attended an election meeting in Cambridge, and was rewarded by a dead cat being thrown in his face. The man who hurled the offensive article apologized by saying that ho had no wish to hit Mr. Macaulay, as he intended it for Mr. Adeane. ' I wish,' replied Macaulay, ' you had intended it for me and hit Mr. Adeane.' A merchant in a provincial town in Scotland had a habit of Baying, ' It might hae been waur' to everything that was told him, however Bad tho story might be. A neighbour thinking he would knock tho wind out of him, ono morning said, ' Man, I had an awful dream last, night.' ' Ay what did you dream !' ' I dreamed that I wao in hell.' 'It might hae beon waur.' 'How could it hae been waur P' ' If it had been a reality.' Putting His Foot in It. — A fair young mother with a crying baby in hor arms eat in a Silver City stage coach, says a Nevada paper. On tho opposite seat was a well- known politician of engaging manners. By and by ho said : ' Let me hold your baby. Perhaps I can soothe him.' Oh, no ; I'm much obliged ; you couldn't help me any,' was the answer. 'But,' he persisted, ' you had better let me try.' ' You are very kind,' said the lady at last, ' but I know you could not help me ; for he is hungry.' A light seemed to dawn on tho politician's mind, and ho abruptly broke off the conversation. 