PTJNNIMEN!TSr ? ^ Vaosn- sou are you, my little boy ?' — ' I aiu't nobody's son; I'm £&. Thompson's neptiaw, 3ir.' A Qua-je advertises a compound that will cure eveisytHng, from a bad character to a had tem;per. An asbhor, ridiouling the idea of ghosts, asks how a £sad man oan get into-a locked room. Pro bably with a Bkeleton-key; I.Vo oousriQ8,namod Oriobetfr,. were married lasl; wee'sjx in Jefferson County.. We are op posed to- such cricket matches. — American Paper. , Tou may wish to get a wife without a fail, ing ; bat', what ?* Ihe lady,afber you find her, happens to ho ' \ want of a- husband of the same character £ A Msi. Bcbbi has declined!, a challenge in Miesoarii He says he wijl'' fight under no ciroumotuncc-3-' He is no bnttle-door. ? Cass ja laiy ' a chicken,' and: ten to ono she it cngry. Tell her she iu--' no-ahieken,' and twenty -to oae ahe is still angrier. ?I Mh. Su ie. advertised in .thoGsorgia Gonsti tulicnalint' that u young man hud- run off with - his too daughters. .Tnat is outrageous. 'Wiiai.V the uss-oE two Strings to cue tow? i 1-3BSONS- wno ascena togotner in n balloon may. be the- best friends is. the world at stari« ing:; but they rarely fail, during their trip, ia. have high words, and oo^e to hard blows. j A'lOUAsa. of soda-wataiji vrna offered to. a. cenntry lad, who rejeoted.it with the greatest indignation. 'Do you think I am a siCi rcandor,' suid he, ' to drink -waier tiling hotv?: . AsI'ullqw was told cUa: tailor' a shop that thiae yaids of cloth, by leinfr wot, would shrink one quarter of e.yardi. — ' Well, thec/ he iinquir(Kl, lif you should- wet a quarter of- & yard,. would there be any, left?' ? Tw non.Ti^r kriflna TrmTV. 4n. tinat Inv i,Tiit.oV\ o^ contradictory as woman. For inBtanao,. he pbi9ct3.toBe8 flies in -ia pocb wine, and 7et tbe fastidious monster in. nob in tho lenot caragad ftt tha eight of the bcu's- wiig ! i 'liDiDs'r donouncs.you-' said a sauc7- yo-nng fellow to an editor, ? bub caiy your sutoxdiaate. I morely mado a ffiog at your staff. '^— ' Well, Birf* replied tho editor, suiting tha action, ia the iwoid, ' *hen my staSsshail have a flirg at you.' .' — Jbnvican Paper. . A Ghost is XiO.iuc — A farmer, who had ?lataly beoome a \7 jiowey. waB urouwd- al mid night by tho loud', basking of hia doff. On :going to it tho animal &8played o^lroma terror, vihoreupon the fitrmer took his gun. and pro Qaeded to an ingp^ctioa. All at oaasJbe saw a ; phantom clothed .in a whito shoot, xias behind the hedge. The .Gunner turned) deadly pale, and his litnba niook with dismay.. He, how ever, contrived to ejaculate, ? I{ youi come from, hoaven, speak ; if from tho evil! on«, vanish it' t ^ir ? t_i_ * ? ,. ? ? 3 it ? — c^_i._. ? ? f IT CUI.UI1, U&tiailUQU; LUU pUUU JVULy X UIQ yOCy* deoeasod wifo-^ oome from- tho grave to wasn, you not to many Maria A — , to. whom you are making love. Tho only woman to Buocood ma is Henrietta. 3i — . Marry has, or persecution and eternal, tormont BhuiJ be your doem.' Thia 1 stranfjo-addrosB from &e; goblin, insbsai of dismaybig- the farmer restored his couaago. Ho accordingly rushud to tli« ghostly -vioitor, and, stripping off the shee&disoovered; the- fair Henrietta. B — herself, looking oxtce-nely foolish. It is said that tha farmer, admiring tho gir£tktriok, has had tbo banns psrMishod for his marriugo with he*. ConW45CATIon. — An old-fashion&i; ' Non con.' iu Salford, who i) evidently aV home in theolcgy, rhyme, and long syllabloo,. reoontly sent too following reply to a circuliin inviting him to- preparatory confirmation soivices : — ' Sin, — Your kind invitation iron, tho Church of tha nation to makp preparation,, by examina tion for its conformation invites observation. I doa't moan provocation, but ycus transplanta tion of a Popish creation, neecUieformation oi' great alteration to bear eocoo relation to re generation or signers' salvatioa. It works bat spoliation. 'Tis a grosa imitation of misH). presentation of true rovolatiou. By gwat demonstration you make a sensation and gain admiration by gay decoration that beings obligation and often vexation. Cease its propagation aud without hesitation. Not fear ing daroaatiou or incarceration, I give con demnation to your confirmation. K this Bhort narration meets your approbation, I'll make application to hava conversation, on this con firmation without ostentation. Being lowly in station, I send this oblation in hope that my nation may spurn suoh oantation by firm ptoteat4tion.-*Yon,r, faithful 'Parishioner.' 