LIGHTS AND SHADES OF ROOK- WOOD CEMETERY. " Dt J these bones cost no more tbe breeding but to piny at loggats with them The function of the old churchyard lias been usurped by the modern cemetery, and all the line ideas which have been broached under the inspira tion of tombstones — Harvey's Meditations anil Gray's Elegy for instance — will, some time in the future, be shorn of mueh of their pregnancy. The cemetery is a very different affair from the time- honoured churchyard. The latter was always associated with the most solcniti rcllcctidns) and, even according to Shakspeare, with troops of ghosts and all manner of unwholesome beings. It was never, judging by the oldest chronicles extant, regarded as anything but a most awe-inspiring plot of ground, fit only for the visits of those who had done with life; or who had lost all desire of retaining it; The ceme tery of to-day, however, is a much more cheerful institution. The place chosen for it is frequently most romantically situated, and strange as the' anomaly may seem, is often ns healthy a one as might be desired by the directorate of a hydro pathic establishment. In those respects Sydney and its suburbs have been well provided for by the burying ground at llookwood, or, as it is some times termed, Hasiam's Creek, in which one may look forward to interment with feelings not devoid of all satisfaction. There is, probably, no healthier spot this side of the Blue Mountains ; and from its elevated position a panoramic view of splendid country for miles around is obtainable. It is divided into several portion-:, which are devoted to the use of the Church of England, Roman Catholic, We-leyan, Congregational and l'resby- tcrian Churches, and to Jews nnd Chinese re spectively. Of these, the first-named has been most lavishly ornamented and carefully tended. The lupidalion is iu some instances most artistic, and lite ground fairly bristles with stones recording the mimes and virtues of lite dead. The walks are neat and tidy, the drainage excellent, and in |ioint of beauty, it would fairly vie with any rival. There are several urtilioial ponds inhabited by gold and other fish, cool summer-houses for botii ladies mid gentlemen, a drinking fbnntain and n greenery, which is attached to the pretty residence of Mr. Kimbcrley, the sexton, who iuis here all kinds of plants suitable for the garnishing of grave mounds, together with cypress and other funereal shrubs. Such a resting-place robs death of half his victory, and the grave of half his sting ; for, to be in the knowledge that one's last tene ment of earth will be an object of a cheerful aspect must have a tendency to dissipate the mortal gloom. The work of beautifying the spot has nut yet been finished, ami according to Die principle upon which the iru-tccs carry it on, is not likely to Ire ever finished. All the s-arpliiB revenue is devoted to it, and of this there is a gootl and increasing proportion every year. The receipts for interments during the first year (18(iS) amounted to something over £1(JU0, while last year £2001) was thu stun, eacli successive year showing a considerable in crease upon it- predecessor. The total number of hi! rials in the 12 years wns 14,818, and from the figures quoted, it may fairly be deduced that this purl ion of the cemetery is in a nourishing condition, unpleasant as tin: fact may lie to eontein|liatu. But this field of the dead, bearing upon it the brand of its human origin, is not perfeet. To tho casual observer it is us nearly ,-o as any reasonable being could expect ; but there are things connec ted with it, ns with all the other portions of the ground, whicli require looking into by the authori ties. A person who is well off in life, and who has provided with religious care for a solid aud creditable funeral, dies with the blest con sciousness that at any rate his name will not be al lowed to rot wi tli his remains. If anybody lues an in clination to plant flowers on his grave or weep over him, there will l>e no difficulty in finding him out, for his signboard will bear in deep letters his name and supposed virtues. To his failing sense this vision is a matter of pleasant certainty, and if nothing else crops lip to torment him, lie may die ill peace. But what shall he said of a pauper's fate A wretch without mouuy nnd without friends dies in the Infirmary (for instance) under lite care of a paternal Government, which he pro bably thinks will see him safe and decently to his last resting-place. He is not tho only ' fatal case" that day, and then: may bo three or four more who have to lie Imried at the same lime. Thu imderlakcis, who do their work under contract with tiie Government, bring along their coffins, anil nail down the several corpses. It is casually mentioned that "Jim" wns a Church of England man, ' Haralt " a Roman Catholic, and "Bub "a I'tesbyleiiatt, and the names are forth with scrawled ou bits of paper and tacked on thu lid', after which all chance of confusion is deemed impossible, for tiie collius are piled up and carted away to the railway station. The timural train conveys the remains to Rookwood Cemetery, nnd the coffins are taken out and placed on the sward often with the bits of paper torn off' in the process of removal. Tims when the coffins come to be handed over to tlm.rexton.lie is at a loss to know the nature of their contents, and the undertaker is unable to enlighten him. He may be able to say that there are two males and olio female, and lie may have the names in his note-book ;.bnt to say which is Jim " aud which " Surah," it is beyond hint. He knows one is a Human Catholic and another a i'rote-tant, bat not which is which. Tim muddle is complete, and the three bodies are lowered into the graves prepared without any regard to identi fication. Thi- state of things is far from credit able, arid suggests unpleasant consequence-. Thus Jim's " Irene!- may unexpectedly come to light and request that hi.s body should be exhumed from the paupers' lot and removed to the select ground. The sexton will then tefer to his book and say, "Three paupers were buried on that day, butt cannoL say which was your Jim.' Tbe three were buried here, here and here, and one of Ilium is thu strly you waul ; which, I don't know. You can tave any one of them whicli pleases you ; so long as you pay your money you can take your choice." A most glaring instance of tiie folly of She present lax system occurred some two years ago, when the body of a boy was followed to the grave by I he weeping friends of a girl whose corpse, neglected ami forlorn, was ignominioiisly sub jected to the usual unhuuoiircd burial ; but the mistake was afterwards discovered ami rectified by lite changing ot the bodies. It might liave been thought that such a ease would have brouglit alsmt a more strict discipline ; but such lias not taken place. Even now a similar blunder might be made every day. It is not, difficult to tr.iee the source of the trouble. It is evident the sextons are nut to lilame ; the undertakers might cer tainly, by the exercise of greater earn in the labelling and handling of the deal eases, pre vent mistakes ; hut il llic Government were to pro vide a simple inscription plate, with the name and "fige of tiie dccca-cd legibly printed thereon, Die matter would be settle I at once, and further com plications could not arise. The present careless practice is a disgrace to Die colony, tor what could cause a greater revulsion of feeding than a doubt in the minds of mourners as to whether they pay their tribute of respeut to the rigiit person.' It is only the old story — ltattlc lii.s twnes Over tli: lie i only a piUjH.'r Unit owns. 