Uur neiglibours arc very much escicihcil in their minds aboiil our rcct-nl elections, and on the whole they regard them as satisfactory, chieflv for two reasons — that the elected members give jiromi'-e of ability and are pronounced Free-traders. The opinions of others about our affairs are often very valuable, but then to be so lln'ir information must lie accurate. Tested by tiiis standard some of the common! s made by our Molfioorm! contemporaries are not of so much value. Thus they say that the four members returned for East Sydii-y are I'V'e- traders. Now we have it on the authority of our morning contempo rary that the addrefs of .Mr, J-lnngar, one of the four elected, was that of a I'roteelionist, and this gentleman was soundly rated bv him on the subject. Quoting a portion of Mr. Hangar's address, that journal reinarl."d, what nro these hut the sentiments of a Pro tectionist ? It is hard to understand how the Victorian journals to which we refer tan have overlooked tho article referred (o seeing that our morning contemporary is their authority on Sydney alTairs. Vet they must have managed to miss that article, or they are guilty of nfittjijiri'Xi- to reri, or what is more prti- lmblw, tiny attached no importance to the opinion expressed. Hut the fact remains that Mr. Datignr,nlthough professing himself to lie a Free-trader on principle, was compelled to admit that in New South Wales wo required a policy that would foster and encourage native industries, until these were so firmly established as not to need any assistance. The hulk of Protectionists in Victoria go no farther than this, hut thu dominant party there insist that Protective duties shall always lie retained, and they carry their Pro tectionist crnzo to the extent of absolute pro hibition. If our contemporaries in Victoria mean that the elections hIiow that the party which advocates extreme Protection iB utterly benlqji, we are at one witli them ; hut if they conclude that there is no sympathy among the returned members witli a policy which shall foster and encourage home indus tries, and which will lie satisfied lo pay a littlo more for a short time in order to estab lish such industries in the colony, then we differ from them. Tilt fart is, wc do not think tiua the ques tion of Froc-lrndo or Protection very much iuiiiicuecil the elections. Thu question did not assume nny very great importance in the minds of the electors, hcyotul litis, that they certainly showed no sympathy witli extreme opinions. Mr. David Ducliaiian's views on Protection undoubtedly did him harm, because they wore not only extreme, hut so palpably nbsnrd that his audiences of working men showed no sympathy with them. In addition io this, lie had shown himself impracticable, and hail managed to quarrel with those who held more moderate views than himself. Mr. Jjiichanan's inferior position on the poll was due to a variety of reasons into which it is not now necessary lo enter, but it is only fair to him to say that some of tlicHo simply meant that lie was not a good man for party purposes. Mr. (i. il. Kohl's triumphant position at the head of the pull was not due to the fact that he was the champion of Free-trade, as the position of Sir Henry Pat Ices, who was fourth ou the list of returned members, sknurod very c'.eariy. Mr. lieid had shown his ability in a ivocati. g a Free-trado policy, and it was eliielly his undoubted ability that gained for him Lis proud position; and the fact that as yet ho has made iin public enemies, it must lie borne in mind, however, that his success sliowa clonrLy that there is no Protectionist party in .Sydney with nny strength suilicient to exercise an appreciable influence upon elections. Sydney, the finest port in the world, witli all its great trade with other countries, hits a large population dependent upon this trade, and extreme Protection is never likely to gain any strength here. Mr. Buchanan and liis Protectionist friends should take this truth to heart. Mr. lieid made n very true remark when he said Pro- : tcctiomsts iorget Unit there were other 1 nuns- tries in a country besides nmnufaclnivs worthy of consideration, and tiiat it would he folly lo raise these on the ruins of the former. Tho rejected of West Sydney, who is now a candidate for Mudgee, should profit hy the lesson lie lias received, j Ic must be content lo work witli men who nro moderate, and not visionary iu tlieir views. The lesson ho bus received in West Sydney lias hud a somewhat sobering ell'cct upon him, as evidenced iu his speeches nt Mudgee. Mr. Buchanan lias abilities which iiavo boon and may ngnin bo useful to the country, and we should bo sorry, witli nil his faults, to see him out of the next Parliament. Tho electors of Miuigeo may be more indulgent to his opinions oil Protection than tlioso of West Sydney, but they will not he the more acceptable to the public, and un less lia miloi'itilly modifies Diem ho will not bo able to exorcise any influence for good. Our critics may. not be quite correct in fho'r cor.clasbns respecting our ciccfions, but they' arc- so far correct that men of extreme views, especially with reference to Protection, have not tho confidence of flic electors. On Wednesday _ the ratepayers of five wards of the city will he called upon to elect hiuiiielpai repre i-ntiil ives. Tt is unfortunate, perhaps, t tint ti e municipal elections should this year follow so cbeely upon tin heels of the Parliamentary contest. The burghers seem to he preternaturnlly indifferent, and we have the hy.no meaiiB pleasant spectacle — from the point of view, that is, of the -public interests — of three aldermen out of the eight required being returned without oppo sition. There ran be no doubt that Alder men Pinyfair, Moore and Harris may have strong personal claims on the ratepayers, and licnoo it is, probably, that they have been permitted to walk over the course into the Council. But wo should have liked a contest, if only in order to draw out these worthy aldermen ami make them declare their opinions touching certain matters of moment to the ratepayers. However, they have been allowed lo re-enter the nldermaiiic chairs, and there is an end of Die matter so far as the (.iipps, BouiI.e and Dcnisoii Wards are concerned. For each of Die other live wards tin-re are two candidates ; and it is ill respect oi these tliut the citizens are required to discharge their duty. In all probability there would have been unwonted vitality thrown into these elections if the more important Parliamentary stiuggles had not preceded them by so brief an interval. The people now are surfeited with elections, and it would need something far more attractive than the average Alderinanic oratory to bring together a crowd. Nevertheless, the condition of the civic affairs is such as to demand the earnest attention of those upon whom the burden of finding tho wherewithal must fall. The Government has just relieved Sydney of an enormous and unbearable liability. Yet the finances of the city are still iu a most deplor able state. A municipal body that meets fortnightly in fear and trcmhliug of what its banker lias to say cannot be in n fit nnd proper frame for the execution of business having to do with street improvements, sewerage ameliorations and water questions. ( hie of the most accomplished thinkc-rs of the age has laid it down that the well-being of a nation depends primarily on its finances, and that if it contiimes for long to outrun its income it must come to grief. What is true of a nation ;in this reference is true nlso of n city. If Sydney proceeds much further on the course of over- expenditure she has sys tematically followed for many years past, she must suffer — the value of property must diminish mid the city must retrograde, in a comparative point of view. The conclusion is inevitable ; and hence we trust that in t/iiu (jit;i.i.i>j(iu MUiiH.'tuiiiy IIIUII; ui.ui u passing interest will bo excited among those who are so deeply concerned. Jt may be that the comparative apathy which 'pre vails is partly attributable to the extraor dinary fact teat more than two-thirds of those who should have a voting voice in the elections are unable to lake that prac tical part in them. Mr. Carroll, the city auditor, lias written a letter, which we pub lish in another column, in which he stales that more than l-!,iUjli of the ratepayers have been disfrancliisliod through the operation of the net.' Municipal Act. it appears that the discovery of their disfranchisement has taken the uuiertuiiale citizens who have no votes by surprise, as indeed il has tiic public gener al :_v. The evil — for it is s serious public misfortune — could have been nv. rted had the provisions of the Act been better known ; but it sceiii -i thai, the ratepayers are disfranchised through not complying with conditions which won.' buried in the voluminous A'-t, only t" be dragged out of their obscurity when il wanton lat-' to iiiulie any use of the discovery. The most serious phase of the matter iH flint, with niieh u mmill minority of the ratepayers pos sessing the right V) vote, the gentlemen who will lie returned cannot iu any ordinary sense claim to be the representatives of the citizens. After several months of most mysterious in activity Die gentlemen appointed to distribute flic, reward fund subscribed by the Govern ments of New >South Wales and Vic toria anil the Banks for the capture of tho Kelly gang, have made a sign of vitality, nnd a most remarkable sign it is. Tlie career of tho notorious outlaws proves beyond the range of discussion that up till the time they made their final nnd, lo them, fatal nppe.truneo, no innn, womnn or child in Australia has nny right to a shilling of the money. It might have been concluded, therefore, that any three men of ordinary intelligence would have been nbl to deal promptly with a question the whole pith of which was crowded into the evenU of a few hours. No doubt the Governments con cerned were of this opinion when they issued the commission for tho distribution of tho fund. Tt appears, however, that all Dm gentlemen appointed have nc- coinplished is to make the discovery that tlioy are utterly unfit for tho duly entrusted to them. After months of investigation Dray have apparently come to the conclusion that tliey cannot find out who they should give the money to, and in their dilemma tlmy innocently advertise for those -who consider they have a right to the whole or any part of it. it is announced that all persons claiming to have any ri glit to participate iu the distri bution of the money must send iu their claims on or before the filst December, other wise they will not be recognised ; and mem bers of Die police l'orec nre informed that they must forward theirs through tho heads of their departments. Can it Ira possible that up till the present time the Board have not come to a conclusion us to the claims of the police who took such care of themselves iu Slierritt's lmt ! Or are they still iu doubt concerning the ilisl ibnlioii of the money among tho gallant band win riddled the hotel :it Glen- rowun, and managed tu accomplish the slaughter of the innocents which took place on that day of cowardly caution .' Wo believe lhr» rrrtVJWfl U':i u Nil 1 in (Ott)Tncn r\f Girt I gang " dead or aliv," and if this is applied to tho capture of U.tn Kelly, Hart ami Byrno, the only man who has even a prima facie claim is the policeman wdio set the bonne on fire to hum out the two bushrangers who were supposed lo lie alive, but no doubt iu reality lo accomplish Dm heroic work of burning their dead bodies. .Surely the men who were afraid to face Die. outlaws while they were alive are not to be rewarded for capturing" Lheir roasted Ifosli and bones. As no member of a British Government or community could forsee the disgraceful surroundings of Die destruction of the gang, no provision is made for the reward of those who rescued iuuoeciit in-isons from tho .barbarisms of Die police ; hut thu heroic priest who attempted to wive the poor old man whom the polico were burning alive should not bo forgotten, aud lie, with those who were immediately concerned lu the aolunl capture of Edward Jv ollv are the only persons con cerning whom the Board should have much trouble. Advertising for claimants on lira fund is simply a solemn farce, and il is mi unpleasant foreshadowing of a " lame nnd " impotent conclusion." The exaet limit of human ntcanucss will perhaps never he definitely determined. When what might be regarded ns its lowest depth is ascertained, a lower deptli is after, wards discovered ; but it will Ira hard for anyone to get below the mean thief who robbed nn uiibuiied iufunt of its colliu n few days ago, as reported in our issue of Satur day. . Wo have huard of men who would plunder their oivn fathers ; of others who would rob a church, hut such thieves arc decent men compared with those who rob the dead. In the case in question Mr. Joseph Calland purchased a coffin in which to bury his infant for Die snm nf ,£ 1 . the amoniif covering the expense of conveying the dend child to the cemetery. The coffin containing the body was removed from his house on the 2tith ultimo, aiiil ou going to the cemetery the following dny, by appoint ment with the undertaker, he fonnd that the body of Die child had been taken out of the cofiin nnd squeezed into a plain ileal box -worth at a liberal valuation from Gd to Is. Who perpetrated the rascally rohlrary cannot of course he stated, because it appears tlmt the cofiin and its contents cannot he traced during tho time which intervened between the removal from Mr. Callnnd's house and his discovery of the child without its cofiin in the cemetery. Not being aware that Dicre were eofl'in- snntchcrB about he did not take nny precautions to frustrate them in tins prosecution of their ghastly trade, bnt surely there must be some means of discover ing who turns u repulsive penny by this ghost-like business. A box ij\ inches by I S was a remarkable parcel to lie taken into the railway train as n cofiin — supposing the changes were rung before the I sidy got there. If not the person who receives the remains of mortality at me cemetery comu not very well pas3 it without noticing it, supposing tiic change had been cilected in tiic train, so that there is only the other hypothisis that the coffin was stolen in the cemetery. There are thus three distinct sections of people concerned — the undertaker, the railway guards, or porters in charge of the train, and the caretakers of the cemetery ; nnd ns they could not all three ho concerned in the despicnblo robbery those who blow they are innocent should move heaven nnd earth to sheet the crime homo to whoever is guilty. Unless the dead infant changed its own cofiin some person or persons who liavo to deal with the dead in Sydney would be admirable subjects for that peculiar punishment, to ho carried out 'by placing in every honest hand a whip to lusii the rascal naked through the town. The-law abiding nature of tins people of Vic toria is often alluded to as an example for the rest tif creation. Statistics are quoted lo show that tlie number of arrests for imbibing too freely arc smaller in proportion to the popula tion tliun tlioy lire in this benighted country, and Unit fewer people knock sacii other's heads about wlicii they are ilrtmk. We uru not pre pared to diqiuto this. In fact, the Kegislrar- (ieneral's returns hear out the statement. I tut it docs not follow that the people of New South Wales are inherently wicked because they eou-amie more whisky. Perhaps Un-y are better aliie to afford it, or it may bo that theiv is some virtue i:i the circumstance that nohhhes are threepence. But we have 110 wi«h to ifetrael fr.ihi lli,. LLrli t.ii'irii trill. l' iMtrS!- till l(..rn hours. It is u singular fact that despite the larrikin element they cannot be induced to do much wrong. Wulpolu was wont to say that every man ha; his price, and so he may have ; hut people who travel by train on tin- other side of tlie bolder are not to he eitlii oi! into evil at a small figure. The Secretary for Hallways, for instance, oifer.i a premium of Gd'l for anyone who will damage the carriage or fittings, but nobody appears to he willing to do so. A notice is posted in every carriage, of which the following it a copy : — \ iet"ri..a Ke i; a.e, — :'.a> Jiewaril. — but ice is hereby eiv.'.. that tlie above reward will lie p.-ii.i to anyone irivh-a saeli information as will lead to the conviction of nny person (I.irnaeinj; or de-troyiny e-irriayer or e.irria:(e tiffin (s. The penalty lor sneii oll'enee o a tine of £-J0 nr three month's imprison ment. — Hy order. P. P. I,A!u:itTorritr., b'ccrctnry. .Widbournc, 1st June, |so. Of course, it is only necessary for a person to damage a carriage and give such information as v.-ill lead to his conviction, in ruder to obtain the reward of UliO, out of which he could pay the fine and pocket the balance. This regulation would, no doubt, open up a new lieid fur the exercise of native talent, Were it not for the remarkably high moral lone of which our neighbours are so justly proud. Sir John Coleriiliie, I'hicf Justice of Common Pleu«. lias been appointed to succeed Sir Alexander Cockbiirii as Lord Cliief Justice of l-higlanil. The agitation in Ireland seems to l»o as keen as ever. The hrignilo of Orangemen who wont to llallinrohe to assist tlie p altee, have been obliged to be e-cor- ted iioinu again for fear of hostilities. The agitators recently arrested will lie tried about the end of December. It is satisfactory to learn that Dulcigtio lias at length been transferred tu Monte negro : but it is quite probable tiiat after the Turkish troops have been withdrawn, there may lie mure trouble In store. There is, after all, tome prospect of a match being made between haycock nnd Hnnhri for the Championship of the World. As we staled in a recent issue, a telegram lias Ijcou sent to haycock extending his leave of nbscnce, and lie hup, therefore, re-opened negotiations with llaiilnn, who lots consented to row for n stake of £1U0U a-sidc. haycock is willing to accept this, but is not prepared with the amount, and is therefore asking the assistance of his friends. The next item of interest, and it is even more satisfac tory than tlie Inst, is tlint a company is iieing Heated in hondon, with n capital of £ii"00,0(X), for tlie importation of Australian frozen meat. Tlie divorce suit, Dibbs n r.at.i Dibbs and Blair, will be heard this morning before Mr. Justice Windeyer nnd n special jury. A large bar is re- tabled on behalf of each party to the suit. It is stated that thy return of Mr. John >Scc for Grafton is to be petitioned against on the grounds that ' Casks of beer were in tlie streets for the tiso of eloetors at pleasure." It may Ira very easy to prnvo that the beer was there, but unless it enn be shown that Mr. .See provided it, or authorised " his agent in writing " to do so, lie cannot be held responsible for it. The Spring matches of tlie Port Jackson Swim ming Clul) were held nt E. T. Foley's laths, Domain, on .Saturday, and resulted most success fully. Tho chief event, the half-mile mntch was won in splendid stylo by Corbet f, in Mmin Feces. Just after the event, for swimming iu clothes, Professor Hume's life-saving appuratiis was tested, find it was found that it would curry I wo persons easily, nnd that others could cling to it without sinking it. The water being smooth, however, there was no oppoitimity of testing its qualities in a rougli sea. The pri'zes won at tlie matches will be presented at the Freemasons' Hotel on Wednesday evening next. 'The laat lias not yet been heard of the alleged rohlx-ry of documents, representing £.",(KMi, from the Doinmoii l,aw Dopnrtmeiil of the Supremo Court several liioitthi ago, when Mr. James Krwiu was accused of the o lie nee ami acquitted. Ou Saturday morning the latler charged a olei-k named liulpl. Waul Tomliuson with having eon- spired to ne -use him of the robbery referred to, and the "aso was postponed to next Thursday, bail U-ing allowed, the prisoner in £Sn, and two sur - ties of ('HO ouch. The sureties were readily nro- cured. 1 A very largo audience was attracted to Mr, Blight's lecture on "The .Science of Spiritual ism," at the Theatre Koval last night. Tho scien tific part of the lecture was based eliielly upon tlie exhaustive work "Transcendental Physics," of Professor Ziilincr, the third volume of which gives n very interesting neeouut of experi ments conducted by Mr. Shade, of slate-writing renown, in the presence of him ;elt nnd throe oilier scientific "observers and writers. Extracts from this work were read with the object of showing thai many apparent breaches of nature's laws had oeeun-iil by unaccountable means, and upon tbuiu were biscd Hie theory lien, spiritualism cuulaineii within it considerably mote than is dic.-imt uf in the philosophy of the present day. Mr. Bright made feeling reference to the death o! Mr. J. Tyerman, and said that, although I litre had existed differences between them, he deeply regretted his decease. (Severe, hut well merited punishment was meted in the Central Police Court to an avaricious and cowardly cabman named Dcuis Cromui, aged 27, who was brought, np on remand last .Satiirdnv morning, charged with having assaulted Frvderick H. Itcssitcr at about midnight of the 11il.Ii instant. It appeared that the prosecutor wanted a vehicle, nnd the prisoner said tlie fare would Ira us. An- other cabman ottered to do the journey for Us, and ns the prosecutor was about to enter the cub of the hitter, the prisoner t-uddenly slruck him n violent blow on the head, catling him severely, knocking him down, and injuring one of his sides. As Orouau Itad already been a week in gnol, and as hits previous character hud been good, lie was allowed lo pay n line of £i>, the alternative being two mouths' imprisonment. Otherwise, ho would have Iraeti sent to gaol without tho option of a money penalty. The amount was paid, and tho prisoner was released, n poorer, and, it is lo Ira hoped, a wiser man. A rather ludicrous collision between vehiebs occurred iu George-street on Saturday morning. Ncnr Hunter-street a van belonging to Mr. George flurluy, of )iirwor.d, was overtaken hy a dog-cart drawn by a pair ot horses ami through cureless- ne.-s on the part of both drive-- ,i.„ . TT" I collided. The projecting p.;a,, If ,A" I cautrht in the van hora/< l:,n',e„ "j- " '->-.rt I winkers, teins, complctr-iv ;i\w V, "!r:- I t"l„Jt w..s, stopped, andthr; ,i.en- 'fl fr'j I \v:w found fn )v> ;i fr.Tfttmul inmn.«rio"c " ' ' 1 poukfri, with a wrotuh"(l <!r M r r-' I Tho nmiuI nf-:- 1 in? rf if.,- t . 1 maiiHiromunt i u v.»uu' -ii v-iih the I"' ' ' r' I teer i ire Brigades tie- city I held a. their me.-tn.e mom onFiid v'-' I 'ifith instant, at which tln-re va- ;1 j, ' ' t::r'.'h I the delegates from the different IrlrXT"-? I limy Mate tlint the tmit /-d Li. .r,(|r.= ,(f0 1 hy seven of the principal fire"hri;»;.,|,.s',i' I and suburbs, nnd tliey have in their I manual and one steam engine, and c-t" '0D I about 230 .working member--, and am "m ,o "'ii:1 I superintendent general-bin r.t Mr y"., ' ,St I Mr. Kelly, Mr. Bird, Mr. NVvmn.'tmd - Vn,'h as as-bUnts. A lot of the rood baring V Vf. through, and ,t was resolved to haw parade and practice on Mo .re Park o-' , I afternoon, 11th Diw/roLvr. " ' I The Apollo Candle Compmv gave jts ..... employed at the factory at T'vr,ll<n,t a "a,..""'1! picnic at Chmtr.rf on SalenL.v T|,„.. j mimlrar nt invited guest. «. n-i n mo-t . , 1 was spent by all, under then-. -a s „f q, "J Turner, the Sydney in:.:, „f the oua'p-'.v' Concerning the encounter with a sl ' -i. r I to in oar Bri.d.ura telegram., of Frida7M'i V i day, we have the fellow in/ ;,d,iii j"'' I lie buy Diary was h.u:,,., . t|.„ |, ' wueil a shark suddenly r, h, :| (,v "l i ' '' and pilled liiin iuid:r. T.e swimmer fought pluekilv and again seized before reaching iV,c r!„r- "j'i Ullh liiOLUTIIl IAV(» Olllt'r l-. tfc. Win > ii',,1 . : i bathing, jiinqvcd in and teiz.'d J.hurv'"',,,!? i e united efforts, surer , d-d in eiviu - f,j'm ;f: were, however, frightfully nm iU,d". v' s": sulci quently found nemWry '„ !. lue victim, we regret to ie«. «>. )tw sjItr i ; , Jl- t The Kurt Kire Coi»|uny : ict tn Nutuu ,.v' »nK hut »t t licit I'Uirim nr-v "u ./ Volunteer Hotel, lor the pun.n.e !,i x f new apparatus from has-ettcr (ju p 'j. ( '; satisfactory in every re.p ot. and il, a v/.r powerful jet of water to a high «l«vatJ->n V. company ts named after Mes-rs. Troth act u the well-known brewers, who-; lib-uah-v them their first start. The rotnp.iiy ' » A f started about u fortnight, and alrc.ulv hv engine-home and numbers n;c:r 2rt n..uj),.p r a n complete set of apparatus. After tlie luacliceti. was'sjrant, '''"i-denej, and a pleasant eveDsjj -,A vvlKIi.,t"ial1 was held on Haturdav, hv Mr. W.J. 1 inlicy, J.P.. touchiu.. t!,o .!.. n', ",!f , Chinaman named Johnnv Ah I'.at, w' ., denly at his re.-idniee in .Su-o-x-i, tl - vious day. Thu evidence adduce! .i,o-..ed jc- deceased was a native of Auiny, ami l,-.m ia'tC colony some time. H„ v.a, heavy npiun.'stn, and the result of a -tern examination r.r,.ie hy Dr. l-.gan sliowe I .h ail, was emi-vd h- j., disease and hydro thorax. The limim VI accordance therewith. "'n A very enjoyable day wrs sprat - ( -i „ Joseph flanks Pavilion. Botanv, on Sarurdav r- i ouiig Australian Band performed' an miei-q'-t programme, and the excursionist,, who mac, ' in large numbers, amused themselves wi'ii , Lie. ing, cricket, quoits and other sj-ortw On Friday last the Dev. A. C. fiilli-s J.-; i , lecture m the Temperance Hall upon " iVo'ii - lit" : iu c.m-e and cure." The chair 're ununited to he taken at lirdf.pa-t ; " which time the hall was well tilled b,r ji v. V, ii, half-.m-hour later i,ef-at Mi Jnhn'puvi.-' V I \ arrived and intro.lu....o il,.. _ . . z '' \- 1 on er i j a uauer iia- patient audience. Although nothii,- ;K v , p.. trod need into n well-wmii , uMe.t, t!„. ,e ""ou t" tin's remaiks were intr -e.iiaL, the pe.'i.iily a, he ecu i hi-.n-eif no: i.i. 10 the lie .oi rate \--'raj.(\ but ,j, wore supphed iu p: ,|,.v ,;.u giii-e Of Wine, ami atiirmed to ,t pel' i i- wa. ei.asiiieen iu l.„:.,(.,n (), ,„ i iiiDporlo. I: feiring to an alb gcd in,-, ' .i-i,'.|CT (.11 the part of a mc-mba of -.he. Victual:.-- ' - l ti"H. he was at a io". howc . or. to li„n' ( ''.(iin" l.y tie, I I, or viutnals i, v i.h.ii he termed iio-,r , mliimitioa a a":, 'v wed. A - a r,>tth.»l of ute for th) r .- , . ij", i-'. ereas ng evil r.f draakei hi; v„ |.i LL, alcoh... ranaeil v.iti; r ; and pi. q ,;,h them tijHiu thechemi-ts !. -, who -i, -.q 1 1 is j Use it as as it was lie. ir-,1. Th- t.,-,i-..- ,r'j frequently iide! riq.t. d hv luqdau---" sr i v' .£ euaeiusoe, of hi- aMre-.; h'eartv v., e , , tba-i-I wa, ..ecu:, led him. The I'ado'iiigton and U'..')!idir:t hrr.i, -1, r.f th- Brdi-u and Foreign itih!...-- ei a v held tl. ira-!,Lvi me. tiiig at the Sei,. p-j,,, ; ... ,.j ,,, l.-iuiv,hij evening. Tire reject of the.. rrt.vh,r the past v car was ;ea.,, : rJso war til 1 olanee- sheet. Dr. f.'i.iig na.v!.,:- -.-| !tnt t lie p ;; and l.ahiire.. ..sheet, u; p.ov -,1 ami a-!opt(il : nn-l that lb- Ilc.lil.s of ihe 111.-, ting i e .given toil,. helvr„b leetors for their exertions during lire ye:o ; and it is resolved to '..(I'ltintic the i'dihiiiegtou ;..id W'.-l- lalira branrh of tire Bible Society." i;.. ,..f .,-.,.,1 to the increased activity in the spread of Pre (h-rel throughout the world. „ |;tv. j |.-ra.r.r secoieled, and it was carried un.-mimoi ly. 1 ha Lev. I. S. Mini movcH ihq np:.i -irii tnu nt >t inittw <»f ihy lirnnch fur tlie fiirili'T.ti;'- M-f the work, whjqh was carried. A (rr:iTnl Scotch rni)o?rt will Lc hH.J at I hi- P ro:- -?- taut Hall to-innrrow cvccini;, iu Ik.ug r of St. Andrew h Pay. J'iiL pro'r.iHjme anLcitroG iuSuur. ilaY'ij apcr, ilw iter. A. U. GiilicM will lecture at iho 'fc:u« perauce Hall on Wcdn.jnd iy evenin g, ojj "Th scicntiiic and tho Scripture testimonies ' to tha oriEHi aud government of nature." The mutual meeting of the Anqlo-Israd A ocint;o» Dikes p'cc this evening at the Tcmperanqr. ifaM.st-S It will lio soon from our advertising colt; ims that Mr. A. Huenerbcin, jun., hart opened the R.t.i! J tanofortc Warehouse, nearly opposite li.-' Roval iloud. George-street. The adjourned meeting of the Kent Fire ConiMRv will he held this evening at tho YoJurrt- er Jlotel. Gcorgc-btruet. ' The committee appointed hy the public mectin" to carry out the resolution to present a /iiifithhi tpsti. inoriia) to Mr, Daniel h»'Conrior, in recognit;«)n of his puhlu: service?, will meet at Punch's Ilooi ;o-morrow ftvemng. 