ST. BARNABAS'S THEOLOGICAL TRAINING COLLEGE. For a considerable time the want of tome training place for persona willing to enter the ministry of the Church of England in thii colonv has been felt, and of late years, owing to tbe demand for clergymen in the diooeae, tho necessity has been a growing one. His Lordship the Binbop has ioug seen the advisability of establishing a Traiuing College, and when ho visited England brought its claims under tha attention of many colonists with considerable success. Tbe result of the assistance offered there ami in the colony is that a building h&a; cow been commenced on a site opposite tbe Cathedral at North Adelaide. A full description of the building, a portion of which only is now to be erected, appeared iu the Jirji.'Ur of Friday. The building is to consist of a centre block and two wirjgs, having gables to the front, the oentre block being surmounted by a ventilating turret, to which the ventilation of the whole building will be carried. Theie will be an entrance hall, 12 feet by 25 feet, from which a staircase will lead to the upper story, and passages right and left to the various studies and bedrooms, each student being pro vided with two rooms. The back portion of the right-hand wing will be taken up with kitchen, scullery, pantry, and backstairs leading up to the caretaker's rooms. There is a hall above, 'JO feet by 33 feet, lighted by a large three-light windowkat the end and two single windows at the side. All tbe rooms have fireplaces, and when complete the building will contain four teen sets, besides ha] I, kitchens, and usual offloes. The portion now to be built, which will cost about £l,9C0, will contain the halls, kitchens, and offices forming the right-hand wing and half of the centre blcck. The building, the style of which is Tudor, has been designed by Mr. D. Garlick, acd is being erected under his superin tendence. Three o'clock on Friday, June 11 — St Barna bas' Day, and the 7Sth birthday of His Lord ship the Bishop — was appointed as the time for the ceremony oi Jayicg tbe fonndation-atone. His Lordship the Bishop, the Venerable Arch deacon Dove, the Rev. Canon Ooombe», and Revs. Dr. Dendy, S. Green, F. T. 'Wbitington, W- G. Harrison, Ooghlan, and W. B. Moore proceeded from the Cathedral to the site of the building, where Lady Jervois and a camber of ladies and gentlemen were assembled. After singing the fiist versa of Hymn 215 the service to be used on such occasions, including a special prayer, was said. A box containing a scroll In Latin, stating that on the day ot the feast of St. Barnabas, June 11, 1S00, the foandation-stone of tbe School of Theology of St. Barnabas was laid by the Bishop of Adelaide, was placed in the nsual recess, and the stone having been lowered into its place, His Lonusmr declared it to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. His LoaDSinv then said the laying of 'the foundation- itone of a small institution foe the teaching of the ne:e*sary learning to those who were to exerciee the functions of the ministry of God's Church might appear to them a kumble work. This, however, was far from the case. In all times the sacred Scriptures had been an objoct of the deepest study in the Church, a» was seen from the history of the Old Testament. When it was thought necessary to keep up the scriptural learning in the ranks of the prophetical body by schools throughout the Levitj cal cities, it would be seen that the work of iMtructing the people to be sot apart for God's ministry was one part of tho Divine counsel for keeping the truth alive in tho hearts of men. Those institutions continued down to tbe dajs of the Rabbit, aud throughout the cap tivity. For 1,500 years there never were wanting holy men instr noted in the Scriptures contained in the books of the Law aud the Prophet*. And they knew how our Lord had sanctioned that body of Holy Writ which was kuown aa tha Law, the Piophets aud the Psalms, when He Himself on the day of the resurrection tJkid with the two disciples, and pointed out to them in the law of Moses and tho P» ilms and the Prophets those pdsinges which had special reft-rence to Himself. The s-stem of teaching to which he had referred continued in tlie early Christian Church and there were Dover wanting holy men to write the history oi tho Church or defend Christ's Loly religion before kings and magistrates, and by thtir addresses to the people advance thu cause of Christ, and ob tain the honour of ni&UYrdom; by standing in opposition t» tae world nudtho devil. After referring to the way in which the work bad been kept up and tho connecting links be tween the religions teaching of the ancient and modern Church, he aaked what produced the Reformation hut the knowledge of tho Scriptures of God. How was it that Wickliffe first startled the public mind of EDgland ? It was by translating the Scriptures' from the learned tougues into English. That same system of making known the treasures of Holy Writ was the real cause which enabled the Reformation to plant itself firmly in the free soil of England, and it was the basis of England's greatness, because it was the basis of England's virtues. It was impossible for any nation to be great unless it was spiritually true and good. The fear of the Lord was the beginning of wisdom and the secret of power. In that power England, under the gcod Queen Elizabeth, had been able to withstand all the force of Spain and hex Armada, snd vindicate the right of tho people to liberty of thought and liberty to read the word of God in their awn tongue. Fiom that day to this, in Oxford and Cambridge and other Universities, the knowledge of the learned tocgues bad been kept up bo that ibey were enabled to fight the good fight of faith and cast down the power of the Papacy, and vindicate for Englishmen and Irish men and Scotchmen tbe right in their own language to read the wonderf ul works of God. And In those dayr, when it was the pride of life that every souL could be educated, und when this colony beasted of a valuable system of public instruction, could the clergy be expected to exercise a proper influence over the minds of the people unless the masses were convinced that they knew more than themselves ? The more the wonders of the creation were laid open to tbe student, the more the intricacies of the moral government of the universe were cleared awav, the fears and doubts in men's minds would sooner bo dispersed, and in order th»t ministers should be able to guide men whose mind* floated on a Bea of speculation it was necessary that the clergy should be able to copo with the men of thought in various walks of science, whether moral or physical. Ignorauce was not their safety ; but the larger, the deeper, the profounder was their knowledge of God's works, the better would the clergy bo enablod to stand firm on the walls of Zior, and put before men the remedy for all sorrows and evils—that Christ, who came iuto the world to give it light. Ho prayed that tliis little institution, tbe foundation-stone of which they had been laying, might under the blessing of God be in strumc-ntal in some degree in forwarding His grc?t work. He was sure that there must be mary persons iu the colony who were unable to return to the great seats of learning in Europe, jet yearned for that education which would fit them for taking holy orders. There were many to whom it was hard to deny that opening to serve their God in their genera tion ; and when they considered that England herself, with her teeming millions, with all her powers, could not overtake the growth of igno rance, in gpite of the great efforts she had put forth in the founding of many missionary dioceses, and when they also looked at the numerous appeals which were being made to her from all parts of the world for ministers, it was foolish and Wind on their part not to take stops to supply the want of ministers by seeking from their own ranks the youpg who were piously disposed, and who would give themselves to the ministry. Aided by brethren from home they might in this way establish a Church which would be able to cope with and vanquish the workers of evil amongst them. He trusted this would be so, and humbly askrd that a bleating might be granted on the work, and he hoped that the hearts of theChurch's friends in the c«lony would be stirred in ita behalf. Here he would say that ho owed a debt of gratitude to many old colonists before whom he had brought the subject when at heme, and who had come forward liberally to help in the work - men not only of the Anglican communion, but of other com munions, who, teeing the necessity, had cheer fully and gladly given their ^ibutions fw the benefit^ not only of the ~lo«f..^t_5j2 r-t,nr/.k r-f Phrigfc lie Jiopeu that tne woric H»1=Scsas£sauusa [°ke the CaU^ral over the way. grow slowly . but surely towards completion-j In «-nclu.!on. beenrcied a hope that the inflation would prove useful to those who were anxious to devote themselves to the promotion of the honour 01 God's name. The proceeding* then terminated. 