[?] Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. BV AMELIA B. EDWARDS, Author of ' Barbara's History,' ' Debenham's Vow,' &c.; [The rigbt of publication in Australasia has been purchased by tbc proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] CHAPTER V.— OVEB THE PASS OF BRACCO. When Lord Brackenbury came back to the point from which he had started, he found Sandro Quaranta-Sette helping to put in fresh horses. So he settled down again into the roomy depths of the yellow caleche, ordered a cup of coffee to be brought out to him, and prepared to resume hie journey. Presently an old, old woman, with scant dishevelled locks and a skin like shrivelled parchment, tottered to the carriage window, mumbling for charity. Lord Brackenbury felt for his purse; but a stalwart fisherman stepped out from among the .bystanders, and drew the crone gently back. 'Pardon, Signore,' he said, hastily; 'we are not beggars, God be praised ! But the Mother is old, and her memory ? He stopped ; touched his cap, and said with a look of Mirprised recognition : — ' Ecco ! The Signore of the Felucca ! ' Lord Brackenbury emiled. 'And you,' he replied, 'are the carpenter who rigged up her bowsprit for me ! That was the beginning of the rough weather, six weeks ago.' ,' The Signore goeB to sea in a cockle-shell when the hurricanes are out, and travels by land in a carriage and lour when waters are smooth and skies are fair ! ' .'Why not? Don't you like wind enough, to fill your sail when you put to sea ? ' The fisherman shrugged his shoulders. 'A little more wind that day, and the Signore would Have been dashed to pieces, boat and all, on the rocks yonder ! A broken neck is not so easy to mend as a broken bowsprit.' 'That is true, my lad,' said Lord Brackenbury ; ' but seeks are as likely to get broken on shore as on sea, when one travels by such roads as these. The next time I pay yoSJ tow? a visiti J shall prefer to come by water.' lhe fisherman laughed. The Signore has left his Felucca in harbour at Genoa 'f ' he asked. Lord Brackenbury shook bis head. v, v^?11 not be alone this coast again for a year,' «r^iie1- ' J haT« parted from the Jfeftwa.' lnat s a pity,' said the fisherman, carrying on his ™'!P °f the conversation with the childlike familiarity cfhiB class. 'She's a sound little craft. If I had money «aough, I would have liked the refusal of her. The Signore M going to La Spezzia?' 41 1 shall paBs through La Spezzia, but I am bound for H°*e« ^lied Lord Brackenbury. j aome i' Ah, I haye a twin sister in Borne whom *.-*fi.noo-8eea for ** y6*™- Bmae iB' a lons way off—1 wish the Signore was taking me with him ! '» nri « P,08*^0118 were by this time in their saddles, «m handro Quarranta-Sette waited his lordship's pleasure ££? - asnal for «tartfag- Mr. Prouting meanwhile jWKeflonmanjaj^ displeasure. Never had he seen his in»mJ ^S?*?* *'?**! 'filing so pleasantly. If there 68 m % m the world that Mr. ProutiDg hated more tlan another— and he hated most things and most people — it was low society. He prided himself on his Conservatism. In Mr. Prouting's eyes, a lord was a lord; a valet was . a, gentleman's gentleman; a fisherman in shirt-sleeves was low society. He almost felt that it was his painful duty to ptf ve warning on the spot. ' And from Rome I go home to England, which is still farther away,' said Lord Brackenbury. ' Rome ! The Signore is not English ? ' ' Surely, I am English.' 11 Diavolo ! The Signore speaks Italian as well as I do!' Lord Brackenbury looked amused. He thought, perhaps, that he spoke it somewhat better. Not only was his that lingua To&cano; in bocca Eomano which a.cultivated foreigner sometimes very nearly succeeds in acquiring; but he spoke fluently the soft, slipshod Neapolitan, the resonant Venetian, the barbarous Bolognese, and even the mongrel Piedmon tese. He had, in fact, made the dialects and folk-lore of Italy his particular study ; and certain well- known trans lations of Canti Popolari in all these dialects which had appeared a few years before in 'The Parthenon' were from bis pen. But this was a secret known only to himself and the editor. Not even his own brother suspected that liord Brackenbury had ever turned a line of verse, except as a school exercise. The postillions, turning half round in their saddles, listened and laughed ; Mr. Prouring, understanding not a -word, looked the picture of outraged dignity ; while Sandro Quaranta-Sette took advantage of the delay to whisper tender nothings in the ear of the black-eyed waitress ?who had brought out LordBrackenbury's coffee. ' If I come this way next year, with a good yacht instead of a carriage,' said Lord Brackenbury, «? I will take you to Civita Vecchia, my lad, and that is only a day's walk from Jtome.' The man's eyes sparkled. lt Will you, Signore V ' he 6aid. ' Is it a promise ? ' ' Assuredly it is a promise— if I come.' ' Ah, but you must come ! ' ' Meanwhile you will drink a flask to my health. Now, drivers — ready.' And Lord Brackenbury, having given back his cup, paid for his coffee, and slipped a parting present into the fisher man's hand, nodded a friendly farewell, and drove away. The man's cheek flushed, and his fingers closed quickly on the coin. The old mother tottered forward. 'What has he given thee, 'Tonio?' Bhe asked, quaver ingly. 'Corpo di Dio!' said Antonio, with a half laugh; so holding his hand that she only could see into the palm. It contained a piece of gold. The new horses were fresh; the post-boys had just dined ; the way was level ; and for the next mile or so the yellow caleche went at a rattling pace between the sands and the sea. Then came the cypress-crowned promontory fcarring the forward view; and then the road wound upwards and landwards, turning away from the coast through a sterile country interspersed with meagre plant ations of cork and ilex. From this point, the ground rose rapidly, and kept rising. Vineyards and olive-groves were fcy and by succeeded by tracts of unrepaying soil where the oxen ploughed toilsomely against the slope. Then came fir-woods— stony wastes relieved here and there by cul tivated patches— wind-swept heights where snow lay in the liollows— here and there a rude crosB, where once upon si time some snow -blinded wayfarer had perished — then, in a sheltered spot some three thousand feet above the sea, a solitary post-house where Sandro Quaranta-Sette stayed to change horses. Hence the road rose again, more and more rapidly, reaching at last a bleak stretch of level summit where a gang of cantonniers were at work clearing the road of newly fallen snow. They had lit a fire in a kind of natural grotto among: the rocks, and had fixed up an olive bough and a rude print of the Madonna, in honour of the Festa. Lord Brackenbury got out and talked to the men while the horses rested; warmed his hands at their fire; tasted their sour wine ; and gave them a handful of small silver at parting. The postboys said to each other that he was a ' brave Signore ; ' but Mr. Prouting was more than'ever .scan dalised. That his master should familiarly chat, and even drink, with rough mountaineers iu sheepskin jackets, was another evidence of that fatal taste for 'low society' ?which so jarred upon Mr. Prouting's finest feelings. Things were bad enough in England, thought Mr. Prouting; to himself ; but they were worse abroad. Often and often, when they were at home at his lordship's place in the north, he had seen his master walking side by side ?with common working- folk— field labourers, sand-carriers, and the like ; Bitting down in their cottages ; talking to them with disgusting familiarity; listening patiently to all their vulgar troubles. There was even an improbable story afloat in the servants' hall to the effect, that one evening last winter, in the midst of a heavy snowstorm, Lord Brackenbury had been seen carrying a pail of water for an old woman who lived somewhere on the edge of the moor. This was mere rumour, however, and for all his experience of Lord Brackenbury's eccentricities, Mr. Prouting could liardly bring himself to believe it. Then, to be sure, these ?were his lordship's own people— a part, bo to say, of bis estates. Here, the case was altogether different. What ?was condescension in England was low taste abroad. Mr. Prouting had no low tastes. His tastes,£en the contrary, ?were lofty, aspiring, aristocratic. Nature, he felt, had intended him for a gentleman. Circumstances had made liim a valet. His brow, he told himself, when he contem plated that feature in the glass, was moulded for a coronet. .A coronet, in fact, would become it far better than it became the brow of Lord Brackenbury. Not that he had ever seen a coronet on Lord Brackenbury's brow ; but that was of no moment. The expression pleased him, as a figure of speech ; and he liked to dwell upon it. He also considered that he looked ten times more a lord than Lord Brackenbury. He ?was no taller, for Lord Brackenbury's cast-off clothes fitted liira perfectly; but his whiskers were bushier, and his bearing, in his own opinion was more dignified. In a word, Sfr. Prouting[flattered himself, that he had ' the grand air,' and that Lord Brackenbury had it not. Besides, it was not merely a question of manner or appearance, but of social proclivities. Mr. Prouting was intensely exclusive. No power on earth would have induced bim, for instance, to associate with servants in livery, or to give his arm to a housemaid. He would no more have earned a pail of water for an old woman, or have drunk eour wine out of a cracked mug with a gang of Italian cantonniers, than he would have eaten his head. Seeing liow Lord Brackenbury 'bemeaned' himself, how wanting lie was .in everything like a proper sense of what was due to liis position, Mr. Prouting shook his head at Fate, and asked her what she meant by installing bis master in the .yellow caleche, with a handle to his name and twenty thousand a year to his rent-roll, while she consigned hini eelf, Samuel James Prouting, to the rumble ? The long bleak ridge, the snowy summit, the friendly cantonniers, were presently left behind. The road, begin ning to descend, turned the shoulder of an overhanging fcluff. Then, bristling with the bill tops and furrowed with ?valleys, a vast panorama, obscured to the seaward by driving mists, and ending landwards in a ghost-like chain of jagged marble peaks, opened out ahead as suddenly as a scene is disclosed by the rising of a drop-curtain. And now, the horses being in good condition and used to the work, the yellow caleche went at a swinging pace down a fine road that wound and doubled and zig-zagged daringly along the mountain-side. The last snowdrifts -were soon left far above, and the first belt of sparse vegeta tion and wind-tormented firs was reached again. The land scape varied with every turn of the road. Vineyards, and chestnut-woods, and olive-slopes showed green and gray in the valleys below ; and where the mists parted, shifting glimpses of blue sea, now here, now there^ were suddenly revealed, and again as suddenly bidden. Down into the teeth of the storm the road plunged pre sently, and they reached the next post-house in a whirl of rain and sleet. The horses were taken out, splashed and reeking, and replaced by four fresh from the stables. The post-boys touched their hats for a liberal gratuity ; the new ones jumped into their saddles; Sandro Quaranta Sette lit a fresh cigarette ; Mr. Prouting followed suit with a cigar ; and they were off again. They had now been many hours on the road* and the sun, gleaming through mist as the storm broke and passed, was fast dropping westward. Still winding, still descending, the road led down through scant chestnut woods and farm i jandu, and over another anda lower paes, to a large rambling ' village among the hille, where they again stopped to change horses.' ? . The carriage drew up before a clean-looking inn ; land lord, landlady, and an elderly waiter in rusty black, waiting at the door to receive them. 'Borghetto, Signore mio,' said Sandro Quaranta-Sette, presenting an obsequiously smiling face at the carriage door. 'We are at Borghetto.' Lord Brackenbury, who was reading, looked up from his book. 'Borghetto?' he said. ' What of Borghetto ? I had hoped it was Spezzia.' *- Ah, Dio ! Signore, we are still twenty-five kilometres from La Spezzia, and we have been travelling since seven this morning. At this season, when the days are shoit, many travellers sleep at Borghetto. Here, at the Hotel Europa, are good rooms, good beds, and a good cook.' Lord Brackenbury shook his head. ' No, no,' he said, ' we must go on.' ' But, Signore, the sun will be set in three-quarters of an hour or so, and it will be dark before we get in ! ' ♦'What of that ? You have a good road and fresh horses. Still the vetturino persisted. The landlord of the Europa was his particular friend, and kept in his cellar a certain choice vintage for which Sandro Quaranta-Sette enter tained an especial weakness. ' But, my honoured Signore,' he urged in his most per suasive and deferential tone, ' the hotel is as good — nay, it is better, than the hotel at La Spezzia ; and .... Lord Brackenbnry frowned. '* I have told you to go on,' he said, authoritatively. ' My arrangements are made. Be good enough to get your horses in as quickly as possible.' With this he pulled up the window, and returned to his book. That bis commands should be disputed, though never so deferentially, was something new and unheard of. As for the anxious and disappointed faces at the hotel door, he did not even see them. Sandro Quaranta-Sette drew back, looking very blank and disconcerted. He, however, shrugged his shoulders, ordered out the relay, and hurried in to drink a bottle of his favourite vintage before starting. ' He is a mule, this English milordo ! ' he said, shaking himself in his wet coat, like a big doer. ' He must go on to La Spezzia, forsooth, day or dark, storm or fair ! 'Tib nothing to him, if we outside are drenched and shivering.' And, with the amiable ferocity of Italian blood, he wished, as he poured out a tumblerful of the rich red wine, that the usual vague accidentc might befall Lord Bracken bury before twenty-four hours should have passed over his head. The horses were soon in, the bottle soon emptied, and amid much lamentation on the part of the landlady, and much valedictory shouting on the part of Sandro and his friend the landlord, the yellow calcc/ie set off again in the teeth of a driving rain. It was, however, but the tail of the 6torm ; and although a rolling sea of vapour surged overhead and blotted out all but the lower mountain slopes, the rain presently ceased, or nearly ceased, in the valleyB. Still descending, the road followed the course of a swollen torrent, and entered a long ravine closed in on either side by terraced vineyards and hanging chestnut woods. The mists brooded so low, the ravine was so tortuous, the dusk was so rapidly drawing on, that there was little to see in any direc tion ; but Lord Brackenbury. tired of reading, opened die window on the torrent side, and watched the scenery with 6ome interest. Presently he put his head out, and bade the post-boys stop. ' How far are we now from La Spezzia ? ' he asked. Sandro Quaranta-Sette, tumbling somewhat sleepily down from the box, guessed the distance at between eight and ten kilometres. ' A good road all the way ? ' ' As good as here, Signore.' ' A straight road ? ' ' Not so very straight, Signore. No straighter than it is here.' ' I mean, are there no cross-roads— no turning ? Does it lead direct to La Spezzia ? ' 'Direct, Signore. We go on and on, and down and down, always— and at the end we come to La Spezzia.' ' Good. You may open the door. I will walk the rest of the way.' 'Walk, Signore ! So far— at this hour ? ' Lord. Brackenbury folded down the page he had last been reading, dropped his book into one of the carnage-pockets, and got out. ' You can drive on,' he said. ' I shall arrive soon after you. I am cramped and cold, and shall walk quickly.' ' -Nay, Signore, we had better go at the Signore' s pace. It will pour again presently, and. . . .' Lord Brackenbury interrupted him impatiently. ' I am used to all weathers,' he said; ' and I cannot possibly lose my way. Then, turning to his valet: — ' You will see that there are good fires in all the rooms, Prouting,' he said, ' and order dinner immediately. You may also inquire at the post-office for letters.' Mr. Prouting, who was preparing to follow his master, touched his hat, and hesitated. ' Hadn't I better walk also, my lord ? ' he asked. ' Certainly not. You will go forward, and have all ready by the time I come.' 'But, Signore,' exclaimed the Vetturino, 'it is too dark — too late — too solitary ! ' Lord Brackenbury turned upon him eharplj. 'What do you mean by 'too solitary?' You told me yesterday the roads were safe. Are they safe, or are they not safe V ' ?? Certainly, Signore— Bafe as the streets of Genoa. Yet for all that — -' Lord Brackenbury cut him short with a hasty gesture. ' Here, Prouting,' he said, ' you may give me the small revolver, though it is quite unnecessary. And now, my good fellow, drive on and get to La Spezzia as fast as you can.' So saying, he put the pistol in his breast-pocket, buttoned bis overcoat to the throat, pulled his hat well down over his eyes, and prepared for a brisk walk. Mr. Prouting and Sandro Quaranta-Sette scrambled back into their places, and post boys cracked their whips, and the carriage rattled off as before. ' He walks like a mountaineer, your mi-lordo Inglese,' said Sandro Quaranta-bette in the driving seat to Mr. Prout ing in the rumble. Mr. Prouting, comprehending the look though not the words, glanced back, and saw his master folio wing at a rapid pace. Then came a turn in the road, and presently, as Lord Brackenbury again emerged into sight, another turn ; and after that they saw him no more. Meanwhile the weather cleared. The mists broke, and a crimson flush flooded the western sKy. Then Sandro Quaranta-Sette wrapped himself in his rug, and took up his pap at the point where it had beeninterrupted. Mr. Prout ing, solicitious for bis precious lungs, h't another cigar to keep out the damp. And so, to the dull bass of the torrent and the shrill treble of the wind in the tree- tops, the yellow caliche sped on through glowing sunset and fast- gathering twilight, leaving Lord Brackenbury farther behind with every turn of the wheels. Chat-teh VI.— Mi-loud is late. The arrival of Sandro Quaranta- Sette with his four post horses and his empty carriage, created an unwonted excite ment at the Hotel Croce di Malta ; the Croce di Malta being at that time the only good hotel in La Spezzia, and La Spezzia but a small town at the head of a very beautiful and solitary bay, where there were neither dockyards, nor arsenals, nor ironclads, nor anything but splendour of sea and sky, and glory of mountains, and the memory of a poet's funeral pyre. It was not that travellers were few or post-horses rare. It was that Sandro Quaranta-Sette was known to be a patron of the rival inn at Borghetto. Wherefore the twin brothers Marco and Bruno Bernardo, who kept the Croce di Malta, hailed his appearance as indicative of a possible change of policy, and were profuse in their greetings accordingly. If there was one customer whom they had especially coveted ever since taking the hotel, it was Sandro Quaranta Sette. If there was one turn-ont upon the road which they had admired more than another, it was the yellow caleche. To welcome that caleche to their stables, and Sandro to their hearth and cellar, had long been the one drop wanting to the cup of theirprosperity. Ana now, what happens ! lie waB come, bringing with him a mi-lord Inglese ! Their best rooms, their choicest wines, everthing they possessed, was at Signore Sandro's command. Mi-lord's valet? Mi-lord's luggage? Mi lord himself? How? Following on foot? Alone? Heavens ! What eccentricity ! Ho, there, Guiseppe-^Giannino— Pietro ! This way— this way ! Upstairs with mi-lord's luggage ! Fires in every room of the first floor. Pile on the logs and the fir cones— light the candles ! Bid the cook prepare the best dinner he can send to table ! And now Signore Sandro .and Signore Mi- lord's valet must come into the office and drink a bottle of the best ! Thus with ' issimi ' in profusion, the twin landlords (big, burly, black-bearded young fellows) both welcomed Sandro Quaranta-Sette and Mr. Prouting; and all fou enjoyed a pleasant quarter of an hour over their bottle. Then Mr. Prouting went to the post-office; brought back a letter addressed in the well-known handwriting of ' Mr. Lancelot,' his master's brother ; attended to the fires ; and laid out a change of clothing against his lord's arrival. These duties performed, he went down again and joined the idlers at the door — those inevitable idlers who bang about the doorway of every Italian country inn, one of whom is sure to be the apothecary and another the barber. Hither also came Sandro Quaranta-Sette, having first seen to the housing and scrupulous cleansing of the yellow caleche ; and with him two other Vetturini whose travellers were staying at the hotel. Of their chatter, Mr. Proutipg understood not one syllable ; but they made way for him politely and looked pleasant; and they were at all events company. 'What weather !' said the barber, putting bis head out side for a moment, and drawing it again with a jerk. ' It has begun to rain again.' ' What weather ! ' echoed Sandro Quaranta-Sette, with a shrug and shiver. '* He gets a cold bath gratis to- night, our English Signore.' ' The English love rain. It is their native element,' said the apothecary, who was tall and thin and all in black, end wore a crape band to his hat, as if in memory of patients departed. ' They say it always rains in England,' remarked one of the Vetturini. The apothecary shook his head. He was the learned man of the place. ' Not so,' he said sententiously. ' They divide their year in two seasons — seven months' rain and five months' fog. It is very dismal ! ' ' Oh, very dismal ! ' echoed everybody but Mr. Prouting. ' Then the blessed sun never shines at all over there,' exclaimed the barber. ' By Bacchus ! never ! The rich Inglese come here to see it,' ' So ?— that accounts for the travellers we get. Well— I never knew that before.' The apothecary smiled loftily. ?' All phenomena are simple when we knew their causes and the laws by which they are governed,' he said, wisely. Then turning to Sandro Quaranta-Sette, ' Where did you leave your mi-lord, Signore Sandro ? ' he asked. ' Auout half-way between the old bridge and Grassi's mill.' 'How long ago?' Sandro looked at his watch. 'Well — longer than I had supposed. I was going to say an hour ago ; but it must be quite an hour and a half. We parted company at half -past four o'clock.' The apothecary pulled out his watch; Mr. Prouting pulled out his; the two Vetturini pulled out theirs ; the barber, who had no watch, peeped into the office and looked at the clock over the mantelpiece. 'Past six,' said the apothecary. ' Itis not more than nine kilos from here to Grassi's mill,' said the barber. ' A man nniBt walk slowly, to be an hour and a half walk ing nine kilometres,' said one of the Vetturini. Sandro Quaranta-Sette looked puzzled. ' He walks well,' said he. ' He walks fast. I should have thought he would be here before now.' Mr. Prouting looked from one to another of the speakers. He knew they were talking about his master. ' Surely my lord is late r ' he said. To which Sandro replied with his whole stock of English:—' All right.' ' It may be all right, you know, and it may be all wrong,' said Mr. Prouting, thinking of the diamonds in Lord Brackenbury's travelling belt. ' Can my lord have missed his way ?' Sandro called Bernardo Bruno, the young landlord, who had been a courier and spoke English. He listened, looked grave, and declared that to miss one's way, there being neither cross-road nor turning was impossible. ' It is not impossible to miss one's footing and fall info the torrent,' said the apothecary, ominously. ' It is an accident that has never happened in my time,'* replied Bruno; 'and I have known hundreds of darker evenings than this.' ' A man must be blind to miss his footing between the old bridge and La Spezzia,' said the Vetturino who had last spoken. ' It is one of the best roads in Italy.' ' Have you many bad characters in these parts ? ' asked Mr. Fronting, his thoughts still turning to the dia monds.' ' We have no brigands, if that is what you mean,' said Bruno Bernardo. ' But we are alarming ourselves for nothing. It was daylight when the Signore got out to walk and it was not yet quite dark when the carriage stopped at this door. Nothing can possibly have happened. He will be here directly. Let us talk of something else.' They did talk of something eke— of the fete at Genoa ; of the epidemic at Carrara: of the marriage of a certain Conte Cadolinghi at Sarzana ; but the conversation soon flagged , and was followed by an uneasy silence. 'It is hall-past six, ' said the barber presently. ' Then it is time we took lanterns and went to look for him,' said Bruno Bernardo. Some few minutes were spent in fetching the lanterns and putting in the candles. Meanwhile Sandro Quaranta-Sette looked out a strong rope, which he wound about his body. The others took staves and bludgeons, and the two Bernard! shouldered their fowling-pieces. Then, followed by all the men, boys, and stable-helps about the place, they set out in the direction of the pass. They had the miBt and the wind at their backs; but it was so dark that, despite their lanterns, they could scarcely tee their way for more than a couple of yards ahead. A dis agreeable night even for those who carried Lanterns and were familiar with every inch of the road; but worse for a stranger ignorant of the country, and travelling in the oppo site direction. ' I had not thought it was so dark,' said Sandro Quar ante- Sette. The elder shook his head. ' We ought to have had the lights out sooner,' said the younger. Their way led for some distance under the walk of a long: succession o'f olive-gardens ; the olive at La Spezzia, like the orange at Sorrento, being the staple growth of the place. Presently, as the valley narrowed, the rush of the torrent became audible; but neither the water below, nor the height above, nor anything but the wet road and the rain-pools under their feet were visible in the glimmer of die lanterns. At every hundred yards or so they paused — shouted— ' listened ; then went on again ; then stopped and shouted and listened as before. Tramping along thus ; carrying their lanterns low; examining every foot of the road; pausing at every fancied round ; staring into the darkness on either side ; now and then exchanging a hurried word of warning or misgiving ; looking* and seeing nothing ; listen ing and hearing nothing ; getting more wet, more muddy more anxious, more bewildered the farther they went and the later it grew, they came at last to the place called Grassi's mill, about a mile from the old bridge, and haifa mile from the ppot at which Lord Brackenbury alighted. 'He must be down yonder,' said Sandro Quaranta Sette, coming to a halt. ' Something must have happened — aepiain, or a slip— and he found his way down 'to the mill.' Now the mill lay low by the torrent-side, a hundred feet or eo below the level of the road. There were two ways of getting down to it ; the one a rough cart-track, the other a steep but more direct footpath. Mr. Prouting and the apothecary, not caring to damage I their broadcloth among bushes and* briars, went round by | the cart-track. Sandro Quaranta-Sette, the brothers . Bemardi, and the others took the shorter way. 