BOXING DAY. The amusements of this famous holiday are very varied, and will doubtless each and all be well attended. The lovers of athletic sports will fied the B.C.C. ANNUAL GATHERING on the Eastern Oral well worth? attendance. The club has invariably carried out its sports well, and this year's will, we believe, be no exception to the rule. The list of events on the programme, and the number of competitors, who - have accepted, give promise of a most successful meeting. The Pony Race, which, it will be remembered, proved so attractive last year, is again on the card,'- and the Bicycle Race, in three events, for which the handsome prize of 20 sovs is offered, has induced several of the Melbourne bicyclists to enter, so that this race should prove one of the; moat attractive on the pro gramme. The usual. Christmas Handicap, in four events, of 57 sovs, is again offered; also the One-mite Handicap, the Hurdle Race, and the Walking • Match, for all of which close contests are anticipated. There are, alto gether, seventeen events on the card. A band, under the direction of Mr'Prout, will discourse music during tbs day.- As there is a general lore forathletics on the part of the Victorian public, we anticipate seeing the Oval thronged. ■ v , • THE WESTERN OVAL Will be the scene of an attractive gathering, amongst the features of which will be a grand hurling match between representatives of the Ballarat and Ormond and Ararat and Stawell Hurling Clubs. A temperance procession, Under the direction of Father Henneberiy, will also take place. . ." • \ BUNIN YONG RACES. The' annual races of the Buninyong Turf Club will be held at the Borough Fork, and lovers of horse racing will be able to spend a pleasant day there. There are very good fields for the principal events. Races will also take place at , HAPPY VALLEY, In aid of the Springdallah and Linton Relief Fund. The programme is a good one, and visitors are assured of a hearty welcome. ILLABAROOK. ’ Sports are. also to take place, at this town ship, and will, doubtless, -be well attended by residents in the district. In the evening the production of the panto mime .and first > appearance ,of Jonas’ troupe will be the attractions. At . • THE ACADEMY OF MUSIC Aurifen, the Enchanted Isle, or Harlequin Little Jack Washington and the Man in the- Moon" : will be performed. The panto mime has been. written and specially adapted to. ;Ballarat by Mr. A.-. T. Seal. .This is the first, attempt at dra matic. authorship made by Mr Seal, and he has 'succeeded in '.weaving-.a' romantic story in the true, spirit, of extravaganza, i Few public men and institutions escape comment, and doubtless the “hits" will excite great merriment.- The. management have gone to great expense and trouble* to produce the pan tomime in firet-clasa style, and have engaged some ot the very best-burlesque'and panto mimic actors, and' actresses to carry out their design. The scenery, including a panorama of Ballarat from the earliest days till the present time, will, we are informed, be unusually beau tiful and mtrvelloua . \ • . • , MECHANICS’ INSTITUTE. ; Professor Jonas* unique entertainment deal ing with the ghostlike and -'.weird,'' will be pre ■ented before-V Ballarat audience-for the first time on. Monday evening. -During the past week extensive preparations have been made in the "Mechanics* Institute for the reception of this company. .The etage has been enlarged, m order to allow of. the “ ghost" apparatus being pUoed in position. In addition to.the illusion portion of the enter tainmsnl ie a _ most excellent company of '“eluding auch well-known singers aa J* I *?** ! 00 , 1 *™ 1 , Lane, Maud’ Waltobf May I Vivian/aad Meesra Florence and Brown.. The : attraclivo.and varied,- and “ concert;... Combined-with, ah anlifely novel sensation shah as the “Ghost Illusion, does not draw a good house it will certainly net he because the entertainment furnished lacks in that which goes to make up an.excellent night’s pleasure. Included in the programme will be that, essentially Christmas treat, a pantomime, in which anch wondrous feata of of agility and pnzriing metamorphose* will be introduced as will, we have no doubt oauee even the moat ascetic to grow mirthful and be merry.,., , , . . GERMAN GATHERING, ri * rom Fatherland are tomeet at tha Dutch Hairy hotel at a aocial evening, the r ex*ot character of; which’ English readers may ascertain upon perusal of the announcement advertised elsewhere. OTHER AMUSEMENTS In abundance will also be provided, and there is every reason to hope that holiday makers will find ample means of pleasurable entertain. ment during the Christmas holidays of ISBO, 