JUST AS I AM Br tub Acthor op " Lady Audley's Secret," "Taken at the Flood," "A Strakgb World," "Dead AIen's Shoes," " Weavebs and Wept," &c.;, &c.; Chapter IK. continued).— Guilty. Then came tho solemn clcrisg act of tho day. The jndgo Dut on the black cap and addressed the prisoner. Coldly, gravely, ho Tcmindod tho Bhlrcring wretch of tho msgnituda of his crime, and told him what his fatewaste be. Therehad been no recommendation to mercy from tho jury. There was no hint of a possible commutation of the sentence from the jungo. Tho short winter day had worn to its closo beforo this climax was reached ; wax candles had been lighted here and thero, and the yellow flames were reflected on tho black oak panelling aa in turbid water. The faces in the crowded conrt had all tho samo wan Btrained look in tho dim and un equal light. Thero wcro Btrango effects of light and shade, as in s picture by Rembrandt. The figures of tho officials moving to and fro in tho dusk had a goblin look. The judge projected a monstrous shadow of his wig and gown upon tho ceiling. The dark crimscn draperies looked black, as if tho court had been draped for a funeral. Mrs. Aspinsll shook out tho sable tails of her raantlo and gavo a shuddering sigh. " I had no idea the trial of n poor common creature could bo mado so interesting," she said to Sir Everard Courtenay, who Bat near her. "How wonderfully clever those counsel are, nnd how warmly they enter into it, just as if they really cared what became of tho poor creflture, don't you know ? But I'm rather glad it's all over, ns I ordered my carriage for four o'clock, and thoso poor chcsnuts of mino must have been shivoring for the last three- quarters of an hour. Would it bo too much for mo to askyoutosco me through the crowd ?" "I shall bo delightod," said Sir Evorard. "Your pretty little daughter ought to havo been here to-day," observed the frivolous matron. " She has lost a treat." " I should ho very sorry for my daughter to sco such a terrible scene:" - " But really now ; it was all so quiotly done, nnd those counsel aro such gentlemanly crea tures. Thero was nothing to offend tho most sensitive mind. "Perhaps not; hut I am glad Dulcio was out of it," replied Sir Everard, gravely. "AIny I offer you my arm ?" Ho led tho lady to her carriage, which was waiting in front of the assize court. " Shall I drive you homo?" asked Airs. Aspi nal), when sho was seated in her snug brougham. " It won't bo far out of my way to go through Austhorpe." '' You ara very good, but I havo my horse hero, and I must ride homo as fast as I can to dress for tho Sheriff's dinner." " You aro going to dino with Sir Nathaniel ?" " Yes, I am to meet tha judge and the leading counscL" " And you will havo a delightful opportunity of talking over tho trial. I quite envy you. Shall you ride home by Austhorpe-laiie, past tho scono of the murder ?" " Naturally, since that is tho shortest way and tho beet road." " Have you not a vague fear of seeing Walter Bioko's ghost aa you pass tho spot to-night ?" "I have passed tho spot any tlmo for tho last twenty years, and have seen no ghost." " But this ovening, when your mind is full of tho poor man, might not imagination conjure up his imago ?" " I leave tho enjoyment of a vivid imagination to your moro imprcssionablo sex, Mrs. Aepinall. Mine is not lively enough to shapo poor Blake's ghost out of tho mists of ovening." " Shadows to-night have struck mere terror to the bouI of Richard than can the substunco of ton thousand soldiers," quoted Airs. Aspinall, laugh ingly. " Are you mado of sterner stuff than crook-backed Dick ? But you have not his guilty conscience, and that makes all tho difference. When aro you going to bring Dulcio to dine with mo V " Whenovor you liko to ask us." "But that is always. You havo a standing invitation to drivo over and dine at the Towers in a friendly impromptu way; and you never como. You are asked to formal dinners, and you b&vo; always some excuse for refusing. Yon aro a positiro hermit." " I own to a love of my own firesldo, but I like pleasant society also. May I bring Dulcie to morrow, if you are going to be at homo ?" "I shall bo charmed." "Tho usual quarter to eight, I supposo ?" " Yes ; good night. I am so' glad." They shook hands, and tha brougham drovo -jgff, leaving Sir Everard standing in front of the Assize Court, tho observed of tho littlo crowd waiting to sco tho notabilities como out. He walked briskly off to tho Peacock to gcthis.horse, and found Alorton Blako in tho stable yard, on the same errand. " Well, Alorton, are you satisfied now?" ho asked. " Yes, I suppose I um satisfied, and yet I have a curious feeling of incompleteness in tho wholo thing, as if there were something yet want ing — as if wo had reached only a preliminary stage in tho discovery of the truth. Can thero ho anything behind, do you think, Sir Everard ? Had this man any accomplice ? Was ho tho tool of a greater villain ?" " Aly dear Alorton, tlio whole story seems very obvious and commonplace to tho last degree — a starving wrotch by tho wayside — brutal ised by ignorance and want — ready to commit any crime in order to prolong his worthless life." " Aly mind haB been troubled by tho counsel's suggestions of a deeper motivo — a mystery under lying tho apparently commonplace story." " Aly dear fellow, tho counsel was paid to talk. Ho had to set up soma kind of defenco to suggest a doubt whero thero was no room for doubt. Having no case, and being a man of small cxperi- ' cnce, ho indulged his oratorical powers at tho oxpenso of common sense. Shall wo ride homo together J" "If you please." Their horses had been brought out by this time.- They mounted and rode under the old archway, beneath which so many a stage coach had rattled and rumbled in the days before rail ways. Thoy rodo slowly through tho narrow town to tho wide high-road, bordered on each sido by grassy strips of waste land, from which Austhorpo- lane diverged. They rode at a sharp trot after they left tho town, and only pulled up their horses as they ap proached Blatchmardcan copse, near the scene of the murder. "Aly dear Alorton, it grieves me to see you so oppressed," said Sir Everard, as they walked gently post the littlo wood. " All has been done that can bo done. Justico is satisfied. Why should the loss and sorrow of twenty years ago, the grief of your childhood, bo suffered to cloud your manhood with gloom. It is hardly fair to my poor littlo Dulcio that you should so abandon your mind to one all-absorbing idea. Sho has had very little happiness from your society sinco her last sad birthday." "Yes, I know I am wrong," answered the younger man, " I havo brooded too much upon the post. But now, as you say, justico will bo done. I ought to be satisfied. I fancy that no son, whose father — a loving and beloved father- died as mine died, could ever completely put aside his grief for that loss. But I will not yield in an unmanly way to that morbid feeling. Aly father is avenged. That ought to be enough for me. I hope you understand that through all tho troublo and excitement of the last six weeks my love for Dulcie has not been a jot tho less real and trao bccaaso I have kept myself aloof from her. I would not cloud her fair young life with my sor row, and I could not tuke lifo lightly or plea santly during that period of suspense. To-night I will put all trouble out of my mind, and will make myself happy in ray darling's society." This was said with a manly frankness, . of which Sir Everard could but approve. They had passed tho scene of the murder wVilo Morton was speaking, and his companion saw tho young man's shrinking glance at tho weedy ditch, tho steep bank, and the pollard oak above it, whoso bare branches stood sharply out against tho gray ovening sky, a perpetual sign to mark the fatal spot. What a happy evening that was for gentle Dulcie. She was near tho gate waiting for licr father's coming, as tho two men rodo into tho avenue, a graceful little figure in a furred jacket, with tho pale gold of her hair just visible under a coquettish littlo fur hat. Alorton alighted quickly, and was by her tide I before sho had recovered from her surpriso at j teeing him. " I thought you wcro never coming here any | more," she said, it being something less than a I week sinco his lost visit. I Published hy special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. " I did net care to come often while I had trouble on my mind, Dulcie. But now it is all over, I am your slave again." _ " Is tho poor man going to be hanged ? asked Dulcie. "Yes." " I am '"» — " sho was going to s 37 sorry» checked herself, warned hy Morton s angry glance, and slipped her hand lightly under his arm as they walked sido by side to tha house. " I am glad your suspense and trouble aro over, sho concluded. "Wo hare only half-an-hour to spend with you, Dulcio," said Sir Everard. " I havo to dress for tho sheriffs dinner, and I daresay ton is anxious to get home and tell his people the result of tho trial." . „ "I am never anxious to leave Dulae, answered Alorton, "but I havo no doubt my womenkind are impatient for tidings. M "I shall just hare time to give you some tea, said Dulcie. " Poor things, how tired and worn out you must lie. Did you get any lun cheon?" , "There was an interval for luncheon, hut neither Alorton nor I ato any. " " Then you shall havo somo sandwiches. - Out cook has a particular talent for sandwiches. Bbe is almost as good as a German. I suppose you know that the Germans have a hundred and fifty different kinds of sandwiches, Alorton ?' "I blush to say that I was unaware of their profound art in that lino?" "Oh, they aro a great people. Tho greatest Egyptologists, fiddle-playera and cooks in tho world." "Provided always that you liko German cookery," said Alorton. Dulcie was in high spirits, delighted at getting her lover back again, forgetting for once in her lifo to bo sorry for a woo that camo within her ken. She gave Scroope her orders about the tos. It was to bo something sumptuous in the way of afternoon teas. Thero were to bo sandwiches and cake, and somo of thoso gropes which wcro just now in their highest boauty. Thero was a noble fire of logs in Dulcio's room, a blaze that lit up tho pots and pans and dark oak wails and japaneso cabinets and high-art piano. Tho double octagon table was drawn near the hearth, the tea tray was there already, an old silver circular tray, on a fringed crimson and white damask cloth. Everything that wasn't Japaneso was early English, or at least as early as Queen Anne's time. Never did a room look prettier or moro comfortablo on a cold winter evening. Alorton went to his favorite chair in the sha dowy corner screened by the angle of the pillared chimneypiece, and seated himself with an air of ufitttalificd enjoyment. Ho forgot everything except that he was with Dulcie. Sir Everard sank into his deep armchair With out a word. Ho left tho young people to ho happy after their ojvn manner. Bat with Dulcio her father was always foremost. "How tired you look, dearest," she said loan ing over him and taking his hand, "and how feverish your hand is, Such a long day, and tho rido homo in tho cold, havo been too much for you." "Yes, doar, I am rather tired. Tho atmos-- phoro of tho court was horrible, enough to cloud any man'b brain. No wonder there is a good deal of nonaense talked in law courts occasionally. Tho counebl aro half asphyxiated. Don't look so anxious, Dalcic, I nm only tired. There is nothing elso amiss with me." " You had better 'not go to tho dinner, father." " Aly lovo, the dinner will do mo good. I want tho ro-action of lively society after the gloom of to- day." " Do you mean that tho judge and the counsel will bo lively, papa — tho judgo, after having con demned a man to bo hanged ?" " Do you think they ought to bo in mourning for him, Dulcie, or that tho judge should wear tho black cap at dinner?" "No, papa, hut I cannot imagine any judgo with proper feeling going into society and making merry after having doomed a man to death." " Poor Dulcie. Tho judges aro mado of harder stuff than little girls liko you. They go into society, and eat and drink, and talk wisely or wittily, as tho case may be ; and I believe tho hanging judges always eat tho best din ners." Dulcio sighed, and began to pour out tho tea. Alorton, who in her smiles had forgotten ail his troubles, did ample justico to tho German sand wiches nnd hothouse grapes, and drank nume rous cups of tea — or perhaps, as tho pretty Japanese cups were very small and shallow, it may bo said that he drank ono dish of tea in severai instalments. Sir Everard would eat nothing. Ho lay back in his chair, silont, pros trate, after tho oxcitcment of tho day. Chapter X. — A Superior Woman. Tho honorablo Alra. Aspinall was a lady who had mado the journey of lifo with a fixed deter mination of always taking the lead of her fellow- travellers. ' Sho had occupied tho box seat on tho coach, as it were, and had required an extra amount of attention from coachman and guard. Sho had such a boundless faith in her own supe riority that sho had finally succeeded in making other people belieroit too. ' ' Thisman will do great things," said Alirahean of Robespierre, " beeauso ho believes in himself." Mrs. Aspinoll's high estimation of her own merits had enabled bor to roach tho top of that particular trco on which she desired to perch, nnd once having gained her place sho knew how to keep it. Sho was not the wealthiest or tho most aristo cratic woman in tho county. Sho was neither the handsomest nor tho cleverest ; but, by adopt ing a leading tone, by talking of horsolf always as if sho wcro first and foremost, by tho calm arroganco with which she put down other pcoplo and asserted her own opinions, sho had contrived to achieve social leadership. Sho had invested herself with tho regal mantle and put on tho crown, nnd nobody had the courage, or perhaps tho inclination, to pluck them off. Of tho lady's hereditary, claim to distinction society know very littlo. Tho honorable Thomas As pinall, as a younger son of Lord Rivcrsdale, was a sprig of nobility; but his wife Sir Bernard Bnrko doscribed briefly as Cal- pburnia, younger daughter of Patrick O'Ryan, Esq., Holly-hill,' county Cork. This might moan anything or nothing, said sooiety, slavishly submitting to pretensions for which it conld discover no adequate basis. Tho honourable Thomas had gono to his place in tho family vault fifteen years ago, and Airs. Aspinall had enjoyed all the privileges of unfottered widowhood during that time. Sho had no children to occupy her timo and mako her ac quainted with care, to spongo upon her limited income and remind people of her ago by their ridiculously rapid growth. Sho was froo to live her own lifo, and her lifo was essentially selfish. Sho had not been unflattored by matrimonial offers during this long widowhood, but among her various suitors there had boon no ono ablo to givo her a better position than she enjoyed as a widow ; and the deaf adder was never moro indifferent to tho voice of tho charmor than was Mrs. Aspinall to tho pleading of a lover who had no substantial advantages to sustain his suit. Her incomo was not large, hut it just sufficed, with careful management, for tho lady's personal wants, and enabled her to head aU thoso sub scription lists which havo a local importance, and are seen by everybody. She had tho use for her life of Aspinall Towers, a roomy old houso in a park of considerable extent, hut sparsely tim bered, the late Lord Riveredale having eonsid erably "denuded his various seats and manors of such useless excrescences as oaks and bocches. Tho houso was big, and draughty, and cold. It had been last furnished early in tho reign of Georgo tho Third, and the chairs and tables wero all of that angular and spindle-legged . character which is now accepted ns your only beauty in cabinetmakers' work. Airs. Aspinall declared that everything had been mado by tho renowned Chippendale ; and sho rejoiced inwardly at a revolution in tasto which enabled her to be in the height of tho fashion without putting her hand in her pocket to buy anything new. Even tho faded coloring of her curtains and chair covers, and a kind of pallid mouldiness which pervaded everything in tho house, was artistic ; and Airs. Aspinall had tho satisfaction of saving monoy whilo sho sneered at tho glowing crimson and peacock greens to be found iu the mansions of the newly rich. On tlio morning after the trial Airs. Aspinall began to busy herself at an early hour with her preparations for that friendly littlo dinner which Sir Everard Conrtcnay had promised to eat with her. Although essentially selfish and self-indul gent, she was not lazy. No idlo person could liavo acquired the position she had taken upon herself or maintained it upon her narrow means. Sho liked work. Sho had a tremendous stock of energy which had to bo got rid of somehow. She ound as much enjoyment ia an active life, a per- petnol movingto and fro — managing, calling, letter- writing — as women of lymphatic temper find in sitting in a soft nest beside the fire, reading a novel. To-day sho had much to do in a few hours. Sho wanted this dinner of to- night to to as pleasant as it was possiblo for a dinner to be. Sho had been trying her hardest — and sho wae a woman of exceptional persistency — to gct Sir Everard and hi3 daughter to tlio Towers in a friendly, familiar way, and heretofore sho failed. Sir Everard had dined six years ago at ouo of her grand dinners. Dulcie had gono to ono of her lawn parties, under Jliss lllako s wing, and chiefly to please Alorton ; but hero it had ended. In vain had Alra, Aspinall plied the baronet and his daughter with ovcry variety of invitation. Sir Everard pleaded that ho rarely went anywhere, and had lost'aU relish for society. Dulcio urged in excuso for frequent refusals that sho did not caro to go out without her father. But now, in a yielding moment, Sir Everard had promised to como, and Calphurnia deter mined that, having onco given way ho should givo away again, until ho becamo as wax in her hands. " A man liko that would he worth listening to," tha widow told herself, remembering those ineligible suitors whom she had dismissed so coolly. " I must havo somo ono to meet them, Pawker," she said to a genteel drudge, who com bined tho offices of stillroom maid, needle woman and lady's maid, under the' ladylike appellation of companion. Jnst fourteen years ago this long-snffering Pawker, then hover ing between girlhood and womanhood, and with a fresh-colorod, pleasing ap pearance, had advertised her willingness to bo generally useful in tho character of companion to a lady of position, and her fur ther willingness to accept a small salary, her chief objeet being to sccnro a comfortably homo. Aliss Pawker was tho eldest daughter of a struggling parson, and it had of late been mado clear to her that her presence in tho family circlo was regarded rather as a bnrden than as a blessing. Airs. Aspinall answered the advertisement, and invited tlio young lady, whoso parental homo was only ten miles on tho other side of Blackford, to como to tho Towers for a pre liminary interview. Thore was not a word about railway exponscs, but Miss Pawker was deoply moved by tho address of Aspinall Towers, nd tho gorgoous blending of gold and color in tho lady's monogram. Louisa's greatest weakness was a worship of rank and style — a craving for the society of foshionahlo pcoplo ; and tho namo of Alra. Aspinall was delightfully familiar to hor in tho local newspapers as ono of the leaders of county fashion. Sho paid for her sccond- closs return ticket willingly, though the purso from which the money camo was but scantily fur nished, and-she made her difficult journey across country to Highclero, whence a fly, at tho foarful expenditure of half a guinea, carried her to As pinall Towers. It was a bleak, blowy, October day, and though Louisa was awed by tho grim gray towers, with their narrow windows and machicolnted parapets, flanking a long gray houso, and hy tho extont of tho park through which sho approached this stony mansion, sho . could ,but feel that tho placo alto gether looked shivery, and that for everyday comfort tho cosy littlo village vicarago, with its holly-edged garden and singlo paddock, was a better placo to livo in. But Louisa panted for style, and hero was a stylo far beyond anything .to which her aspiring mind had soared. Those towers, this park, thrilled hor. "It iB positively ducal h" she exclaimed to herself, enraptured at tho thought that it might ho her lot to inhabit that mcdiieval mansion. A crimson footman handed her over to a butler in irreproachable black, and by that functionary sho was conducted to Alra. Aspinall's morning room — a spacious apartment with p'alo salmon- colored walls, andawhitoand salmon cornico of elaborate design — a room which would have looked warmer and moro comfortablo with a little moro furniture ia it. The intensely Chippen dale chairs and tables bad a pinched and shrunken appearance on this chilly morning. Airs. Aspinall received tho stranger with a kind of off-hand friendliness which struck Louisa as tho essence of good breeding. "Como and sit by tho firo," sho said, "and put your feet on tho fender; You look blue with cold." Louisa had been taught to consider it a social crimo to put her foot on n fender. The homo fenders had been sacred. But at Mrs. Aspinall's request sho timidly rested tho solo of hor stout country-mado hoot on tho edgo of tho brass foudor, whilo that lady, seated opposite, perched her slender gold-rimmed binoculars on tho bridge of her nose, and scrutinised Aliss Pawker front head to foot. "Now, my dear, what can you do?" asked Airs. Aspinall in a business-like tone, when she had finished her survey. " Aro you accomplished — ploy, siug, speak French, Italian, Gorman ; paint flowers and landscapes " "Oh, dear, no, madam," exclaimed Louisa, reddening and looking frightened. " If I wero able to do all that I should havo gono out as a finishing governess, and I should havo hoped to earn a hundred guineas a year." "I see. Yon havo no accomplishments, and because you can do nothing yon think yourself tho proper person to go out as companion to a lady of position." Louisa's blood seemed te freeze in her veins. Had sho paid seven and elevenpence for her rail way tickot, waited evor so loug nt tho shelterless cross-country junctions, and finally expondod ten shillings on a flyman who mado it a favor to bring her, in order to bo lectured by tho honor ablo Airs. Aspinall, and sent home with a sense of her own incapacity. "Ihopo," sho faltered, " that although I am not universally accomplished I have the power to make myself useful and agrocablo in a lady's household. Aly sisters and I wero educated at home, and my father, a country vicar, could not afford us tho advantage of a governess or masters. AVe learnt all my mother could teach us. It is only lately that I havo thought of taking a situa tion, but I certainly tbougbt myself qualified for the post I seok. I can play a little, siag a little, know a littlo French, am a good hand at all kinds o( plain and fancy needlework." " Can you turn a gown and mako a bonnet," asked Airs. Aspinall. "I always mako and remake my own gowns, sometimos mako my own bonnets." "I'm glad of that. I might now and then want you to bo usoful in that way. I havo my own maid, of course, but as she has to assist ib tho housework I may want a littlo extra help now and then. I couldn't wear anything mode by a country dressmaker, and when I don't caro to order a gown straight from Worth I like to got one thrown together at home." " I should be always delighted to ho usoful," replied Miss Pawker, not foreseeing to what eho was pledging herself. "So you say in your advertisement, but it's always well to havo these matters clearly under stood. Aro yon fond of reading alond ?" " I am used to it." " That's batter, as I shan't be afraid of tiring you when I want tho Times and Post road to mo of an ovening. You aro fond of flowors, I sup pose ?" "Passionately." " Then it will be an amusement to keep my jardinieres and window boxes in order, and to potter about with your garden scissors and tho watering can ia tho conservatories." This sounded homo-liko and pleasant, almost like being treated as a daughter of the houso. "That kind of work would delight me," said Aliss Pawker. " I thought so. And then I should want you to givo your attention to tablo docoration, tho arrangement of a dessert, for instanco. Butlers aro so narrow-minded and clumsy. You and I could hit upon new ideas, and infuse a littlo poetry into the business." "I should ho charmed to assist." " With regards to your meals," pursued Airs. Aspinall, now contemplating tho vicar's daughter dreamily, as sho lay back in her chair, "I think it would be as well for you to dino whea I take my luncheon, and take your tea and supper in a snug littlo sittingroom of your own, which I should contrive to spaijp you, as I know you would appreciate tho privilego of a private sittingroom. This would leave tho evening free to both of us. If I wanted you to come and read or play to me, or chat with mo, you could come. If I didn't, you could amuse yourself in your own way — write letters or novels — most young ladies writo novels, and it must bo very amusing for them and not too expensive, now tho duty is them." AU this was said with an agreeable familiarity that enchanted Aliss Pawker. " And now there is tho question of salary. It I were inclined to mako bargains, I should say that a young lady who Is absolutely inexperienced onght not to expect any salary for the first two or threo years of her engagement ; but as I like to bo good-natured to young people, I'll waive !i the question of inexperience, and you EhaU start with a small salary. Now, what is your idea of a small salary?" ' I havo thought that about thirty pounds a year " faltered Louisa. "Thirty pounds !" screamed Airs. Aspinall. "My poor child, are you awaro that in Gr.a.t Britain and Ireland alone there are ever so many million surplus women? Do you know that feminine labor is a drug in the market ; that, if I were to advertise for a companion I sbonld be inundated with applications from young ladies wanting to come to me for nothing. Pray, my deir, bo reasonablo ! Twenty pounds a year, with the moderate use of my Laundry — no frilled petticoats or whito muslin gowns — is the very utmost I could afford to give you." Lonisa hesitated and looked dnbiously round at tho Chippendale furniture, tho hot-house Sowers in old Eatsuma jars, the black and gold Japanese screen, the salmon-colored walls. It was all very elegant, refined, aristocratic, but twenty pounds a year was a poor pittance, and that restriction aboutfrillcd petticoats and muslin gowns was gall, ing. Then she comforted herself with the thought that sho had only one frilled petticoat in her ward, robe, and then she thought how nico it would be to live with such a friendly easy-tempered person as Airs. Aspinall, and to ece those machicolated battlements every timo she looked oat of the window, and to walk in that extensivo park. Shi felt that it would bo something to pas3 all at onco into an aristocratic atmosphere, to be waited upon by a footman in crimson plush, in stead of the red-elbowed housemaid at homo. "Well, my dear," said Aire. Aspinall, breaking sharply on the girl's reverie, "Will it do foi you J" "Yes, if you please, madam. I think, if you feel that I can please you, that I should liko to come." "Of coarse, you can please mc. That is s matter within yonr own vohtion. If yon ore ac commodating and industrious, a very early riser— by-the-bye, that is indispensable — and sweet tem pered, and quiet in all your ways, I am sure we shall get on. You may come to me early next week. I know aU abont yonr people, so there need be no worry about references. And no you shall havo some tea and bread and bnttei before yon go back to the station.". So Lonisa sat with her feet on the fender, and was regaled with strong tea and delicious home made bread and butter, and unconsciously Bold herself into bondage. Sho had now been with Mrs. Aspinall fourteen years, and yet she was not all unhappy. Airs. Aspinall, though freely spoken of in the sorvants' hall as a Tartar, had never been positively unkind to Louisa Pawker, Thero was no motivo for unkindnes3 where the slave was so willing or so submissive. 