? THE OPERA. "THB OfiOWN DIAMONDS." The music-loving public of Adelaide were on Thursday night made acquainted for the first time with Auber's elegant and romantic opera " The Crown Diamonds." Its performance by the Lyster Company at the Theatre Royal was looked forward to with much interest, and there was a large though not a crowded house to witness it. It would be unreasonable to expect anything very brilliart from the present company, yet, for a first performance, the defects were very few, and scarcely noticeable. The band, such as it is. got through the overture creditably, the work was well mounted, the dresses were picturesque, rich, varied, and appropriate, and the choruses well rendered. Madame Hersee as Oatarina was much ad- mired and frequently applauded. The little lady seemed to enter into the spirit of the part con av.ore, and both as the assumed leader of the band of outlaws and as the illustrious Queen of Portugal she sustained the dual character with ease and dignity. The very florid aria of the second act, " Ah, in vain I strive to break love's chain," gave her an opportunity of displaying her talent as an accomplished vocalist, and the extreme flexibility of her voice. It accordingly called forth an imperative redemand. Mr. Beaumont appeared as Henriques, and Mr. Templeton sustained the role of Kebelledo. Both were much admired for their vocal and dramatic powers. The part of Sebastian was taken by Mr. Vernon. Wo have referred above to Madame Hersee's artistic vocalization of the most difficult melody of the opera. Mr. Vernon's rendering of perhaps the simplest air, "I thought of thee," was also honoured with a recall. Messrs. Johnston and Levison with the rest of the band of forgers made as amiable a set of stage villains as ever protected a lady or cut a throat. Mr. Howell sustained the role of Oampo Mayor. He is one of the best actors and worst singers of the company. He was extremely amusing, bnt unfortunately the beautiful trio of the third act, to which we referred in our analysis of the opera, was not so effective as it might have been had the part assigned to Mr. Howell been allotted to a really competent bass singer. Miss Lambert, as Diana, was both graceful and attractive. The prompter's voice was several times audible, and the conductor had quite enough to keep the band together. Notwithstanding these drawbacks, however, the " Crown Diamonds" was a decided success, and we are confident that it will be still more admired and its musical excellences better appreciated as the audience becomes more familiar with its melodic beauties. It will be repeated thb evening. COHCEBT.—A concert is to be given this evening in the Clayton Church schoolroom. NATIONAL CBICKETIKG ASSOCIATION.—The annual meeting of the clubs connected with this Association is to be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel to-night. FIOBAI. EXHIBITION.—The tenth annual exhibition of the North Adelaide Juvenile Floral Society will be held |to-day in the North Adelaide Congregational Church Lecture Hall. THB BUTCHERS' PICNIC.—A meeting of the members of the Batchers' Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Thursday evening, when the usual arrangements were made with regard to the forthcoming picnic, and complimentary votes of thanks were passed to those who had contributed to the success of the affair. FOBESTEEB' PICNIC.—By reference to our business columns it will be seen that entries will be received for the Foresters' Picnic sports every Wednesday and Friday evening. GAENEH'S THBATHH.—Professor Pepper entertained an appreciative audience at Garner's Theatre on Thursday evening, October 28, the same programme as that given on the previous evening being gone through in a way that kept np tbe interest throngbout. This afternoon the second lecture to schools is to be delivered by the Professor, tbe subject being " Astronomy " with variations in the forms of spectaoular effects, and the celebrated Ghost. An attractive programme is provided for to-night. GIFT FEOM THE FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION — At the meeting of the South Australian Football Association, held last evening, Mr. W Slight had a beautiful album presented to him, on which was the following inscription —"S.A.F.A, Presented to Mr. W. Slight as a token of recognition of his efficiency as Field Umpire, 1830.™ 