MEG. Maegabit Nmi, a girl about twenty or thereabouts, sat on a low, broad stone near the edge of a cliff that overhung the sea. Her features were irregular, but she had a certain dark, gipsy-like beauty of her own. Her brown stuff gown clung closely about her; her hat had fallen back, and hung carelessly by the strings; a red woollen shawl was wrapped around her shoulders, one end trailing off over the scant, grey herbage. Her hands were clasped about her knees ; there was a hard set look about the unsmiling mouth; and the eyes, that were sometimes most tender, had a dangerous light in them as they gazed steadfastly off over the darkening sea to the distant horizon, still red with the reflected glow of the sunset. At a little distance, but with his back towards her, and his steel- blue eyes just as steadfastly bent in the opposite direction, stood Matthew Erickson, a handsome young fellow enough, in the rough dress of a miner, tall, strong, and ruddy, with a full Jcurling, chestnut beard, and hair of the same colour. A blue ribbon dangled from his left hand. There had evidently been a quarrel ; and a love quarrel, in a struggling mining hamlet on the north-west coast of England, does not differ greatly from one in a scat tered fishing hamlet on the eastern coast of Maine. Forms of speech may differ, but love and anger are much the same the wide world over. As for the queer, quaint dialect in which the special pair of lovers poured forth their mutual grievance, no attempt will be made to reproduce it here. You may be sure they said 'yo' for 'you,' and 'towd' for 'told,' and 'canna' for 'cannot,' and 'ta' for 'tuou.' But all that shall be taken for granted — if not for your ease and comfort, at least for mine ! Tired of the silence, at length the young miner sauntered away with an assumed air of indifference, and, picking up a handful of pebbles, slowly tosseathem, one by one, into the waves below. Margaret's eyes did not waver, but none the less did she follow every motion of bis hand. Having watched the fall of his last pebble, he came back and stood behind her, winding the ribbon round his.fingers to its evident detriment. ' So you will not wear it, Meg ?' he said at last. 'No, I will not,' she answered, without turning her head. ' Why do you vex me ? There's no more to be said about it.' ' But why, Meg !' and he laid his hand on her shoulder, as with an attempt at con eiliation. 'Tell me why? Surely you can do no less.' ' Because — because — I can't abide blue. Matt Erickson. It's hateful to me.' 'But I like it, Meg ! And, if you care for me, you would be glad to wear a blue ribbon to the fair when I ask it.' ' Why did you buy it ?' she asked shortly, turning towards him by a hair's breadth. ' Not to please me, that's sure.' 'Yes; to please you, and to please myself. Jenny wears ribbons as blue as her own eyes, and I am sure you cannot say they are not pretty. You are just stubborn, Meg.' Poor Matt ! In his uneducated, mascu line blindness he could not see that the delicate colour that harmonised so well with his pretty cousin's pink and white cheeks and sunny curls were utterly un suited to his brown Meg, who needed rich, dark hues and warm reds to brighten her somewhat swarthy complexion. And poor Meg ! She had an instinctive sense of fitness that taught her this, but she was not wise enough to know how to explain it to her somewhat imperious lover. She could only say she 'hated blue!' Besides, Meg had carried a sore spot in her heart for two months j ever since this same cousin Jenny of Matt's came on a visit to Bysdyk. She was a dimpled, deli cate little creature from the south — from near London, in fact — where everything was nicer and finer than in Lancashire. Jenny's hands were soft and white, and she had pretty gowns, as befitted the daughter of a well-to-do farmer who kept men servants and maid-servants. And she had a pair of real gold earrings and a lace scarf! Old Mother Marley said it was real lace, but of that Meg was not quite sure. That was a height of magnificence to which she was not certain even Jenny eould attain. And Jenny had sweet, little coaxing ways with her; and she was always purring round her cousin Matt, like a kitten ; and — and — she wore blue ribbons ! Meg would none of them. She sat for a moment, as if turned to stone. Then she blazed out : '? Jenny 1' 'Jenny!' I am tired of ' Jenny !' She has turned your head with her flirting ways like a butterfly, and her yellow hair and her finery. Give your blue ribbon to her, and take her to the fair — for I'll not wear it !' 'And you'll not go to the fair either ?' said Matt, in tones of suppressed passion. ' Is that what you mean ?' 'I'll not go -with you,' she answered, growing cool herself as he grew angry. ' Yet it's likely enough that I may go. There are plenty of lads who would be glad to take me with no ribbons at all.' With a strong effort the young man put the curb upon his tongue, but his face darkened. ' You will go with me or with noone, Meg,' he said. 'This is all non sense — and we to be married next Michael mas ! But come,' |and he put out his hand to raise her from the stone. 'It grows dark.' Meg, still angry, but willing to be pacified if she must, allowed him to assist her, and stood beside her stalwart lover with burning cheeks and downcast eyes. She rather liked, on the whole, his tacit refusal to defend himself and his masterful way of telling hier it was ' all nonsense.' But just at this moment, as ill luck would have it, a small brown paper parcel dropped from the folds of her shawl. Matt stooped to pick it up. It burst open, and a yard or two of scarlet ribbon rippled over his fingers. Now, our poor Meg, not to be outdone by the fair Jenny, had bought this ribbon her self that very evening, meaning to wear it to the fair next week. But it so happened that when Matt went to Mother Marley' 6 shop to buy his own blue love-token, ho had found Dan Willis there — the only man in Bysdyk whose rivalship he had ever feared. And Dan was buying a ribbon precisely like this. Mother Marley had wrapped it in this very piece of paper Matt was sure, and he had seen Dan pnt it in his pocket and walk off with it. And now, here it was! Tfia gift was spurned, then, and his rival's accepted; and all Meg's talk about Jenny was a mere subterfuge — an excuse for a quarreL It was easy to see, now, why she had been so irritable of late, and so prone to take offence. Bat a man could not stand everything, and if Meg preferred Dan Willis to him, why, so be it. Yet, if she would not wear his love-token, she certainly should not wear Dan's. He hardly meant to do it ; he was sorry the next minute. But what he did, as the tide of passion swept him off his feet for an instant, was to wind the two ribbons into a knot and throw them vehemently into the sea. * ''S1,6,1*1' he cried- 'that's settled, once for all.' 'And something else is settled, too, Matt Erickson,' retorted Meg, in a white heat. ' There will be no marriage for us next Michaelmas— no marriage then, or ever ! You would strike me some day, for aught I know, if I should choose to wear a red knot rather than a blue. Til not run the risk. I'll have nothing more to say to you while the stars shine,' and, darting round the cliff, she was half-way down to the beach before he ever thought of stoo ping her. * The next day, Erickson, magnanimous, great-hearted fellow that he was, after all, having gotten over his pet, began to look at their quarrel from Meg's stand-point. It occurred to him that he might have drawn uncalled-for inferences. Dan Willis might have a dozen sweethearts who all liked red ribbons for aught he knew. And now like a fool he had behaved, losing his temper like a hot-headed boy, and throw ing Meg's poor little trinkets over the cliff. No wonder she waa afraid to tniRt him More than one husband in Eysdyk was in the habit of beating his wife on as slight a provocation as the hue of a ribbon ; and it was not strange that a high-spirited girl like Meg should decline to run the risk after she had once seen him in a fury. As for Jenny — 3he had come in between him and Meg. He could see it now. But she was going home the day after the fair, and he would see Meg that very night and tell her so. For he did not dream that all was indeed over between them. He could hardly wait for the hour to leave the mine. He changed his soiled clothes, ate his supper hurriedly, and was soon on bis way to Meg, stopping as he went to buy another ribbon — red, this time, and broader and richer and handsomer t.Wn £he one he had robbed her of. Then he went on through the crooked, scattered little village, till he reached the Widow Neale's cottage, just on the out skirts. To his surprise, he found the door locked and the shutters closed. As he stood still in his perplexity, a white headed urchin who was turning somer saults near by shouted,- 'Ho you, Matt Erickson ! It's no good to wait there. The widow and Meg have gone away.' ' Gone ? Where ?' ' Don't Imow. To France, like enough tnere — or to Ameriky— or to London— or somewhere. They took a big box and a bundle, and I don't know but they'll stay for ever 'n ever. Meg said so ;' and, making a rotating wheel of himself, the lad vanished ronnd*the corner. Just then the d8or of the nearest cottage opened and a woman's face looked out. It was growing dark. 'Is it you, Erickson? There's no one at home in the house there. But I haye something here I was to give when you came this way.' His' face''was ' stern 'and set and w&fte1;' in the fading light, as he took the little packet from the woman's hand. ' Where have they gone ?' was all he said. 'I don't just know. To visit some of their kinfolk a great way off,' the widow said. 'OK! but she's a close-mouthed one, she is— and Meg's a bit like her. They're not gossipy folks. You never get much out of them,' she added, with an injured air. 'Not but I've found them good neighbours enough. ; but they're rather high and mighty for commoners.1' As soon as he was out of sight Matthew Erickson opened the packet. He knew what was in it before he untied the knot. A string of curiously-carved beads, with a strange, foreign, spicy odour, that he had bought of a wandering sailor, and fastened round Meg's neck one happy night, and two or three other trifles he had given her. And he found this note, slowly and pain fully written, badly spelled perhaps, and not punctuated at all. Eut what of that ? The meaning was plain enough; all too plain, Matt thought, as he drew his hand across his eyes as if to clear bis vision. ' I gave you back your troth last jiight. Here are the beads, and the silver piece, and the heron feathers. Now all is over between us.' Here she had evidently hesitated a moment, wondering if her words were strong enough. For on the line below she had written, with an echo from the prayer-book reverberating in her ears, 'For ever and ever, amen. Margaret Neale.' ' Not Meg, his Meg, his proud, high spirited sweetheart — but Margaret — Mar- garet Neale! It set her at such aa im measureable distance over him. 'All is over between us.' As if she was dead and buried out of his sight. And he had spoken to Jainej? Kay about the snug cot tage beyond the bay; and they were to have been married at Michaelmas ! He knew enough of Widow Neale's habits to ask no more questions of the neighbours. As one of them had said, she was close mouthed. He knew she had a sister living in Scotland for whom Meg was named ; but where even he did not know. Scotland was like a distant, foreign land to the people of Eysdyk. But the widow had money enough to go to Scotland or farther, if she wished, even on such short notice. She had never worked in the mines, neither had Meg. She had a comfortable annuity left her by her old mistress ; for she had served in a great family before she married John Neale. ? Month after month passed. Michaelmas was over, the winter came and went, and Kysdyk knew no more of her and Meg than when they left. The silence, the void, grew unendurable to Matt. With the early spring he carried into effect what had been the one dream of his life before he learned to love Meg. America was the land of promise for miners as well as others ; and had he not a friend who worked in the great iron mines at Ish peming, on the shore of the wonderful northern lake that was itself almost as large as all England ? He had no father or mother, only a half uncle, whose house had been the only home he had ever known. What better could he do than to seek work and forgetfulness together where there would be nothing to remind him of the past P So, when one fine morning nearly a year after her sudden flitting, the neighbours awoke to find the door of Widow Neale's cottage ajar and the shutters open, the first bit of news Meg heard was that Matt Erickson had gone to America. It struck her like a blow. Now indeed he had dropped out of her life, as utterly as months since she had dropped out of his. For she, too, had 'had. time to repent. Almost before the blue hills of Scotland had dawned upon her 'sight she had tepented in dost -and asheft. How foolish she had been, like a child that throws away its bread in a pet and goes to bed hungry. Why had she not worn the blue ribbon to please her lover, even if she did not like it ? As for Jenny — but what non sense was that! She would have been ashamed of Matt if he had not been kind to her. To be sure he had been cross and thrown away her ribbon. But, then, he was a man — and men were strong and masterful and could not bear contradiction, and she had angered him by her foolish persist ence. Ah ! if she could but undo it all, and j have her tall, brave, handsome lover back again. She would have turned round, and gone back to Eysdyk the very next day if she could have had her way. But a journey was a journey to people of their rank and condition, and her mother, who had taken it to please her, and somewhat againBt her will, was not to be blown about like a feather by her caprices. She had suspected a love quarrel was at the bottom of Meg's sudden and impetuous desire to go imme diately on a visit to her Aunt Margaret in Kilmarnock. But, once being there, the old lady was determined to have 'the worth of her money' before she went back. She could not afford to go jaunting round the country, she said, as if she were the Queen herself with all parliament at her back. When she had her visit out she would go home, and not before. Meg was a good girl, but she was a bit hot tempered. This lesson would do her good. But why, do you ask, did not Meg write to her lover, if she felt she had been in the wrong. Ah, why do not wiser ones than she always do the best thing, the right thing ? Besides, she was a woman, and a proud one. After having discarded her lover, she would not forthwith fall at his feet and ask him to marry her. But, ah ! she thought, as the long, slow days wore on, if she were only with him again — if she could only look upon his face once more, he would know all without the telling. There was another reason. Writing was a hard and unaccustomed task. She could not talk with her pen. Sometime, if the good God would let her see Matt face to face, she would explain ; but she could not write. And now, after all the months of waiting, she was back in Eysdyk, but he — he was in America. ; It was as if he had gone out of the world. One day she went to the rectory and asked Miss Agnes to let her look at ,the map of America. The young lady did so, and showed her England also, and the wide waste of waters that lay between the two. What a speck England was to be sure ! Then she asked to be shown Lake Superior, and Miss Agnes pointed it out, wonder ingly. How far it was ! As far from the sea-board, almost, tas the width of the Atlantic itself. She turned away with a long, shuddering sigh. Hope was dead within her. Matthew Erickson had gone out to her little world into another of which she knew nothing. He would have been nearer if he had been dead. Once in a while, as the years went on, aJL.ra.re^.intervals, news of., him came to ^RyBdyk. He was well ; he had fair wages, though gold w as not to be had for the gather ing in America any more than in England ; he had been promoted and had charge of a gang of men. At length there was a long interval of silence. Then came floating rumours of ill ; then after awhile a letter in a strange hand-writing, a letter to his uncle who had died three weeks before it came. There had been a bad accident in the mine — an explosion; and in the' effort to save others, Matthew Erickson had him self received dangerous iri juries. No 6ne thought he could live. But now, after months, he was slowly recovering, ' if recovery it could be called. For he was blind. The poisonous' vapours had destroyed his 6ight. ' ' ! It was five years since he went away— five years that had brought many changes to Meg. It was a sobered, thonghtful woman, not a hot-tempered girl, who knelt by Widow Neale's side a week after the letter came, and eaid : ' Mother, have I been a good, faithful child to you these many years f' Her mother looked at her wonderingly. Two quiet women living alone they were not in the habit of being over demonstrative. ' A good child? Why dp you ask that, Meg ? There's not a better in all Lan cashire I' 'Have I ''ever vexed you or given you sorrow ? Tell me, mother V 'No,' said the Widow Neale, Blowly 'Only it vexes me that you' wilt not marry. An old maid's no good, and you know that two of the best men in Ryedyk worship the very ground, you tread on this day. I call no names, and I say nothing. A woman must answer for herBelf. But I wish you were married, Meg. I've saved up a good penny for your dowry, you know that.' ?' Yes,' she eaid, her lips quivering. ' Whatever was the reason you did not have Matt Eriokeon?' her mother went on, querulously. ' You'd have been a proud wife, now, and he here, hale and hearty.' With a quiok gasp Meg threw up both arms, and then buried her faoe in her mother's lap, sobbing vehemently while the latter eat aghast, half frightened at the storm ehe had unwittingly raised. At last she touched her daughter's hair softly. ' ' Dou't, Meg,' ihe eaid. '1 did not mean it.' ' - ? i But Meg only drew the wrinkled hands about her neck and let her tears flow un checked. At length she looked up. ' It was I who drove him away — Matt Erickson,' she eaid. ' We had a little quarrel, just a few idle words about a ribbon) aud I told him in my silly anger I would have no more to say to him while the stars shone. And now they do not shine for him for he is blind — blind. Oh, mother, I cannot live, I cannot bear it !' ' Yes, you will live, child,' the widow answered, quickly. ' We can bear anything, we women. Your father was brought into me dead— killed in these mines when you were soaroe three years old, my Meg, and I am alive yet.' ' But this is worse than death,' she cried, passionately. 'Mother, do you hear? He who was my plighted husband is blind, in a far, strange country. I must go and bring him home— home to Bysdyk.' She had risen from her mother's arms, and stood before her in the moonlight, pale, resolute, with her hands clasped rigidly. ' Give me my dowry, mother, «nd let me go,' she said. 'Do not deny me this thing ? I am well and strong and, if I do say it, I am quick-witted. I can make my way. I shall come back safely. Let me iro, mother!' ' It is not your place, Meg. Let someone else sro.' 'Who? Tell me that! Has he father, or brother, or uncle ? Who is there to go ?' ' But — it's not right maidenly to go off after a lover, Meg. What will the folks say? And — would you marry a blind man?' -r Maidenly P It is maidenly to do right,' said Meg, sturdily, her brown cheek flushing-. 'What do I care for the folk f I am not a young girl to drop my eyes aud'ip auame faoed because folk will talk. They ahrara talk. An* as for marrying-it is noVtt [ marriage I am tTiitAing now*; it is of bring ing Matt Erinkson— he wnom I drove airly by my ill doing— back sate to his own country—** ' ?' ' -';: ' ' )J She hesitated a moment and then want on: 'But Til not ptay istoe with yob, mother. He'll not ask me to marry him. But I shall know. It he wants nfe after aUthafs pasfcne shall ha ve iri*, and Itl take care of him till Idle.' ; -' - Their talk lmted far into the night. But with it we have no mow to 3d, nor withtne details by which a little1 money was to be made to go a great w**.' For; after 'many tears, tbe widow1 consented that Meg should take her dowry and spend it as ah- ohose. If they had been worldly^ wise they' would have accomplished their purpose* Throitifh the agency of others. As it wai they Saw no way than for Meg to do heneu the thing she wanted done. ' ... Ob, that weary, weary journey! Why was the worTd io- wide; the way to tongt Keg kept np a brave heart until Hheboieteronj ooean waB crossed and »h« had 'mide':ner way as far as Boffi»lo, where Irtre ;hi§ beett told to take tbe steawer for MarqhetW. R seemed to her that the had trattflleA I' the width of the whole wide eartti already, Ihfee her foot first Ml upoa tb» Mft of 'the Btrange, new world. ? '? ? ? ^% 'Is this Lake Superior, sir?' she asked, timidly, of a policeman, a* she left ttfc1 ftri and saw the waters of' Late Brie1 sttefehlnfe away in the df«Wno». 'Arid1'e»rivyoriIteH me. arewenearlBhtMtolMf' ' ???'??'? -'. ' Oh I no, my girl| thW is Brie. Lake Superior is way up north; hnnardaa-bf mtteip from here. :uttpbihing'f Never 'hoara ;of such a place. But here's your toettmet 'to you're going up that way.' '?- J ''' a''j:; : Her heart bank like lead. Would she ever, ever reach' the end? Ail day, and day' after day she sat silently in the bow ot'iire boat/; gazing steadily forward: On, oi£, till Erie was pM8ed-—o%' through lovely St, dair with its softly rouiritad shores and fairy islands— then up through La&e;'fllur6n-, still struggling 'ifr. -aV^ft were,'ptejf towering, frowning heights, past etretofcefc of interminable forest, past robky head landB, paBt'skndy beaches, throirgii ' torta ous chatanlels and tfevibtuj ways; into- the wild rapids of the Saut St. Marie. Then at last Superior ! grand, weird, majestic in its awful silences, sweeping on between1 Its mighty, far-stretching ahores; dark as the ocean, resistless as the grove, ': Where was ehe going? Would aha ever find Matt? Sailing on and on — penetrating nature's secret places,. where the foot of man had never trodden. So it seemed to her. Could human kind live in these vast, wild, wild wildernesses P . . It was like a new birth, when after many days the steamer entered. the beautiful bay of Marquette, and .the fair young city rose before her astonished eyes, its white cliffs gleamed in the sun, its green shores sweeping down ward to the water's edge. She was near her goal at last. For Ishpeming was but twenty miles upon tbe railroad, and, thither ehe went by tbe first twin. Row rongb and wild H all was ? And how the charred, and blackening pine tree»-4i)weiel^loft .like grim glanje, and pointed their ghastly lingers at, her aa ehe swept through their solitudes 1 _, ' Can you tell me where to find a man called Matthew Eriokson?' she asked of ihe depot-master, trembling from head, to loot. 'Erickson? Erickson? Blown up in the mines' a year or Mo ago, wasn't me? He stays at San Ayres, theEnglrshtnatfe, I believe. ' Just yer'^o round that oorner, ma'aifa, then turn to &e; right; fend go -rip the bill— or stay! Let me lock up Jhere and Til go with you. Ever1 betita In Ishpeming before t Not ItUdught 'you looked like a stranger tt these parts.' ' He left her at Sam AyreV gate/having opened it gallantly when he slw that her cold fibgfera.wfere unfit to dohet%Iddiiig. ' ja. kindly-faced woman came to' the' door and bade her welcome. Meg's story was soon told. ' And you1 have come alone all this long way to take Ertckecta homel again ?' her eyes filling, 'dted bless, you,~dear, for I am sure He sent you. We've done the best we' could for him, bat— you1 ate his sister ?' 'No. I am a friend — a neighbour. There was no one else,' ahe said, simply. ' ' What's your name ? I'll tell him.' ' No matter about the name ; say a friend from the old country.' The woman came back presently. 'Be careful,' she said, 'he'B^ weak yet. But I want to tell you something just to keep you up, for he looks like a ghost. There was a great doctor from New York up here last week to look at his poor eyes, and lie told Sam there was a chance for him yet— -just one chance in a hundred.' 'Does he know it?' asked Meg, tremu lously, her colour coming and going,; . $he was out a woman after all Only blindness would have brought her here. 'No, and you must not tell him. Tjhs doctor said so most particular. Will yon go up now?' ? , ,j Be had been sitting in the sun by the jftw window all day brooding, brooding., Tiey]hj|d been very kind to him, these ^people, ?. bjit even kindness, wears itself .out after ja while. What was to become, of^um * The wages. he had laid, np were wasting away, 3U-e'e»j£y northern winter would. aooh se$- tin, JJe shivered as. he thought of the fjerpe winda, the pitiless, drifting enow. ¥he» was not ing a blind, man eouljL dp here. , Jf Jie ,wmb only at-home in Byadjk ! Would |fcg jbe sorry for him, he wondered, if efei knew, how desolate lie was, how Jpneiy jn thjs strange land ? If he weie aVbojne he could liara jo weaye .basket* life? old Timotfy. ,%99,-M was iost.a dead viigfet, , , ,, , 'Some one to. Bee him. from ;I$he. old country?' , /,-*...',: ?;.. Be turned hia aightleasreyes ta.wardf the door where. Meg was entering .aoipeless. :«s a spirit, and, his face kindled ..©ageiiy. Noiselessly she slosed. the door .behindl Jtar. He was so changed, .so white ,aHd -worn, that her own heart atpppadcitajpj^ikliiaa for a moment.. Sh* faand ,*ny.;;sudiea shock migh$ overcome Min. flhecavaartt speak lest' he should know her; inwrae. Strange that she had not'thongntp «ii4hia before'! ?- ' ?? ? ?...'.?? u ji.t n-.-.n* He put out his hand vaguely, feeling the presence that he eould noffeee* -1 '; ''? «- 'You are very wetoofne,' he eatf. ' But I do not know wfeoit-4»i Wno'aie yonP' ; - ? .-,.! -?* --. ort uv, a, t He thought it was some khtd English man, who having heard of ina ihisfottttnes had come to speak a word of 'cneerSrid comfort. '?- - ? - - ?'? ?-??--«? She- gave him her sand, still sflentfy. A womatfi hand ! A J ewifV thrill shot through kir frame* and his face Hashed. Holding herseKstlUwlth fcn%htr*B6rt, Meg knelt by his aide, laying he?nekdafion his knee. . — ««7- His hand tonohed her hair, he^forehead, her lips. She gave a low cry. t&mgggg; 'Speak to me, quick,' he '-&*&&, hoarsely. - ..^ttjst' ^'Mattr \ -J; 