THE GAS QUESTION. (To the Editor of the Singleton Argus.) Yours truly, A COUNTRY SUBSCRIBER. SIR, —I have sometimes wondered how it so often happens that Municipal or Aldermanic bodies become a synonym for all sorts of incompetence and woodcn-heade.inoss, when, if you take the snmo men in their private capacities who form tneso Corporations, they show more tl- . tho uverngo shrewdness in looking i. i, - t'leirown affairs. Perhaps you will bo nbl" to throw somo light npon this subject This train of re ~?tion occurred to mo in roading of the action our own Council havo taken in tho gns question. Ono of tho Aldermen incidentally mentioned the number twenty as being tho number of lamps to bo provided, when straightway this becomes, as it w.-ro, a " mystical" number, which all the others adopt without any other consideration, No one asks the -what is;. the minimum number of lamps required to be nf any eervico in lighting tho town? .Now, fcir, I consider twenty lamps for a straggling place like Singleton to be only of use to make.the.." darkness visible," anil totally inadequate for our requirements. Why, Mr. Editor, we have that number, of lights already bolonging to the publichouses. . Imagine them more evenly spread and with a hotter light, and yon will have an idea how SingletonwilHoofc when thug illn minated. .Such a public lighting will be but a poor result to show for'£2ooo— or £200 per annum—and will bo paying dearly indeed for our "whistle". , : Npw, Mr.. Editor, without , any pre tence to .more than ordinary common sense, ;I-will place before yon-and the public a plan where, for tho same money, we cohld have, 6ay, 50 lamps instead of 20. Snppose, as this is a quiet: ?country place, that'all public lamps be ' extinguished at twelve o'clock at night, instead of burning them until .daylight, and: which, in our case would, only be usefal to show our burglars about. My plan can be stated arithmetically thus : If we can : get 20 lamps supplied with gas for so many hours at £200 per annum, how many hqurs , consumption of gas cau we get for, the".ea'nio money to supply 50 lamps ? I also think it desirable that' the party supplying, the gas should provide a man to light and extinguish them, if it were only on. tho jcoro of economy, as, if the above plan ! were,jadopled it would be to the interest of the contractor that no gas be wasted. I trust that the ratepayers will give this lighting question their best con sideration, and see that it is carried outr in a business like way, and not so as to make us the laughing-stock of our. neighbours. I will now subscribe myself as ONE WHO WILL HAVE TO HELP TO .:, . PaY THE pip??, [?? Don't you know that " a corpora tion has neither a body to kick nor a ? soulto be saved"?— Ed.] ;h THE" ARGUS ", FUNERAL. ]\To the Editor of the SingUton,Argut.) ;?? Sin, —Ihopeyou will procure a stimu lant strong enough to keep tho Argus alive until the holidays end, for, wo cannot pnt in an appearance at its , funeral before. Alas, poor -. Argus ? doomed to death by Messrs., Foster, Dries and Co. But in New South Wales the difficulty lies in putting the sentence into execution. No doubt if the Argus was published in a certain conntry in ! stead of N.S.W., these worthy gentle-: men, or such as these would come up and grapple it by the throat saying, "Now, then,' you just shut up, or we will strangle you." Has not such an attempt been already made by Messrs. Foster, Dries and Co.? Mr. Foster has said that he tfould not pollute his eyes by reading your paper. Dear mc! how easy it is to pollute some people. But now I remember how it is written in a certain book, that "Out of the abund ance of tho heart the mouth sponketh. A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringoth forth good things : and an —— man out of the treasure bringeth forth things." And Mr. Dries talks of an " odious article" which appeared in your paper, " although appearing under the guise of an addross , to the electors it eeomed to mc" be said " more like"—a flying serpent? no, not that: what then? Well, anything you like, for Mr. Dries' mind can invent anything you want. I have heard of a man boing shut up in a room of a public-house for the night, and on his coming out in the morning he declared that ho had seen a real live ghost. Some pereon present answered, " It was the spirit of tho grog you saw." Mr. Andrew DHas positively affirms that he saw a real live serpent wriggling in the air : did he ? Once more: Mr. Dries intimates that ho is deeply con cerned for the moral training of those whom "God has placed under his charge," therefore, he says, ho does ". not care to have" ( a paper in his house which is apt to lead them astray. Perhaps he does toko his own and their religion from the public papers ; if so, he cannot do better than retain the Argus, for he will not find any other secular paper more pure in sentiment and more moral in tone than it is. Now, as to the dofamed Argus', every unbiassed person must acknowledge it to be a really good paper; liboral and unbiassed in principle, treating all per sons and all subjects, as far as in it lies, with oven-handed justice; at the same time recording with accuracy all local news that io worth knowing. For my . part, I think every right minded man in .the ? district should subscribe to it. Snrely five shillings per quarter will bis cheap enough; purely tho type iH clear and tho paper well got up ; surely there is moro information of importance to the residents of Patrick's Plains given in it than can possibly be given in any paper published out of this district. The papor at present seems to bo passing throngh a crisis ; surely then, all lovers of liberty, order, and a froo Press, will come up to its help. ?????? 