SET IN A SILVER SEA BY B. L. FARJEON. CHAPTER XXXIII. (Continued,.) Neither Harold nor Mauvain attempts to break the silence which ensues, and presently Margaret resumes her story :— "We danced and sang for the pleasure of these gentlemen until, wearied aud exhausted, my sister sank into my arms. I watched over her, kneeling by her side, and slept wirh her, unfaithful guardian that I was. When I awoke in the morning I was alone; my sister was gone, loBt to me for ever from that fatal night. In reply to my anxious enquiries—my sister and I had never before been separated for an hoar— my master told me a plausible tale of having sent her on in advance of as in the care of a friend ; he swore to me that he spoke the truth, and bade me hasten to get ready to fcUow her. I asked him' whether the gentlemen before whom we performed were in the hotel—for I had some vague idea of appealing to them for protection ; and be informed me that they bad taken their departure early in the morning. More than one suspicious circumstance indicated that he was deceiving me, bat I hoped against hope, and we travelled forward in the direction taken, as be averred, by my sister. In the night we arrived at an inn where I expected to fmd her; she was not there, and the following mornicg we resumed our journey ; and when, on the evening of that second day, we reached a village, and I learned that all traces of my dear one were lost, the bitter truth forced itself upon me that we had been basely betrayed. It will not help me now to recall the agony of my position. I was in a part of the country of which I was completely ignorant; I was without money, and was utterly, utterly helpless. To have left my master would have been voluntarily to deprive myself of even the remotest chance of recovering my sister. My master was cuuuing ; seeing that I suspected him he offered me my lioerty, although I was legally bound to him, he could have compelled me to work for him until I was twenty-one years of age. With as much calmness and wisdom as I could bring to bear to my aid I debated how I should act, and I could come to no other conclusion than that my only hope lay in remaining with my master, and keeping a watch over his movements. Months passed, and my hope died away. How wretched was my life, and with what self-torturings was I afflicted ! So time passed until I made the acquaintance cf Matthew Silvester and his son. By what means the good man who afterwards became my father obtained my release from the power of a human monster he has never divulged, but it could have been only by purchase, for my master would have sold his soul for money. I travelled with them, sharing their life, and after a time Matthew broke the news tc me of my darling Bister's death; he had learned it from my master, and had mercifully withheld it from me. So, with that earthly tie severed, ss I believed for ever, I married Matthew Sylvester's son, and we came to the Silver Isle." "And here ends your story," says Harold, who has followed Margaret's narrative with the closest attention. " No, there is more to tell, which will enable you to understand the reason of my visit, if, indeed yon are still in ignorance of it. When my second child, Gabrielle, was born, a statue of Evangeline, a name loved and honoured in the isle, was set op in the market-place. It was the work of a young sculptor in the old world, and there was great talk of its beauty. I gazed upon it in wonder and terror, for the face I saw was the face of my sister. The sculptor who modelled those marble features must have known Olarice." This is the first time Margaret has mentioned the name of her sister, and Harold says:— " Do you hear, Manvain ? Olarice ?" "I hear, Harold," replies Mauvain, calmly: " the woman bad best finish ber story." " I allowed myself to be argued out of my fancy, but it was never entirely dispelled, and events have lately occurred which have fixed it in my mind as a certain conviction. Not only was I betrayed by being torn from her I loved so dearly, but I was deceived in the story of her death. At the time my master informed Matthew Sylvester that my sister was dead, she lived. Why was the wicked lie spoken? To what base end—for what Dase purpose?" "Why do you question me?" asks Harold. •'Because you perhaps are the only person within this isle who can relieve my tortured heart. Ton are the sculptor of the image of Clarice." « A surmise," says Harold. " A certainty," retorts Margaret. " There is no name, it is true, to the image, but the letter H is cut in the marble. Tour name is Harold." " Consistently argued. What then ?" "What then?" echoes Margaret advancing towards him with clasped hand and heaving bosom. " Is it not natural that I should come to you to ascertain the fate of my beloved sister ? If you are the sculptor—and you have not denied it, being a gentleman, who, to screen himself, weuld scorn to hide behind a lie—you knew Clarice after I believed her to be dead ? You are one of the two before whom we were dragged in the night at the will of our cruel master. When we first met here upon this isle you recognised me, and you saw that I recognised you. Answer me, if you have the feelings of a man ? What has become of my sister Olarice ?"' " Direct me, Manvain," says Harold. " How am I to reply ?" Mauvain, in a careless toce, gives direction. " In any way you please, in what concerns yourself . If this matter is yours, satisfy the worn in according to your whim. Invent, imagine, speak the truth or lie, in short say anything that occurs to your ingenious mind ; but in so far as I am concerned, I forbid you to violate the confidence of friendship. My own affairs, I can settle without interference; and believe me, Harold, I will allow none." Rising to leave the room, Miuvain is suddenly confronted by Margaret, who, now that he is standing with the light upon his face, recognises him. "My God:" she exclaimsyou are the gentleman trho was playing cards with my master on that fatal night!" She looks from one to the other in dumb amazement; neither Harold nor Mauvain assists her by sign or word. " Will yoH not speak ?" she cries. " Can you stand calmly by, having the power to say what I would give my best blood to heat, and speak no word ? Are you men or monsters ?" Mauvain frowns. " You are bold mistress." "You would find me bolder, "exclaims Margaret, with flaming eyes, " if I had reason to suppose that you, or you" turning defiantly to Harold— " had wronged my sister, an innocent child, with no knowledge or suspioion of the world's cruelty and deceit!" Mauvain taps his snuffbox lightly, and with a smile asks, " What would you do ?" "What would I do ? I would kill you where yon stand! Ah, me! Whatamlsiying:' I forget that I am a woman." "Your forgetfulness extends farther than that, mistress. But in this matter, truly, you would need a champion." " I should find one," she cries, ag hot as he is cool; " there is not a man on the Silver Isle who would not champion my cause, for it is the cause of right and virtue. And remember. I have men nearer to me who would hold their lives lightly, if called upon them to avengo a cruel wrong inflicted upon a pure and helpless girl. For she was betrayed—I know it now—I feel it here!" — pressing her haiid to her he^rt Oh, God ! throw light upon this mystery, and brin? the guilty to justice!" " listen to me," says Mwivnin, in his smooth polished voice, which nothiug seems able to disturb, ''and know jour station. Hid you appealed to me in a manner which showed that jou were aware of the difference in our positions, I might have satisfied you" " Having the power," demands Margaret, every pulse in her body throbbing with pession. " Having the power," replies Mauvain, " I njifelu, I say, have satisfied you, and told you something nf jour sister. Tlwt it m ght not have plexsed you Hprim:* from the f;ict thnt you aud bhe are ol a different order from these you are now addressing." " I thank God for it with all my soul!" cries Margaret, with a growing horror of this polished gentleman. " Had you choseu," continues Mauvain, " to speak in tones of humbleness, you might have gone from this house—and I bi i you begone quickly, for it is mine—somewhat wiser than you entered it. During our pleasant interview, mistress, you have asked many questions Favour me by answering one—the only one—I shall put to you. Lives there upon this isle any person to whom you are indebted for the new light which has so suddenly dawned upon jou?" " Yes," she replies; " Ranf the hunchback." " I suspected as much. Ask him to be your champion." " I will do so " " Good. Now, go," pointing to the door, " nnless jou wish to be turned from my gates." " 1 will go," says Margaret, walking to the door; " but a voice within me tells me we shall meet again." " I shall look forward to the interview," says Mauvain, with a graceful bow, " with infinite pleasure." Never, in her after life. i» Margaret able to remeTiber how she reached the gates,ani passed beyond them. Bat she has done so, with no consciousness of time or space, and she sees nothing, hears nothing, until Harold, who has followed her, lays his band upon her arm. " pardon me," he says, " for my share of the proceedings which have 60 much distressed you; but I was free neither to act nor speak as my heart dictated. 1 have eornethiug to say to 50a which cculd not be spoken within the houteyou have just left." His manner is so earnest, and his demeanour so different from that in which he has hitherto presented himself to her, that she cannot but listen to him. Be continues : " In the story you told as of the career of your sister and jourself you said that your lives were pure and stainless. To cast a doubt upon that statement would be, I am certain—on my truth and honour, not as a gentleman, but as a man, I aver it—as false as it would be shameful. I believe it implicitly, unhesitatingly, but for a reason of my own. in which you and your pitiful story play their part, I want to hear it once more from your own lips." " Shall I utter it again to one who has proved himself my enemy ?" she asks. "Iam not your enemy," he declares, with moist eyes aud quivering lips ; " as God's my judge, I am and would be your friend !" " It's monstrous," she cries, " that one who assisted to betray my unhappy sister should thus address me!" "Ah, bow you wrong me! and with what apparent cause! — tor truth and justice aud evidence are on yoar side, and I stand alone without a witness. You must trust me — you muit ! Careless, reckless, regardless as I may seem of all that's best and highest and noblest in this life and the next—for I believe in it, Margaret Sylvester—there is in me a worthier spirit than I have ever shown to the world, than I have ever admitted even to myself in my hours of self-communion. In saying this I do not desire to avoid responsibility. As I have sown so shall I reap—and I have sown deliberately tares, weeds, and plants which have been ss a poison to my soul. Let it pass; what is done is dciie, and my life shall answer for it— my life which I account of less value than the frailest blade of grass. But in this matter which you have revealed to-day there is something which is infinitely dearer to me than life, if life were as precious to me as it is to most. I knew your sister; I honoured, pitied, and respected her. May hope and mercy be blotted out for me through all eternity if by word or deed I ever did her wrong ! Do you believe me ?" "I do," says Margaret, carried aw;y by his fervour and earnestness; " you compel me to believe you." " By-and-by you may believe without compelling, and, of your own honest, unbiassed will, may think of me with tenderness and pity. Voices whisper to me, as they have done to you. Fate and destiny are working to their allotted end, and the hand of man cannot arrest them. Now let me hear once more from your lips that the lives of you and your sister, at the time I met you in the old land, were pure and stainless " " Have you a sister ?" " No." " A mother ?" "No; she died when I was a child. She is to me but a memory." " A pure memory ?" " She has been to me the emblem of purity— its spirit, its incarnation. In my earlier days I used to look up to heaven, believing that she shone 1 upon me in the light of a star. Not the brightest that I saw—the sweetest and most peaceful, speaking to me. with silent voice, of sacred hopes and aims which have long since died out of my life. You have revived that holy memory. To-night I shall see my mother's star in the heavens; and upon my knees, for the first time for God knows how many years, I shall breathe a prayer." "Pure as the memory of your sainted mother," says Margaret, solemnly, " was my beloved sister Clarice when you first saw her in the old land." Involuntarily she holds out her hand to him, and he takes it and raises it to his lips. She is about imploringly to ask him now to divulge what he knows concerning Clarice, when, divining her intention, ^he begs her to say no more at present. " Soon you shall know all," be s&ys; " I go to take the seal from my lips." And with these strange words he leaves her and returns to Mauvain's house. CHAPTER XXXIV. HAROLD DEMANDS AN EXPLANATION OF MAD VAIN. On his way Harold paused two or three times to wipe his lips, which were dry, and his forebead, which was moist, and to contemplate the evidences of Mauvain's exquisite taste and culture. He paused, also, at the group which he had cut in marble of Banf and Evangeline. " It is a disgrace to an artist," he mused," but it is not my property, and must stand as a record of my shame. Thus does an artist sell his soul, piecemeal, for wine and fine linen. But there is a better record in the market-place, which may compensate for this libel. I feel almost weakminded enough to go and set my name upon it; not this hour, though; I have other work to do." He walked straight to the room in which he had left Mauvain. His friend was not there ; he went then to a smaller room which Mauvain had made into a study. He tried the door; it was locked. He knocked, and Mauvain answered : " Who iB there ?" "It is I—Harold." " I am resting," said Mauvain, from within « and cannot be disturbed." " I must see you at once." " Must ?" echoed Mauvain, haughtily. " It is imperative." The door was unlocked, and Harold entered. The room was in disorder, and bore no signs of the rest which Mauvain said he was taking; every secret drawer in a large and handsome desk was open, and the table and desk itself were strewn with papers. " You have been busy, I see," said Harold. " I told you," rejoined Mauvain, with a lack of cordiality, " that I was at rest. I did not wish to be disturbed." " And I told you it was imperative I should see you. I regret the necessity, but it is not the less a necessity." In this brief dialogue the ordinary tone observed by these friends in their conversations bad been lost sight of; this appeared to strike them simultaneously, and they at once relapsed into their usual manner. Mauvain pointed to a chair, covered with papers, and Harold, without apology, scattered the papers to the floor and took the seat. " You must have something of the greatest interest to communicate," said Mauvain, with a purposed drawl, " that you intrude upon me against my wish." " You are partly right, Mauvain ; I have something of the greatest interest, not exactly to communicate, but to speak to you upon." " I observed that you followed that woman out of the house." " Yes, I followed her." " And conversed with her ?" " Yes." " Do you wish to relate to me what passed between you?" "No, I have no such wish ; but in what we have cow to say you may perhaps gather something of its import." " You appear to be in a strange humour Harold." " Mauvain, I have seen a ghost." " Of a woman ?" " Of a star." " Come, this promises well." " I almost hupe it will not end as well, for if it does my hopes may disappear and my faith may be once more lost, never again to be restored." "Interesting as ever, Harold; I scarcely regret yon disturbed me." " Manvain, I must speak to yon seriously." " I hate seriousness, but if you insist upon it I will not thwart you." " Let us, then, travel back in memory to the eventful night so vividly recalled awhile since by Margaret Sylvester." " I h»Te had wca&iw;, ^awld, to wa«i j9« lately more than once; I trust you are not going to compel me to do so again." " It is immaterial, Mauvain; no warnings, exhortations, threats, or appeals can divert mo from the goal upon which my mind is set. Spare, then, your breath, and let us converse freely, and, if we can, honestly." " Have you come to pick a quarrel ?" "Heaven forbid; but if that contingency were to occur, we at least should know how to settle it. We stand on equal ground ; we are both gentlemen. Mauvain, I have been your friend ; jour companion in many a daring and n:any a foolish adventure, I have never yet had occasion to question your courage or your honour; not al ways in accord with you, stung sometimes by the airs of superiority you have assumed—and in which to some extent you werefaitlj justified—I have followed your lead in idle mood, and have upheld you before your face and behind your back, as is the duty of a friend who, although he cannot justly defend, on the strict score of morality, all that is done, still is content to share the pleasure and the consequences of acts in which he is a participant." " It suited you, Harold." " I do not deny it; nor do I assume a virtue which I am conscious I have never possessed. But I have always understood—and on my honour I speak the truth—that those who were led by us to share our pleasures, or who of their own accord joined in them, were like oursalves votaries of pleasure. I use the word in its ordinary acceptation. That sosae required to b6 wooed, coaxed, intrigued for—that some held off, and by so doing added to the pursuit a keener enjoyment—that some falsely professed, and needed argument, persuasion, protestation, before they joined the hunt—led always to the same result. Judged by a moral standard—I ask a thousand pardons for dragging in such a figure of speech— we and they were invariably on an equality; of the earth earthy—with but one object, in view—enjoyment of life." " Yoa have missed your vocation, Harold; you should have been a new-school preacher." " I have missed niuch—of which I shall never now obteic possession. What I have said has been not in justification but in explanation of myself. Mauvnio, in all that I have joined, in all that I have participated, I have never once had reason to suppose that innocence was betrayed." "Poor innocence! and ei.nole, unsophistilated Harold ! I see the dimmest glimmer of a iight" " It will become clearer with every word that follows. I come, then, once more, to the night so vividly recalled by Margaret Sylvester. I need not detail egain the events of that night." " For love's sake, no! It is as clear to me as it seems to be to you; although why it should have so much affected you passes my comprehension. But I shall be soon enlightened." " I had arrived, without premeditation, in a town in which you were c. .king a brief stay; I could stop bnt a few hours. There was but one hotel for gentlemen in the town, atd there I put up. I was young at the time" " Very nearly as young, my dear Harold, as you are at the preseut time." " I would it were so. We had met before, and bad formed an agreeable acquaintanceship, almost, if not quite a friendship. You professed to be delighted to see me. ' Harold,' said yen, ' I can give you a night of pleasure and delight. There is here a travelling manager, with two of the loveliest creatures you have ever beheld. I have engaged them to sing and dance in a theatre actached to his hotel, and only my private friends are to be admitted to witness the performance. The manager is a scoundrel, and the girls — well, what such girls usually are. - Dine with me, and be my guest for the night.' I gladly consented —I was proud of your friendship, Mauvain, for your name stood high, as it has always stood, and to be accepted by you waB a mark of distinction. Believe me it was cot on those worldly grounds that you won me; I had no sordid object in view ; but it was because I fancied I discerned in you a nature akin to my ewn." Harold's voice faltered as he recalled these youthful dreams, and his head drooped, and Mauvain, as he regarded the man, who was young enough to be his sou, was stirred by an unusual tenderness. He placed his hand upon Harold's hand and for a moment Harold allowed it to rest there. Then he drew it softly away, and raising bis head, gazed at Mauvain sadly, with tears in his eyes. Mauvain, scarcely knowing what he did, held out his arms, as though he would embrace his friend; but Harold held bick, and Mauvain's arms fell to his side. In a constrained voice he said, " Your memory is pirftct; proceed." JJ^ 