$M^^§:::W:i ^ v^. ;-.:;;ILLUSIYE VISIONS,^' ;' ? -v .'?'.'-U6DSBN--'Boictaoe'-haa mado'tiB aware tbnt the-olrl bbHet.iu. apparitions rested' 'on nothing more than illn&ivo; fancies caused by some kind oi phyeioal' derangement nf tho person bo; afleotod. It is important that voting persons Bbould be mado thoroughly aware of the faot that there never was and never will be nny suoh fancy which is sot capable of being explained npon natural Rnnnds. A nereon in wenk health, though1 in peifoob possession of till his laoaltiea, begins to bo troubled by waking visions of persona, with whom ho mny be familiar, or who may h»ve been long dead, or who sometimes may appear nt perfeot strangers to him.- The apeotrea who. flit before him. 'ootne like ehadowi' and ' «o .depart.1' They represent, ia thn most perfeot. mnnner, the reproductions of things that ' are or wer« — utterly Intangible oreationa. Tha lubjsct of theae vlaltatious mny hear the upeotrea convorn, and they may even talk in turn to him. Ht in perfeotly aware of their visionary natuie, and la as convinced of thtlr unreality »s is the friend who sees them not, nnd to whom the phantomi are described. No lusplctons of ioiano delusion' as to these visitations can be entertained for a moment, aud- the queation may therefore naturally be put to the man of eciencn, 'How can thcae illuiiona be accounted for?' The answer is to be found in one ot the simplest ttudiea in the phyai ?ology of nerves and of mind, and shows un that theBe illusions have » material bnals, or that, in the words of the poet, the ' ihadow proves the subntnnoo true.' To thoroughly eluoldate -the subjoot of Illusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vleion, suoh na have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the PhyBlolonlat. One of the best known onaea — deriving ita intercut from the fact that the euljsct of the vialtationa in question bimaelf narr&teB; tho f uota — Is that ol Nicola), a well-knowu ultlztn and bookeeller ot Berlin, who road a'i account of his oaae before thu Berlin Academy of Solenoes. Wo «hall give the aooount in his own words. 'Daring the few lmtor months of the year 1J90,' snya Nicolai, 'I bad experienced several melon-' choly incidents, whioh deeply affeotod mo, particularly in September, from which titan I unffercd an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that affeoted me with the most poignant' grief. I was aooustomed to bo bled twico a year, and this had been done once on the 9 ill of July, but was omitted to be repeated at tho eDd of tho year 1790. . . I lind, in January and February of (he yej^r 1791, the additional misfortune toexperibnoo Buvural extremely unpleasant circumstances, whiob wero followed on tho 24lh of February by a most violent altercation. My wifo and another person camo into my apartment in the morning in order to ooneole me ; bat I was too muoh agitated by a sorios oi inoidenta whioh had moat powerfully nffootod my moral feeling, to be oapablo of attending to them. On a sudden, I peroeived, at about the distaaoo oi ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if Bho did not see it. It was but natural that sbo should not gee anything ; my question therefore alarmed her very muoh, and Bho Bent immediately for a physi cian. The phantasm oontinued for some minutes. I grew at length more culm, and being extremely exhausted, tell into a rest less sleep, wbioh lasted about half-au-liour. The jih.VBioiau asoribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind bad in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further oouBcqaenoea, which deserve a more minute description. 'At four in the aiternoon, the form wbioh I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when : this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, wont to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was purseou'.td by the form, whioh, however, at intervals disappeared, and always pre sented itself in a standing posture. About Bix o'olook tbore appeared also several walking figures, whioh had no connection with tbo firet. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared ; but its plaoo was Bupplied with many othsr phantasms, Bomoiimea representing acquaintances but mostly strangers : tboso whom I knew, wore oom posod of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively small. . . When I shut myoyeB these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though thore were instances when I boheld them with . my eyca oloaed ; yet, when they disappeared on snob, oooasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. . . They all ap peared to mo in their natural size, and an distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of oitrnation in the unoovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dreBseB, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real n at aro ; none of tho liguroB appeared particularly terrible, oomi oal, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent Buape, and some presenting a pleasing aspoat. Tho longer these persons oontinued to visit me, tho more frequently did thoy return, while at the same tima they9 inoreftBod in number about four weeks after they bad first appoared. I also began to hear th«m talk ; sometimes ainoni- them selves, but- moro frequently thoy addressed their discourse to me ; their Bpseohoa bofng uncommonly short and never of an unpleas ant turn. At different timos there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both Boxes, wbuBO addresses tended to appease my grief, whioh had not yot wholly subsided ; their oonsolatory epeoohes were in general addressed to me when I was alone. Some times, however, I was aooostod by these con soling friends while I was ongagod in oampany, and not unireqnently while real persons wero speaking to me. The aonsoln tory uddrcBBus ooneisted sornotitnes of abrupt pbrasoB, and at other timoa they were regularly exeouted.'. , Suoh was Nioolai'B aooount of the phan tom-visitors who addressed and oonsoled him in his domestio affliction. It is interesting to purBue Btill farther bis aooount of their disappearance. The reader will reoolleot that Nioolai had negleoted to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood- lotting in whioh. it was oastomary in the doyq we epeak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last dooided that leeoheB uhould bo uaod, and on 20th April, 1791, at eleven o'alook in the morn ing, Nioolai informs us the oporation was performed. ' No person,' he continues, 11 was with me besides the aurgdou ; but dur ing tho operation iny chamber was ocpwdod with humaa visions of all descriptions, This oontinued uninterruptedly till about hulfan hour altar four o'olook, juut when my digest tion oommenood. I then perooived that they began to move more slowly. ' Soon after, their oolour began to fade, and at seven o'olook tbey woro entirely white. But they moved veiylittlo, though the forms wero as distinct as before; Browing, howover, by degrees more obscure, yet not fower in num ber, as had generally beon the case. . . They now Boemod to. dissolvo in the air, while . fragment!) of somo of them oontinaed visible for a oonbidorablo time. About eight o'olook tho room was entirely olearod of my fantastio visitors, S,inoe that time,' adds Nioolai, ' I have felt twioe or throo times a sensation aB if they wore going to rouppoar, without, however, aotually soeing anything. The same souBation surprised me just before I drew up this aooount, whilo % was examin. ing flomo papers relative tq tboeu phenomona, whioh I had drawn up in tho year 1791.' Suoh is a historical' account of what may appear to the senses of a sane ami reasonable individual. Before entering on their soien tifia explanation it will bo advisable to give one or two further examples of the phono moua in quoBtion. On the oooaoion of the fire wbioh destroyed part of the Orystol Palacp, in the winter of 18B0-7, pmt of tbe mtHPB«lIo bad beon saorifloed to tho fl«mtis, The ohimpaniieei lioWeynr, waa,^ ^^bnHeved to ^aT^:;;;esoaped;,vfrpm\\.-hi8 engfi^f 'atid;. .wbb i'. preaently Beenbh.tbn »onf endeavouring to, Baye bimaelf by olutbhing itiiwild-dpspair one .of , tho. iron bBams^whibh- iheiifl'roiliacl Bpared, '.Tho.;:glrt)(jgloB ;of (ho animiltwerSwatohBd with^an^ibtouao^'bai-'|(bsUy.:iiniiii|le-il'-'^lth borrtr and Bympattefpr the-'BnppoBBd fato whioh /awaitod tho^'unforVuniito': mojiikey.* WuatwRB tho uurprltie of the Bpootators of an imminent, tragedy to : find that' the objeot whiob, in tbe Raieo ot a terrified npo, had exoitod their feorp, resolved itBelf into a piooo of onnvas blind, no tattered, that to the eye of the: imagination' and when moved by the wind, it presented tho cxao( ooanterpnrt of ttBtrnggllng. animal I ; , -??„ ??'??'-. -'-.:. Such an exnniplo la of ' oBpeolal intertat, b«cnuae it proven to nn that nob one person iilotie, bub % large number of npaotatora may be deceived by an' cbjeofc imperleotly seen— »nd aided in the Illusion by a vivid imagina tion— into fancying all the details of. a- apeotaole of which the dbUf actor it entirely a myth. ? ?? . '...,..? ?.'?. .-.?' ?' ? - . ,: ',? . '? ? :?? A ninRular caso haa been given on atriot medlual nu\horlty pt 'a lady, who, walking from Penrhyn to Falmouth— her mind being occupied with ; tho subjeot ef drinking fountaina— whb oertain ah« a«w in the road a nowly ?erected' fountain, beating the lnacrlp tlon, ' If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink.' Aa a matter of cburae she mentioned her interest id seeing such »n erection to the daughters of the gentleman who was Buppoaed to have plaoed the fountain In ita poaltlon. They assured her that no auch fountain wa- in. eslstenoe ; but, con-' vinced jof tho reality of her aenses on the' ground that ' aqelug la believing,' she repaired to the Bpot whore ahe had seen the fountain, only to find, however, a few santtpred stoneu in . place ' of the , expeoted erection. ;?.' ' v ' ' We may now turn to consider the eolontiflo explanation of nuoh curious phenomena , in. human existence. The cauaea of these illusions sre not dlffloult to understand, since they In reality depend upon a»lliht derange ment of the poweru whereby woaee and hear iu an ordinary and normal method. : To make our meanlnK claar, let.ua briefly cocsldor what takes place in ordinary senaation, when we aee or hear the objeota and Bounds of every.day exiatence. The eye allghtiog on nn oijeot tranaf«rg «n lmpreaaion of. that objeot to, the brain through the apecial (optic) nerve ' of sight, which, leida from the .eye to the part of the brain nxorclslng the aenoe of siqht. We in rculity ilo.not aae with the eye. . That orgun is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to recelvo, focus, and otherwise adjust rays of light streaming from the objects we Bee. Tae function of the eye is Bimply that of adjuatlng and correlating the conditions neceaaiiry for the production ot an impreaiion. Tula impression' in cairied in due couiso to a speolal part of the bntin, where It becomes transformed into a apeoial senaatlon— that of sight. We thus truly sen, not with the eya, hut with the brain, or rather with that porfion. of the brainwhieh lies in direct relation with ihi nerves of sight. The . eye represents the lentei , of the photogn'pher's camera; but the brain corre ?pondn to th» aenaitive piste which receives the Image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alteration* of the image are effeoWd. Of the other aanses, thu Bame prominent feature may aho be exprersed — namely, that in the brain and not in the niero prgan-of senee must be allocated the trun Beat of knowledge. The ear modifies waves of sound ; but it is ' the ' bruin which distinguishes, rtppreoiatea, and acts upon the Information conveyed by the' organ ot hear ing. The finger touches an object ; but the seat of knowledge does not exiat at the extremity of the 'hand. The impression of touch Is duly oonveyed to the brain -ib before, thero ' to be analysed, commented Upon, and, if necessary, aoted upon aa well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses reata the whole explanation, of the ghoata and* apparitions whioh occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. Wbeitpo nro conscious of looking at a real object, aWuEulion of sight ia formed in the brain, ofl fie h'avn seen. Such a aeoaation we oallod jpi 'objeotive' one, beoausa it is deiivo1^ i'rom *. veritable object. So also, whec\ye bear a tune played by .a pereoa whombwo8eo, or of whose existence, even, when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the aensatioiji of sound is then called ''subjeo tive.' But there aro many familiar instances in whioh the power of the mind to reproduce tho sensations,' sights, and Boundjd we have received ia demonstrated. Tad. nay-dreamer- oan Bomntimea bring the BCfc^ A^i.n whioh he has once taken part bo viviuTy before hi8 mental gaze, tbafc his reverie may actually be broken by the ?words whiab. . unconsciously flow from htB lip». as hiB imagination starts into bodily action. Such- a power of fanoy and imagination iB the beginning or faint imitation of a. still more powerful means wbioh we possess of bringing before our solves tho forms and Bcenes which . have (jnce boon objectively present' with us. Ia the dream this power is illustrated typioalljr enough. JProm the background of oonsciouBnoss, so to speak, ; we projeat forward b, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be ?' pieoing togethor from the odds and ends of its fanoy to form the ludioroua com binations we are familiar with in the 'land of Nod.' And if we1 carry the idea of' thia Baine power being exeroised in our waking moments, to form tho ghoBta of science, the explanation of tho othorwiso curious and mysterious subject of illusive visions will be completa. ? ? . Wo know then that the brain 'has ' the ordinary power of forming images whioh may be projected outwards in: tho form of the fancies of overy-day lifo. But those projeoted fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requixito oon ditiong. When we hear ' a riuging in the 9aist' we know perfectly well that no objeotive - sound exists, and eoientifioally we say that the sensation of hearing in each a oasa is an internal or subjective one.. When we see flashes of light wbioh havo no exittonoe in the outside world on whioh we happen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on snob, a baBis, the ghosts of Boienoe are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nioolai, like the sparks or flashes of light, are subjeotive sen nations. ' They ariso, in other words, from eorao irritation of that part of the brain whioh would havo roooived tbo improaaionu of Bight had tbo objeots in question bad an actual exiatenoe. But the subject alao involvoa a reforence to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will ba found that illubjvo viijions appear only when the health of. the Bubjeot of these visitations is in a weakly atalo. Tho derangement of the health ia the primary oaaae of th--se ouriouu states: It is, howevor, equally worthy of remark that many of tho php.niiiBuja oi Ninolai were, persons whom he k,now, Suoh visions then may be euppoand to. simply represent the eileots of, vqr$ recent images whioh had bean received and Btored in the brain, and whioh were evolved by the exorcise of uuoonaoious memory. Of the deoeasod persons whoso itnagoa njipaaroi - to' him, tbo same remark .may be inade-r^mamory again reproducing, by the subjootivo impressions of tbo br.ajn, the . forms of dead friends., But what, it may be asked, of , the 'strange visions whom Nioolai did not recognise P Tbo reply which science offers Js that theso also wero images or conceptions. of peraona whom Nicolai must hayqsoen at some timo, but. whom, ho couldl not , remember .; luyftovioua roproduotions, ,by the briiin, of ov'onts whioh nave been impressed thoroon, but which had oscaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even thecharaotors whom Nioolai may havo simply 'hoard described could he thuo produoed,' and prosont' ap yaron^ly thoimagds of persons with whom bo was not, ftp a matter of ^conscious rrtemory, familiar. ' Tho brain, in othor words, regiatorg aud remember^ more than memory can evolve j and1 itria reasonable to oeRoeive tbtdt forgotton images of thlnefs or, persona bneb aden formed(the mysterioiiB' . atranirersof Nieolai'B wafeirigTdreamsi ; V ?;., It is ,';htjtfiworthy, thatiipnly'df ter:,'a; long : poriodbf nsitationfromhisFantflstiofriendB, . did Nicbli^v bogin. to yhear'i;'jthom';;Sr)6ak.' :. Thti's the sensq :6| i; hearing vhM als'6' dome in time td'Jend itsaid in ptb^agating.ithe illusions ;';;5nnd ,-t^e f aot that vthe ^Visions' addresserl' Nicolai' cpnoehiiD'gL-V'-Vla:'i.owu immodiato affairs' and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the unconsoious action of a mind which was brooding' over its own trials, and whioh was evolving from within itself the comfort and conso-. la'ti'onbf kindly friends.' Last 'of all, that the material basis of these visionary friondB resided in^tho weakly, body oftheir. host is proved by their disappearance on tho resump tion, of the customary blood-letting and the iin'p'rovement'of the health1— an additional (act showing tbe relation of the healthy bpdy to ihe sound mind. ?' - . . - - . : .?: ? One of the most interesting oases of vlsion eeoing by a personof oalture and (ntelligenoB 1b that related - in the Athenanim of 10th January, 1880, by the Bev.^Dr. Jeesopp, who, in Lord Oiford's library, when engaged in copying Bomo literary notes, saw a,' large white hand, and then, as he tellBus, perceived ' the figure of a somowhat large .man, with 'his baok to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining: the pileof books I had been at work upon.' The figure was ; drsasad in gome antique ecoloBiaatical garb. : The flgore vrtished whenDr. JeBBopp made, a movement with his . arm, hat re appeared, and again vanished when, the reverend narrator threw down a book with, whioh he had been .engaged.-. Dr. . Jeasopp's . reoital oallod forth considerable comment, and a letter from Dr. Andrew Wilson of Bdiribargh, presenting a theory, based on the principles of subjective seneationB, treated of in the present paper. After, detailing tho fashion in whioh snbjeotive sensations become ' projeoted forwards,, . Dr. Wilson - bb.vb (Athenmum, 17th January, 1880) :. ' The only point oonoerning wbioh any dubiety, exists, oonoerns the exact origin of the Bpeoilio images which appear as the result of sub jective sensory action. My own idea is that almost invariably the projeoted image is that, of a person we have Been and read about. , . . In Dr. Jessopp'a oaBO there is one fact whioh Booms to weigh materially in favour of the idea that the vision which appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an an oonsoioos reproduction of soma mental imoga or figure about whioh the doctor may very likoly have concerned himself in tho way_ of antiquarian Btudy,' ; It is most interesting to observe that in the succeed ing number of the Atheuaium, a 'Mr. Walter Eyo writes: 'Dr. A. Wilson's solution that the ' speqtre' . . was an iin conBcious. reproduction of some mental linage orfigureabout which Dr. Jesscpp may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study,. seeins' the right one, and I think I can identify the 'ghoBt.' .The ? ecclesiastically, dressed large man, with closely cut, reddish-brown hair, and shaved oheek,. appears to me the doctor's remembrance ,of the portrait of Parsons, the .Jesuit Father, whom he calls, in his 'One Generation ;of a Norfolk House,' 'the manager and moving spiiit' of the Jesuit mission in England. . , Dr. Jessopp, when he thought he saw the figure, was alone in' an old library, belong, ing to a Walpole, and father Parsons was tho leader of Henry Walpole, the hero of his just-cited book.. Small wonder, there fore, if the association of the ideas made him thint of Parsons.' ' ? All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as the creatures of an imagina tion which; through some brain disturb ance, is enabled, to project ' its visions forward, on the seats of sense, as the 'ringing' in our ears is produced by somo irritation of the hearing-centre of tho brain. The known vision is a reproduction of a present memory', and the unknown vision is the reproduction of a ' forgotton figure which has, nevertheless, been stored away in somo nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. .'.,'' , Science may thus — as we have before had frequent occasion to assure our readers -^dispel the illusion by its free explanation j and scieneo has 'no higher function or nobler use thanwhen, by its aid, a subject like the present iB rescued from the domain of tho mysterious, and brought within tbe sphere of ordinary knowledge.— Chambers Journal. 