THE CLEYVEK COLLAPSE. I TRO II THE SATURDAY REVIEW.] It ia impossible at the firot moment adequately t< estimate the severity of tho blow which " thi Church Association" has by its own vindictivi ohstinaoy brought upon itself in itu contesi with tho Bishop of Oxford and Giuon Carter If tho now solemn league and covenant hac only been litigious and persecuting, after the manner of men, it would have sat down aud striver to make tho best ot' ita defeat last year in tho Cour! cf Appeal. Br. Juliu» was confessedly tho puppet oi unorganised conspiracy in London, to which Clowei was only a name and a battlefield, and even con spirators might bo satisfied when a unanimous court, in the persona of Lo:ds Bramwell, Bagçallny, and Thesigcr, confirmed tho appeal which had come bofore it from tho narrow aud crotchetty decision o) this Queen's Bjnch, under whichbiehopB found thom' selves reduced to the humiliating bondition of mere officers of tho court for tho furtherance of vexatiout prosecutions. But tho promotera of tho Buit hac gone too far for retreat, when, in furtheranco oj their avowed intention of crushing their aged am honoured victim, they passed over the Pub!» Worßhip Aot of 1S74 in favour of what they hoptc and believed to bo the moro mercilera " Char ct Discipline Act" of 1840; so, in tho spirit of tho in fatuatod Emperor, when ho telegraphed back tc Paris, " Tout peut . so rétablir," they electee to make a daah into their Soüan, thal Houso of Lords from which thoro ia ne appeal. Tho blow which thc Church Association has thus brought npon itself is not to bo measured bj the many thousand pounds which in will wring fron its sanguinary votaries, nor by tho disappointment which it will feel in lesing what seemed to bo so snr< a chanco of persecuting mon so woll hated as th( Bishop of Oxford and Canon Carter. Tho rejectior of its appeal is a rout, and not a defeat, as tho con demnation of its policy, pronounced by tho mouth ol .tho law, will bo endorsed by common sense and th< genoral moral sentiment ot tho oonntry. If anythinj wcro wanting to complote tho catastrophe, it wonk oe found in thc antecedents and plainly cxpressec personal opinions upon ritual and ecclosiastica matters of the four eminent jurists who composée the court ; for even tho Church Association wit hardly insinuate that the English Churoh Union cur have beguiled or terrorized Lord Cairns, Loi d Pon rance, Lord Selborno, and Lord Blackburn. The legal question at stake iros of a somewhat technical and restricted character, being tho conten tion as to whether the expression " it shall bo law ful" occurring in "tho Churoh Discipline Act ol 1840," as in so many other acts of Parliament, ought, as oommon senéo and grammar would dictate, to bo talton as permissive, or RB imperativo and obli gatory. The drift of tho contention in tho present case waB the presence or absence of discretion on tho part of a bishop to declino or entertain any com plaint about anjthing brought by anybody against any clergyman. Tho Quoen's Bench, for reasons in geniously expounded by the Chief Justice, decided that tho worda were obligatory, and imposed a duty, whilo thia deoision has been unanimously overthrown by tho intermediato and by the ultimato Court of Appoal. Sir Alexander Cockburn, taking a technical view of the authorities which carno under his notice, and not helped by tho Bishop of Oxford's counsel, who was none other than the Bishop him self, decided that for good or ill, those words must bo generally held to bo obligatory, and that tho onus ia each case of proving thom to bo permisaivo rostod on thoso whose interest lay that way. Ho found no snob proof in " th« Church Disciplino Act," and so, groaning much over the confusion which ho saw nmst result from his view ultimately prevailing, ho had no option but to compel tho prolato to obey tho behests of "the association." Tho higher courts, taking a wider and a simpler view of words which lord Cairns calls "plain and unambiguous," and "merely making that legal and possible which thoro would otherwise bo no right or authority to do," havo reversed tho presumption. The words-so it is now decided-aro generally permissive, though there is a large and clearly definable class of casos in whioh they become obligatory, not propria vigore, bat in virtuo of another principle as plain and unam biguous as tho first ono. Tho cases which misled the Chief Justioo cati all be referred to this principio, which is tersely summed up by Lord Penzance as follows :~"The conclusion arrivod at by tho courts iu these casos was this : that regard being had to tho Bubjectmatter, to the position and charactor of tho porson ompowerod, to tho general object of tho statutes, and, above all, to tho position and rights of tho person or class of persons for whoso benefit tho power waa conferred,the oxerciso of such discretion hythe porson empowered could not have been in tended." The question which the House of Lords had to corridor was whether tho ease now before thom fell pudor this exception ; and the reasons which led the judgos unanimously to resolve that it did not so fall give us the clue to the policy and intentions of " the Church Association." In other words, tho evils , which, as tho law lords declare, would flow from rending tho Churoh Disciplino Act in the way which tho "Church Association" has tried to forco apon tho bishops and judgos, are the vory object for which that poatilent confederation exists and energises. In defining them, wo shall avail ourselves 4L tf^ Cairns'a language. Tho association claims that 'anyone who never entered the parish, who never had boen in England, who waa ignorant perhaps ^of tho language, who waB not a member of tho Church of England, who was not possibly a 1 u er *n Christianity, or who was a pauper or wholly unable to answer tho coats of tho suit," may force .tho bishop to nrooeod, though "the offenco charged may boan offonoo against tho laws ecclesias tical, hut it may bo of so trifling and insignificant a nature, that no ono having any discretion in tho matter ought to' allow it to bo tho subject of litiga tion. Suoh is tho demand of the association, ^buoapon its policy Lord Solborno dryly observes : It is, at least, not obvious that it'wou'd bo for tho interest either of the Church or of tho Stato to open or leavo opon so very wide a door to private in tolerance, contentiousness, uncharitableness, or fully." . ! Hero wo have tho Church Association, painted by artists whom no ono will acenso of being aotuatedby ? »ny malicious prepossessions against it, and thocom . »on sonao of moderato, peaceable church people will welcome with thankfulness the revelation and tho diacomfitnro of its cat's-paw tho too-daring parish ioner of " Glower." Aa at tho downfall of his more eminent namesake, 1 Ero tho mightieet Julius fell, Thc ghosts did squeak and gibber in tho Kornau streets so thero will bo much squeaking and gibboriug, wo make no doubb, and perhaps oven moro naughty sonndB in tho committee room of thc Church Associa tion. But the tide is on tho turn, and tho general community will, we aro sure, recognise that thc Churoh of England must tolerato great variety within tho limits of tho prayer book ; and that whoro ovor thoro is real zeal and an earnest purpose, it must not bo too severo oven «pon occasional excess or defect, unless it desireB to give comfort to that agitation of the enemies of the Church of England, the inferential encouragement of which by Mr. Herbert Gladstone has been astonishing the electors of Middlosex, when tho young candidato informed them that " He would desire to maintain tho his torical connection of the Church witli tho State; but if public opinion declared itself decisively against tho connection, ho would not stand in tho way of the wishes of the majority of tho people." 