An Interesting Case. A singular cans, illastratirg a pnate of bmn lift, was hoard at the civil sittings nf tbe last oirenlt court at Deniliqnin. It was an action brought by some tank-sinkers, Ckose and another against tho station-holders. Mesers. Brown. Oakdea. and Co.. to recover the diifercnea between Is 3d and Is ed p?r pquR.ro yard of erc&vstion; of a tank constructed by plaintiffs on defendants* station. Tho caif con the face of it appeared to be p&rivctly; plair, and fro:u remn.rke »odo before tha trial the defendantfl hud not a ghost of a ehance of winning. The case tor the plaintiffs wae that they baa contracted aud agreed to conetmot tbe tank in quostion, contents 10,000 yards, at Is 6d per, eqniiro yard; and that they performed tho work to tts satisfaction ol tbo defeniratB. The plaintiffs— for whom Mr. Townoend M'Dormott, of Mi'lbonrne, oppeared— also procucod a written agree mcntstitingtfmt tho pries was to be Is Cd pnr sqnare yard. Mr. G. B. Simpeon.who was instructed by Mr. £ced, of Hay, for tbe defendants, made a olerer and Etiocotaful defence, oad proved tliit though the plain tiffd held awiitton agreement, taut the agreement was not made in good taith,aiid wan, in foot, a mistake so far as the tvordc obb sbillinir and oirpenoe wero con 001 netl, and that they should have been ' oneBhillini? and threepenoe.' The original orroemrat, whioh was Te&d; to tho plaintiffs, contained the words ' oso shilling and threepence,' and in copying the duplicate the mistake moat hive occurred. In proof of this Mr. Simpaon called two wjtnossas,neighbouring squatters, who had maie similar oontraots for dam sinking, ant; had borrowed from the defendants tee aeraoment to tiiko pattern by. They distinctly rcmBmbired that the price was Is 3d, and in fact this was tho raling price in the district. The defendants, how ever, were ch&llsngcd; to produce this agreement, but thoy could not do so boca-ano it had been stolen from tho houae during their absence in Melbourne. The drawers hod besn burst open, and tb»ngh a diamond pin was amongst the rjap3rB,thi« identical paper alone was misting. Tho cook, who woe in the nonse at the time, was not called to [rive evidenoe, but defendants, who were working abant a mile 'ana a half distant, wore shown that the drawers had been broken open. The case wan pnt to the jury in ncnpittl manner, and resnlted in a vardictfordefen dsnts. Tho plaintiffs wara ninth ohsgrinncd,aad learnt for tho first time that a written agreement 1b hoc alrcays binding. 3S1 toss of obppsr wero dispatched from the Great Cobar mine during the past month. A fracas teok plaoe this morning at tfio Market WtrnrE between some of the potato dealers and an auotioaecr ia tho prodnoo trade. The pretence of the police prevented any serious dsmaja to citaer side. Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin have par cbseed the premises at the roar of their ebon* In Mocijuarie Plaoe, and intend erecting additional atoms for the reception of prodnotaon. 1 The F. and U. Oo. have established s branoh offioe in Sydney, nader toe management of Captain Kirton. Tho Company have taken offices in Lyons' Chambern. It ia understood that their vestals will go to the. A. S. K. Co.'s berths. Tan Qnettisland National Bank, whioh has, through the City Bosk, done a to»»iaer&We; »»onit ot business in Sycney, bu pnrohaied V-e premises In Pitt-strest eoonpied by the Bank of New Zealand, for tha snm ef £12,000, and will shortly open a Sydney branoh there. Ths bank of Itew Zealand has pnreaatfed the premiies now occupied by the Anstrshan Mntoal 7»rid«nt Boelaty f of iabJOOO, and will carry on thoir business in thast premiiet. ' It is stnng*,' said a y-mr.g nan, *? that * poorly ednoatcd girl stands jnst 'a« goat* ohameo ?( tnarry ing well as a scholarly one.' — ' Not at all strangB,' rcuposded a lady. ' becunao tho faot is that tho yonng men are cot sufficiently well eduoatod to know the difference.' 