WAS IT A NIGHTMARE? A young English lady who is said to possess remarkable and hereditary acumen, relates iu Notes and Queries the following strange personal experience in an old York shire maneiou : — ' What I am going to relate,' she says, 'huDDened to mvself while staying with gome North-country cousins, last July, at their house in Yorkshire. I had spent s\ few days there in the summer of the previous year, but without then hearing or seeiu-r anything out of the common. On my second visit, arriving early in the afternoon, I went out boating with some of the family, spent a very jolly evening, and finally went to bed— a 'little tired, perhaps, with the day's work, but not the least nervous. I slept soundly until between 3 aud 4, just when the day was beginning to break. I had been awake for a short time, when suddenly the door of my bedroom opened and shut again rather quickly. I fancied it mi^ht be one of the servants, and called out', 'Come in.' After a short time the door opened again, but no one came in — at least, no one that I could see. Almost at the same time that the door opened for the second time, I was a little startled by the rustling of pome curtains belonging to a hanging wardrobe, which stood by the side of the bed ; the rustling continued, and was seized with a most uncomfortable feeling, not exactly of fright, but a strange unearthly sensation that I was not alone. t1.:J l.«J lkn» foniinrr for Kfllllfi lllinUteS. when I saw at the foot of the bed a child, about seven or nine years old. The child seemed as if it were on the bed, and came gliding towards me as I lay. It was the figure of a little girt in her night dress— a little girl with dark hair aud a very white face. I tried to speak to her, but could not. She came slowly on up to the top of the bed, aud I then saw her face clearly. She seemed in great trouble; her hands were clasped, and her eyes were turned up with a look of entreaty— an almost agonized look. Then slowly unclasping her hands, she touched me on the shoulder. The hand felt icy cold, and while I strove to speak she was gone. Ffelt more frightened after the child was gone than before, and began to be very anrious for the time when the servant would make her appearauce. Whether I slept again or not I hardly know. But by the time the servant did come I bad almost persuaded myself that the whole affair was nothing but a very vivid nightmare. How ever, when I came down to breakfast, there were many remarks made about me not looking well ; it was observed that I was pale. In answer I told my cousins that I had had a most vivid nightmare, and I re marked, if I was a believer in ghosts, I should imagine I had seen one. Nothing more was said at the time upon this subject, ex cept that my host, who was a doctor, ob served that I had better not sleep in the room again, at any rate not alone. ' So the following night one of my cousins slept in the room with me. Neither of us saw or heard anything out of the way during that night or the early morning. That being the case, I persuaded myself that what I had seen had been only imagina tion, and, much against everybody's ex pressed wish, I insisted the next night on sleeping in the room again, and alone. Ac cordingly, having retired again to the same room, J was kneeling down at the bedside to say my prayers, when exactly the same dread as before came over me. The curtains of the wardrobe swayed about, aud I had the same sensation as previously, that I was not alone. I felt too frightened to stir, when, luckily for me, one or my cousins came in for something which she had left. On looking at me she exclaimed, * Have you seen auything ?' I said * No,' but told her how I felt ; and without much persua sion being necessary, I left the room with her, aud never returned to it. When my hostess learned what had happened (as she did immediately) she told me I must not sleep in that room again, as the nightmare had made such an impression on me, I should imagine, she said, all sorts of things, and make myself quite ill. I went to another room, and during the rest of the visit (a week) I was not troubled by any reappearance of the little girl. 'On leaving, my cousin, the eldest daughter of the doctor, went on a visit with me to the house of an uncle of mine in the same county. We stayed there about a fort night, and during' that time the * little girl' was alluded to only as my ' nightmare.' ' In this I afterwards found there was a little reticence, for, just before leaving my uncle's, my cousin said to me : * I must tell you something I have been longing to tell you ever.siuce I left home. But my father desired me not to tell you, as, not being very strong, you might be too frightened. Your nightmare was not a nightmare at all, but the apparition of a little girl.' She then went on to tell me that this * little girl' had been 6een three times before, by three different members of the family, but as this was some nine or ten years since, they had almost ceased to think anything about it until I related my experiences on the morn ing after the first night of my second visit ' My cousin further went on to tell me that her younger sister had whilst in bed one morning, about daybreak, to her great surprise, seen a little girl with dark hair, standing with her back to her, looking out of the window. She took this figure for her little sister, and spoke to it. The child not replying or moving from her position, she called out to it, ' It's no use standing like ; I know you ; you can't play tricks with me.' On looking round, however, she saw that her little sister, the one she thought she was addressing, and who was sleeping with her, had not moved from the bed. Almost at the same time the child passed from the window into the room of her (my cousin's) sister A ? , and the latter, as she afterward declared, distinctly saw the figure of a child with dark hair standing by the side of a table in her room. She spoke to it, and it instantly disappeared. The 'little girl' was subsequently again seen, for the last time before I saw it, bv my cousin's father, Dr. H ? . It wits in the early daylight of a summer's morning, and he was going upstairs to his room, having just returned from a pro fessional visit. On this occasion he caw the same child (he noticed its dark hair) running up the stairs immediately before, him, until it reached his room and entered it. When he got into the room it was- gone. ' Thus the apparition had been seen three times by the family, and once by me. I am the only, one, however, that ha« seen its face. It lias ^aleo never been seen twice iu the same room by any one else.' 