TEE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS IN ENGLAND. THE great Cricketing Associations of England cannot be complimented on their treatment of the Australians now playing among them. Ever since it has been the fashion for English teams to visit these colonies the visitors have been, received with open arms, and every effort was made both to show that they were wel come and to pit against them the very best, players that could be got together. Far otherwise has it been with our pre sent representatives in England. They were coldly received and carefully shut out of all the big matches of the season. The lords of the English cricket world decreed them sordid ill-mannered fel lows whom it would not be respectable to . encourage. And why ? Because a few larrikins in Sydney interfered and jostled Lord Harris and his men in a dis pute over a match being played there; and because our men play for gate money! Just as if the Australians were responsible for the acts of a mob or were doing any thing different to what the Englishmen did while here! Did the Englishmen come to Australia and play for the pure love of the game ? One and all, from Stephenson to Lord Harris, had a keen eye to the gate money, and they all carried home handsome golden souvenirs of their visit. The excuses put forward by English cricketers for their shabby treatment are very shal low and hypocritical; and we do not wonder that, when dissected by the other side, they are pronounced a sham, and that the true cause is looked for in an other direction. The Australians and their friends allege that the English cricketers are jealous of them, and that this jealousy leads them rather to dis parage their merits than to try to beat them fairly. There is apparently a good deal in this. The crack crick eters of England have not forgiven the first Australian eleven for the way they dressed them down, and their ill will has been increased by the way Lord Harris's eleven got beaten. The Sydney squabble, as a reason for not playing them, is all fudge. Their reception in England has had a chilling effect upon our players, but colonists will be all the more proud of them that they have had hearts big enough to keep up under it. They have traversed the counties of England with undaunted front, and have lowered the colors of dvery team that took them up. Out of twenty-five matches they have won eighteen by good odds, and the remaining seven were all drawn in their favor. Theyhave therefore played as gamely as if they were playing under the sunshine of the pick of England's cricketers. They have at last met with their reward. English outside opinion was roused in their favor, the London Press denounced the unhandsome treat ment of the English champions, and England's premier club has now ordered that the Australians shall be' met by as good a team of cricketers as England can produce. W. G. Grace has been author ised to make arrangements for this match, and it is expected to be one of the biggest draws of the season. It is pretty much a matter of indifference which side wins. Greek will be pitted against Greek, and both will do their level best to carry off the honors, and probably a little luck will decide which will do ifc. Our main interest in the affair is the tardy recog nition 6f our men, and we simply express our satisfaction at the return to a more generous feeling, the withholding of which had almost dried up the sympa thies of Australian cricketers from those of England. "We have not been disposed to look at the visit of the Australians as anything more than a private speculation of young feljowg wishing to visit Eng land and make a little money by the trip; it was only the coid ghoijlder shown to them, ^nd their studied neglect, that parsed us to think of it in a wider spirit. We had begun regard the slight of the team as a slight not to then), alone, but to the colonies at large. THE WET WEATHER AND THE DISTRICT. -We have discouraging reports front all parts of the district as to the effects of the wet weather. For some months the settlers on th§ draiped areas have been crying out and complaining that the drains did not carry oft thp 'water fast enough. As a pon sequence their operations have been delayed and in many cases rendered altogether abor tive by the flooding of their land. The season is now far advanced, and their posi tion has not improved. On the higher levels, rearer PAola, there is not so much to hurt, but the country is more flooded than it has been fop many years ; in fact it has never beep "k^oj^ji tp" bp fyigber, and the flood watpr is no$r moving dpwnwapds to the Eeedy Greek, wi}icb js already higlj. Qp the nats to the east of I^oVie,' apjl porth wards towards the Kingston railway, the water is steadily rising, and several of the selectors in the hundred of Bray have from 12 to *20 inches of water on their crops. One $election has wholly disappeared, and only. theVel^tgrs hogse is to be seen on a small island. Shouldrai# n$fc spesdUy abate there will be very little grain to' reap' on the farms along the Kingston railway. Tne selectors in these parts of the district are beginning to realise the fallacy of settlement, before drainage, and we may express the hope, now that attention has been so unfor tunately"d'r^yn to fhe subject, that the policy of putting' farmers' 6n the ground before it is drained will be reconsidered. JSven after drains are provided the case of the Mjllipe^t farmers is bad enough. Publtc MaEiiNw Mxllicent.-A well attended meeting was hetd at Willjcqnt ,qn | Saturday last to consider what was best to j be done in the matter of improving the drains. It was urged that the main drains pot sufficiently capacious to carry 4yay the yaisr poured into them by the subrdrsips, and* map jtfiis jsvjl was aggra vated thmjgfi tbje'sjiflets beipg fga a higher level than the drains E,e|olj^ tions were carried in favor of ageing" tlje Government to deepen the main drains and to increase the capacity of the sub-drain?. All who spoke on the subject predicted evil if ajmething was not speedily done to relieve the country of jts superabundant water. BEACHTORT.-In foe Assembly on Wed nesday last the Hon. L. (Hyde's motion in favor of presenting an address to the Gov ernor praying him to declare Beachport a P0jUng place, was carried. Ab a reason for doing £o he said tiie nearest polling place to Beachport; wiis'&l;^lliseni, 21 miles distant, and that over 100 people' pere living at Rivoli Bay, ! THE River Glenelg ia now said to be higher than it has been for the last tea years, It is How a enleadid looking stream. AN IMPUDENT BOLTKR,-A Mr. Schlesinger 1 who has been doing the South-East for the past six months as a surgeon-dentist, took an unceremonious leave of Mount Gambier between Saturday night and Sunday morn ing. He had been doing a fair business here for some weeks, and gave out that he meant to permanently reside in the district. On Saturday afternoon he visited a number of our stores and several good orders were booked to him. These were sent to his hotel, and aa it now appears were carefully packed and made ready for removal. Sus picion was aroused iu the hotel by his move ments and the landlord of the Commercial (Mr. .Newton) insisted on a settlement before closing. Mr. Anderson, ironmonger, from whom Schlesinger obtained a twelve-guinea gun, to be paid_ for on Monday, was also sus picious, and paid a visit to the hotel, and saw enough to satisfy him that his best policy was torecoverhisgun, which heluckilydid. About two o clock on Sunday morning Mr. Newton's stable-boy was aroused by Sohlesinger and ordered to get his horse and buggy ready, as he had a sudden call to go to Port MaoDon nell; but Mr. 2*ewtoa had taken the pre caution to keep the key of the stable him self, and had to be called. He then accused Schlesinger of being a swindler, and insisted before he^ got his horse on his leaving pay ment in his hands for several people who he knew had accounts against his lodger. This he did after being threatened with the police. He then got clear away, and we understand lost no time in getting across the border into Victoria. Schlesinger, it is said, took a con siderabl sum of money away with him, be sides his horse and buggy. He has left a large number of creditors considering the short tune he was here. It is an unfortunate state of the law that such a fellow can get clear away and not only defy but laugh at his creditors. _THE WILD MAN-It appears that Henrich Neilson, the Tallarook wild man, is simply a vagrant and a pilferer, and that he subsisted by his petty larcencies for some years past. In fact, two years ago he inhabited a cave near Broad ford. When arrested he had only a pair of trousers composed of multifarious patches and a Crimean shirt, but in his swag were many useful articles of clothing. THE PitrcE OF SHEARING.-Between 50 and 60 shearers assembled at the Oddfellows' Hall on Saturday evening to consider the advisability of taking some steps to raise the price of shear ing in the South-East. It was about 9 o'clock before the meeting proceeded to business, the reason of the delay being that some of the leaders of the movement did not show up punc tually. But at that hour the men assembled in one of the lodge rooms at the rear of the hall, and elected Mr. James O'Reilly to preside. The low price of shearing in the southern part of this district then formed the subject of a sliort conversation, and it was believed that very little effort would be required to have,the price raised from 32s. to £1 per 200. In Victoria, the north of Adelaide, and even iu the northern por tions of the South-East, much higher prices ruled than were given here, although in many cases the sheep were smaller and mucli easier to shear. The shearers in Victoria had formed themselves into a union to prevent the price of sheariug falling, and had been entirely suc cessful ; and whilst not endeavouring to extort excessive rates their action had prevented the price for shearing falling so low as to reduce the work to the level of ordinary labor. It was considered now too late in the season to form a union or take any elaborate mea sures for securing the end in view, but all pre sent pledged themselves to accept no shearing at a lower price than 14s. per 100. It was agreed that next year, if the necessity still existed, early measures should be taken throughout the South East to form a shearers' union lor the raising of the price of shearing to a reasonable figure. The meeting expressed the hope that their fellow shearers at Penola, Narracoorte, Kobe, and elsewhere, would second the resolve of the Mount Gambier meeting. THE REPORT OF THE FINANCE COMMIS SION.-The following are some of the resolutions adopted on the recommendation of the Finance Commission" That inasmuch as the proceeds' of land sold and alienated form part of the capital of the colony, and therefore ought to be applied to works of permanent value, the dis tinction between them and other kinds of re venue ought to be fully set forth in the published accounts; and the expenditure, which represents the cost of permanent additions to the general estate, ought also to be shown with as much distinctness as possible That the mode of dealing with the unexpended balances of votes at the end of each financial year should be altered as follows, viz. 1. That three days' grace be allowed from the expiration of the financial year for adjusting and paying accounts, after which time all votes shall lapse. 2. That provision be made for all accounts passed, but not paid, in a manner similar to the monthly 'outstanding accounts,' which are entered as part of the expenditure of the year. 3. That until the Estimates and Appropriation Act be passed the Government shall have authority, within the first six months of any financial year, to continue payments in respect of works; authorised in the previous year to the extent of the votes thereon that remain unexpended, not withstanding the votes have lapsed. 4. That all such amounts in detail, and other amounts intended to be spent in any year, must never theless be included in the Estimates anil Appro priation Act of the year. 5. That if the passing of the Estimates and Appropriation Act be de layed such powers as may be necessary Bhall be included in a Supply Bill." THE case against H. J. Horsfall, late Clerk of the Gawler Local Court, was decided in the Supreme Court on Thursday last. Horafall was found guilty of embezzling the moneys of the Government to the amount of nearly £800, and was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. The defalcations extended over a period of about 18 months, the largest amount, £238, being taken in March last. His plea was that he aid not mean to gteal the money, but that he neglected his work owiug to sickness in his family. Judge Boucaut told prisoner that his explanation was no extenuation of his crime. AGRICULTURAL BANK OF Souni AUSTRALIA. -A movement is on foot in which several of the leading agriculturists of the colony are interest ing themselves to establish a new Bank, to be called the Agricultural Bank of South Australia. Messrs. Bean Bros, haye the matter in hand at present, j»nd the prospectus will appear in a few days. As the name of the institution signifies it will be devoted mainly to further the business and secure the connection of the farming community. Many agriculturists have for years past expressed their desire for the establishment of an institu tion in which special regard should be paid to their requirements, and the promoters think that a fitting time has now arrived to put this pro ject in practice. There are often times at which farmers require that the same monetary facili ties should be placed at their disposal as are ob tainable by the mercantile classes, which hither to they hevp not bpen generally able to secure; to the great detriment of tljeir progress. It will be the aim of the Bank, therefore, to render them every legitimate assistance, the intention of the promoters being that their various manr agers shall tender such advice to their clients as will best conserve their interests, and render them aid in the time of financial difficulty: Amongst other advantages, it may be mentioned' tha£ telegrams recording the price of wheat in Enjjlaiifl "arid, other pofinfries will be constantly at the dfspogal of tfje Bank's customers. Ikgisicr. ? LIEUT. ROSE.-This clever conjurer was vary unfortunate at Mount Gambier, as at both his ^entertainments (on Fridayjmd_Saturday even ings) the audiences were small. Lieut. Rose puts himself forward as an exposer of spiritism, and certainly never did a Dr. Slade, a Miss Fox, or other " medium^' do any more remarkable feats than he performed in a coijip.afa^yaly uaostenta tious manner. His feats in imitation ot tlie so called spirit-freaks-the cabinet tricks, the hand cuff trick, and the ghost scenes-were perfect, and, as he alleged, proved clearly the impostures of spiritism. A variety of other clever feats were pej-formed, most of which the mediums" assert are dope by gpirifc agency. The conjurer had* no assistant, and'ljut little paraphernalia, such as usually forms an ifnportapt part of tfie stock-in-trade of a spiritist or wizard. Even his c3.bip.efc was only a flimsy framework of wood covered 57th one Miickpess pf chintz, and as it occupied the centre of tb,s Stage, t}ie geutlemen from the audience who volunteered to ogee;id tfip stage and see that all was fair, could wane round it. The scantiuess and simplicity of the furnishings, combined with the cleverness of the deceptions, made the entertainment all the more interesting. Ws will not attempt to describe any qf tlis but simply say that Lieuten ant Rose deserved"bp^t'ef houses tji^i lie had. Respecting the title which he assuip'ep ]lteute}jr ant Rose explained that he holds a commission in the United States army, which he received from President Lincoln as a reward for some deed of daring during the Civil War. The. con jurer left for Penola on Monday, where he .played tjis same evening. He intended going tberioe to Narracoorte. THE Premier of .Cape Colony represents £h2 colony to be in most nourishing circumBtancsi, every branch of industry prospering. ' The total estimated revenue for the ensuing-financial ypsx 18.80-81, including the present balances in the Treasury, is £2,692,00,0, the total estimated expenditure £2,516,000, showing & rcrplus of £176,000. . ? THE BROMLEY COMEDY TROUPE.-This com pany of comedians opened in the Institute Hall on Monday evening, but.were met by only a moderate audience. It consists of six mem bers-four gentlemen and two ladies-who are each well qualified to excel in the line they have adopted: On-Monday evening-the comedy of "Milky White" was first presented. Mr. Bromley, who is a capital comedian, having a large fund of natural humour, played the lead ing roli of Daniel White. - Hia daughter Annie was represented by Misa E.;Neilson (Mrs. Bromley), la the course of the piece Miss Neil son sang one or two songs successfully. The character of Dr. Goode,'Annie's lover, was taken by Mr. Devine; that of the maniacal Dick Duggs by Mr. 0. Newton, who played well; and that of Mrs. Saddripp by Mrs. Newton (Miss Tilly Earl). Then there followed some droll stories by Mr. Bromley, which evoked great merriment; one or two comic songs by the same gentleman; and two comic songs by Mr. Val Stacker, who acts as pianist to the Company. Mr. Bromley's songs were of a very difficult nature, but were rendered in a highly amusing manner. The entertainment concluded with a comedietta called "A kiss in the dark," in which Mrs. Newton took the part of Mrs. Pettibone and Mr. Newtou that of Mr. Pettibone. Last evening the pro | gramme was repeated before a better audience than on the previous evening. To morrow evening they play at Port MacDonnell, and on Saturday they will give a third and con cluding entertainment at Mount Gambier. LOCAL COUKT.-The adjourned case, Mac kenzie v. Fitzpatrick, which was down for hear ing at the Mount Gambier Local Court on Mon day, was settled out of Court; and ' the new case, J. Bennett ?. Gambier West Council, was withdrawn. As' these were the only ones on the cause list, the Court did not sit. WANTON MISCHIEF.-The Secretaiy of the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horticultural Society informs us that yesterday, in passing the society's show gronnds, he found a portion of the iron fence around it badly battered; apparently by stoues, and in one place a large hole was knocked through it. This wanton mischief is very reprehensible, and we hope the reward of £1 offered for the 'discovery of the offenders will have the desired result of leading to their detec tion. WE would remind our readers and others of Mr. Ehret's sale of Mrs. Brydonls household furniture, &c.;, on the premises to-morrow, at half-past 12 o'clock^; also Mr. Pascoe'a sale of furniture, &c.;, at the South-Eastern Bazaar- on Friday next at half-past one o'clock. (See advts.) DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.-On Saturday last a lad named James Blacketer, aged 17 years, died in the Monnt Gambier Hospital from , hip disease and abscesses. He was formerly, a resident of Penola, and had been in the Hospital eight months. A GHOST STORY.-On Thursday night last, sometime before the,hour of,twelve,r-Mr. A. Hamilton, a resident of" Rosaville, was going along one of the streets of that suburb, in order to meet his wife, who had been on a visit to a friend. He had not gone far before he observed at a short distance ahead an apparently tall figure," draped in a white sheet, moving slowly towards him. The object at first sight, in the dim moonlight, looked some thing like seven feet high, and for a moment, although he never believed in ghosts before, he thought he must alter his- mind now. : On a second thought, however, he resolved to boldly seize the "spirit," and lost no time in putting his resolve into execution. He went up and asked the "ghost" who it was, and receiving no answer, seized it by the neck, fiupg it on the ground, divested it of its covering, and found that it was a young girl, daughter of a resident in Commercial-street, Rosaville. What object the girl had in view is not quite clear, but after her experience she is scarcely likely to repeat the joke, at all events in Rosaville. THE Chief Inspector of Stock for Queensland in his last report says " Pleuro- pneumonia is prevalent in many parts of the colony, but the j present is said to be of a much milder type than any previous attack. The faith in 'inoculation: is now general throughout the colony, and is being very generally resorted to. It will have been observed by'those interested in the subject that the veteriuary profession in England has now pronounced in. favour of inoculation, so that the principal -argument of the few opposed to the practice in this colony has been removed." ENGLISH MAIL.-The mail for England will close at the Mount Gambier Post Office at 10*30 o'clock on Thursday evening. MR. GEORGE THOMSON has resigned the management of the Australian Agency and Banking Corporation, Melbourne, and Mi*. G-. Stewart, of; the National Bank, takes his place. Mr. Thomson was the first manager of the com pany. Mr.- Lorking, of 0. B . Flat, . has temporarily to close his school through illness. PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.-We direct attention to tlie programme of a concert to be given this evening in connection with the Presby terion Sunday School. It lias been carefully prepared, and every effort has been made to' make it a success. Mr. Maytum is director. ' SUNDAY CLOSING.-The friends of temper ance outside the metropolis are now bestirring themselves to oppose the proposal to allow public houses to be open for an hour on Sunday^ evenings, as suggested by the Government in thi; new Licensed Victuallers Bill now under con-! sideration in the House of Assembly. A meet iug is to be held in the Temperance Hall here on Saturday evening to consider the advisability of forming a Sunday closiug league at Mount Gam-: bier. We believe the idea of taking a pollon. the question will also be mooted. THE District Courts Bill has again been thrown out by the Legislative Council. Thei majority against it was eight. Thus another year will be lost before the country is pqt in a better position for obtaining justice. IRELAND is drifting into a more troubled state. In the North we are now informed the police and the people have come to blows, and several lives, were lost at Dungannon. It is feared extreme measures will have to be taken to keep order. THE RIFLE ASSOCIATION MATCHES.-The second annual prize meeting of the South Aus tralian National Rifle Association commenced yesterday on the Glanville Ranges. - The weather was showery, with a fresh westerly j wind. The Company match was fired, but the scores fyad not been fully made up last night. | Priyate Wedd, of the Mount Gambier team, , telegraphed in the evening to Captain Bolte that he did not lpow the result, but "that they were out of it." There are three prizes, of £15, £10, and £5 respectively, besides range prizes of £2 and £1 at each range. 