OiULUlN AL CUlUUffiSl-'OiN DISNUBi Tioc Main BLoskI -t«n(;si5on. (To tlio Keillor of tlio ' IUnwiirrn Jtorcury.'1) Sir, — A letter appears in your issno of tho 2nd insfe. with tho ' Mount Terry Obstacle' at one end and ''Pro Bono Pnblico' at thu other, tho intervening space being lilled up with the most absurd and unreasonable (illusion it bus been my lot to mad fur many a long day. P. B. P. says tho contention has hitherto ' lain between the nnorJn of Jnmbcrno and Albion Park on the ono hand and those of Shollharbor on tho other.' Tho ; fact is. Sir, that taking the main road via Shell- ' harbor is so opposed to all princ.ples of common I sense that no Shellharbor mini has ever boon foolish enough to publicly advocate it. Ho then goes on to advocate tho alteration of the Main Road from its present route, via Albion Purl;, Io one eastward thereof, or another, via Dnnster's Kill, to the Minimumi Bridge. Surely such a luminary might havo saved the public and tho Government ofiiriul.s a deal of trouble by stating which of the two new routes is the host. But why make a wholesnlo alteration of this part of the Main Road from its present position '/ Is it tho cost of putting it in propar order ] Why, the expense would be trifling compared with either of the now routes suggested. Does P. B. P. know that the Government stand pledged to erect a bridge at the site of the late embankment at \lbion Park, that by making a slight deviation at Mount. Terry tho giadient can bo reduced to about 1 in 13, the intervening obstacles botwoen Mt. Terry and Janrberoo being comparatively trilling, and can be easily uverciuno, all tlie required bridges being recently erected at the public expense. Does ho know that the present Main Road joins the road from Kiania to Moss Vale at Jambcroo about 3i miles from Ml. Tnrry (tho only sorious obstacle) i' Does he know that road is now mi the schedule of Main Roads with a grant of £50 per mile per annum, besides n special grant of £1300 for Spring-hill, and £1000 for the Jauiberoo Mountain ? Is the Government thou to be asked to commit, such a wrong as to deprive tho wholo of the electorate of Illawarra and a great part of Kiama of any advantages from this heavy expenditure, and, at the same time, make a new road through several miles of the very broken and' difficult country lying between the Oak Flats and the Minnmurra bridge, with the additional absurdity of having two Mam Roads running nearly parallel with each oilier for a dis tance of six mih'S to Kiama, thereby increasing tho yearly expenditure alono by £300 per annum. And all for the benefit of whom I P. B. P. says tho travelling public. Who are they, and what do they travel for? Will business men travel tho proposed new road ] Thoy generally know their businoss well enough to seek the centres of popu lation. Will artists, tourists, ifcc, travel it? Not if they know it ; it is the dreariest route imagin able. Teetotallers won't fancy it, for thero is a total absence of puro water between the Macquaiio bridge and Kiama along tho route suggested, and drinkers won't find a ghost of a chance to wet their whistles tho wholo way. The only class of travel lers for whom the proposed road is suitable are criminals, as, from its dreary and zigzag character, it would be an excellent one on which to dodge a policeman. But, oven if this route were open to no objections on the grounds of direction or expense, are thero no other considerations to pre vent its adoption ? Are important vested interests to be ignored in favor of the few travel lors who wish to got tho shortest way from Macquario bridgo or Albion Park to Kiama. For half u century I am infnnmid the present Main Road has appeared a; such on tho Go 'orumiiiit plans. Consequently tho laml mnng its course lias realised prices much higher than it would have done had tho purchasers known that somo riay it would be turned into a by-road. The important townships of Jamberoo and Albion Park havo sprung into existence, and bid fair soon to obtain a creditable position among the towns of the South Coast. Blest as thoy, and- they only, are in this end of the district with a supply of puro water equal to any .possiblo increase of population, and situated in close proximity to abundance of coal, rimbi?r, fvoo.itone, irozi, &.'.., siuriuimled by the. finest i;r.-i.?ii:g arid ;u.'rii:ulU: :\ Hud in thi'i di-trict. i !?.!'?; places its tltu 'color.}- -A(»k:: lacii.i'j --.-i fni '. j 'i.l.. i psViii'lii.'Kffi'Mii: 'of 'fill r.j 'i;.r-:iiiiVr.tnriiik- Hii.1i ooii!Oi*rcia! p.^ib.tiuiw .. tlif.*e places -h;. And j .?etPi-oBiiijc-iPublico r :'-H'd that tho Govu-.-i- j uiunc should be asked iu iimioriiiily injure Sholi harbour, cut tho throats of Jamberoo and Albion Park, and incur a wanton waste of public money to sorvo tho few travellers who wish to get the shortest way from the Macqnario Bridgo to Kiama. But why ask a diroct road from the Macqnario to Kiama 1 Why not ask a direct road from some other place, say Wollongong to Kiama I Evi dently, neither expense nor internal traffic of the district, postal convenience, or communication with the Goulburn district's, go for anything with this new economist, so I shall not be surprised to find him proposing to bridgo Tom Thumb and the mouth of the Lake in his anxiety to get a short cut to Kiama. Or, to bo consistent, ho should set to work at once and got |b new and direct road from tho foot of Gsard's Hill to somewhere about the Cabbagetroo Bridge, and, of course. Wollon gong will havo no business to object. In con clusion, Mr Editor, I may state that few persons in the district have leas personal interest in Iho rotontion of tho Main Road in its presont position than I havo, and I make my protest against. its alteration on puroly public grounds, and I hopo that P. B. P. will see the error of his ways und acknowledge it, or call a public mpeting to di»cuss tho question, and not keep shooting from behind the hedge at the eleventh hoar in the unmanly way he has done. And I assure him tho people of Jamboroo, Kiama, and Albion Park are so alive to their own and the public interest in this mutter, that if the new fangled straight line idea is persisted in, tho agitation for the ^retention of the Main Road in its 'present position will bo found to be only in its infancy. VOX POPULI. 