A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET MRS. E. D. E. Is. SOUTH'WORTH. CHAPTER LXXVII. 't 4 ' After the court had adjourned the pro wd lingered to get a, view of the prisoner. Hut the sheriff aguin circumvented them .by quietly withdrawing .Yaldimir Desparde through the door on the left of the judges' -bench leading, into the sheriff's office, and thence down the stairs To; the', back door". „ ; Lord Beaudevere followed, and they all en tered the carriage that was in waiting. The baron accompanied his kinsman to the prison'and "remained with, him in his cell, conversing cheerfully on his prospects until the, hour came for the closing of the doors. Then, with the proni.'so to be on hand early the next morning to attend him to the court room, Lord Beaudevere took leave and de parted. lie <. nterccl his carriage and drove straight to the White Bear Inn, where lie had taken up his temporary abode, not so much on account of the elegance and fomforfc of the quaint old house, as' on that of its proximity to the prison. There a disagreeable surprise met him. Just as he stepped into tne house, a waiter, who seemed to be on the look-out, came up, touched his hair, and handed him a small, black-edged envelope. . Lord Beaudevere recognised Vivienne's hand-writing, opened it immediately and read the few lines it contained — " Dear Beau,— Don't be angry. We are here. Arielie would come. I had to atteud her. The housekeeper and butler, being a staid old couple, are with us in lieu of other attendants. We are in numbers 59 and 60. " V." The baron frowned and compressed his lips with vexation as he beckoned the waiter who h id brought him the note. The man came and touched his hair. " Show me lip to numbers 59 aud 60. And; here! hand in this card," said the barou scarcely able to control his annoyance. The man touch d liis hair again, led the way upstairs, and rapped at a door in the upper hall. It was immediately snatched open by Yi- vienne, who exclaimed : " I knew it was you, Beau ! I told the waiter to show you up as soon as you should come, and saw you get out of the carriage.' There. was no need for the man to hand 'in the card now. so he just touched liis hair again and retreated. The baron entorel the room. It was a plainly furnished private parlour, communi cating with the chamber behind. - A rielle was sitting in a horse-hair easy- chair, half-dead between excitement and ex haustion, mental and physical. Both the young girls were still in their travelling suits of black serge. They had removed nothing but their ulsters aud their cap's. " ' . . '" Here he is a", pre t-ty' "escapade ! exclaimed Lord Beaudevere, grimly, as he "seated him self on a hard horse-hair sofa. - /a " -Don't 'scold, guardiahi' ! " I could not help it ! Oh; jhow could I stay' at; Castle Montjoie while that trial was going on -here ?" pljeade A'relle, in a deprecating tone. . , When did you'leave the castle ?" inquired Lord Beaudevere, in a non-committal manner. " At nine o'clock this morning. We reached here at two, We went directly to the court room — " ,- '"To the court-room!'" echoed Lord Beaudevere, in surprise. " Yes, but we could not get so much as our feet inside the door. Then we drove to the Crown and Sceptre, which was a good-look ing hotel, but it was full aud couldn't take us ! And I think we drove to every'one in town before we came here, and here we got rooms, and I saw your servant outside, and knew yon were here." " You impudent girl ! It is well this old inn is so far out of town, or you never would have got lodgings here, and then what would" you have done ?" " Hired a close carriage from a livery stable and sat up iu it all night and every night, until the end of the trial." " Not a bit of it !" interrupted Yivienne. " We should have made Beano turn out of his rooms and give them up to us and roost- in the close carriage himself." " But, oh, my dear guardian, how goes on the trial ? That it what I want- to know !" exclaimed Arielie, clasping her hands. ' H progresses quite satisfactorily. The principal witness for the prosecution, Thomas Potter, the railway guard, is hallucinated with the idea that- it was Mr Desparde who took the reserved compartment in which the young woman was found murdered, but he admits that he never saw Mr Desparde's face until he reached the Grand Junction — just where Yaldimir got on !' " Is there sure to he au acquittal ?" anx iously demanded Arielie. " Quite sure. We can disprove the charge completely." . - - Dinner was promptly and neatly served, and duly honoured by Lord .Beaudevere and Miss Desparde ; but Lady Arielie ate a litt-le soup and let every other dish pass untasted. ( The service was cleared off, and then Lord Beaudevere ordered the waiter to bring him the evening papers, "Yes. yes! They have the report of. the trial and I want to see that," said Arielie, with feverish impatience. The waiter made the -table tidy by spread ing a green woollen cover over it and placing an astral lamp upon it. and uhen withdrew, bub presently returned with the - London Times, the Yockley Evening News,- and . the Northern Light-,, all of which he laid before the baron with a bow. Arielie pounced upon the News with a de- precating-smile, and a muttered apology. " Oh, let me, please." Lord Beaudcavere passed the Light to Vivienne, and took up the Times for him self. Arielie fauly devoured the report of the trial, which had ended for that day with - the close of the case for the prosecution, aud then she looked and said. "Oh, my dear guardian, this is fearful ! terrible ! I know it is all false, but how in the world by any human means are you going to clisprovo it?" " Easily, my dear ! Net Fleming paid us a flying visit on Saturday, bringiug proof with her that will nob only acquit our Valdimir, but will go far to convict Brandon Coyle, if that slippery young . gentleman ; should ever be caught aud brought to trial." From uneasy slumbers they were awakened in the morning'by a loud rapping at their their" door. Yivienne started out of bed, . threw on a dressing-gown, thrust her feet into slippers, aud opened the door.. The waiter to whom Lady Arielie had given orders the night previous stood there bobbing aud touching his, forehead. " Well, what is wanted ?" Inquired Yivienne, half asleep. . "If you please, ma'am, my lady directed me to rap and .1st her ladyship know ( as soon as Mrs Fleming arrived," said the man. "Has Mrs. Fleming come, then ?" inquired Yivienne, rubbing her eyes! " Yes ma'am, please" " Then show her up here at once." " Yes. ma'am," replied the man, with an other bob, as he left the door. (, ' : Iu the meantime Yivienne turned to Arielie, who was slowly waking up. . , "Net has come, dear," she whispered) ; bending her lips to Arielle's ear. , - y ' "I know it. -I heard the man Tell -you," Yivienne!" exclaimed the young lady, look ing up at her friend. " " I want- you to go into the dressing-room and dress firstr I want to pieet Net "alone. ' Will you mind ?" ' " " Not a bit, Arielie ! I will go now," said Yivienne, gathering up her clothes and leav ing the bed-chamber. ".Oh, Net ! .Ob, „Net! Come here!" ex claimed Arielie, rising in the bed and" hold ing out her arms. . " But I am'allbver railway dust. I shall turn yo ir white gown black," smiled the traveller, as she approached. "Never mind ! Never mind ! I /want to hug you, come !" exclaimed Arielie, ;' impatiently, , extending her arms. . " How are the children ?" inquired Net; when the embrace was given and returned. " Oh ! they were well and happy when I .left t-hpui at t-he castle yesterday morning. " And now," said Arielie, dropping her voice and changing her whole manner; to one of mystery — " when did you leave Deloraine Park ?" , . ".Yesterday morning, a few minutes after- six ," answered- Net-. ' - - -v "How did you leave Antoinette ?" " Very much better." " When did you see her last?" " A few minutes after six. She sent for. me while I was dressing to come to her room. As soon as I had taken a very hasty break fast I went. She said she sent for one be cause she wanted me -to see how much better she was that morning, so that 1' could go away in good spirits." " And that was the last you saav of her ?" ' " Not quite; I took leave of her then, and she turned her face to the wall and said she wanted to go to sleep. I went down stairs '.o the carriage "that was waiting fcr me, but- Mr Fleming had not come down, and I missed my hand-bag, and remembering th at. -I had left it in Antoinette's room, I went, hack after it- and found it on the table. I took it up, and thought I would have an other look, perhaps another word with my cousin. So I went to the bed ; but she was. lyingquite still, and when I bent down to look at her more closely she seemed fast asleep. So I- crept out of the room for fear of wakmg her, an 1 started on my journey." " And she was really better when you left her yesterday morning ?" "Very much better." "Thank Heaven !" fervently exclaimed Ariel 1-;. " But why do you ask all these particulars in such an anxious manner ?" - inquired Net. " Oh ! . I — thought — I feared that some thing had happened to her— that she was gone, in fact !" muttered Arielie, relapsing into her mysterious manner. " But why should you have feared that P" inquired Net, in some surprise. ' " Oh, my dear, I had' such a. strange ex perience yesterday morning," _ whispered Arielie, fixing her eyes dilated with awe upon the face of her friend. " Experience !' -Whatsorb of experience?" inquired Net. " Oh— it— was a dream — a vision — or I know not what. It terrified me beyond mea sure. If it had not been morning, and if my maid had not- come into the room, I should have jumped out of bed and rushed iu upon Yivienne as I once rushed in upon you, when I was frightened ; by the apparition of Kit Ken. You know I did see Kit Ken at my. , bedside at midnight — at the very hour, as it was afterwards shown, that poor Kit had been murdered in the railway carriage. You remember Net nodded in a non-committal sort of way; .Netrliad never, seen an -apparition, and did not believe in them. No amount of direct testimony or circumstantial evidence could have made that eminently practical little wo man believe in supernatural apparitions. " You do remember my seeing the spirit of Kit Ken, do you not ? The very hour of her death; too ?" I remember the incident," said Net.' " Well, then," continued Arielie, dropping her voice and dilating her great blue eyes, " listen t me : - Yesterday morning, - at six o'clock, I woke up without anyone calling me. I knew it was six because I heard the clock strike. It was dark at that hour, and there was no light in my room except from the wax taper on the mantelpiece and the smouldering sea-coal fire in the grate. It was too early to rise, and I lay there, waiting for my maid, whom I had directed to call me at half-past six, so that I could be ready to leave the castle for the Miston Station at nine. Net, I closed my eyes and tried to sleep again ; but while I was lying quite still, with my eyes shut, a pale, oval shaped light appeared before me. and as I looked at it, or, rather contemplated it through 'my closed eyelids, it grew brighter, until in the. midst of it stood a form, from which, I per ceived, radiated all the light that lit up the oval frame or hack-ground. The features came out distinctly, and I recognised An toinette Deloraine. I did not. scream. I could not scream or move. Her eyes held mine — though mine were closed— her eyes held mine, I say, and calmed me to a perfect quiescence. She smiled, and murmured low — oh, so low— -that I do not know now whether I really-heard her voice or only perceived her thoughts; But she said : ' Tell dear Net I am well now.' And the form vanished, and the light faded. With the return of my normal con- dition came a terrible fright. I should have sprung- out of bed and roused the house perhaps, if just then the "door had not opened,; and Lacy had not entered. With the presence of another human being I recovered ' my self-coutrol. But I felt persuaded that something had happened to Antoinette," said Arielie, shuddering. " And now you see that nothing has hap pened to her, notwithstanding your dream,"'-, said Net, cheerfully. "No/thank Heaven !" replied Arielie. " At the very hour you dreamed of seeing her spirit she was calmly sleeping on her bed in her chamber at Deloraine Park, and. I left lier so-r1" Net was interrupted by a knock at tlie door. „ : She herself went and opened it. " A telegram for Mrs Fleming," said the voice of the waiter. " When did this come ?" inquired Net-. "Yesterday afternoon ma'am. It has been waiting in the office for you ever since," replied the waiter. ; Net closed the door and opened the tele gram. Then she dropped down upon the nearest chair, with a face blanched to marble. " The telegram was as follows : Deloraine Park, December the— ,12 ' o'clock ji. Dr. Bede to Mrs Adrian Fi/eming, White Bear Inn, Yockley, Cumberland :: — Miss Deloraine died at 6.15 am." " What is it ? A telegram, did he say ? Does it relate to the witnesses for the trial ?" inquired Areille, stepping out of bed to join her friend. " Why, Net, you are as white. as a ghost ! What is it?",- : " It is — a telegram from — Antoinette's medical attendant— Dr. Bede. She is — there lias been — a change," stammered Net, with quivering lips and brimming eyes. " Antoinette has gone ! She has changed this world for the next. It was lier spirit I saw !" exclaimed Arielie, in an awe-struck tone, but with a most positive manner. Net could not contradict her. - " You will not go back this morning P" said Ariolle. " No, it would be no use to her for ine. to ? go, since she is gone ; even if I were at liberty- to do so, which I am not. L am" subpoenaed as a witness, on (his trial) you know," gently replied Net. " Yes, and your evidence is of vital impor tance to Yaldimir." ; . .... " But, of course, I must return to Delo raine Park just as soon as I am free to do ' so." replied Net, struggling hard ; to keep back the tears that sprang to her eyes. She had seen so much of death in her short- life — her father, her mother, her stepfather, . her friends and .relatives had dropped fast around her. In truth, Net needed all her Christian faith to support her spirit--needed < every day to pray for faith and hope "to , sus tain her wounded and suffering love. ' At this mordent Vivienne came out of the bath- room, dressed for the dey. - . ". - ; She Erected Net .with a kiss, ascribed her - paleface to the fatigue of her night's jour ney, and inquired how he had left Antoin- ette. - Then they told her the truth. . (To be Continued;) 