AUBUftN, iteCKMBKR i). By the kind invitation of Mr. Rossi, our telegraph stationmaster, I was present at a telephonic concert last Tuesday evening. The experiments were conducted between the Auburn and Port Wakefield stations, a distance of thirty-six miles. The weather for suoh an oooa eion was very unpropitious, it being rather a rough night. Notwithstanding this drawback, however, great success attended the efforts of the telephonists. Mrs. Rossi sang several soags and solos with good effect. Duets and choruses by Mtsers. Rossi, Field, McDonald, Hilimau, McMillan, and others were rendered, besides in stiemeutal musio from one station to the other alternately, with excellent effect, the voices being easily distinguished. Questions were asked and replies received very readily. A long conversation was successfully carried on to the evident satisfaction of those present, who one and all thoroughly enjoyed the treat. Many thanks are due to MrTodd for tbe use of tbe instruments, and to Mr. Rossi for the invita tions.— Professor Pepper's ghost was produced at the local town hall on Wednesday evening to a large audience, who appeared heartily satis fied with the entertainment provided. December 11. I wired you an account of the fire which took place at tbe police-station yesterday (Friday) ; the following additional particulars may not be uninteresting to your readers. In the afternoon it was notioed that the heap of rubbish which was still smouldering at the rear of the station was in very dose proximity to some long dry grass, and as a breeze was blowing fears were entertained that it might become ignited. If this had happened there is no knowing what disastrous consequences might have followed. To prevent such an occurrence backets, Ac, were obtained from Mr. Olaridge, and Messrs. D.8psckman,Monchoase,Olartdge, Miells,and others set to work with a will, and after carry ing about 160 buckets of water sueeeeded fa extinguishing the fire.— Oar cricketers went to Saddleworth last Saturday sni playd a matffh. After n well-contested game the naddleworth menwontbe natch. Me J. K Bleeehmorc, J.P., has kindly offered to present a bat to the highest average batsman at the end of the season. 