MOURS OF THE 8ARDEN PHAGE.. ? \- ? ? o ? By Pasqttin. ' The humour of it. — Shakespeare. To the student, however humble, of human nature, Saturday, as a rule, affords more scope for obtaining ' sketches of life and character.-' than any other day in the week. Humanity of . a Saturday — more especially after 2 p.m. — is ' up and doing' to a very considerable extent; and from the little office boy who jingles his three half-crowns in the pockets of his moleskin pants, to the be- whi3kered and be-scented roysterer whoBe pecuniary weekly complement permits him the expenditure of ' half-a-j times ' — exclusive of the sixpence for his ' shave and brush-up ' — every Saturday afternoon — the populace ia, with a very few exceptions, provided with a sufficiency of ready cash ; and money, as wo all know — in spite of what misanthropical poets and others have said about it — is an exceedingly pleasant and soothing thing to have about; one. The various amusements that can be indulged in on Saturday afternoon are really so very numerous ' that a man of a vacillating disposition might find considerable difficulty in making up his mind within a given time, and 5 o'clock tea has come suddenly upon many a good man and true while in the throes of indecision between Botany and San Souci. With men of a retiring nature, the piscatorial delights of Mossman's Bay find favour, as a rule,* with persons of an aesthetic disposition a trip to Manly with some one else's sister is the acme of enjoyment ; the ' robust Christian ' is invariably enthralled by the glories of cricket ; with tho civilized aud harmless lunatic the bicycle 1b the rage ; aud with a large section of the community a visit to the Garden Palace is a favourite form of re creation after tho week's 'toil and trouble.' And yet, for all this, the Exhibition is far from .. . being a popular institution with, at any rate, tho commercial world. Sometimes when I enter a shop to make a purchase, after the first few thrilling, remarks anont the weather, I inquire of the affable merchant if I10 often visits the Garden. Palace. It is amusing, then, to watch ' tlie inky otormclouds gather on his brow,' and to mark him mutter under his beard adjectives of a forciblo nature. Another extraordinary point in connection with tho Exhibition itself is, that the catoi-ove at tho Garden Pulnce are almost unani eqous in complaining of the badness of trade, and many of the exhibitors express themselves as greatly disappointed with the result of their specu lation. Considering the enormous influx of people that the International Exhibition has been the means of bringing to the city, the state of aflairo I allude to is difficult to account for. It must be patent to all that if business be dull both at the Exhibition and in the city, the ' strangers in our tents ' must either have very little money to spend or the extreme of Scottish caution in spending it. Personally, however, I think that the present depression is caused, not so much by the fact of trade being absolutely dull, as by the commercial community having formed exag gerated notions of what the Exhibition would accomplish for tliem, which golden visions have proved dreams in tho most exact acceptation of tho term. f So much lias been written concerning the Garden Palace by the well-meaning, though somewhat dull gentlemen on tlie staffs of the Freeman's contemporaries, that it would seem at first sight as though the subject were nearly ex hausted. The Herald reporters are positively indefatigable in hunting up and hoisting into print the feeblest exhibits. This is something after their style ' Mr. Johnson, of Burrumgun yah, shows a chaste specimen of earthenware and a highly interesting exhibit consisting of an aboriginal fog-horn. We are at a loss, really, to which of these undeniable evidences of the com mercial prosperity of Burrumgunyah we should award the greatest meed of praise. While risking it on the fog-horn, we have much pleasure in testifying to the sublime excellence of the earthenware sample, and congratulate Mr. John son on having added one to the many attractions of the Garden Palace.' On reading this over it ?eems- somewhat lighter than the usual run of Herald pars ; but, no matter. It's near enough with the thermometer at 120 degrees in the shade ! Now for sober narrative. At eleven o'clock on the morning of Satur day last, a jaded pedestrian might have been seen ?walking slowly up Macquarie-street, in the direc tion of the Exhibition. He halted now and then and mopped his heated brow with a silk bandanna of comfortable proportions, and on arriving at the gate of entrance purchased from an elderly lady, in a dark blue gown and a profuse perspiration, a ticket of admission. That 'was I — the writer of these lines ! Through one of the turnstiles set apart for that comparatively unimportant section of the community, the ' general public,' I passed, and standing before a pretty little fountain in the front enclosure, amused muself for a little while watching the various arrivals. In a few moments I arrived at the conclusion that the free list of the Garden Palace was very far indeed from being suspended ! The amount of persons—men, women, and children who ' came in on the ?whisper' was surprising. It would appear, therefore, that every exhibitor, attendant, door-, keeper, or caterer is allowed by the authorities to introduce 'his sisters and his cousins and his aunts.' I subsequently took the trouble of making a few enquiries on the subject of U-arden Palace dead- heads, and I ascertained that no one, however slightly acquainted with even the humblest functionary attached to the Exhibition ever thinks of troubling the money-taker. This is, after all, as it should be : for was not the International organized for the purpose of rejoic ing our hearts and filling our pockets ? On entering — the day being extremely hot — I made, without loss of time, for the fountain under the dome. This monument is surmounted by a statue of the Queen ; the likeness of which is said, by many who have read about her Majesty, to be most excellent. I looked at this Btatuo for a long while with an inten sity of gaze that at length attracted the atten tion of a farmer from Orange. ' Whar's wrong wi' the statter ?' he inquired. ' Well, it's curious,' I replied, still gazing intently upon tho bronze features of her Most Gracious Majesty ; ' but whon I knew her she'd a small mole just abaft the left ear, and I'm looking for it.' I then strolled away, and whon, after walking twenty yards or so, I happened to turn my head, there was my friend from Orange on tip-toe, trying to puzzle out tho mole that tho Queen had when I knew her. I wonder whether he is looking for it still ! Tlie statue is, on the whole, a fine one ; but, why in the name of Benvenuto Cellini, did the sculptor place nothing more regal in her Majesty's hand than a rolling pin ? Wow, this takes away all the poetry of the conception. To my idea, the Queen seems to be Baying — ' G od bless my soul ! it's getting on for twelve o'clock and there's no tart for Leopold's luncheon. Mary ! hurry up with tho pio-board and flour!' After a turn no far as tho orchostra, I de scended to tho basement to interview those seasonable exhibits — strawberry-ice and cherries. It is nice and dark, and cool, down there by the basin of tho fountain, and several people 'were taking advantage of the pleasant spot, and were lunching. At the next table to me was a whole family : father, mother, three boys, the eldest daughter and her young man ; at least so I presume, as although he was eating a ' cheese sandwich ' with his right hand, his left clasped the palm of the young lady : a plafconic endearment which she endeavoured to conceal by covering the entwining fingers with yesterday's JSoho. These people went in for enjoyment — undisguised, undiluted, unabashed enjoyment. They had part of a cold round of corned beef, raw tomatoes, and bread and pickles. ' Father ' called for three long beers, and into it they went. If Messrs. Uompagnoni, Cripps, and Emerson had cimnceu mm, way, wnac a sign would nave es caped from the inmost souls of those estimable men. Having thoroughly cooled myself, I went down the steps between tho fruit and lolly stalls, in search of material for copy. There was a man spin ning a little top at a table, and extolling its merits at a great rate, while he spun the toy on his nose, on a thread, on the blade of a knife, up his arm — in fact all over him. Several people looked on, and in the end we all became fascinated. Finally ho put the top on a little pedestal where | it reeled about like a country publican coming ' from the ex-Mayor's picnic. At last it fell, and the charm was broken. And curious to say no one offered to purchase it. The man then brought out some cement, which he said would join any two bodies together any way, except in matrimony, and nothing would ever make them come asunder again ; not even, he went on to say (he was rather a scoffer, as I thought), woidd a decision of a divorce-court judge affoct its adhesive powers. A middle-aged lady, who was there with her husband, purchased a bottle, while I bought, for a shilling, an instrument that was an oyster knife, a glazier's diamond, a knife sharpener, and a tin- opener, all in one. Subse quently I invested in an exhibition medal and a packet of pop-corn, and left tho bascmont a ruined and a broken-hearted man. I then bent my steps in tbe direction of the Art Gallery, which as everybody knows is in the grounds, facing the pavilion where the waiters cry 'Fried oysters, one!' so melodiously. Some one was just paying for oyster stew as I passed, for I heard the clink of money and a voice call out, ' Eighteen pence — 'arf-a-crown — right !' and the customer came walking out wiping hia lips with his pocket-handkerchief. At the entrance of the Art Gallery, a melancholy young man impounds your umbrella. There was a wag=of an American standing there with me, and he endeavoured to ' take a rise ' out of the boy. He handed in his stick and received a brass token about the size of a shilling in return. ' W. al, young man,' he 3aid, ' kin you only loan me a quarter cn it ? I reckon you'd better hand out tho ticket , anyhow.' But not the ghost of a smile flitted over the juvenile custodian's counte nance. ' Melancholy had marked liirn for her'ovjp.' There was a good attendance in tho Art Gallery ; chiefly people from the country. It was curious to observe how these good folk led one another about by the arm. Some of the rustics were got up in the very latest style, with silver-mounted sticks, and shining bell-toppers. The ladies, however, though for the most part fresh and rosy as to their faces, chiefly sported those ready made costumes which are always going 'at. an alarming sacrifice,' and which torture the gaze of mankind generally in the vicinity of Punch's corner. A bewildered couple without a catalogue stood before 117, in the French Gallery, striving to puzzle out the meaning of the pretty motto of the picture ' II visite souvent vos paisibles rivages Souveufc j'oconte et l'air gemit dans vos bois A mon orcille an loin vicut apporter sa voix.' In vain, however. Still I could see that the lady had arrogated to herself some knowledge of French, and that lier husband was a little bit disappointed. As they walked away, she said — 'Well, Fred, I could do it with a dictionary;' an assurance which he appeared by his manner to receive with some distrust. With the per mission of the Council of Education, I will turn the French extract into a simple little English stanza : — He often wanders by tlie river, By tlie peaceful river side ; And wlien the gentle breeze makes shiver Tlie rustling leaves of the forest wide, 'From far away, so soft and clear, His voice is borne upon my ear. There we are — and without a dictionary, too. ' Think of that, Master Brook !' After a trolling through the rooms, I went out into tho grounds again, and entered a small Viennese pavilion where they sell lager bier — ? the celebrated brew of Dreher, who is said to be worth — I forget how many millions of money. A little dark woman sate behind the counter, knitting. She was dressed in black, and with a little white lace at her nock and wrists, looked the personification of neatness — and so cool bless you ! that a glance at her was as refreshing as an ice-cream soda. Over a glass of lager we got on famously. I couldn't speak any German, and her French hobbled a good deal, but yet we managed to understand one another tolerably well. Once I was rather out, it is true* [ I was growing eloquent in French on the wrongs of Hungary, while she was ham mering away at the exorbitant price she and her husband were charged at their boarding house. At other times, however, I ' chipped in' and struck it with ' Die bier ist sare goot,' which I considered to be the language. Personally I am doubtful about the gender of the definite article ; but I have made it feminnino out compliment to my fair interlocutor. A walk around the galleries of the Garden Palace is as pregnant of surprises as a box of Christmas crackers. For it is in the recesses of this portion of the building that fervid young lovers bill and coo ; and up there, too, stout matrons inveigle their offspring, and sponge their faces with ' billies' of cold water filched from the fountain. The strangest exhibits are to bo found in deserted portions of tho gallery. I stood in front of the Albury ' court,' and nearly cried. They have there some funny — inexpressibly funny things ; and, marques bien, the exhibit tickets all purport to be signed by ' The Committee. First and foremost there are some broken red tiles. Now, a red tile in its entirety is not an intensely exciting exhibit ; but a tile that looks as though it had passed through the Franco -Prussian war is an .article that should be carefully ' hid from Sol's warm rays.' Then there are some — well — some drawings — intensity droll drawings — and some photographs. Albury from tho north — from the south — from the oast — from tho west. The banks, the baker's — all points, in short, of thrilling local interest. I have not the faintest notion jby whom those photographs were taken, but I should like to know — in ease of going there by accident to have the baby taken. A walk round the galleries entails considerable exertion ; but the fatigue, as I have already hinted, is more than repaid by what you see there. I am not alluding at this moment to exhibits alone ; but to other things of a good deal more romantic character. I happened to stumble into a lonely corner, not far from I, he dazzling Albury collection. In short, L may as well admit, that I wished to be alone some where, and have a good scream at the broken tiles. For broken tiles, ' look you,' as Fluellen says — are a very strange exhibit. Well, I glided into a corner where there was some tapestry hanging, and 1 was about to pene trate further, when, to my surprise, I heard the low sound of two voices — one gruff and the other shrill ; both, however, piano. I approached cautiously. Hardly had I reached within arm's length of tlie screen, when lie murmured some thing, wliOBe meaning I could not quite catch. Her answer came in dulcet and melodious t;oneg — ' What ! — not love you, Charlie P Oh, you know I do, darling !' I walked away then. I thought possibly that these two might enjoy tho vast monument of colonial enterprise, as ox' emplified by the Garden Palace, better by them selves ! When at the northern end of the gallery I encountered an elderly gentleman who wus making for some stairs at a great rate. I in quired whither he was bound, and he informed me that he was about to ascend to the summit of the north tower, in order to obtain a bird's eye view of the city. ' I haven't got long to spare,' he added, breathing hard ; ' because I'm going to Parramatta by tho train.' He left me then ; and I could hear him pounding up those steps as if his very life depended on it. After a few moments of indecision, I resolved to follow him, and mounting the spiral staircase, was soon close upon the heels of the Parramattonian's bluchers. The view from the summit of tho tower is in expressibly beautiful. The moving waters of tho harbour, upon whose rippling surface every! colour flashes, every shade reposes, stretch out before the eyo like a fairy lake, and the gardens, with the rays of tlie sun darting through the foliage, are more beautiful than the loveliest transformation scene. To tho right is Woolloo mooloo — a sea of houses radiating to the heights of Darlingliurst. Ah, if a modern Diablo Boitoau could but lift haphazard some of tho iron roofs of those houses, what strange material for romances would be revealed! Just discernible, too, is the weathercock of the prison, within whoso grim walls the two condemned men aro awaiting their certain doom. What must bo the thoughts of those poor chained wretch63 whon gay sounds are wafted upon the summer breeze into their cells, and while all without is bright with life and light tho hand of Death is slowly closing upon them. Long before this slip is in type, tho doomed men will havo passed into eternity. Who could feel anything but pity for them a3 they lie in the shadow of 'Death's pale llag?' Who can help, for their sakes, trusting that Longfellow sings truly in his stanza from Resignation : — ' Thrre is no death ! What seems so is transition ; The life of mortal breath Is but a suburb of the life elysian, 'Whose portal we call death.' At two o'clock Madame Cecilia Summerhayes gave a pianoforte recital in front of the orchestra. In the programme it was announced that her third number would be a selection from Doit. Pusquale ; but alio played Home Sweet Home instead. A stout couple in front of nie were much exercised by this. ' Why, isn't that Home Sweet Home,j John ?' she inquired, after Madam Summerhayes had played the first few bars. ' Sounds like it,' replied her spouse gruflly. ' Then,' rejoined the lady, looking at her programme, 'I suppose Don Pasquale is Home Sweet Home in French.' At 3 o'clock Miss Emilie E. North had an innings, and punished one of Pohlmann and Son's pianos severely ; and later on in the afternoon Signor Paolo Giorza took it out of an Ascherborg in tho orchestra. What rather spoilt the effect, of the pianoforte solos was that the re freshment people under the dome had- hired a very powerful band, and the musicians, being conscientious*men, played as loudly a3 possible in order to attract customers and drown the oppo sition. Beforo I left the promenade was crowded with people, and, to quote Byron — A thousand hearts beat happily ; and when Music arose with its voluptuous swell, Soft eyes looked love to eyes wliieh spake agaiu, And all wont merry as a marriage bell. 