CORRESPONDENCE. We do not necessarily endorse the opinions of our correspondents.] CANON BRGOWNRIGG IN REPLY TO THE "SOUTHERN CROSS," ON ANGLO ISRAELISM. TO THE EDrrOE OF THE xERCURIT. Smt.--Permit me, through your journal, to reply to the (miscalled) "Review." which 1 appears in the " Southern Cross," of the 27th inst of my Lecture on "The Identity of the British Nation with the Ten Tribes of IsraeL" The legitimate design of "re view," is, of course, to convey to readers a true and proper idea of the nature of the subject reviewed; otherwise, if through the incompetence, or the prejudice, or the ten der-heartedness, or the partiality of the re viewer any other than "a true and proper idea of the nature of the subject reviewed" is conveyed, such review is worthless, if not mischievous. Now, with the very small 1 "notion," which my reviewer is possessed of concerning Anglo-Israelism I am not surprised that he should have "little sym pathy with the Lecturer, or the objects of the Society under whose auspices this lec ture was at first delivered and is now pub lished." Neither myself, nor the Associa tion, however, are so much concerned to meet with " sympathy," as to meet with fair and honest treatment at the hands of those who differ from us, for we are quite satisfied of this, that Anglo-Israelism, being a great national question and scriptural in foundation, and far from being "one of the most useless undertakings in which I valuable money, and invaluable time were ever wasted" can never be silenced by the misrepresentations of adversaries, nor by that pooh-pooh answer, which is sometimes given in lien of argument when the subject of contention happens to be either beyond one's comprehension or contrary to one's prejudices. But concerning now my re viewer's efforts, I am somewhat amused by the lngic, (or rather the want of it) which t is displayed. Beginning with the wrong end of the argument he first asks, " Suppose their theory accepted right and left, what 1 then P whereupon he proposes certain ques tions, hut giving us no opportunity for reply, he takes upon himself to affirm that to these questions "the most decided Anglo Israelite must answer, No;" and having thus, to his own satisfaction settled what answer "must" be given (from which con clusions I most emphatically dissent) he then proceeds to inquire in a (prematurely) triumphant strain " What, then, in the name of common sense is the good of at- I tempting to establish an hypothesis whip h, if established, will benefit no one?" Nor could anything be less conclusive, or more illegal than this method of treating any question ? For my own part I certainly could not appraise very highly the intelli- I gence that could be satisfied with this style of review, or find in it one particle of argu ment against Anglo-Israelism. It will be quite time enough to discuss the cui bono of Anglo-Israelism when the theory is " ac cepted," and this much, at least, my re viewer should have seen. My reviewer further tells his readers that " the folly of the undertaking becomes all the more ob vious when it appears that not a vestige of real proof of the theory ever has been, or ever can be, so far as we know, adduced." This is something unique in the way of argument. The folly of-the undertaking is thus to be gauged inversely by the measure of my Southern Cross reviewer's knowledge of Anglo-Israelism ! Were this indeed to be so. I fear I should have to write down Anglo-Israelism as something very foolish I in the extreme; but happily, this arbitrary standard is quite self- constituted on my re viewer's part, and altogether quite inad missible. We are informed that there is " not a vestige of real proof of the theory" either in the past, or indeed, in the future " ever can be" but this rash assertion is properly qualified by a "so far as we know." My reviewer evidently needs to be informed that a case may be morally proven, even though, for a while, wanting in what is termed the "legal proof," and the Anglo Israel Identity is a case in poit, Now he tells his readers that "I must trace the ten tribes from Babylon (P) the place where they disappear(P)to Schleswig-Holstein, where the Jutes and the Angles appeared over a thou sand years later; but nothing of the sort is even attempted." If this last statement is intended to convey the idea that Anglo Israel literature ignores the historical aspect of the question then it is utterly wide of the fact, and furnishes an illustration of the unsatisfactoriness of persons only partially informed upon Anglo-Israelism occupying the position of reviewers. The fact is, the historical evidence is fully dealt with in Anglo*Israel literature, and the testimony of our historian, Sharon Turner, fully sup ported, which traces our nation to the neighborhood of the Araxes, the very place where the Ten Tribes disappear from the page of history. But if the statement under immediate notice is limited to my lecture, it is quite time that "nothing of the sort was ever attempted." But I appeal to the common sense of any reasonable man and ask, Conld it be expected that so vast a ,subject as that of Anglo-Israelism could be fully treated in two short lectures?-or does it follow, because the historical bear ings of the subject (which would have occu. pied a whole evening) were not treated of in either lecture, that, therefore Anglo Israelism is a "downright absurdity ?" and yet this in the style of review by which any reviewer hopes (but in vain) to silence the arguments of Anglo-Israelism! But to bring ridicule upon my lecture, my reviewer further says " We are told of certain broad features of character which the prophets state the Israelites of the latter days were to exhibit; these it is said the English exhi bit," and then gives the following illustra tion-" Now suppose an estate in dispute, would a claimant be held to have made out even the ghost of a case if he could prove no more than that he bore some resam blances to the ancestor in whose right he claimed P" My reviewer has evidently found himself "cornered." He does not (for he cannot) deny that there are "cer tain broad features which the prophets state the Israelites of the latter day were to exhibit," and these he does not (for he cannot) deny are exhibited by the British nation in these days, but he shirks the conclusion, and hastily suggests an illustra tion, which is remarkable for two things the one that it is very appropriate in one respect in support of Anglo-Israelism, and the other that it is defective for the pur pose for which he employes it. To make my meaning plainer,.I would illustrate it thus:-sppoee that. there is some writing extant in which "the ancestor,", and his heirs are refeirred to, and in that writing it is afErmed that for some wrongdoing, certain of the descendants of that " ances tor" should be lost to history, but should reappear after hundreds of years-that the heir to the inheritance should be known by certain distinguishing marks-for example, that he should be a head, and shoulders taller than any other living man; that he should be so powerful that he could fight and conquer against all odds ; that he should hold vast possessions all. over the world; that he should occupy positions in all countries which will give him power and influence everywhere; that he should have such enormous wealth, as to be able to lend to everybody while he has no need to borrow from anyone; that at the same time he should do a great deal of good in the world, take the gospel far and wide, and have great respect for the Sabbath day and the Ten Commandments. Well, then, suppose that claimant to be possessed of all these marks, and especially if he be able also to trace his ancestry to the very place where his forefathers had vanished from history, he would have made out much more than "the ghost of a case" establishing his identity, and such circum stantial evidence would be simply unan swerable and morally conclusive. The real question, however, for consideration is not, Does the British Nation possess the marks predicted of the Kingdom of Israel, (for that is beyond dispute), but, How does it happen that the British Nation exclusively possesses all these marks, which exclusively belong to the Kingdom of Israel, if it be not that King dom P This is the neat little problem I commend to the notice of my reviewer. But while thus my reviewer's illustration is helpful to Anglo-Israelism, it is defective for the purpose for which he has adduced it, for this reason, that it proceeds upon the foregone and unwarrantable conclusion that Anglo-Israelites can prove no more for the Identity than that the British Nation bears some resemblance to the Kingdom of Israel. When my reviewer is better acquainted with Anglo- Israel litera ture he will be able to correct himself in this particular. Meanwhile, let me meet him on the ground of philology. My re viewer says "in the hands of the philolo gist language has more than once furnished a clue in tracing the origin of races. Canon Brownrigg never refers to it at all. He does not even attempt to trace anything like a connection between Anglo-Saxon and Hebrew." Doubless my reviewer imagines he has a strong point here, but again he is astray. He has assumed as essential to the identification what no philologist of any standing would maintain as essential thereto, viz.: That language is an evidence of race, and infers that because the British Nation is not a Hebrew speaking people, that, therefore, they are not of Semitic origin. This, however, is a mistake which I could correct by recording the opinions of learned philologists on the subject of language and race. William Dwight Whitney,professor of Sanscrit and Compara tivePhilology, in Yale College, in his work "The life and growth of language," remarks, " As a general conclusion the ircomnetence of linguistic science to pass any decisive judgment as to the unity or diversity of the human race, or even as to that of human speech, appears to be completely irrevocably demonstrated." "Another highly important anthropological question connected with and suggested by our classification and language, concerns its relation to the ethnologists' classification of races; and here we have to make, at the outset, the unreserved confession that the two do not by any means correspond and agree. Wholly discordant languages are spoken by communties, whom the ethno logist would not separate in race from one another, and related languages are spoken by men of apparently different race; and the view we have taken of language is entirely consistent with this. We have seen that there is no necessary tie between race and language; that every man speaks the language he has learned, being born into the possession of no one rather than another; and that, as any individual may learn a language different from that of his parents or of his remoter ancestors, so a community (which is only an aggregate of individuals) may do the same thing, not retaining the slightest trace of its ancestral speech." (pp., 270-271). Moreover Pro fessor Huxley, (critiques and addresses, page 175), observes that " Community of language testifies to close contact. The c ntrary assumption that language is a test of race, has introduced the utmost con fusion into ethnological speculation, and has nowhere worked greater scientific mis chief than in the ethnology of the British Islands." I have now fully answered my reviewer. I do not trouble to enter upon the question of our Queen's descent, "Time will show." That matter was but slightly touched upon in my lecture, but it occupies the largest part of the review, and is disingenuously referred to, as if it were the chief feature of Anglo- Israelism, and the only evidence that the British are Anglo-Israelites; but to cap all, by way of securing his readers' confidence in his review. he says, "Our readers may possibly suppose we are practising on their credulity; we assure them we are not;" but on the other hand I most confidently affirm that my reviewer has been very largely practising on the credulity of his readers, and any unbiassed reader will come to the same conclusion who will but take the trouble to examine my lecture for himself, and further inform himself upon Anglo-Israel literature in general Thank ing you for your courtesy in affording me space for reply. I am, etc., M.L BLAKE BROWNFRIGG, Incumbent of St. John's Church, April 5,1880. Launceston, 