BUTLER'S CATECHISM. NO. XIX. JLhe question with which we are now engaged is that of " penance." "We saw in our last issue that the priest attends to the sacrament of "penance and that as it is he who has " power " to forgive aina; it is to him that the children in the schools, and the people must go, if they would bo. frpo from cc mnrf.nl riii m onrl if flinxr \- — " l WUUJ would have everlasting life by eating the body and drinking the blood of JesusChrist. W e have denied that tlie priest has any such " power." We have also affirmed that there is no passage in the New Testament where Christ institutes the so-called " sacrament of penance." ' ' And we have charged Butler with the Jesuitical cunning of not attempting to produce proof of the insti- tution of the so-called sacrament, because lie was conscious that no such proof is to bo found. While, however, Butler will not dare to offer proof from the scriptures that Christ instituted the so-called sacra ment of "penance," he is bold enough to offer something like proof that tho priest hasthe power to "forgive sins." Let us see : then what hand he shows in the doing of this difficult thing. The question is : — " When did Christ leave to the pastors of the Churoh the power of forgiving sins ? " Chiellj/ when He said to His Apostles, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins ye shall forgive, they aro forgiven them ; and whose sins yc shall retain, they, are retained to them.' " Now, we ask, is it conceivable that so great a dogma of the Papal Church, as .that of the " priest . forgiving sin," could be founded on so poor : and miserable a foundation ? The claim of the priest to have this power is one of the greatest which the priest could make. Is it pos sible that so exalted a claim should be presented on a ground so small and doubt ful ? The pyramids have a very broad basis on which to stand; and t heir narro w top, like a cone, reaches to heaven. But here, surely, the cone is downward, and .the base upward :: — not a very promising or reasonable position ; for there never was so wide.an assumption rested on so narrow a. basis, Indeed the whole thing is paltry and insulting. . It could not be admitted for a moment on the warrant of the words quoted. The words quoted are an afterthought and an excuse. They are foisted in as a proof, without the slightest application as a proof. And one feels, as one reads them, that one's intelli gence is mocked when it is thought that reasonable people will be satisfied Twith them. In fact, the thing is taken for granted ; and then a iriiserable attempt is made to bolster up the assumption with: sham evidence. Let us see ; and let us watch the necro- mancing shuffle. The question is, "When did Christ leavo to the pastors of the Church the power to forgive sins?" and the answer cunningly supplied by Butler is, " Chiefly when Ho said /o His apostles, &c.;" Now, do not our readers Bee the atlllfflA ? Th 1Q fit I'fln fVttt <v«nnfn/-l wuitiuv . AO vu>u.i;u IUI Lauiuu uuau uue " imstors of the Church " are synonymous with " the apostles." But this, at the outset we deny. The "pastors of the Church" were certain persons ; but the apostles were certain o£/ier persons. The "pastors of the Church" had certain qualifications ; but the apostles had certain other qualifications. The. " pastors of the Church " needed certain gifts; but the apostles needed certain other gifts. And, the " pastors of the Church" wore designed to be permanent officers, with the succes sion which death rendered necessary; but .the " apostles " were designed to be tern-- porary and extraordinary, who, as a matter of course could not have any suc cessors at all. The shuffle, therefore, was very convenient on the part of Butler, with which to deceive the little children in the schools ; but it is both transparent and vulgar to us, and tells us that Butler, on the one hand, as the author, and Dr. Vaughan, on the other, as the abettor, deliberately intended to deceive the chil dren. It is true that Christ gave certain powers to the apostles ; and it is true also, that, in reference to those powers, Christ specially qualified His apostles to exercise those powers. But it is an impudent assump- lion, which nowhere finds countenance in the Scriptures, that the jxistors of the Church have succeeded to those powers without the qualifications / The apostles were thus qualified : " Christ breathed, on them and said " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Thereupon the apostles were gifted with the miraculous gifts of the Holy Ghost. They were empowered to speak the word of God with inspiration. They were thereupon qualified to speak with tongues, to discern spirits, to give interpretations. They were thereupon entitled to say, "In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. Thereupon, also they had the power to say to the Ananiases, "Ye lie to the Holy Ghost ;" and to the sorcerers — " Ye children of the devil, ye shall be blind for a season." To apostles thus qualified it is easy to understand how Christ could say to them " Whosoever sins ye forgive, they are forgiven ; and whosoever sins ye re tain, they are retained ;" but if ever there was impudence and brazen imposture in , /the jumping of people from one thing to another which has nothing to do with it, it is here, from the privileges and duties of " apostles "-thus qualified, to " pastors of the Church " who had not, and were not required to have, the same qualifica tion. We admit that the apostles, had certain powers ; but neither Butler nor all the Butlers and Vaughans in the universe have ever proved, unless by a miserable and insulting petitio principii, that what the Apostles had, the " pastors of the Church " possess also. Let the so-called " Pastors of the Church," that is, the miserable priests whom we see around us, prove that they have had " Christ's breath ing of the Spirit" upon them ; that they have His miraculous gifts ; that they can speak with tongues ; that they have heal ing powers ; and that they are able, by inspiration, to discern and interpret and speak infallibly ; let us see these things in them, as they were seen in; the apostles ; . and then, perhaps, >ve shall consider that they have received the powers which the Apostles had ; but while they admit that they have none of the powers which the apostles had, and are wholly unable to do what the apostles were able to do, we have a right to say that their claims are not substantiated by the proof which they offer. Indeed, as . has, been often said, nobody could recover title or prove title to a foot of ground in the country, on the proof with which the: claim- of priests to forgive sins, admit some people to heaven, and drive away some other people to hell, is sought to be established. With such wretched evidence, then, we are mocked as sufficient to give the priest his power ! ElOSSOd. Liguori. — Our usual article on this sainted doctor is held over till next week. Now Tort Conversions.— Our readers will bo glad to know that the money forwarded by Pastor Chiniquy to New York, on behalf of the promising work of conversion from Popery, going on there, has safely arrived, and is hereby thankfully acknowledged. The converted priest Quinn has written us by the last mail to say how much its coming was appreciated. Priests Quinn, /Wood, Mullen, and Moonby are working under a committee of Protestant gentlemen and it appears that the results are very, encouraging. Mr. Quinn has been on missions to Papists to Philadelphia, Washington, and other places ; and the numbers of persons, chiefly Romanists, attending the services have been from two to nine thousand per week. Mr. Quinn writes in good heart, and states that as ho will probably go as far as San Pfaucisco in his work, it is pro bable that he may be tempted to come on to these colonies. He asks us to thank all the con tributors to tho sum sent. We shall bo willing to remit any amounts with which we may be entrusted towards the work. The Two Witnesses. —We have received a pamphlet, printed nicely by Mr. Samuel Lees, of 174, Pitt- street, containing a lecture by Mr. . Edward Alexander Eennie, on the very difficult subject of the two witnesses of Rev. xiii. Tho lecturer was able, and the audience being the Synod of a nonjuring remuant of the Presby- ; terian Church, was one pretty competent to re ceive and digest such strong meat. We cannot say that we believe the question is solved as to ; who the witnesses were, &c.; But this is only what we might venturo to predicate of any other commentators who have tried ! " The "year- day " method of interpretation is preferred, and it is maintained that any other would involve us in very serious difficulties. We must say we have tried it every way, and we find equal diffi culties in the year-day as in the literal day mode. When the same period is called 1260 days, three years and a-lialf, and forty-two months, it does seem very unnatural to call it 1260 years ; to fit in with any theory. Aa Irishman's Schedule.— The Herald is generally very accurate in thu information it gives, but wo are very puzzled by the report of an insolvency contained in its columns of last Tuesday, by which we aro informed that ascer tain Mr. O'Bryan filed his schedule : liabilities, nil ; assets, £10. If he had no liabilities/ how could lie be insolvent ? -There is a " bull " some where. . ! The AudiphOnc. — This is a new and ap- \- parently successful attempt to aid thoso persons who suffer from deafness. The various ear- trumpets which have been tried have- proved generally useless. But Mr. Richard Rhodes, of \- i - Chicago, himself a sufferer, having thought out the fact that there is another avenue to the audi tory nerve besides the drum of tho ear, namely, by the vibration of the teeth and other bones of the head, perfected a fan-shaped apparatus which, held against the upper teeth, enabled even deaf mutes to hear well at 40 or 50 feet distant. We cannot doubt the accounts of the wonderful results in apparently hopeless cases, and certainly in our own case we should _ be greatly delighted if we could find such a relief. But there are different kinds of deafness. We suppose that the kind likely to be relieved by the audiphone is indicated when one finds he can hear a watch-tick, or any other sound, better when his teeth touch the sound-producer, than when it is close to his ear. . All such we should strongly recommend to try the instrument, although we do not find the indications in our own case. Tho Commissioners of tho Exhibition are having their jubilation just now. Mr. John Davics had a banquet on Monday, and Mr. Jennings on Tuesday. Both were attended by the great celebrities, foreign and local, and the merited honours were done most gracefully. Very good work has been done, and under cir cumstances which constantly demanded good temper, good taste, a determination to make the Exhibition a success, and an unsparing use of brain and sinew. We aro really under much obligation to those who directed the Exhibition : and we should be willing to risk indigestion at a banquet in their honour. 