"WINTER BUTTER MAKING. {By Henry Stewart, in Rural Keio Yorker.) THS DAIRY. IF the first requisite for good batter is.the. cow, the ge ootid is the dairy room or bouse, for it is useless to procure good milk, if it is Fpniled in the keeping. A dairy room should have an even temperature, and in the winter may be kept at 45 to 50 degrees. One that is partly underground and has an apartment over it for churning and washing pans, eto., is preferable, bb it will need no artificial heating by a stove. I prefer one with brick walls, white-washed with lime, plastered overhead, and with a cement or flagstone floor; that has the windows abore grcnnd and faoing the south and west; the windows covered with floe wire gauze outside and hinged at tbe top, bo that they may be opened by raising and hooking up the Fash. The window being olose to tbe ociling, ventilates the room com pletely. My own aim in a dairy house is a bnildiog having a' brick basement in a bill side, with ice-house in the rear, having a ob'ute on the b&nk; through which to put in ioe; and tbe milk room in the front, with porch for airing the cans and pails. Over the milk room shall be tbe churning and washing room, provided with a water heater, and with an elevator for passing oream and butter up and down, and stairs leading below; also a sink with 'taps from' a tank above. Over the milk room Bball be a tank supplied from a well, by a windmill overtopping tbe whole. From the tank, water may flow tbrough a pipe into'the rooms below, for use in washing pans or supplying water in oase the submerged-oan system of setting the milk might be used at any time. A sink and drain may also be carried from tbe milk room. The tank will be high enough to supply the bouBe and the barn with water tbrough pipes. The coBt of the whole I estimate to be about 600dol. for a dairy of 50 cows, and norone oan doubt that it wiJi be a profitable investment for the maker of extra butter. THE CHTJBNING. When I enter this part of my^ subject I touch, a broad field, over which lie, in. per spective, the ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. The misery of a butter-maker is the end less variety of churns. There are -many good chums, beginning with the old fashioned up-and-down one, which recalls tny boyhood when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and often waited three hours; for in those days the whole milk -was churned. Now I can get my butter milk in eight minutes, or less, by the old kitchen clock, which never varies from year's end to year's end- But it is not from an up-and-down churn, which, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer; it is now from a "rectangular" churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being beaten1 about by these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of the butter. To piartioulariHe, lot me recall tbe oburn iog of the 7th of January, 1880, because this was an eventful one, and settled in my mind some questions which w«ro previously doubt ful to me. My crossbred tbree-year-old Jar gey and Ayrshire cow, Maida, had been Ireeh two weeks, and this was the first churning of six days' milk. Tbe 'cream -12 quarts exactly-was turned into the rectangular ohuro aforesaid, and tbe churn and oream were both dt a temperature of 65 degrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 revolutions of tbe churn per minute, I was surprised to hear the " slap dash" of the buttermilk, and was more than Burprfred on opening tbe churn to see BO magnificent a sample of butter. The ma?s of polden bntter was in small grains from tbe size of sago grains up to that of buck shot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in tbe churn, with a small quantity of butter milk at the bottom. The butter weighed 10 J pounds. The result, 10J pounds of baiter from 12 quaTiB of thick oream, churned in eight minutes, at a temperature of 65 degrees, settled some points about whioh questions are frequently asked. This churning out of the way the oream of two Ayrshire cows three-year-old, that have been milking 10 monthB and are three in calf-14 quarts in all-was put in tbe chum at a temperature of 60 degrees. This I churned three hours patiently without break ing the oream, and was advised to throw the oream ont as it was one of those messes whioh would never churn. Let us try Bome wurm water. A quart of hot water from the kettle was thrown in, tbe churn rotated, and in one minnte the butter oame; tbe temperature in tbe churn then was 64 degrees. This also goes eome way to settle another difficulty in winter dairying, whioh causes a great deal of trouble. If butter cornea nt 64 or 65 degrees In a short time, and fails to come at all at 60 degrees, this is a valuable faot to know. Another churning of Maida's cream of 16 quarts, from eeven days' milk, produces 14 pounds of butter in 12 minutes at a tempera ture of 65 degrees, with several stoppages to watch tbe progress, so tuat eight quarts of [ nearly pure oream will make seven pounds of batter. ' CHURNS. The Tartars are said to do their churning by putting the milk in a sheep-skin bottle, which thpy tie to the trundle and take a brisk gallop for an hour or two j on returning the butter is made. This is the original horse power churn. But its principle is clearly the same as that of our best modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessel in which the contents are dashed from one side to another to break up the butter globules. This is the principle of all the dashless churns of which EO many of such various shapes were shown at the late International Dairy Fair. The peculiar action of these, churns produces the butter in small globules, as above mentioned, and in this shape the milk can be drawn off and the cold water or brine introduced into the churn, and the butter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly of the many churns which I have used, the .' Rectangular" pleases me the most, on account of its very easy motion, its shape, which is a hollow cube suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite corners, its freedom from iron gudgeons penetrating inside as is usual in dash churns, and which will blacken and foul tbe butter, and chiefly on account of the ease and perfection with which it can be cleansed, its quick churning, and the excellent shape in which the butter comes. COLOUBXSO BUTTER. My customers are very exaoting people. Tbey objaot to light-oolonred butter, and, like ihe majority of consumer?, they judge of batter by the eye as well as by the flavour. Rseemly tLe New York Farmers' Club .' reao luted " that oolonring butter was a fraud and a practice to be denounoed. Do these farmers wear their caseimeres of the natural shoddy colour, or do tbey prefer them dyed? Did they object to the colouring of oleomargarine when tbey resolnted over that, and iuniBt that that fraud should bear ita naturalitallow colour? The fact is, bnt«er is cVlourud because those who buy it will hive it coloured to suit their taste; and while coloured butter will sell the best, so long wiil butter be coloured. Oae teaspoonful of good liquid butter colouring in 1*2 gallons of crenm is needed, even with Jersey cows, in the winter, and for other cows twice that quantity wiil be required to give a colour somewhat lighter than that of a gold coin. There is nothing about annatto that is objectionable, and all the talk about its filthy preparation is simply "bosh" and false hood. When colour is used it is best to pat it into the churn, and I do not find that it b*)E an; ill fff^ct whatever even upon the butierrniib, wtiich is a pleasant, who^oine article of food when the miik is all right. BITTER GRKAX. This reminds me of the many complaints of bitter cream in the winter. This is oansed invariably, I believe, by something in the food or in the condition of the oow. Every one knows how prevalent that vile plant, bitter-weed or rag- we6d (Ambjrosia. artem Taiiefolia) is, and how much of it ia cat with tbe second catting of the meadows-the mucb prai«ed-for'-batter rowen hay. TMb weed toll oive to milk, oream, or batter a very bitter flavour, which no prooet>s or disguise can conoeal. If tarnipa are ftd, I defy any person I to escape bitter oream an4 ill-flavoured outter. The presence of a heap of turnips on my barn floor the past winter so impregnated the air, although none were fed, that the milk was perceptibly flavoured by them until they were removed. Feeding immediately after or before milking iB unavailing. There are cows which, from some peculiarity of condition, give milk which tarns bitter. Sach cows should be discarded from a winter dairy ae soon as tbe fault is discovered, for they are not healthy and their secretions are not pare. The mixture of a pinoh of saltpetre in a sis quart pan of milk will remove or disguise this bitterness, I cannot say whioh. HOW BUTTEB MAT BE SPOILED. Good butter may be spoiled in the churn ing. Over-churning ruins the texture and changes the proper waxiness to a disagree able, sticky greasiness. This ia the more easily done in the cburns with, revolving dashers, which will press the butter against the side of the churn and squeeze and rub it until it is Bpoiled. Too long churning spoils the quality by the oxidation of the butter and the premature formation of strong-flavoured acids in it, the full pre serving presence of which we call rancidity. It may be spoiled by churning at too high a temperature, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy texture and flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may be Bpoiled before the cr> am reaches the churn by keeping this too long, or what is practically the same, by keeping j it in too warm a place; 50 degrees is about the right temperature if cream is' kept a j week; if it is kept at 62 degrees, three days are long enough. White specks are produced in butter by over- churning, or by having the cream too sour. Either of these faults produces curd in the milk, and the small flakes of this cannot be washed out of the butter. Milk from a cow in : ill health, and that is acid when drawn, will produce specky butter. So will the use of salt containing particles of lime, which unite with the butter and form insoluble lime soap. White specks are covered up to a large extent by using good colouring, which is made of oil aa th« solvent. But this use of a colouring, being to disguise a fault and to add an undeserved virtue, is worthy of the denunciation of even the Farmer's Club. 