Cooktown. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 2. The prospecting party under Mr. Donald Lang arrived at the Laura River yesterday. Nothing & known as to the result of their explorations, int they are expected to arrive hero on Sunday. -The news of the political prospecta in England ?conveyed in our cable advices thia morning will doubtless come aa a Burprise to most of our readers. It has been difficult at thia distance to estimate very truthfully the political sentiment that would determine the electiouB, but we in clined to the belief that the Tory party would again have a majority. As with each extension of the suffrage England grows more democratic, it becomes a matter of great difficilty to appraise at its true value the opinions of the Press, which, though usually to a large extent those of the educated minority, havo been hitherto looked upon as "public opinion." The large proportion of voters from the working classes have evidently upset all calculations. The rule of Lord Beaconsfield's Government will bo associated in the mind of the British workman with expensive and somewhat inglorious wars, and a long continued trade depression, aud with- out very deeply considering how the Liberal statesmen might have better evaded the difficul- ties of the laat three years, he has apparently decided that it is worth trying a change. We \- believe in tho outlying parts of the Empire tho ir change will be regretted. The Queen's subjects abroad like to hoar of the old country taking her place in the council of the Great Powers, and making her opinion respected by a resolute bearing. The Manchester school of politics, in which " the jingle of the guinea helps the hurt that honor feels," is not popular out of England, and a policy of non interference in European counsels appears to us in the colonies a dangerous abdication of a position that England stoutly won and has maintained Bince the days of the Plantagenets. The position of the Liberals in the hour of vic- tory will be by no means without embarrass- ments. With a majority of about thirty in a .party composed of such heterogenous materials as Liberals, Radicals, and Home Rulers, the in coming Government can hardly be considered a strong one, andthefactof the moBt extraordinary man in England, who was a Cabinet Minister when the present leader of the Liberal party was at school, taking a subordinate position in the anticipated Cabinet, shows how strong is the distrust of Radical influence in the Liberal camp. 'The particular juncture of their accession to power is for them most unfortunate. With the Afghanistan business unsettled, aud a Russian expedition preparing for an advance on Merv, they will be almost at once called upon to show whether they place that generoiiB reliance on the good faith of the Czar that has boen one of the articles of their profession. They can scarcely consistently take any steps to secure Herat against Russia, when they have all along ridiculed the Tory suspicion of Russian aggres- sion. The long-promised Turkish reforms, too, cannot now be allowed to slumber, and decisive action iu this delicate business to a Government hampered by peace-at-nny-price professions will be extremely difficult. Altogether, the political outlook is sufficiently uncertain to rob the Liberal victory of all appearance of a permanent triumph. The newly-elected Legislature in California is giving birth to many novelties, and amongst the number are laws for the better control and regu- lation of the newspaper Press. One of these (we leam from the San Francisco News Letter) provides that tho full name of the real writer shall be printed at the foot of every editorial or original article which expresses an opinion or draws any deduction from alleged facts. Among actual writers of merit thia bill will surely find favor. It is calculated to exalt and dignify their profession, which in very truth ia eadly in neod of Borne elevating process. The man who writes over his own signature will write with a due sense of responsibility. If the power is in him he will do justice to his subject, to his em- ployer, to his readers, and to himself. If he has capacity he will soon be known and appreciated and in the end he will receive greater financial and social recognition than is at present vouch- safed to the men who to-day do other men's thinking. Such a law would do much to take away from the American Press the scandal which attaches to it, that its editorials are flippant and shallow, and not always cal. culated to Bubserve their tone, their highest and their best purpose, of soundly educating and rightly directing the public mind. The pen is mightier than the sword. Yet, while the sword bringa rank, station, honor, and high rewards, he who wields the pen, though he opens a whole storehouse of knowledge and experience to Iiíb readers, and be gifted with rare qualifications not given to one man in ten thousand, be is never- theless relegated to a back room, where he is overworked and underpaid, and, when he goes out among his fellows, is most likely to find that he occupies but an undefined and uncertain social status. The "liberty of the Presa" ought to include the liberty of ita most valued mem- bers to win whatover of name, fame, and fortune their abilities and experience entitle thom to. At present it means anything but that. The leading writer has an extinguisher put over his head, his person is unknown and his identity hidden. What would a preacher Bay if his name were strictly withheld from his congregation, and he were compelled to preach from behind a par- tition, bo that he might be heard but not seen ? What would the generalship of a great soldier amount to if he were compelled ti preserve his identity from his troops, and forced to issue orders from behind a mask . In France writers have the advantage of signing their names to their communications, and the system gave the world Thiers, Gambetta, Cassagnac, and many other great men. The bill I am alluding to might well be called, "An Act to Emancipate Writers for the Press of the State of California." We have received from Mr. G. E. Layton, through the assistant secretary to the National Association, the following additional awards for Queensland exhibits at Sydney :-Irwin Bros., Warilla, for Verdellho sweet wine, 1877, first Prize ; Jacob Kircher, Assmanshausen, Warwick, Verdellho, 1877, white, light, dry, second prize ; C. F. Chubb, Ipswich, Malmesbury, third prize ; Milton Distillery Company, geneva and rum, each third prize ; same, for white spirit, first fnn?e,» Hewitt and Co., Pleystowe, Mackay, rum T.oulk, first prize ; same, for bottled rum, third tm-Ze ! cGeoree Raff and Co., Morayfield, Cabool 0~f'. first Prize and second prize, different samples ; W. H. Couldery, Ageston, Beenleigh, Wum' .B,econo- Prize ; C. Z. Bertheau, Bunda am F en water, second prize; same, for anfli .cordIaI' third Prize¡ same, for curacoa strLi ^^^aoh fourth prize ; Coates, Adelaide Carm-'r.irrli T' oranSe biUers> third Priz9 - L i)ri7<.'.T>aeV, risbaDe> orange bitters, second oil fT ,frkley and Taylor, Brisbane, dugong fcÄ* VT'la> Stiller> Brisbane, dugong oil, tia! n;i"pr,Z8 » Botanic Gardens, Brisbane, essen ¿"««Prepared by L. Carmichael, first prize j , Bold*'TùtaiSer>, essential oils, fourth prize ; and ' uiaema-i. Rockhampton, soap, first prize. The Rev. D. P. Kingham, incumbent of the parish of Tambo and Blackall, will officiate at the Memorial Church, Milton, to-morrow morn- ing and evening. The Freethought Association meet in the Town Hall to-morrow evening, to consider the interesting though rather shady subject of "Ghosts and their doings." The New Church services to-morrow will be devoted to "Spiritual beauty and the means of obtaining it. The Revs. William Powell and W. J. Bray will preach to-morrow in the Primitive Metho- dist Church, and on Tuesday next will bo enter- tained in Leichhardt- street Church at a valedic- tory tea meeting. We wish to make a correction in reference to the telegram in yesterday's Courier about the fire at Cooktown. The stock and furniture are not insured in the New Zealand Company, but in the Transatlantic, the building only being insured with the New Zealand. The Woolloongabba Divisional Board received, on Thursday last, 26th ultimo, tenders to break Btouo at the board's quarry. The prices ranged from 7s. 6d. to 3a. 3d. per yard. The loweBt tender (that of Messrs. Algar and Cutter) was ac- cepted. The subdivision committees will report immediately where road repairs are most required. It is gratifying to learn, as through the cour- tesy of the Minister for Lands we have been informed, that the payments due on the 31st ultimo from selectors uuder the Landa Aots of 1808 and of 1876 are coming in very well. So far, 85 per cent of the amounts due, as per Gazette of Monday, March 1, has beon received. A cricket match will be played at Bowen Hills between the second eleven of the Bowen Hills C.C. and the second Alberts, this afternoon, to commence at 2 o'clock sharp. The natnea of tho playera will be found in our advertising columns. We hear Mr. J. A. South, lato captain of "H.M.S. Pinafore" at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, in Mr. Williamson's company, has ai rived in town, and ¡mends giv.Bg bouio speciality enter- tainments. Messrs. SnmrEnsoN and Howard's burlesque company, thirty-two iu number, to open at the Queenaland Theatre on Monday night, arrived from Sydney by the Keilawarra yesterday. In point of numbers the company is one of the most effective that haa ever appeared in Bris- bane, and we may look to "Robinson Crusoe" and the other pieces ty» be produced during the season to bo put on the stage effectively. A frame, containing photos, of the eminent tragedienne, Miaa Augusta L. Dargon, as she appears in Beveral of her great characters, was on view yesterday in the window of Messrs. Paling, Kaye, and Jefferies, Queen-street, and attracted quite a crowd throughout the day, Together with the photos, there were a beautifully illumi- nated address and a necklet with diamond pendant, both of which were presented to Miss Dargon in Melbourne-the latter by the ladies of that city. The photographs are highly finished pictures, and will well repay inspection, as they givo an idea of the diversity and range of this gifted lady's impersonations. Mr. Dillon had a good house at his benefit last night. The Acting Governor and Mrs. Bell were present during tho performance, and were heartily cheered on leaving the theatre. Don César de Bazan went very Buioothly, Mr. Dillon being at his best in the leading rôle. As Maritana MissPonder waa natural and graceful, audsang the pleasing airs incidental to the part in the opera very charmingly. Mr. Bolton as the King of Spain sang "Hear mo, gentle Maritana," with good voice and effect, as did Mr. Andrews the martial song, " Let mo like a Soldier fall." The perform- ance concluded with the trial sceno from the " Merchant of Venice," the part of Shyloek being assumed by Mr. Forbes, who we suppose is an amateur, and therefore exempt from criticism. To-night is the last of Mr. Dillon's company, and the excellent play " Ambition " is announced for the final performance. The following tenders were opened yester- day :-In the office of the Under Secretary for Works : For iron gates for the Supreme Court buildings-F. Richards, 10s. per superficial foot ¡ S. Shillito, £59, ten weeks ; W. Reed, £250 ; E. Reed BroB., £246 ; Evans and Hiley, £190. In the office of the Under Secretary for Education '? For State school and residence, Goomburra, N. B. Headland, £630, five months ; J. Rendwick, £595, four months ; J. Willey, £725, five months ; Andrew Gordon, £655 ¡ D. Crombie, £634, three months ; J. Wohlsen, £53S, six months ; George Lilley, £592, four months. For State school and residence, Yaamba-J. O'Dwycr, £700, three months; S. Tippet, £580, fifteen weeks ; T. Blume, £GS7, three months ; N. B. Headland, £720, five months ; Holyoake and Lawson, £800, four months. It is notified in to-day's Government Gazette that Mr. J. Clohesy having repudiated hiB ten- der for repairs and additions to the court-house at Tambo, haa been disqualified from success- fully tendering for any works undor the Depart- ment of Public Works for a period of twelve months from date. The first of a series of seven lectures arranged to be given by Mr. J. S. Hermann Schmidt, under the auspices of the Queensland National Association, was delivered at the Chamber of Commerce, Town Hall, last evening. The sub- ject chosen by Mr. Schmidt is " Wool," and he stated last night that he had divided it into five branches, namely : -1. Tho rational principles of breeding as they apply to every species of animals and plants. 2. The wool from a physio- logical point of view and as a product for the market. 3. Woollen manufacture as a means of illustrating why certain qualities of wool are especially desirable and others are not so. 4. The methods to be adopted in Improving the breed of sheep. 5. A historical aketch of the development of fine wool growing in the differ, ent countries where merinos are kept. The open- ing lecture last night dealt mostly with the theore- tical part of breeding, and contained a mass of information highly interesting to breeders, not only of Bheep, but of cattle also, We were sorry to see a rather small attendance, but trust before the next of the series is given the value of these lectures will have become more thoroughly known and appreciated. Amongst those present were Messrs. T. Rome (who occupied the chair), P. R. Gordon, J. Fenwick, A. Raff, bon. J. C. Heussler, M.L.C., and other gentlemen who take a special interest in sheep breeding and the production of wool, and they one and all expressed themselves greatly pleased with the able lecture delivered by Mr. Schmidt. The chairman gave it as his opinion that the time was approaching when theoretical and scientific knowledge would bave to be com- bined with the practical more than it had been in the past, and expressed a hope that future lectures of the series would be more largely attended than the first. The subject treated of in these lectures is of such importance, and is in such able hands, that they could not be done justice to by giving a mere résumé of them, and we hope to be able on a future occasion to pub- lish in full that delivered last night, as well as those which are to follow it. In Brisbaue yesterday the weather was fine and clear, with a cool westorly windduring the greater part of tho day. Other BtationB throughout the colony report fine weather. On the coast the sea was smooth and the weather Hue, and iu most in- stances calm. Colonel E. D. R. Ross, returning offioor for the South Briabano slectorate, attended at tho School of Arts, Stanley-street, at noon yeatcrday, and officially announced the names of the candi- dates nominated to fill tho vacancy in the repre- sentation of the electorate in the Legislative Assembly ciused by the resignation of Mr. Angus Mackay. There were about seventeen persona present, inclusivo of two of the candidates Messrs. Fraser and Hocking?. The returning officer having announced the undermentioned candidates, stated that thoro being more than the required liuuibor a poll would be taken on Tues- day next, in the Mechanics' Institute, Stanley street, and at Mount Pleasant, Kangaroo Point, commencing at 9 a.m. and finally closing at 4 p.m. :-Simon Fraser-nominated by Joseph Baynes, W. N. Baxter, John Fraser, J. E. Elliott, John Woodburn, William Coote, D. Lovo, John Hardgrave, R. Love, juuior, and D. Sinclair. Albert J. Hookinga-nominated by Arthur Wood- ward, Hugh Moar, Alfred R. Jones, John Mule, T. Kinsella, John Toppin, senior and juuior, W. D. Grimes, John Forsyth, Joseph Hogan, J. D. Heal, and William JoneB. Charles Prentice nominated by Frederick Koch, Matthew Adam, Jame3 Williams, Benior, J. B. Nicholson, George Heaslop, George William Whittlo, Andrew Mur phie, C. Kluver, Robert Pard, C. R. Leu, and William Bryant. It baa long been held by persons acquainted with the locality that thero íb a probability of payable gold being found on the western water- shed of the Durundur Range, iu the vicinity of the Delanoy, the Taponga, and Neurum Creeks. We leam that an old and well-known ro Bidont of the district proposes to form a company to fit out a party to prospect the country for gold. The projected company is to consist of seventy shares of £1 each, and this capital, it is estimated, will suffice for the equipment of a party of four men with horses, toole, &c;, and rations for six months. On tho return of the party, at the expiration of the bíx months, the horses to be sold for the benefit of the shareholders. In the event of payable gold being discovered the compauy'a shares aro to tie increased from seventy to ninety the additional twenty to be given to tho four prospectors, and thereafter the working oxpenBes to be defrayed by the holders of the ninety, shurea, pro rata. All the gold found during the prospecting trip, up to the timo of layiug off a prospecting claim, to bo the property of the four prospectóla ; but in the «vent of a reward being being obtained from Government for the discovery of a now goldfield, the amount to become aSBetB of the company. The promoter urges that, should a goldfield be opened up in the locality indicated, Brisbane would necessarily be- come the port of entry, and ho states that there is every reason to believe that Gympie ia not the only good patch of payable auriferous country between there and tho Mary and Brisbane Mivers. Dolaney Crook is distant from Bris- bane about fifty-throe miles, and there ÏB a good road to the foot of the range. The promoter urges that, should a moderately rich goldfield bo discovered in the locality proposed to be prospected, it would effect a favorable chango for the colony generally, and for Brisbane more particularly, and he therefore relies on tho business people of tho metropolis to take ßhares in tho company. The Bcheme appears to havo as many elements of success to recommend it as usually attach to ventures of the samo de- scription. In the Supreme Court, in Chambers, yostorday, before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, in thogoods of George Tough, deceased, late of Byerstown, Mr. C. E. Chubb, instructed by Mr. C. F. Chubb, applied, on behalf of the cassate administrator, for au order nisi, calling upon William Tough, the interim administrator of George Tough, to show causo why a writ of attachment should not issue against him for contempt in disobeying a citation issued out of the court ou January 14 last. An order núi was granted, and made returnable on May 3. In the insolvent estato of Joel Wilde, of South Brisbane, on the applica- tion of Mr. Miskin (from Mr. Macpher- son^ office), the insolvency was closed, the trustee to apply for his release on April 19\. The report of the trustee, John Burns, showed that all the property of the insol- vent had been realised, and that a dividend of 10s. OJd. had been paid. On the application of Mr. Chisholm (from Mr, Bruce'b office), the in- solvent Daniel Harrison, of Bulimba, farmer, formally passed his last examination. In the insolvent estate of Vat Loy and Ah Chee, on the application of Mr. Hamilton (from Mr. Thynne's office), the insolvent Ah Chee was granted a cer- tificate of discharge, upon a special resolution of creditors. The insolvent Robert Hardgrave waa also granted a certificate upon a special resolu- tion of creditors. We have been favored with a copy of the balance-sheet of the Hibernian Benefit Society of Queensland for the yoar 1879, and we gather from the accounts therein Btated that the affaira of the society are in a Bound and flourishing condition. On January 1, 1879, the Bociety had a balance in hand of £586 2s. 5d., which was increased during the year by the members' subscriptions, &c;, to £841 13s. 3d. The dis- bursements consisted of two allowances to mem- bers of £12 each for the funerals of their wives, and of payments to members on account of Bickness amounting to £43 16s. The total " cost of management " includes " doctors' and chemists' charges," and comes to £142 12a. Id. We Fhould recommend the committee to keep the medical charges under a separate account, because they do not belong properly to the management department. The cash balance at the end of 1879 to the credit of the society was £631 5s. 2d., showing an addition to the assets of £45 2s. 9d. This amount would have been larger but for a decrease in the number of members, which the report shows are twelve less than in the previous year. The most satis- factory feature in the report is the plain state- ment of the manner in which the funds of the society are invested, and also the careful way in which the remaining assets are enume- rated. No member of the society can com- plain of the want of full details respecting its financial position, and the managing com- mittee deserve credit for the business-like way in which they have stated the affairs of the society. The bulk of the cash of the society is placed on fixed deposit at two of the local banks and also at the Savings Bank, the interest re- ceived being £23 15s. 9d., and the total ia £631 5s. 2d., to which is added other property of the society, consisting of regalia, band instruments, furniture, &c;, which are valued at £138 18s, Gd., thua making the total assets £770 3s. 8d. The number of members is not large, being only Eeventy- two, and the value of assets per member is £10 13s. 9d. We should like to report that a larger number of persona were availing them- selves of the benefits to be derived from such a useful and well-managed benefit society. 