-jSgdirdg Swell cs. £By the Sentirtel-j Sir Henry Pnrkes At the Builders' and Contractors'' picnic on ' Wednesday eulogised the conduct of the Ministry- and spoke with much force on the concentrated purity of his colleagues. As the wines were very choice, the old gentleman was very humorous, but ms proveroiai reticence on an matters connected with the futnre policy of the Government never for a moment changed ; and we are now as ignorant as before the picnic. He spoke plainly about the re mission of interest. It is well the noble knight at last decided to do so. though some say bis motive for not doing it sooner was simply to find which way "the cat jumped." The Premier is dead against " repudiation," believing that burglary might just as well be legalised as to think of' knock ing off "annually £400,000. No doubt this kind of sentiment will be universally endorsed. Some say those who got up. the cry of abolition of inter est were only aiming at the fall of the Government,, because tliey thought all the selectors were bound to agree to it, and as tlie Ministry were certain to object, this would he the 'rock oh which Sir- Henry would split 1 But if this he true, the framers of the ' plot made au egregious' blunder in not first taking the feelings of the selectors. It is easy to conceive how convenient it would be for some people if they could only manage to get Parkes out of the way be fore -the expiration of another three years. .But the task- will be a difficult one. He told the as semblage that the Public Instruction Act was not yet out of the reach of its enemies, and that every intelligent elector- should make candidates express their views clearly on this point. Dissolution. The first signs of an early dissolution of Parlia ment have been given, by the Government, The returning officers having all received their com missions, circulars have- been' forwarded them ask ing them if any alteration is required iri the ap pointed polling places, aud to suggest others if necessary. The electoral rolls ase nearly completed, so that by the middle- of next month it is fully ex pected the dissolution of our present Assembly will take place, and in six weeks after the writs will be returnable just soon enough to allow of a Supply Bill being passed for January. As tlie time draws near the electioneering fever warms up, and candi dates are springing up on all sides. The suburbs of Sydney are particularly active with their candi dates — Newtown, having two members to return, has already five aspirants ; Balmain, five candi dates for one seat, but a deputation waited on the Premier yesterday asking him to grant them an other. The hon. gentleman did not give a decided answer, but said he would see the Attorney- General and ask his advice. Canterbury has four seeking for a place, but whether Sir Henry Parkes comes forward again for this electorate is uncertain, for it is said he will try and endear himself once more with the East Sydneyites. South Sydney is the only branch of the three boroughs that ia making a stir— east and west lying an their oars. But all the meetrSnga are- somewhat premature. There is no Ministerial programme before the country, and they- are showing their hands to the Cabinet, who will be able to . trim their sails, accordingly. It would he far better for candidates to be silent till the dissolution actually occurs'; for what they say od the liustinge will have lost its freshness or charm of novelty. Most of .those who have-spoken (that is, of the present members of Parliament), is of what they did in the House, or what they promise to do in the future. However, the longer the day of reckoning is put off the heavier will be the cost for at meetings at the various hotels our host will not he idle in getting up his customary score. - Compulsory Clause, The Education Department have made "a com mencement with the new Bill on the compulsory clause for running iu the waifs and strays. The edict has gone forth for all the public schools in tlie metro olis, and suburbs. Large posters are everywhere to be seen headed " Proclamation," in timating to parents of children in these districts that if they do not send their children to the near est pablic school a penalty will be inflicted which will be the means, it is to be hoped, of clearing our streets during even a portion of the day of some- of our larrikin element-. The intention of the Depart ment is very shortly to extend the proclamations to other districts beyond the metropolitan. The Clip. Wool is coming into Sydney faster and earlier than any previous years, and is being shipped off to London as quick as ships are ready to couvey it. Seven sailing ships have already sailed with the new clip ; three steamers and five more ships are on the berth with promises to be iu time for the , February sales. The steamers Orient and Somer setshire will also leave this week with full cargoes. 18,385 bales have been sent away this month, tak ing also 29,000 hides, 50,715 horns, 15,624 tons pre served meat, 3254 casks tallow, 582 .bales leather, | 12,147 ingots copper, 10,240 cakes copper, 12,392. ingots tin, besides quauiities of casks of -butter, hones, rags, glee,, pearl shells, copra, 346 casks, and- i 120 cases wine. Frozen Meat. The intentions of shipping frozen meat to Eng- land are getting more earnest; and there is every . probability of something being done in this matter, although since the experiment with the Strathleven the idea has been, allowed to, drop. The fine boat Orient has shown also what can be done, for on her outward trip she brought no live stock with her, and all he?- meat, poultry, fish, &c.;, was killed in . England. and by the freezing appratus was brought ought in prime condition. The captain of the steamer invited a few friends' on board, and gave them a taste of the roast beef of old England, which made many of the guests smack their lips and pronounce it Al. Poultry was also tried and this was found to be as good as when killed. The Meat Preserving Company are about to take the matter up, and instead of their buying as they do now over 200 head of cattle and 3000 sheep for pre serving, the quantity will soon he doubled or trebled. An exhibition of preserved meats is. about to he held in London, .which \\\\-ill also give an im petus to the industry. Melbourne Exhibition. Our friends of the sister colony are " up to- their eyes" in amusement, and to-morrow and Tuesday will afford f two of the grandest sights the " world has yet seen," for on these days the Derby an.d Cap- are run. For the former- the pub.Uo: pin their- faith on the beautiful Grand Flaneur. This time, I think they have tlie trump eard. I told you six months ago a half-brother of his would win the Cup ; and am more than convinced new that the truthful Chester' lias "a great ' mortgage" on that exquisite trophy. Almost every second person you meet the question - is: put, " Are you going to Melbourne?" The railway authorities have been put to their wits ends to find accommodation for passenger to Wo- dongn, and they have determined not to book any more through passengers till Monday, so that a rush has been and is made for the steamers, The Lyeo- Moo'n yesterday was so crowded with passengers, that, she dec! i ued to take any more saloon passen gers, and those who came late bad to put up with steerage berths. The Rodonda took 2Q0 passengers, and the fighting at the wharf for sleeping berths was some thing to be remembered. The Macedon, Leura, Orient, and Somersetshire, are all to sail this, week for Melbourne, aud all are full up. The Wak-. atipu and the Te Anau brought. 400 passengers from. . New Zealand this week, and most of these are- bound for the Melbourne carnival. The Missing Boat. The Bermagui mystery still remains unravelled;, and there are great doubts about its ever being- cleared up.. No signs of the occupants are yet to. light, and the surmises as to foul treatment are yet unexplained. Some entrails, which are said to be long to the human body, are reported as being found on the beaoh at Montague Island, and by that it is. supposed the- crew were drowned, and their bodies mutilated by sharks. Active search is, however, being still carried on, aud it is to he hoped our miuds will soon be set at rest about this mystery. Shipping Disasters, The heavy gale in which the ship Susanne God-, defroy " fell to pieces" has caused more damage be sides the loss of that unseaworthy fraud. The fine steamer Gunga, which left the port on September 28th, for Levuka, has not been beard of since. The barque Result, which left Newcastle, coal laden, for Melbourne on the 28th. nit., is also among the missing ; and three schooners, which left various ports for Port Macqnarie on the same date, are amongst those which are wanting. The angry- deep enfolds in its depths many a brave heart, and who shalL say that dark, un fathomed tomb.has not claimed our missing friends as its own ? Just imagine a frail craft on the tempest-tossed billows, on snch a night as that which sealed the doom of the Susanne Goddefroy, Ye laud lubbers, think of it and shudder h A Ghost in the Flesh. You must come to Sydney for novelties. Tbey- have a ghost in Gloucester-street with ch -thing ap-. propriately coloured a dead white. It has caused a good deal of alarm at times, and has frightened not a few of the residon.ts-of the locality during the- past few weeks. Opinions were- divided as to its, origin, the general belief being that it represented someone wrongfully, done to death, on Gallows Hill. A sceptical youngster lay in wait for it a night or.- two since, aud saluted it with one or two, over-ripe eggs. Its profanity was sufficiently pronounced to indicate its present lodgings, hut was- not at all. rococo, and, in fact, replete with the most modern. " objurgatory slang; Careless Railway Accident;. When shall we hear the last of accidents occa- : sioned through the recklessness of railway officials?' ; The 5.35 suburban train from Sydney, this eveuing,. ' was just leaving Eveleigh, and passengers .by it : were crossing the line, when a through traiu to i Sydney rushecl past, and a young man named George- Dickens, being unable to get clear of the sails, and, his leg from the knee upwards was. dreadfully- i lacerated. The train which struck the yotmg man, immediately pulled up, and the sufferei was. con veyed to Redfern, thence he was. taken, to the Iu-- firmnry. Thomas Spurgeon.. . The Rev. Thomas Spurgeon preached his fare well discourse in the Glebe Presbyterian Church . this evening. There was a very large attendance and the commonions building was densely erowded, in every part. The subject of Mr. Spurgeon's dis-. course was Philippians i v., 6 " Be careful for nothing ; bnt iu every thing by prayer and supplica-- ;,tion. with thauksgiving, let yonr requests be made known unto. God." From- these words he delivered- a most appropriate and powerful sermon. Mr. Spurgeon has all the eloquence of his illustrious, parent, and he has the additional recommendation, of being equally as earnest and sincere. At the close a number remained to bid au affectionate: farewell to the young minister. Ned Kelly Convicted, As I write, news is to hand of Ned Kelly's trial. The outlaw, as may be expected, was convicted and sentenced to death. Kelly had a good deal to say in reply to the judge, aud told his Honor he would " see him there bv-abd-bye." This man ap«. pears to be a mo9t extraordinary character, and of the Scott type of criminal. However,. he will very- shortly pay thepenalty of his crimes, and we ought, at least forgive the misguided culprit for having so grossly outraged our feelings." He is shortly to meet bis offended Maker, before Whom he must, answer for the phalanx of terrible sins he is. here held guilty of ; aud "vengeance is mine, saiththe Lord." Sydney. Friday Evening, 