VICTORIA. . Mr. F. W. Prell, a leading merchant in Mel bourne has purchased tho Union Bank site at the corner of Queen and Collins streets, for £27,000. Sorgeant McParland made some very severo ro- matksattho Ballarat Police Court on Thursday, which are unfortunately true, in reference to tho habit of assaulting police and Chinamen that h.u become so common of lata. "It was," he said, "getting fashionable with tho rising generation to knock Chinamen and policemen about whenever thoy oould." A coloured man, named Francis Walker, was fined 10s., with costs, at the Melbourne Police Court on Thursday, for cruelty to a horse. The cruelty consisted jn fastening a rope ronnd the neck of tho horse (which was a jibbor), attaching it to a lorry, nnd dragging the animal along the road for about 100 ynrds. In its struggles to get freo the horse killed itself. Lists are being handed about of a new Ministry that includes tho names of Sir John O'ShanosBy and Mr. Berry, and a selection of members from the two oorners. As a matter of fact, the late Premier and Sir John O'Shanassy aro just now per sonally an terras of a most amicablo character, and in various parts of 1 he House, such as the library or billiard-room, they are found in frequent annfab, Tho insolvency of Mr. J. J. Bqcklirad, of Qeelong, woolbrokor, is aunouuqed, the liabilities being close upon£20,0QQ, and tho assets very muoh smaller. The prospoets of tho establishment of a telephone oxohniigo hi Melbourne ore improving, and a rather interesting syllabus and explanation of tho prin ciples upon whioh tho system is worked havo been puuiiBnod. .Lho poBtmaBter-Goneral is favourable to the Behemo, and it is understood that, tho diffi culty wln.'ii has. often formed an obstacle (o the extqnsion of pi (vote telegraphy, namely, the ofijoq- tion of yip City Qprgorqtion to" qUqwffig the street's to he fifosqpq 4 Anglos) tq thpir direction by ryires will (ie ovpipoipo. The Wesleyan Spectator protests in strong Ian- gliaflo against Mr, Bout's deseeration of the Sabbath whilst on a reasut visit to tho Gippsland Lakes. On Sunday last the. Commissioner of Publio Works; .proceeded on a visit of inspection up the Tambo : River in the steamer Ttinjil, and on the saryp day recoived a deputation, and jiqjpQd qt luq- oheon, A black hare was caught the otfior day by Mr. Thomas Kemp, qf Colao. This is the first black hare the local paper has ever heard of, and strange to say it was coursed by a pqrp wfiito groyhcupd, with just one small spot of black op jts forpheqd. Soiflo npwspapprs fiayo recpntly stated that Mr. Peter Lalor s father and hrother have been returpod to Rarfiament at the recont otectiqns in Ireland. This, however, is not oorrect, as Mr. Lalor, sen., .of Tinnakill, Queen's County, has been dead for years ; but a brother of Mr. ,P. Lalor's was returned as one of the Home Rule members for the Queen's County, Mr. A7 O'Connor being the other Buccessfnl candidate, . It is not the extravagance of tho womon or tho -bad habits of the young men (the JJeraM says which havo brought qt)0Ht tlio cleojine of matrimony. The faot is thai;, 'as far as statistics bIiow, there are at present, in proportion to tho population, fewer persons of marriageable ages than at any previous ! pcriou ui our msvory. S'r Bryan O'Loghlen's tribulations (writes the; Melbourne correspondent of tho Qeelong Advertiser ) vanish as soon as ha quits the disturbing occupation ot politics. He lost his Attorney-Generalship, his constituency/ and tho bliss of being blackguarded daily/ and now fortune turns and breaks Into a smile extended enough fee a minstrol cornor-man. Sucposs ia at tho bar his handmaid, and the All Nations, Woods Point, of whioh he owns more than half, pans out grandly. The proposal of some of tho members of the oom- mittee of tho Viotorian Rowing Association to allow . all persons employed in manual labour requiring; physical strongth to only compote in two raoes at the annual Melbourne regatta, is creating some , excitement amongst those clubs which suqh resolu tion will affect, if it bo oarried at the special; general meeting of rowing'mon, to bo hold at the1 Athpmpum on Wednesday, July 14. It may not he generally known that Mr. Buxton Sturtnvant, an eloctra-plater in Melbourne, claims . to have discovered Bevorol years ago a mode of saving fine moal gold by an electrio process, bo that Mr. Edison would appear to bo ouly treading in tho footsteps of a Victorian. I am given to understand (says tho correspondent of the JJendigo Advertiser I that our inventor would have utilised hjs dispovory long ogoif he could have found any venturesome gold- seoUei's willing ta aid and accompany him in apply-: jng tho tost to heaps of tailings. Mine-owuers might think it worth their while to see if " there is anything in it," Robbory with violenoe still oontinuos to be a frequont offenoe iu Melbourne and its suburbs, and country visitors aro cautioned against making any disnlav of monev. iowellerv. or othnr " nortablo property" amongBt strangers, even of superfioially rospeotablo appearance. ; Rather an original remark was made by Mr. ; Langridge in tlio Assembly last week, whon speaking- on tho Reform Bill. Ho was alluding to the pro bability of a dissolution if the iqeaaur<J wore not oarried, aud he observed, " It's all very well to! alk qbout going to the country, but it strikes mo the country will ' go' for us if we don't sottlo this ques tion oue way or the other." The dry manner in; : wliioh the hon. member made the assertion provoked, hearty laughter from both sides of the House. With regard to tho statement that Mr. Servioe. has tlio power of a dissolution from the Governor in! his pocket, tho Ballarat Star soys We need scarcely say that no Governor would bo so foolisji as to promiso a dissolution before the events liavo occurred which cause a formal demand for one ta bo made, and wo must say that it is uufortunato that His ijxaellenay shquld havo been made, even by, implioatlan, to take up a position whioh it is well known that ho has himsolf deolared to be an im proper ono," i A numerously attended meeting was held in Molbourue last week to considor the position of the colony as regards her coal supply. Mr. A. K. Smith, M.L.A., and other speakers addressed the meeting, aud a resolution urging the Government to take immediate Btops to develop the coal resourcos of the colony was carried. A deputation was ap pointed to wait upon tho Government with rogard to the matter. . .The prospoptus of the Qolonial Fresh Meat Com pany (Limited), which has been formed at home for ' the purpose of exporting f rosh meat from the Aus tralian colonics on tho principle whioh in the ease of tha Strathloven experiment secured suoh satis, factory results, has boeu issued. The oapital of the company will consist of £200,000, in 20,000 shares' of £0,oaah, but tha amount proposed ta be raised by the first issue of shares is £100,000. It is optional with the directors to reserve a portion of the capital, not exceeding £30,000, for subscription; in the colonies. The company hope to commence with the export of 200 tons of beef and mutton ovapv fnrfcntalif;. Th in nnlnnlnfad t.hnf. f.ha -rrmfifa will enable dividends of 15 per oent. per annum to bo paid. It is proposed, if possible, to amalgamate the company with the Australian Frozen Moat Ex port Company (Limited). i For soma time past (writes the Kynelon Observer )\ , an old lady of occentric habits has been playing, therofe of a ghost in the neighbourhood of the! borough of . Malmsbury, by the assumption of; various protean disguises, and has thereby causod: somo alarm to passers-by in lonely places after' dark, by her unexpected appearances, "dressed in: white raiment." For a long while tho matter was) shrouded in mystery, but recently solved by a! a young man, who boldly seized the supposed! ghost, . aud ascertained who it was. - It appears! that the lady is one who. oan . truthfully- ask,: " Canst thou uiiaister to a mind diseased ?" and is' perfectly harmless. . . - . . . . , In the Athenreum for May 8, uuder Soieneo: Gossip, Professor McCoy is montionod as one of the! fiftoon seleoted out of fifty-two oaudidates by tho; Council of tho Royal Sooiety to be recommended for ; the fellowship. , The prisoner Bray, ona . of tho Lancofield Bank: robbers, who has been conducting himsolf in a most; disorderly manner since his incarceration iu Pent- ; ridge, has just been sentenced to so von days' soli tary confinement on bread and water, for destroy-; ing his cell furniture. Sir John O'Shanassy evidently belioves that a: dissolution !b imminent, whatever he may whisper to the "doubtful" men when he button-holes them iu the lobbies. The hon. gontleman (says tho Telegraph) lias started a Parliamentary Agency (gratuitous), an his own account, at an office con nected witii Phair's Hotel, Collins-street. Assisted by tliemembor for Ararat, who is irrovorently termed in the Assembly " tho jaokali," Sir John has already allotted the seats at tho next eloetion, and lie allows twenty-five to the Ministerial party, and Bixty-ono to the O'Shanassy-ctm-Gaunson-cum-Borry combi nation. Tho elootors of Belfast and Ararat will ho amused to know that they are sot down ob boing bo delighted with thoir present representatives, that thoy will return them free of cost, if not without a oontesb. Sir Samuel Wilson has written to tho Hamilton ' Spectator denying tho truth of tho rumour circu lated to the effect that ho had bought an estate iu -England, and promising that whatever ho may do lio will not permanently leavo tho colony without first resigning bis Beat in the Council. 