THE LIBlillu, O.V'.'DIDATES. [To the Jbiti or or the Btiulujo Advertiser.) Sir,—And so we are t > have the fuss and bother of another election. Well, it is a great pity, but as my husband says it cannot be helped under tKe circumstances, 1 suppose it must be true. He likes to attend alt the ni'-e iny-, and as Messrs. Quid; aiu\ \\\'n\h \veru ati .'eitH d to ad ifess .the ejectors jn St, .James* 11 all last Wednesday night, he went more to have a bit of fun than to hear auything fresh. Of course (hearing so much about politics and the different candidates as I do) I was ambitions to know what sort of an impre-sion they had made in their opening speeches, and accord ingly waited patiently mail he came home. When he had seated himself comfortably at the fire, his first words we:e, " Heaven help us if these are the men the Sandhurst people are to send in to represent us, for if tliea; be thy rulers, O Sandhurst, then, the sooner all sensible right thinking people emigrate the better." He added, " I expected s,ime s->rt of a commou-3euse speech from Mr. Quick—a barrister at-law—but I was greatly disappointed, for he wasted nearly all hia time telling us that ho was in favor of paymontif members, but he did not n quire money, as he was happy to tell tliem that he coujd mu);e h;s liyiu. by his pen any day without drawing ujoney from the public purse. A true patriot v Mr. J. Quick, a barrister who cannot ;iet ei>o,u,'h to. do, and who can live without money, but still would like to be an M.P., so as to get i'300a year for being a Berry voting machine. Oh, no Mr. Quick, we want a better man than you ; and if the electors of Sand hurst do not let you know your place, by putting you at the bottom of the poll, and leave the Liberals? (forsooth) minus your exp.nses, they are not worthy the name of men. Just imagine a young f.-llow — boy, I might say — IJl^o John Quick having the audacity tu stand before a number of_ Sandhurst oleotors and to say that " Now is y.\e tfrno for all Young Australians to come forward and stamp out all old Bendigoniatis. I suppose he considers him self a young Australian (notwithstanding the fact that he was not born iu Australia), and, therefore that is the reason he is coming forward to put out one of the old Bendigonians, but it is only waste of time to tell my f--How-electors what to do, fov-that alono is quite enough to put him out.. What would this place be without the old Upndigonians ? The boy must have left all tjip brains he ever possessed in the Age ofl^ce, and the sooner lie is consigned to the tender mercies of boss Syme'a attic, to glean scraps for that contemptible ra0', the better. Just imagine him, too, having the audacity to stand for Parliament. Wlvit does he know about proper legislation ? I il.ire say if you asked him he would not know the difference between the Service and Berry Reform Bills, or which was the better of the two, and yet he has the impudence to ask -sensible men in a large nud important place :ike Sandhurst to vote for him. "Life is too short" he said "to enumerate and Bet forth all the blem ishes of the Service Reform Bill." "Well, all I can say is that lie does not expect to live long, and his public life will be wry brief, for next Wednesday's decision will cut it short, "never tu go again," and he will die, and eveiybody vtU forget that such a useless Australian (yi native as Mr. J. Quick tried to obtain a seat iy, I'arliament, and the only hope my husband has is that he will be sent back to the o,b!i'.ion. from which he has sprung (by the Help, of little Mirams), to d > his scribbling that he tlilks so much about, b^-ing so disgracefully beaten that he will uot have the im pertinence to com ; here again and ask the honest, uptight men of Sandhurst to give him p,u_y support. All this and more did my husband say'when he came home; iu fact, he spoke ^ui^er tiiau I could write, for he was so insist?;! with the whole meeting—speakers. Morals (':} 011 the platform, and most of j','\ with the speeches—that I could not get a, word in edgeways till he was finished. O.f course, I naturally asked if they had any chance of being elccted, and lie said "None whatever. Do you think the men of Sandhurst are fooLs ? No, a thousand times. Our three old members are going in again," only every man must turn out to vote, and uot thwk because they are safe that there is 110 need 5cr everyone to record lib vote. Of Mr. \YUiie I havu written 011 previous occasions, ay,d as my opinion of him has not altered and is uot likely to, and, as my hus band sr.ys he. is a nonentity and has not the ghost , of a show, I abide by his decision, and think that surely twice defeated will make him rather chary of trying a third time. And, now, my " wuaser " half says I must make an appeal to all the elector of this city and its surroundings A'l vote 011 Wednesday, and let no o:\o who has a vote stay away, but poll early, and send in Messrs. M'Intyre, Claris, and li.urrowest, our three worthy aud tried members. My husband and I would very much like, to see Mr. M'Intyre head tKo poll, and hope that is the position he will occupy next Wodnesday. Let people say what they like, he is the coining man 0i Sandhurst, and will yet be at the top of the tree. " What is to be done with J. Quick and U. White ?" I3 a question that's asked, but not answered quite right. On Wednesday next they'll be sent right away, While Mac, Barrowes and Clark will again gain the day. For scribblers and miners must learn and must know That Sandhurst electors want men who can show That £300 a-year is uot all they require To keep the men they select from p iverty's door. So my husband say3, "let all come to the place And Mac, IJurrowes and Clark will sure win the race,' —Yours, etc., SAKAU J ANc THOMAS Golden Square, 12th Juiv, 18S0. 