cua, CONTINENTAL LETTER. PARIS, JDI.Y 31. IFllOii OCR OWN OOBUKSPOKDENT.J The .Municipal Council,!:in presence of the extension winch the science of adulterating f.HHi lias taken, 'is about bominaiting a special cm |>* of sanitary inspectors, to protect Parisian etoraaehs. It is concluded that in the single matter of wine, over one-half of the total quantity consumed in the capital, is delivered to the retail trade falsified. Adulteration has its own chemists, just as hag detection ; the role of the former is sitnply to discover a substitute, that cau resemble an original, in appearance and taste, leaving to quasi respectable, but wealthy firms, the care to dispose of the fraudulent pro- . ducts. It is thus that we have wine, innocent of the juice of fl»e grape; cider, without apples; beer j independent of hops aud barley; jams, wberie fruits are unknown ; butter, made with 6uet; coffee, from carbonized bullock's blood, and preserved meat*, where uot a particle of the auimal they pr.ifes-i ti> be, can be discovered- A large consumption of .vine;takes place of a compound obtained from raisins ; this is not a hanggingl offence, as bigamy oiice was, provided the vendor sells it as such. The law, however, is not so indulgent for individuals who prepare currant jelly! from the pulp of sea-weed; brew small beer! from box leave;, and sell octopuses, as conked Labrador lobster.: The penalties for adulterated food are not sever"! in this country ; a hirst might be taken from Germany, where .falsification of a come-tible entails a fine of 1800 francs, and six days imprisonment ; if tlie adulteration be of a toxical nature, the sentence is sik years, and if the fraud entails death, the Belief' can be imprisoned for life. Tlie so-called " Congress of working men," has ^ured France in general, and the working Dienjin particular, of such pongresses. where not a common sense idea was exposed, not a practical conclusion forinnhted. All was paradox, violence, and vituperation. Thp working men avoided the Congress as a leprosy, and several trad^ guilds served it with a notice to quit. The Congress had the effect of making socialism more incomprehensible thau ever, and proved what Thiers asserted, it: has emigrated from France. The Congress was to Ipromote unity and jconcord ; but one has never seen outside Bedlam, so much d'sii'iioii and discord. It was not plearly established that the Relegates were working men, still less French subjects ; hence sagacious artizans remembered the old Picardian watch word Garde a uous. Some cloudy Utopias were detailed, which resembled very much Voltaire's description of metaphysics—one maul speaking about a subject he does not under-; 6tana, to another who does not comprehend. Onej view was favoured, that iof relying on incendiarism and muskets, rather thau legal, agitation and free ballot box. A. weakness for, rifles can lead to reprisals,! and arson to trans-! porlation for life in New Caledonia—with! amnesty after a nine years residence there. In the kniddle ages, the scholastics; published im-; dieiise quarto volumes to expound the subject of theirf quarrels, or tweedieUum and tweedledee / differences ; to-day. the socialists bring out newspapers by the score, in order to quarrel, but without explaining why. In fact the socialists have 110 solution for socialism ; . they speak incessantly, work like alchemists after the philosopher's 6tone, but take good care never to exhibit the most tiny morsel. \V:hen the augurs «f idomc laughed over the entrails of a bird, the Sacred rite of divination was at an end. j These observations apply to M. llochefort, and the ultras who drive him, before demolishing ^is iilolship by and by. j Strangers would do well| to imitate the French, by viewing with indifference or good humour, the pranks of such eccentrics who well know; the first attempts to put |n practice their doctrines of spoliation and assassination, would result in their merciless stamping out by the Republic. Two of the leading ultras have been this week lodued in a lunatic asylum ; ab una diice omnes The wild men can make no way in public opinion, and national newspapers keep calling on Rochefort and Co. to define their programme. The latter has been stated : the abolition j of permanent armies, the revision of ithe Senate, military service for three years, and the separating of church from state. We hardly required ghosts from New Caledonia to propound prohlems agitated since years, but thatj the Rip Van Winkles may be excused for ignoring. Time and fresh partial elections, will remove or neutralize obstructive senators; whose mode of election is vicious. It is a |monstrous inequality for example, which allows an insignificant department to elect the same; number of Senators, two, as Paris. There is no constitutional means to icvise the Upper Cliamberj unless it be itself a consenting party,'and senates do not commit suicide. As for the connection between cli'i-cli and state, this question ifi not yet fully ripe, and besides, there is (the concordat binding alike on the Vatican and the French nations However, if the clergy persist in systematically attacking the Republic which pays them, the erauts to the church uiigiit not be voted by the) budget commission, involving thus the rupture ofj the concordat. The {Republicans may be entertaining angels unawares, but it will not pay an enemy for firing uponjthem. On the 29th August the last division—those engaged in public sclioolsj—of the Jesuits shall be dispersed; some autheptic papers have bee>i discovered aud published!, exposing an organised I emente for that day, byi the partizans of tli£ dispersed. "Try it" as the Minister of War I .tely replied to Paul de |Cassagnac, who threatl ened an uprising. Not only is the army thoroughly republican, but the generals in coinjmaud also. Any disturbance of the peace, whether from clericals, loyalists, or communists, would be at once crushed. Citizens may then t-leep in peace—all the foes of the constitution, isolated or united, are impotent; they have onljy c: its and threats, but if tliey proceed farther, to i tiiiulge in music as | Mazarin said, of tlie > foudeurs, they must be prepared to pay for their dancing. j f j Beyond the natural! sympathy for private sorrow no marks of regret are extended to tlie pilgrimage of the Empress Eugenie, who will go down to impartial history, as the instigator of the criminal war against Germany, te promote the selfish interests of tier son', who fell a victim to his own imprudence and inexperience. But opinion not the less reprobates reducing the odys^ey of that noble lady to ridicule, as tlie Figaro does, by stating she "remained nine days and nine nights at th|e memorial cross erected where her son f^ll, without tasting food, absorbed in prayer.": One thinks of Dr Tanned. It appears also the sun cquld not be more torrid, though the voyage was regulated for the cold season. As for the Prince, "he fought like a lion, after running after his horse and losipg his sabre." The Reformed or Protestant Church of France, has also its trials and tribu lations, but whiieh come from within. It rpprese its perhaps a pop'uis divided into latiou of two millions, an colonists or orthodoxes, and Unitarians Liberals. In 1872. the |Synod under the pressure of old Guizot, carried, by rath er a surprise vojte, that iiu one could belong to the Orthodox Church who did not believe in a confession of faith, whose articles recogr ised the 'truths of revealed religion, the divinity of Jesus Cbr st, and the inspirations of the did and New Testaments. The minority—45 upon 106, declared they repudiated alj creeds-Las being: test acts, and while believingh tjhe Scrjptnres, &c.;,claimed the right, as Protestants, to exercise an intrammelled interpretation. A! Ministerial circvlar ratified the discussion of the |Synod, tlius giving it the force of 1 aw,-and depriving all Protestants who refused to sign the articles of of confession, or avow an acceptance of them, of the right to vote for the election <>f pastior or elders, and all matters affecting prestiyterial local irovernmcnt. The minority appealed, that a Ministerial decision could not overrule in organic law, md have, after five years, woii before the Privy Council; thus the Orthodox pnd Liberals are now as they were in 1872-f-in a state of open warfare ; separation is next to] impossible, for the S:ate will not endow two Prjotestantisms. and the r ffht to local meeting-houses, manses, and the election of clergy, belongs to die party havingfthe 1 •local majority. Fuget, age.l 19, wassedticed by his paternal aunt, aged 31, and,go()d looking ; he avowed his criuie to his father, *ho sent him to adisiant part of France; but on h s return,: his guilty passion was unextinguished [ the culpable a jut. 8 laundress, refused i rene ral of his advan he waylaid her, plun ted a cane- sword into breast, which she !courageo isly extracted. was cured, and on tlij: .trial begged to be £onsidered as the sole culpable The nephew condemned conaemnea to six motiiths' mootns' l imprisonment, and he assured the jury jhe tvould do hi 1 ; best to d prison. The fashionable criminal is Menesclou, i aged 19. aud sou of a clerk in the VI ir-office (He seems to be naturally (iepraved; In was sent to.seajas parents can do when sons are in- |corrigilj>|ie. as ttiey can also incarcerate I hern, or jdaughteis, in a reformatory; l|e was (ismisBed lafter undergoing 117 punishments- fori him [pleasurable excitements. Returning t< Paris he leclined to work, frequented i ram shops, but Inever drinking; associating with thieyes, but Inever r, lieving; his weakness' wi,s for unnatural :rimes.| jarcnts In the house where he residepjwith his dwelt a family having five children; >ne of hese, Louise, he enticed last A'pril [to his lianiber, to receive a sprig of lilac; lit [violated, nd then killed her. Placing the bodjj?| between mattresses, he slept on | it during the ight, land next day after his parents bad eft for their employment lie hejated the ttove ilred hot, cut ' up the j body j into 40 'norsels :1s and commenced burning tliem. them. The -lue idour - and the hissing noise attracted th^ {attention >f the e '[neighbours, and the mother, suspecting rometliing wrong, called in; a privateliiispector. 'irhe do >r was burst open—the murderer found ^earcbejd, at full,! foul the work. little At bauds the"- station of his vie horise, tint: when were Jound i his pocket, lit was believed flir a time he was triad—indeed, sane people happipy do'not so act hut as he took in liisj cell to writing poetry; the alienists held he was respoi sible now, iiiakspjare says, the lunatic and the pjet, jare of ilmagiuk tion all compact, lie will like y be conjially as demnel the guillotine, espe he re nested the judge trea him as be did his victim, and so end the tlrial.; The thermometer registers 102 ° in the s! lade; this may account for the rather increasing, crop of guilders, but, strange to say, few: uiicides or Sunstrokes. The sun may be the soi rice of life, but it ii not less so the cause of deaths, ij When M. Gambetta held his firstj brief be appeared before the Bench with h^ard and jnousfiiche. The Judges reminded him that was hot etiiquctte. He bowed, requested | the suspension of his case for quarter of an ifour; when lie returned closely shaven, save the jorthodox muttoa 1 chop whiskers. The beard bas always 'been associated with tlie manners and customs of peoplefS; the gods are represented with beards as expressive as those of patriarchs. After the battle jof Tolhiac, in 496, Clons begged the conquered! chief to come and touch his beard as token of peacje ; however, Alaric seized the ambassadors [by the beards, and commanded theinito depart. ,'Cloris' then swore by their beards hp'would be jrevenged—hence the origin of that form of oath, From ijtime to time the beard has been worn isquare] round, long, short, pointed, aba tressed. !Popes:J welcomed and opposed the beard, and jthe Fathers—Saints Ambroise, Cyprian, Jerome, ;&c.;, wrote for and against it. Quepn Elenore |was divorced from Louis VII., because having ^shaveU his beard, he looked so hideops that she [declined to cohabit with him. The Renaissance j restored the majesty of tbe beard, as it; did other jglories|, thanks to the artists, but Louis KIV. did inot cultivate it; his weakness was for bag-wigs to cover ,jhis wen.: Under the First Republic the citizens shaved &s; clean as billiard balls, seeking :in the ilolds of cravats a substitute for the beard ; iuuderijttie Third Republic fashion concedes the ilihertyjto be bearded like the pard, or:as clos°sliaven as a monk. |j i The| decorated combatants of the Revolution iof July, 1830, have held their annual re union— the day we celebrate—were present such youngsters, ihtid staid!niortals and immortal^-!-foT there are Academicians, as Dictionary Littr^J aged 76; ">l|igtiet, 80 ; the historian, B. St: Ililaire ; aud Blanqui, who has never relinqiisbed his love for a three days' free fight on at occasions, Tliel 5th, 6th, and 7th volumes of Thiers' speeches lije: have appeared; they tou :h on the events] from 1845 to 1854, and ha\ e a ; to-day actuality on polemical questions. Processor Ilenzey, in his course of lectures on historical art, asserts no actor drapec himself so ; classically as M^lingue. At Rome a consul presided at the games, and gave tli ; signal to commence a race by dropping a handkerchief— " a stalter before the era of Jesus Clprist." Addressed to a man coming out of . bath—j" My watch has been stolen !' me if you like, sir." Artfst : " I have just finished the iny m one of other-in-law, and people say the agreeable arts." swimming , " Search I , portrait of painting is THE INTERPRETATION OP CLEAR : DAYS.— From our contemporary we learn that'at the recent l itting of the District; Court at) that place, his Honour Judge Forbes gave a decision of some importance regarding the meaning of jthe words " clear days " in the Di strict Court Afct. Where the Act directs that something shalll be done a certain number of "clear days" bepore the sit ting >f the court, it has [hitherto been a moat point whether the expression (1) included the first ind last days—i.e., the days qu which the some hing was directed to be done and the day (f the sitting,—or (2) whethe; it included theojie'and excluded the other,— or(}) whether it excluded both. At the sittings of the District Couijt at Tumut in May last, his H< a our, in the case Jof M'Kav v. Windrum, held that the expression " clear da3's " included tbe one and excluded the other. On Tuesday last he said that, on his return to Sydney, he found le had made a mistake in that ruling, as the e? pression was held to exclude both the first and lust day. For example—Supposing the court is appointed to sit oil the lltb day of the month, and there is a something (say, the filing of defencb) to be done five clear days before the sitting—the 5th of the month is the last day, under bis Honour's ruling, on which that something can.' be done. It would be well for suitors to bear this decision in mind. THE ACSTBALIAN ELEVEN.—Respecting the election of Murdoch as Captain of the Australian team of cricketers, Mr Georg: Alexander, manager to tbe Eleven, writes as iollows to tbe Melbourne Daily Telegraph :—" Sir,;—Having seen a paragraph in one of the Australian papers to the effect that Messrs Palmer Slight, and M'Donnell are credited with the deposition of Mr H. F. Boyle from the captaincy of the Australian Eleven, I wish throughjyoujr valuable paper, to contradict what is decidedly an erroneous idea, aud to say that the change of leadership was by the unanimous d ec i s ?on of the team. This the Eleven are desirous should be distinctly understood, >n order ihat any false impressions on the minds of tbe lAustralian public concerning this matter mayjbe c orrected. IN writing of snch a demonstration as that of last night (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph, re ferring to the Sydney banquet to Siri H. Robinson) it is not pleasant to refer to anpthing of a disagreeable nature, Jiut it would I>e avoiding a manifest responsibility to pass ovep th'e absence of his Excellency Lord Augustus; Lojftus. We do not know, nor do we care to (ascertain particularly, the why or the wherefore ofj his Lordship's absence. Possibly he was[ nof invited ; but if the gentlemen who initiated the banquet refrained from sending him an invitation, it must have been in consequence of a conviction that it would not be accepted. Lord Lpftus has held himself so much aloof frjm the re-unions of the citizens of Sydney since he caime among, or rather above, them, that probably; the promoters of the banquet to Sir Hercule^ Robinson were afraid to invite him, beinij; apprehensive that they and. their guest migiit all alike be snubbed. One would imagine, jihowever, that his Excellency would not even stalnd on the ceremony of waiting for an invitation to! be present on such an occasion, but would have signified his desire to attend and do what honour iiis presence mid involve to one of Her Majesty's repre ntatives.! It appears, however, tllat he not ly stood upon ceremony, but si pod on his digthajt he placed nity, aud took such a high 8tantj himself somewhat above the ci mprehension of less high!y-minded mortals. Tli t tojist of " The Governor" was on the progran nine last night, and is a matter of conrse, we pr ssunjie, the comit; put we ven- p my stood up and did.honour to ti re to think that the: honour « als dbne to Her N ajesty's Representative by he rjloyal subjects, and not by the gentlemen preser tjasja tribute of p irsonal respect to tbe noble l eplu'se who will it deign to be present on the most important iblic occasions, to respond when some hundreds the leading citizens do him the honour to d|~ink his health. THROAT AFFECTIONS and HOARSENESS All suffering from irritation of the thro 11 aud hoarseness ill be agreeably surprised at the almost im mediate relief afforded by the i sb of " Brown's Bronchi 1 : Troches." These fan o\is; " lozenges " a re nowa sold by moot! respectabl : {chemists in this untry at Is l^d per box. Peopli e troubled with a hackiug ; cough," a " slight e nd'" f or bronchial afectione, cannot try; them too soon, as similar oubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affecii is. ! See that tha v^ords " Brown's Bronchial Tro hesj" are on the G overnment Stamp around eacli box. Manuf ictured by JOHN 1.' BROWN FCL SONS, Boston, United States. Dep6t, 493 OxfoilUtreet, London. 