DIOCESAN SYNOD. THURSDAY, JULY 15. The Synod met at 7 p.m. Free and Opxx Churches. The Rev. H. Laurence, in accordance with notice, moved the following resolution : "That " this Synod approves of the system known as free " and open churches, and desires to record its "hope that that system may be adopted in the " several parishes of the diocese, as far as practic- able." The rev. gentleman entered at considerable length into the arguments in favor- of the voluntary system, and combated the objections usually put forward in opposition to its adoption. The Rev. B. M. King, in seconding the motion, referred to the satisfactory working of the system in the parish under his own charge (the Greenough.) Mr. R. C. Loi-tir did not suppose that the Synod disapproved of the principle of free and open churches, but he failed to see what good object was to be attained by the adoption of a mere abstract resolution of this kind. He thought, if it resulted in the introduction of the system throughout the several parishes of the colony, a considerable amount of hardship would be incurred in many cases. The system might work very well in some places, but, in others, and especially in Perth, he thought it would operate very detrimentally, so far as regarded the financial interests of the church. Moreover, there was a synodical statute in force, which in a great measure provided against the evils referred to by the mover of the resolution as arising from the existing system. He alluded to the statute under which the churchwardens were bound to reserve one sixth of the pew accommodation as free seats. The Bishop said the question was one of considerable importance, and he would briefly state his views with reference to it. With a great deal that had fallen from the mover of the resolution he thoroughly agreed, and he thought the main principle involved namely, that of having the seats in their churches free, or in other words unpaid for was one that all of them would, upon thorough reflection, endorse. He himself felt a strong objection to pew rents, and he failed to see upon what ground the compulsory payment of money for accommodation in a place of public worship could be defended. In practice it had led to particular classes of the community having possession of the church-not necessarily to the total exclusion of their poorer brethren ; but practically the system had so worked that the wealthier classes monopolised the best places in the church at the expense of the poor. He therefore thought that, in principle, the system of payment for seats was decidedly objectionable, and he should gladly look forward to the time when they should be able to abolish it, in practice. At the same time, he did not advocate nor did he think it was intended to advocate any hasty action in the matter. He felt there would be a difficulty in changing the system, though he believed that, as regards the financial objections, they would be found in practice to disappear here, as they had elsewhere, where the free system had been adopted. His Lordship referred to an instance within his own knowledge which occurred in a large manufacturing town at home, where the revenue of the church had increased ten-fold under the offertory system-the regular establishment of which His Lordship believed would in a great measure do away also geth$fc,with the necessity for continuing the pre-. «etnVCsysteni of payment for seats. As he had already said, he felt that the principle of recognis- ing any distinction of classes in the house of God was an objectionable, a very decidedly objection skin, one, and he would be glad to see it gradually abolished. He did not think, however, it would be wise to introduce the free seat system abruptly, or precipitancy. As to the system of appropria- ting seats, for families and regular attendants at church he thought there was a good deal more to be said in favor of that system than that of free seats ; but the subject was one upon which a great deal might be said, and he would not at present enter upon it. - With respect, however, to the principle involved in the resolution now before the Synod, he would be glad to see the principle in ruled, but he certainly deprecated any hasty action in the matter. The Very Rev. the Dean said there were many reasons why he also would be prepared to support the abstract principle, but he thought there were peculiar circumstances operating in this as well as in the other Australian colonies which rendered the practical application of the principle inexpedient and undesirable. Even under the existing system, which to a certain extent secured for the clergy a reliable source of income, great difficulty was experienced in inducing clergymen to come to these colonies from home, and, if the present system were abolished, the difficulty of obtaining successors to the present incumbents would be increased. The experience of the neighboring colony, Victoria, where the payment system and the offer- tory system had been tried, was entirely opposed to the free new system and he believed the same remark applied to the experience of the Episcopal Church in America. The Rev. J. Allen said he understood the Dean to say that the free seat system had not been a success in America. His (Mr. Allen's) own experience of that country-an experience extending over eleven years enabled him to contradict that statement. He heartily endorsed the sentiments of the mover of the resolution which he hoped would be adopted, so that public opinion might be gradually ' educated to the idea of free and open churches, as the churches of the future. As to the difficulty of procuring clergymen from England for the colony, what was the use of getting them out here to preach to empty churches Ï Our pews at present were being gradually emptied by reason of the objectionable system of pew rents and pew appropriation now existing, and under which the poorer classes of the community were pushed into back seats, or placed under the gallery, the result of which treatment was that they were driven away to other places of worship. Mr. LoFi'iE The consequence is, we are now engaged in building a new and more commodious Cathedral. Rev. Mr. Allen : And if the new system in the new Cathedral is to be conducted on the same principle as it is in the old one, the result will be an empty church, and we shall have to preach to bare walls. Mr. E. K. COURTHOPE referred to the successful working of the free seat system at home, and in- stanced a church at Walworth, where, prior to the introduction of that system, the pew rents amounted to about £150 a year, whereas in the very next year after the adoption of the offertory system the revenue derived from that source amounted to £500, which annually increased on iii it averaged from £800 to £100. He defied anyone possessed of a right feeling not to feel ashamed of the manner in which the poorer class of chu -ch-goers were treated under the might say) the iniquitous system obtaining here of letting out God's house at so much a foot. He thought they ought to abolish the payment system for three reasons in the first place, it was decidedly unscriptural in the second place, it kept the lower classes away from church and in the third place, the system was a financial blunder. Mr. S. E. Burges opposed the resolution as one unsuited to the peculiar circumstances of this colony. Its adoption, he thought, would be a very rash step, and a fatal one to the interests of the church. The reason why the people of Perth did not attend church in greater number than they did was simply because there was no room for them, and he thought it was a disgrace to a city like ours, the capital of the colony, that they had not a second church building in it. The finances of the Anglican church in this colony were very shaky, and it would be very impolitic to adopt any system of collection that would render them still more so. The Ven. Archdeacon Brown did not know how far the rules of the Synod admitted of a question of this nature being brought forward for discussion, but he did think it would be inexpedient at any rate that the subject should be pushed beyond the mere point of eliciting an expression of opinion with regard to it. He could not help thinking that it would be advisable to refrain from affirming the resolution before the House, and that the mover should, after eliciting the views of the members of the Synod with reference to it, withdraw it. No doubt it was a very proper resolution for a Church Congress to deal with, but the Synod was not a CongresS it was something more than a de- liberative assembly-it was a governing body and the adoption by it of a resolution like this would be regarded as something more binding than a mere expression of opinion. He heartily concurred with the mover with reference to the principle of free churches, but he did not go with him as regards the principle of the non-appropriation of seats. The subject was one of considerable difficulty, and required very grave deliberation, and he thought it would be unwise to deal with the matter hastily. For this reason he hoped the resolution would not be pressed, for its affirmation involved a very hazardous step, in the present critical state of the finances of the church in this colony. Mr., Maitland Brown concurred. He knew of no movement ' more calculated to excite ill-feeling and dissension among churchmen than the proposed scheme. Hon. A. O'Grady Lefroy said, while, theoretically no one could oppose the principle of free seats in a place of worship, or uphold a system that give any class of the community a sort of pre-emp- tive right to a seat by reason of a money payment ; still, there were undoubtedly many difficulties in the way of the practical adoption of the principle recommended for their affirmation in the resolution. The Rev. H. Laurence said the resolution merely asked the Synod to approve an abstract principle, and its adoption only where practicable. All who had spoken on the subject approved of the principle; why, then, should they not have the courage of their opinion, and put it in practice. He had no wish, however, that the subject should be dealt with hastily, or without due considera- tion though, personally, he would be very glad indeed to see the system of free and open churches introduced wherever practicable throughout the diocese. The theoretical objections urged against the system had not been justified by experience, where it had been adopted, either in this colony or elsewhere. If, however, it was the wish of the Synod that the resolution should be withdrawn, he would not oppose it. The question that leave be given to withdraw the motion was then put and carried, upon a division, the numbers being. Ayes, 20 ; Noes, 10. Native Mission at the Murchison. On the motion of the Rev. H. Laurence, the Synod went into committee to consider the report of the committee on missions. Mr. Loftie, the lay secretary, read the report of the committee, which, among other matters, recommended the establishment of a mission station on a reserve recently set apart for that purpose on the. Upper Murchison. The Rev. H. Laurence said he believed it was the opinion of all the settlers resident in, or acquainted with the neighborhood where it was proposed to establish the station-and he believed it was an incontrovertible fact that, owing to the migratory habits of the natives in that locality, it would be impossible to keep together, in any one place, any large number of them, except under some entirely different circumstances to those we were at present acquainted with. He understood that the Gascoyne would be a more favorable locality for the establishment of a station, although even there the migratory habits of the natives would, he was afraid, prove an almost unsunnount able obstacle to the accomplishment of an object which every thinking colonist must earnestly desire to see carried out to a successful issue. The Ven. Archdeacon Brown said no doubt the Gascoyne district presented some singular advantages over the Murchison, as the site for a station, the chief of which was the greater facility afforded for communication and transport by water carriage to the Gascoyne than by land to the Murchison. But, on the other hand, there were drawbacks which rendered the former locality less desirable as a site for a mission station than the Murchison among others being the extremely dry character of the country at a particular season of the year, a drawback which would undoubtedly operate very detrimentally with regard to the working of the station. There were moral objections also to the selection of the Gascoyne as the site for such a station as the committee had in contemplation. This was the first time he had heard of the natives at the Murchison being so singularly migratory in their habits. His Lordship the Bishop said there were several points to be considered in connection with the establishment of such a station as they had in view, and those points had, from time to time, occupied the attention of the committee, whose report was now under consideration. There was, for instance, the question of the number of the natives le t Id in the neighborhood ; the desirability of securing a central position, so as to afford an opportunity of extending their operations to the natives of the surrounding country ; the question of water supply, and of the possibility of obtaining building materials in the neighborhood ; the adaptability of the soil and of the seasons for pastoral pursuits, which, it was proposed, should chiefly occupy the attention of the mission. Then, again, there was the question of the desirability of the station being, if not exactly within a settled district, at all events in the neighborhood of a settlement. In all these points, so far as he had been able to ascertain, the site selected on the Murchison river was a very satisfactory one. In the first place, as to the number of the natives, the first information he had received from the Rev.-Mr.-Nicolay, who visited the district for the purpose, was that the natives were very numerous in that neighborhood and he had since had an opportunity of asking the Surveyor General for his opinion, and he also thought that the point selected was a very well chosen one in that respect that there were a large number of natives in the Murchison Valley itself, and that within a distance of about fifty miles there was a cave where the natives from, all that part of the country came for their wilgie.'? 1 be estimated population in the Murchison; y alley itself was placed at about 200, and there would also be the natives in the vicinity of the water heads of the Gascoyne, not far to the North, and of the other rivers flowing into the Western coast. Mr. Nicolay said he saw a large number of aboriginal children in this neighborhood in proportion to the adults a much larger number than he had see in any other part of the colony The information which he (the Bishop) had received from another source, Mr. Purkis, a settler in the district, was likewise to the effect that there were a great number of natives in the locality, and that they were already being availed of by the settlers on their stations. As to the other desideratum-a supply of water, the spot selected was in the vicinity of certain springs, where Mr. Nicolay was also informed the natives were in the habit of congregating. It was also stated that the entire course of the M ui ellison afforded very healthy locations for a station, being high table land, favored with the summer rains, and in this respect a very desirable locality. At the Gascoyne river, from all he could learn, it was true the natives were more numerous than even on the Murchison ; but they appeared to be in a very degraded state. Though the pearl fishery was not exactly at the mouth of the river, he was informed that pearlers went there to get their natives, and Mr. von Bibra. and others informed him that the influence already exercised by the crews of the pearling vessels was of the most degrading character. From a missionary point of view, it did not seem advisable to go where we should be exposed to such counteracting influences. It was considered that the expense of first starting at the Gascoyne would be a great deal in its favour ; but he (the Bishop) thought they should not set the mere question of expense against what was the chief object they had in view the missionary character of the work, and the best locality suited for that purpose. With regard to the supply of water at the Gascoyne, he was informed that it was very difficult to find a permanent supply of water in that locality. It was spoken of as almost a rainless district and it had been found, by experience, that whereas no rain had fallen there for months, the Murchison was found flowing a mile broad. Again, the Gascoyne country was farther North, and therefore necessarily hotter. The coast, he was informed, was fined a good deal with mangrove bushes, indicating the existence of swampy soil and, consequently, necessarily more unhealthy than a locality free from such indications. So far as he had been able to ascertain, it appeared that in all these respects, both as to the number of natives and the supply of water, as also the adaptability and salubrity of the climate and the question of central position, the reserve set apart at the Murchison was as suitable a spot as they could fix upon for the object in view. The question remained, as to the wisest and the best course of action to be adopted and pursued in dealing with the natives. No doubt the work of amelioration would be found a very difficult one, and one in the carrying out of which they must be prepared to meet with many obstacles. He believed the experience of all who had attempted anything in this direction had led to the conclusion that the wisest course to adopt was to endeavour to combine what he might call civilising influences with the attempt to teach these natives something in the way of a knowledge of the Gospel. That was the principle in operation at the mission stations established in Victoria and at Poonindie in South Australia, as well as at the Roman Catholic mission at New Norcia in our own colony. He was free to confess that he did not, himself, anticipate any great results from their missionary efforts so far as regarded the adult natives, and their great hope must be to get hold of the children, and gradually train them in the habits of civilisation. Still he thought the beneficial influence of a well-organised station would be felt even upon the adult natives, who might possibly by example and precept be gradually led into better habits of life. He said gradually because he thought it would he a mistake to attempt to change their habits too suddenly. It had been said that there were three different stages through which all nations advancing towaraVuiv lisation must pass. First of all was the primitive stage, in which the people maintained themselves, like our own natives do by hunting for their means of subsistence. The second stage was the pastoral; and the third and highest-and that which nations only took to when driven to it-the agricultural. In dealing with the natives at the proposed station, his idea was that the work upon which they should be employed should be of a pastoral rather than of an agricultural character-that, in fact, they should be confined to pastoral pursuits, beyond such purely agricultural work as would be necessary to provide their own simple wants, in the way of gardening. And from all he could learn, the Murchison country was admirably adapted for that sort of work. He might state that since their last meeting he had received replies from the two societies in England to which he had applied for assistance to carry out this scheme. The Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge had entered very heartily into the plan, and had promised to give a grant, of £500 towards the establishment of the mission, in the erection of the necessary station buildings. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had also expressed its approval of the scheme, but were waiting for further and more precise information as to the course which it was intended to adopt ; but he was quite sure they would be prepared to assist us. He also had funds on hand from other sources amounting to about £400, making about a thousand pounds, in all and he had heard from more than one person, practical laymen, accustomed to station work, who would join in the scheme. One of these persons was described to him as a man possessing, by experience, a thorough acquaintance with the management of a station, and who not only had expressed great interest in the experiment, but also volunteered his services for a year or two to help them to start the station. From all he had heard of this person, he thought they could not have a better foreman at the proposed station and as it appeared to him (the Bishop) that a great deal of the success of the scheme must, under Providence, hinge upon the fitness, earnestness, and tact of the person entrusted with the active management of the station, he thought that this offer of service was a matter for congratulation. He had also had an offer from the person now employed as catechist at Rottnest to join the mission, and no doubt his services would be very valuable. Bishop Hale, with whom he had been in communication on the subject, had suggested that we should apply to the Poonindie mission (South Australia), where we might obtain the services of two or three trained natives, thoroughly experienced in station work, who would be glad to join us, and who would undoubtedly, prove of great assistance. Taking all things into consideration, he thought the time had come when we might safely take some real action in this matter. He was even disposed to think that even this very year a beginning might be made by getting those persons who had volunteered their services to proceed to the locality where it was proposed to establish the station ; or, at any rate, that steps should be taken without delay to occupy the location, so that, by the time they found a clergy- man to undertake the supreme charge of the station, there would be at all events a mission in readiness for him. He supposed it would be hardly possible to find out what system of management would be best to pursue, until they had commenced active operations ; but his own idea was that they should have at the head of such a mission as they had in contemplation a clergyman who might possibly be obtained from one of the other colonies acquainted with bush life and experienced in dealing with natives; that, under him, they should have a good foreman, thoroughly experienced in the management of station work, and one or two others as assistants, or shepherds, employed under him. He rather felt that the mission would gain very much by having women attached to it, so as not to depend entirely upon the exertions and the influences of the sterner sex alone. He should like, at any rate, that the subordinates employed, after the necessary buildings were erected, should be married people. He believed that the example and the influence of Christian female life would be very valuable to place before these natives. in this respect, he would have the proposed mission distinguished from the New Norcia mission. It would undoubtedly also be a great acquisition if it were possible to find a superintending clergy, man capable of combining in himself the functions of a medical officer, as well as superintendent, for such a man would not only be very desirable at the head of the mission, but would also prove very valuable to the settlers of the district. This, briefly, was the missionary scheme which they had in r contemplation, and with respect to which he and the committee who were co-operating with him would be glad to receive any suggestions calculated to carry out the scheme into fruition, and to establish the proposed mission on a sound and practical basis. Mr. T. Buegeb considered that the locality where it was proposed to establish the mission was a very suitable place indeed for such an institution. There was in the neighbourhood a large area of country adapted for pastoral purposes, and the locality itself was centrally and favorably sits ' ated, being within the reach of the natives of the Upper Greenough and of the Murchison on the one hand, and of the Gascoyne on the other. At their last meeting, he was in favor of the proposed mission being established on the Gascoyne, which is in some respects undoubtedly possessed advantages over the Murchison district, as regards the facilities for transport to and fro by means of water carriage ; but, on further consideration, he did not think it would, on the whole, answer so well as the spot selected on the Murchison. He thought the natives there were quite as numerous as at the Gascoyne, and, from what he had seen of them, they were a very useful and intelligent tribe. It was the cut of maintaining the mission which he feared for unquestionably, it would be very expensive to keep up such an establishment, for some time to come, regard being had to the heavy cost of transport from Champion Bay thence. In all other respects the proposed locality was very suitable indeed, and favorable to the success of the . scheme. On one point with regard to the Gascoyne country, His Lordship appeared to have been mis- informed, namely that it was a comparatively waterless district. The Gascoyne itself was a large river, with permanent pools along its course, and was the rendezvous for all the natives in that part of the country. All things considered, however, I he thought the mission would have a better chance of success if established on the Murchison. The report of the committee was then adopted. a > , . - FRIDAY, JULY 16. The Synod met at 3 o'clock p.m. vi, Marriage with Deceased Wife's Sister. ? -1 Mrs. A. Stone, in accordance with notice given at the morning sitting of the Synod held that day, moved the following resolution: "In view of the mere fact that marriage with a deceased wife's sister of has been rendered lawful in this colony by an <> " Act of Council, it is undesirable that the clergy I". should refuse to marry such persons." Mr. Stone said I be regretted that, in bringing forward so important a resolution as this, he had been unable to give longer notice of his intention to submit it for the consideration of the Synod, but the fact of the matter was, the subject had only been brought under his notice that morning, from a letter which had appeared in the West Australian, in which the writer alleged that the Anglican Church refused to acknowledge the change in the law respecting marriages with a deceased wife's sister, and that the clergy of that church refused to celebrate such marriages. From what he had heard, since reading that letter, he believed there was some truth in the allegations made by the writer. He had not been aware previously that there existed any differ- . "once of opinion on the subject, as to whether the 't clergy should or should not marry such persons, 1 after the law had set such questions at rest ; but, 'finding that a difference of opinion did exist, even among the clergy themselves, he thought the matter of such importance that it ought to be taken into consideration without delay. And as the ' session of the Synod was approaching termination, he had brought the subject forward without giving that notice which he would otherwise have done, and which its importance deserved. The Legislature having legalized these marriages, he thought it was very desirable that they (church people) should endeavour, whatever their views might be with regard to the principle established by the Act -and he might here state that, so far as he was concerned, the principle was one with which he is entirely disagreed ; but, however they might dis- agree with the principle involved, he thought that \- such marriages having received the sanction of the law, it was their duty, as loyal and obedient colo . nists, to accept the law as they found it, and endeavour to abide by its provisions. He was \- aware that the Act did not render it obligatory . upon a clergyman to marry these persons ; it simply > rendered such marriages lawful. The Act previously in force on the subject (5th and 6th William , IV., cap. 54), simply provided that such marriages, ., if contracted should be void-it did not prevent them from being solemnised, and many such unions had taken place, in the face of the statute which rendered them null and void. When the new Act was introduced, it was, therefore, merely necessary 4 to legalize what had previously been unlawful, and " that was all that the existing Act did. As, however, these marriages were now lawful, he thought no objection should be raised, on the part of the clergy, to their solemnisation. There might be a a difference of opinion as to the principle involved, that they were bound to sink such differences of " opinion, when the principle became established by the law of the land. There were many enactments affecting the religious scruples of people, and with regard to which there existed much difference of opinion, but when they became law, they were bound to abide by them, and it was the duty of the ' clergy to set the example of obedience to the law. Of this he was satisfied- if the English Parliament ' legalised these marriages, as they were legalized .? here, the Church at home would, no doubt, abide by the provisions of the Act. Mr. Maitland Brown seconded the resolution, without comment. The Rev. C. G. Nicolay said there was one observation which had fallen from the proposer of the resolution to which he ventured to take a most decided objection. He alluded to the statement \- that if these marriages were legalized in England, as they are here, the Church there would certainly submit to that law. No doubt it would. But with \- that, he apprehended, they had nothing whatever to do. The Church here stood in a totally different position as regards the State to what the Church \- did in England. Ours was a disestablished church, and we had nothing whatever to do with the ones \- tion of what is legal, or what is not legal-that was to say, so far as opinions went. It rested with us - as a body to say whether we would, or would not, follow this law, or that law, with regard to our own services, our own offices. We were as under i pendent of the State as the Wesleyans, or any other body they chose to name. It therefore rested entirely with us to say whether we would, or would not, celebrate these marriages. He did not say whether it was right that they should do so, or not but he begged to express his dissent from the views expressed by the mover of the resolution that, because the church in England was likely to adopt ' this or that course in its relation to the law of the land, the church here was therefore bound to do the same. The Ven. Archdeacon Brown would be very sorry to admit and he said a with regret-that he concurred with the observations that had just fallen from Mr. Nicolay, or what had previously fallen from Mr. Stone. He did think they were all very ; anxious to follow, as far as possible, the load of the Church in England. [Rev. Mr. Nicolay : Hear, hear.] Nor could they forget that the church here was only partially disestablished, and subject to the continuance in office of those clergymen who were appointed prior to its disestablishment. He most heartily concurred in what Mr. Stone said as to its being the duty of the ministers of the Church of England to set the example to their people, in " all things possible, of a loyal conformity with the law of the land. And he was very sure it had been the practice of the clergy of that church, as a rule, to do so. There were times, no doubt, when there were very serious and unhappy exceptions to that a rule, and such was the case in the present day ; but if they diverted their attention from these exceptional instances, and traversed the whole history of their church, it would be found, that if anything more than another had characterised it, it was its spirit of loyal obedience to the law of the land. The course which had been adopted in the mother country with regard to the marriage of divorced persons seemed to show that the law in England did certainly not assume such a time. with regard to the religious convictions of of " ministers of the State church as might be sit] | n- ' from the tenour of Mr. Stone's remarks. The law of England, as they all knew, had rendered the marriage of divorced persons lawful, but in many cases it would be directly contrary to the conscientious feelings of clergymen to marry such persons, and all the law required was that the church should be open for the celebration of such marriages ; it did not force individual clergymen to celebrate them, contrary to their conscientious convictions. And he could not help thinking that the Legislature here, when > framing the Act legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister, contemplated the right on the part of the clergy to act in the matter in accordance with their convictions, for, as Mr. Stone himself had pointed out, the Act did not render it obligatory . upon any clergyman to celebrate such marriages, but merely rendered them lawful. The Rev. H. Laurence having traced the history of the marriage law from its introduction, under the Mosaic dispensation, to the present day, pointed out that the adoption by the Synod of any such resolution as that submitted for its affirmation, would be fruitless. It was not within their province to make such an important alteration in the ~ canon law as was here contemplated, and the very smallest colonial body at all competent, or likely, to take the subject under its consideration, was the General Synod, which was to meet the year after next. Referring to the argument put forward by the mover of the resolution that, the Legislature having legalised these marriages church- men, as loyal colonists, ought to conform with the provisions of the law, the reverend gentleman pointed out that this was a principle which was not acted upon in other matters. The civil law legalised many things which every Christian body in the land considered altogether inconsistent with membership in its body. The law of the land permitted Jews to marry Christians, in the same way as it permitted a man to marry his deceased wife's sister and were they to be told that, because the law sanctioned the union of a Jew with a Christian, the ministers of the Church of England or of any other Christian church, were bound to dictate to a Jew a pledge in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost a pledge which the Jew did not believe in. The law of the land allowed every man to drink brandy, but it did not compel members of the order of Good Templars to do so and the Church was as much a voluntary society as the Good Templars' organisation was. in all that was said about this question, one thing seemed to be forgotten : every one must feel that the law of marriage, and, in particular the law as to the degrees of affinity and consanguinity with- in which marriage may be permitted, was one that touched very nearly the principle of a most important institution of society. They knew the principle upon which that law had been based for the last three thousand years, but-and it was this which he wished to point out no one had attempted to show where any infraction of that principle would lead them to. The Rev. Mr. Sadler said the Legislature having, in its wisdom, so altered the marriage law as to render it at variance with the law of the church, and provided means by which marriages which were contrary to the canon law should he celebrated, went no further. It did not render it compulsory on any clergyman to celebrate such marriages, and if the church here simply recognized the fact that these unions are, under the statute law, legal marriages (in the same light as the marriage of Mahomedans or Jews are regarded as lawful), but without the blessing of the church, he conceived that was all that could he reasonably asked of them. Mr. Loftie said it was his intention to vote against the resolution. The Synod was not in possession of one solitary instance to show that the clergy had actually refused to celebrate these marriages, and he thought it was very undesirable that the Synod should affirm any resolution, which in reality, or in principle, interfered with the conscientious scruples of the clergy in matters of religious opinions. . Mr, Maitland Brown was afraid Mr. Stone, the mover of the resolution, had been misunderstood. He was sure it was not at all Mr. Stone's wish that the celebration of these marriages should be forced upon the clergy of their church, if the law of that church declared it to be illegal or improper that they should do so. It was admitted even by those speakers who were opposed to the motion, and among them by the Ven. Archdeacon Brown (whose opinions everyone would respect, that it was plainly the duty of the church in this colony to follow the lead of the mother church at home ; it was also an admitted fact that were these marriages legalized in England as they are here, the church there would abide by the law and solemnise such marriages and if so, why did not the church here follow the lead of the mother church in this matter? He was sure that. neither MV.' Stone nor anybody else wished to force the clergy to solemnise these marriages, if they were contrary to the ecclesiastical or canon law ; but that was the Very question which they wanted settled. And what was that Synod for, if not to decide a question like that Even the laws of the church were not infallible, and, it appeared to him very desirable that the law as regards these marriages should be settled one way or the other. The question was one of too great and too serious importance to be allowed to be determined by each clergyman according to the dictates of' his own individual feelings in the matter. The Very Rev. the Dean read an extract from a letter published by Dr. Perry, the late Bishop of Melbourne, some years ago, when the same question was agitated in that diocese, and from which it appeared that Bishop Perry advised his clergy to exercise their own judgment in the matter. Personally, he (the Dean was free to confess that the subject was one with regard to which he had not fully made up his mind. But he did not think that such marriages at any rate were contrary to the Scriptural law and if any persons applied to him to solemnise such a marriage in this colony, he should do so (hear, hear), and give the parties the benefit of any doubt he might entertain on the subject. He might hereafter be induced to change his mind on the question, but the Very fact that such marriages were solemnised by the clergy in other countries where they had been legalized by the law of the land, encouraged him to believe that there must be some strong reason to induce those clergy to differ as they did, from their brother clergymen. His Lordship the Bishop said he felt it would not be right to put the resolution to the meeting without first saying a few words on the subject, for he thought it would be well that their position with regard to such an important subject should be clearly understood. They were then dealing with the question simply in its legal aspect, and not from a social or domestic point of view. They were not dealing with the question of the morality of these marriages, but, as he said, with the simple legal aspect of the question. A law had been passed by the colonial Legislature, which certainly appeared to be in collision with the law of the church, which was based, as they believed, upon the law of God. Therefore, a most important principle was involved, for with them it was not merely a question of church law, as with the Roman Catholics, but one involving much graver considerations. The ground taken up by the Church of England at the Reformation, when the statute law took the place of the canon law on the subject, was not merely that such marriages were contrary to the law of the Church, but contrary to the law of God, as given to the Jews, and as endorsed afterwards by Christ himself. They were not contending therefore with a mere point of ecclesiastical law, but with a law which they considered rested upon a higher law, the Supreme Law. If it could be proven or shown to them that they were mistaken in considering it as inconsistent with the law of God, and that they might surrender that principle, it might be certainly open to them to assent to the provisions of the civil law on the subject. But, another point he wished to notice was this- even if it were shown to them that the canon law with respect to this question was not based upon the law of Scripture, and that for that reason they might be ready to alter the law of the Church so as to bring it into harmony with the law of the stand-still he thought they ought to bear in mind that they were simply appr tion of the Church of England in these colonies they were merely one diocese of that Church,' and no single diocese was free to take an independent line of action in such a matter. They were bound, in the first instance, at any rate, to refer the question to the General Synod. He did not think their own Synod, upon any sort of proof would be free to adopt such a change in the general law of the church, without a distinct reference to the General Synod. He himself, as the Bishop of the diocese, felt that he should have no authority whatever to sanction any clergyman to perform such marriages. He did not say that he felt justified in prohibiting the clergy from doing so, but he felt bound to state that their doing so would, in his opinion, be contrary to the law of the Church of England, and also to the universal law of Christ. If appealed to on the subject, he should say he had no power whatever to authorise a clergyman of his diocese to celebrate a marriage which was not sanctioned by the law of the Church ; nor should he himself feel justified in solemnising such a marriage. He was, however, quite ready to refer the question to the General Synod. He had already communicated on the subject with the Bishop of Sydney (their Metropolitan), and also with the Bishop of Adelaide, but it so happened that the former had left Sydney to attend the Lambeth Conference, and the latter was on the point of leaving on the same mission, and he had received no reply on the subject. He was, however, quite prepared to communicate with them again, and-if such was the wish of the meeting-to refer the question to the General Synod. The Rev. B. M. King said he felt most strongly on this point. He did not take the question of the ecclesiastic law on the subject into consideration ; he had neither the time nor the ability to study it sufficiently to enable him to do so. He simply relied on the inspired words, " For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife and they twain shall be one flesh." He believed so-he believed that man and wife were absolutely one, and, therefore he would as soon marry his own sister as marry his wife's sister. Such a union he regarded as a blasphemous mockery of Christian marriage, and to those who contracted such a union he would neither administer the holy communion, nor give them a Christian burial. Mr. Harper moved, as an amendment upon the original motion, " That the resolution be referred to the General Synod." Mr. S. E. Burges seconded the amendment. He thought it was quite time some decision was arrived at in the matter. "What he found fault with the clergy here, was, that they did not take some combined action when the Act was passed, to protest against it. The Ven. Archdeacon Brown said combined action was taken, and a memorial was forwarded through the Governor, on the subject, appealing to the Imperial Government, which memorial; however, was quite unsuccessful. Mr Stone having expressed his willingness to accept the amendment, the same was carried near. 