\- JLxixi jjy — - ) RETALIATING ON A GHOST. .The Batlmrst Free Press states that in the western portion of the town is situated a piece of ground on which a building is erected. This property has been in the occupation of a man whom we will call Ghost for a length of time, and the lawful owner up to the present nas oeen unable to eject him. . Being afraid that the la\y may shortly be put in force, and that he may be .compelled to give, up possession, Ghost has been adopting certain plans in order that the value of the property- may be .depreciated. The property has either'beeh purchased, or is.under offer, and, in order to frighten any person from purchasing the premises, tlie. man has lately been moving about the paddock near the street, covered with a large white sheet, thus attempt ing to lead people to believe that the, place was haunted, and that the restless spirits were ex ercising themselves after nightfall.. This scheme of his succeeded to .his .own satisfaction for 'a time, until a fewuiights ago a young man was passing the spot referred to, when suddenly he jsaw what lie took to he a ghost, He was alarmed, and in his flight stood motionless in the street, when seeing the'" spirit" moving to wards" him he became, stiil more alarmed. - He had with him a: faithful dog, And, calling the animal by naine, told him to "take to him." The dog "obeyed his master's "command and. made straight for :tbe " spirit,"- who, noticing ; the turii- mutters had tak'eri, endeavoured, to seek shelter in the house ; but before lie had gone far tlie dog seized' the sheet with wlijch he was covered, tearing it from top, to. bottom and ex posing to view'the body of . 'the mail..,. Trie dog then niade for his legs,; mid gave the -ghost, some severe bites. ' The spirit tried to kick the dog off, and while 'doing .this the young man, who by tin's time had recovered from his fright, threw a stone at him and; struck hitnin the small of. the back. The additional pain caused by this blow made the man cry aloud and use language the reverse of polite: . 