fpteto JUST AS I AM. BY MISS BRADDON, Author of «' Lady Audleifs Secret,' ' Taken at the flood,' * A Strange World?*' Dead Men's Shoe*? *- Weavers and Weft? %c.% $c. IFoblished by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVU. — Poor Lucy. Avonmore is one of the genteelesi towns in England. There is positively nothing common or unclean in it. It manufactures nothing, it gives employment to nobody, it knows nothing of the working classes, it Las no outer fringe, no dingy hern of shabby streets and laboring men's cottages. It is a pure and perfect chrysolite set in the garden-land of England, a land of green pastures, watered by a picturesque but ?weedy river that never turned a mill or served any useful purpose in its life, but which glides along its serpentine course placidly, between willow- shaded banks. The High-street is as broad as Regent street, and sparkle with shops that only appeal to the wealthy. The two chief hotels are ss elegantly luxurious and as expensive as Olaridge's. The surrounding hills are dotted with white-walled villas girdled with expuisitely kept gardens, rich in monkey trees, deodoras, wellingtonias, and all the aristocracy of foreign timber. 'The finest society in England is to be had at Avbnmore,' said Mr. Churchill Green, as he finished his hashed mutton, and turned his chair to the fire in the un tidy little back parlor behind his shop, *' but it is an infernally stagnant hole fer a man to earn his living in.' His wife sat in a low chair in Hie oppo site corner of the hearth nursing her last baby. A sickly mother with hollow hectic cheeks and a dry hacking cough; a flabby looking infant, dribbling over a soiled and Crumpled pinafore. {il don't know how it is for other people,' ieplied Mrs. Green, mournfully ; *' some of them seem to get on well enough, and even make their fortunes, but it doesn't answer with us. Perhaps if you were to keep closer to business Churchill ? ' ^ 'Closer to business,' echoed. Mir. Green, scornfully. ** Will my closeness bring cus tomers. If I were to be as close as an oyster would that fill my shop? Didn't I stay at home and sit yawning over the Telegraph behind that 'blessed counter all yesterday afternoon, and what are we the richer for my self-denial?' ' Two young ladies came, Churchill.' ' Yes, and after turning over three port folios of songs and waltzes decided there was nothing they cared about, and walked out of the shop without spending sixpence. I wish I dealt in cheeses, or eel pies, or rags and bones, or gig trotters,' cried Churchill, savagely,' for then I might find an appre ciative public.' ' I have often advised you te try some other business,' said the wife, with, meek reproachfulness, the kind of half-resigned, haif-compiaining, wholly miserable tone 'which irritates a husband's nerves like the perpetual dropping of water; a small nuisance, but horrible from its continuity, u Oh, hang it all,' exclaimed Churchill, as he knocked the ashes out Of his blackened meerschaum. ' I couldn't stand an ungentlemanly trade, if it were to bring in thousands.' Lucy Green gave a little whimpering sigh as she bent over the sickly baby, and lifted the limp little hand to her Hps. ; , ' I wouldn't care what the traffic was if it gave us good food and decent clothes,. Charley,' she said. She always called her husband Charley when she was most in earnest. 'I. am sure I felt as bad as if somebody was putting a knife into me this afternoon when I saw those children going to school in patched clothes and worn-out boots. What's the good of waiting for concert engagements thatjdon't come ? If it wasn't for a circus now and then, and a piano or two to tune, you wouldn't earn a live-pound note in a twelvemonth. It's only the kindness of — my friends,' she faltered a little here and looked furtively at her husband, whose face had clouded over with a sudden scowl ; 'it's only their kindness' keeps us from starvation.77 'Perhaps if your friends were a little less mysterious in their benevolence I might feel more grateful,' retorted Mr. Green. ' But it isn't a pleasant idea for a husband that his wife gets her money from nobody knows whom.' ' The money seems as welcome to you as to me, Charley. You always help to spend it.' ?* I suppose I have a right to live, Lucy.' ' Nobody denies that- Churchill. Don't I slave to put a decent dinner on the table, and feed the poor children on bread and treacle half the week, so that you may have a little bit of hot supper when you come home tired of a night? but it does seem hard upon us all when you go and spend money in a tavern parlor rather than make yourself . happy at home.' 'llappy,' echoed Green, with a con temptuous survey of the shabby room, and the faded wife. « A fine place for a man to be happy in — a chorus of squalling brats, varied by a solo from a grumbling wife. If it were not for' the relief I get from a little pleasant society pf an evening I should cut my throat.' ' I don't think J shall be here to trouble you very much longer,' said Lucy, looking at him with eyes that were slowly filling with tears. It was a look lull of pathos, but the husband had seen it so often that it had lost its power to move him. 'And if you dont give any more thought to the poor children when I am gone than you do now they won't be long a burden upon you, for with their weakly constitutions they need all a father's care.' tf They need a father's purse, my girl, and mine's empty,' answered Green, putting away his pipe, and rising to depart. He settled his collar, and arranged his hair before the shabby little glass over the mantlepiece, and then, feeling that he had not been quite so kind as he might have been to the weak piece of humanity which he had wedded, he bent down and gave his wife a gentle pat on the shoulder with one hand, while he offered the forefinger of the other to his baby, who clutched at it con vulsively and examined it with a frowning intenseness, as if the paternal finger were a natural curiosity seen for the first time. 'Cheer up, old girl,' said Green, 'a creaking door always hangs longest on its hinges. You'll go on creaking for many a year to come, I'll be bound.' 'I don't think so, Charley. My chest's awfully bad, and the pain in my side gets worse every day.' 'It's all on account of these villanous east winds. You'll be better directly there's a change in the weather. Ta ta.' 'Where are you going, Churchill, in such a hurry.' ' To the station. There's a concert at Blackford this evening, and a new contralto I've set my heart on hearing. I shall go third-class. Three bob there and back, and I shall be home before one in the morning. Don't sit up for me, Lucy, but just have a bit of something hot on the kitchen hob, as per usual.' He was gone before she could remon strate. She sat rocking the baby on her knees, with the tears rolling down her wasted cheeks. 'Three shillings for railway fare, and something for his tea at Blackford, even if he gets into the concert hall for nothing,' she murmured dolefully. ' Five shillings would buy Eveleen a pair of boots, and the poor child's feet are on the ground. God help me ! I was so proud of ChurchilFs musical genius when I married him ; and now I hate the name of concerts, and organs and oratorios, and the whole lot of it.' -...-... The bell hanging on the shop door gave a jingling ring, and Lucy Green started up in an agitated manner, hurriedly deposited the flabby bundle of infant life into the cradle, and hastened into the shop. A gentleman was standing in front of the Counter, looking about him. thoughtfully. ?????? ^Did you wish to see our newest music,, sir?' asked Mrs. Green, summoning up her most cheerful smile,, and trying to look like a prosperous tradesman's wife, pain fully conscious all the while of her faded gown and untidy haiiy which the baby had been clawing a few minutes ago. 'I am not a customer, madam,' answered the stranger, with? grave politeness. ' I wish to have a little private conversation with you, If you -will allow me. . I believe you are Mrs. Green ?n ' ' « Yes. sir.' ** I am known — slightly— to tout relation, Mrs. Dawley.' ' Indeed, sir. Then I'm sure you're wel come,' exclaimed Lucy,, brightening. ** Mrs. Dawley is my aunt, .and the best of aunts. How was she looking sir, when.' you last saw her?' ; 'Glorious. I met her in Highclere Market-place only a week ago, and she looked blooming and hearty.' ' Dear old Highclere^' said Mrs. Green regretfully. ' How I love that place. It isn't as fashionable or as handsome a town as this I know, but if s nearer my old home, and I knew it when I was a light-hearted girl, without a care. That make the diffe rence, you see, sir. Will you please step into the parlor, sir, and make yourself at home. It's a poor place, for we're limited as to room, you see, everything being sacri ficed to the shop, and with children about one can never keep a room tidy.' ' Pray don't apologise,' said Morton Blake. ' I dare say you would rather have disorder with the children than order with out them.' . ' Yes, indeed, sir, I should be sorry to lose one, though it's a wearing life.' Her hollow cough gave emphasis to the remark. It was a life that seemed likely to wear into death before she was much older. ' I -want to talk to you about the past, when you were in service at Temple wood.' ' Ah, sir, those were the happiest days of my life. Seeing me now, you'd never believe what a giddy, flighty young crea ture X was then. But what interest can that time have to you, sir?' ' A great deal. I am hunting up details of family history in order to establish a cer tain gentleman's right to an estate now in Chancery, and there are points in the history of Lord George Rothney, and in other family records, which may help me to a missing link here or there in the chain of evidence. You understand ?' 'Not exactly, sir/'* answered Mrs. Green, with a puzzled look, 'but you must bear in mind that I've no head for business. Green is always telling me that.' Morton had invented this pretext as he came along, feeling that it would be neces sary to allege some motive for his en quiries. 'You were with Miss Alice Rothney before her marriage, I believe ?' he said. ' Yes, sir, I was own* maid .to Miss Alice and her sisters. Ah, she was a sweet young lady, poor flower, cut off in her bloom and beauty.' . Her eyes filled with tears, and she turned away her head with a choking sob, as she felt in her pocket for her handkerchief, fumbling nervously in her agitation. ' You were very fond of her, I see,' said Morton, kindly . ' Fond of her ! I loved her as if she had been my own flesh and blood. She was a kind mistress to me, and I was true and faithful to her. Yes, God knows I would have gone through fire and water to save her!'! 'Was she happy in her married life ?' asked Morton, intensely interested. It seemed to him. that he was on the right track. Mrs. Green was inclined to be communicative. The floodgates of memory were open, and all would be easy. But at this question she became suddenly on her guard. She drew herself up, tightened her lips, dried her tears, and became as it were a woman of marble. ' She had the best of husbands, sir, and the most devoted.' 'But that does not always ensure happi neps. She may have had' a previous at tachment. She may have been unhappy in hejr memory of a former lover.' f'lf it were so, sir, it wouldn't be my place to talk about it, especially with a stranger. I was true to my lady in life, and and I wish to be true to:her in death.' , ;f 'I would not for the world assail your fidelity. But there is a reason why the details of Lady Courteriay's married Hfe; and her death are deeply interesting tome. It is so idle curiosity that moves me. jBe assured of that. It is in the, cause of truth and justice that 'I .ask ttese questions.' ; , ' Lucy Green looked at^him witha scared , expression— pale /to the lin& '' * ', , 'You, frem .your, association with fhf neighborhood, must have 'been interested in the trial at Highclere last December. Tell me frankly, now? do you' think' the man who was condemned for the murder of Walter Blake was the real murderer ?' She never took her eyes from his face. The pale lips assumed a purple tinge, the angry hectic of disease came and went upon the sunken cheeks. ' This woman is in the secret,' thought Morton. f* What strange questions you ask,' she faltered; 'and what could that man's guilt or innocence have to do with L&dy; Cqurtenay?' ' Perhaps a great deal. Walter Blake had been Lady Courtenay's suitor before her marriage.' It is possible that a hus band's jealousy ? ' ' You have no right to say such things. You have no right to speak against the dead,' exclaimed Lucy, tremulous with anger. ' I was true to^my lady while she was alive. Do you think I am going to be false to her now to gratify your malice. Why do you come here to rip up the secret of the past— if there Were any secrets in her life — which there were not ? Nobody ever slandered her while she was alive., . Is V she to be made light of after she has been lying in her grave for twenty years P', 'Pray do not agitate yourself,'1' said Morton, gently. 'I have not said a word against Lady Courtenay. If Walter Blake loved her it is a reason why I should honor her memory. But I believe that Sir Everard Courtenay had a hand in 'falter Blake's murder, and I believe that you could help me to discover the secret of his guilt.' ' Sir Everard Courtenay !' cried Lucy, with a laugh that had too hysterical a ', sound for genuine mirthf ulness or genuine scorn. 'Why he and Mr. Blake were ol-i friends — old schoolfellows. Mr. Blake was as much at home at Fairview as Sir Eyerard himself.' u What if that friendship was suddenly .; broken— if some act or word, innocent of all evil, perhaps — on the part of the wife . awakened the husband's jealousy-i—^-' ; ;. 'Oh, you are leading me on now about Sir Everard, as you led me on about Lady Courtenay. .But you are wasting rtime an-l trouble. I have no secrets to tell, and if I had I wouldnotspeakone wordagainst a good master who was always kind and generous to* me — yes, always-generous,' ahe/.re-; peated, changing from hysterical laughter to hysterical tears., 'He has been, a good friend to me in my trouble, with f«ur children and a husband who squanders more than he earns ; what would beeome^pf me, do you think, if I hadn't a friend ? and yet you, a stranger to me, come here and try to make me turn against him.' She had risen in her agitation, and had moved about the room, stooping over the cradle to arrange the baby's coverlet, with a wan hand that fluttered like a withered leaf in the faint evening wind. Morton, had risen too, and had changed his place, : so that he now stood with his face turned to the bright winter light streaming through a window that looked northward. ,'Why do you distress yourself, Mrs. Green]' he said, watching her intently, ft If there is nothing to conceal, or nothing to tell, what need of this agitation ? But if you are keeping the secret of a crime bribed perhaps to be silent— -you are doing a wicked act, and no good can come to you or yeur children from the help which is given you as hush- money.' / ' How dare you to tell me I take hush money?' she cried, trembling in every limb, and looking him straight in the face for the first time since they had shifted their position, 'How dare you insult — r-' She stopped suddenly with a faint shriek, and clasped her hands 'before her eyes as if to shut him from her sight. ' Mv God !' she cried. ' Walter Blake's face!'' She sank into the nearest chair, cower ing and shuddering as if she had seen a ghost. ' Oh, my poor Miss Alice, my poor Miss Alice! He was so good and brave and true, and loved her so dearly.' Then she began to sob, big tears rolling . down her Wasted cheeks. ' Why do you come here to torment me, like a spirit from the dead?' she cried. ? ** You have no right to torture me like this.' 'Yes, I have the right to use every means in my power to search out the secret of Walter Blake's murder,' answered Mor ton sternly, ' for he was my father,' She rose again and came over to him, and looked him in the face earnestly, with piteous eyes, as if indeed he were a shadowy wanderer from the land where all things are forgotten. ' Yes, it is his face,' she murmured. ' I ought to have known it from the first. But I hardly saw you till just now. You sat with your back to the light, and I was so upset by what you said — and my sight has grown weaker every day since I've nursed mylafit baby. I ought to have guessed wno you were at once. Your voice is like his, too — perhaps that's the reason I was so upset — for I'm a poor nervous creature.' 'Can you help me to bring his guilt home to my father's murderer?' asked Morton, waiving away all her agitated pro testations with a tone and look that indi cated intentness of purpose. ' No. What should I know of the mur der ? I was with my poor dying mistress all that day. I never stirred outside Fair view — I hardly left her room.' 'And you know nothing — you can recall no suspicious circumstance ? You can give me no clue?' ' Nothing — no — no.' ' You mean you will not.' H No, I say I cannot — I know nothing. Why do you not believe what all the world believes — that the man who confessed to the crime was the man who did it ?' 'Because I have the strongest reasons for thinking otherwise— yes, good and suffi cient wound for believing' that Sir Everard's was the hand that struck the blow. ' You must be mad,' said Lucy, with her gaze still fixed on his face, as if drawn to it irresistibly by some influence of memory, love, or fear, stronger than her will. u Sir Everard, a gentleman, lift his hand against his own friend ! Impossible. Ah, Mr. Blake, Mr. Blake, why did you xome here ? - My poor-heart, -haw it beats ; and the, blood seems boiling and bubbling in my poor weak' heajl, ^Thy do you bring up the. past?, ^I/panVjjear.1 it-rOan't -arit» ,...' ,,; ,;. vT y..; ? ~\ '? .-/*_.: . She flung herself back ^nto the, chair j from which she Jhad risen , restlessly a . minute before, ancl ?. hmpt .^intjo : passionate tears. Never had . Morton seen a' woman sob so. bitterly, and the sight wrung his heart. 7 . . . ; \ : V .*|,MyLgooc[ soul, I am truly sorry,' he ex . claimed, laying his hand gently, almost tenderly, upon her shoulder. \ ' Pray db . not distress yourself in this way. If you have no.knowledge of m*jr father s death, if you are withholding nothingfrom me, there . can be no cause for this agitation.' ' Yes, there can,' she cried passionately. 'There is another cause. Cannot you understand. How dull you are* I knew your father so well, I saw him so often, when he came to Templewood courting Miss Alice. Oh, my God, his face rises before me now as if it was only yesterday that he was standing by the holly hedge ? that cut off the kitchen-garden from the shrubbery, .talking to me about my young mistrees. He used to make a confidante of me, and give me messages and little notes for her, for she was hardly out of the nur sery at that time, and Lady George kept her vary close. It used to please Mr. Blake to talk to me about her, for I could tell him all she said.about Mm, and what he called her pretty: ways. -Of course it never occurred to him that any harm could come tp me from all this talk. You fine ?gentlemen think; that because we are ser vants we are not flesh and blood, that we have no hearts to feel; or fancies to be led astray,: But though I was a lady's, maid I was a woman, and I grew to care more for hnn than I ought to have cared, and I was miserable about him, and took no pleasure in life except when he was near me, and my heart was gnawed with jealousy, and many ajtime when he has given me a letter for Miss Alice I have covered it with kisses, and carried it about in my bosom, for hours before I gave it to her, and I've been tempted to destroy it in my jealous pain. Yet I was true to my lady through all, and ?never turned against her, or faltered in my love for her.' .._.-. She said all this with her wasted hands spread before her wasted face, her speech, broken every now and ' then by a stifled sob. Now she let fall her hands, and looked at Morton once more, her face crimson with shame. - * « Why do I tell you this new that he has been in his grave twenty years ?'she asked. ? 'Heaven knows why. I have never told a creature before to-ciay; he never guessed it. I was not a bold flirting girl, like some, and I would have died rather than betray inyself to him. But you are his son. It seems to me almost as if you were himself, risen from the dead— and you wanted to know why I was so upset, and I have told you, and mere's an end of it.' This was said with an air that was half weary, half defiant. The air of one who was very tired of the burden of this life, destined very soon to cast e£E that burden for ever. ' I am sorry for you with all my soul,' said Morton. 'I honor you for having loved him, and for having so faithfully lkept the secret of that love. You can the better understand how I, his only son, who loved him so passionately, am bent upon avenging his death?' This renewed her tears. 'Don't talk to me about his death,' she pleaded. ' I can't bear it.' He stood looking down at her thought fully for some minutes, while she sat struggling with, her tears, and Wiping them off her wan cheeks, sorely inclined to be hysterical, but conquering her agitation heroically. He felt prof ound pity for her weakness, physical and mental. He saw such signs of disease in her pallid face and shrunken form as could but move him to compassion. Yet he felt that, weak as she was, she had got the better of him, con quering his strength of determination by her very weakness. He felt assured that she had some knowledge of circumstances bearing on his father's cteath, and that she was wilfully keeping t&at; knowledge from him. Throughout the interview there had been a remorseful consciousness of wrong doing in her manneri It was not grief for the dead alone which drew from her such passionate tokens of distress. There was guilt as well. 'f You seem to be in a weak state of health,' he said kindly, when she had grown calmer and had taken the baby from his cradle, as if in the hope of finding some comfort in that feeble morsel of humanity which she pressed tenderly to her breast, bending down to kiss the flabby little face, with blue eyes staring wonderingly at her. ft ' Yes, 1 have had a hacking cough ever since last September, and I have been very low. Poor mother died in a decline, and my eldest sister went off last year just in the same way. arid I suppose it will be my turn next. I shouldn't much mind if it wasn't for these poor children; but it's hard to leave them. Churchill means well, poor fellow, but he's so wrapt up in music, and singing, and such like. He'll go twenty miles to hear a new church organ, or a new singer. He can't take care of the children as I do.' ' Please God you may be spared for eome years yet. 'You seem to have rather a hard life here. The shop to mind——' 'Churchill is at home sometimes,' answered the wife, with a deprecating air, ' but I do mind the shop mostly.' ' And the children to take care of — ' ' Yes, it is a hard life to any one that's out of health,' asBented Lucy with a sigh. & 'Don't you think if you were to come into the fresh country air, among fields and woods, and have a comfortable cottage to live in, and a nice little servant to look after the children and wait upon you, you might get better ?' ' Lor, sir, you might as well ask me if I thought I should get better in Paradise. Of course I should, but it's impossible.' 'Not at all. If you like to come to Tangley I'll give you one of the cottages on my estate, with a nice bit of garden, and I'll find an honest girl to nurse you and your children, and my aunt, who is about the best woman in the world, will take care that you want for nothing tijl you get well and strong and able to come back to your husband.' ' Oh, sir,' she said, clasping her hands rapturously, ' how generous arid noble you are. Yes, you are indeed his son — like him who -was. the kindest of men.' ^ Let it be a settled thing, then. I will have some furniture put into a cottage to morrow — we have always plenty of chairs and tables and old.bedsteads in the lumber room at the manor— and I will get my aunt to arrange' ev.eryjthing. ' All you have to do is to gejt.-ypiur .husband's cojisent to your leaving him to take care of himself for a month or two.' ' I don't think He'll imich mind, sir,' an swered Lucy. ; 'He has often said he would like to give me a change of air if he could afford it ; and it worries him, poor fellow, to hear my cough, and to know that he can do nothing towards curing it. He has grumbled at my aunt Dawley because she hasn't asked me to go and stay at the farm — but then you see, Sir, my aunt has her husband to study, and sick people are bad company. And even if she were to invite me to the farm she wouldn't have the children, and I should have to be parted from; them, poor innocents.' 'You will be happier with your children round you, I am sure. Here is a trifle for the expenses of the journey.' He slipped a five-pound note into her hand. 'I'll write to you to-morrow to say how soon the cottage can be ready, and you can settle everything with Mr. Green in the mean time. ' Oh, sir, I don't know how to thank you. You are too good. You are like your father. I can't say more than that.' 'I don't want any thanks, Good-bye, until I see you at Tangley,' and with this brief leavetaking he took up his hat and departed. There had been no thought of self interest in his kindness to Lucy. His heart had been touched by her distress, and still more so by the deep feeling she had shown in reference to his dead father. But after he had left her, and was on his way home, it occurred to his mind that whatever knowledge she had withheld from him to-day as a stranger she might possibly impart' at some^future time, when she had learnt to regard him as her bene factor and friend. (To be continued.) ^ ? 