On Servants. By a Rambler. ' Cuckoo ! oh, word of fear, Unpleasing to the married car.' What does the married ear care about cuckoos, I should like to know ? Had Mr. Shakespear written 'servants,' instead of cuckoos, there would have been some sense in it ; one could then, like a prosy Ulrici, write a volume on this new proof of his wondrous gift of flashing a light on the future, proving conclusively that in these lines he ' bull's-eyed ' as it were these great pests of modern society. Pests, rather are they the rulers of this present world of ours. Fair reader ! be thou married or be thou still in thy preferment days ! I appeal to you, have I not started a most pregnant theme, upon which to expatiate? Fair residents of Sydney, is not this evil in our midst ? Being a sympathiser with beauty in distress— what woes of this nature have been confided to mine ears. A recent arrival furnished a cottage in high art style —aesthetic taste being displayed in Garden Palace crockery and chrystal. Then the question of questions became who was to be installed as ' care taker' thereof? This was indeed the rub! How ever, after much deliberation and perplexity, a precious 'rubber' was found. ' Prudent and care ful,' said an old spinster referee. Great joy! and all went happily for a week. At the end of which time, leave was granted to her, for a couple of hours, but she returned— not till morning; and then it was in gloom. Her sister's child had died suddenly, and she remained to ' wake ' it. Her demeanour at first was sad and pensive, tears often flowed; indeed her nerves were shaky. Then her mood changed ; and gaily, if not melodiously, she sang at her work — anon she grew boisterous. Later on, her angry passions were aroused, and, sad to tell, aesthetic china was smashed. Lo ! in the midst, walked in her sister with the 'waked' child awake ! wide awake, in fact! Grand tableau! Over which the curtain falls. . ... Another lady of my acquaintance, who lives a little out of town, went to a registry-office to hire a servant, but was told there would be great difficulty' in inducing a ' young lady ' to consent to take up her abode, so far from the busy haunts of 'men,' let us call it. A few days after this lady was called down to the drawing-room, when its occupant (seated herself) politely said, 'Take a chair, ma'am, and would you get me a glass of water before you do so.' Rather amused, the lady inquired her visitor's busi ness, to be told that she had come from the registry office ; that the place would 6uit her ' though it was quiet. Indeed she would not mind coming, provided she got every other night, and every Sunday afternoon, tG'When I first landed in Sydney, I spent much of my Hmp with an old friend rather recently married. His wife was of a retiring disposition, little self-assertive ; in short, nervous, and had a wholesome dread of her domestics. Need I 6-iy this latter qualification was soon found out and ' worked on.' On one occasion the husband was deputed to select a^ servant at a registry office. It was amusing to see him stalk in at the awful door, and beard the lions in their very den. Needless to say, outside I stayed— where he rejoined me full of self gratulation. ' All is right now,' said he, ' a respectable middle aged woman is coming out, by-and-bye.' It was by-and-bye— the hours flew past — four, six, eight, nine o'clock struck, but no ' treasure ' came. Fears and dismal forebodings stirred the youthful maternal bosom. ' Oh, ever thus since childhood's hour, I have seen my fondest hopes decay,' cried she. But heavens ! what noise is that ? which rudely interrupts the poetical flow of ideas. A heavy thud is heard on the stone steps outside, followed by a ram against the hall door. ' Lights there ! ' out rushed my friend and opened the door to receive his ' long looked for ' into his arms. A comrade must have propped her against the door, and then vanished. Dropping in to dinner one daj', I noticed that some thing was amiss ; but a laugh was raised, and my suspicions laid at rest. B y-and-bye awkwardness was apparent, and dishes, &c.;, were handed to my friend s wife through the door in a most mysterious manner, no other party to the transaction being visible, Spiritism crossed my mind, a change must have come over my friend's beliefs, and now they are aided by kind and invisible spirits or agencies, thought I. This opinion gained ground, as my hostess constantly got up fromthe table andreceived nowonething, nowanother, in tlhin unaccountable manner, and with af ace suffused with blushes. At length, catching sight of my looks of wonderment, she laughingly explained to me that her servant was a 'character,' and that no consid ation would induce her to enter a room in which a member of the male species was. She would not stir out of the grounds. She would not even take a parcel at the door in the usual manner, but holding the door tightly in her hands, she would cry in modest voice, 'Plase lave it there !' 'It is getting intolerable,' said my hostess; but her concluding sentence was lost on me, I was in a reverie. ' Here, thought I, 'is some delightful fair one, young, fresh, straight from Arcady ! ' and I panted to catch a glimse of this Phillis as 6he passed the way. Hearing a step in the hall, I rushed out to the verandah, and in doing so confronted an ill-favoured female of fifty summers and upwards. Summers, did I say ? Rather winters, and frosty ones too. She was frosty-faced and sour visaged. Poor revenge, I had her noticed there and then. That wicked Moliere says that ' Women are torments, plagues, essence of evil ; Women, in short, arc worse than the There, I knew my quotations would some day land me in trouble; but I am in time to withhold the comparison, which must now ever remain a mystery. There is the servant with followers, ' Only my cousin, ma'am.' All of the male gender, they are legion, and one or other of the said cousins are sure to turn up at the most inconvenient hour, and then ' There is no getting any good of Mary Jane.' Suddenly enter the kitchen, when one of these cousins are about, and all is bustle and confusion. What is amiss ? Oh, wherefore this terrible flurry ? My spirits are all in a hurry, And above and below From my top to my toe Are running about hurry skurry. A very dressy lady whom I know has to carefully lock up all the new dresses she gets — and truth com pels me to add, she renews her wardrobe with great regularity — because her servants copy her robes when she leaves them about. A little earlier in her career, a very handsome costume was sent home by a fashion able modiste, which she left hanging loosely in her room. On the next Sunday she was affrighted by seeing her own very shadow, or ghost, glide down the back garden pathway. She shrieked, and her husband rushing to her aid, caught her in his arms. In vain he tried to sooth and reassure her, but she would not be comforted. She sat, full of apprehension, watching the path earnestly, but no apparition again appeared. Her husband, like unto Horatio, says, ''Tis but a fantasy.' Night comes, and ' Peace, I say,' cried she. ' Look where it comes again ! It's my A ery armour she has on.' * * * But to drop metaphor. It was the servant re turning in my lady's garment ! ! ! The illusion was dispelled, and the erring one expelled. Why multiply these illustrations, doubtless many more startling instances will suggest themselves to the thoughts of my fair readers. But regarding this matter in a grave light. Is it not a pity to see the old-fashioned pleasant relationships which' existed between mistress and servant giving place to ones of distrust and antagonism ? To a grudging service and oftentimes a cruel unsympathetic mistresshood. Have not our systems of female education undergone a great change of late ?-and is not this change in a measure responsible for the evil ' I speak of. Eighty or ninety years ago, young ladies were made good housewives, now accomplishments only are studied. Our object seems to be, to turn them out painters, musicians — in fact, artists. We aim only at adorning their minds, as though they could go on singing, dancing, and feasting to the end. I highly value culture, and strongly advocate the refining influences of the Fine Arts being brought to bear on the young female mind. Still there is a serious, aye, and a useful side, which requires cultivation also ; and surely housekeeping forms a necessary part of a young lady's training. Yes — and cooking too. Think well of this, oh ! ye matrons of Sydney, now whilst the ' Fiddlers ' discourse sweet music in your midst. This mode and feeling in regard to Education, has filtered down into the lower grades of life also, and girls, whose natural calling should be ' Domestic Service,' now-a-davs think such not ' good enough,' and thus they overflow factories, shops, and other ' genteel ' modes of gaining a living. Ho w much better for them were it otherwise. Thus society gets unhinged. 'Where will it end ? 