LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE GOVERNOR—Sir J. H. Lefroy's visit to Launceston is postponed. THE ELECTION—As far as Hobart was concerned, the election for the Huon caused no stir whatever, in fact people seemed to take no interest in the matter. TREASURY BILLS.—The tenders for £50,000 worth of Treasury Bills, in vited by the Colonial Treasurer, were well responded to yesterday. A con siderable amount beyond that sum being tendered for, and the whole amount allotted at £101 5s., or one and a quarter per cent, premium- The Treasury Bills have five years to run, and hear interest at five per cent, per annum, THE SIMONSEN'S.—Mr. McKenzie, the agent of the Simosen's, is now in town, and making the necessary arrangements for the Company opening at the Theatre Royal on the I5th instant. The Simonsens have achieved a high reputation- as operatic performers, and in opening a season here come supported by a very powerful Company, a splendid wardrobe and all. the necessary accompanments for producing in the highest style the choicest operas. They intend during the season to treat the public to no less than 20 different operas ; and we believe a real musical treat is in store for the theatre going public. HEALTH.—Some people when they feel indisposed rush without further thought to the doctor, or the chemists shop for relief and fancy they obtain it by the use of boluses and pills. The judicious and thoughtful take other means of giving the system a tonic, and many no doubt will take advantage of the op portunity, as may be seen by our advertising columns, where the dates and hours of pleasure trips to New Norfolk are announeed. INSANITY AND THE GHOST—Unless the police, put a stop to this supernatural visitor, there will be some bad work, assault and battery, murder or suicide. We hear of one lunatic upon whom the stories of the visitor have made such an impression, that he constantly carries a bludgeon and hits out at anything, even a bosom friend of his, quite innocent of being a ghost, got what the Irishman calls a poltogue on the back of his cocoa nut, which will always remind him of ghostly wanderers. TASMANIAN SHEEP. — Dalgety's firm advertise the sale of Gibson's and other prize sheep in New Zealand. The race horse Albion got his foot through the bottom of the box on landing, and was somewhat hurt. The others were landed with a few scratches. MCLAREN'S HOTEL,—Mr. Drake, well known in connection with rifle shooting, has, we understand, taken this well-known hostelry. Mr Cullen retires at the end of the month. THE MARY BLAIR—The barque Mary Blair, after a long absence, it will be seen by our shipping columns, baa arrived at Launceston. A Hint.—Should the Treasurer ever find himself in difficulties here is a sugges tion. "The business of banking in South America, if not as 'safe as it is in London,' must be infinitely more exciting, especially in Peru, where, according to latest re ports, ' the Government, being in want of money, has been compelled to restort to extreme measures to obtain it. Two banks were invited to advance the Government a million or two, and upon their refusing, sentries were placed at their doors, with orders to allow money to be paid in, but not to let any be paid out. After holding out for a few days the banks gave way.' Traders are compelled to allow their books to be examined, and to pay a tax of six per cent, on their profits, so it is not surprising to read that ' business is dull.' THE PHOTOPHONE.- -In the last paragraph of our London correspondents' letter our readers will find the description in brief of another most extraordinary invention of Professor Graham Bell's, the inventor of the telephone. As it will be seen, a beam of light is made to convey speech to any distance without the aid of any connecting wire. GRAIN—The Examiner says the India loads 1000 bags of wheat, 1300 bags of oats, and 100 bags of peas for here. The Freetrader also has a quantity on board. It also mentions that besides the Harriet McGregor, which has arrived from Mauritius with a cargo of 250 tons of sugar, the Mary Blair has arrived with a full cargo, and the Baron Veltheim is expected in Hobart. Fpom t n Am* to the Soafsold. •-On the. 22nd of July a melancholy pnrwe cerenwny w» B celebrated in the prinet}>al pao 1 of Madrid. Some days previously « young men mmed Alvarez u t and bis mH-ess, with whom 1tnha<1 lived for several years were tried for jouwr by the ctiroinM tribunal in the Ptilaoio df Justiz, and, bavins been prtm-d gailly, were sen'enred, the former to dentfa by the porotte, the latter to ten years imprisonment with bard labor. Shortly after their condemnation thev craved permission of the airboririe< to be Hmted in matrimony. ere the dread sentence of tbe law should be carried into eff ot, in order tint their only child, a little girl five years old, should be legitlmised. Tnelr petition was granted, and the gaol ch- phi- pronounced the blessing of the cliurch upon then- reunion on Ibe morning of tl.. o\vapp inted for Alveroz' execution. Having dulv exchanged rin^ and pronounced views of mutual fidelity " till death ebould pa t them." tliey took »n efern >1 and affecting l^avf of one another, after which tbe tbe btide was removed to the scene of her future punishment, and the bridegroom was conducted to the condemned cell, where, having confessed bis sins and received absolution, he was pinioned and conveyed to the scaffold A few minutes later he ceased to live. A Live Moa !—Information has been given to one of the local papers by Mr John Hay, Government; Surveyor, at present oampad near the Wairan, thai on several oeoasions at night the cry of what is supposed to be the call of "the mofk has been heard. It is described as something like the whistle of the American engine, with a little of the «rcs*-piit tawsharpening melody thrown in at :he finish. When once heard it lasted for at least fifteen minutse. Trucks of a bird with claws 8ft Sin long have been found by the cook of the party when out searching for stray sheep, and It is owing to this information and the noises heard at night that searoh parties have started to explore. Bib Lemons.-We clip the following from an Exchange. A correspondent writes to say that a few days ago he saw at Mr Fred. Backsball's garden, some very fine lemons, two dozen of which were measured, and they all ran 14 inches in circumference, scarcely vary, ing at all; twelve of them weighed 21 lbi.—averaging 1} lb. each. 