' STEANQB, IP TKUB.' 8ncn was tho thought that patted through my mind after hearing tho tales mnntloued below, and tbe discussion that naturally arose concerning them. I %m, of R^'irso, do believer in 'ghost stories/' but, as many of my rotttlom doubtless know, there aro clroumetanora which socm to bafflo all attempts at explanation. Such, I think, aro those whloh wore, lately repeated to me, and wbiob, believing they might interest our readers, I intend fa wrtta rinwn ftjl- rhov AH» said to havn ooourrod, Btfore, however, Commenolnir to do so, I think it belt to sty that all, tbe glories wore related by the persons who were aotnally ooncerned in thorn. About three yours ago, a gtnUeman holding a government situation at tun Capo, was residing, for a time, In the execution of bis duty, in a small villagu tome dittanoo from Cape Town. It wat, in general, a very quiet place, with only a few regular residents ; a groat, many of the houses remaining eloiod most of the year, their owners living eliowhore on their farms. Onco in twelve months, however, tbo little village beoamo qulto gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a totally difforont aspect. Thii was on tho oooaaion of the annual fair, when, in strong1 contrast to its usually alroout deaortcd look, tho plaoe %au literally onmded with visitors of' nil kinds. The time of the fair was very dote at hand, when the. gentleman to - whom I hare referred, a man in the. prime. ot life, active, strong, in vigorous health, and not in any way imaginative, left tb« house where ho was residing, with tbe in tention ot taking a walk. It was a olasr, beautiful evening, the moonlight making all as distinct as In the day i and ho paused beside one ot the empty houses already mentioned, for tho purpose of lighting bis pipe. There was not a cloud to bo aeon j not a shadow oatt anywhere mar whore be was standing, when suddenly, from round the corner, ss it just leaving the ball-door, pasted a f ull-tizod coffin, just suoh a height, bom tbe ground as would have been the case had it been carried on men't shoulders. The gentleman watched It with a feeling of curiosity, and it soemed to disappear in the distance. He toldme that no ono could bavo mistaken it, tbe shape being to perfectly denned. It stood out grey and opaque in the dear, tweet air, and patted him so closely that he could have laid his hand upon it. Wondering at tbe ttrange sight, but without any feeling of dread or fear connected with it, he was yet suffl dentty Impressed by the circumiUnce to write it down, with tbe date and hour, in hit note-book, and to mention it to the ?doctor, who was an intimate friend of hit, though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been tome optical delusion, even when assured tbat my friend had seen it as plainly at he then raw himself. Some days patted, and in the busy, dally life, tbe affair was forgotten by both gentlemen. . The fair-time arrived, and, at usual, tho little village was crowded. Amongst the visitors wat a young man suffering bom typhoid ' fever, who was taken to the very cottage before named. All the akiU of the doctor proved unavailing, and, amidst tbe general gaiety, the shadow of death fell upon him; and, three dayt after hit arrival, his ooffln wat carried out of tht booso from whence tbe gentleman had teen tbe strange sight Issue. On reminding the doctor of what he had been told, the latter tald that, had he remembered the facto, he would have tent tbe Invalid elsewhere j though, of course, if the call, 'Oame up hither,' had gone forth from tbe Master's lips, no earthly power oould havotUyed the departing spirit. At r said before, I am no believer In ghost stories, tut when «. ttrange fact inch as this i« declared to have been seen hj a practical, unimaginative man, In good lealth, one scarcely knows what to think of It, i \- The scene of my next story is laid in New York, In* handsome house in one of tbe best farta of the city j tbe lady who related it resided there at tbetlmoi the other inmates consisting of her husband, two children, and servant*, A cousin with whom the bad been brought op bom infanoy.uinally lived with tfaem, tat hit health having latterly failed, he faad gone, by advice, to Florida. - One afternoon,*!, the was sitting playing with the little ones, the nurse, who wss also in thit room, exclaimed, ' There it Mr. George I' Look. ing up, the lady, to her astonishment, taw her cousin, whom she believed to be so far away, standing -in a leaning attitude igamtt tbe open door, gtting at the merry group'} natorally enough, her first remark wu to enquire why he bad returned, but be gave no answer and movfd away, at ihe thought, logo upttaln. Just at tbat moment, Serlmtband entered by another door, and she at once told him that 'George wst at borne, and ionVto bit room/^ Olid to bear the welcome, though quite unexpected news, the gentleman followed blm, but toon came down, saying he was not there. Greatly jmujrf at to where their oousln could have disappeared, thiy searched every room wWb STUtUe tuooetii no one,aave the lady and htr nurse, having Hen him about the' touse. Almoet the next mall .brought tkem the tad intsllifiiioi that th*, 7°u-* W bad died of rapid decline at the very hour of tbe day on whloh bit cousin had, it the thought, tpoken to him in her own drawing-roou). The Isdy to whom this happened badalwayt been most averse to putting any faith In stories of this kind, and, but. for tho &o;*i of hit death having oooumd precisely at the time the taw blm, would always have remained oonvlooad that be ktd returned and played tome trick upon bar. The most singular part ot tho eircum stance is! I think, that whilst the lady and nurse both taw and tpoke to him, the children took no notice ot one whom they bad always loved, being in the same room, Another most ourioui talo, indued, tho most puttllng of all, wat related of a toidltr leaving bit Mtt through seeing tbs 'spirit,' at be affirmed, of ono of his officers, who, unknown to him, bad jutt abotbtmMlfi but having read it In one of our dally papers, t do not repeat it, a* tny readers may, In all probability, have dene the tame. My latt *tory it one that fcipperjFd on toard shin, and tbat tet'tnt to mo very pathetic mm tht great love tbat muat have edited betwtnn the friends. It wat on a lorrfy erming that ono of Ihn nasMBgers on board a bomoward.bouml Indlamtn, tempted by the Ixmuty of Mm seenft, wat lingering on oVl, unwilling to «obtngo the pure n« brwan for tbr heated atmosphere below. 1/ooking tound, with a feeling that he was no longer slant, and expecting to mo one of hit companions, bo wassurpritod to eeo flitting bonldoMm, (lie deatMt friend be postoasod, and who.jts bo know, was stationed somewhvrc In tlio Weattndlos 'B ? 'ho«tcliilm(-d. ollerly bewildered by toolng thu fooo so familiar to him gatiug fondly, yd sadly at him : 'how oamo you lirreP Uave you baett hidden away all those days P' As be ppoko half- jttlingly, a atrangu tomatlon onmo over him— was he dreaming or mad P How nonlil B ? , who wu hundrodi of inlloa away, bo now o' l'»rd with tiiu P ' H'W did you gel beraP' ho tuked, bit v-ilo-- intensibly laklnji an awiti-lrucii tono. 'I came to sec you,' wa- ilic ansvci, spoken fa low, stnuwly thrilling rooodis i ' I felt I null -i--3 you, but I ennnot -isy longer.' * Ho laid bit hand on Uial of lila friond as he tpoke, pretiing ll wlU tho old «-?»'](- touoh tho otbur rHii.vmbi'ri d rn ttnll, an-) m gone bi'foro any anrmr ouiild Iju piu'lii. Fur a long time, tbn offlcor n»t povilerinK (in thoitr&Dfru; vlviti Hum taking nut iili iiiile.booV in the brlghi, xUr-lii:h', !»? plttOfd Uii) faction rronril, kIUi I -?- h .ur »nd date. lie did uol ni-uii»ii l»u -:lr- aumitanoo on board, kuowiiiK wnll li'iar hnpiobublu nucb a ntory wuul.l appiwr, but it wft« with a honvy huart 'hal h' mw tbo ' white olifTt of old EupUnd ' l..-o -minK vitlblo, for a dcop uonviotiuu hud lakan poatetsion of hit heart thai, on landing, be would, in some wuy, roooivo Bud tidings of bis old and well-loved frirnd. Ho know tbat ho bad been awake and Uiat njx'ral) had pattod betweon hit titrango visitor nnil himself, but tcho tbat virllanl was, Ii« drctded, bravo toldtur though ni- wcro, to atU'lnpt to oiplnin, Landing in Englond, his feart wero boou verified, fnlelliguuci reacnloK him that, on tbo »ory nlirht wlmn ho had »eon and «|iokon to liiin .;iii« frivnd had died in tb« Wml Judiot. I do not prtteod t-i give any ixplur.itliii ol thete ' strsnRe utorixn j' lli.yn who UM (ham -o ms mutied toinmuly tii*i IU« /-nt* were jart nl they nsd tinted tueic, kt-u I have no reason to dltbollrv' ih»lr wurd. That idcIi things may oeeur, by pi imimlun ol ??jur ill-wite Clrnttor, Is quite |ir,a»l-|p, bin, whlllt Rrenllnit CO mnoli, I think «viry cp« tbould do hit or her uimuni to |-iu ddun nm) dettroy'lkat foullib, liunlul UolWI iu tlio.r. to-oallod ' gliott- ttyriiit,' tliat -,»vi to often done suoh IrretrluVtiilo mlsolilel to tliuiii natures nud young obildi«», Thlohlng th« above aooounts ouimus tod vuinuwhut out of tbe common-— at Umtt, the firm unit third— I have simply ' loM tho til* an '»t»t told to me,' lcavleg my rcndiu to lonn tli Ir -wn Judgment! thoul them. HUM, I think Hamlcl'l words m«-, with iiitllon, bnqautnd regarding them, ' Tlitt them ar« tuoro thhiR In heaven and earth thin are drranit of in oat pblloiopli.',' and Dial, iu vrry trail), each itoriei are ' strange, if true.' G. A. C. 