) THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. ) A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken ) before the magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during ) divine service. The account of it is thus given in an Eng- L lish journal: — "A sergeant eommauded the soldiers at . church, and while there the parson had read the prayers ' and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, ' but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, ) but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before ) him. He first looked at one card and then at another. V The sergeant of the company saw him, and. said, 'Richard, put up the cards, this is no place for them.' 'Nevermind that,' said Richard. When the services were over the constable took Richard ' a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' ) said the Mayor, 'what have you brought tho soldier here ) for V ' For playiqg cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, . what have you to say for yourself V ' Much, sir, 1 hope.' 'Very good; if not, I will punish you severely.' " ' I have been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common Jjprayer ' book. I have nothing but a p.ack of cards, and hope to I satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions.' ( Then spreading the cards before the 2Iayor, he began with . the ace. "' When 1 see the ace it reminds me that there is b it ' one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father I and Son. , " 'When 1 see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When 1 see the foar it reminds me of the I four evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and , John. " ' When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise ' virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but , five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out, '"When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. " ' When 1 see the seven it reminds me that on the I seventh day God rested from the great work which he made and hallowed it. " ' When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight i righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world- viz., Noab, and his wife, his three sons, and ' their wives. I " ' When 1 see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out ' of ten who never returned thanks. ( < < When 1 see the ten it reminds me of the ten command- ments which Gad handed down to Moses on the table of stone. ' " ' When I see the king, it reminds me of the great ( King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. I " ' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of — " Rheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise woman I as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, . all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to teli which were boys and which were girls. The, king sent I for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the , elbows, and the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told by that. ' "'Well,' said the Mayor, 'you have described every I card in the pack except one,' I " ' What is that ?' " ' The knave,' said the Mayor. ' I will give your Honor ' a description of that too if you will not be angry.' ' I will I not,' 8.aid the Mayor, ' if you do not term me to be the knave.' 'The greatest knave I know is the coust.able who brought me here.' ' I do not know,' said the M.ayor, ' if he is the greatest knave, but 1 know he is the greatest fool,' " ' When 1 count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, 1 flpd three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When 1 count the number of cards in a pack I find fifty-two — the number of weeks in a year. I I find there are twelve picture-cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year, and on counting the ' tricks 1 find thirteen — the number of weeks in a quarter. , So you see a pack of cards serve for a "Bible, almanac, and common prayer book." ' " 