Catching a Spirit. Mrs. Mary Eddy Huntoon, sister of Eddy Brothers, the famous materialising mediums, came to grief at North Adams on Monday night, and the local editor, j. h. Mabbett, of the Transcript , played the principal part m the affair. Mrs. Huntoon and her brother, Webster Eddy, came from Chittenden, Vt.f by arrangement with local parties, on Friday night, and took rooms over Quackenbush's restaurant on State street. On Saturday evening they gave their first seance , which about fifteen attended, and there were the usual manifestations. Among the audience was Rev. Dr. Osborne, of the Baptist Church, and he and Mr. Mabbett laid their heads together for the exposure which worked so successfully on Monday night. The room was an ordinary sitting-room, with a bedroom adjoining, and from the bedroom a door led to a iwardrobe. The bedoom was utitised as a cabinet, a dark curtain hung over the doorway, the door of which was pushed back. Colonel Potter and William Hodgskins examined the cabinet before the seance , but no one was in it before the manifestations began. An audience of nearly thirty were present, including eight women. Mrs. Huntoon was Douna by Colonel Potter, and sat alone in the cabinet when the manifestations took place. The seance lasted about an hour, and a number of figures appeared, one of them purporting to be the grandmother of the Rev. Dr. Osborne, who was present. Mrs. Huntoon's closing materialisation is always that of an Indian chief, who bounds out with a yell into the dimly lighted room, in which nothing can be distinguished save the " spirit forms." Mr. Mabbett has attended several of her seances at Mount Pleasant, and knew just when the Indian would appear, so that when he heard the whoop he sprang from the front seat, and caught the figure when about 3ft. from the cabinet curtain. At the same instant Web ster Eddy jumped for Mabbett, and all three, Eddy, Mabbett, and the spirit, fell to the floor, Eddy endeavouring to get hold of Mab- bett's throat, while the spirit scratched his face vigorously. Rev. Dr. Osborne and Colonel a. g. Potter, who had agreed to assist Mabbett, at once hauled away Eddy, but the editor did not relax his hold on the spirit, and finally brought out before the audience the Indian figure. At this junc ture, by a preconcerted arrangement, Officer Joel w. Hunter and Deputy Sheriff Walden, who -had been waiting in the hallway for three-quarters of an hour,, broke in the door, and when the lights were turned up the Indian figure proved to be Mrs. Hun toon, her skirts&nd; dress cunningly tucked up about her body, and her white drawers show ing plainly, while she kicked, screamed, and cried to her associates for a pistol. The scene was one of the highest excite ment and confusion, One woman rushed up and denounced Mabbett as a " shameless thing," and entreated him to put down the medium's dress ; while he, excited by the confusion, called lustily, " See her legs 1" " See her drawers i" " There's the Indian materialisation for you !" After recovery from her hysterics, in which she prophesied her death before morning, she, out of sheer bravado, explained-that there was no denying the fact that Mabbett caught the Indian figure, but that, inasmuch as the materialisa tion emanated from her, it likewise returned to her, and so, instead of keeping the ma terialisation, he found her in his arms. a fp.w smiritnalistfi nwafint Rwn.llmxrof? tln'o ac truth. — Springfield Republican. a journal gives the following statement of the riieasurement of an ironclad's plate. a lft. rule was given to a Sunderland dockman to measure the plate. The " humper" not being well up to the use of the rule, after spending a considerable time, returned. " noo, Mick," asked the plater, " what size is the plate ?" " Well,"- replied Mick, with a grin x>i satisfaction, " its the length of your rule, and two thumbs over, With this piece of brick and this trifle of pantile," the breadth o' my hand, and my arm from here to there, bar a finger." a young lady from the city, boarding for the summer at a farmhouse on the borders of Delaware counte, visited the dairy at tached, and watched with marked attention the; country maid in her toil. " Your task is a laborious one," she remarked to the maid. " Somewhat, ma'am," was the reply. " Nature is indeed wonderful in her work ings," continued the lady. " Observe the green grass in the fields, and in a short time it is converted into milk, and from milk into butter.,' "Yes, ma'am." "Honey is a strange anomaly also. Observe the little bee wandering from flower to flower, extracting the sweetness therefrom, and depositing it in the globular form into the comb." " Yes, ma'am." " After the formation of butter, i have been told the milk is termed butter milk." " Yes, ma'am." " If i am not ex hausting your patience, may i ask you what use is made of the buttermilk ?" " We feed some of it to the hogs, and what's left we feed to the boarders." 'BQwfrMT "to 'be'a. ; money-mania . 1 _ ,, A Raal Play Bill.— The following m a- literal copy of a curious play bill i&suedm; the year 1793 by the manager of the Theatre Royal, Kilkenny: "Kilkenny Theatre. Roval by His Majesty's company of SiansT On Saturday, uth May, 1793 will be performed by command of several respectable people in this learned metrapohsh for the benefit of Mr. Kearns, the tragedy of " Hamlet," originally written and composed bvthe celebrated Dan Hays, of Limerick, andinsartedin Shakspere's works. Hamlet by Mr. Keams (being his first appearance in that character), who, between the acts, will perform several solos on the patent bag pipes; which play two tunes at the same lime. Ophelia, by Mrs. Prior, who will in troduce several favourite airs in character, particularly The Lass of Richmond Hill,' and ' We'll all be unhappy together,' from the reverend Mr. Dibdin's ' Oddities.' The parts of the King and Queen, by direction of the reverend father o'Callaglian, will be omitted, as too immoral for any stage. Polonious, the comical politician, by a young gentle man, being his first appearance in public. The Ghost, the Gravedigger, and Laertes, by mi. Sampson, the great London comedian. The characters to be dressed in Roman shapes. To which will be added an interlude, in which will be introduced several sleight-of- hand tricks by the celebrated surveyor Hunt. The whole to conclude With the farce of 'Mahomet the Impostor!' Mahomet by Mr. Kearns. Tickets to be had of Mr. Kearns, at the sign of the Goat's Beard, in Castle street. The value of the tickets, as usual, will be taken (if required) in candles, bacon, butter, cheese, soap, etc., as Mr. Kearns wishes, in every particular, to accom modate the public. No person shall be ad mitted into the boxes without shoes or stockings." 