Chapter, LI.—Lizzie's Failure. Lizzie Hardman found that the entrance to her new career as a nursing sister was : not free from difficulty. She had, first and foremost, to produce testimonials to cha racter and capacity, and the obtaining of this from Miss Blake and Mr. Jebb occu pied time. Then, , when .she had proved her respectability to the satisfaction of the Lady Superintendent of the home which she wished to enter, she had to go through a preliminary course of hospital nursing, her duties being of the humblest, hardest kind, in order to prepare her for the. high ar grade to which she aspired. dThis hospital work was to last a month, during which time Miss Hardman, as a day-snurse, would be 'allowed to sleep at the house'.in Milton street,; 1 She began- her work bravely j but, despite her enthusiasm, the work proved much more arduous, much, more painful, than she had'anticipated. Hitherto her life had been spent among-.familiar faces—she had enjoyed the consideration and respect of her little world. There had been thorns in her cushion at the Manor House, but all the cottagers whose wants she administered to round and about Tangley had honored her as Miss Blake's adopted daughter, and asithe medium through which they received Miss Blake's bounty. She had never gone anywhere empty - handed, and she had always been sure of her welcome. But in this big city hospital where nobody knew her or cared for her, how different life seemed. The doctors were always in a hurry when they came .in contact with her. They spoke curtly; they took no in terest in her. work—they treated her : as a machine. Then the cases were, so various and complicated, the suffering around her was so terrible, that soul and sense sickened as she felt how little she could do to help or to comfort. It had been one thing to sit beside a dying peasant's bed in some quiet cottage chamber, listening to his hopeful talk about the better land to which he was journeying, but it was another thing to: look along the dreary ward where pain tortured creatures were ready to curse God in their agony, while disease' in its most.' ;hideous form disgusted the eye that would fain have expressed only sympathy. Lizzie had put her hand to the 'plough,' and-she ' meant to [persevere; but tnere were times1; when her courage failed utterly, when she" walked wearily home to Milton-street with ] a heart heavy as lead, and shut herself in, her little room—the room which she shared' with Jessie—to shed bitter tears over her "weakness and incapacity. " I am afraid it is not. in me," she said to herself sometimes in these moments of de spondency. u But I must go -on. To fail now would he too contemptible. I should despise myself for my cowardly weakness." She could have borne the trials of her daily life better, perhaps, if she could have shut out of her 'mind all memory of the paBt. But unhappily that past was in her mind. Her soul yearned for her lost home as Eve may haye yearned for the Eden she had forfeited for ever.. In the sultry, sickly August days, amid the crime and foulness of the great overgrown manufac turing town, Lizzie's fancy returned to the cool shrubberies, the velvet lawn at Tangley,, to the sweet companionship, the sympathy and guidance of her .one devoted friend. Yet she had no right to complain of being shut out of that paradise; she had left it of her own free will; she had 're fused to go back, or even to make any compromise with the situation, when Aunt Dora came to fetch her. " What coulcl I do," she asked herself sometimes. "To have gone back would have been to lay myself open to the impu tation of having only acted a part. I must justify the step I took in my anger that day. X must show those cruel girls that I can live my own life. I could hot go back without forfeiting my self-respect." " Self-respect. That was the idol she had set up for herself. A stern exacting deity, who had to be propitiated by the sacrifice of her heart's tenderest feelings, and who gave her very little in return. When the harvest moon glorified the dinginess of Milton-street, when the breath of harvest was in the very air of Tangley, poor Lizzie sat at her bedroom window late into the night, watching the light clouds drifting across the round gold moon, and thinking how the. same soft light was shining on Tangley common, and the far away glimpse of glittering water, and the calm expanse of stubble and meadow rising and falling in gentle undulations to the base of distant hills. , . "I'm afraid.I shall have to run away from my work," Bhe thought, in her de spondency, feeling health and energy ebbing away day by day, till each day the' allotted task became more difficult, the vitiated atmosphere more stifling. "I shall die if I stay in this horrid town.". And then she thought that if she found herself actually incapable of the career she had planned, she would advertise in the local paper for the situation of national schoolmis tress in some quiet village, where she might nurse the sick in her own way, and where health and strength,; and the power to work> would come hack to her in the pure air and quiet rustic life. But she had not broken down yet, and she meant to struggle on so long as success seemed possible. "Only when my strength utterly fails will I give up," she said to herself. Her. relations saw the gradual change in her, and saw that the hospital work was doing her harm. Mrs. Hardman remon strated vehemently. " I never did see such nonsense as a young woman turning her hack on a com fortable home, where she was quite the lady, to moil and toil in a hospital, bring ing home small-poxes and typhoid fevers to her family.'' " If you are afraid of that, aunt, I can get a lodging," answered Lizzie, meekly. "Who said I was afraidP" exclaimed her .aunt, somewhat inconsistently. " I ain't a sofcfc-roed one. But for all that you might find something better to do with your life than mixing poultices and rubbing in lenemens. If you must do something for your living why notjoin Jess in the dress making business P xou must be tasty after having lived all your life with gentlefolks; and with her machine you might both do splendid." Lizzie did not attempt to explain to her^f aunt that it was a philanthropic career, and not mere money earning upon which she' had set her heart, lest that severely practical matron should ridicule the idea, i " I think I had a knack for sick-nursing, aunt," she said, " and Tm sure I baye no taste for dresismAking." " Why, didn't you make the gown you've got onr'.. " Yes^ hut I couldn't sit at work all day, as. Jessie does. It would drive me mad, I think." " That's because yon ain't used to it." : Lizzie went on till nearly the end of ,her; probation. She had worked so well and had shown herself so skilful and intelligent, that the Lady Superior of the Home to which, she" wished to be admitted had gladly accepted her services; She was to' iinish her work in the hospitals in a few days, and was to take up her abode in the Home, which was a fine, old-fashioned house, in a dull, old-fashioned street in that deserted quarter of Blackford, where, a hundred years ago, members of parliament, wealthy bankers, and justices of the peace had made their abode. The change from the close quarters of Milton- street to the spacious, airy roofita at the Home would be a welcome one, and Lizzie was looking forward to it with pleasure, though she had grown honestly attached to her family, whose goodheartedness went as far as virtue can go to atone for extreme vulgarity. She was, as it were, on the very threshold of . her new life; and) she felt proud of halving held on through all difficulties, and of having conquered at last, when she went home from the hospital one evening with a wracking headache. She had suffered a good deal, from headache lately,-but this pain in, her head was unusually severe. She -.was half blind with the agony of her- ! throbbing temples, and groped her way j along the familiar streets and lanes as. if she j had been walking in a November fog. Her limbs were so heavy that she could scarcely ! crawl along; and it was with the utmost difficulty that she dragged herself to Milton street, hoping all the time that some stray cab 'would pass her way so that she could get herself driven home. But no cab ap peared. Milton-street was out of the beat of such luxuries, and she was obliged to get home without help. " Why, Lizzie, child, you look that bad 1" cried Mrs. Hardman, who was sitting on her favorite stool, reading one of those thrilling serials which beguiled her leisure with lofty fancies. " You've been looking like a ghost, more or less, for the last fort night, but you look ever so much vvorse to night." "I .have rather a bad headache," Lizzie admitted, feebly, as she sank upon the frayed, .old horse-hair couch, which gave to > the kitchen something of the luxury of a drawingroom. •' ' "Bilious, I daresay," said Mrs. Hardman. "Have a Cockle." . ' " " No, thank you, aunt." .. "Have a cup of tea, then? I stood the pot on the oven top a purpose for you, and there's a nice bit of cake in the oven." "I couldn't take anything, aunt, not even tea. I think I'll go to bed." She rose to leave the room, but staggered,. and would have fallen without her aunt's aid. Mrs. Hardman assisted her upstairs add put her to bed as if she had been a little child ; and when Polly's young man came in presently he was sent'straight off fpr th^ hospital doctor, who had been most con^ eerned in Lizzie's work. ; ■ , . j ; . He came that evening, and the hextMay,' and on many days and evenings^ d tiring, which Lizzie lay helpless and'pxosj^^'ii$'.'; :the stuffy little bedroom where the sewing, ' bokchine pursued its noisy career, and where Jessie divided herself befween her duties l as nurse aqd dressmaker. .• Happily for the ^ family.in Milton-stree ^ it. was. neither smallpox nor typhoid which had-stricken poor Lizzie. It was none of those fatal scourges at whose name poor humanity trembles. The girl had only broken down under a strain which she was unable to bear. With depressed spirits and desponding soul she hadjried to do'work which required all the vigor and vivacity of a happy nature and a; hopeful mind; and she had fallen under a burden too heavy for her weakness. i Those distracting thoughts about Tangley —that unconquerable longing for the home • she had left—-had affected her as the love of country affects a Swiss peasant. She had sickened for the lost home, and was nigh to death. She had been feverish in the early part of her illness, hut never out of her senses; and when Mrs. Hardman suggested that Jessie should write and tell Miss Blake of her sister's illness, Lizzie entreated that no such letter might he written. The doctor does not say that I'm in any danger, dees he ?" she asked. : "Lord, no, my dear," answered her aunt, energetically. "No fear of that, You're very low, and he says it'll take you a long time to get round, and that you'll never be strong enough for this sick nnrsing fad of yours.. It is not. within the compass ;o£ your constitution, he says, so. you'd .better, give that' up at once." ; "Yes, I fear. I must give itup—jps't as I .had learned the work, and was going to begin my career. It is very hard. ! I shall try and get a situation in a village school. I have done a good deal of teaching at Tangley, and I know what the work is."" . "Don't you bother about schools not nothing till"you're strong. Here's our Poll wants to he married early next month, and for you to go with her and Jim to the sea side for their honeymoon. He'll only he able to get a week's holiday; but you can get a good blow of sea air in a week, audit will do you a world of good." " It is very kind of Polly, hut she ought not to he burdened with an invalid sister during her honeymoon." 1' She won't think you no burden. Ain't she your own sister ? Blood's thicker than water, you know." "I think I had better go somewhere with Jessie if I am obliged to have change of ; air," said Lizzie, with a faint sigh, , She was wondering how long her little stock of money would.hold out, and whether I she could afford the luxury of a seaside trip with Jessie. She had insisted upon paying her Aunt Hardman a pound a week for her maintenance; although that hospi table matron would willingly have fed and lodged her gratis. She had spent a little money in fees at the hospital, and the five and-twenty pounds with which she had left Tangley were reduced by about half. And now she was having strong; beef tea and other things which must cost money, and it would be her duty to pay Mrs. Hardman more than a pound a week for this period of illness. "I am afraid you are spending a great deal of money for me," she said, one day, when her aunt brought her a glass of public house port, which was thick and slab, and tasted like elderberry wine enriched with the juice of a damson tart. "You've no call to worry about that, child. Your uncle ain't so poor that he can't afford a bottle of good old port for his niece. I daresay if you'd let me write to Miss Blake she'd send you an 'amper of of wine. But you must have your own" way." . "Thank you, dear aunt. Pd rather be under an obligation to you than to Miss Blake, dearly as I love her. When I left Tangley I made up my mind to fight the battle of life without any help from rich friends." Lizzie was nearly three weeks confined to her bed, and when she was strong enough to get up again and lie on the sofa in the parlor, she looked like the shadow of her former self. It was useless to think of taking a situation yet awhile, it would he a week or two before she could be strong , enough for the change of air which the . doctor declared indispensable to her recovery. She could only lie on her sofa and read a little, and think a great deal, and look forward wonderingly to a future that was wrapped in shadows. And now August was nearly ended, arid, the Blackford election was in full progress; The great, busy, overgrown town was in a state of profound excitement, aiever which; penetrated everi as far; as, quiet . Milton street. Party feeling ran high, and there' was a kind of, infection of opinion iri the air, which people,caught unawares. Men aBd women who had no political opinions at any other time became sudderily vehe ment, arid even angry partisans.. Colter mongers who herded in the vilest slums of the town declared themselves good old Tories, and proclaimed their , intention of shedding their blood, if needful, for Church and State and an hereditary peerage. The virulent Radical and the hardened Con servative met on 'the common ground of the public house and the chandler's shop. "Women paused at their wash-tubs with arms akimbo to give utterance to their views as to bow the country should be governed. Men who had never invested a five pound note aired their theories about consols and. other Government securities. Everybody concurred in the one leading - idea that the country was going to ruin, and that a thorough change was required in all the existing institutions. Lizzie, sitting in an arm chair, by the open^window of the Milton-street parlor, too weak to venture out of doors, was dependent'upon her kindred and the news papers for all information about the election. But.her interest in its progress was intense. She had read every line of the reports of meetings held here and there, by this party or that. She read all Morton's speeches twice oyer, weighing their' effect upon his hearers.; She read all that had been said by the rival candidate, in order that she might be able to estimate the strength of Morton's opponent. Her brother William brought her tidings bf how things were going. He was able to tell her how the current bf popular opinion was setting', and what chance Morton had. " I think he'll get in," said/William, who was an advanced Liberal. . But Polly's young man., was a stanch Conservative, attached to the old-estab lished paper, which had begun its career fifty years ago as a sixpenny weekly, and had reluctantly transformed itself into a penny daily when Mr. Gladstone abolished the paper duty. Polly's young man opined that Morton had a very poor chance. He would not give a twenty pound note for his chance. "Andthough there's no such thing as bribery now-a-days, his election will cost him a pot of money," said the printer's reader. "I don't think he'll care about the money," answered Lizzie, with a sigh. " Is he so inonstrously rich ?" "I believe he has three or four thousand a year, and he is not particularly fond of money." . "Egad, I shouldn't mind spending a thousand or two if I had such an income as that to fall back upon. But I believe his election., will cost him three or four thousand. I heard that his agent said he would have his own way and do things as he likes this time—that" it was Mr. Blake's folly in setting his face against treating and such like that lost the election at Highclere last winter." ; "Do you know where Mr. Blake.is stay ing P" asked Lizzie. " Oh, at the Royal, of course. These men of the people always put up at the best , hotel, and live on the fat of the' land." I "If you knew Mrl Blake as well as I do, , ypu would know how little he cares about the fat of the land," said Lizzie with' a faint smile. , She wondered a little that Morton had not come to see her. He must know from Miss Blake where she was living, and it would have cost h'im very little trouble to put himself into & cab and be driven to Milton-street. To see him only for a few minutes^" hear how his work was pros pering, and to hear from his own lips,that he was interested in ;her new life—how sweet it would have been to her. Was it not rather unkind of him who had called himself her adopted, brother to be 80 hear arid yet. not come to see her—more es | pecially when she was so interested in. his ! political career, ,and when it had been in some measure' through her persuasion that he had allowed himself to be nominated for iilackforcl. "Perhaps he is offended with me for leaving Tangley just when I was beginning to he useful to him," she .thought, " or per haps those cruel girls have Baid something that has set him against me altogether. Oh, if they were to make him believe that when I was his nurse and amanuensis I: was trying to eatch him for a husband, how he would despise me—how I should loathe my life if I knew there was such an idea in his mind." . The fancy that this was possible tor mented her cruelly during those eventful days of the election... It was better, per haps, she argued with herself, that-she should not see Morton—better for her own peace, since it must be . the chief effort-of her mind to forget how dear he had been to her; yet' it was unkind of him not to come; and it was unlike Morton to be un kind. . And now came the decisive day on which the result of the balloting Was to be made . known. Every vehicle in Blackford - had been brought into use for the occasion^ And the tagrag and bobtail of the place'were' dis J porting themselves in coaches. Fl^s W;e^e dying, drums.beating, the joy-bells of half-, a-dozen churches pealing with distracting vivacity; To Lizzie, sitting by the window, witb her weary head supported by pilloWs, and an unread hovel lying in her lap, this day seemed the longest in her life. Mrs. Hardman was the only; member of the family who made any pretence of staying at home; and even she spent half the day gossiping at the little general shop over the way, or at the milkman's round the corner. The clamor of the bells was almost madden ing. Were they ringing in Morton or his opponent? They would peal just as joy ously for one as for the other. "I hope he will not be disappointed a second time," thought Lizzie. " fie has had so much sorrow within the last year." The polling-place was a long way from Milton-street. Mrs. Hardman brought in stray scraps of intelligence, but they were of a totally irrelevant character, and were of no use to Lizzie. How much Morton's opponent was supposed to have spent upon bribing one particular foundry; how he had given ms bespeak to the theatre, and Mr. Montmorency was to act Claude Mel notte, with a new Pauline brought ex pressly from the Surrey Theatre, London, for the occasion. Lizzie longed for her brothers return from work. He would know the result of the election. She lan guished for a visit from Polly's young man, even though he was politically unfriendly tb Morton. But there was no hope : of either of them appearing before seven o'clock. And the long blank day, with its clamor of church bells, hung heavily on Lizzie's dejected soul. At five Mrs. Hardman brought some tea, and thin bread and butter, with water cresses, all neatly and daintily arranged to tempt mi invalid. " How good you are: to me, aunt," said Lizzie, looking up at her, gratefully. "My dear, I do my best, but this must seem a poor place to you after that there Manor 'ouse. You didn't ought to' have come away. And 'toseethe wreck you . are. It's enough to make anybody cry to look at you. You ,look ten years older, than you did the night you came-fromr- the country ; and that pinched and wan—I can't think What you've done with your good looks." This was meant kindly, but it was not comforting.. Vanity, had never been Lizzie's vice, .said she was able to smile at her. aunt's speech. " •' My looks won't matter when I am a national school teacher, aunt; and perhaps ijm'ay oh all''the betterif people think me older than I am." ! "Perhaps you will, my dear. You've set your heart on a queer sort of life, and it's no use trying to argue.you out of your'' fancy. All I can say is that-if Providence had given me good friends. and a good home I shouldn't have took and run away . from them." . : "You know the old proverb, aunt. No one but the person who has to wear it can tell where the shoe pinches." " That's true, child. I suppose your shoe pinched somewhere. But never mind now. Take your tea, like a dear." Refreshed by her first cup of tea, Lizzie rose from her chair and went over to the chimney-piece to look at her reflection in the cheap glass above it. She wanted to see if she were indeed so much changed as her aunt said she was—if she had lost all pretension to good looks. Yes, Mrs. Hardman was quite right. All the brightness and. freshness was gone from her. face. Pinched (cheeks, hollow eyes, a pallid complexion were reflected in the looking-glass, no flatterer at the best of times.; "Perhaps I ought to be glad that Morton did not, come to see me," she said to herself. "He would have; been disgusted at my altered looks. And what would he have thought of this poor little room, with its cheap, vulgar furniture, and the afternoon sun glaring in upon it, after the shady drawing-room at Tangley ? Yes, it is better for me that he has kept aloof. I have gone out of his life for ever. Anything that took my mind back to the past would make nie more miserable than 1 am." | She closed her eyes, exhausted by the long anxious day, her brain addled.by that continuous ringing of bells. She let her head fall back upon the pillow, and sank into'a gentle doze, soothed by the warmth of the western sun. It was the: most re freshing sleep she had enjoyed for a long time, and a slumber in which her fancies wandered away from Blackford into the rural scenery of her past life. She seemed to have been sleeping for a long while—to h&ve; lived a lifetime in dreamland, when the sudden opening of the door awoke her, and she started np, flushed with sleep, ex claiming,." Is he elected, William? Is Mr. Blake elected P" Her hack was turned to the door, but it was near the uBual hour of her brother's coming home, and she had no doubt that it was he. " Yes," answered a voice just behind her chair," Morton Blake is member for Black ford, and he has come to tell you of a success which he owes in a great measure to you." ' It was Morton's voice. Morton, not uur grateffll or forgetful, wps "standing .beside her. : '.... '"•< ■. ; • * ; (To le continued.) 