SOMETHING MORE FOR THE SCRIPTURAL SCEPTICS. (By Peutetbe.) . correction—The little shepherd girl's attle with the Inspector of Police—His •frfttacem and her simplicity—The exaction of the Miracle, and of all Catholic belief in it.] •When writing last week about the instan- Jeouscure of,M. Lassere's eyes, I wrote from a memory of several years, nee I wrote I have seen M. Lassere's book, d find that my memory was not faithful in "few particulars.- M. Lassere's cure urred, not in 1869, but in 1862, and on riday 10th. of October, about half-past d m. He did not dip the cloth he used ato the jar of water, but poured out some nto a tea-cup, and then applied the wet loth to his eyes. Instantly, with all the amdity of thought, the healing virtue was Lit and hie sight restored to all its former tre'ngth and clearness. His account of the ure is most interesting, and fairly shames ll doubt or suspicion out of countenance. And the very charm of his book is that it carries with it the most convincing assurance its truth and candour. To prove completeness of the cure, he sat and, in an inward transport of religious joy, he read 104 pages of small print in a pamphlet which had been sent from Lourdes along with the jar, giving an account of the cures which had been effected. If Mr. Marcus Clarke, and the Rev. 0. E Drought, and some other Protestant and duly scriptural sceptics, would read M. assere's "Ninth book" (chapter), inserting the names of Monsieur and Madame de Freycinet in the blanks which M. Lassere left open for them, these sceptics might learn a valuable lesson in the art of combining simplicity of statement with elegance of diction, and reality of fact with veracity of relation. Every Catholic who reads M. Lassere's book will enjoy the description he gives of the children's conferences and connotations over the Apparition—what it was —and how they bad best deal with it. How full of the spirit of Catholicity their young hearts must have been. How deep such teachings as they had imbibed must have sunk into theirr ustic minds. " We will get some holy water, and go back to the grotto, and we will kneel down and pray, and, if the Lady comes, you, Bernadette, shall carry the holy water; the thin g can't hurt us while we pray, and then, Bernadette, you shall fling the holy water and say, ' if you come from God, approach; if you come from Satan, depart.' " So these half- dozen of mountain-reared peasant children settled their programme of exorcism with as much theological exactness as a college of professors. What Protestant children would ever have dreamed of such a plan, or risen above the idea that it was a ghost, and kept a? far from the ghost as they could. When the biblo made Protestant sceptics begin to dilste, in their best superfine oratory, s about the dying out of the "miraculous F creeds," let them be at least honest enough, L if their scriptural scepticism will suffer them t to be so honest, as to declare openly that they t don't include the Catholic faith among the dying beliefs; but only the "Protestant Churches'' and their suicidal creeds. Poor Mr. Marcus Clarke didn't know the peasant children of the Hautes Pyrenees, no more than he knew the peasant children of the Basses B If he Pyrenees or of the county of Mayo. did, his manly English heart should have impelled him to say distinctly, " I exclude the Romish Church beliefs from the list of dying miraculous creeds." Let us forget the honourable-minded sceptics who live on scientific moonshine and on lying telegrams from " the Vatican," and return to the children of Lourdes. They had promised to be back in good time for Vespers on the evening of that first Sunday in Lent, 1858, and they kept their promise. It was a soft, mild evening, more like a summer evening than so early in spring, and after Vespers, as the congregations came out of church, they lingered in the street and sauntered in the lovely sunset. The children's story of their visit to the. grotto attracted general attention, and groups formed around the young pilgrims to the niche, and the " Lady" became the theme of the town's discourse. Bernadette' s father and mother, however, did_ not believe in the Lady, but thought and said it was all a child's fancy. On Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday the house of the Soubirous* was visited by many inquirers, and, among others, by a Madame Millet, a woman of the better educated elass, and by Antoinette Peyret, a member of the Society of the Children of Mary. The question arose among the o t L comers to Soubiroua' whether the apparition was an angel from heaven, or a spirit of darkness disguised as a visitant from the ikies, or whether it was a soul from purgatory asking for masses and prayers. It was; agreed that Madame Millet and Antoinette Peyret should go with Bernadette next morning (Thursday) to the grotto, and take paper, ink, and pen with them, and request " ttie Lady" to write what she wanted on the paper, and who she was. Next taorning Bernadette attended first mass at'half-past five, and at six, just as the matte Angelus was ringing, she proceeded towards the grotto, accompanied byMadaine'Miilrt and Antoinette Peyret. On entering the Chalet island, or long, narrow pieoe of ground between the river Gave and the mill'stream, they found that they could not oroas to the grotto, for Mr. Laffitte's mill wheel had been repaired, and the water turned on. The mill stream was full, and they were obliged to go back into the town and take the track up the mountain, and so a mile round book of the grotto, and then climb down by a very steep and dangerous path, to arrive at the cave. Bernadette observed that her asthma seemed no hindrance to her in ascending the hill called the Espelunges. She felt as if supported and carried on by an invisible hand, and reached the grotto a few minutes before her young and healthy companions, who were greatly heated, and almost exhausted by their exertions in clambering down the cliff. When they entered the grotto, they found Bernadette looking with fixed eyes upwards at the niche. Her face was as if transfigured in an ecstasy, or inward rapture. " She is there! She iR there she said, " and she is making signs to me to come nearer to her." " Ask her," said Antoinette, "if she is angry at our comma;? If she is, we will retire." Bernadette looked up and listened for a moment, and then said, " No, she is not displeased; you may remain." Both of them then knelt down beside her and lighted a wax candle, and, in lighting that wax candle, the act, so simple in itself, seemed a solemnity which turned the grotto into a sanctuary from which light Bhould never again cease to shine and beam forth into all lands, and bring hundreds of thousands of votaries to carry on what was thus begun in the early dawn by a young girl of fourteen and two countrywomen. Having lit the wax taper, they then said to Bernadette, " Give her the paper, and ask her to write her wishes." Bernadette took the paper, and advanced towards the apparition, which drew back as Bernadette approached, and disappeared for an instant, but again reappeared higher up in the grotto. Bernadette, holding the paper, was followed by Madame Millet and Antoinette, who were desirous of hearing the lady speak, but, without turning round, Bernadette made them a sign that they were not to advance. Then, raising herself on tiptoe to reach the niche, she held up the paper and ink. Smiling with the most loving sweetness at the child's artlessness, the Holy Virgin said, "There is no need for me to write what I have to say to you. It is that you will do me the favour to come here every day for fifteen days." "I promise you I will," said Bernadette ; and, as if smiling with motherly fondness on the willing child, she answered, " And I promise you to make you happy—not in this world, but in the next." Bernadette then moved backwards towards her two companions, keeping her eyes still fixed upon the celestial visitant. On. reaching them she said, " She is looking on us. She is looking on you, Antoinette, with pleasure." Antoinette's heart throbbed with delight, and has never ceased to dwell on the scene. Ask her," said Madame Millet, " if we may come here with you during the 15 days." Bernadette put the question, and " the Lady" replied, "They may come with you, and others also. I desire to see many persons here." Having thus Bpoken, the apparition disappeared, leaving behind her that luminous white cloud which surrounded her all the time, and which slowly vanished from ight also. That Thursday was 18th ebruary, 1858, and was market day in ourdes, and, as Madame Millet and Antoinette, as well as Bernadette, had been to grotto, the tidings of what took place was soon known all over the town. Hundreds people came to speak to Bernadette, and same night the interviews of the little girl with the apparition was the theme of all tongues, as far as St. Pe, Tarbes, Angerez, and even as far as Pau, a circuit of 25 miles round, for the market was numerously attended. On Friday morning more than 100 persons were already at the grotto when Bernadette came to it. On Saturday morning no less than 500 awaited her coming. All classes were alive to the event, and the voice of all agreed in saying it must be the Holy Virgin. All they could see was the wonderful change that came over Bernadette's face when gazing on the vision. Her eyes fixed, her features transformed, radiant, happy. But some Bceptios were in Lourdes as well as in Melbourne. The editor of the " Lavedan," the Lourdes -Age, with a dash of the " Le Petite Journal" in it. Very " advanced," and scientific, and fraternal and equal, and all that sort of thing, and Bernadette's apparition was, of course, cerebral derangement arising from dyspepsia. One fact worth a thousand other sort of facts is this fact, namely, that a freethought journal always begins with a lie. How laughable it is that your freethought and high class philosophs are the lowest of all liars. In what journals do you find the lying telegrams from '' the Vatican ?" Bless us, how some people do rise in this world and become able to keep their paid liar in "the Vatican," no else, to send lying telegrams onoe a week. The Lavedan Ar— no: the Lavedan Age [for the Argus, as a high principled Conservative organ, would scorn the ruffian taotics of falsified telegrams], the Lavedan Beacon, of Truth, when it found the apparition the talk of the whole valley, proceeded to give an editorial account of it, and began by stating, that three young girls,, in the humblest rank. of life, had gone out to steal wood, and being caught in the fact, ran to hide in the grotto of Massabielle, and there made up the story, &c.;, &e.; The event had now attained to such a height of notoriety that Dr. Dozons, Monsieur DnfcAir, barrister, Monsieur Pougat, president of the tribunal, and others, determined to investigate the whole affair. Only the clergy of Lourdes kept silent, though the most watchful of all. Having been brought _up at Bartrea, the' priests of Lourdes did not know Bernadette. She had now been only 16 days in the town, and had gone with other children to the catechism class of Father Pomian, dean of the parish church. But he had taken nopartioular notice of her among the crowd. The parish priest, Abbe Peyraxnale, had never seen the child. He was a oleric of austere morals, somewhat severe in his preaching, but held in the highest reverence as an excellent pastor, and very kind at heart. The Lavedan Gazette acknowledged that he was one of the best of men "in spite of his cloth." "Let us remain quite," he said, "until the right moment; God will point it out to us." The attorney-general, the police magistrate, the mayor, the editor of the Lavedan paper were indignant at the priests for not putting the intrigue down off-hand. " It is a pitiful intrigue," said Mr. Jacomet, the smart, young inspector of police; " there are no miracles in the nineteenth century"—just as if he were a Melbourne Protestant sceptic. The week passed in great excitement. Sunday, 21st February, came. Before the sun had risen an immense multitude of several thousands had assembled to see Bernadette go to the grotto. The crowd spread over the Chalet isle, the banks of the Gave, and the meadows. After first Mass she appeared, followed by her father, and wearing her white capukt; otherwise she was very poorly dressed. The crowd made way for her, and she passed on in the most composed and unembarrassed manner, as if she were alone. All eyes were on her as she came to the grotto, where she knelt down opposite the niche. A moment, and the transfiguration of her countenance had come. She was in an ecstasy. Her face grew pale. She looked like an image of white marble. Her mouth was half open, as if she was gasping with admiration Her eyes were fixed in a sublime contemplation, as if she was looking at something grand and beautiful with an expression of sacred joy; and, although no eye but her own beheld that loveliest of forms in the niche, yet all around seemed to feel that something holy was there. The candle which Bernadette held in her hand went out after she had knelt a few moments, and, without removing her eyes from the niche, she held the taper out for someone to re-light it. At this moment a man lifted his stick as if to touch the wild rose that grew along the edge of the niche, when she made a quick motion with her hand to prevent the man from doing what she felt to be a profanation. "I was terrified," she said, afterwards, "lest the stick should touch the Lady." And now the moment for science to take up the case had come. Dr. Dozons therefore advanced to her side. " This will be catalepsy," he said to himself. " Pulse will be 90. She will soon sink on the ground." The doctor took hold of her arm. She offered no resistance. He held her wrist as long as he liked. There was nohot throb; no feverish heat; no flush ; no muscular convulsion. Her pulse was in its normal state. She was calm as a statue. " No," said Dr. Dozons, to himself, letting go her arm—"no; there's no catalepsy." Just then "the Lady" moved from her position to the higher opening, and seemed to look forth upon the crowd, and away, as if gazing over the whole earth. Seeing a shade, aB of sorrow, come over her face, Bernadette asked, "What is the matter with you ? What is to be done ?" To which the Lady replied, " Oh, pray for sinners j" She spoke with so much sadness in her voice, and so much sorrow in her countenance, that Bernadette's eyes filled with tears, and, seeing this, with a look of melting sweetness she looked for an instant on the child, and disappeared. After Mass that day all Lourdes was out of doors and in commotion about the scene at the grotto that morning. After Vespers, Bernadette waseomingout of church in her usual silent way, but every one crowded around her, asking her a hundred questions, and, as soon as she escaped from one set of questioners, another pressed round her. Bernadette, instead of being gratified by this popular demonstration in her favour, was greatly distressed by it, and wished to escape from it and get home. As she was replying to some fresh cross-examiners, a sergeant of police slowly made his way through the throng, and, coming behind Bernadette, tapped her on the shoulder, and said, " I arrest you in the name of the law." What do you want with me ?" she "I have orders to arrest you, and take you with me." " And where P" Bhe inquired. " To the commissary of police; follow me." A loud murmur of disapprobation arose among the people, which sounded threateningly at this display of authority. " When the clergy don't put a stop to this imposture, the police must," said Mr. Jacomet, the inspector, who was so clever in handling rogues; but like many police officers, was very bad at dealing with simple, honest folks. He was deep, sharp, and cunning, and cunningly, as he thought, he went to work with Bernadette and her Apparition. When brought into his house, he glanced at her with his keen, dark eyes, and made up his mind how to proceed. A Hamming the most fatherly look, he kindly told her to be seated, and then, with the most friendly tone, addressed her. " And so, my little maid, you have been in the habit of seeing a very beautiful lady in the Grotto of Massabielle; tell me all about it, my ahild." Thus encouraged, she proceeded to describe her interviews with the Apparition; Mr. Jacomet taking notes on paper which lay before him on a table, asking her a thousand questions, and writing down all her replies. This occupied more than half an hour, during which time the crowd in the : street before the house became olamorous, and cries and shouts declared the indignation of the people at the apprehension of the .Ail* At last, after Mr. Jacomet had taken down everything,"throwing off the maik of irinJnmi, he suddenly put on an angry face, and, speaking furiously, he started up, and clenching his hand before her face, he exclaimed, "Now, you thundering litfla liar—now I have you. You are deceiving everyone with your story; come, coa&u;$he whole fraud, or I will nave you Itifi^geiof the polioe." The little girl was wholly, astonished at the unaccountable change in his manner, but preserved her usual calm demeanour. For another half hoar he tortured her with attempts to make her con-. tradiot herself, but in vain. Then a great movement was heard in the crowd, and a man now came running to the door of Mr. Jacomet's house, at which he knocked and kicked violently, as if he would break it in. After allowing him to strike at and shake the door for some time, Mr. Jacomet himself opened it, and demanded to know what the assailant wanted. '' I want my daughter," was the reply, and, so saying, Bernadette's father pushed into the room in spite of Mr. Jacomet's opposition. Bernadette's calm face and quiet manner soothed down her father's excitement, and he took her by the hand to lead her away. Mr. Jacomet did not hinder their departure, but threatened to send both father and daughter to gaol if she went to the grotto again. Mr. Jacomet felt mortified and baffled. He had used all his craft to perplex the child and make her contradict herself in her story about the apparition, but all in vain. The " knowing" commissary of police was completely foiled and beaten by the truth and simplicity of a little rustic girl of 14. On reaching home, Mr. and Mrs. Soubirous' both thought it advisable not to provoke Mr. Jacomet any further, and it was settled that Bernadette should go to school next morning to the Little Sisters, and not go to the grotto. This grieved Bernadette sorely, and led her to explain to her parents that, after the first day, on all the other five days she had not gone quite of her own accord, but had been, as it were, drawn or driven by some inward impulse or some invisible power which she could not resist, and, besides, she had promised " the Lady" to meet her for 15 days. But her father would not consent to her going, and Bernadette, in great distress of mind, retired to bed. Next morning, before sunrise, a large crowd had collected in the Chalet island to see her come, but she came not. She went to school, and the Sisters who had charge of it, and who disbelieved her statements, treated her to some severe words. Her schoolfellows also made fun of "the Lady," and, when she went out with the rest to the play-ground, many neighbours taunted and sharply reproached her for her "tricks." Her being "taken up " by the sergeant yesterday evening had caused many to regard her as an artful deceiver. At noon, when the school children returned homewards for dinner, as the midday Angelas was still ringing, Bernadette, in deep distress at having been compelled to fail in meeting "the Lady," was going down the street, when, all at once, as if carried away by some unseen, but irresistible arm that encircled her, instead of going on home, she was led away in the direction of the grotto. There was no harshness or roughness in the power that impelled her, but she could not withstand it, and, like a fallen leaf whirled by the wind, she proceeded by the path to Massabielle. he could not even walk, but was obliged to un, as if under the eontrol of a superior orce ; and, as she went, her inward joy eturned at the thought of seeing " the ady" again. Many saints have experinced similar compulsions, as St. Rose of ima, and St. Joseph of Cupertino. The reat saint of the Old Testament, Elijah, xperienced it when he was enabled on foot o keep ahead of Ahab's chariot at full allop on the return from Mount Carmel. ut, as she oame near the grotto, this onstraining power left her, and she was eft to finish the walk by herself. A great any people had lingered about all the orenoon in their curiosity to Bee her, and thers who had come to pray. Many also, who had seen her going towards the rocks ad run to the spot. As usual, she knelt down and began to pray. On all former occasions her face had been irradiated, lighted up by the reflection of the bright halo or cloud of light which surrounded the apparition. This light fell on the face, and gave it that illuminated appearance which so many had seen. To-day, 22nd February, 1858, she prayed with ber eyes turned towards the niche. Several people, in their eagerness to see her illumined features, had' pushed aside the sweet briar or wild rose branches that hung down by the side of the( grotto, and stood close to her. At length she roBe. She was weeping. The Lady had not; come. And after what she had suffered on" the Sunday evening, and at school that forenoon, her soul was full of bitterness. She told the people that the Lady had not come,, and many of them then declared that it waa all a cheat, and that Mr. Jaoomet was right!' But if the girl was animpoBtor, how easy was it for her to say the Lady is there, and so up-" hold the cheat. As the people left the scene) they carried with them the news to all parts o£ the town that the apparition had not showed' itself that day, and the tide of public opinion was setting in against poor Bernadette; Mr. ' Jacomet, also, soon heard how his threats of yesterday had been disregarded, and he ordered FranciB Soubirous and Bernadette to come before him. The girl had explained to her father how she was, as it were, drawn away in spite of herself to the grotto. Mr. Jaoomet fiercely acoused. them of breaking their promise, but Mr. Soubirous replied that his daughter never had told him a lie in het life, ana if Gk>d, or the Holy Virgin, or aomd saint called her to go to the grotto, it would be a sin to preymt hsr; and if you, Jaoomet, will put yourself injmy place) i * would you doP " WeB L but there is no_i "But, monsieur," said she, "IhavepTOmised the Lady to go there every dayfor fifteen days." "Bufcthat is all stuff," said he, quite exasperated; " 1 nill-pni' ^ whole of yarn ifi gaol if yon excite any more ibobs with yotir humbug." " But I only f/i> there to 1 pray;by iflyself, -monsieur," said Bernadette; " I do not ask anyone to' go with me. I do not wish anyone to go; if : anyone goes I can't help it, and some hate said it is the Blessed Tirgin; bftt as for me I do riot know what j*. is." The smartest police officer in the' Hftutes Pyrenees, his cunning, his acuteness, his questions, his show of Wrath, were all powerless before the perfect simplicity of the B,ttle shepherdess. He stamped his foot in rag£, and told them to go about their business, and prepare very soon to find themselves in prison. As soon as they were gone, he set off to the procureur, his immediate superior, with the object of instigating him to issue an order forbidding the assembling of crowds at Massabielle. But the attorney-general of Lourdes was a timid man, and could not find any law in the Code Napoleon to meet the case, for Bernadette had made no money by the apparition, nor contradicted herself in her statements about it, and could not therefore be prosecuted under the article of "False News." Besides, said the procureur, the Catholic Church recogniscs the principle of apparitions, an! we must proceed with care. Ho order was therefore issued. Mr. Jacomet, as an energetic police inspector, was quite disgusted—1st, that there should be any mob nuisance in his district: 2nd, ho was more disgusted that it should be both a mob and a miraculous nuisance. He wished to "stamp out" this doubly disgusting nuisance at once. Having failed in his own individual attempt to do so, he sought to bring the heavier foot of his immediate superior, the procurcur, down upon it. But tho procurcur, after a while, referred it to the sub-prefect of the department, and then to the prefect, and then to the secretary of state at Paris, and then to the emperor himself, Napoleon III., thus widening its circle at every ascent, until not only the Government, but all France, was in a state of commotion about the lowly shepherdess of Bartres, and what she saw in the rocky cave in the Massabielle. Votaries flocked to the scene from all quarters of France, Spain, Italy, and Germany. Within one year from the day of the first appearance, nearly 200,000 pilgrims had approached the new Banctuary. Lords and ladies of all ranks came to pay their homage to the Immaculate Conception at her latest altar. Royal dukes and their retinues bowed at her shrine. One wealthy personage offered the Soubirous to adopt Bernadette and settle 100,000 francs (£4000) on her parents M a pension for life. A splendid church was erected, at a cost of nearly £50,000, on the rock over the Grotto of Massabielle, in honour of the wonderful manifestation. So that every effort set on foot by Mr. Jacomet and Mr. Dufour, and the secretary of state, to extinguish the "nuisance" of the apparition only blazoned it the more widely, until it filled the whole Catholic world, thus proving to the full satisfaction of historian Froude and all our Melbourne sceptics and Protestant athiests that in the Catholic Church all belief in the miraculous was dead and nearly buried 22 years ago. 26th April, 1880. (To be concluded nest week.J Detxnkeknesb is much on the increase in Italy, and a movement is on foot to obtain fiom the legislature an act putting an end to the free trade in public- houses City Council.—A Government circular was read at the meeting of the City Council on Monday, calling attention to the unemployed agitation, and asking the Corporation to take into consideration the question of affording some relief to those out of work. The circular was referred to the Works Committee. The request of the committee of the Juvenile Exhibition for a refund of part of the amount paid by them for rent of the lower portion of the new Eastern Market, was unfavorably reported upon by the Market Committee. The Exhibition Committee had addressed to the members of the Council a communication setting forth the objects for which the Exhibition was carried out, and the position in which the committee now find themselves placed. The anticipated deficit is about £400, and this sum will have to be made up by the gentlemen who hare been giving their time and services gratuitously for more than 18 months. Very little outside assistance was received, the donations (exclusive of the Government grant) having only amounted to £170, whilst the expenditure was swelled by items which were unforeseen. The rent paid to the City Colineft for the use of the market was £1000, and the Exhibition Committee ask that the sum of £250 be refunded to them to assist in wEeving them from their difficulties. The lapsing of the Market Committee's report I»res the matter open for further action. 