Cave Adullani. « CABLEGRAM. From— Ben. Beaconsfisld, Esq., Downing-street, London, To— Mr. Cave Adullam, literary Fossil, Newcastle, N.S.W. i There has been a dreadful row in both 'Ouses of Parliament, old man, when they found out that the late Afghan blunder cost twenty millions, and is likely to cost as much more before it is done with. When CHABLEY DILKE used to be always worrying round about the shameful , expense to the country and so forth, that this scientific frontier business was costing England, to choke him off with words, Horatio, mere words, but now he and his cronies have the run of the Counting House, Kitchen, and Treasury themselves, all the fat is in the •fire. " There was some fearful growling from the . Old British Lion, when be was told by the Chancellor of the Exchequer that he thought he had beard somebody say that it bad been hinted by a party who knew a man whose wife used to sweep out the Circumlocution Office that it would cost about seven millions, but, my word, now it has oozed out that it has cost twenty millions, you can hear him roaring all over the land 1 1 was seized with a sudden attack of gout and couldn't go down to the Lords, but I am told GBANVILLE went in a docker! As for WILLIAM the WOODCHOPPEB, he let out worse than he did when he was stumping the country from Midlothian to Mile End ! The way that man does go on is contrary to all known, principles of political humbug—I mean economy. Why, he is capsizing all the beautiful gingerbread Imperial Chateaux d'Espagne that SAUSBUBY and I have been building for these last seven years. The August Lady is awfully cut up. As she graciously observed when 1 went down to Windsor the other day to introduce my "crutch" (as they used to call LORD MONTAGUE COBBY when he was my private Secretary) to her august notice, "DIZZY, something really must be done to stop that man's tongue. I don't know what to do. He is so deadly polite and precise when he appears before me on business, for me to sign death warrants, blank cheques, and contributions to Benevolent Institutions; mat I ;am obliged to.' be civil to him, but I most say, Dizzy, that he' has not that gentle, winning, debonair yet strictly respectfnl attitude when he blots up the writiag after I have signed my name, as you had, DIZZY ! Ah, those were indeedthe happy, happy days of yore."—I must confess, my dear CAVE, that I" felt quite ;mm«nngd (or rather unpremiered) as this delicate compliment fell from the Augustlips. The A. L. then proceeded, ; "You see, DIZZY, something must be done with LEOPOLD ; he is now 27 years of age, and is hardly earning a penny for himself, and doesn't seem likely. ' He hasn't got the cheek—bless me, I mean the consciousness of worth that, AXBEET EDWARD and AT.FBED have, and I am afraid if I •don't get him ran in—I 'mean 'married, he wiU be doing some foolish thing or other, or ;be led astray. As to getting him into one of the Royal Continental Families, I don't see the ghost of a chance; things are all at sixes or sevens, and' they think more of laying out money on powder, shot, and torpedoes, than on princesses'dowries, so I had begun seriously to think about Miss MATOABD for him. With her £30,000 a year, her good looks end her magnificent carriage, she would .pass muster very; well fit Court) with me, when" BEATfctt is looking up the quarterly wash. But then, you see, DIZZT, there's two things to contend against, his two big brothers and that hionid Parliament. How if you had been as you used to was, always at my right' hand as my faithful counsellor, you could have managed the lo$. As it is is he comes under the Royal Marriage Act, and must have the consent of Parliament first. Well, you see, DIZZT, I can't tell that precise WILLIAM all these things., When I speak to JOHN BROWN about them, all he says is, 'Eh, my ladie, canna' ye Bpeer wi' DIZZT, to waurk the oracle ? If he canna' do it, de'il the mon there is in all braw Scotland or England either th^can. 1 But you see, DIZZY, after the fifth glass of whiskey, he appear* to forget you haveresigned, andjtalks wildly about 'The Braes o' Balmoral,' and all such nonsense as that. So you see, DIZZY, how much Imiss you. 4 ' J Of course, CAVE, I felt deeply touched, and bowed 1 till I could hardly pull myself up again. 