OUB CITY LETTER. \-- . - [From our own correspondent.} > < - Adelaide, September 22,1880. The Chinese bad the whole afternoon to themselves in the Legislative Council jester day on the occasion of the second reading of" Mr. Bray's Bill tor regulating the immigra tion of Chinese. Most of the speeches made were dead against the Bill. Some wereclull, some were practical, and some as were fitting weret( flo werythat of Mr. Tsa-lton was the latter. ■ He said a great deal about tins vast wealthj continent, and something about the earth and the fullness {thereof belonging to the Lord. Though what the last sentiment had to do with the Chinese question I could scarcely understand. Bat he made some very just and strong observations against the spirit of the measure, and caused some amusement by suggesting to its supporters the adoption of certain anti-Chinese regulations in force in Oregon, which are—let, Every Chinaman dying in the State shall pay ten dollars'for permission to do so ; 2nd, Every dead China man shall be buried six feet deep; 3rd, No Chinaman shall dig up another dead China man's bones without a licence 5 4th, No dead Chinaman shall dig up his own bones with out a licence; 5th, No Chinaman in Oregon shall have any bones without a licence. The penalty in each case being fixed at 100 dollars. Xhqre was a general: agreement that perhaps the time would come, when special regulations for Chinese immigration might be necessary; but the general opinion was that the Bill pro posed was not a good Bill. Mr. Fisher (Jailed it "unchristian," and it was ignommo'usly turned out. The question is undoubtedly a difficult; one, and the diversity of opinion which was expressed as to the best means of regu lating fcheyellow immigration by the members who spoke yesterday clearly ; showed- that when the time comes here when it wfll have to bejEaced it will give rise to miicli debate. I fully agree with those who think that in tfae meantime all that is wanted to prevent ©tiy Chinese ^who may come, here becoming s nui sance is to better enforce the Lodging House Act and the regulations of-ths Board of -Health. The Assembly on Tuesday-four the most part gave up their time to the Northern "Territory Customs Bill and the Sugar Culti vation BilL The tariff of duties asproposed by r'the Qovernment was with some slight modifications agreed to by me House, and jthe Billwas reported. VViiat mil bedone withit bythe Council remains to be seen, but they are not likely to ■ reject it. The_Sngar .Culti vation Bill, which proposes to give certain grants of laridto theDe Lissa Company, and other - firmB - who propose to grow sugar in the Territoiy, was considered in committee, and V good progress , was made: - The Sill excited a good deal of opposition, especially strange to say from Mr.Boss, who formerly was anxious to pre away large tracts , of country in tlie Territory to * company of railway speculators who were desirous of con structing a railway across the c6ntment. Novr both Mr. Jioas and Mr. Bray hare pre sumedly seek the error of their, ways^apd they yesterday ishowed anything but favprlo the idea , of granting Messrs. Spence and Owston 20,000 acres of land for sugar culti vation, and desired to reduce tihe amount to 10,000 sixes. Their amendment with this end was only lost by one vote. Mr. Bray was more successful, however, in effecting an alteration in the Governmeht proposal that the holders ofthe land should hare six years in which to carry out the condition of expen diture on sugar cultivation, and his suggestion fchat4&ey; should be compelled to cultivate 200 acres- within three years seems reasonable enough. . They will no doubt have great diffi culties to contend with in getting labor, and the land'although alluvial will have to be carefully prepared; but if t&e; .planters are in earnest they ought to beNable to oomply with the condition. < '• ~ Some feors are begmuig -to be entertained that ttie hew Water Tower at the Semaphore, which is now almost gonipleted, and which has cost a larger sum o| V^6riey than I like to fchiwlf of; is going to tain jpnt another Govern ment folly, As view^Vffom a little distance there -can be- no doubt it appears to be de cidedly out of Jibe prepeqdiciilar, the top being seemliigly about two feet out of the proper line. Officialdom suggests that the appearance produced] is entirely optical, and is caused by the scaffolding pc>les. Any one acquainted with building knows that it is not Modjiriamon if the. scaifoldjflg round a tower •has listad that from certain points of view, thebnilding 'itself appears to to leaning, and itiseincerely to be hoped such, may prove to be thecase with the Semaphore Tower. Some equod, practical authorities, Jhowever, on whatgrounds, Iknownot, state confidently thajtthe sand atihe, base of the foundation hks givfen way, and that the tower has really annfc. If this be eo the' rislt of placing the hetny 'water tanks onthe top of Rebuilding: would .be too great to be contemplated. If thte tanks cannot be placed on the tower what is to be done with it ? Is it to xemaiq.to become in future yean a picturesque, ruin or what 9 It might do as the station for a beacon to tie lighfcedtogive warning of the approach o| the cojnfiig enemy, for whose benefit the big gtiiiajmllfo forte hard by have been pro Tided. u^aStair, however, is one requiring investigation, and t hope to hear come ques tion asked about it in Parliament. The Sorata still remain a fixture on the rooks where ehe struck. Atthope of getting her off, at any rate for the present, seems to be at end; but happily there does jiot seem any-prospect of her breaking up at presenW There seems to be some idea that the Com-, pany intend to sent out experienced engineers from England to superintend the raising of the Vessel, or at the worst if this cannot be done, the removal of her engines, which are of the finest construction and very -valuable: Thepreliminaryinquiry into the c&us;$ of the wreck, conducted by the Secretary of the "jwyinfl Board, concluded to-day. ibrhoiig the witnesses, examined have been the chief and third officers and the chief engineer. No decision has of course been given. Adelaide is going euxf<ete on Friday on the occasion of the visit of Sir Hercules Robinson and Lady Hobinson, who are now on their way to the Cape, where he ■will assume the Teins of Government. There is to he something approaching very nearly to a public holiday, and the banks and offices will close. To my mind this, with all due respect for the new Governor of South Africa, is somewhat of an absurdity. Sir Hercules is to be the guest of the Governor, and is expected to attend the races on Friday and- -the hunt on Saturday*; It is now somewhat <3oubtful, I am tola, whether Hi« Excellency ourGovernor will be able to be present on either occasion, as he has heen fsr fromwell daring the week, Mr.' Ketten is the sensation of the hour. He is drawing immense crowds to the Town Hall ateach of his recitals. His playing _ is something absolutely marvellous. No descrip tion can' give any adequate idea of it. A familiar piece wnen played by him seems totally different. Beauties wholly unsuspected are revealed. It is not only that his execution is extraordinary, for that it unquestionably is, but it isthem&rrellous; tone and expression which he gives the music which is so striking. Garner's Theatre is being prepared forthe fit ting up of the apparatus to exhibit Professor Peppers famous opticalghost Olusionwhicli has often blfen attempted in a sort of way Tn the colony, but never really properly shown. It is a really very beautiful, illusion and requires skill not only on the part of the manipulators but of the performer who has to act with the ghost. I well remember the crowds that thronged the theatre at the Polytechnic when it was first produced there, and I doubt/ not it will prove a gfeat attraction here. A curious error has crept into the new edi txon of Gordon's poems, which has recently been published by Messrs. Massina & Co., of Melbourne, and will be valued by the many who admire that true poet's writings; the mistake is that at the end of the volume - are published two points—" To my Sister" and "A Voice from the Bush"—both stated to be never before printed, and to be by Gordon. Both, however, have seen the light. The former several years ago, I am informed, was printed in the Advertiser; the latter, winch is by far the better, appeared in the " Echoes from the Bush" in the Register so far hack as 1871\. The poem was extensively copied into various Australian journals, but it-is denied on the authority of the late Mr. JohnTIoward Clark that Gordon was the writer, and as ie conducted the " Echoes" at that time himself he of course ought to know. It appears they are from the pen of Mr. W.. M. Morris, at the time Aide-de-camp to Sir James Fergus son. September 23. The foundation etone of that much nceied institution, the Home for Incurables at Pul larton, was laid by liady Jervois yesterday in the presence of a considerable number -of spectators. His Excellency the Governor was to have performed the ceremony, but was unable to attend in consequence ot illness. ■Lady Jervois acquitted herself very well, but. did not speak, her son Lieutenant Jervois performing that part of the ceremony for her. Speeches were also delivered by the Chief . Justice and Dr. Gfosse, the Chairman of the ■ Committee. I have been somewhat exercised in mind by observing that one of the dailies states that die military band was present and performed appropriate pieces of music. I ; have no doubt they played some good music < very fairly, but -even now I cannot remember more than one piece-of music peculiarly ap propriate to the not tery cheerful occasion of die ceremony of laying the foundation stone for a Home lor Incurahleg. The one I mean is the "JDe £?i$fdndis," and sorely that was Hot performed by the band. The second reading «f Mr. Bray's Bill for the extension of the jurisdiction of the Local Courts was moved in the Assembly yesterday. Mr. Bray briefly explained that the* Bill pro posed to give Local' Courts jurisdiction in personal actions involving sums up to £500, full powers of appeal being reserved: Cases for the recovery of tenements whose rental does not exceed the annual value of £100, and actions of ejectment when the land is not of-greater value than £560 may be determined in Local Courts. In certain places also Local Courts of Insolvency, inay be created." The Bill seems to me a step in the right direction, and I shall hope to see it carried. - Yesterday Mr. West-Erskine made another effort 'to induce the Assembly to agree to an inspection of all stock crossing the border of the colony, and that the fees for inspection rfmiild be paid by the Government to the owners, bnt the Houb6 would not Bee it. The Bubject is too important a one to be dealt with hap-hazard, and I am not surprised Mr. W«st-ErsUhe,s motion was lost by a large majority. 