THE HAUNTED GRANGE BY "E. A. C." CHAPTER XIV. (Continued.) "Are you strong enough to bear all this excitement ?" he asked, gently, as he caught Isabel's glance. "Would you prefer the ceremony taking place elsewhere ?" "No," was the reply, as she laid her wasted hand in his ; "I have so longed for this hour, only"— and she motioned to him to bend nearer, so that Violet might not catch the whispered words— "do not delay longer than is actually needful." Eustace started as the real meaning of those few last words broke upon him ; he looked down on the beautiful, wan face, that smiled so peacefully in his, and a sorrowful expression clouded the kind blue eyes. "Is it indeed so, Isabel ?" he said ; "it will be a sad wedding for both Violet and I." "Do not let her know how close the hour is," she murmured ; "and, Eustace, do not let the thought sadden your happiness ; think only of me as at rest, with my dear ones, in my Saviour's loving arms." A few more moments, and the solemn words had been pronounced that bound Eustace Willoughby and Violet Grey together while life should last, and, as the young officer drew his newly-made wife towards him, it seemed as though life could offer him no more exquisite gift than the knowledge that Violet was, in very truth, his own. The soft light of the harvest-moon looked down that evening on a very different scene— on that of a quiet form with closed eyes, and a smile of more than earthly beauty resting on the pale face. Isabel St. John, had passed through the "golden gates" into "that city whose builder and maker is God." Eustace Willoughby carried his bride away from the Grange directly the funeral had taken place. He had no wish that the past sad scenes in his life should become the subject of general conversation, and it had therefore been simply announced that some papers had been found which proved that General Willoughby's son had been changed in his infancy for that of his cousin, and that, consequently, the real owner of the Grange was the man so long known as Captain Herbert St. John. The tidings, of course, became a nine days' wonder, but, as those most concerned in it had started on their wedding-tour before it became publicly known, they escaped the disagreeable notoriety which must otherwise have been their lot. They remained abroad some seven or eight months, revisiting Florence and many other of the beautiful Italian cities, and making their way home in a pleasant, desultory fashion, stopping here and there as fancy dictated. They had arrived at the Grange the day previous to that on which our story opens, and it was with a feeling of unfeigned delight that Violet once more found herself at home. "I suppose Mrs. Grey and the general will be here to-morrow, Violet," her husband said, as he stood with her at one of the windows opening on to the broad terrace which led down to the flower- garden, now brilliant with bright- hued blossoms. "I think so," she answered, raising her head from its resting- place on his shoulder ; "how pleasant it will be to meet them again, Herbert." She had never become accustomed to his first name of Eustace, and Captain Willoughby himself was glad to drop it. The very sound brought back recollections never willingly recalled, and which, for the time being, had power even to cast a shadow over his present happy life, and life, with Violet for his own, was brighter than he had pictured in his wildest dreams. The girl, whose gentle voice and tender care had haunted him in his hours of fevered delirium, proved as loving and true, as pure and unselfish, as real a "home-sunshine," as any wife could be ; and many a time, as Herbert Wil- loughby's eyes rested on the face he loved so well, he thought how truly Frank Annesley had spoken : "that he would, in days to come, have reason to bless what then seemed so bitter a trial." "Had poor Isabel never given me up," he thought, "we might have married, and then, too late, have found out how utterly unsuited we were to one another." "Do you remember, Violet," he said, after a short pause, "what I told you of that extraordinary appearance of the monk one night when I was in the library ?" Violet started. "You have not seen it again, Herbert ? Oh, I hope I shall never meet it !" She raised her sweet eyes beseechingly to her husband's face. "I am afraid I am very foolish, dear, but I do not feel very strong, and I think if I saw it the fright would half kill me." Herbert Willoughby drew her closer to him. "Do you think I would have brought you here, my darling, had I believed there was any danger of your running such a risk, Violet ?" he added, bending down and kissing her tenderly. "Do you not yet know how very dear you are to me ?" The girl glanced at him, the colour deepening, as she did so, in her hitherto pale face. "I might have trusted to your love, dear," she said, simply, as she rested her head again on his shoulder. Only a few words, but Herbert Willoughby needed no more to assure him of his wife's belief in his affection. "Will you come with me down to the cloisters ?" he asked, as he passed his hand lovingly over the golden hair, that shone and glittered in the rays of the setting sun. Cuthbert tells me that Wilson has something to say which may help to clear up the mystery of the monk's visits. You know the old soldier always declared tho whole thing a trick." They found poor Isabel's favourite brother, now Major Vernon, standing near the entrance to the cloisters, talking with Wilson. The latter saluted his master as Violet and he joined them. "I was telling the major, sir, that I thought, now Mrs. Willoughby and you had returned to settle at the Grange, it were better if I told something which has been weighing rather heavily the last few months upon my mind. I thought I was acting for the best, and I think so now— and, for the matter of that, I believe the major agrees with me." The soldier glanced, as he spoke, at Cuthbert, who nodded assent, an amused expression on his handsome face as he noticed Captain Willoughby's rather puzzled look at the soldier's apparently unconnected speech. "What is it, Wilson ?" his master in- quired. "I understood from Major Ver- non that you had gained some clue as to those extraordinary visits of the monk ?" "Certainly, captain," was the reply ; "and that is why I took the liberty of asking you to walk down here. Did it never strike you it might have been all a trick ?" "You asked me that long ago, Wilson," the answer was somewhat impatiently given. "I cannot keep Mrs. Willoughby standing here if you have nothing more important to say." "I beg your pardon, sir," the soldier answered, a strange hesitation perceptible in his usual frank manner ; "the fact is, I want to tell the whole truth, and yet I do not know how to begin my story." "If you can in any way clear up the mystery, Wilson, I shall be truly glad, for, though I am no believer in supernatural appearances, I own I am at a loss to account for that figure, or how it came and went in the way it usually did." Wilson's hesitation seemed, strangely enough, to increase as his master spoke, and his weather-beaten face wore so downcast and uncomfortable an expression as he glanced, first at Captain Willoughby and then at Cuthbert, as if entreating some help from the latter, that Majer Vernon, losing the gravity he had up to this time main- tained with some difficulty, broke into a fit of laughter as he said : "You make a splendid actor, Wilson ; but you tell a story infamously." "An actor !" Herbert Willoughby ex- claimed, a sudden light breaking in upon his mind as to who the monk had been. "Wilson, it is not possible ?" "Yes, sir," the soldier answered, his old, frank manner returning now the first diffi- culty of telling his story was over. "I acted the part of Randolph de Clairvaulx." He paused, for his master's face wore an ex- pression the man had never before seen on it— such a stern, indignant look, that it surprised Major Vernon, and made Wilson hang down his head with a feeling of bitter shame. "Wilson," Captain Willoughby at last said— and in the silent evening air the words fell with a startling clearness on the ears of the attentive listeners— "had anyone but yourself told me what you have just owned, I would not have credited the tale. I thought you honourable and upright, loving my father and all of his race as well as you loved yourself. I trusted and con- fided in you, not as a servant, but as the man who had twice saved my father's life and whom I believed to be as true as steel. I find the very opposite to be the truth. For months past you have acted the part of a dishonourable, unscrupulous coward, playing upon the superstitious fears of one who, though your suspicions of him have, unfortunately, proved correct, should yet, from his ill-health, have been safe from your cruel revenge. I have no wish to hear how you managed your unmanly masquerade ; the fact of your having acted suoh a part is amply sufficient." He turned indignantly away as he finished speaking. "Come, Violet," he added ; "you must be tired, I fear, standing here so long a time." But for once the girl did not seem to hear the voice she loved so well ; she was looking at Wilson, her blue eyes dimmed with tears, and her colour coming and going, whilst her little hands involuntarily clasped her husband's arm more closely, as if to detain him. "Come, dear," Herbert said ; "the dew is beginning to fall heavily," and, as he spoke, he began to move onwards. The action seemed to arouse Violet, and she drew her hand from its resting-place, and laid it on that of Captain Willoughby. "Do not be unjust to poor Wilson, Herbert," she whispered. "If he acted unwisely ; it was from love to you. Think of all you have gained, dear, by his devo- tion. "Speak again to him," she urged, raising her sweet face beseechingly to his ; "your reproof has hurt him so deeply. Oh ! Herbert, go and tell him that, however unwise his act may have been, you know it was done because of the love he has always had for you and yours, and that you thank him heartily for it. Do go, dear husband," she said, so wistfully, that Captain Willoughby, who was already repenting of having spoken so harshly to one whose only fault had been mistaken zeal in his master's behalf, yielded to her entreaties, and turned back to where the soldier still stood, a surprised, pained look on his face, and a feeling of something very like indignation filling his heart at what had he considered so undeserved a rebuke. Herbert Willoughby was one of those men who know how to offer an apology. He went up with an outstretched hand and the winning smile, that had ever gained him friends, playing on his lips : "Wilson," he said, taking the soldier's toil-worn hand in his, "I spoke hastily and inconsider- ately just now, and I hope you will both forgive and forget it." In the first surprise of hearing your avowal, I confess I was greatly pained, and spoke words which, doubtless, appeared harsh and unkind, but the remembrance of my poor cousin, and the strange fear he entertained of the supposed monk, rose vividly before me, and, in my pity for his sufferings, I forgot the love and devotion which had induced you to play such a part. Believe me, Wilson," he continued, and the soldier's face brightened into its usual frank, cheer- ful expression, as the pleasant words of the well-loved voice fell upon his ear ; "I shall never forget the kindly deed you have done me. Had it not been for your patient endeavours, your loving watchful- ness over my interests, I might still have been known as Herbert St. John— might still have been unaware that I was the son of one whom to know was indeed to love, and whom it is my joy to remember I may call my father. Do not thank me. Wilson," he concluded, smiling, as the soldier endeavoured, in rather broken words, to reply ; "if any thanks are due, give them to Mrs. Willoughby, who showed me how unjust I had been to you." Wilson turned to Violet, but something seemed to prevent him speaking, and his eyes were dim with a moisture very strange to them. He looked into the girl's face, now bright with pleasure at her husband's frank apology to his old servant. "God bless you and the captain, Mrs. Willoughby," he said, in rather a husky voice ; "I shall never forget what you have done for me." He was turning away, as if to return to the Grange, when Major Vernon, who had at first kept silence from a feeling of indigna- tion at what he considered Wilson's un- merited reproof, stopped him. "You must tell, first of all, how you managed to elude the search made for the monk, Wilson," he said, kindly ; "and also let Captain Will- oughby know what your reasons were for attempting such a disguise." The soldier glanced in an uncertain manner at his master ; Herbert understood the hesitation. "Will you tell us, Wilson ? We shall all like to hear it, and know how you escaped, us every time ; it will relieve Mrs. Willoughby's mind, I am sure, to have it plainly shown that the Grange is not haunted, will it not, Violet ?" he added, laughingly, as he turned back to where she was still standing. The girl's face flushed. "I know I am very foolish," she said, looking up at Cuth- bert who was now beside her ; "but I am very glad to learn that there is no truth in those reports of the monk's apparition visit- ing the Grange and cloisters. I should always have been in dread of meeting it. You must think me very silly, Major Vernon ; but the way it appeared and disappeared seemed so extraordinary." "I do not in the least wonder at your feeling uncomfortable about living here with such a mystery, hanging over the place, Mrs. Willoughby ; more than that, I confess I was never so at a loss to account for any- thing as for the figure poor Isabel and I saw here one night ; and, he continued, laying his hand upon Herbert's shoulder, and breaking into a laugh, in which the other joined, "if your husband would speak the truth, I suspect he could tell you the same thing." "I am not going to own to any such weakness," Captain Willoughby said, when the general laugh had subsided ; "fancy, in this nineteenth century, confessing belief in a ghost ! Now, Wilson," he added, "let us hear your story from beginning to end." "The first thing that made me think of personating the monk, sir, happened one evening soon after Mr. Eustace's engage- ment. I ought to say Mr. St. John, but somehow the old name comes easier, if you will excuse it, captain ?" He paused, looking at Herbert. "Certainly, Wilson," was the reply. "I daresay it is more natural to you." "It waa the evening when the engage- ment had been announced at the Grange," the soldier went on. "Of course, the news had occasioned a great deal of conversation amongst us servants ; Symonds, as did many of us, took it very much to heart ; indeed, the old man declared it was enough to cause the monk to pay the Grange a visit. I had never paid much attention to the legend, knowing that, of course, there could be no truth in it, and I made some jesting reply to his remark. To my surprise, I found Symonds a firm believer in it. A few more words were said about it, and the subject dropped, as just then the library-bell rang for me. Mr. Alwyn, the solicitor, who had been all day at the Grange, was preparing to leave as I entered. " 'Order the carriage at once, Wilson,' my master said ; 'Mr. Alwyn wishes to catch the up-train, and I fear there is scarcely time to do so.' "I knew Mr. Eustace was to dine that day at the hall, so, after seeing the carriage start, I returned to the library to learn what orders he had for me. He was sitting at the table reading a letter, and beside him that foreign envelope so seldom cut of my thoughts. I suppose he was so absorbed in its contents that he never heard my knock, for when I entered, he started up, his face deadly pale, and hastily pushed both letter and envelope into a desk which lay before him. He spoke, very angrily to me about entering so abruptly, and, even when I told him I had knocked, seemed half inclined to disbelieve me. '' 'I dine at the hall,' he said, when I had finished speaking. 'Have the carriage at the door by seven ; I am going out in the grounds for a short time to relieve my head.' (To be concluded in our next.) LEARN TO BE SHORT.— Long visits, long stories, long exhortations, long prayers, and leng edlterials,1 seldom profit those who have to do with' them. ' Lifa iB short ; time is short ; moments' are preeions. - Learn to - oondense, to abridge; and intensify; : Wd can endure many an iache and ill if it is soon over, while even pleMnr«a grow insipid and pain -intolerable', II protraoted beyond the limit ol reason and convenience. Learn to ? bp Bhort. 1 Lop pfl branches j Btiok to the main' laot in your. case. If yon pray, ask foe what you deBire and stop. If yon speak, tell your message, and hold yonr peaoe. Con dense' two words - into one, and three ink jtrii 1 fffim jo ^ 