Gtaxusporibmte. PEESBYTEEIANISM AND EPISCOPALIANISM. To the JSMtor of TJw Ballaarat Church of England Messenger. Sir — In the January number of The Messenger a question is raised between Presbyterianism and Episcopalianism which I regret to see thrown into that particular form, because the use of these terms,, turns .?'*JtwiHbolater.-E».. a distinction in fact into a definition in esse. The Presbyterian Church with which we have to deal is the Church of Scotland, the Episcopalian the Church of England, in these Colonies. If it had not been for a chapter of accidents, the Church of Scot land might have had Bishops ; while the Church of England in the time of Edward VI. did not always require episcopal ordination. Is not, then, this treatment of a form of government, dependent on historical data, as a question of essential doctrine inimical to that unity of feeling which Christ Himself implored for us when He prayed for all who should believe on Him through the word of the Apostles, ' that they all may be one, as Thou Father art in Me and I in Thee, that they also may be one in Us, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me ?' If the world has not believed, have no unnecessary articles of disunion been introduced ? The letter I am referring to, signed ' J. Thomson,' condemns an article in the Presbyterian Review because it denies the 'jus divinum of Episcopacy.' If by 'jus divinum' is meant 'no Bishop, no Church,' then the best part of the Church of England is of the same opinion, for even the judicious Hooker, the champion of the Church of England against all assaults, admits that a Church may be a true Church although under the unfortunate necessity of dispensing with the Episcopate. But if absolute necessity is not alleged for the Episcopate, then we can plead in its favour the highest Christian expediency, supported by the action of the Apostles and the universal history of the Christian Church — at all events in the second century. Arguments on this ground can give no offence ; but we may pray ever so much for the unity of the Catholic Church, and, as on Good Friday, 'for all Jews, Turks, Infidels, and Heretics, ' and yet if we refuse to recognise the status of Presbyterian clergymen, we are amxmg a stigma wnicn win not permit or cormanty. Up to a certain point in the history of the Apostolic Church there were none but Presbyters in the local charge of Christian Churches, and we dare not say that these were defective in any essential point under the direction of the Holy Ghost. James was Bishop- of Jerusalem (succeeded by Symeon) before its fall. Timothy and Titus were appointed by Paul to be his deputies at Ephesus and Crete ; but why did the great Apostle do this unless it was because the necessities of the case required it? If it had been a question of faith, it would have been dealt with from the first. Again, the ' angels' of the seven Churches should never be used as an irre fragable argument, when men like Alford and Bishop Lightfoot give strong reasons for believing that angelic ministry, which is so promi nent in all the scenery of the apocalypse, is here intended. The mistake lies in the illogical conclusion that because Episcopacy is scriptural, and apostolical, and historical, therefore every other form is unscriptural, contrary to the practice of the Apostles, and un precedented in the history of the Christian Church from the beginning, g.n.e.d. I would refer those conscientious members of the Church of England who differ from my view to Lightfoot's dissertation on the Christian Ministry in his work on Philippians, where the whole question is treated in a most scholar-like and candid manner. If necessary, the quotations can be given another time, ? ? C. C 