? ? ilEEESOl/XJTIONr' ? — ?,.-. ? ;; ? (Saturday Review.} Some men are born with i natural infirmity of aharaotei; whioh, if humoured, amounts to an inability to make up their minds, to.koep to one intention, to regard any decision as final. A variety of causes may seem to undorlio this weakness— causes arising from an over-keen, and ready perception of all the bearings of tho autstion in hand, or from mero feebleness of character; rendering all grasp of a subject, all effectual hold, impossible. It may bo imlintol leotual or a moral failing, one due to a judg ment paralysed by extent of choice, or to a conBoienco mado slippery by habitual disregard of its' first monitions ; but in either case its effeots upon a man's character and career are patent to others. People may have many faults whioh work In secret, which observer! only gnesB - at by- seeing their consoquonces ; bnt irresolntion works in the open, and is sooner detected' by the looker-on than by the man himself who is a prey to this enerTatingjinflu ence. ''WhatBeeme to tho ii/esolutetempertho mere exercise of a profound judgment or a refined taste is detected by thoBo who are incon venienced, irritated, or injur i by it, as the slip and blemish which weakenB, loosens, renders futile the whole course of life and action. Tho irresolute man, whatever hia position or his powers, not only fails to him self, but iB felt by those about him to be useless for the parts oi counsellor, supporter, or , advo- cate. He is essentially incompctont for these offices. His on n course is determined, not by in tention, but by ohanoe ; hiB judgment wants education of personal experience. No one can remain eternally suspend i between two coutscb of action, for the world moves and situations ohango however much a man may desire to keop them at a standstill until his mind is made up. Something irrespective of his judg ment steps in and takes the matter in hand. While he deliberates on the highest oonceivable best — best in itself or best for him — while he fluctuates, accident settles tho matter, with little regard for his credit or interest. ? It i» difficult, La Brtiyere says, to decide whether irresolntion makes a man more unfortunate or contemptible, whether there is more harm in making a wrong decision or in making none at all. A step which a man is driven to take under the compulsion of exteual ciroumstances is seldom taken at the right time. Owing to mis aemana ior action, oven m tne most vacil lating — this impossibility of eternal indecision where other men and other interests are con cerned — irresolution is necessarily allied with precipitation. Tho man im '.pable of a final immovable resolve decides at length on an impulse, which has nothing to do with choice. Irresolute men are rash men; prone to acton tho spur of the moment in order to defeat their infirmity and put it out of their power to hesi tate and shilly-shally. There are cases where these contending qualities play somewhat fatally upon ono another. Thus tbo impulse of the moment commits a man to a course of action. Knowing his weakness lie is precipitate in making pro mises; but then steps in tho habit ot his mind; he deliberates and hangs suspended, when the slower process of performance ought to follow, irresolution -splits in two, or into many parte, what Bbould be only one act. With the healthy reasonable mind a promise involves its per formance ; but irresolution never considers anything as-settled so long as obange is pos sible. Every hindrance, every difficulty is an argument for a rovjrsal, or breach of contract, either with oneself or others. As a faot, all important undertakings and promises engaged in under strongampressions and warm feelings' are followed by a ohango of temperature in the undertaker and promisor. The habit of keeping to vyour word because it1 has been passed, whether to yourself or another, alone sustains the will under the reaction. ' What terrible moments f' said Pope, 'dots one feel after one has engaged in a large work ! In the beginning. of my translating the Iliad I wished everybody would hang me a thousand times.' It is of course this relaxation of the mind's fibre which lies at the bottom of all de cent forms of jilting, whether in man or woman. Tho promiser awakes to the fact that he has done a tremendous thing. This may ?happen to tho fiim is well as to the weak, but the irresolute are in the habit of vacillation, snd also in the habit of justifying it as reason atlo deliberation. It comes easily to them to hesitate or to betray hesitation. Tho constant mind knows that it is in for it, and instantly recovor6 from tho temporary panic. It is no time to weigh the question whon the step is once' taken ; thought and deliberation have finally given placo to action. In smaller mattors promises become a habit to tho irresolute, as being dissociatiated from performance. A man gives or accepts an in vitation in one mood, and backs out of it when ho thinks over the inconvenienco he may incur. Ho promises a gift, and, when the moment of parting with what he vnlues arrives, he finds himself a different man from tho rash donor, his former self. Tho arguments which should be 8ilerced by a strong will press with gathering forco and grow in weight !'J the notion of th* imminence of a crisis oppresses tho mind ; with him the fulfilment of a promise is tho crisis, not tho mnking it. Whothor justly or not, Gat rick's friends considered him as a framer of good intentions which he had not resolution to keep. Foote said of him that ho had often set out with the design of performing a generous act, but tao ghost of a halfpenny meeting him at the corner of a street sent him homo again. The paiu of fulfilment is tho only oure for this vacillating temper, the only lesson of any avail. Mero regrets, mero penitence for puBt imp 'u dence, will do nothing. Promises becomo a habit unless they arosternly held to performance. Nor will the conscience long warn against them, for all the pleasui s of benevolence can fill a mind of this olasn quite apart from tho ful filment of airy intentions. ' Bohemian,' in The Week, writes : — In ray young days courtship with a view to matrimony came as natural to the young men and maidens in our part of the country as the apple blossoms of spring. Neither the young men nor the maidens, so far as I could ovo» leain, required any assistance whatever in ar- ranging the preliminaries for an engagement in this business. On tho contrary, both parties were ready at a moment's. notioo to resent any interference or meddlingofany kindwhatsoever, unless it came, from parents or duly authorised guardians— and then it was regarded as a nnis anco Every now and again young and fascinat ing widows would out in with their larger expe riences of matrimony, and walk off with an eligible yonng baohelor of an exceptionally shy and retiring disposition, to the horror and dismay of tho 'stupid young thing' who had for a year or two previously b' in calculating upon securing him, but had never had the courage to make tho young fellow cloarly understand this fact. And gay and festive widowers would, in the same manner and by tho same abominable devices, now and ngain win ardent young maidens from their allegiance and marry thttn off-hand before thoy had time to fully under stand what thoy were, doing. But these cases weio raro in our part of the country, and tho sufferers by such miahapa did not reoeivo much pympathy, either from marriel or single. They wore rogarded as being what wo oolo nially term 'a shingle short,' and wero treated r with contemptuous pity. I fancy the same rulo holds good out hero, but there aro fowor 'eoft 'unB1' for tho widows and widowers to tako advantage of, so a newspaper hai boon started in a country district in New South Wales called The Matrimonial Chronicle, tho seventh number of whioh iB now beforo mo. The ' Bpcoinlity' of this journal is its ' matri monial advortisemonts' — ot course, and as a proof of tho high flavour it is nocoEBary to impart to them, tako tho following : — QO Would like to correspond with a. miaaio-rised OO Kcntlcmnn of n moral disposition and a roli ffioim turn of mind with a view to mntrimony. Sho is iuid(llc-aRCd. nveniKO heiulit, nnd luis nuiny tjuuli ticB which, 8lio feels confident, will recommend her as a trooil wifo, which her modosty prevents lier from puUicly taunting atant. This is a fair specimen of tho whole, and the Editor's footnote to theso advertisements sup plies tho necessary commentary on tho whole undertaking. It is to tho following effect : — [There aro a largo number of advertisements and applications lying at thin offieo, becauso they wore, not accompanied by the requirod feos. Ed. M. C] This seems to explain the wholo matter. The Matrimonial Chronicle will not bavo a largo circulation except among tho simple-minded, and another and a larger tlasa of porsonB whom it is just as well not to name moro «p ecifically. 