AUSTRALIAN ELVES. MOONLAND.—No. I. Some of our friends and relatives on the other side of the globe will' be astonished to learn that the way to tbe moon has been dbcovered by an unfortunate member of the literati of Australia. Tbe greatest thinkers of the day h&ve-soouted; the idea «s nothing bat moonshine, whenspoken to about tbe practicability of the discovery. But it 'must be borne in mind tha + the same laws of Nature which guide and rule the mother country are somewhat eristic here at the antipodes, inasmuch as we are all upside down— standing on onr heads in fact. Tberefore we are prepared for marvels. In a land where there are animals who stand on their tails, and fight with all four feet at once, where the young leap out of and into their parent's stomach at will—there being a strange bag in that quarter for the purpose of humouring tbe antics of the juveniles, jast like a hole in the bow of a timber ship; where there are creatures that appear neither flesh nor fowl—who swim in pond3 like a duck, have a dusk's bill, who lay eggs, yet have feet and hair like a beast; in a land where tbe leaves on the trees grow edgeways to tbe sun, and tke trees-'&emselves; shoot downwards, sari-ly it is no great wonder that we have found a passage to ths great luminary of night, and had the pleasure of shaking hands "and likewise sapping with tbe disobedient man who gathered sticks on Sunday. The scientific world will never feel half the surprise anent our new discovery as that which fell upon tbe old shepherd, when he found himself surrounded and made prisoner. He had left his sheep in charge of the only companion he had in these region*—viz., hii dog. Within s sheltered nook on one of the fairest and most luxuriant slopes of the mysterious Blue Mountains, Toby, the halfbred dingo, held watch and ward over his charge while his master wandered down the ragged side of the cliff in search of gold. Here the sun was almost hid- behind the broad awning of gigantic trees, whose immense trunks, gnarled [and uoary with age, stood like mammoth sentinels to guard tbe dim glen below. The lonely herdsman had often descended to that spot before unmolested, bat now from every mound and hollow there peered the grotesque faces of the Mountain Sprites, watching his every movement, until, with a sudden rush, they pounced upon him and held him fast. For a time he straggled manfully to free himself. It was quite useless. Tbe genii of the Blue Mountains are a powerful people, not to be trifled with, as the shepherd soon discovered. He was lifted bodily up, and borne along so swiftly that he nearly lost his senses. The route of his captors lay in a downward direction. Never upward. And it appeared as if the dusky raviBes which they traversed led right away from the upper world into the region of eternal night. " Dear friends, Good people, where on earth are you taking me?" cried the poor fellow in an affrighted tone. " Bis bus, silence, Mortal," replie 1 an ancient Gnome authoritatively. "Your destination is not tbe earth, bnt the moon." ' Good lord," ejaculated the poor shepherd with starting eyeballs. " Bus, peace," rejoined- (he fay in a whisper. " The voice of man hath never disturbed tl esn solitudes since the creation.'' " Gentlemen, let me go, pray ?" " Art thou not going, thou dissatisfied mortal ? Be still'." " It is all up with me," groaned the unfortunate captive. " Nay, verily, it will be all down with thee," answered the Bprite. " Behold." As the fairy spoke they emerged into a dismal spot, in tbe midst of which gapeda wide black pit. At the mouth of the chasm the Bbepherd beheld the forms of two beings iu shape like the fabled vampires, who clapped tbeir tremendous wings in ecstacy at eight of bim. " Who is this ?" they cried, and the fairies answered "A visitor for moonland." "No, no, I ain't agoiBg to the moon" replied the trembling shepherd. Tbe horrid vampires laughed in exultation at his misery, and the sound shook the walls of the solid cliffs around. " Here me, Dusk, and thou, Lunar," said the Gnome, addressing the winged monst«rs. " This fellow hath had the impudence to invade our sacred precincts, and attempted to release some of our dreaded foes, the Gold NHggetB, whom we have made prisoners. What shall we do with the rascal ?" " Send him to the moon," they eried with one voice. " Mercy, gentlemen, mercy." "Fiddlestick. To mooniand with him," answered the sprite. "There is lots of room for him to fossick there. Eh, Lunar Over that terrible void, near where they held him, oar hero observed a strange object floating with a gentle oscillating motion, as a feather floats in space. In appearance it was like a gigantic umbrella inverted, with a hole cut in the centre. To the end of the ribs cords of gossamer were fastened, which stretched upward to a car in tbe shape of a star, the points expanded like huge wings. The nature of the material or by what process this curious vehicle had been manufactured, the unfortunate shepherd had neither power nor leisure at that moment to examine, for the ancient fay had no sooner spoken than Dusk and his companion seized hold of him like a pair of vultures, and flew upward with him into the car of the parachute. " Good-bye, Lunar, let me know when yoa arrive," cried some of the fairies. "Slide a message down a moonbeam," responded others. " Or a rainbow or the tail of a comet." And while the mountain sprites stood and jeered, the quaint machine suddenly shot down the empty space with the velocity of a cannon ball. Who shall describe the sensation of the poor mortal as he felt himself falling—falling down— down, a blind mess—through the darkened air. Those who hive fallen,'or have leaped, from even a moderate height, can -have no conception of the frenzied terror that took possession of him for a moment. Yet, it was only for a moment. Strange to say, he did not lose his presence of mind, and his fear left him as suddenly as it had fallen npon him. From a bewildering chaos of thought in the captive's mind, curiosity became paramoi nt to all else. Amid the marky blackness around and about, there was very little to examine, but the shepherd thrust his head through the gossamer network of the machine and gazed below. Far, far away in tbe profound depths beneath them, he saw a vast disc of soft light, which threw its rays upward, and enabled bim to discern that the abyss through which they were descending appeared like a hollow cone, tbe neck of which began in tbe mountain, and, like an eddying circle in the water, gradually became wider and wider as they advanced. The progress of the parachute was so swift that they rapidly emerged into the focaa of the light—the wide mouth of the cone receding to a faint dark circle on the pale horizon in the space of a few seconds. It was astounding how wonderous soft and beautiful, the shimmering glow of light in this new region burst npon the mortal's vision. He bad witnessed many lovely changes from the lofty peaks of the New South Wales Alps, but Dame Nature had never presented herself to his eyes in such a garb before. Not tbe glaring, hot, dazzling rays of the summer sun here, bat rather a gentle, subdued, dreamy refalgeuce, without the ghost of a shadow or shade of variation npon anything. Above, below, one universal pale liquid glimmer, devoid of vapour. Distant mountains, peaked and gabled like an iceberg, appeared to view, and hills and valleys, with deep rents and chasms, forming an amphitheatre of immense dimensions, became more clear to the vision every moment. Everything seemed mixed up and confounded by the uniformity of colour. Rocks, valleys, and streams presented a_weird and wonderful aspect, under new conditions, wtere, like Hoffman's shadowless man, every object was lighted up on all sides, equally in the absence of a central point. Scorched, and charred, and burnt, there was not a sign of a tree or shrub on the face of the whole landscape. Scoria and dross and pumice stone. Nothing else, save the waters that lay bathed in luminous silvery grey. From the vast panorama our hero turned his eyes upom his companions the vampierr, Zhey bad cast tbe netting of the car aside. " Prepare thyself, Mortal," cried Lunar in a terrible voice. " Prepare myself for what ?" "For a header into tbe sea, yonder beneath us," answered the vampire coolly. " Good lord! gentlemen, you really dot't think I'can dive from this great height. I ibi-ll be dashed to mincemeat," responded tbe shepherd in a tone of consternation. The monsters only laughed at him, and repeated tbeir command. " Descend a little lower, good Lunar, do, gentle Dnsk," be pleided. " We can't. This is moonland. Not enough gravity here," they replied. « Moonland! Mercy on me, and shall I have to leave my old bonee in the moon criedthe Mottalin detpair. " Plenty of 'em here, loads. Valleys fall, as yom'll find. Come, jamp!" " I won't," cried the shepherd in a savage tone, whereupon the monsters caught him in their claws and threw bim headlong from the car. The fall was frightful to contemplate, and I'm afraid it will be necessary to allow the poor fellow EtTcu dajs to r«.cover his equilibriaai. 