Wi)t Hapuixial^tralU, FRIDAY,, SEPJJEMBEB. 3^ 1880. „ SCIENTIFIC liECTUfiBS." It is not of ten that the eolony^etg & visit from one who has, deservedly a&quired; such fame as a high priest of the mysteries of.science as ProfessoiL Pepper, who is now in our midst in structing and amusing large and intel ligent audiences by his exposition and illustrations of the principles of science in some of its varied departments- It therefore seems to us that advantage - should be taken of his presence to make arrangements whereby as ihany as possible of our fellow colonists -should have the opportunity of gaining some measure of practical instruction in the scientific character jjS? their natural surroundings, And this ., we think might be successfully carried out i ifthe powers that.be/Woulfi co-operat0. We have .no faith in the thijsf for knowledge which alwaysTlooks to the&' Government to, as it were,. turnihe* lap1 arid pay the piper. But at. .the" same time it may fairly be asked that as the Government does spend a large amount annually in educational direc tions—i.e., in schools for the young, the university for those who wish to. take honors, and Institutes for the general. public—they might in connection there with utilize the science of the Profes sor* It has we know. been stud that Professer Pepper is as it were a smatterer* that lie knows a little of all branches of: science, but is not very, profound in any. This is absurd. "We admit he is not a specialist; that is; he does not devote himself entirely to one branch of science to the exclusion of all others; but this- rather tells in his favor, for he is the better adapted. to give general instruction," and the fact that for so ,many years he filled. the leading position at the Boy a! Polytechnic Institution o£ London, is a sufficient guarantee that however, varied may be his acquirements, they are the reverse of superficial. The Education Department ha& re centlyaddedto the curriculum Of the Government schools scienSe lessons; and with a view to the encouragement of the masters in this direction, have undertaken to supply them w&b.eer;* tain requisite apparatus at .half price, on proof that the masters are capable of using the same for teaching pur poses. This concession involves a con siderable expenditure, an expenditure which is very praiseworthy. But does it not commend itself to the powers that be, that advantage should be taken 6f the Professor's presence to forma masters' class in Adelaide, -at which all the head masters, or the as sistant who has charge of the scientific lessons, at the schools within an easy distance. of the metropolis should attend. A few practical lessons as to the best method of using:the apparatus, as well as in the teachings of science, would assist these masters in a won-., derful degree, and through them the knowledge would be extended, to the many hundreds of children who are already learning something of science .and chemistry in our public schools. Every one who has had .any experience in such matters knows that^iSie tuition.': imparted by a master in the art conveys "instruction far more clearly and: accurately than can be ac quired even by-tM most patient and persistent study of books/ for iri' thte one case if any difficulty arises an ex planation, can be asked for and ob i tained, whereas in the other an error I once committed may be repeated over | and'over, again without being detected. L At. the same time, too, we would sug | gest a course of lectures to the ad vanced scholars in the' metropolis or wherever a large number of children could begot together,-the Government ;of course making some charge to those who availed themselves of the oippor tunity. So, too, in connection with the various Institutes throughout the colony.. ' We think-£the parent institu tion in town might arrange terms on which the services of the Professor could be obtained by the varions coup-; try. Institutes. /The Committees of many. of the country Institutes are "too apathetic to mOvBfirsfcin the ^matter, and indeed where some did move, the ^rafesjBor in such ..cases required too ; l£|gp % gflvraintw.' - Butif.the«i^ang^-'l I ment Were made 011 ». large scale, Tor a course of lectures at each of the lead ing country Institutes, which in the aggregate would extend over a long period, we feel sure moderate terms ! would be obtained—that is, sunbosihir the Professor nofc to be tied bv any previous engagement . to leave the colony within a certain short poriod, for we must say that where the Pro fessor does go—though »o dottbt he estimates financial success at it proper value— he evidently loves his work for its own sake, and goes through his programme just as fully and efficiently with s comparatively scanty audience as when he appears before a crowded house. "As Hotrs with Recent Poets."—-Our brief report of Mr. Hartley's lecture on this subject, already in type, is unavoidably held over. Militaby Entebtainmekt—An entertain ment -will be given in the Institute Hall this evening by the members of the Kapunda Volunteer Company, assisted by lady and gentlemen amateurs. The Chinese Lmmigbation Biil.—The Becond -reading of this measure was negatived in the Legislative Council by a majority of 10 votes; the .division showiug 3 for and 13 against the BilL Cabbiage op Wool ox thb Bend Line.— Mr. Parsons' motibn characterizing the exist* ing rates for wool traffic on the Morgan line as unfair and useless, for the purpose of securing the Biverina trade, was after a lengthy resumption of the debate wisely with drawn on Wednesday, the feeling of the House being dead against it. Mr. Moody •was unsuccessful in his effort to make this ! motion Ttineatis of "getting "the rates" for transit^of wheat lowered. . TJiat will hare to' be effyc&b; bjr a disecif inbfaon, ilot _by an amendment on an altogether different one. The Old Kapunda Mine.—About twenty 'haffiJsafce stnTat work" on~Cn6u£e at"the Old Mine. We. have ^een the returns for the last take, extending ot*er about eight weeks. The jjerceqfcg&of; the. ore raised varied from 15£ to '32, averfcgijj 2l'l -all round. The net pro ceeds received from die Smelting Company was within .<a little of £200. It will be Been t^ab the Mine has been continuously worked or^ a ^mall scale by old miners without the aid of lpachinefy,-and since the property changed ' hands a considerable amount |of mogey has been circulated by this means. ! WeibndeNtAiiftU^tli»iieir diicoveryin the Mine, Paddock, referred to by us some time' -back, jnstaaow been thrown open to the tributeifs on the same tesms as- the old takes. . BlBLJtt^RisTIAIT CHINCH, AlJiEITDALE.— ThejaniMtVeiys^y of the Allendale Bible Chris tian^ Ojto^U tcklk' place on Sunday and ^Monday,' September 19'and 20. Mr. W. L. .Neaje preached on Sandfly mornfi^. and Mrs. Pearde, of MbuntTorrens, afternoon and evening."^ THe .congregations were good i throughout the-d4yl Tab and public- meetings were held air Monday,-Mr. W. Lewis pre siding abtbe lattgfer The financial statement, -read by the.pastQE of - the circuit, showed that the income had somewhat exceeded the ex e$pendi£ure., Addresses..were delivered by 1 W. Bobrns, Mrs. Pearce, and tbeRev. HiKman. -Totes of thanks were passed to the I ladie$ and Chairman, and the meeting dosed by the congregation-singing the doxology. Pbofessob Pepper's Entektaxnmknt3.— There .was a good attendance in the front seats at JProfesBor Pepper's "scientific seance on Monday ^evening, and ali ~wbo were present were delighted with his lucid explanations of , the great theoriesof light, ita originr and the nature of its transmission^ • Tb& lecturer ex : plained Newfotfs corpuscular theory, and rae wave theoQr, giving some splendid illus trations ot the latter: ; He also gave an in terestingaccoont of. .the revolutions of the spectroscope and explained t» far as possible the supposed constitution of the - sun, nom vhidi as from a -centre originated the wave motions through the ether which filled all space, causing - light,- Which travelled - so rapidly that: it reached, the. earth in gaght iminutes^ whereas a c&ttaon; boll travelling con stantlyat its maximum'speed would take 17 years to dothe same ^distance. He also explained 'the eatiae of the different colours of rays; tiiFtanomi eolow being csased by vibrations varying froo» upwards of -500 to 789 millions of -millions per second. Some interesting experiments- showing how sound travels^ith the same wave-like motion ; were shown, one bSautifjulexperimenlbeing the placing a musical bet ih a ease with several lids, when a wooden rod bring brought into contact with that and a sounding-board the music was plainly heard, and ceased when ■■--^eirtarBct - waa-v-brofcen. - --By means of Tijiley'^ compot|Tid.. pendulum was shown the oscliiatory ' forms which correspond ita farm \ to the vibrations producing mnsieal notes* \- whilst , by- another (Pihcher's); apfendid ajv paraXu a the vibrations caused in playing certain audible notes, were at'the same time rendered \- viable to the eye. The second part of the • programme incltftled- some beautiful dissolv ing views, illustrative of the progress being made in & manufacture andnseof torpe does ; as also in. ttjie use af magnesium balloons; and electric - light' to illuminate , the \8Mrt^nding spaee, flo/asf-to enable those usui^ these agenoiesto~detect the night moTCij^nts of the enemy from a dist-inc»." Tlie' programme was brought to a dose by the exhibition of an amusing ilia 8»n^ tbe dancing skeleton* We should men tion that in the %fternoon-the Professor gave . almost mtereafirig tectum to school children* of whom about200 were-present. On Tues~ day afternoon, also there was a good attea I dance of scKbel cauldron,, and inthe-evening a really good audience: assembled, when the I Professor explained the results of persistent vision and reflected fight, illustrating his. various propositions by a number of saoefc brilliant and. interesting experiments. He also explained the, philosophy of - the-' ghost illusion, and conducted some - beautiful expejrimetits on(he Asfcrouaefcraecope and DarkerV " Oxy-hjdrogen „ "Kaleidoscope,' -also showing a number of beautifai color changes. It was explained that {these kaleidbseopal effects were utilised for- designing patterns-,, in addition to'supplying a very^eftartning toy. One of the j>refctiest experiments was that o£ li^ht riefleoted by water, whilst amongst the more atriustng optical -illusions were the various shadow effects** - Thesecorid' part of theprogramme consisted of some -splendid views illustrating the rise ^and progress of the construction "of serial machines, with some -beautiful cloud studies. Throughout the lecture^ flie experiments, and the views com -*manddd the t nipt attention of the audience^ and tJie tiiae'p^9eed «o rapidly and pleasantly that it Was difficult t9believe it was 10 -o'clock when the dancing skeleton was exhibited a» the closing illustration. We are sure it will be regarded; f$ a matter, for general congratu lation that we are likely to be fa.vored with another visjt from the Professw, whose enter tainments are' certainly the most instructive and: abusing that have evw pbeen' presented to a Kapuiada a,«idie^Qe, and. we hope" that whes .he .does ^me there will be crowded houses at each entertainment. 