THE RELIGIOUS ORDERS: "WHEN AND BY WHOM FOUNDED. The Dominicans, or Friar Preaohers, called Jacobins in Prance, and Black Friars in England, w< re fouuded by St. Dominic to put down the Albigensex and other heretics. The order was approved by Innocent III., 1215, and oonfirmi d by Honorius III., 1216. The Dominicans have missions in the Philippine Islands*. Tonquin, China, Mesopotamia, Santoriu. Kurdistan, Smyrna, Brazil) Chili, Peru, Ecuador, Canada, California, Trinidad, and Kaffraria (S. Africa). The Jesuits (Society or Company of JeBtis), fouuded by Ignatius Loyola, at Paris, 16th August, 1534, to which order the great missionary St. Francis X'lvier belonged, were the first missionaries to Iudia, China, Japan, and America, and have missions still in North, South, and Central America; in Syria, the Holy Lund, Madagascar, India, China, Africa, and the Colonies. The Augustinians, or Austin Friars, bad for their founder St. Augustin, who died 430. The order, which first won celebrity in the eleventh century, was constituted by Pope Alexander IV., 1256. The Augustinians have missions chiefly in the East, in Houmtlia, and the Philippine Islands. The Benedictine* were founded by St. Benedict in the 5th century, by whom England and the greater part of Europe were oonverted to Christianity. Tbey still continue their missionary lauours as follows:— The Spanish Benedictines amongst tbe blacks of Western Australia; the English Benedictines in tbe other Australian colonies ; the Italian Benedictines in Hindoatan, Ceylon, and New Zealand ; and the German Benedictines in the United States of America. St. Benedict's Regula Monachoriun became the rule of Western uiounchism. The Franciscaos—Gray or Minor Friars— were founded by St. Francis of Assisi, 1209 or 1220. They are divided into—(1) Franciscans Observantiues, having missions in the Holy Land, Bosnia, Servia, etc.,. Constantinople, Philippine Inlands, China, and Tripoli. (2) FiauuUcau Reformed, having missions in Egypt, China, and Oceanioa; and (3) Franciscans Capuchins, having missions in Tunis, Candia, Syria, Mesopotamia, Georgia, and the countries bordering on the Black Sea, Aden, Gallas (Africa), Bruzils, Hiudustau, Chili, and Armidale, Australia. The Lazarists, or Congregation of the Mission, founded by St. Vmceut de Paul in 1626, have missions in China, Abyssinia, Egypt, Constantinople, Syria, Macedonia, Persia, .Brazil, and Paraguay. The Sulpicians, fouuded by M. Olier in ih.e seventeenth century have missions in Canada and the United States. The Ejudista, founded in 1642, suppressed, during the French Revolution, and restored in 1820, have miBsiouH in the West Indies. The Seminaire dea MissiouB Etraugires, JEtae du Bac, Paris, founded in 1663, has missions in China, Japan, Thibet, Corea, Mandchooria, Hindoatan, and in Siam, Burmah, Tonquin, Cochin-China, Cambodia, 1 and Malacoa (in India beyond the Ganges). The Congregation of the Holy Ghost and Sacred Heart of Mary, founded 1703, are devoted almost exclusively to the conversion of the negroes in Africa, Asia, and America, have missions in Congo, Gaboon, Senegal, Senegambia, Cimbebasia, Sierra Leone, Goree, &c.;, on the West Coast; Zanguebar, Zanzibar, and the Little Islands of Madagascar^ Mauritius, and Bourbon on the coast of Africa, Chandernagore and Pondiohery in India, Martinique and Trinidad in the West Indies, San Pierre and Miquelon, off Newfoundland. The Redemptorista, or Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer, founded by St. Alphonsus Liguori in the. eighteenth century, have many missions in the United States. The Passionists, founded by the Blessed Paul of tbe Cross in the eighteenth century, have missions in Bulgaria, Wallachia, etc., and in North America. The Congregation of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and Mary (of PicpuB), founded in 1805, have missions in the Sandwioh Islands, Tahiti, Marquesas, and other islands in the South Pacific Ocean. The Marists, or Society of Mary, founded in 181G, have missions in New Caledonia, Viti, Fiji, Navigators' and other islands in the Pacific Ocean, and in New Zealand, Sydney, Louisiana, and New Orleans. The Resurrectionists have missions in Rou - melia. The Oblates of Mary Immaculate, founded by Mgr. Mazenod, Bishop of Marseilles, in 1816, have missions in Ceylon, Natal, and the Arctic regions of British North America, and the United States and Kaffraria. The English Oratorians have missions in Ceylon. The Congregation of the Holy Cross, or Salvatorists, founded in 1856, have numerous missions in the United States, also in Bengal. The Missions Etrangferes, foreign missions, Seminary of Milan (Italy), 1850, have missions in China, Hindostan, and in Assam and Burmah in India beyond the Ganges. The Society des Missions Africaines, or Afrioan Missionary Society of Lyons, has missions in Dahomey, Egypt, Lagos, etc., and Natal. The Algerian Missionary Society, founded by the present Archbishop of Algiers, has missions in Algeria, Central Africa, and Jerusalem. The African Institute, Verona, Italy, founded by Bishop Comhoni, has sole charge of tbe immense mission of Nigritiain Africa. The Congregation of St. Francis of Sales, Turin, Italy, has missions in Paraguay, Uruguay, Patagonia, Buenos Ayres, and India. The Carmelites, or White Friars of Mount Carmel, were founded by Berthold, 1156, but were originally instituted by Elijah. They have bishops in India, and a vicar-apostolic in Bagdad. The Seminary of Foreign Missions, Genoa, founded in 1855 by the Marquis Brignoles Sales, has missions in North and South America. The Congregation des Eofants de Marie Immacul£e, France, has missions in Dominica, W.I. The Congregation of Our Lady of Sion, founded by Eather Ratisbonno, has missions in Jerusalem. Tbe Belgian Foreign Missions Seminary and Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, Scheutweld-leB-Bruxelles, have missions in Mongolia and China. The Seminary of Foreign Missions atSteyl, Holland, founded by M. Arnold Jannsen, in 1875, has missions in China. All Hallows Foreign Missionary College, Dublin, founded 1 by Father Hand in 1812, send missionaries to all parts of the world where the English language is spoken. St. Joseph's Foreign Missionary Society, Mill Hill, London, founded by the present Bishop of Salford, Dr. Vaughan, 1874, has missions (to the blacks) in the Southern States of North America, Hindostan, Afghanistan, and Borneo. The Congregation of the Propaganda (de Propaganda Ftde), Rome, which exercises a general supervision over all the missions, was founded by Pope Gregory XV. in 1622, and consists of a prefeot-general, prefect of economy, and twenty-one cardinals, with a secretary and prothonotary-apostolic. To this congregation belongs the celebrated college founded by Pope Urban VIII., in 1627, where youths of all nations are prepared for the priesthood. The Association for the Propagation of the Faith, founded at Lyons in 1822, raises moat of the funds for the support of the missions. Receipts for 1879,6,031,64.8 franos(£241,263). Peeackinq to Methodists.—Father Weninger, the famous Jesuit missionary, gave a mission at Troy, Indiana, reoently, says the Catholic Sentinel, at which the following singular occurrence transpired:—During his visit, the pastor of the Methodist church waited on Father Weninger, and told him that he would be happy to have him preach a sermon in the Catholic church for the benefit of the Methodist congregation, whtoh Father Weninger agreed to do as soon as his mission oioged among the Catholics. Accordingly, on the appointed evening, the Methodist preacher and his whole congregation filled the Catholic church, , and listened attentively to the eminent'Jesuit as he dilated upon the theme, " No Salvation outside of the Catholic Church," whioh Father Weninger treated in bis usual masterly manner, and which doubtless brought conviction to many a doubting mind. ' 