NO PATMEET ! ' The Australian . traveller on a , tour round the globe finds, himself, from the $r«ir znohjent thit his1 foot 3 t<yuqKeS f foreifflk knl; r bSet with a. horde' ;6f ehtmprbiis kjp/nevcB:' seem.to , leave; him nhtii hfe i DHce . more lands ion trfjs own Shares. - 1 Go where he -will, the importunate crhwil dog his hels, and keep up an incessant dehiana for " baksheesh." It really seems to him as if the sole occupation of one-half the humau race at least Were begngh-om the other half.> Here,- in his own country, however, the toavelier finds a 4Ufferit fitafce of things exMng. Beg- Mtity is not? the oAoupation Af whole mm is not eternally dinned into zus ears. Or, strangely enongh, if the c ry for aIqui be raided, it comes from a quarter whence one would hot naturally ex pect it.; At least this is the case in Victoria. Our beggars are of the genteel class ; in fect, they write them selves members of Parliament. They are clamorous for " baksheesh" from the public treasury , and they refuse to ><t mpve on" for any less donation than £806 a year. At the present moment, and in prospect of the speedy assembling of Parliament, this cry for State- alms is raised in the usual quarter. Now, it was generally held by sen sible and sober-minded ; persons that, with the downfall of Berryism, the system of bestowing a handsome bounty from the Treasury on all our legislators, whether they stood in need of it or not, had fallen also. Everybody said, when the results of the polling on the ever- memorable 26th February were an nounced, that " payment was dead" The Chief Secretary openly declared himself against it ; so did most of Ids colleagues and so did at least a good half of the men - elected to the Hew Assembly. People thought that .there was not the ghost of a IchahcS rof the ,£ 800 per annum being voted to themselves again by a band of self-sacrificing patriots. But the thought was .premature. The spirit df beggary in any individual or corporation, dies hard. Three hundred a year, paid in punctual monthly instal ments, is a great temptation to poor human nature. Hence it comes that the demand for payment is once more set up boldly, and this time it takes the form of a claim. The sturdy beggars clamour for it on the ground that they have a right to it, and must have it, in spite of everything and everybody ! Let ns examine briefly into the basis of. this alleged right. That payment of members of Parliament is not an Eng lish principle is admitted on all hands. The. very idea of it is foreign to the spirit' and' genius of the English poli tical system. It is held in the old country that 'the high honour of being ah, elected! representative legislator is of itself sufficient for the best' citizen in the country. A true statesman spurns all mercenary considerations. He disdains all thought of payment for his services in dollars. Besides he is, both by position and by character, a gentleman ; and as a gentle man, he is able to Support himself with out begging from the public. The English people, moreover, rightly- be- lieve that beggars are not suitable persons s to be made representatives and legislators ; and that any man who has to earn his day's maintenance by bis day's work is not in his proper place in a HotisC of Parliament. For all these good mid sufficient reasons the proposal to pay their representatives has always been scouted j by our countrymen at home. And now let us ask, why should not the very same high and noble idea of the function of a Legislator obtain in this country ? Why should Victorians hold a lower estimate of themselves mid of their representatives than is held by their friends at home ? There is no reason in the world, excepting that here the tribe of political loafers exists, but oes not exist in England. The political loater has become an institution here, unfortunately ; and it was payment of members that created him. . The cry for baksheesh " at the' rate of £300 a year comes almost, if not quite, exclusively from1 that class. They are hungry, needy, seedy, and greedy ; and . they 'want the money, come whence it may. Moreover, since they, asff representa tives, hold the public purse- strings, they mean to unloose the same freely, for their own sole benefit. Payment and political loafing thus act and re-act on one another, each being sometimes cause- and sometimes effect. This is how . the r " little swindle " is : worked from Parliament to Parliament. Now, against all this must be set the plain consideration that respectable men in plenty, who do not need payment, and who , are willing to accept the office of 1 representative legislator for the personal honour it confers, are to be had as candidates, without falling, back on the political loafing class. This was fully prqvcdF'M' late general eleb- tion-; and, in fact, there is a large class of- members in the new House — such as Messrs. Robertson, Staunton, Walker, .Murray Smith, and others3 — whOi are simply above all sordid con siderations. This is the very class of men we want in Parliament — men who are out of the range of all the overtures pf bribery and corruption, all temptation to sell themselves and their constituents tor ft beggarty mess of pottage. On the pojiticl loafers are .pjeadmg ajreqdy;: gome of them, that if they are denied the £800 a year, they will be obliged to retire into strictly private' life arid the insolvent court. By all means, we say, let them retire ! We don't want insolvents and penniless beggars to legislate for us ; and Bad experience has taught us that the political loafer class is the ruin of any country which allows it to grow up and spread. Therefore, and for all these reasons, we say, No Payment ! 