Eacetise. The world without woman-lovely woman-would be like a blank sheet of paper-noe even ruled. A philosopher says : "You require in marriage preoieely the Bame quality that you would in eating sausage-absolute confidence. . A little girl heine asked on the first day of sofcool how she liked her new teacher, replied, "I do not like her ; she ie just as saucy to mo as my mother." Eoysterer (to respected parent, who had come to bail him)-Hullo, Gov'ner ! You here! Don't mean to say they've run you in ! A Sunday scholar was asked if hiß father was a Christian. He replied, " YOB, bn'û he is not working muóh at it now." We know a man whose wife doesn't kiss him be cause he smokes. She kisses him beoause she loves him. 1 " Yes," he oried passionately, "I love yon so true, so true-" *" Never mind, darling," said she, art-; ' lessly, " I'll have my trousseau ordered at once." AB they passed a gentleman, one of whose optica was terribly on tho bias, little Dot murmured, ''Ma, he's got ono eye that don't go." A Kooky Mountain editor, alluding to the demand for female suffrage, female doctors, and female clergy men, remarks that another want presents itself-that of female women. " And now, young gentlemen, which of you ean tell . mo tho name of the greatest of planets-the cham pion planet, BO to speak-of our solar system P" " I . . can sir. It's Saturn." " And how is that, pray P". " Because he oarries the belt." A little boy refusing to take a pill, his mother placed it in a pieoo of preserved pear, and gave it to ? him. In a ,few minuteB she said "Tommy, havo you eaten the pear?" "Yes, mother, all but the pip!" " Young man," said the orator, impressively, " do you want to go down to a drunkard's grave P "Well," replied the young man, with tho careless eraco of a maniwho isn't acoustomed to refusing, " I don't caro if I do. Whero abouts is your grave?" A young man rode 10 miles in a railway car with a pretty girl one moonlight night, with tho intention of popping the question, but all he ventured to Bay was, "It is quite mooney to-night. " " Yes," she replied, " muchly ;" and there wasn't another word 1 said. ; ? ! Drill sergeant (to young recruit having extra drill)- " Stand at ease " - " 'tention " - " heyes ¡ right "-" hoyes left?'-(wrong, again)-" hasa you ., were;" and it's my opinion "haas you were," .'haas you ia" and "haas you'll bo" through all ! eternity. Mistress : Who were you talking to Jane P Cook : Only my eldest brother, mum. He's-he's in the oerlice. Mistress: Indeed! What is his name ?? . Cook : JohnJSmith, mum. Mistress : But your name. : ¡ is !not Smith P Cook : No mum ; but you see, he's-? ho's bin married! ? >., A temperance paper advises people to drink spi- 1 rituouB liquors only in such months aa have W in them. In such a case, a spelling reform would set in ' at once, and we should seo Januwary, Februwary, Jewne, Jewly,|Awgust, Ootowber, Nowvember, and soon, come into general use. Í "Is there a letter hero in a scented envelope for my wife ?" he asked the postmaster, while the green . : fire from hia eyes made tho offico look like a leafy forest. "Yes, sir," answered the P.M., as he handed it out. The jealous man tore it open at onoe, when, lo r.nd behold ! it was the milliner's bill , for ¿£20. The end. " You must not play with that little girl, my dear," said an injudicious parent. "But,'ma, I like her ; she is a good little girl, and I am sure she dresies aa , pretty as I do, and she has lots of toys." " I can not help that, my dear," responded the foolish . mother; "her father is a shoemaker." "But I don't play with her father, I play with her j she ain't a shoemaker." Tho Wabash (Indiana) country has always boen celebrated for the peraietenoy and quality of ita fever and ague. A looal physician thus describes tho genuino Wabash artiole :-" It comes creeping up a fellow's baok like a ton of wild cats ; goeB crawling through hits joints like iron spikes, and is followed by a fever whioh prohibits itho patient from thinking of . anything but Greenland's ioy mountains._ It isn't tho ' every-other-day ' kind, hut gets up with a man at daylight, and sleeps in the small of his back all night. Hia teeth fool about six inohoslong, his joints ' wobbleliko a loose waggon-wheel, and tho sbakeB are so steady that one can't hold conversation exoeptby putting in dashes. JOSH BILLINGS ON GHOSTS.—A ghost is about 5ft 7in in height, and weighs from 4oz to 6oz. They are of the maskuline and feminine natur, but princi= pally natur. They ain't afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard az kareless az a skoolboy will around a norchard in green-apple time. They are like a grate menny other things in this world— often heard ov, but seldom seen. I will give 1500 dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dollars more to own one ; but I want one kaught whole and not hurt. Mi friend, Phineas T. Barnum, will take a whole drove ov them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore, bring your ghosts. Ghosts allwus dress in a white-nitegown sort of rig, and are the quickest that have ever been trotted out yet. Their ordinary gait iz a mile in a seckund, but it iz sed, for a purse, they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in publik for munny—private time is alwus suspishus. Whi don't some of our agricultural hoss-tro assosiashuns offer a ghost puss, free for all ghosts ? It would draw like a mustard-plaster, in the month of August. 