Professor Pepper at WaUatao . The public of Wallaroo have, during &? present week, been favored with one cf the greatest intellectual treats that has ever fallen ta their lot. We refer to thi- '^,-~ lectures delivered by Professor Pepptr, «= the Institute Hall- During the part. 25 yeare there have been numerous high cI&es; aud other entertainments held st Wallaroo, but never do we remember, in one inst&iioe;, where the attendance ou the second evening. was larger than that of the first. Such) however, was tbe case with Professor Pepper's lectures. 0a Tuesday ereaing i ha Hall was nearly full but there were but few in the gallery ; ou Wednesday there was not au empty seat, either in gallery or hsll. Scientific lectures have, as a rule. hats. looked upon as very dry afikirSy and is. cor. | sequence ther? was no email amount of ri?k attending the action of the Ctanmuree :s guaranteeing the lecturer £30 far two lectures. - We-feeL- jJeascaL tUat^ifc tossed oat successfully, not so much from the £s.A that the Institute has avoided a loss, as ihg idea that such high class lectures are appre ciated by our townspeople, such a fact sxys more for the people titan could be written :r. a week. Oa Wednesday evening, after tfca introductory remarks the learned Professir gave some proofs of the brilliant results of combustion, illustrative of the effect of tit sun. upou the optics At the same time hfc explained tlie annoyance to which Sir Isa»c Newton was subjected through being hauritRr. by the ' ghost' of the sun, owing to Lip having looked at it with the naked eye. TL» Professor farther illustrated this ** Persist - ance of Vision,' by darkening the Hall and then lighting a metalic -wire which gave t- bright white light ; with tills he performed circles which, could be distinguished lontr after the light was extinguished ; even if tih-i eyes were closed the circles still remained. The illustrations of the marvellous color changes very loudly applauded, as were tAao the Professor's explanation and exhibition of the late Sir David Brewster's discovery of & method of resecting the different patterns ci the Kaleidiscope on to a, riieet, illustrated by Barker's Oxy-Hydrogen K&leidiscope.; Tie cause of the mirage, iu the Desert was ex plained, and the Professor expressed his regret at not being in s position with fate travelling instruments to give an illustration. - The Ghost Elusion and Shadow Pantomine were explained. Tins test partof tnelecnire concluded with an amusing Magic Laatem illustration of 'The Crawling Demons/' The second part of theeutertainmentwus en titled a visit to Cloudland, -which PtoTessar Pepper rendered not only instructive, but entertaining, from the amusing anecdotes andwiticism which he introduced. Magic Lantern illustrations were given to the numerous flying machines which had been attempted, as also the risk attending beloon ascents. The Professor gave a tonchirg account of the ascent made, for scientific pur poses, by Tissandies who with two' others, went up a distance of seven and a half miles fioai the earth when they became invisible. It was never known when tiiey caane dowi, but when found they were all thought to be dead. Tissandier, however, recorered, and being an Artist, the vi«w that misrepre sented was from Jus own pencil. Some excellent illustrations of the beauties of Cloudland -were given. Although the enter tainment was most successful and *t the conclusion Professor Pepper thanked those present for the interest they had taken in the lectures, as evinced by the fact of there being a much larger audience on the second -evening than was present at tlie first lecture. He said he would endeavour to give another lecture, as had been desired, bnt if time would not allow he hoped tint at some future date he would meet them again. — WulUcroo 2S*e». . - ? ? ? Here arc two good stories of ''Irish dis tress.' A landlord in the county Wostmeath has a tenant who refused the other day to pay his rent, amounting annually to soieo £530, pleading inability to do so from the. bad times. The landlord sent a courteous but firm letter to say that he must take steps to make him pay. A few days after the tenant appeared at the London residence of the landlord aud offered tojgire him £12.005 for tlie fee simple of the fawn ! A landlord in Ireland the other day, had some fat bullocks for sale, aud one of his tenants came and be came the purchaser, and paid for the cattle down— ready money— in sovereigns £ Tie landlord, oa going out, saw th? tenant's cart staudiug st tlie door, into which he ivas setting to drive away, and remarked some large full sacks iu the cart. 'Whfcthaxeyou gotthore in the sacks?' 'Sure, yer honor, it's the Relief male' (tueaD Andrew Aimers, who die! at Glinburgb recently, had been a compositor for seventv two years. He assisted in setting am tL-± *' W*\\*er o ?' novels, anl was one «f jthjfjew- persons . who knew and kegt the, secret ,;:: tlieir airtiionghin. . . - 