ODD NOTES. BY A BOSBMIAN. 'u;Ai,THOVon not an Irishman myself, either by birth or.education, yet my deepest sympathies lira with tho peoplo (f that nationality, and always, havo been us long sb I can remember. Why this should bo tho caso I cannot say, 'unless it is that tho Irish ure an oppressed and down-troddon race, and I instinctively sido with tho weaker party. In tho old country I bud a strong presentiment that tho demand for" Jus ticq to Ireland" was only h rcueonable and proper request on the part of tho patriots of tho sister Kingdom, eorI " went in" for Justice to Ire land with nn earnestness and rehemenco which might fairly bo.callod enthusiastic, and I have continued to advooato' theio claims to tho present day. But alack and alas-u-day! The sanguinary Saxon! is still too many for the Irish Celts, 'and, I am beginning to lose heart' nnd hopo in the possibility of secur ing justice to Irishmen in any part of tho British Dominions. - It Beoms mora nnd moro ovidsrit to ame that tho Irish under British - rule \\[ill always suffer more or less—generally rnoro—and that their only hope of emanoipntioh from'tlio'"gallingyokc" is to start's littlo ltepnhlio in Ireland on their own account'. l horer was : in Irolahd'to seo with my :own oyes hdw tho, invader crushed ont tho native in every direotion, but in Queensland here during the last sixteon years or so I haTo watohod the process most carefully, and it is scarcely necessary for mo to say that my blood has boiled with indignation at tho'crucl wrong and injustico wbioh Irishmen hare been made to suffer in this colony during that time. No Irishman has a ghost of a chanco of getting employment under tho Government; every Irishman is snubbed nnd sent about his busi ness. with a " ilea in his car," metaphorically spoiiking.. , And this, has been tho rulu for many years"; past. Quoeuslandora sternly determined-' that 'they would liuvo no Irish , ofliciuls "in this colony, and they have kept * thoir word. . Train tho highest to tho lowest whore can yon find an Irishman f I hope when Parnell l.aa thoroughly convinced tho pooplo of the United States of the wrongs of his countrymen that he will take a trip oyer here, and ronso ns to a sense of duty also. It seems, according to I arnell, that the cruellest injustice the Irish tenant farmer has now to endure is the paying of rent for tho land he holds. The owners of the land demand rent from those who occupy it, and persist in this outrageous demand with' a cold-blooded malignity awful to witness. Parnell has got up an anti-root paying associa tion, or something of tho kind, among the tenant farmers of his own country, but some of tho members aro not fiim enough, so ho hoa taken a trip to tho United States to etroDgthen tho cause, and get tho Americans to help tho tenant farmers of Ireland in resisting this tyrannical and unjnst impost. Every right minded man must wish him success in his enterprise. I do hope Parnell will come to Queensland when he has finished 08 with America. A touching story is told in tho Tooxcoomba Chronicle. There was an Agricultural and Horticultural Show at Toowoomba last week, and a farmers' dinner afterwards. The dinner was served in the Assembly Rooms, and tho " farmers" and their friends kept up tho mirth and fun until " th' wee ema' honr ayont th' twal." Even then there wera taken up from the feast more than twelve baakotsfill. But the fragments wore left in an adjoining room, and some boys with healthy appetites—full grown boys, some of them, without doubt sniffed these dsinty viands in the keen morn ing air,, took out a couple of weatherboards from the wall and—well, not to put too fine a point on it—they ate all those victuals. "When the landlady who provided the feast went at a later hoor to carry away the fragments she found that all difficulty on the subject had been removed. There was nothing left to carry away; nothing worth eating at all events. Then a howl of indignation went np. at the wickedness of those hnngry youths, and threats of terrible consequences if ever they were found out, which is not at all probable. But later on in tho day, as I learn from the Tooiceomba Chronicle, a few members of her Majesty's Ministry in Queensland and other.honoured and distinguished visitors were admitted to the "ooiety's show room, and, to quote the Chronicle, f'Tfceir progress was at marked a* that of. the destroying AngeL ■ The finest trait—the finest and most curious of everything—disappeared in their track as if they had beat Colorado beetles and Kansas grasshoppers,. with a bad drought, nut, and ail the insect plagues of Egypt combined. In their case tho committee, who are guardians in trnst, both for exhibitors and for the public who pay for entranoe to see the exhibits," smiled approvingly. The exhibitors felt highly honoured, and the Ministers left the ground with a comfortable dessert stowed away inside long before dinner, and several paroels in their pockets, hands, andartnB, and a proud consciousness beaming out in generous smiles from every feature, that they had patronised tbo Drayton and Toowoomba Agri cultural and Horticultural Show." This is just the way of the world. And it a'l comes of rejeoting Groom as president of the Drayton and Toowoomba Society. Nothing 0/ the kind ever happened or could possibly happen while he " bossed the concern." I hope it will be a warning to tbo members of this society for the future. It has often occurred to me since residing in this young and rising colony that if I wera s young man, with a sweetheart to look after, I should bo in a perpetual eta to of worry aa to where and when I could adequately and per sistently impress upon tho object of my affec tions tho deep and undying lore and devotion I felt for her. A shy man, like myself, cannot do this in a crowd, nor before parents and gnardianB, nor before his or her " uncles and cousins and annts." let, " from information received," as policemen say, I think young ladies now-a-days want an awful amount of " spooning" bestowed upon them by their lovers. I suppose it was a knowledge of these great truths which induced the proprietors of the steamer Settler to arrange for two moonlight trips to the hay" this week. I learn from tho daily papers thst the steamer was well patronised on both occasions, although the weather was unpropitious. This did not surprise mo in tho least. I know the ' old Settler Tory well. Tho ample epaco on her main deck and hurricane deck, and the manv j quiet corners to be found where " spooning" j csn be indulged in ab lib., as the doctors say, would, I well knew, prove an irresisti- I bio temptation to languishing youths and maidens, be the weather rough or smooth. A crusty old baohelor of my acquain tance who went down in a cynical humour— "just to see what big fools fellows could mako of themselves when they had pretty girls at their elbow," assures mo that tho amount of | kissing, hugging, laying of heads on manly bosoms, olssping of taper waists, and whisper, ing of aoft words fro and con on board tho Settlor on Tuesday night was enough to drive a sensible fellow mad. I daro say my f friend is right, but it must have been awfully j nice to the yonng'peoplo engaged, notwith standing: ? ' :: • Assurance: is a quality in which X hare always been deficient, and' nobody can tell how much I have coffered in consequence I hope I shall not be considered egotisti cal when I say that if I had not been such a very shy man I might have been io a high position at the present time. But thank good ness everybody is not like me. There are people in this colony who are not too shy to mention their own excellences and remind their friends of their fitness for some public position which they hanker ftftcr. Mr. Fred erick Hudson, of Warwick, seems to be one of these outspoken and candid young men. At the nomination of candidates for aldermen for the Muuicipality of Warwick on Saturday, January 24, Mr. Hudson, as one of the candi dates, addressed tbe meeting. He gently inti mated that some years ago, when Mayor of Warwick, he bad, in a playful mood, heaved a leaden inkstand at the head of an alderman who was slightly out of order—and it had been ft lesson to him which he would never forget* Ho said, according to the report in the local paper, " the throwing of that bottle (of coarse he meant inkstand} was the finest thing he had ever done in his life. Why ? It had taught him ever dace to keep bis temper—(cheers)— and although ho had been placed since that occasion in a position of great provocation ho had always managed to keep his temper. (Applause.)" It is an open question' whether it is better to keep a temper such as Mr. Hudson seems to be blessed or cursed with, or to lose it. If I were asked my private opinion it is just possible that I should decide upon getting rid of that sort of temper as soon as possible and adopt a mora amiable one. Bat this is a mere matter of opinion. It may be that the general run of aldermen in Warwick are so int&lectu; ally obtuse that it requires the impact of a leaden inkstand on their craninms to dnly im press them with the logical force of an argu ment. If this is so, why, a man who is Mayor and presides over such a board of aldermen requires to 11 keep" a temper such as Mr. F, Hudson seems to possess. Anyway, his re marks on the subject were received with cheers and applause, and therefore I conclude that he knew his audience very well, and that tb^ majority of them looked at the matte from his point of view. ' ' • 