THE TALMUD AND THE CHARITIES. Angela and minister* of grace defend us ! 13e thou a spirit of health or goblin damn'd! Uring'sfc with the ? airs from heaven or blasts from heU ? _ Be thy intents wicked or charitable Thau earnest in such a questionable shape, That I will speak to thee-(Hamlet, Act I-Ghost [dcene.) (To the Editor of Ike Bendi'jo Advertiser.) Sir,-What presumes to be a letter appeared in last Saturday's issue of a contemporary from a correspondent hiding himself under the 710m de plume of " Lake Hout." The modest writer reminds me of an out-door patient of a lunatic asylum, who \va3 sid!j' afllictcd with tho dangerous malady of scribble mania. One day he rushed into the house with delirious excite ment, terrifying almost to death his mother-in law, waving, in frantic fashion, a paper in his hand, and, with wild gestures, shrieked out, "They are all mine 1" The poor demented fellow was laboring under the hdllucination that he had drawn all the prizes in a lottery, fancy ing that all the blanks had been left in his bat, which ha triumphantly placed on his table. It -<J, ^c, blind ... ...les, then drew M- Imt them dowu pro ,-ge'sheot of paper. The in -mli a precious document would -^lial the rambling-of the epistle under ^ tice that dares defile tiio worci''chaii tics" uoless .thauoightfcimes; thataonnkiudlycastsa slur upon .an action which a generous mind would inter pret as pleading fur universal education, for catholic philanthropy;" that so'ungenerously at tempts to injure the welfare of noble institu tions, the sacred monuments of, huinariity"; that interferes' with thoipraikowortliy duties of the honorable geatlemen entrusted with the manage ment of., these institutions!- that unjustly im putes to a fellow-ihah nnwortliy motives, he the deed.;.ever so meritorious. " Luke' Hout's letter recalls,, to. niiu'd the 'celebrated 'quadruped of the son of Beor, #hose'only claim toibe mistaken for a man coasisted in itstaouthing; and yet, as soon as it commenced to .speak, it .admitted its asiai&e; identificatiou.i'"*Xhe\ words arrayed in Luke Hout's letter aro in themselves a3 harm less as an ;arir.y of.. skeleton, soldiers, but the ; bitter gall' with .which those words are impreg-: nated are as dangerous as the, venomous weapons placed in 'the hands of the skeletons in the dark. Luke Hout presumes to write in tho1 name of Charity. Luko Ho'it look3 more like a *' Luhus in ovis veslibus, a wolE in' sheep's cloth ing, cruelly endeavouring tcrpoison tho springs of charity that, well in tho human heart. If ho had a spark of' generous feeling in his heart, he might have allowed his inquisitive curiosity to be satisfied by private inquiry before rushing headlong into print, never" mind whom he knocked over in his precipitate liaste'. I know not'whether '. Luke Hout " 'shared" tlie opinion of the man who innocently asked whether tho Talmud was a new kind of *'sawing machine," or agreed with tho person who thought "talrmid was the namo of a recently imported alcoholic liquor! If " Luke Hout"" had.th'o slightest ac quaintance with the venerable'book, if he' only could appreciate the enormous labour, patience, and care a Jecture on such a vast'literature in volves, even he might have" assumed a'virtuo " and refrained from trying to put a damper on a subject of the highest human interest, which has only recently'attracted to itself the attention of tho. general literary: world. But ?"Luke Hout" seems to have been blissfully unconscious of all this, as well as of-the arrangements of the lecture, and his letter only -confirms the truth of the Talmudic assertion-" Since prophecy ceased, that power has been entirely monopo lised by fools." Suppose an entertainment of this kind, given for tho benefit of the charities, is, financially, a fuilure-; the charities risk nothing aud lose' nothing. But suppose it ;proves a sucoess; the charities gain'all the proceeds, minus what must inevitably be ex pended in advertising. Whether such an en tertainment will prove successful or not, no one can presage beforehand, except those who like .Luke Hout,' monopolise'tho prophetic power. Everyone that attended my; lecture, I have reason to believo, went away satisfied that full value had been received for the money expended. This,' indeed, is' my greatest reward, to ex perience inexpressible pleasure in having been the humble means of affording intellectual de light to the people of Saudh'urst in literary ' minds, whose valuable treasures have'never be-i fbtc' to' my "knowledge, been' exhibited' in the colouies. . For the future, let * Luke Hout'; impress upon hig mind this 'Talmudic' lesson, which will 'prove useful to him in life; : " Judge . everybody charitably,"o dictum which will per-. haps remind, hitn of a similar 'sentiment' ex pressed in Luke, as af happy contrast to tlie, magnificent spirit which pervades ^tho' letter of " Luke Hout."- " Judge not and yc shall hot be judged;'condemn not -aud-ye shall not be condemned " (Luke'vi. 37). -And-if "Luke Hout" thinks that he "has been harshly dealt .with, let him remember another saying of the Talmud^-" With the measure that a man mea sures (to others},; it shall be measured, unto hiirij" with which he may compare the sentence, "For the same measure that yon mote withal it Bhall:be measured unto you again" (Luke'vi.3S). I trust that you, Mr> Editor, who have been invoked as a " minister of grace to defeiid us," will pardon mo foe having trespassed upon your valuable space, assuring you that I should not have taken the trouble to reply to a "shadow o£ a ghost" if 'there' were not 'many nervous persons who get'frightened on bcholdiug a "Dead corse again in complete steel, Keviaits thus the glimpses of the moon . . : So horribly to shake our disposition." i. am, sir, yours obediently, . ISIDORE MYERS. Sandhurst,17th December. : 