A WALK WITH A VENTEILO The party comprised Elliston tho actor, and Alexandra the ventriloquist. Their first stop was- towards Oharinf Cross, The, splendid houses how ' forming Pall ] Mall Eait had just boen ere'tod. Reaohing Cockspur- street, it was settled that the aotor should givo the Fronchman the ouo whon he was to vontrilo quise, by kicking his ahina. ? ; 'You must animate One of these carcases,' siiid Elliston, surveying the unfinished building ; 'here is an empty house that wants a tenant ; you must supply one.'; ; The workmen had long retired from the labour of the day, and though the windows were without sashos, and there was littlo to steal in the several' houses, the doors of them were caroful y looked to prevent homeless vagabonds ooenpying thorn for the night. The dusk favoured the performance. Plant ing themaolvef) oloso to the railings of tho first of these edifices— 'Throw your voice into the vaults below,' whispered the comedian. ' You musk be a poor fellow who, having got drunk and fallen asleep, has tumbled into some hole or another. Call for assistance, and beg to be let out.' The ventriloquist not without eomo trepida tion, did as he was desired, aud Elliston com menced his part — not his first appearanoe in ' the Confederacy !' His exolamationB of sur prise, commiseration, indignation, tea., soon at tracted the notion of the pasBers-by ; » voice was plainly heard begging to be extricated. ' What is it I oned one. . . ' A, drunken man,' said another. 1 Call the watch,' Baid a third. ? Breuk open the door,' said a fourth. i The watobmnn of the district advanoed, calling the . hour ; seeing a mob ho lost no: time in joining it. ' Och, by St. Bridget's flannel petticoat,' Baid he,: on hearing the cries,.' but it's that divil's own darlint, Tim Corcoran ; sure enough, he's been havinir a trifle too much refreshment, and they've overlooked the Bpalpeen and looked him ir?; faith it's a way^e's got, but we musn't let 'him remain thor*. It's a oow'd night, more by token that I've just !taken a'.noggenofjthe cratur myHelf— then isn't he a countryman f By the' powers I'll go and get tho keys and lot him out directly — be aisy wid you thore, Tim) it's myself, your friend Shamus M'Guire, that's coming ,to let you out with my lantern, and willdo.it beautifully in no time, bo be aisy wid you.'' ???''? -Proceeding to a tradesman in the neighbour hood, with whom the keys were deposited, honest Shamus soon returned with them. The mob had now considerably increased, and all -was impatience and anxiety. The door waB speedily unlocked and Shamus descended. , ' Do you see him, do you see him?' oried every one. ? '?' . ' Dovil a haporth,' answered Shamus. \- ' Have you found the hole f ' 1 Not a bit of it — there's no drunken man here.' ? A kiek on the -ventriloquist's shins caused a renewal of the entreaties for help. The mob were greatly enraged at this proof of Shamus 8 fallibility. 1 You are drunk yourself,' they shouted; ' the poor fellow's crying help now, we can hear him quite plain.' ' 1 Drunk ! and is it me that's drunk. By the powers, but you may come and look yourselves, then ; but stay, I'll just search the baok pre mises. Oh, murder, murder, murder!' ' ? What's the matter ? Have you found the holeP' ' Sure and I have !' . ' Then why don't you pull the poor fellow. out of it P 'Ooh, by tho powers! for a mighty (rood raisin, I am in it myself np to the ohm ! Help me out, help me out ! I shall be murdered if I stay here three minutes longer.' Fully persuaded that he -would be murdered if he stayed three minutes longer, tho ventrilo quist here availed himself of tho confuBion oreated by this discovery to take Frenoh leave. ' I 'was oertain some one was in the vault,' snid Elliaton ; ' you see I was right, ray friends. Go down and help the sufferer out direotly, but take care you don't get into the hole yourselves aB watchey has done.' XJ]fl 111UU UUOVDU Ilia UllOUflviiai auu tvuiiu Ihey disappeared in the cellar to extricate tihamuB, ho with the narrator aleo disappeared in search of the ventriloquist, leaving watohey to got out of the cesspool as well as he oonld. Overtaking Alexandre in the Haymarket, thoy made their way to a retired locality, where a celebrated anatomical leoturer had then a museum, or menagerie, as the populace more commonly colled it. ' This will be the very thing,' eaid Elliaton to the Frenchman, suddenly 'recolleoting the oir cumstance. ' As you have succeeded so woll: with the caroaBS in Cockspur- street, I'll try if I can't find y u. an equally good subject here. My friend shall help us, we can't want one with him.' The house in whioh the nnatomiBt resided was a large mansion. The front of it looked on a garden, while only one side of it was ; in the street. To this a ' dead' wall skirting the garden not inappropriately conducted. In the garden itself were chained several vultures, and other birds, of prey, fed, according to . vulgar report,' -on very ogre sort of fare, having daily Promotheus's dish for dinner. Some cauldrons or coppers, it was stated, wore in these gardens, in which very questionable broths were continually conoocted. In the side of the houso, facing the Btreet, a blank mass of brickwork already mentioned, thero was a grated aperture afford ing both light and air to a vault beneath. It was now between nine and ten ; there was not a soul to be soon in the street, except an anoient dame who was descending some steps at the further end of the place, bearing a ? hot meat-pie which she was bringing from a baker's. ' ''..', 'Now then,' said ElliBton to the vontrilo quist, ' throw your voice into that vault. You are a dead body wanting to get out. You are a skeloton wishing to take the air. ;Wo 'can nover havo a better opportunity ; now. for :it,' -1.' ' ,?? ;?.. -. ? ??'? ?. Piteous groanB were immediately heard, i ' Lot me out, lot me out !' cried a voioe ren dered more natural by, the apprehension of the ventriloquist.-- '?' '- '...?? i -ilil . ' What's the matter ?' said an old lady, op proaohing. ' 'Upon my word, I don't know, my good ma'am,' said Elliston ; ' but there seems some person in great distress hero — listen !' Hero he kicked the ventriloquist's shiuB. ' 'For goodness buUo, help mo out!' groaned the. voice, apparently in the laBt agonies. :? * Graoioua preservo mo !' cried the old lady, turning deadly pule, and unconsciously letting fall the pie, which was reduced as the Ameri can say, to immortal smash. . J The portly butlor of ? -, ' an eminent solicitor who lived in tbo etreot, at this moment appeared, and advancod towards them. '. 'What's the matter ?' askedhe. 'i 'That's what 'we want to know,' said Ellis ton: '.listen, my friend!' ? ! Another kick on Alexandro's shins. ; 'Oh, tho villain!— tho rascal!' vooiferatod the butler, on hearing the groans and exclama tions. ' Not content with getting subjeota ready_ killed, ha keopB them, and kills them aB he wants them — I have lave long euspeoted this — we aro none of us aafo !' j' ' Why, who Hvob hero !' Buid Elliaton, affec ting much ignorance. - 'Who lives here ? Why, ? ?, the anatomist, to bo sure.' . * ' Then that fully accounts for it,' said tho comedian dtily ; ' but tho dead body muqt not bo suffered to remain and perish hero.' ' A couple of labourers returning from; their work, and somo other idle personB' now joined them, and in turn hoard tho groans and ex clamations — tho genoral sonsation became very strong againet the unconaoious anatomist; ' Wrotoh — monBtor — murder !' resounded from all uidce, the assemblage becoming 'every moment greater. ; ? They would certainly have broken all squares with the dcaaector, had any windows presented themselves for them to exorcise their rage upon ; luokily, as-has boen said, there was only tho brick wall. ',).[,.' { ? ? ' Knock at the door^ — knookot-tho door,' was now the universal cry ; ' it's somebody come to life again 1 Knock at tho door.' I A vigorous' cannonade was promptly ran's-' ?wored by the indignant footman. ! 'What la the meaning of this hullahbaloo P' ho askod. '' What are you kloking up this riot forf ' Meaning enough,' answered the mob ; ' yon are as bad as y'onr master ; but como and con vince yourself.! ? ??- Another nttaok of tho ventriloquist's ahins again ulioitoa oiies of distreBB, and prayers for help. .-..._. .'????' Tho footmnn was paralysed. ' What da you think of that, friend forub V said Elliaton. ' That h dy must havo been placed there,' said ihe conscience- stricken footman, ' while I :was gone for the beeryhalf an hour ago.' i ' Thon, you hear/ said tho actor, ' he oon 'fesses he went to -etoh the bier for the body.' Hissings and hootings followed this palpable oonviction. . . ' I'll be on my corporal oath,' said the foot, man, perspiring at every pore, ' there has not been a single subjeot here these three wooki.' 'Then how comes it, it iB oalling for nasiB tance now f You don't mean to Bay it's the poor oroaturo's ghost, do you?' said ElliBton. ' Oh, it's a dear case,' said the butler. 'You are a disgrace, to the cloth ; and as to your going to get beer for your unfortunate victims, I don't believo, a word of it. Why don't you let the poor creature out? — shameful— soan- dalous!' Tho footman in his endeavours to expulpate himsolf, now began making several acknow ledgements that Only tonaeo to increase me belief and indignation of the mob at his mas ter's rrmlpraoticeB. At this moment, attracted by the noise, the anatomist himself made his appearance, and hearing the cause of the disturbance, absolutely fnimfd at tbn mouth with f urv. ' It's all a vile conspiracy,' said he, ' to ruin me!' ???-.? ? Conspiracy !' said several voioes, ' let your own ears convince you.' The anatomist approached : Elliston re sumed kioking the. shine of hia oompanion, aa ho supposed, but angry ejaculations from an old gentleman of 'What, the;. deuce are you atr' &c;, made it evident that the affrighted ven triloquist had; vanished. . _ ' Well, what-, am I to listen to ? . Baid the exulting anatomist.af ter a dead pause ; ' I hear nobody.'l . .. ; ?;. :.;.:?: - . . ? . ??. ' No body speaks now, sure, enough,' said tho mob. , ? ' ' ? ? ?? ? ' ? ? ( ' No, the poor fellow ,has 'died over again, while we have been'tulking,' saidjEllison, in a feigned voice!' ' '.'..'. ? It's all a . vile .conspiracy,! repeat, said the anatomist, in. ajgreat passion. ' AsoandalouB libel. I give' ten pounds to 'any' one who'll discover the scoundrel that has set this in famous leport afloat.' . ;- ; '.'? I'll swear.l.heard tHe' voice,' saidsthej butf ler. 'You know, friend,' turning to one -of the spectators, ' That I told you ? -'' ' ?~~ ' Oh, yeB : you are the person'' that first pointed it out, certainly.' ,. ,. .,_ . . ? xuen you J. u umno autu ui, ooiu uno ou raged dissector, collaring the butler. ' Here watch — watch !' 1 Don't lay.hands on me,' Baid the butler,^ struggling the anatomist. 'I' won't eat my words: you know you are- a fellow- that would make an anatomy of anybody, but you Bhan't polish my bones ; let mo go.' A desperate struggle now took place between the butler and the anatomist, each got the other by the throat, and both were in a qoudi tion of speedily becoming subjeots in reality, when Elliston, sidling up to the anatomist, whisperedin his ear. ? ???* ? ? ♦*. ? Confounded me, if it isn't ElliBton !' oried the amazed lecturer, oatabing for tho first time a complete view of the comedian's features. ' I have been finely . hoaxed— rarely trioked ! 'Unloose me, friend, I withdraw my charge.' Before, however, he could get extricated Elliston bad retreated in search of the terrified ventriloquist, and the mob wero only at length appeased by a personal inspection of the cellar, and tho participation of a barrel of small ale, luckily its sole contents ; but thoy took nothing particular Dy tne motion, as « aicerwuruu ap peared that the ale was only placed thBro be cause it happened to be — dead ! 