AN INCIDENT OP THE ELECTION. BY A BUDDING CONSERVATIVE. HE was a Berryite of the deepest dye, whilst I was a thoughtful and observant politician of advanced conservative opinions. His name was Bulger, and mine , but that is of no consequence. Of course I had the supremest contempt for old Bulger politically, and I made it my business to look him up once a day and chaff him about the "great liberal cause"—that is to say, since the twenty- eighth of February last. Previously to that date I-took no pleasure in poking fun &t; old Bulger. In fact I may say that old Bulger had the best of me in the chaffing line for the three years before. I made the most of the Service reign, however, and every lunch' hour I called on old Bulger with my aggravating question— " Well, old man, and what is Berry going to do now, with his solid majority of firm supporters ?" Occasionally I stirred up old Bulger with what I considered a decidedly neat allusion to the unfurnished embassy accounts, or appeared burning with anxiety to know whether the next Berry Administration would take in Jack Gardiner as Minister of Public Sports. Old Bulger would only reply with a fatuous smile, or say— "Wait a little, and you shall see what you shall see." But I knew that his smile was only put on to cover the pain he felt at my biting humour and withering sarcasm. In pugilistic parlance I had got him by the "wool" and I " let him have it." Just prior to the last election, I went carefully through the list of candidates. I bought an Argus containing the results of the previous election, and closely scrutinised the voting. From Ararat to Wimmera I travelled observantly, on paper, and I saw plainly the composition of the new Parliament—on paper. Gaunson I relegated to the obscurity of private life, Vale I replaced with Blackett, I told a Story that he would be supplanted by a man who was every inch a King, and Jack Gardiner I doomed to a political beer. I had it all cut and dried, and arguing from the fact that the Catholic vote had declared in favour of the Constitutional candidate at Kyneton, I counted upon its being cast for the good cause throughout the colony. I made out the numbers thus :— For the Service Reform Bill 51 Against the Service Reform Bill 35 Majority in favor of Bill ... 16 I went over the list twice to make sure that there was no mistake, and finding everything correct, I determined to give my Berryite friend Old Bulger another turn. On the day preceding the election I sent round to see him. " Well, Mr. Bulger," I said, "and how are the elections going this time?" He smiled that fatuous smile of self-satisfied superiority and looked me over with pitying, but none the less supreme contempt, as he replied— " Well, young man, I have just glanced at the list of candidates, and I believe I am not far out in prophesying the result as 51 to 35." "Oh," I replied, "then you anticipate defeat, if you only give Berry 35 seats in the new House?" " Oh no, I don't," rejoined Old Bulger. " It is Service to whom I give the 35 seats. There will be 51 new members opposed to him." I was so staggered that for an instant I could not speak—staggered, not at the probability of such an absurd result, but at the political ignorance and insane expectations of this ancient Berryite who stood before me, grinning from ear to ear and nodding his empty head like a Chinese automaton. My first impulse was to take out my list from my pocket and show him how I had disposed of Gaunson, Story, Vale, and others, but I thought better of it. I determined not to crush him there and then, but to wait until after the election. When the numbers were up and I could speak authoritatively, I will come down on him and, so to speak, or as tJack'Gardiner would say, "as it were," annihilate him incontinent. "You have very sanguine expectations, Mr. Bulger," I said, chuckling and rubbing my hands—" Don't you wish you may get them realised, Mr. Bulger? You are sure you wouldn't like to make it 61 instead of 61 against the Service Reform Bill, would you, Mr. Bulger ? Perhaps you expect a repetition of the 11th of May, 1877, Mr. Bulger—don't say no if you mean yes." "No," said Old Bulger, chuckling and rubbing his hands—"51 seats will be quite enough this time, thank you. "Well, Mr. Bulger," I replied, " I shouldn't like you to be disappointed in the fulfilment of any desire upon which you have set your heart, but do not be surprised if those very numbers you mentioned are exactly reversed!" I said this impressively, for I wished Old Bulger to remember, after the election was over, that I had tipped the precise figures. He did not seem much impressed by my prophetic utterances, for he only smiled more fatuously than ever, and, no doubt, set me down as a young fool. For my part I chuckled at the prospect of his impending discomforture, and jingled my keys, and felt convinced that Bulger was rapidly drifting into drivelling idiotcy. How I enjoy the election-day, to be sure ! After recording my vote, I amused myself by thinking what I should say to Old Bulger when I met him after Service was returned with 51 staunch supporters. Lord! how I would chaff him about it. What jokes I would make on the Berryite collapse 1 I rather flattered myself that Old Bulger wouldn't be able to raise up the ghost of that fatuous smile when next I saw him, and I thought it highly probable that before another dissolution took place, Old Bulger would be representing a shattered Berryite intellect in the House of Yarra Bend. Yes, I felt that the hour_ of my triumph and Bulger's annihilation were at hand. What W The Catholic vote given against the Constitutional party! For the Service Reform Bill 35—against it 51—Impossible!! Why, hang it, old Bulger was right after all, and I won't be able to chaff him when next we meet. I don't want to meet him. I don't care if I never set eyes upon the smiling old idiot again, Hallo, there he is coming down the street—I Bhall be off in the opposite direction. What does the old beggar want to be following me about, poking senseless fun at me, and making insane jokes on the defeat of my party? The grinning old hyasna, he ought to be locked up, that's what he ought. When next I meet him I shan't know him. I shall cut him dead—that's what I shall do. 