HEWS OF THE WEEK. With this issno wo present each of our sub scribers with tho customary Almanac, also a pocket calendar, and wish ono and all a. happy now year. The English circus is announced to play in Gundagai this evening, and, as it will bo some time loforo such a good equestrian ontortain mont will again visit this town, we premise that there will be a good attendance. In our last issuo wo stated what wo knew about tho com pany and thoir performances. The following lettor of congratulation on tho capturo of tho Moonlito gang has been received by Mr. Sub.-InBpector Medley from the Urana bench of Magistrates, and a copy has been givon to each of tho men who took part in the (iff ray : — Court-house, Urana, 20th Novombor, 1879, Sir, — I have tho honor to inform you that I havo boon requested by tho Magistrates of this bench to offor you their hearty congratulations, on tho successful issuo of tho lato encounter' with Moonlito's. gang of armed bushrangers, and the}' also, desiro to express thoir admira tion of tho courage, tact, and determination displayed by the police who, were ongagod on that occasion. I havo the honor to be,, sir, Tour obediont servant, (Signed) Wm. Faeij, J.P. J. E. Modloy, Esq., gub- inspector, Wngg(i Wagga. By advertisement it will seen that Mr. Paul, . who camp to Gundagai at the boginning of last year as Air, Sheedy's shopman and small-goods limn, has arrfinged with tho latter to carry on tho business on his own account. Yesterday, being Now Year's Day, was observed as a holiday at tho government offices, anil consequently no selections wero taken up at tho Laud-offico. Ti.ie Rov. Mr. Ilolt. lato Church of England clergyman at Gundagai, waited upon Sir Henry Parl;i;5 on Tuesday (says tho ' Evening News ') to urgo tlxo nicreano oi fho pension granted to the widow of. constable ilawen from £73 to i!00. The ley, gentleman stated that there y;i.s a reason why (ho lpeioa'se shofllcl lie mado, anil he also asimil that assistance shqu|d bo. graced to enable Mrs. Bo-.vuu to go to the hpme country. Sir Henry l'arkes ?ecei ved. both requests favourably. AT a yell-attended meeting of tho ratopayors of Manly, hold on Tuesday niyht in the pavilion, Ivanhoe I'urk, a resolution to tho effect that M r. Kellelier, the inspeptor of nuiennccn, is unfit fur his ol!Jce was unanimously currieq. Ox hud 'aftor, Saturday next tho mails for Bruuglo will bo mado up and dispatched from Gu.idagai direct s via Tarrabandra overy Wed nesday and Saturday. Ox Wednesday 1000 mixed sheep passed through town en route to Clarondon. Thoy wore tho proporty of Mr. James Brabin, having boon purchased by him from Mr. Bootes, of Mundarlo. We havo to acknowledge receipt of ' Tho American Travellor,' a journal published in London in tho interest of visitora from tho United States. It is thoroughly American in tone, and contains a great deal of useful infor mation, including a list of Americans, resident in London and also tho chief European cities. Whon will Australia bo roprosontod in. the com morcial capital of tho world by a special' organ ? Another number of tho ' Amorican Exporter,' of which publication wo gave a somewhat lengthy roviow last month, is to hand. It is only necessary to say that tho number beforo us fully maintains tho reputation gained by its predecessors^ Wo havo also to acknowledge rccoipt of ? Voice,' a journal dovoted to voico culture. It contains somo useful articles on tho causes and euro of stammering. This journal should bo in tho hands of all school tcachors. It is published at Albany, U.S.A. i The -word. ' Pqlioemau'' admits of i 429 transpositions, as under, and which have beon supplied by Master J. Wells, of Adolong Crossing : — Aim, aloo, ail, an, alo, acme, ace, Alice, ample, ancle; climo, claim, clap, clip, clcan, clan, co., coal, came, cano, Cain, cap, capo, como, cono, can, camp, copo, camel ,* Eli, elm ; in, ice, imp, incomo ; lace, lain, lap, limn, lip, limp, lico, limo, lino, lamo, lion, lane, lone, loan, lamp, lean, lop, lo, lanco, lio, loin, leap, lea ; maple, man, men, minco, malo, mean, mail, mion, mole, maco, mile, moan, map, ma, main, mo, mino, mane, mopo, malice, moal, mice, menial, mop, moion; nail, Nilo, nap, name, nip, no, nape, nil, nice ; omen,, opon, onco, one, oil, on, opal, ope ; police, place, pen, pin, pan, pal, polo, pa, pie, plan, pail, pile, pole, peai, paco, plain, piano, pain, pano, pea, pcaco, pine, palm, plea, pencil, panol, penal, plaico, panic. Amen. '. New Year's-eye passed off Tory quiotly in Gundagai, and thcro was little of that larrikin ism indulged in which was so prevalont in times passed. Som? high spirits, however, determined to sing tho old year out and tho how year in, and accordingly thoy marched up tho street about midnight, singiug ' Old Brown's Daughter ' and other favorito airs to tho ac companiment of kcrosono tins. On thoir way they encountered Senior- constablo McElligott, ?who remonstrated with them on tho impropriety of thoir conduct. One of tho porformors, in roply, stated that ho had boon in many towns in Now South Wales, and that tho right to parade tho streots had novor in his cxperionco boon previously questioned. Choors wore thon called for, and wero heartily given, for tho Queen and for Mr. Lovo, Police Magistrate. A proposition was mado to similarly honor tho seniorcon stable, and was responded to in a manner which l),e might take as complimentary or tho reverse, as he felt inclined. An attempt was made to ring &e;^-eU of the Roman Cntholte^lff.rohfat 12 o'clock, but the rope broke. Somo larrikins, wo are informed, romoved from off its hinges ono of the gates at that church, which, however, thoy did not othorwiso injure. It is, of course, usual in country towns to indulgo in larks on NW Year's morning, fittd so long as property is not injured they are not VSrj' Mpfellfinsiblo ; but we certainly think places of worship ought to be considered as exempt from interference by tho players of practical jokes. The Govornmont has instructed Mr. Hanson to prepare a handsomo obelisk to bo erected over tho grave ot tho lato constable Jjowon at Gundagai. Letters havo beon rccoived in Sydnoy stating that Sir Horcules Kobinson has givon up all idea of visiting tho Exhibition. TnE Now Guinea oxploror, Mr. Andrew Goldio, arrived in Sydnoy on Tuesday by tho steamer Normanby. A prisoner in Darlinghurst jail has been committed for trial at the next Quartor Sessions on. a charge of cutting and wounding anothor inmate of tho prison. Ok Sunday morning a child named John Aloxandor McCaskell, living in Wentworth Iane, during the temporary nbsenco of his mother from the room, crept up to tho breakfast table, and overset a pot of hot tea, the contents falling over him, Ho was severely scalded, and died at 10 o'clock next morning. There is overy probability (tho 'Observer' remarks} ot Tamworth haying m its midst, at an early dato, Lord Augustus Loftus and Bishop Barkor, of Sydney. Tho Bishop is coming to preside at the ceremony in connection with tho laying of the foundation-stone of tho Anglican church school-houso, and, if Lord Loftus can mako it convenient to leave Sydnoy at the same timo, it is his intention to bo amongst us. Nothing yot has boon decided betwoen the Victorian Government and tho Associated Banks. It is believed that a National Bank of Issuo, as hinted by Sir Bryan O'Loghlon, will bo included in the Ministerial programme at the elections, A TELEGRAM from Wagga to tho '. Sydnoy Daily Telegraph ' says : — A rumour is afloat that Sorgeant Vizzard will bo dismounted nnd sent (o, Newcastle, in consequence of his refusal to go to. Wantabadgery. It is known as a fact that Yizzard begged to go, but was refused, and if ho is sent »way for these reasons it will bo tho result of grosa misrepresentations, It is believed horo that tho bushraugors would novor liayo goiio beyond Wantabadgery if Viiiaird had been in charge, lie being .V °hl Crimean voteran, and ono ot tho best shots, in tuo pojico forco. Somo public action W'.U probably bo taken to retain Sergeant Vizzanl at 'Wagga. The omployes of' tho English qnd Scottish Bank. Adolnido, have presented Mr. Stratford, tho accouutunt, with a gold watch on his leaving tho baiik after a quartor of a century's servifp. A DREADFUL accident occurred at the tunnel on the railway between Tamworth and Uralla. A man named Jones sustained fearful injuries bv a gunpowder explosion. He was insensible and not expected to survive. We wore much amused this wool: to hoar it | stated that a ghost had boon soon in a houso in | Murrurundi. A woman and hor family it appeal's, on Saturday last, moved into a lionso which had beon ompty for somo months — tho former occupant having died suddenly. On Wednesday she had her offoets romovod, saying that sho could not remain there, as sho had soon Mr. So-and so's spirit. Wo havo not hoard what form tho spirit took, or what was tho object of its visit — but rathor suspect it was somo phantasy of an ovor-oxcitod brain. Tho favorito ' spirit ' of tho deceased gontloman wo forgot at tho presont timo. — ' Timos.' Some days ago Mr. Charles Hbnry Roberts of Mayflold, Lower Boro, mot with a singular accidont, which might havo boon attended with vory serious consequoncos. Ho was riding down ono of his paddocks whon ho saw a largo flock of kangaroos, aftor which his dog immediately started. Ho followed for a short distance, whon losing sight of tho dog, ho pulled up his horso. in order to listen if ho could hear it fighting with a kangaroo. Shortly aftor a largo ' old man,' which had escaped from tho dog, camo straight towards tho spot where Mr. Boberts was sitting on tho horse. Boforo ho could wheel tho animal round, tho kangaroo ran in between its foro logs and turned it complotoly over, of course precipitatuig Mr. Eoborto to tho ground, where ho lay insensible' for upwards of an hour. 'Whon ho roco'vorod consciousness ho was unablo at first to remember what had happonod, until a littlo bov. a son of hiB. camo un and told him. For sovoral days ho suffered from giddiness in tho head, but now feols littlo or no incon venience from tho offects of his unoxpocted bustor. — * Braidwood Dispatch.' The final trial of wheat harvostors took placo in Adelaido on Wednesday last. Thebe was a- very largo ottondanco at tho Braidwood raccs last Friday. Mr. Berry resumed his olcction tour on Mon day. no will speak at Eaglehawk. HAitVEsTDfO is progressing favourably around usual. The Freemasons colobratcd St. John's Day by a meeting at noon and a dinner in tho ovon ing at Armidalo. TnE sugar industry is progressing at Ballina. A large area of land will bo under cano next season. The West Australian Govornmont intend to introduce Cobb's coaches for tho inland mail sorvico. The pantomimes at tho Victoria and Boyal Theatres, Sydnoy, aro largoly attondod, the former being especially successful. The oratorio 'Eli' was successfully per formed at tho Victoria Theatre on Christmas night by tlio Sydnoy Musical Union. I?r Sj'dnoy thoro wore 200 births and 1 90 deaths last month. The Cliinoso lopor in Sydnoy is dissatisfied with tho attendant sent to V'ait upon him, as he has tho discaso much worso than tho former. At Burrowa last Tuesday, James Ayde and Thomas Goolejyvero committed for.tria^ on a l&argi; apeiioo]£stAling. Last week a Mrs. Macguiro, of Tass, who was a passongor by tho train coming towards Cootamundra,.loaped out of a carriage window. Sho was considerably ehakon and bruised. A free breakfast was givon in tho Sydnoy Exhibition grounds on Christmas morning to jvbo.U^ 120 poor cliiidreii. I Over 63,000 passongors wore carried on tho North Adelaido and Kensington tram.-qars last week. Near tho Braidwood racocourso two horses, collided and wore killed instantly. Ono ridor was Ladly hurt. A Mns. Leech was drowned at St. Kilda baths, while bathing, last Friday. Tho husband refused to take tho body homo, v A horrible murder was porpotratod at Tam worth last week, tho victim boing a woman named Bolk, othorwiso King, and tho deed is supposed to havo boon committed by a China man named Kin?, with who m, it was said, tho woman had lived for several years. Sho had been stabbed in tho neck and thon dragged down a hill, whero sho died, and was thoro found. A mas named Morrissoy was struck on tho head with a tumbler at Morpeth, thrown at him, by anothor man, and bled to death from tho wound. A 8EKIOT7S accidont happenod at Wagga to Mr. Patience, of Watson Bros.; whilst assisting to lift a cask. It appears that tho man who was engaged with him in lifting tho cask lost his noiu, and tno wnoio weight jell on Jttr. Jfationco, and ruptured tho blood vossels of his back. A* jsan named Georgo Luscomb, aged 23 yoars, was admitted into tho Nowcastle Hospital, having sustained serious injuries to the abdomon through boing struck with the hawser, pf. the steam-tug Buhgaree. A new Masonic Lodgo was opo-ned at Dubbo. The craft was fully represented, and tho hall is described as one of tho best out of Sydnoy. ?? The Newcastle export of coal for last week was 10,487 tons, and tho rovenuo received at the Custom Houso for the samo week, £12,207. On Saturday night all tho places of amuso ment in Molbourno wero well attended, par ticularly the Opera Houso, whero tho pantomime was much admired. j TnE German Modical Congress at Eisenaoh has declared vivisection necessary in tho in terests of soionco in general and of medicino in particular. Kelly nnd Leon's now tlieatro. in York streot, Sydney, was successfully oponecl last Friday night with tho' comic opera of ' Tho Doctor of Alcantara.' . . The Brighton and suburban lines last Friday carried about 400,000 persons to St. Kilda beach and Brighton, Victoria. The judges in tho South Australian wheat hai yestors' competition havo sent in thoir report. Thoy stato that no machine so thoroughly ful filled all tho required conditions as to justify thein awarding the bonus of £4000, At n picnic at Port Hughes, Adelaide, tho son of l[r. Jolly, of Moonta, was killed tlirough being kicked behind tho ear by a horse. . . Grasshoppers aro vory numerous and are doing muoh damago in Lower Rivorina. Millions of locusts havo passed through Gawlor Town towards Adolaide. Thoy aro for tunatoly too lato to injure tho crops. A Chinaman named Ah Ching was found murdored ill his hut, at Chewton, Victoria, on Friday night. The stables and promises of Mr. M'Lonnan, produce merchant, of Elizabeth-strcot, Brisbane, wero destroyed by firo last Thursday night. All tho horsos woro saved, also a prize bull, which was in tho stables. JJimiNO tho holidays, two or threo casualitos occurred in Victoria; but onlj- ono en so was roportod fatally, when a boy named ? Woarno, riding in tho hurdlo raco at Stawoll, died from injuries ho received through being thrown. Mit. W. Lorando Jones writing to ono of tho Sydnoy papers says,— Sir Henry Parkos is incorrect in stating that Now South Wales founded Molbourno. John Pascoo Faulkner1 was tho founder. Ho built tho first liouso oil tho banks of tho Yarra. The cricket matches on tho Oval at Adelaide woro not played on Saturday, owing to tho rain. Tho grass on it has boon complotoly stripped by locusts. \ M- letter from Williams, th'o oonviotod bush ranger at Darlinghurst, addressed, to a porson called Long, living at Ballarat, and formerly employed as publisher of a local paper, oxprossed his gratitude for the kindness shown him by thoso who gavo ovidonco as to his character. Ho bitterly deplores his misconduct, and thanks God he did not shoot Constable Bowen. i ; A 'well-attended public mooting was heji in Wagga on Tuesday ovouiug, Mr. H. *. Fitzhardingo (tho Mayor) boing in tho chair, for tho purposo of eliciting pnblic opinion as to tho proposed Education Bill. It was moved by Mr. Spier, and seconded by Archdeacon Pownall — ' That this meeting cordially approvos of tho Education Bill now boforo Parliament, and pledges itsolf to accord its support thoroto.' Tho resolution was carried. Mr. Garland pro posed, and tho Eov. Mr. Stuart seconded, — ' That a petition bo prosontod to both Houses of Parliament, in accordanco with tho above, and urgo tho necessity of having this school proclaimed a high-class school,' which was agreed to. Mr. Shaw proposed, and tho Bov. Mr. Monahan seconded, — 'That a committeo be appointed in ordor to carry out tho petition,' which was also carricd. Tho mooting was a very unanimous one, and numbers present at tho meeting signed petitions in tho room. A voto of thanks to tho chairman, moved by Archdoacon Pownall, seconded by Mr. Garland, conoludcd tho meeting. On Saturday ovoning during a heavy thundor storm at Quirindi, tho lightning struck a troo near Mr. John Domoyor's residence, whon a falling limb broke ono of his arms. Ho lingered for an hour and a half, whon ho died from shock to tho svstom, aged CD. Ho leaves a widow and an adult family. An inquest was hold whon tho abovo facts woro elicited. 