LADIES' COLUMN. SUNDAY AFTERNOON IN THE BOROONDARA CEMETERY. A prettier drive can hardly be desired, after passing through the environs of Rioh mnnd, than out through ICcw, ono of our prettiest suburbs, to Boronndara. Evan though the >- vehicle be a jolty omnibus, far too closely packed for comfort, and though tho dust and glara ore far from agreeable accessaries, still the pretty peeps of scenery nlong the road go far enough to reconcile one to all discomforts. Some, of, tho residences you pass are most picturesque. There was one pretty gabled housO,builtof brown wood, with a gay garden in front, wbioh looked tho picture fo prosperous lovo in a cottage, while a rambling, many- windowed -mansion, standing in immense grounds, looked quite fit to harbor ghosts and goblins under its ample roof. There are not wanting either those tiny cottages, oo often the background tZl & lanrlsnann r4s»irntnr». I , hardly looking fit for human boinga' dwellings, white-washed and thatched, with a decided tendency to lean considerably on one side or the other. The ugly brickkilns apoil one part of the "road with their untidy appearance. In ' the 'omnibus was a young boy, with a delicate face and largo ex- pressive bluo eyes, who I soon found was deaf and dumb. It was wonderful to ceo with what rapidity he and his father con- versed on their fingers, Knowing thp art slightly, I could tell the father was repeating, word for word, tho conversation, taking plane between two ladies, evidently relations to them. Some of the toilettes on the ladies in the omnibus were fresh and pretty, and T pitied the owners for tho dreadful state of crush they would bo in when they omergsd frem their prison. One was of olaret.colored satir.ette and maize Bilk ; the waistcoat, it broad sash; a wide flounce at ths bottom, and tho under part of the sleeve were maize ; the rest claret. It was a rather warm looking dress for the day. A pretty dress on a little girl was of pain blue muslin, trimmed with silk. Three folds of silk headed the wide kilting at the bottom ; the revers of tho tunio fastened under ribbon bows. Her dainty little hat was of white chip, with a long drooping white feather, and blue Bilk. A very uncom mon pair of earrings in tho ears of a lady near me attracted mv notice. Thnv mm rliige of gold, inside which were must beauti fully carved butterflies of gold. Ths carving and chasing wore very artistic. Some amusement was caused on. our joornoy by the conduct of a lady (?) most elegantly and fashionably attired, next whom was plactd in closer qunrtors than she appre ciated a very Btout, very warm countryman. She descanted In audible tones on the uoplci- eantness of 'buses, tho horrid people who . travelled In them, and eo on, till tho honest fellow next her, who had borne meekly her very evidently directed to hiniBelf remarks, biokoont at last with the observation that "Them as could not afford to rido in waggins (waggonetteB I suppose he meant) or car. riagea should stay at home," iii- which south merit I think all agreed; The tiny cemeterv lying at our journey's end always seeme to me the ono of all our burying places where we could place our lov.ed and lest with the greatest sense of security and peace; the misty blue distant hills, aud near wooded slopes, seeming to shut away the echoes of the noisy world, for all round is limbed and still. As I entered tho gates, in front slowly nnd sadly wound a fnneral. The people passing along stood'reverently aside, with lowered heads or raised hats, to allow the sad cortege to pass. Not one followed with idle curiosity — as, alas 1 is often tho case in the Melbourne cemetery — causing additional pajn to the mourners. There, too, were no noisy, laughing, chattering crowds, turning the resting place of the dead into a rendez vous of tho young and thoughtless, who Dandy light jokes and jests utterly regardless of dace or season. I would be the very last to imit youthful miith or pleasure, but tho Melbourne cemetery of a Sunday afternoon never doea seem to me suited for either. There were numberless groups of people quietly walking about in spite of the great heat. In the spring this must be a richly stocked garden, as even now the flowers aro pretty plentiful. Here reRt no heroes, or men whoso nameB are widely known. There are perhapB a few exceptions to the latter, amongst whom is the Rev P. Menzles, the eloquent young minister, on whose handsome monument aro the beautiful words: "Thedayshall break and tho shudows flee away." I was suprissd to notice . the large number of children bnried here. Over one, tiny " Minnie Ethel," aged two years, they had placed a large grey marble slab, at the bead of which was an immense monument ; it is only a fancy, and psrhnps a strange ono, but it seemed to me as though it would not be so lonely, if one's grave hud sweet flowers growing on it, whioh sun and rain would tend, and whore birds would rest and sing, instead of cold. marble ehutting out the_ sky, On an iron fence, encircling a fine white etono, were these words, "This tablet wns erepted by the servants anddopendants of a kind indulgent Christian lady." Who could toll tho deeds of kindness and goodness she had done to many to earn such a loving remembrance ? A singular idea on one, was putting first what evidently were pet names. " Bab "nee aDd then "Boydie," her son ; it looked strangely pathetic. Over one grave, where pretty flowers grew and blossomed, evidently tended well, on a white stone to the memory (in French) ofUncfdle Bien Amee" hung two of tho loveliest crosses of immortelles I havo nvar nann n. fnhni'a mother's love and grief shone plainly here, The moet perfect monument, which was con coaled by a tier of white roses, which, Into- though itis, blossomed freely, wasa plain whito cross, on which nothing but the words were engraved under the name— Nothing in my hnnil I bring, Biniply to Thy Crots I cling. Could any number of words be' more touch- ingly beautiful ? Sitting opposite to ms, in a large, ccol sort of Bummerhouse, with Gothic roof and blue-tiled floor, I bow a little incident worth recording. A tiny child, in a ragged,, dirty dress, and bore feet, had wandered in' from goodness knows where, for the mite could just toddle, and wns clinging on to the sido of the house, looking wistfully at where an indulgent mother was distributing fruit and cakes amengst her children. I was thinking how preity the little face, with its largo brown eyes, wonld be were it waehed, and how curly the hair that hung in masses of tangle on her sbouldcrB was, when one of the little ones, who was still munching a cake, came out. She was but little larger than the one who stood watching, but she was stout and well- cared for; her little legs above her high boots being plump and round, while the little waif's, were so thin they seemed hardly able to support hsr small body. Tho children gazed at ope another — tho last comer in all the glory of silk dress and feathered hat— till, without any warning, having finished her cake, she advanced upon the ragged child, pinched her, kicked hsr, and finished by rapping her head against the wall, holding her curie, I rushed to the poor baby's rescue, who was only crying softly ; a few Bweetmeats soon brought smiles instead of tears. The mother of the aggressor looked at me with great displeasure, remarking as she awopt out, " Nasty little brat ; she had no business there at all." I would dearly liked to have shaken the little virago. Wand.ring across the grass, by the Roman Oathollo portion, ) stopped to look nt a grave- where lovely fncshias and scarlet lillies were flowering, and where two benuti- fully-atraiged bouquets, in glasses of water, perfumed the air, I was startled by the sound of heavy sobs, and looking round, I saw a woman in deep black, bending over a new-made grave, while at her Bide, flung carelessly on the grass, lay a wreath and bunch of il/iworB. She looked up, and I was passing hastily on when, seeing, I suppose, a look of sympathy I nsBitaiea 10 express, sue spoxe to mo, still sobbing bitterly. It wonld be impossible to convey on pnper the effect of her word3 spoken fn a soft muBical broguo, betwoBn eobs that seemed to shake her to pieces. I mur mured a few stereotyped words of comfort, but she looked bitterly up at the cloudless sky , as though almost murmuring against the Providence that swept from hor, at one stroke, all she so dearly lowed, PassiDg on, a few words engraved caug'nt my eye, and, return ing, I whispered tb'im to her. "He givoth His beloved Bleep,1' she caught my hand, and pressing it, said, '" An' that's what tho doctor aaid — ho wanted sleep, an' sure be has it now; and here I'm complainin' ;" and rising, she placed the ftov ,ers with laving care. The only drawback to a pleasant walk in this pretty cemetery »'s the number of reptiles that abound, I suppose because of the long grass. Stopplq to admire some flowers, an immeiuo iguana eiltf softly from amongst ihentr I am' cure it was a yard and a half in length; I should fanoy there would be a danger of snakes. As I turned for a last look ere I started homeward, the snn seemed veiled for a while. I wished some scorner at the beauties of Australian scenery near Melbourne could bavo stood there too. The pretty rural homesteads, the blue mountains, the winding road, arid fine trees made a fair enough scone to cauee him to retract. It was with regret I bode fori well to this peaceful garden of the . dead. LOUISE. 