IRISH FAMINE RELIEF FUND. A public meeting, in aid of the above object, convened by the President of the United Shires, was held in the Town Hall, Beechworth, on Tuesday evening. There was a large attendance, and the principal residents of the district were present. Mr John Eailgwas called upon to preside. The CHAIRMAN said : Ladies add Gentlemen, — At the request of a; large number of leading people in Beecliworth and the neighborhood, I was solicited to call this meeting, with a view of raising funds to alleviate the distress now existing in Ireland. Appeals have often been made to the people of this district for objects of charity, and whenever that has been done it has been nobly responded to and I hope the appeal now to be made will not be made in vain. I sliall not occupy your time, but - will at once -.call upon Mr F. H. Tathill to propose the first resolution. Mr TUTHILL said he had the privi lege of proposing the first resolution, as follows : — " That it is desirable that the people of Beechworth and neighbor hood contribute towards the fund now being raised in the colony for the relief of the Irish Famine ; and that for this pur pose a local committee be formed, to collect subscriptions." He said lie felt almost ashamed to stand there as an Irishman, and ask for relief for his countrymen ; but when people were in distress, it was the duty of everyone who could do so to help, regardless of nationality ; and he hoped the neonle of Beechworth would be as ready- to helpthedistressed as those in Melbourne had been doing during the last week or two. Some of those present knew from personal observation, and some from history, the effects - distress at the present time .existing in Ireland was equal to what was experi enced in 1847- Let them picture to them- seivesfthousands of families -during a cold Irish winter, suffering from want, living in damp huts, and receiving only such help as that sent by the messengers of charity. He would ask them to - deny themselves some of the ordinary luxuries of life, and give a trifle to those poorj starving people at home ; and he was sure! it would he a pleasant reflection after wards, that they had, by practising a little self-denial, helped to save some from dying of starvation. Other speakers who would follow hiui would be better able to descant upon the misery that was now existing. It was characteristic of British subjects to put their hands in their pockets to help anyone in trouble and distress, irrespective of creed or nationality. He would leave it to themselves to judge of what ought to be done ; but he was sure the people of Beechworth would join hand ill hand in the good work they had in view, and he would ask them to remember that he who gives freely gives twice. Mr THOS. TANS WELL, in seconding the resolution, said it was not necessary to go over the same ground as the previous speakers had done. He hoped that the residents of Beechworth would come out on this occasion as they had ever done when appeals for similar objects had been previously made, in subscribing liberally : and that they would open their purse- strings wide to provide relief in a far dis tant land. ' The motion was carried unanimously, amid Mr G. W. CROOKE then read in a masterly manner the follow pathetic poem, entitled " Help for Ireland," wliich ap peared ijj hast week's Melbourne Punch , .fiUtl ffMoii was m?sr. appropiute to the present ocCaIi-ii i— Where'er :i glor.'ous , W here'er a glorious b.-ittle's (ought. 1 For butimu rights and freedom fair, .lie sure an Irishman is there. ' L ; In lite proud van of Uritsin's host- ' ' The iFlgh jphlier takes his post ; 1 And guafds. ot h'avelv dies to save : ; The twiner o( i-Ire jjreat and i>nwe. Timb'anner that slmilvv.r he M't eiub'em of the good a. d free f . Old England's flag tliat'sliines'oh high, The morning star of liberty. . . Beneath that banner Erin's son | Bath glory, deathless glory, won ; 1 And never jet in shine.or shade Was England's trust in him betrayed. Bead o'er old England's battle roll, And, shining on the glorious scroll, \- The names of Irishmen arise ' As bright as stars in midnight skies. Wherever England's armies went, With English blood was Irish blent : Ana r-eotiand s sons have shared the field Where Irish squadrons charged and wheeled. When battle's fierce and furious shock Shook to its basement Calpe's rock, An Irishman with England's flag . Sprang foremost up the bristling crag. And Irish fame spreads far aud'wide, Where Ganges rolls his gian: tide ; And Time's strong hand shall ne'er blot off Fro®. India's page the name of Gough. Acd r. d Cabul, thy sub-scorched flior Is crimson now with Irish gore. There Irish valour shone and set, To broaden England's empire yet. But further back on history's page We glance, and from the battle stage, Pike rising tempest loud and clear, The Irish war cry greets the ear. In Portugal and sunny Spain Tire Irish blood was shed like Y:\ia i . Ane from the Shamrock's tears of grief The English roie caught new relief. When France's eagle spread Iris wiags High over Europe's thrones and kings. Who checked his haughty soaring? — Who? The Irishman of Waterloo. That battle-field has made a debt That England's throne cau ne'er forget — That England's sous must recognise While Time's broad pinion o'er them flies. Where'er the flag of England waves, It flutters over Irish graves ; And will those graves attest how tru", England, the Irish were to you ? Bat not on b -.ttie-field alone The worth of Erin's sons v.-as shawa ; . >io ! In the Councils of the .State - Her sons were wise as true and great. And for Britannia's high reno ra — Her freedom, and her king and crown — They labored; and Uieir labors lent New lustre to her firmament. And Irish genius nude unroll The mysteries of the ice-bound pole ; And England's atandard fluttered o'er A wave it never braved before. Oh ! let. the pen of history trace The record of the Irish race ; Thon,-in-that- rccord"miCirsliairflnd What they have done for humankind. But; hark ! what means that piercing wail Which quivers now Irom Innisfail. Islef .--ad destiny, alas ! The steps of Famine o'er thee pass. Thst wail is shrill, and wild, and high — It is: a starving people's cry. ' r; And Erin, with departing breath, . Sings to the world her song of death. And o'er the green isle Famine sweeps ; There, wan and gaunt, her manli-.-od creep3. His 'thruoken frame and sunkcu cheek, The torturing of his hunger'speak. ' . 1 " Oh? there the father gizes on The idols of his besom, wan — ... The offspring of his love, and sees Wriihings and their agonies. ! 5,1 nt>v There sits"- he mother, hunger-pained, r With life's unnourished fountain drained ; And listening to her baby's breath, She hears the sigh that ends itt deatiil And whilejher tears in showers run, j. She moans) " God's holy will be done." Then putsHthe treasureaform' away ; And, iwhile she starves, kneels down to pray. The hopeless night creeps cold and dark O'er homes and hearts without a spark ; And in that hour of woe and gloom Death, reaps his harvest for the tomb. ' 'An(?T>leas December's watery sun ' ' Looks sadly on each stricken'one, As if he knw the ray lie gave " But lights their pathway to the grave. I Hi Father and mother, chihLand all,. . .v.iBenifeth'hif withering sicklfifalG;),- 1 - T And thos'e he spares aud passes by To ns lor generous succourfcry. : ' '; ; And shall that'ery be made in vain, Or need that cry he made again ? Ho ! Englishmen, and Scotchmen too, He man apirealsin vain to you ! Kemeiiibcr— there are hill to those . ( Who joined y»ur ranks te match your toes ! ' ' Thn to their cry for help awake, But for the Irish soldier's s ike. The loyal service made a debt Which Hilton's sous will not forget ; But which they gladly will allow To Erin's stricken children now. . And you, ye Irish of these lauds, Stretch forth at once your generous hands ; Or be who'll r.ot must cease to claim An Irish iiueage aud name. Mr F. BRO WN liad great pleasure in proposing thesecondresolution, viz., "That the committee consist of the following gentlemen for Beechworth :- — The Very llev. Dean Tierney, Revs. W. L. C. Howard, J. G. Mackie, - W.- Brown, and M. Bradney, and Messrs It-. Warren, F. H. Tu thill, M. Dodd, W. J. Greer, Robt. McKenzie, J. Carew, Barber, Straughair, Duncan, F. Brown, P. Allen, M'Curdy, M. Connelly, H. A. Crawford, W. G. Brett, J. Turner, W. J. Turner, D. C.- O'Connor, P. O'Mara, G. Lyon, George Billson, ML. A., F. Dreyer, Hyndman, J. F. Daniell, . W. Campbell, DrsFox, Mousse', Cieary, O'Brien, Dobbyh, Watkins, Messrs Ingrain, D. Fletcher, Stevens, G. Connolly, Power, Shaw, Robinson, W. H. Foster, Masterman, A. W. Foster, Soulby, M. E. Ward, Almum, Nam Sliing, F. O'Connor, J. Feely, T. K. Johnson, Robt. Crawford, Sullivan, Gammon, Hyem, F. Allen, Bolarn, A. Kyle, R. Finch, Thomp son, L. Murphy, Mignot, and Bartels. (For Stanley.) — J. Mutliieson, Manton, H. Matheison, Vail, J. C. Bigelow, J. McCarthj-, Pettigrew, Scopes, Kennedy, and Page. (For Bowman's Forest.) R. Tllflmcftll Af «inr1 .T "Povimeonn Aiii'iiiuvnj vviinvtgj iwiu w. A t/tguggvui : (For Wooragee.) Poyntz, Kain, Johnson, Mitchell Bros., Wilson, Jennings. (For Woolshed and Reid's Creek.) — Allan, W. Casey, and Cornelius O'Donoghue." The speaker, after referring to the present distress now existing in Ireland, said he : had refreshed his memory from a work published by Mr Justin McCarthy, relat ing to the horrors that were caused by : the famine in 1S45, where families, consis ting of eight or ten members, gradually died from exhaustion for want of food. There were not only the pangs of hunger to contend against, but many were carried a way by fever. Then there was also the inein'ul anguish, which was, perhaps, the Tirorst of alL Fathers and mothers saw their chOclrcR expire, and the strong man — the bread- of the family — dying inch by inc.11- m«st have been a sight pitiful to beliL knew that the dis tress was caused of the nmne fUmar,,, tiy„ there was no foods obtainable, aiid larg( towns, and, bj' so doin-q' fountains oi help were stopped. Hun5 in the streets, and we. , huried in fifteens and twenties in iitehes. was sure the inhabitants of j.-oechworith would step forward, as they al\Cays had done, to alleviate the present suuNiing. He would ask them, as far as they were able, io give cheerfully. It Jiag been said, that England's need was Ireland's opportunity. Let them para phrase these words, and say that at the presenttiuie '"Ireland's need was Australia's opportunitj'. " And let their sympathy be iliown, not alone by words, but by acts. Dr M. F. CLEARY said it afforded him much pleasure to' second the motion. The fact that human beings were famishing by thousands, from hunger and cold, should excite feelings of pity and commiseration in the heart of every individual, and act as a powerful incentive in giving freely out of that store that Providence had so bountifully given them. There, were, doubtless, numbers present who had no conception what a famine roaily was, but there were few who could realize the terrible meaning of the words "famine in Ireland," where the staple food consisted of potatoes alone, flavored with salt.. There miu'M he some who would discredit the st.atem-.nt ; but lie could vouch for the fact in the part that he came from (Tip- perary) that the tillers of the soil, who worked hard frour- .su nrifle to sunset, had three meals daily potatoes, and on rare occasions had, as' a hixury, a noggin of milk, or a fresh he7nuo' Seeing that this nourishment .was ntY1', no ho ob tained, let those present pivTure to them selves what the hardship must- PC when even that is denied. A large iiuiP-llCr would remember the terrible consequences of the famine of '47, and those that did not had heard the harrowing tales of misery and distress that then prevailed. Luttb uuui biic oaiiit: cause as the present, viz., the failure of the potato crop, through blight aud other causes ; and unfortunately those other concomitants of famine — typhus and cholera — had made their appearance, and selected as their victims those whom the miserable pangs of hunger had spared. Those concomitants, he need hardly say them were' apt, in a lesser degree, to effect those who were beyond the reach of star- , vation, as those who were destitute ; and rn providing relief for the destitute, it would, in a great measure, assist in dimin ishing the ravages which those scourges of mankind inflict. Seeing, therefore, the danger of a recurrence of those calami ties, it behoved them to take prompt and efficient action to prevent such ; and if they could not altogether do that, they would go a great way towards alleviating them, by subscribing freely to the fund. In the sunny land they now dwelt in, and where' the Almighty had favored them with a bountiful harvest, they should show .their suffering brethren at home that they grieved with them in their tribulation," and would prove, by their practical sym pathy, that Australians would be to the fore, as they ever had been, in works of pliilanthrophy. Mr MORGAN, in his usual masterly manner, favored the audience with a song, with harp accompaniment, entitled " Say a kind -word when you can and, in res ponse to a vociferous encore , also rendered " When 1' am far away from home," for which he also received loud plaudits. .Mr W. TELFORD was called upon to propose: the third resolution, viz., "That Mr Thomas K. Johnston act as hen. treasurer ; and Mr C. J. O'Sullivan as hon. secretary to convene meet ings." The speaker said the object they had in view that evening had his heartj sympathies. As a Scotchman, he looked upon an Irishman as a brother, and that was a feeling, that ought .always to existfj particularly;, at a time like the. present, when their Irish brothers wove in trouble. ; Ireland was differently .situated io what England and Scotland were ; as the Irisli population depended mainly on farming for support ; but the English and Scotch liad other resources to fall" hack upon when their crops failed. He looked upon a famine in Ireland as having the same result as one woxild to the inhabitants of Egypt when the Nile ceased to flow. They ought not - to look upon the "Irish as strangers, but-they should feel uis if they were aiding their own blood- relations, aiid plight, .therefore, to send as much assist ance aS they. co,uld to help their brothers mffrelkud their Four- of need. Mr ' RICHARD . WARREN said, it affprded himninuch-pleure to second -.1116 resolution,'.' aiid lie .wpiild.. refer. b«ck;: to. the famine HiVj'Iplandv in 1847. - At; that time 'Yictoyi.a wasItcalied PqrtPbillip,-. and the: population was then.yerj'.. small.;, iSir. John O'Shanassy initiatejia, movement for raising funds to assist. the distress in, what, ivas known as the Irish black famine, and; it) was' ftliought if £1000 were dhen, raised, it would .be indeed(at ;very fair 'amount ; but the pe'ople. subscribed, hberally, and « sum of £1300 was collected. Amongst those who contributed was Mr W. J. C. Clarke, who donated the sum of £2, but ' "N , . . .m I/.---', i - i .the men #11, the station gave £44 additional. To sliow the contrast. of i the amounts given at that time to the fund, and at the present time, ; one of the sons of the gentleman named had given £50, and another liac headed the list with the handsome dona tion of £500 ; and at the present time that money was now distributed among the starving in Ireland. The Americans adopted a different plan to alleviate the distress, When the crops failed in '47 they sent over shipload after shipload of '.grain, and he was glad to say they were doing so again. The speaker referred to the dis tress in Lancashire during what was known as the " cotton famine" ; and stated- that no one was more 'energetic arid pains taking in aiding their brethren in -Lanca shire than , the Irish. Now wa3 'the. time for the people of this colony to reciprocate and help the > poor famine-stricken in Ireland, out of their abundance, and do it in a hearty manner.- An outcry had been raised in some; quarters that it would be better to send money to Ireland to Anable those who -wished to do so to come out to this country. ; but it must be remembered that there were attachments and associa tions connected : with home tliat werc hard to break. He knew, by experience, what a severance of that kind meant. Let all do their best; to assist those poor creatures who were calling: out for help ; and they then would find that they had not labored in vain. If a shilling would save a family from starvation fori a day, then they should rush in and fill the coffers of the bank till they were; fall to overflowing. Small subscriptions to the fund would (according to the , means or tne cionorj be accepted as readily as would one tor £500. He remembered that a noble response was made to the appeal to residents of the colony for subscriptions for the relief of sufferers by the Indian famine ; and he felt sure that in this case the same results would follow, as in that. The motion was carried unanimously, amid acclamation. Mrs Cieary then rendered that beautiful Irish ballad entitled " Come Back to Erin," in splendid style ; her fine voice showing to effect in the words of the song. She was deservedly loudly ap plauded. Mr JAMES INGRAM moved the 4th resolution, viz., "That all moneys col lected be transmitted to the central com mittee of the Melbourne fund." The speaker said that they were met together that night on the broad . platform of suffering humanity ; and they should bear 111 11111LU Ulictt IU Wcta tJUHU I'IWWI.1 UV : than to receive." The Lord having given i them an abundance, they ought, therefore, ' to give cheerfully aud all they possibly 1 could. He belonged to a poor family, '/ but they were honest ; and he often wished | be could do more to assist his own kindred, i occasions like the present all talk of We&.Aiid creeds should be suuk, as they we mot; to assist to feed the hungry and cloth:® t-h&' naked ; and when people wanted I foot? they should not be asked, anything about creecl- When they heard of families 'iSMhildren starving they should brine it , "v.«ic Ao their own hearts and to thernselv-iU -uudih-smansawchildrenstarving and withno n. man would not ye .the spint of humam y if he did not fe t ie,u" , AU s "uld make a little sacn e-'d send something. However small, it l!»"nd to do good ; and if they did M s:lrci-lficea occasionally, they were Graig ior any good. He would aga«k ? remember what their gi H!l" ,1£1c taught- them, that it was "nkOl'e ble.>s?.d to give than receive." , Mr -JAMES FEELY, in seconding the resolution, said he was proud to see .so many persons present, and trusted, tli&fc; every man that evening would do his duty i towards alleviating the suffering of the hunger-stricken people <;f Ireland. Hej was in that country during disastrous famine in '47, and witnessed sevtftel most distressing scenes connected therewith, wliich had been so graphically dco yibed by the previous speakers that evening'. Providence had blessed the inhabitants of the Australian colonies with wealth, some of them, indeed, with more than they had expected when they emigrated from their native country ; and therefore he trusted that each would give according to his nivalis. That touching £ong " Please give me a Penny" wits most beautifully and fault lessly rendered by Mrs Kayo ; and the audience eviueuceu uicil ojjjjicmiuuu uy ' loud and long-coritinued plaudits. An " encore was demanded, .hut? owing to the ' length of the programme, cQUld not be acceded to. The Yery Rev. Dean TIERNEY ;?toved the last resolution — " That a subscriptiPlb in furtherance of the object of the meetiug be now opened." The speaker observed that he had very little to add to what had been already said; but he would refer to an objection brought up during the presen fc agitation, emanating from some persons who liad read the Irish papers stating that the distress was not so bad as repre sented ; but he could assure them it was very great in Ireland aud the crops an en tire failure. The charitable movement was stayed until a telegram liad been sent to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, and the reply was ' £ that- the condition of things was not only alarming, but the horrors were accumulating ; and urging further assistance to be sent." They had abun dant evidence that loud calls were made uuon them, as many persons were now dying of starvation. He remembered during the last famine being in a town within 1G miles of , Dublin with a friend, and about eleven o'clock in the day ho came upon a person - lying dead, and the friend that ivas with him 'jocularly remarked, " That. one gave up the ghost- last night." Yery little was thought about such a thing in those days, as it was a daily occurrence. But matters were very different in Victoria. He would have them to bear in' mind that every pound, given saved a fellow being, as the cost of maintenance of cafli person iu some of. the unions and alms-houses was but 10 J.ct per week. ' Another circumstance lie would also call their attention to, and that was in 1S47. During the time of the distress, in the districts where they were suffering the most, he was told by' many that they would be perfectly contented and liappjr if the3r could have butone meal a 'Cuyp, of potatoes and salt. On short allow ance of) that sort, 10s a head would be sufficient to c'aix-y: them through their difficulties. The 'rev. dean concluded his remarks Irv asking them to give, 'and give generously, for the poor faiiiine-stricken in Ireland. . The Rev. J. G. MACKIE (Presbyterian minister : at Beechworth) said tliat lie rose very readily to second, the. resolution so pithily piitiby the, Yery Rey. Dean Tierney. He felt sure that the feelings of all present had been so roused in the matter; for Which" they that evening liad assembled together,! that the3r would at the con clusion 6f..,tie,: meeting , come forward arid) shun ..practically, ho w fhey.-syntpath ise : with; the .object. For, asjjseveral -of- the previdua speakers.. had shhAect,"' whenever Ehglanctwas in need of assistqn®b her Irish, .neighbors were ever ready foihdud ; or lie- could put? it thus : Eveiy secbrijFstorey in In.Euglands greatness syas, either built, up- : or' :cemen)sed by the Blood of : Irishmen; If ittwerej possible to bring back: the spirits .of j such!; orators as Burke ;. Grattjui, ; or .Sheridan, 1 he considered.',, that, it jvould .he; impbssible to stir tlie hearts of tli'e audience, there before him more than they had been in thelmatter 'under' rioti'ce. There were at the present time hundreds of thousands of Irishmen — countrymen of the Duke of Wellington and the poet Moore — suffering from the effects of the dire calamity which has afflicted their native land ; and men -who but a short time since were strong and robust, now lmd wan, ghastly features — poor hunger-stricken creatures. There fore, by the people of Australia giving spon taneously and liberally, it would be flashing back to these good tidings of great joy, "worthy both of those who have made the appeal, and also of those who respond to it. " A subscription-list was then opened, and in a very short space of time contributions to the amount of £165 6s 6d were received front some seventy persons in the hall. Of tliis sum, Mr Richard Warren headed the list with twenty guineas ; the Yery Rev. Dean Tierney, Dr M. F. Cieary, and Messrs M. and T, Dodd, following with ten guineas each ; and Messrs J ohn Lang (President of the Shire), Telford, Tut- hill, and Dr Mousse', each contributed five guineas. The other donations ranged from three guineas to one pound. The CHAIRMAN announced that the hon. secretary would be willing, after the meeting, to take names of persons wishing to subscribe smaller amounts than those already contributed. Votes of thanks to the ladies who had during the evening favored the audience with selections ot music, and to the chair man, proposed by Mr TELFORD, and seconded by Mr TUTHILL, was passed by acclamation; and the meeting separated. A meeting, called by the President of the Shire of Benalla, for the purpose of raising subscriptions for the relief of the distress in Ireland was held at the Rechabite Hall on Monday evening, when a fair number of the principal townsmen were present. Mr McBean, president of the shire, occupied the chair. The chair man briefly addressed the meeting, and asked for an expression of opinion from those present. Mr Geo. Sharpe, M.L.A., spoke strongly on the present distress in Ireland, and moved that the meeting resolve to act in conjunction with other committees in raising money to alleviate the present distress in Ireland. The Rev. Mr Scott seconded the motion, and, in a few well-chosen remarks, spoke of the hardships the poor people at home were undergoing, the extent of which very few out here could realise. Mr D. C. McCarthy O'Leary moved that a com- mittee, Consisting of Messrs P. Ryan, G. Louch, G Ryan, P. Smyth, E Shortell, J Ball and M Giblin, be formed, for the purpose of making a house-to-house canvass. Dr Henry seconded the motion, which was carried. The chairman was appointed hon. treasurer, and Mr John Fitzsimons hon. secretary; and after a ' few necessary resolutions, the meeting broke up. 