THE SUSSEX MATCH. London, 7th September, -i.-15, ', The Australian eleven have arrange^' to play tho match against tho Sussex;' county eloven at Brighton, on Monday! next, tho 13th inst. This match wast originally arranged for tho 6th inst.| but was postponed to enable tho Eepro? scntutivo Match to como off. ' Tho Australian cricketers havo abahs doned their determination to mako thoiS homeward journoy by way of tho United States, playing mutches en route. Thoy will return via Tndin, their detention irj{ England boyond their original intention having caused them to select tho' speodiastrouto. Tlio followiug cablegram w.is .recuivcl bjj Messrs. Bojle and Scott on Friday inoruhig a\ half-past ono o'clock: — . ' Tho two not-outs, Murdoch anil Bonnor, re* sumeil their places at the wiokcta to tlic- bowli ing ul Slcelo'aml Horley. Bonnor only added 3 to hh previous naore when ho was disposed oA by Steelo. Alexander took his place, and thej scoring became fast and furious,. Alcx:indcc ; : being got rkl of aster a good inuingi) fcr 33i! Palmer followed, but only scored 4. JlonlJ,! - ::- tho last man, joined Murdocli, and an excel' ? lent staud wa3 made, botU mc-u bnttiu-j cajii tally, especially Murdoch, whoso hitting was tho theme o£ admiration. Moule was even tually clean bowled for 34. Murdoch/carried dut Ilia bat for a magnificent innings of 153, He went; in first, and never gave .the. ghost. o£ a chance; and in the opinion of English critics, and the members of the English ; team, hi? 'innings was one of the finest ^exhibitions o£ '; totting ever witnessed in London. This left th6 Englishmen 56 to win. Lytteiton nnd G. I1.' Grace went to tho wickets to the bowliug of .'Palmer and Boyle. Palmer opened with a \- maiden to Iiytteltoh. Boyle's first ball shot down Cl. If. Grace's leg stump. Lucas followed; and tlie first ball delivered by Boyle to him . 'struck tlie wick'ot without dislodging the bails. He-only scored 2 before being disposed of. Tho other wickets fell rapidly, four \vickct3 being down for 10 runs. At thi3 stage Pcnn started for a run, but through the fine fielding .'-'. of Jtoyle and Blaclchain Penn was nearly run :' ?' out. The English umpire, on being appealed to, gave his decision in favor of : the batsman. 'She Englishmen eventually won tho match by (five wickets. W. G. Grace was at the wickets tforty-five minutes for 9 runs. Boyle took ?three wickets at a cost of 23, Palmer two for 20; and Alexander bowled a few overs without . jiuccess. ?.:?..' 