Keview. The Pukcell Papkbs, by James Sheridan Lefanu. London, 18S0. A good short tale would seem to be one of the most difficult achievements of the novelist's art. For a single successful effort in that way there are hundreds of the orthodox three-volume length. Blaokwood's Mao azine, from its commencement to the present day, has, among its many excellen cies, been remarkable for the rare merit of it3 no vellettes. The reader who has grown weary of storytellers who are nothing if not long winded, can generally find relief by turning to the pages of ' Old Ebony.' At least two or three times in the course of a twelvemonth it is sure to furnish some delightful narrative, which can be comfort ably got through in an hour at farthest'. But Ulackwood did not always enjoy a monopoly of this description of literature. The Dujilin Uni versity Magazine, at one period, might have fairly disputed the claims of its great Scottish rival. Tho glory of the former has, however. Ion;* departed, and it is now numbered with the dullest scriiils that are monthly inflicted on a suffering public. James Sheridan Lefanu was one of that bril liant band of writers that, more than forty years ago, established the reputation of tho Uublik UKivEEsm Magazine. It included men like Carleton, Lever, and Clarence Monism, perhaps the greatest of Irish poets, not excepting Tom Mooro. Tho 'Purcell Papers,' which are now for thefirst time issuedin a separate form, belong to the palmy days of tho periodical in question. As his first essays in that field, in which he af tor wards won so distinguished a place, they will, apart f 10m their intrinsic value, be acceptable to all admirers of their gifted author. It is chiefly as a master of the weird and imngination in prose fiction that Lofanu is known to tue present gene ration. Hovering on the limits of the superna tural world, in the enthralling incidents which he wove together, he seldom outraged the true prin ciples of art, or rushed into those extravaqancies which mar the effect of the fantastic creations of one who was in some respects a kindred genius, the American, Edgar Alhm Poo. Lefanu has frequently been compared to Willie Collins, a comparison mainly suggested by the extraordinary skill with which both writers constructed their plots, otherwise there is little likeness between them. The best of Mr. Collins's uovuls :is con Itasted with the masterpiece of Lefnnn, stand in the same relation that a merely ingenious melo drama does to a poetically conceived tragedy. Whoever doubts this assertion, let him tc.Uc up 'The Woman in 'White,' and then surrender himself to the spell of 'Uncle Silr.s.' That powerfully wrought out story, the most perfect of Lefauu's, appears to have been revolving in bis mind for many years before it assumed itsprosent shape. The ' Purcell Pnpcrs' contain the first rough draft of it, under the title of ' A PAsragc iu the Secret History of anlrish Countess.' Hut the ?' Puvcoll Papers' also exhibit Lef.inu in another aspect, that of a high-claES humourist. No droller Iri^h tales have ever been written than some of those in trie volumes before us. For downright rollicking fun there is nothing iu Lever to surpass 'Jim Sullivan's Adventures in the Snow,' 'The Ghost aud the Bone-setter,' or ' Dili ilalowney's Tasteof Love and Glory.' In fact, Lefunu is far more correct than Lover in re producing the idiom.itic expressions of (ho Irish peasant, and displays much more of the dramatic instinct than the author of 'Harry Loreouer.' Hero is a characteristic passage from tlio last mentioned of these tales, to which a few words of introduction will suffice. Hilly Malowney's is the old old story. He falls in love, quun-ls with his sweetheart, aud enlists for spite. Billy went away ' to furrin parts to light for Kins George against Boney, that was great in thiui times. Well, it was soon in everybody's mouth how Billy Mulowney was ba-tin' all before him, astonis'iin' the ginerals, and frightenin' tho inimy to that degree, there v.-ns not a Fnncbman dare my parlay voo outside of the rounds iv his camp.' ' At last thenews kern home that Billy lUalowney was surrounded on' murdered by the Frinch army under Napoleon Donyparty himself. The news was brought by Jack Ui-yun Dhas, the peddlnr, that said he met the corporal iv tho rcRiuieut on the quay of Limerick, an' how he brought him into a public house nnd tbrated him to a noggin, and got all the news about poor Billy Slaiownoy out i v him while they war dhrinking, and a sorrowful story it was. The way it happened, according as the corporal told him, was jist how tbe Jook of Wel lington detftroiined to fighta rule taiin battle wid the Frinch, and Bonyparty at the sumo time was aiqunlly detarmined to fight the devil's own acriuimngc wid the British fo:-rccs. Well, as noon ns the buEuioBS v.-as pretiy near ready on both sides, Bonyparty ami the ; ginc-rftl nest under himself, gets np behind a bush to look at their inimies through spy glasses and thry would Uiey know any iv them at- a distance, 'liednd!' soys the gineml, after a devil iv a long spy, ' I'd bet a pint,' says he, 'thufs Bill Malownpy himself,' says he, 'down ther'.' says ho. 'OchVs.ayr! Bc cypariy, ? do you 'oU me so,' says he. ' I'm fairly heart-scalded wiih t mt 'sama Billy Melowneyl' -ays he, ? an' I tKiiK if I was wamt shut iv him, I'd beat the rest iv them aisy enough,1 snvs he. ' 1 I'm thinkingFO myself ,' says the gineral, sifys he, 'but he's a tough one,' says be. 'Touirh !*' eajs iionyparly, 'he's tliedovil,' says he. ? Bosorrn.I'u lie better rilasod,' s.iys the gineral, 'to tike him self than the DuUo iv Wellington,' sayu he, 'and Sir Edward Blakuny, into thu bargain,1 snvs he. The Duke of Wellington and Sir Edward ' ljut Billy ilalownc-y's the boy for act ion,' says he — 'an' action's everything just now,' snys he. So wid that Bonyparty pushes u]i his cocked liat and begins scratching his head, and thinking and considerin' for the bare life, and at last says he to the gineral: ? Ginersl Comnmndher iv all the forces,' says he, 'I've hot it,' soys he,'ordher out the forlorn hope,' says he, 'and give them as much powdher.'.both glazed and blasting,' suys he, ' and as much bullets do ye mind, an' swan dhi-ops an' chain shots,' suys he, 'and all sorts iv wea pons an' combustibles as they can carry ; and let them surround Bill Molowney,' eayshe,' nn'if they oan get nuy soort iv an advantage let them knoik him to smithereens,' says he, 'and then tako him presner,' suys he, 'an' tell all thebanduien iv the Frinch army,' says he, 'to play up Garryowen, to keep up their sperits,' says he, 'all tho time they are advancing. An' you may promise them any thing you liko in my name,' sajs he, ' for by my sowl I don't think it's many iv them 'ill come back tothrouble us,' cays he, winkin' at him. So iway wint the Gineral, an' ho ordhers out the Forlorn hope and tells the baud to play, an' every thing else, iuot as Bonyparty desoired |him. An' sure enough wbeD Billy Malowney heart! the music K-here he was standin', takin'a blast of the drm ihecn to compose, his mind for uiurdheriu' the ri-incnmen ae usual, oeing mighty partial to that tune entirely, he cocks his eara one side, an' down he stoops to listen to tho music ; but brjgorra who should be in his rare Rll the timebHt a Frinch grannideer behind abush, and seems him, ttooned in aconvaynientform.bedod he let flics nt him and lired him rignt betweon the legs an' the small iv the back, gUry be to God ! with what they call (savin' your presence) a bumshell. Well, Bill Malowney let ono roar out iv him, and away ho roulod over the field iv battlfi like a slither (as Bonuparty and the Duke iv Wellington, that was watching tne manoeuvres from a distance, both consnyved) into glory. An' sure enough the Frinch was overjoyed bevant all bounds, an' small blame to them; an' the Duke iv Wellington I'm tould was never all out the same man since.' Lefanu was the grand-nephew of the illustrious Irish orator, Sheridan. In politics, he was all through life a staunch Conservative, which fact is worth while remarking, because he wrote a bal lad which is more fervidly national in sentiment than anything which the poets of tbo Toung Ire land School produced. 'Shamus O'Briun,' the ballad to which we^allude, was, according to some sccountG, the result of a wager, mode by Lefanu, that, he would outdo the fiery spirits of the ?' Na tion' in the manufacture of seditious veree. But it is only fair to state that ' Shamus O'Brien' tppearod previous to tho movement of '48. It became immensely popular in America, whore it iros |first recited by Samuel Lover, and its popu aiityaswo know has extended to Australia as veil. ' Patrick Crohone' is another vigorous jallad of tile Eauie type as ' Shamus O'Brien.' It ?elates the adventures of an. IrisliLochinvar, nnd »as, indeed, intended as on imitation of the fa nous ballad of Sir Walter Scott. Kotwithstond ng the favour with which his maiden efforts in lie Dublin U-mjveesitt 11 agaiike had been, re ceived, Lefanu's debui as a regular novelist was n failure. 'Turlock O'Brien,' a semi-hiBtorical novel of the Wars of King James, attracted very little notice. Discouraged by this, Lefanu devctod himself for tome years after almost exclusively to Press work. He had nearly reached tho mature a;-o of forty when tho ' House by the Churchyard' challenged the atteelion of tbe critiCB, and -was pronounced 'a palpable hit.' This striking novel inBtantly took hold of the public, and was quickly followed by that which wft have already described as hit masterpiece, ' Uncle Silas.' To persons who are acquainted with either of the abovc-mentioiiod works, a volume bearing the name of Lefanu, must be alwnys welcome, and, as illustrative of some of the finest qualities of hit ; ecu i',r genius, tbey will certainly not be disap. ioiu f;d in the 'Pnreoll Fopere.' It may be worth iviiiie to [I'M that latterly Lefunu became proprietor jf the Dunlin Univkebitt Macazink' but dis posed of his ink-rest in it a few years before Mb Jeath, which occurred in 1S74. 