GAOLER WATER SUPPLY. ? ^ ? On Monday.1 last a deputation consisting of some of our principal citizens, waited upon the Gawler Corporation for the pur pose of endeavouring to obtain information as to the probable cost of the proposed scheme for water supply to. the town. The idea of the deputation is to get the Council to seek for official information as to the cost to the ratepayers tor water suppueu, and then call a public meeting to discuss the matter. There can be no doubt that the pnblic have a right to have this matter placed fully and fairly before them. The cost to (he tax ipayers is a very; serious question in connec tion with any public work, and therefore it is simply vox populi vox Dei in carrying out any such important work as the one under (notice. ? .: r There ate two schemes before the public for the supply of water to Gawler. The first one that of bringing water from 'Victoria Creek,, and thereby' supplying the district lying between it and the sea coast. The propositions of Mr. James Martin in refer ence to this scheme are well known, and there is a good deal of common sense and reason in them. Engineers say that the only objection to the adoption of this idea is the cost ; and there is no doubt that such an ob jection is a sound and valid reason for the Government to pass it by. Still there is the general question. ' If the scheme is a good one is any price too much to pay for it? If it does all that it is stated to be capable of would the quarter of a million be too much to pay for it? We trow not. But it doeB not seem to us that it will do so. Apart altogether from the sparseness of population between here arid the coast, there is the doubt as to the permanancy of the supply, and also, the quality of the water. Only a short time ago Mr. Oswald Brown, the Hy draulic Engineer, reported very much in tavor of the reservoir system as against the supply from rivers or creeks ; and he being specially qualified to deal with the question of hydrostatics we must accept his. dictum in the matter. ' Not only does Mr. Brown dis pute the quality of the article supplied, 'but jthVjjrobability of its permanancy. The scheme now before the House is one that has ytood the test of nearly twelve months.; ' Peo ^e;~T^o-^raveSDraedHbhe-water~elthferToi' do mesSc 'use or for drinking purposes testify to its purity and softness, and the engineers say that it is permanent. We c jnnot, therefore, go behind constituted authority and say the scheme is bad. ...,.- . - ?; The question of how much we shall have to pay for the water is therefore the only one that we can legitimately consider. Council lor Potter has repeatedly said it will amount to 12& per cent, on the armnai value of the properties, but that 'seems to us an exagger ated estimate. It all events that sum will only be for a year or two — or until the Government are repaid the cost of the works. And even if it were -as. high as X5 percent, we fail to see that it would be tod high a price to pay for a constant supply of good water. It is all very well for Messrs. Wincey, Martin, Wilcox, Clement, Dawson and Ferguson to complain about this matter These gentlemen are all — fortunately for themselves — well able to secure water by tanks and wells, and do not in consequence care to be taxed for a water supply. But' against these gentlemen there are a great number of the poorer classes, who would rejoice greatly if they were in possession of an ample water supply. In Murray-street itself — in the very heart of the street we may say — there are large families living in houses where the only water supply they have is a 400 gallon tank, and in summer these people have to obtain their supplies from their neighbours. How glad these people would be if the waterworks were completed none but themselves can tell — the 12^ per cent, notwithstanding. Again, our climate is of such a character that bathing is a necessity of our existence. , We areso placed, unfortunately, that the river is never fit for bathing purposes in summer, and hardly ever in winter, and on that account, if for ho other, the people ought to give their voice in fav.or of the completion of the present Bill for the Gawler Water Supply. Zf-^fche public meeting be -called there can not possibly be more information given than that afforded by the debates in the House, and any person who takes the slightest in terest in the welfare of the town will have read the debate. jll is uae ui uiubu ^ueatmiiB luhxi guuiuu uui bo gone into without a great deal of considera tion, and we hope that if a public meeting in called there will be a large and repre sentative attendance, and those present will come prepared to deal with the matter in a public spirit and an intelligent opinion of the subject. It is of sufficient importance to justify the Council in calling a public meet ing, and will be no doubt productive of a unanimous opinion of the people's wants and wishes so far as water supply is concerned. Chiu-ben)s Concert. — Mr. Cranz, since bis return, has been actively engaged in pre paring scenes for the performance of ' Pina fore' by the children. Having secured the services of a reaUy first-class scenic artist the work is progressing rapidly and well The performance is expected to take place in about Bbass Brim.— The Council refused per mission for the band to. occupy one of the rooms at the Town Hall on Saturday even ings for practice. It was thought an injustice would be done to the other tenants by allow inp- it, and this swayed the Council more be cause the band is purely a private speculation, and not a public amusement. ' Psranosr. — A petition was taken roug, Gawler for signature during the week, having for its object the prevention of any further extension of the Nairne railway. Mr. Base ow presented it to the House. New Siding. — iessrs. James Martin & Co. have obtained permission to put down a siding from their new factory to Murray-street. The rails will cross High- street and come through the yard, and branch out to the tramline at the corner of Calton-road. There is to be a turn table near the corner. The Council met Messrs. Martin % Co, on the ground and consented to the arrangement. Destitution.— A terrible case of destitution came under the notice of the Mayor on last Saturday. One of the men, who left Martin and Go's, during the strike, living in, Walton-Toad, was found to be in a state of utter destitution. The house he lived in had not a particle of furniture, and the family had not any food for several days. However, Mr. Bright relieved their immediate necessities, and subsequently Messrs. Martin & Co. gave the man employment, so that the poor people will soon get their heads above water. will be seen that Miss Fidler intends giving a series of lectures on the art of cooking. Miss Fidler announces that special care will be taken to show that not . an atom of material in the kitchen need be wasted or thrown away The principles of cooking will be explained, and hints given for roasting, boiling and frying, and proper preparation of vegetables and sauces. We trust our lady friends will avail themselves of the lectures. . .. Pkizb Cattle. — Messrs. Bright, jun., and Hodgson and Clements purchased 'some prize bullocks at the Show yesterday, but owing to their not having arrived in time we are un able this week to give any further particulars. Next week we hope to be in a position to do so. : They will be on.|view to-moriow-as per advertisement. ' ' -* '''? Change. — Mr. Miller has sold -the. lease of the Commercial HoteL The new landlord will take possession in a few day?. . - Accidents.-— Miss Hinze, of Tanunda, put her shoulder out of joint, while stepping into the train at Adelaide this morning. A man working ai Addis's Chaff Mills had big third finger cut open by a chaff knife yesterday. Aerivai!.' — Mr. Arthur Sketchley, well known as the writer of ' Mrs. Brown' and other comical papers visited Gawler to-day. Fabmbrs Co-Operative Society.— We publish the prospectus of a company purporting to be the South Australian Farmers' Co-Operative Agency Company, (Limited). Amongst the directors we notice the na*ne of James Martin, Esq. , J.P. Che chairman is Mr. Krichauff, M.P., and Mr. T. Harry secretary. ? Inquest. — The result of the enquiry into the death of William A.. Short shows conclusively the benefits to be derived by the lecture delivered by Dr. Popham. As soon as the elder boys heard of the accident they rushed to the spot, and for some time operated upon the body under the rules laid down by the 'doctor. The lesson thus gained ought to serve as an incentive to other medical gentlemen to give lectures on somewhat similar useful subjects. It would also justify the Education Department i n ap pointing lecturers for the purpose of instructing the scholars attending state schools, in important matters like the restoring of the apparently drowned. The conduct of the. two boys — Gardiner, aged 14 years, and Shepherd, aged 12 years— cannot be too highly spoken of. Both of them without a moment's hesitation plunged into the river, which, owing to the recent rains, is considerably higher than usual, and the cur rent mnch stronger. Three times did young Shepherd plunge in, but the current was too strong ; but he was undaunted, and only desisted from his efforts when he heard Gardiner call out that he had found the body The - lads then, profiting by Dr Popham's lecture, tried to restore animation, unfortunately without success.', ,The boys ought to be publicly 'com- fnended, jtiot only for their pluck, but also for trying to lestore-auimationl It will be remem bered that the Iboy Shepherd performed a promi nent part in '* Pinafore '' recently. ? Designation. — We' understand that Mr. William Townsend intends to resign the position of Chairman of Committees in the House ©I Assembly. ? Boothby. Cash.; — It will be remembered that under one of the provisions of the Civil Service Act Mr. Josiah Boothby, C.MG., Under Secretary, asked that a board of- en- quiry might be formed to investigate the various charges which had been made against him. This board has now been appointed by the Government, the members being Hons. B. T. Finniss and R. B. Andrews, Qj.C, and Mr. 0. H. Goode. — Advertiser. Large Hotel. — At the celebration of the opening of the 'Victoria Extension Docks, in England, on June 24, the dejeuner vrsus served up by Messrs. Spiers & Pond, in a building 750 feet long by 120 feet wide ';' 200. Jables were laid for nearly 4,000 guests, and a mile and a half of tablecloth was required. There were used on the occasion 25,000 forks, a ton of knives, 24,000 glasses, 15,000 plates, 5 cwt. of black grapes, 1 cwt of muscatels, 2,000 baskets of strawberries, 100 dozen apricots, 2,000 plums, 10 dozen peaches, 10 dozen nec tarines, 2,000 oranges, about 3 cwi. of cherries, and 120 pines, &c.;, making alto gether about 1,000 varied pyramids of fruit. Besides the flowers-used for decorating the interior of the building there were placed upon the tables over 1,000 flowering plants, which together with the fruit were suppMed to the firm by Mr. George Butt, of Kensington. At» army of 150 cooks and carvers prepared this enormous feast, and 500 waiters served it. Naiene Railway. — There was a long dis cussion in the House of Assembly on Wed nesday afternoon on a motion brought for? ward by Mr.Basedow, that in the opinion of the House the Government should not call for tenders nor enter into any contract or ob ligations in reference to the second section of the Nairae liajlway until the money required, for that portion of the line had been passed ,on the loan estimates. This motion was in troduced, Mr. Basedow explained, in confor mity with a recommendation of the Finance Commission, previously approved by the House. Having made this explanation he proceeded to advance reasons why, in his opinion, the construction of the second sec tion of the. line should not be proceeded with. His chief point was the fact that the cost of the first section of the work had con siderably exceeded the original estimate, and that the enormous expenditure on the line could not be met by any adequate return. The coBt of the first section being £560,615, and the estimated cost of the wtole line £712,000, only £150,000 was left for the second portion, which it was thought would be quite insufficient. Several members objected to the auction taken by Mr. Base dow in reopening the Nairne Railway question on a motion such as that submitted, and it was urged that it was never the intention of the Finance Commission that the 'System1 they recommended of bringing1 down loan, estimates should be used for the 'purpose of hampering the Government in calling for ten ders for a work already sanctioned. The Commissioner of Public Works, in the course of his reply to Mr. Basedow's remarks, siated that the second section of the line would cost only £111,000. Mr. Basedow'a statements as to the probable traffic were also denied ; and there was a general expression of opinion that his motion was ill-advised, as being an interference with former legislation. Finally the hon. member withdrew his motion. — Advertiser. Football. — The retnra match between the Gawler Albions and Kent Town Football Clubs was played at Kensington, on Satur day, September 11. The game (which was shorter than usual on account of the bad state of the ground after the late rains) was contested in a most friendly manner, and re sulted in a draw, greatly in favor of the Albions, who scored nine behinds to the Kent Town's one. After the match both teams assembled at the Robin Hood Hotel/ where an -excellent dinner was provided, and a very pleasant evening was spent till about eight o'clock, when the Albions after giving hearty cheers for the Kent Towns took their depar ture to meet the train for Gawler. Babossa Revision Coukt. — The last Gazette contains separate lists of 23 elector for the House of Assembly, and 44 on the roll for the Legislative Council, voting at Gawler, objected to by the Returning Officer for this district. Notices have been sent to each elector of the Returning Officer's inten tion to strike off the name at the Court of Revision to be held in Tanunda, at 2 o'clock on the 25th September, unless cause be shown to the contrary. We, however, un derstand that it will not be necessary for any person (objected to) to attend the Court, but a written statement that the elector still resides in the district, and is qualified to vote, which can be forwarded to the Return ing Officer a few days before the date of holding the Court, and will be sufficient in all bona fide cases. An unusually large num ber of names have lately been added to the Gawfer division ''of the Barossa Rolls through the supporters of the Sunday closing move ment. The lists of names objected to will also appear in the next Gazette. Paofe3sob Pepper. — This distinguished lecturer intends giving two of his eminently useful and scientific lectures on Wednesday and Thursday next at the Institute halL The first lecture will be entitled ' Light ' and ' Torpedo Warfare.' The second even ing will be devoted to ' The Dancing Skele ton' and 'Yoyages in the Air.' The Education Department authorised Professor Pepper to give a series of six lectures to the state school children in Adelaide, and the testimonial received from the department testifies to the benefit the children derived. In Gawler the Professor has invited all the school children to attend. The following extract from the Advertiser shows plainly the superior character of the lectures : — Professor Pepper, who during the course of his long career as a scientific lecturer in the metropolis of the world has delighted hun dreds of thousands of people of all classes and ages, is about to favor Adelaide with a visit. T&o; denizen of the old world can have failed to hear something, of the fame of Pro fessor Pepper, and no inhabitant of London coula express his ignorance of what Pro fessor Pepper has done to make science popu lar at the famous Polytechnic. It is a matter iyi- uuugratiuiauuu. mat me jrroiessor lias crossed the seas to visit Australia, and we are pleased to know that he has everywhere been ,well received in the adjoining colonies. The value of his scientific and entertaing lectures has been recognised here in the right quarter, as the Minister of Education has arranged for the visit of the teachers and advanced scholars from the public schools to some of the professor's lectures at the Academy of Music. We ha*e no doubt the general public will also throng to these in teresting and useful exhibitions. The pro fessor's ., lectures are n6fc- merely dry state ments of facts, but he brings with him up ? wards of twenty tons of appanafcua-ajjil .nWar ly-contrived mechanical aids, to illustrate his subject with experiments, and he is also assisted by his son and two or three other persons. His opening entertainment will be given^a Monday, next. It -has been well said that ** the art of conveying to others the great laws that govern the universe, and more especially such portions of them as apply to our own little atom of the vast whole, is a gift in which the professor excels, and a judicious admixture of amusement with instructions resulted in his audience being taught without knowing it. Under his gentle spiriting, science was no longer synony mous with harsh technicalities and dryas dust formulae. It became a region as charm ingly enchanted as the pleasantest locality of storv^ook lore. No wonder that for nearly thirty, years the Polytechnic lectures ranked amongst the firet of -London's numerous at tractitfds. No wonder the inventors, anxious 'to/spread the fame of some new achievement in the field of their researches, sought out Professor Pepper, and by his kindly aid were ?able to place themselves en rapport with multitudes instead of units: No wonder that from Royalty downward the name of Pro fessor Pepper became as a household word, and the man himself the recipient of many honorable distinctions. But not by lectures alone did he seek to improve the millions of the great city. He instituted and success fully carried on a series of classes, which have been the means of educating large numbers of Londoners ; while in the course of his own private studies he discovered and brought be fore the public marvellous applications of scientific phenomena. His famous ghost effects alone placed thousands of pounds to the credit of the Polytechnic funds, and have made Ismail fortunes for exhibitors all over the globe, even though the said exhibitors gave their audiences but the mere shadow of the wonders which the professor himself knows how to produce.' .„ 4 /BbcratAOKDiSAKs; Breach -of Promise Case. — The attention of His Honor the Chief Justice and a Jury of twelve was occu pied on Tuesday afternoon in the Supreme Court with the hearing of a most unusual breach of promise case. The ' pursuer ' upon this occasion was not a lady but a younff man named Alfred Claude Noble, en gaged in business as a general dealer in Hindley-street, while the defendant was a young lady of property named Ellen Mary Crawford, whose husband, William Crawford, was also joined with her as defendant. The evidence .abundantly proved that there had been a breach of promise, and that just on the eve of the day appointed for the redding the lady eloped with her present husband, who was an old lover of hers. It seemed, however, tls-»* the plaintiff had been veiy solicitous ab.- ?*. the property, and the evi dence showed that ' lacerated feelings ' were in his case an inborn experience. His coun sel, Mr. W. 'Villeneuve Smith, created great amusement by remarking in his address to the Jury that ' this poor young man is evi dently «tili suffering -trom the effects of his disappointment, and the' .Attorney General (who appeared for the defence) has practised upon that by trying to make him give stupid answers.' The Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for £20 damages with costs. — Advertiser. 