PROCESSIONS. No Bymbol la more majeatio than the procaa- bIoo, none richer in beauty and significance ; complex but simple ; multiform, yet marshalled in subjection to one governing thought, its fuluccs Is the fulnes3 of its great antetype, human life. Its motion is the figure of the undying energy of that life; its adornment ia n revelation of the outward glory and_ dolight of being; its accord ia the sign of the inner har monies of society; upon its banners are written the battle-oriea of man militant. It is an expression of power, n symbol of ooroorate effort, a very sacrament of obedience. Wo dis cern in man the individual, tho procesalon of tho " Severn Ages," with the master, Death, bringing up the|rcnr,and science would have ua believe the wondroua tale of revolution — tho procession of formB past and to come. Mother Nature, out of her abundance, preccntsus with endless parallels, from the ordained march of in sects to the clouds ohepherded,by the wind, and the stare going in solomn procession upon tneir ancient paths. Religion and tho regal power, symbols them selves, have everjjchoBen the procession as a poetic statemont of their strength antof their claims upon mankind. On wall and frieze ' an d column are pictured the festivals and the triumphs of tho days of old, frozen, petrified unmoving — the weapon ever poised, the etandard motionless, the footfall never to sound upon tho pavement, the face of captor and captive fixed as with the arrest »t icnuut death. The long procession wi'h snnil and trophy is stayed upon tho pillar of Trajan ; above the porch of the Grecian temple the slim youths and maidens are silent as ghosts, stirring not to the duple Date. The weird pageants of Egypt are yet warm with color, but the chariot rests until the walls crumble down ; the cruel power of Ninoveh Uvea only in multiplied presentment amidst the entombing desert sands. As the procession lost its rude but tolling simplicity, was shot with skilful play of color and rustled with cloth of gold, its power of kind ling live enthueiaim was weakened, and it was degraded towards the rank of mero spectacle, Life, at first a child looking with loving wonder on Hb surroundings, grows century by century less poetic, language exobonges ber birthright of mystic and beautiful' speech for more dried and colder forms, and national habits would seem to vary as though youthful jollity were dulled with the hardness of advanoing years. And yet the Middle Age was a great age of pageants, for tho Western Church dealt in kingdoms and joined bands with the " world ;" her priest children, true cosmopolitans, as serted her to be the dispenser of civil power as of sacred things, and sanctioned each civil act by their presence and their rites. The processiona of the Church became innumerable ; no publio occasion seemed too ignoble to be in capable of being dignified by them. The Reformation came with its new learning, a movement that did not leave its _ mark upon religion alone, but upon overy relation of life in Europe. Tho air was cleared as by a tempest; nation after nation was relieved from oppressive load of ordinance and tradi tion ; but the storm where it had relieved visited with a subtle blight the poetry of out- . ward life. That poetry, Btill a, survivor in in the south, in the north is too often dead, or a slender mockery. In our England of to-day we are half ashamed of any public display of national emotion ; the little pageantry we have is not spon taneous; men are glad when they doff their robes of State and fold away their banners; the whole affair has a flavor cf unreality about it. We would fain be rid of it like some Btupid old game we are bound to play at Christmastide ; only respect for antiquity restrains ua ; and we suffer it to linger, like — Somo posr nlirb- relatcd guest, Thai may not rudoly b j dltm'ncd. Each year witnesses the curtailment of some anoient pomp, the cession of some old ceremony, for to-day . we profess to be somewhat indifferent to externals. Rut doe3 not the heart of society, as society, heat more weakly because this profession is true 1 Does not the national eye perceive lees clearly the orders into which men have fallen and will fall, save in their short fevers of anarchy ? As the precession goes by, the few notable and the many inconsiderable become the true human family ; the jay or grief of tho prince thrusts tho fact of bis common humnnity upon every eonl in the crowd, and hie figure, cleared from a mist of abstractions and misconceptions, is seen as simple man. The fools and cynics may gibe and sneer, hut the hears of the maes iB tonched with the joy or pity proper for the occasion ; and the faith in tho dying oat ot hate and prejudice, and the growth of a kindlier consideration of man for man, may well go strengthened from such a scene. In its processions each age and nationality puts forth the most distinct characteristics of its government and habits, exhibiting, as it were, an epitome to the public eye. In the gazing crowd there was generally a curious chronicler bent on depicting the scene in word or color. This occupation, which to a contemporary may have seemed trifling, is gratefully remembered by a posterity loving to compare itself with the likeness of an older time. A consolatory thought for that large clas3 of writers and 'painters to-day who em ploy themselves in preserving a minute record of the face of modern society. The thousand festivals and commemorations of heathendom, full as they were of the pride of life and the glow of an evanescent joy, were wanting in the Iessed ingredient of hope, A new light arose and ite first rays shone upon the tomb ; the Apoetolio Constitutions directed that the faith ful dead should be carried forth with singing. Christianity borrowed the heathen Bymbols of victory— the palms, the olive branches, the incense, tho lighted torches — cypress, the em blem of sorrow, was forbidden. Very distant in years and spirit were some of the later manifestations oi faith. In the thirteenth century a strange madness spread abroad, begining at . Perugia. Men, women and children marched ia procession, often with cross, banner, and oandles, flagellating and flagellated, the leathern thongs of their whip3 frequently tipped with iron. Pestilence and war brought many parts of Europe very low, and this waB a wild expres sion of remorse and a call for mercy — '' the mountains and fields seemed to resound with the voices of men crying to God." Tho Black Death caused a renewal of this pitiabla infatuation. In the time of our Edward III. a band of flagellants reached London and found mare spectators than imitators. These poor people had an extraordinary mode of pro gressing. They laid flat upon their faces, with the excoption of the last, who passed over the others, giving eaoh a blow, and laid himself down at the head of the procession. The hindmost man then arose, performed a similar office, and resigned it in a like manner. Still more gloomy was the dread procession of victim and inquisitor to the auto-da-fe. The guard of soldiers, each with a bundle of fagots at the end of his halberd, the veiled oross, the chanting priests, the miserable victims, the effigies and writings oondemned to the flames, the officers of the Inquisition, the Grand Inquisitor, surrounded by his bady-gaard in blank satin and silver lace, formed a pfctnre fit to appal theetonteatheretio. In England the Rogation or Gang week-, in whioh tho priests weut abroad " singing goBpels and making crosBeB in many piaoes," were for the invocation of a blessing upon the fields, the commending of justice in landmark, and the exhibition of charity in the " ac> companying of each other." The London Com panies were great in processions, the Fish mongers, on' one occasion, going to St. Michael's, Cornhill, with three crosses and one hundred prieBta in copes, the parishioners and members of the guild follow ing, bearing white rods. The blue-coat bays in " shirts and smokes" were wont to marc i " ij and ij together" at the aldormau's funerals, singing Psalms, their mastere carrying green staves. The u<ngo of procession was on acknowledgement of de- . pendenoe, in which the parochial officers and clergy of certain deputed parishes, headed by an archdeacon, did a kind of horange at the abbey or cathedral where they owed it. Tho capsular tenants of Exeter marched around tho cathe dral on St. Peter's Eve ; the choristers hold ing painted shields of arms. These are but a few odd glimpses at the details of a sub ject so vast that a score of Pioards could not do it justice. Wish the old oustoms have decayed the old offices ; the mane-bearers the swordbearere, and their congeners are meetly einecuriets now-a-days, trembling at the pbllipplos of Sir Charles jJilke, The glory of tneLord Mayor's show is diminished, and processions are mostly relegated to teetotallers Tlobbornites, and "such small deer." Tho historian of processions, disappointed oi Mr Gladstone's triumphal entry into London, may \- rest bis pen for a long time before thie prosiac age will fnrnieh him with fresh material. — .Extract. _____ 