' HE WANTED TO BE AN ACTOE. Detroit Jrrca Press* I \- A orrizsrr, tfhota bfBt Treiyht tio7ar ?? cesda 120 pounds, wag, the otlior daybuj ing' a couplo of lufneofc a laruiot tin tit market, and boforo the bargain wns'cca- eluded, the tivobosame quite friocdly, an! the t armor stiidho hau somolh.n.; on hit mind J,o cominuuicato. One of hia toji had a passion lor thaatiicila aud was c?- !?ir?ue of becoming an actor. Tho jda [was co strong en islm that) lie had bscarei i worthless round the farui, ana the ii'wi I wa3 in a' peck of trouble to know how n : turnthe boy's attention horn tuefootligit! to tho plou^b-liaadlee. '"Spate J. sou d kiioi to yon, 'epoet jco make fun and lidiuulii him anti lot uiu ?s { how fcolieh it 33?" suggcbttd tbo filhir, andtUe,citizen agiecd. Aaaieiultof t!i planning tbo boy walked iiiiu taa oititaa'i placu ot business oa Congress-street tut neat moining. The father had c&llei; h:a a boy, but ho weighed about 169 pjiiKii, stood nt-arly bix teot high, ond ho but? pair of hanuu tv large us tho chramoc-t in ICosoinito Valloy. His amrnl mi ?? peeted, and after a few woids sbcut tit weather, tho citizun quoriad : '.' So you think you would make sn sob, oh?" " T?e, I kinder thluk bo," vris tho t?pi/. ?' What lme would yuu tnko t" " Well, I kindor like tr.itgedy." !' Xregeay ! Why, you ojutau't BnciiHd in trogeily 1 JLoolc at yonr hauda! Lojk ?: iboio feet 1 Rjmuiauor your voiaa! Yos'l bo hisaeil off tue fltajo. Dou't auvfir itict oi tiagedy." " How would I do in a drama," asked tit ? boy. " Not at nil; in tho.Qrat plaosyoui niitn < too lurgo. TUdu your ucalu toj(?. .Then your hfitids would iitdo huli tiio oilm aatoru. Daa'i try tho drama, lor jou Kill l? a dead failuro." " Osald I do aoylhiDg in oomwljf" "Mot a fthiug. Tuu eisht of JO'i is comedy would ha cho eamo an tho aijut ho&tao; on tho Btago. All tuo" ln?rtcl tv ipresiiiou joa have in behind yonr cats." "l'te theugut some of Duiag a , ai£|a ;minatrei," obaorvail tao boy, alter ft loss .Blleuoa, " That , * the worst of all. I toll you, b], i you'd betttr otiok to thu'/arui. ? Yua erg ci. out oat tor an actor, aud you wuat to <b<? ! the idee." ? . , ? ' ' 1 ?? Oonldn'i I act ac ueberf' , - "No, dir; yoii ato tou stiff in theknets.' 1 " Ooulda'l I tuka titikuu ?" " NoTtr 1 Tour handb uto too big (or thit, .norli." ? "Oouldn't I shift ecehseF" " No. You are too big and unmoUj" There im-3 v lung and painful silsccj. Then the boy rose up aud taid: " Well, I'm bound to go into thcatrisa-'. If I can't bo anything 'eha I'll to i" teller that stands ut ttia door to nis? i row, aud I'll begin on you! Coiuo ow" here!" . Ho hauled the adviser ovor tha taM) olutched him by tat) eui*U of tha and spun him wound, slaiumitd i> u ugaiust the wall and him tog'! "a better hola. \Yncn the curtain re?? the next uct there was a strictly pi" , " convewation gomjj on betweon Hus* , aud the Guoat, and tuo Ohoat'ii oo*t w 'ripped up tho back and hu collu'-'j 1 * opun. Tlien Humlet eudilunly uimuw , ' , in a loud voice: "Caitiff! do you declare that I cu?> aot?" Thea the Ghost dodgod arouni U? table and replied: "Wo. I doa'tl Tou are all right-f -are a eplendid actor—you ??a't bcl P ? win I" " And you'll toll mc fathac to?" " I will—you bet I will I" - "If you don't !" . - j Here Hamlet took three stepi !??*? two book, jcoffltd hja rfercoit, M? v ? Qhoati jumped bohiod the stove w" *? f " hod even pay 50 dole, iora private bw" the nigut or ilie (??4k<. . . '.' "Tin well 1" taiil iUwlot,and bo *j over ou the market to lee if oouw *-| three peeks of ouion eeie for cush uuOT? A man etatbefl another. vitb'APVf.jJ I £chaora leoently id Hiooklyn. It is u*"l- H dangeroui to iutermpi a ptwoa wlii) u ffU K uig adlioriiifl. B 165\. "I 