Chapteb XXXIX.—Diluting Apabt. Life at Fair view was going on in the old quiet way. Sir Everard had made but little change in his habits sipce his return from Algiers. The only difference was that he lived more alone, and "spent much of the time that of old he had given to his daughter in the seclusion of his own study. Eulcie felt the change, but she offered no protest againBt it. She and her father seemed to have drifted imperceptibly from the old, happy, familiar companionship into reserve and strangeness. He no longer spent the idle hour or so before dinner lounging in one of Dulcie's comfortable arm-chairs while she played to him; and Chopin's mournful melodies seemed sadder than ever now that Dulcie sat alone at her piano. Of the gradual decay in Sir Everard's health and strength there could be no ques tion. He had the air of a man whose day s are numbered, and who knows that the' number thereof is small. It might be a question of months, or even Jyears; but that idea of an indefinite lease of life which a man has while his limbs retain their vigor, and his heart beats sound and strong, was at an end forever. He had been to London since his return to see the famous doctor, who last December had pronounced, with delicate ambiguity, that oracular sen tence which the patient knew to mean his death-warrant *, and the physician had in structed him in the art of spinning an attenuated thread to the fag end. But tnis process' of spinning out' the thread was a weary one, and Sir Everard's soul revolted againBt'it, even although he obeyed. He was to live quietly, to court repose^ perfect tranquility of mind and body, above all other earthly /blessings, since in that lay ; his sola chance of prolonging his life. • "I have led a secluded :life-for the last itwelveyears," said Sir Everard, " with no amusements or excitements of . any hind. ; I. have lived alonp,' with my books and my; daughter." The physician looked at him with an in credulous smity as who would say, " Why will my patients persist in lying to me, when it is so easy for me to find them out?" "You tell me so," he said, gravely,"and I cannot gainsay you; but your heart tells of violent agitations—of an organization worn out by passionate emotion and mental struggle." Dulcie might have drooped and died from sheer loneliness and melancholy in those days had it not been for Lady Frances Grange and her brother. Frances having once pat her hand to the plough was not the kind of young woman to let go until She had made her furrow. Having pro mised Sir Everard to be a friend and a sister to Dulciejshe was resolutely bent upon keeping her word. She came to Fair view two or three times a week, and she in sisted upon Dulcie driving her poiiies to Blatchmardean almost as often. Thus the' two girls rarely spent the day apart, and this companionship absorbed the greater part of Dulcie's leisure, sinceher .mornings were chiefly devoted to visiting among the poor and teaching in the school. Of late ■ she bad given herself up to this work with a perseverance and self-abnegation which she had scarcely shown in happier days, tender and affectionate as she had ever been in her care -for the poor and the suffering. But now that all the hope and gladness had gone from her own life the mes and hopes. ; Of; oth^wer^ihe chief occupation of he*,, mind. ' Sl^shrank from. all thoughts that turned inward. She was glad to be busy about other peoples' business. Those long mornings at her easel or piano, which had once been so sweet to her,* would now-haver been full of pain, since they would have given her time for thought... ... Had slie been left to herself In the time of her first great sorrow she would hardly have made so noble a stand against the selfish grief which broods and despairs; but she was urged to action and sustained in -her course by a new friend who had a strange influence upon her mind. This was Mr. Haldimond, who, from the hour he'first saw her face, had determined to rescue her from the slough of despond into which she was falling, to make life bright and pleasant to her once again. Not for a moment did he give her reason to suspect that he knew her story, or that he was going out, of his way to console her. He appealed to her in the cause of othershe sought to interest her in the sorrows..of others; he made her believe that he wanted her help among his poor and could not get on with-, .oiit it; and she responded nobly to his call. If {lie saw any sign of flogging, any willing ness! to fall back upon her lonely days at ; Fairview, he was at her side..to stimulate her to exertion. She walked many a mile in the course of her charitable visits, and the .pretty roan ponies were known far afield in distant Cottages on the. remotest edge of the wide sparsely-populated parish. Sometimes she was inclined to doubt-her power to do good, except in the substantial' form of benevolence which ministered to the bodily wants of her poor '; but when she hinted at her incapacity, and expressed her fears to Arthur Haldimond, he gave her such warm assurance that she was fain toT believe him. "You think because you cannot preach and dogmatise to these poor creatures that you 'are doing no good," he said. " That is a, grbat mistake. You influence them for good in a world of ways. Your bright face, your; innocence of all evil, your gentleness of manner, all these have ..a purifying, elevating effect, which poor people feel without being conscious of it. They would ■ not utter a course, unholy word in your >pre'sdnce on any account, and gradually, if ' they See you often; they will leave off coarse, bad language altogether., . They wouid notlike to be rough with their children .before you, you are so gentle; and by de grees the habit of gentleness will grow upon-them, The education of imitation goes ;on all through life, and what is to become of those poor creatures who never see anything beautiful or gracious that they can imitate. Believe me, dear Miss Courtenay, your trouble is not thrown away. In several cottages where you have been I have seen a new brightness in the furniture, flower pots in thb windows, a r nosegay on the table, as if things bad been smartened up to do you honor—and if you leave a palpable trace of this kind, be as sured you leave some trace of your good ness in the hearts of those you talk with. "Why, the fact that these people love you, and are anxious for your visits, ought in itself to be a sufficient reward." " Yes," faltered D ulcie, looking ashamed of herself, "I am very ungrateful, and I do love them all, poor things, and it is very nice to know they are glad to see me." Mr. Haldimond came to Fairview as often as the many duties of his parish would allow him, and he was one of the few people whose society Sir Everard en joyed. The curate was a scholar, a man of wide culture; aud scholars were rare within a ten miles radius of Austhorpe, in which rural district men gave their minds chiefly to sport and agriculture, and thought they knew all that life could teach them when they had learnt how to choose a horse, and -were acquainted with the elements of farriery. Mr. Haldimond was made wel come at fi'airview. He dropped in when ever he liked; and it seemed to Dulcie that her father was always happier and more at his ease with her when Mr. Haldimond was piresent that when he and she were alone. If the curate came in at tea time Sir Everard would join him in the morning room, where Mr. Haldimond unconsciously had appropriated to himself Morton's particular chair. He was a desperate tea drinker, and had almost lived upon tea and bread and butter during hie busy life it Whiter chapel. ■ "My dinner was always a moveable feast," he said gaily, "and there were days when I forgot to dine. But at whatever hour I came in my housekeeper always brought me a pot of strong tea and a plate of substantial bread and butter; and you have no idea how well I throve upon that school-girl diet. I had no such luxuries as you give me, Miss Courtenay, none of these. daintinesses in the way of cake and toast, and I am afraid you and Austhorpe are spoiling me for the battle of life." "You seem to work very hard at Aus thorpe," said Dulcie, " though you came here to rest." "I could not live without work of some kind; but here I only play at working. You have no idea what work means in a London back-slum, or of the despair that creeps into a man's mind when he finds himself in the middle of a world where everything is "wrong, and feels his incapability of setting it right." | " But I daresay you did a great deal of good ?" said Dulcie. "I did what I could. I rolled the big stone a little way up the hill. I filled a few of the bottomless buckets. I cleansed one little corner of the Augean stable, and I daresay by this time that particular corner is just as dirty as all the rest. Yes, Miss Courtenay, it is disheartening work. You who live among green fields, where some thing of the freshness and simplicity of nature still remains in ' the hearts of men, ; can. hardly imagine the horror of London j poverty." I Everbody at Austhorpe liked Mr." Haldi mond. i His cheerful, energetic, active temperament contrasted delightfully with the languid graces of Mr. Mawk, who, find ing that he: would not be allowed to carry ' out his own particular ritual in all its full iness had contented himself with a very sleepy perfonfiance of his duties, reserving aU the forces of his intellect for future exercise in a more congenial sphere. The; parish had thus, been in a great manner left to take .care of itself, and it awakened to new life under Mr; Haldimond's vigorous administration. '' r Dulcie was very glad that Sir Everard should make a, friend of the new curate—in deed, he of all men was the friend she would have chosen for her father, for she had a strong belief in his goodness, his wide sym pathy with all human sorrow. Not once had the father and daughter talked confidentially together since their home-coming. Each seemed carefully to avoid unreserved conversation. When they talked together it was always of indifferent matters, of art or literature, or the events of the day., Of their own lives, their own feelings, neither spoke, i One day Sir Everard told Dulcie that he meant to take her to Egypt in the late autumn. " My doctor says Egypt will suit me," he said, "and I dare say you will like to go there." n . " Very much. I have always wished to see Egypt." "1 am glad of that. And in the mean-, time, now.that you' have an agreeable friend in Ladv Frances, I suppose you will not mind staying at Fairview." " No, papaI am. quite content, to be at Fairview." : . ' This was true, for although Dulcie had felt at first ithat.it would be intensely pain ful for her to he in the neighborhood of her discarded lover, that theknowledge that he ; was near her, the dread .of meeting him, " would mate life a burden, she hgdgradually; grown accustomed to the idea that all was ended between them, and to think of her engagement sadly, but as a thing of the pakt. It seemed so long ago since she had been utterly happy in the gladness of a girl hood that had lacked no blessing that earth can give., She thought of herself and her bygone happiness as if she had been think ing of another person. She thought of the Morton Blake whom she had known and loved as some one who had passed from this earth altogether. A Morton Blake remained, but not the one who bad loved her. She fancied she could meet and speak to him as to a stranger, almost without a pang; so completely had she resigned herself to the idea that their par ting was irrevocable, that under .no, circumstance could they ever renew the broken tie. She met Dora Blake one day in the village, and paused shyly, blushing crimson, and afraid to speak. But Miss Blake took both her hands, and held them lovingly, looting at her with unaltered affection. " Why, Dulcie, were you going to pass me by ?" she exclaimed. " 1 did not know what to do," faltered Dulcie, with tears in her eyes. " I thought you might be angry with me." "Angry with you; no, sweet love. Whatever, might happen I should never blame you. I know my Dulcie's lovely character too well. I am sorry, dear, very sorry, that things should have fallen out as they have, hut I cannot blame you for obeying your father!" Not one hard word about Sir Everard. Dulcie felt, unspeakably grateful. " Dear Miss Blake? you are always good. You j are able to pity and understand every one.; I hope Tiny and Horatia are not very angry with me." " Tiny is apt to-be a little unreasonable," said MisB Blake, " and Horatia has rather a hardlw.ay of looking at things. But they were,always fond of you, dear, and I think what theyfeel most is being deprived of •your jSociety. .1 should like to come and ■see you, loye,. but l feel that it is better for me,to-stay away; Your -father might think that I was trying to bring you and Morton together again. In any case I do not think he would care to see me at Fair view." Dulcie felt in her heart that Miss Blake was right. "It is a sad loss for me," she said. -" There is no one—after my father—that I love better than you. I am ever so much happier now that I know you have not turned against me." Dulcie went home with her heart con siderably lightened, and played lawn tennis ■with Frances Grange, Lord Beville, and Mr. Haldimond, with something of her old gaiety. The sunk lawn below the terrace at Fairview was admirably adapted for tennis, and Frances had insisted upon two afternoons a week being set aside for the game. She told Mr. Haldimond that if he chose to play he would he welcome, though he was such a tremendous swell that he made the whole contest ridiculously one sided ; and if he didn't choose to join them they must find some obliging nonentity to make a fourth ; hut it happened somehow that Mr. Haldimond could always find time for a game of tennis at Fairview and a cup of tea afterwards, sometimes in the morn ing room, sometimes in a delightful little circular tent which Frances had persuaded Dulcie to set up between two great cedars on the upper lawn. On this particular afternoon, when Dul cie had been cheered by her meeting with Miss Blake, the curate was delighted at the new brightness of her face. He had been watching and waiting for the lifting of the cloud that veiled her beauty ; and now he fancied the shadow was passing away, and that he should see her as Mrs, Aspinall had described her to him, iu the radiance of her lovely girlhood. "She is beginning to forget Morton Blake," be thought. "I wish the man were a thousand leagues away instead of being at her door." Beville was devoted in his attentions, following Dulcie like her shadow; but, alas for the young man's hopes, she accepted his devotion as carelessly as if he had been some affectionate ^Newfoundland or impres sionable collie, frisking and leaping about her. She took his complimentary speeches as so many tremendous jokes, laughing at them heartily, and she treated him as cor dially as if he had been her brother. " It's no use, Fan," he told his sister, de spairingly, when that young lady tried to inspire him by assuring him of Sir Everard's approval. " What's the good of the father ■ being friendly to me if the daughter doesn't care a straw for me. And I know she doesn't. That parson fellow has as good a chance as I." The words had an ominous sound to Frances Grange's ear. What if the curate had a better chance than Beville ? What if he were about the most dangerous rival that could have appeared upon, the field? He was handsome, of noble presence, a thorough gentleman, cultured, widely read, travelled, interesting in every way j and Fanny knew that he was deeply interested in Dulcie. "He must be got out of the way some how," she said to herself, " or Beville will not have the ghost of a chance. I must warn Sir Everard of the danger." She took an early opportunity of being alone with the baronet for a few minutes on the terrace while the others were loiter ing oh the tennis lawn. " Dear Sir Everard," she began, sidling up to ' him in her pretty, coquettish way, being perfectly at eaise with him by tins time, 'r and having a lurking idea that he liked her and thought all her ways charm ing. r" I am going to take a most awful-' liberty. ,I hope you ,wonJt, be too dreidr fullyangry. . "Tdon't think it is in my ppwer to be angry "with you, unless you were to desert poor Dulcie and turn your back upon Fair-. v?ew." j" Pas de danger," said Fanny, with a smile and a sigh. " I am to happy here.' But I" have been thinking—oh, please-don't be" cross—1 have' been thinking that, if you really would like Uulcie to marry Beirnle you are hardly wise in encouraging such an attractive person as Mr.Haldimond to make himself at home hsre. Please don't cry out at me I" : Sir Everard showed no disposition to any savage outburst, nor did he seem half so much surprised and concerned as Lady ; Frances expected him to be. He: only looked gravely meditative, and he answered her in his gentlest tone, j "I should like Dulcie to marry Beville,' he said, " for I believe he is a good, true hearted young fellow, and that he would . make her happy. J am still worldly- minded enough to wish that my daughter should b'e Countess of Blatchmarden, and that her inheritance should help to restore the fortunes of a noble family. But if to be Vour brother's wife now, and a countess by and by e, be not her surest road to happi ness, I will forego my own scheme, plea sant as it is to me. I want her to be happy. Ijwant to see the old brightness come back to her face before I die. I want to be sure that she1 has a faithful protector, a shield and defence against all earthly troubles. If I am not to see her happy in my way I should like'to see her happy in hers; and if; she would -rather be a country parson's wife than an embryo countess, I must bow to fate." "iYou werenot so indulgent about Mor ton," said Frances, -with a touch of vexa tion She was so grieved on Beville's account that she could not refrain from inflicting this little stab. = Sir Everard gave her a darker glance than she had ever had from him, " I think I told you some time ago that I had my own reasons for my conduct in that matter, and that I did not care to be questioned about them," he said, coldly, and poor Frances felt that her zeal had carried her too far. The fact was that Sir Everard was better aware than anybody else of Arthur Haldi mond's growing influence upon his daughter's life. He saw that Haldimond was doing that which he the father felt himself powerless to do. He was diverting Dulcie'smind from her sorrow; he was giving her that active share in the life and cares of others which is the best distraction for a troubled mind. And if a warmer feeling should grow out of this interest,. if the: adviser and friend should ripen into the lover, Sir Everard was prepared to accept theiresult, and to be thankful. "I only want her to be happy," he. said to himself. "I have destroyed her first hopes; I have blighted her .. girlhood. "Would to God that I might see her secure of a happy womanhood before I go." - (To be continued.) 