A TEAK'S RETROSPECT. The new year with colonial supporters of the turf finds them in the midet of the season when they have been assisting at the Champion meeting of the V.R.C., and not, as in the old country, where King Frost zeigns supreme, and racehorses are confined to their boxes, or the covered-in tan gallops. In the old country, the close season, if we may so term it, commences in December and ends with February, three short months, whilst, as a matter of fact, in Australia there is not really, and need not be, any vacation, the iroret weather of an Australian winter being often more pleasant than the mildest experienced at home. Box ing Day, indeed, in this favoured climate is that fixed for many a country fixture, and whilst the old folks at home are shiver ing over their coal fires the colonials /aie sweltering under the rays of a mid* Isnmmjfcr sun, and it argueB well for their love ofthe national sport that the country fixturesare, under the circumstances, so well patronised as they are. Looking back,' however, for 12 months, and taking stock, as it were, of the past, it is satisfactory to find that, on the whole, racing is keeping well up to the mark and progressing. Considering, indeed, the very bad times that have been experienced, tlie depression in trade, the tightness of tie money market, the drought, which for tvo or more seasons has greatly crippled the squatters, the farmers, and the selectors, it it surprising to us that racing has not been bore affected ,than it has. No one can deny foil that many of the country meetings have Jbein seriously crippled for funds, and some jfcaye disappeared altogether from the list of /fixtures. Nor can we wonder at it when even jBaliarat has had a hard straggle for exist iice, and but for the pluck, liberality, and tnteiprise of one or two gentlemen, notably iff. Bailey, might have given up the ghost ' lie increasing ' network of railways that is two had an unfavourable effect-so it is I rand to be the case-on provincial meetings. ] t jus so easy to get to the metropolis or to i yflney thftt many Qountryresidents prefer i,trip to the head-quarters of racing once or i wioe ayetorinpr^feiejice to supporting the ] Deal meeting, or if they do support it, it ia I ataf tbey. used to, with their presence as < rell aa their money. AM country rasing has, , to aopurextent fallen off, that of metropolis faipreasfe Afe41 Augur "has poittted<mt,weare nowge»ting a tfvadatf what with the V.R.G., the I^T.C.,; fw^ington-pwk^j^hioh at really* musanoe, andamere «ate it, mow than it can*fford,for nowhere ritting> be pajMK>rtML so ». aliastically as it, is htM. -' "What with et, conning, ^w^o<^r-DSi football, ^othettq^ort*,' tlMrcolaaial youth ataotbftr' Is'' taktn' up .<>#, ftiPIKQ. without1 tXf jfioWtWfw Tlx.' . 'An-i to the cradit o! .jKp AustralJfWs, it .wujt .be s*m iimilic, as a role, ooadttcts fcaeft 4$tb« priety and devphfiy, it meetings, jtthetircr Wtot o* :v »>. -"ftt -Woii.fr" !(j|le.-toHll-c0nccmc.(1. At a>l »v of, itupwi&ftw;, BijjiLctiinrif and Kan^wicbj tie people a >e*v« lav and order thai would surprise many people accustomed to attend race meetings in Great Britain. A writer, under the signa ture of "Amphion," in a recent number of Baitys Magazine, draws a deplorable picture of what too often takes place at race meetings in England. "The scenes on many race courses," he writes, "beggar description; bullies, bonnets, and ticket-snatchers at many places' carry all before them, and the authorities are powerless to suppress them." It is the gate-money meetings at which such a state of affairs chiefly prevails, and we recommend a perusal of the article, which is headed "A Plague Spot in our Racing System," to all who take an interest in up holding the integrity of the turf in these colonies. Fortunately, we Bay, this plague spot has not made , its appearance here to «ny appreciable extent, bat the lax administration of stewards at some meetings hasbeen forcibly alluded to. in this and other sporting joarhnals, notably at Caulfield and Wiliiamstofen, audit is well that such evils should he hipped ii* the bud as soon as they appear, so that the good character that Aus tralian sport, meetings enjoy may be main tained. . It is satisfactory to know that at the great I racing centres of this and. the other colonies there is no falling off in the average value of the prizes run for, and that the added money still keepB Well up to the mark. Ittis far better to note this than to have to'record here and there some great effort made to attract notoriety by instituting some very rich stake, and then to find after a season or two the inevitable collapse has set in, and nothing more is heard of it Festim lenie should be a turf motto; better to go gradually on, feeling one's way secure, than to attempt to achieve greatness at a bound, and faiL Here, as in Great Britain, the two and three year old races are becoming more and more popular, and the stakes run for more valu able. This is as it should be, and is en couraging to the breed of horses. Here, as at home, a well-bred colt or filly of a cunning family will bring its value at the hammer, and as our Maribyrnong Plates, Detbys, Legers, Oaks, and Produce Stakes be come more numerous and valuable, so the value of bloodi stock Bhould be upheld, and good prices obtained by breeders. We may take some little credit to our selves for having been instrumental in draw ing attention to the influence that betting exerts over the turf, and helping to bring about a better feeling of reciprocity between the leading turf institution of this colony and the leading betting institution. We have j been ridiculed and denounced, we know, i in certain quarters for the strictures we have from time to time passed on a certain portion of the betting ring here. To such as still are of the same way of thinking we commend a careful perusal of the article we hare quoted in Baily'e Magazine. Legitimate betting and a respectable betting zing always has had and will have our cordial support, and we hope to see Tattersalls taking a higher and Btronger position in the tuxf community than it has hitherto possessed. The countenance and support of the truly sporting portion of the community is re quired to attain that end, and we believe it will be forthcoming, and that another twelve month -will witness still stronger efforts made to purge racing of many of the abuses it has Buffered from through the instrumen tality of the unscrupulous portion of the betting community. There is i glorious future for the turf in these colonies, bat its welfare depends entirely on the firmness and integrity of those in authority, anl their de termination to take warning by what has happened in the old country, and which is BO graphically sketched in the article from Batty that we have quoted. 