THE CITY OF MERV. [From the London Daily Telegraph .] For many years Mery has been promment in the Central Asian correspondence between the Foreign Office of England and Russia, and for two generations has been a point of highest interest to Anglo-Indian nlnt-esmeu. IU name lias (liqs beconio tolerably familiar to the public ear, but of its actual value, commercial, political, aud strategic, ouly very inadequate estimates are generally current. As a matter of" fact, however, the importance of the city of Merv both to England and to India can hardly bo over - estimated. Not ouly commercially does it mark the |ioiut of "jmiotiun of tbe three highways of Oeutval Asia aloug which all the trallic of that vast region of necessity trawls, but politically it marks the point at which the advance of Kussta first iufringes upon tho Afghan frsn tier, to the injury of England in ludia, while strategically Merv gives its possessor an in comparable, and in fact the only, base for rapid and t?'i:ctive military Derations against Per sia and Afghanistan. Tbe modem city is a miserable ghost of the ancient Merv, the ac knowledged queen of Central Asia, tbat, with its million of iuhauitaut«, offered such desperate resistance to euumy after enemy eager to plunder its euormous wealth. Nor doos the cultivation around it to-day heir any proportion to tin; groat tracts which at one time produced sufficient graiu t<> supply all the caravans of Central Alia, aud yet leave enough to feed its own dense jtopulatiou. M?tv, never theless —the modern town—has to-day an im portance to which in the oldeu day* of its splendor it had uever attained, for it is the last stronghold of the brave Turko man tribes, who are themselves the last barrier to the fulfilment of Russia's scheme fur domi nating Asiatic public opiniou and for unseating Kagtand from the supreme position >=he now holds in the native mind of all the oast. The Turkomans themselves, the Tekkehs of Merv, understand to the full the importance of their ahieftowa. Yeats ago, when they foresaw the advance of Russia, they abaudoued their dif ferences with their neighbors the Akhal tribes, and while they promised to join the Utter to fight the iuvaders on toe threshold, Merv was decided upon as the point for the last joint stand. Qnek Teppeb, Tejeud. aud Merv were the three sites selected for giving batttc to toe Russians, but it was at Merv that the great and final effort to repel the Uossack wave was to be made. Some twenty pieces of artillery of strange patterns, tbe spoil of early battles with tba Persians and other neighbors, were dnly installed upon the primitive, but not Inefficient earthwork* of tbe Merv fort, and within the last .year the Turkomans have considerably increased Che strength of thtir stronghold. In a single day 20,000 fighting men could con centrate upon Uus point, aud local resources would amply suffice to supply this force, or four time* its uumlx-r, with food for niauy weeks. The presout -ity htaiuls on lower ground than old Mvrv, but it poMwsses in the nomeroa* <ratereour.se* that iuteraect the smrounding fi<-lds a mean* of defence which even in Turcoman bands might prove sufficient to foil au attack. Were these aqueduotaallowed to overflow aud tlood the ground the passage of artillery wauld be impossible, and of cavalry most dangerous, while the Turcomans, armed with rifles—converted many of them by their omi hands from old weapons iixio more improved patterns—and entrenched behind their mud walU, might inflict very serioui loss j upo?tbe approaching enemy. This enemy they used always to look for from the west, hot of late their eyva have turned north ward towards the Qxu* and Chaijui. Having formerly been under fba authority of Khiva, it was natural that they ehouJd look iu tliat direction, but morero eeatly the gradual fartifu-atiqn of tbe Oxaj by the Rus-.innj.auJ tho gr«?t stn-ufiUi to which Chaijui was atfeiuiug. gave additional and very forcible reasons to their glances of alarm turning to the uorth. The steamers which have I now, becu fur some years plying ou the ' Osus have been steadily supplying Chaijui, the tenuiua! fort, with all tbe moiii .lious fit war aud the conceutcation of troops in Its neighborhood, especially of tfae light irre gular hone which Russia has besa so largely raising, threatened Merv with constant danger. Ohaijui to such a force w not a week's distance from hf err, and the apprehensions of tbe Tur coman* for their capital were therefore well fonuded. Odco drir^n from that town they would have bat little chance of regaining posgesMwn, fur the Kusaiau artillery could 4n teu *!•)• he -brought up from Chuijui, Mad KuMtiau angimm would very soon make tlieoityof Merv impregnable by an uu?kill?d eueiuy. iiusaia would theu lie within a fort night'* A\f,t+i*r* of Herat, aa<l not only nearer by a hundred miles to that great fortress than are the Koglisb forces at K*"^*l'^ or at Oahul, but the vast rusourae* ot transport which the conquest of Merv woold place at their disposal would give the CoMaclu auch u advantage in the race for " the key of Oabul" as would double the dilfcteuce iu distauce alreadj iu their favor. 