Casque & cowl A Tale of the Froaoh Revolution. By the author of The Lily and the Rose, or the Fruit of that Forbidden Tree ' Amateurs and Artists,' ' Homeless and Friendless,' ' Now Fear's Chimes,' &c.; ' greater love jiatii no man than this. 1 . " Bettor to havo loved' and lost, ' " Than never to havo loved at all.'' CHAPTER XXXVI.— Continued. /// " Who art thou, traitor ,?" , . cried Charles, recovering -from the surprise / and striving to stifle the spontaneous respect created by such a presence. " Who art thou who hast conspired against my authority and plotted and connived at the escape of Henry Bourdon ?". V One of the King of Ndvarre's most loyal subjects, may it please your.Majesty ; and who, not acknowledging other suzerain, would have well deserved the brand of traitor had he not devoted himself to the service of his sovereign." " Thy name !" thundered the King. "Raimond Duke de la Font," lie replied, owning with pleasurable prido the title his royal mistress had conferred Upon him. The announcement caused a thrill of excite ment through the august ., assembly ; every head was bent forward to look on a hero of such renown, famous for romance and deeds of chivalry, famous in the council and in the camp, famous for rare diplomatic skill and power of government, famous as the wearer of the velvet mask. Even Catherine knew of him as a generous foe and faithful friend, and had envied her late rival no greater possession than that of owning such a devoted counsellor. The King turned to the Duke of Loraine, "Didst thou' not boast' of having slain this Duke do .la Font last night ho sneered. " Mcthinks if all thy work be done after this slovenly fashion, wo may 'anticipate, a resurrec tion, with Henry Bourbon at their head." : Lorraine ;bit/ his .' lip with; rage, /but Anjou, ' tried to laugh, it off witH: one , of- hi3 brntal' '"/-jests. "/" ;./_ -" / /.;/:// .'!.//'./' ,,//!i /V,.- /:!,. ./;" We .shall,, have; the ..fewer/ghosts to /lay', ; your Majesty," ho';said 'with'u little chuckle j' the King responded with a glance of fury. But here Catherine interposed her . velvet tones, being enchanted at the value of their capture. . " Allow me then to congratulate you, Mon-;- seigneur, on your, happy escape," she said with/ infinite grace. / ,'Mt would indeed have been deplorable had one so highly and deservedly ronowacd as the Duke ; de la Font suffered through /any . mistake or ... unlucky; accident, especially as wo all know the esteem my son- in-law Henry-of Nev'arro hath for you, . and whose chief: minister and counsellor I believe, yon are. The loss to himi of such a valuable aid would indeed be/ irreparable. " / "Madame," replied Raimond, coldly, "your. i Majesty doth Nevarre injustice in not knowing; that it containeth thousands; of loyal subjects better, abler, wiser than myself." " 'Tis your generosity which hath it so, Mon-1 seigneur," replied Catherine. " Yet l do not think you can deny the King of Navarre's attach-' ment and regard." ;i " It; would; ill-beseem me to do so;Madame," he returned dauntlessly. '." I gratefully ackow- ledge that my royal ; master hath' singled :nie' out, unworthy though I be,- for favours far beyond my poor deserts and' by which I am eternally bound-to his Majesty."1' " And shouldst therefore be; willing to aid him at this crisis in the niost effectual manner' you can, by assisting to restore him to his friends and relatives who have hitherto contrived to' shield him from the vengeance of the populace, who have been roused to fury. by some real or supposed provocation they received, from the. Huguenot party." Raimond swept his lofty glance round the whole assembly, and rested it full on the Queen. Another would have sunk, abashed it the lofty rebuke conveyed in the stern gaze,, but Catherine only turned to those about and stroked her, velvet bauds, regardless of the smiles exchanged, by those who knew her best, at her unblushing effrontery, and then continued in those smooth' even .tones, /which, with all their southern inusii', /rang/false and bard as tho heart that gave -fchom utterance. ' " We., have' been at great pains to protect! your King, and even resorted to the expedient of putting him under arrest, knowing his rash,' undisciplined' temperament, and faults arising- front want of efficient training." Raimond's dark eyes flashed, but the cold, uncompromising tones of his voice- were the same when lie answered loftily, "Madame, you have done me the honour to pay me so many fine compliments that I . pan only consider my opinion must bo worth some thing, and therefore affirm that I would every king and princo in Europe had received so wise and excellent an education as the King of Navarre. I can vouch for his early training, and that the first principles inculcated in him was to abhor every species of dishonesty and double dealing, to" despise crooked and false policy, and to speak the truth and fear no man." ' '/" / .There - were hot wanting those who. took a malicious pleasure in this home tliriist to , the Qii'cbn-motlicr, but Catherine only smiled more sweetly and continued, -/. ' ' I : entirely agree ; with you,. Mohseigneur, that truth is such a. cardinal . virtue' it Should atone for many minor failings ; but wo need not to enter on a disquisition on /the; King/of Navarre's qualities as, I trust, Duke, we shall have ample opportunities for doing so. Having explained confidently, of course) the true state of the case, may we ask your assistance/ in restoring the young . King to.his brido, who is quite inconsolable at- this cruel separation, and ill from, anxiety about him and his heartless desertion of., her !" and she smiled across at Guisei'/iwhp gnashcd his teeth and literally foamed/with rage. But Charles, weary, of -this by-play, cut through his mother's fine speeches, i suddenly exclaiming, , , : "To shorten; matters,;; Monsieur,-: for I; am- hungry andi-want my supper— tell , ns. plainly; will you or 1 will you not, inform us of ; tke! present locality of tho King of -Navarro?", Raimond looked back resolutely at the livid face, and angry eyes that glared upon him, and ; replied fearlessly, "Being an annotated king yourself, your Majesty must feel how impossible it would be for me to betray my sovereign." "Nothing is impossible that I choose to command," exclaimed Charles impatiently, "Beware that the betrayal as you term it is not wrung with your heart's blood from you." "We would not willingly offer any indignity to the Duke de la Font," began Catherine. " I will not ho trifled with any longer," ex claimed Charles in his high discordant voice. " Here is Henry of Bourbon escaped, and the Prince of Condd ; and the worst enemy of all, De la Font, risen from the dead, and God knows hbw many more to back him. I say we shall havo the avengers thundering at our gates, if we do not crush this viper's nest with energy. I believe from my soul yon are all afraid of him. Anjou hath need, for Henry chased him to the , gates of Paris, and" the Queen outwitted my mother, and De la Font here hath befooled the whole of us. I will tako the matter into my own hands, as you are all fools, cowards, and liars, as he said ere while, — he saith well — he saith well," — he stopped and rubbed his heated face, and then continued, turning savagely on the captive, "If you do not give us the information we require, know that we have the means at hand of extracting it from you, an you will it or no. It is for thyself to decide thy fate. Speak." " I have said it, your Majesty," replied Rai mond fearlessly. "With God's help I will never betray my King." Charles, almost choking with rage, turned to' Guise and Anjou. ; " ; " ; "Take him," ho said, "and tear it from him with his life. Got Montluc and Pity Gaillard, I advise, to help you," ho added with . a fiendish laugh. Raimond . never flinched, but ho folt an utterable pity for that poor young . King, and thonght how different he might have been; had. he /been blessed with a ' better mothor ; and ere quitting the chamber with bis old accustomed :c0urte3y,'he quickly 'saluted those present,' and jturned to follow his conductors.' 'Months after, that dauntless form and noble face haunted even 1 Catherine herself, and; a piing'' would shoot ' through,- her : hardened heart at the memory of that night's work, and' the noble life thby had quenched for ever. But he, kno wing nothing of tho impression he had made, followed his torturers down those palace stairs to the dungeon' depths concealed by the smooth marble pavements of the royal halls. He felt that his end had come,' and eveir his torturers know it was useless to try and wring a betrayal from such a one as he. As he came forth from the King's presence a' cowled form came swiftly and agitated up the gilded corridor, revealing the/ anxious and' horror-stricken features of Sigismond. He was too late, and he groaned aloud and wrung his hands impotently, whilst Guise, on soeing him, exclaimed, "Ha! father, thouSiast arrived in time to Bhrive this heretic, an he will ; for he it is who! bath- assumed thy character and, effected Bourbon's escape." '-'Surely, there is some mistake, my lord," began Sigismond ; but seeing the anxiety of Raimond's countenance, he hastened to assure; him of the perfect escape of tho princes, land, how they were now in a place of safety. This he did by medium of a long Latin peroration, accompanied by many genu: flections, which were in truth, tho natural ex- pression of his despair, and the woe he suffered! at being so irretrievably hindered from re-' turning in time, having been placed under / arrest himself by a posse of strange soldiers. Entreating Guise to wait his return, Sigismoiid hurried into Charles' presence to make inter cession/ for. the illustrious . captives ; : but the latter was in no humour to listen to remon strances for mercy. - He had just had some sharp words with his mother, and was in such< an irritated frame of mind, lie ordered Sigismond to be placed uuder arrest for interfering, and com manded the. Duke de la Font to. be led to immediate execution. , What needs it to harass the mind with the ; record of that night of : horrors, when the | prince and', power's- of darkness. had empire :and/ evil men worked their wicked will -.on that, noble .heart; of the. tortures- that, broke down thac . iron ..frame,... and. reduced',' that magnificent strength in the full /flush /of .its youth aud its manhood. "He was/ delivered over to the : mirey of -those who knew not what mercy wa3 andtsuffico it to say they killed him by inches. They drained; the life from his fearless heart, they quenched his noble spirit, they crushed his brave young life ; but after that there. was no- more that they could, do. Ho came off victorious to the last, and they had to own him victor. . His endurance: knew no . end,- his patience never faltered, and they failed to wring a groan, far less a word, from those faithful lips. He preserved his honour to the , last, and nobly he bore himself during that last fierce conflict. He drank, indeed, of the cup his. Master, drank of, and was . counted worthy of the baptism, that . He: was : baptised withal; and in the moments of delirious agony he' was not without his consolation, — of visions of a great and glorious Queen, crowned and robed in beams of: celestial light, /who hovered ever near, and beckoned him to come and take the starry crown ; sho : tendered. : : And towards tho last,- when' even the - very torturers: did pausefn awe at his great endurance ; and never-failing faith:aud patience, when life -. was ebbing fast and' ; consciousness of - earthly things becoming dim, as one seeing vaguely in a dream, ho had strange glimpses of a Divine ; though , thorn- crowned head, and heard a voice that , ever murmured nearer and ever nearer, " Be thou faithful 'unto death and I will give thee a crown of life." Thus ho too, ; fought, the good fight/and kept the faith, and won himself an everlasting crown and an heritage among the sons of light. APPENDIX. Aud this Henry, the, idolised son of .the great Queen of Navarre, was the same who, , selling his heavenly for an earthly .crown, east away, the voice of oonscienca with / the mot > " La belle France vant bienune mcsse." . Who afterwards married into tho Medic, and perished miserably by the knife of Ravaillac the assassin. Louis XIV., the great grandson of the Hugue not Queen, revoked the edict of Nantes, and in Louis XVI, was fulfilled the Queen's prophecy respecting the downfall of. her royal house through its hereditary crimes. " After the assassination of Coligny, his wife fled in a destitute condition from France and retired into Savoy, where, a few months after her widowhood, her daughter Beatrice was born. The, unfortunate Countess pleaded in vain for the restitution of her noble patrimony, which had been confiscated by Duke Emmanuel Philibert as the penalty for her refusal to bestow herself and it on one 'of her own countrymen, a nobleman in his suite. . Duke Emmanuel proved inexorable, and she was cast into prison under a charge of sorcery, -.-where she remained a close prisoner until the . accession of Henry to the French throne, when intercession was made for tho veuve de Coligny ; but before the King's representation could be of avail, Madame de Coligny died in her prison -after a life of unparalleled misfortune. ;—,' Freer s ' Life' of Jeanne d' Albert.' ' " ' 5 ' il ' The. Duke of' Guise met the fate 'he'; had' awarded others, being ' assassinated by -order 'of Catherine de Medici and her son Henry III. on the very threshold of the -King's' chamber ; and tho Cardinal of Lorraine, who had been one i of the most active and principal agents in the massacre of the ' Huguenots; /died in a state of raving madness a few months after the untimely death of his royal relative and master Charles IX. - the end. 