OK Monday evening, at G-eelong, Mr Berry delivered a long and exhaustive -speech upon the policy the ijiewi.Ministry intended to initiate and carry out. AB a very natural consequence, the finances of the colony occupied a prominent place in the Ministerial deliverance, which was listened to with marked attention, and, doubtless, the interest in the subject was intensified, owing to the gloomy and depressing picture which was given us by .Mr Service. It appears from the state-, meat of Mr Berry, that from 1878-9 there was a deficiency of £134,900. There were expended in the year special appropriations amounting to 1,392,972, and under votes of the House there has been expended £3,437,433, or a total expenditure of £4,806,715. There has been expended from votes to be recouped from a future loau £49,060. It also appears that there is still a sum of £79,396 estimated to be paid before the end of this month, and which, . under the new arrangement, will be charged to the year which eDded on tlie 30th June. All these payments are to be made, together with a sum of £200,000 a year which is charged to the land fund for the construction of railways. This latter is an amount, however, which comes to an end with the end of this year. Ol these payments together amount to £5.27S,000. On the other side of tbe ledger, the revenue collected was £4,554,737. Then from various sources a sum of £67,000 was receired, being principally debts due by other Governments. Tnis leaves a deficiency of £648,310. It must be confessed that these figures tell a tale that is far from reassuring, but the reason of the balance being oil the wrong side of the ledger is occasioned, apparently, by a falling off in llie Custom receipts of £238,059. A sum of £32,000 had to be refunded to those who had paid the laud taxes, aud who had been successful in. appeals. The nest and largest item iu tbe deficiency was in the territorial revenue which was £•275,202 less than was estimated, but, as Mr Berry remarked, if we have not got the. money,-we have the land. In tbe public works the deficiency was £47,959; IU ports and harbors £1,751; in the post and telegraph £13,0S6 ; and in the miscellaneous £4,524; making tbe total deficit as above stated. Mr Berry thea proceeded to remark, difficulties had to be encountered in this matter, and the only way by which they could be sBurmouuted ivas by a systematic retrenchment of the public expenditure from the salary of the Governor, downwards. Of course, some of the reductions iu the highest salaries could not be effected at once. It was intended to obtain a repeal of the Act increasing the number of •Supreme Court judges and tneir salaries. It was also the intention of the Ministry to reduce their own salaries to the extent of 20 per cent. Mr Berry concluded this portion of his speech by remarking that they intended to go into the estimates in every direction. We have advocated this reduction in the expenditure, and ive cannot see how the business of the country can go on unless it is carried into effect. It has been the cry of successive Ministries for years, upon their advent to office, and whatever their intentions may have been, we need not 6ay that they .have never been realised. The country is in no temper to stand any. further piling on of the agony in the shape of additional taxation, and, we believe that any Ministry proposing it, will go to the wall. We therefore think that the initiation of an equitable and systematic scheme of retrenchment throughout the public service, will do more in the way of rendering the present Government popular, and ensuring a long tenure of pGSce, than any other measure they could adopt with that object in view. -Tuesday evening another of the On vag given in the school- Silver Headings "hurch. The atroom of Saint Paul's v... ?.-"-ing of tendance was good, and the renu,.. • the several items upon the programme ® as as successful as any given at former enter- tainments of the same .kind.. The first piece was a pianoforte duet, " The Palermo Quadrille," by the Aliases Per-, kin ; followed by a reading from Long« fellow, "The Sicilian's Tale," by the Rev. J. E. Herring. Miss Bennett gave a eong, "The Blind Girl to her Harp," and Mr Driver recited Lord Byron's well-inown description of Waterloo, from Childe Harold. The Misses Kenou gave a duet" Christmas Chimes." duly followed by a cornet solo, consisting of selections from Sonambula by Mr Haig. Mr Start's reading," The Spider and the Bee" waa succeeded- by a song " Thy face" from MIB Williams, and then'came a, recitation •'The Twins" by Mr f.Ienkyn. I Misa Sands rendered a piano solo " The Vice Eegal Galop," and Mr Driver gave a reading " The King and the Locusts," which, ia its' turn, was followed by the song Of' "The Warrior . Bold" by Mi Chapman, and a spirited reading by the Rev, J. E. Herring "How 1 laxd a Ghost." Mr Armstrong succeeded with bis song) "An Englishman "am I," Jarid Miss '^EGBRO^HT J^PIU^^PJSIIO ^CLOGE neea." Tba various performers were greeted with frequent rounds o£ applause, and we are glad to Bay their efforts to jaomse and instruct were highly appreciated by the audience. A football match—Kynetou v. Rising Sun—will be played between the above clubs on the Kyneton ELace-course to-day, commencing at two o'clock sharp. The" following will represent Kyneton ;—Begg, Birkin, Biyue, Bennet,Buscombe, Carter, Cock, Flynn, Fowler, Herring, Harper (2), Headetick, Eobbie, Roberts, Eobinsou, Eeuon, Thomson Taylor and Snowden. On Thursday night there was a heary fall of BUOW at Woodend. . The Ironstone Hill Company, MaltaBbury, has liadano'.iier slice of luck in .the shpps of a yield of ]90 ounces, for jthe last sir days. The ladies of the Benevolent Society desire to acknowledge with thanks t'je sum of £1 is from Mr W. Glover, and of £1 Is from Sir H. D. M'Keuzie. 'We believe it is the inteution of. the present Government to reinstate tlio re - turning officers wlio were removed by the late Monistry. 