WAS ADAM A PERUVIAN? b Db. Kupots1 Falb, whoaa linguistic reHeuiohos in South America have already been noticed in this pupor, has lately aent to a Vienna paper a. Bummary of hia conclusions, lie suys tbac tho language spoken by tbe Indians in Peru und Bolivia, especially in Quioiuu and Aymura, exhibit the moat astounding affiuitiea with thu Semitio languages, and particularly with the Arabic — iu which touguo. Dr. E'dlb Following 'dp tho Jiued of thia discovery. Dr. Palb haB t'uund, iirat, ft connecting liu^ with the Aryau roots, und second, has arrived face to face with the Burjjriaing revolution that ' the Semitic roota uro univeraaily Aryan.' Tlie cjuimon a,tem3 of nil the yanauta are found in their purest condition in Quichuti aud Aymaru, from which tuct Dr. Falb derives tue oonuluaion that the high p.aiud oi Peru und Bolivia must be regarded as the jpoiut of exit of tho present human raoe. — Scientific American. A New Eemedx fok Scunvx. — A moat important discovery, and ono whioh Etseina likoly to prove of inestimable aervioe — par- ticularly to thoau engaged in Arctio explora tion — hia been made during P'rofouaor Norilunckjold's reoons Buooeaaful vayago in the Vega, in 'search of ihu Korth-eusc Paa aage. Among tho ailmenta to whioh eailora generally— unit those voyaging in the North Polar regions eapaoially— areaubjeot, none ia more dreaded thun acurvy ; and, hitherto, lime-juice and ourtuia okher anti-scoxbutica have alone been relied upon, to oombut it. Another oxaollent remedy haB, however, now boeu found by the naturalists who accom panied PiofeuBor NordontskjolJ, and this oouaiatB of a peouliar1 little berry, .pro duaed by a plant wiiiou ia anid to have a, brief existence amid the snow and ice dariiag the Short Aroiio auminur. Tho plant seo ma to yield - the berrioa in great abuudano e, tho j latter forming a fruit whioh is* in great re ' quust among boiuo of thu nutivea of the ooaats where it ia fouud; and, oxeopt thiat it ia lather more aoid, its-fiitvour.ia not unlike that of oar own raspberry. When UBed ou board tho Vega, tho Ouniea were prcipa-ted by first being dried, then preserved. in th'a milk of reindeur, and afterwurda iiilowed to freeze — in whioh condition they can bo Kept for a very considerable time. Aa a proof of .their eilioHoy, it id atatad that thosro vru.3 not a single oikHu of aourvy dniiog the enturu voyugo of tue Vega, though there wore neiuly thirty persons on board. To Koasi Wild Fowl.— ^Tho flavour ia boat preserved without Btulflng. Put popper, salt, and a pioco of butter into each. Wild fowl roquire muoh losa droaakig than tamo ; they ahould bo served of a iluo oolour, and und well i'rothod, up. A rioh, bro^vn gravy should bo aent in chia diah, and when the broast is out into sliooa boforo taking off. tho bono a squooze of lomon with popper and wiloia a groat improvomont to the flavour. To take oil tho flahy taste whioh wild fowl BomStimca have, put an onion, salt, and- hot water into tho arippuig pan, and baato tliom for tho flrot ton miuutea with this, and then tako away tho^pah and baato constantly with butter. ; ' :. '?:'. '.' ' , ..u.; ,'? 'Faotb aro. stubborn things,' 'said a barriator to afomalo witne'es undor oxnmina tion. ' Tea, Bir,' fiaid tho 'witnesa, 'and so uro women ; and if you got anything out of mo juat lot mo know it.' ' You'll bo pomuiittod for oontompt,' said the lawyorv 'Very well,' said the . witneaB, ' I shall ?Buffer justly, for I fool tha .utmost contempt for overy lawyer present.' ^ '.,^.^-^- amused, and gratified her spouie by an eloquent dig in his riba, and the remark, .?;? My dear, tyo shall havo some fun.' ; : And, indeed; it wag good fun' to bbBMTO Mr. Trumpa: as, ovidently taking upon himself tho . dignity of the position, he. patronised his gueBts. Withal ho did not lose aight of his object! Hero his cunning sustained ? him,' and so, when at last the supper -was oonoludad, and the ladies had retired, he took Mr, Lyona by the arm. Mr.: Trumps plainly proved tHat/however. dull he may have been of nature, he waa. fully alive to his views in relation to Deuia Devino. ?-. ;.. :;;-.':-. '- '?':?? .'? : '?? :,- 'r ' '\ i 'My dear sir,'/ said he, ' yotTnnd mo understand , oadh Other— tfon't wo f') ' I trustBo/'said Lyons, a amile'reating m his dark eyes. ' ' 'f Very well; then,' said Mr. Trumps, ' I want to havo a little talk with you concern ing this young fellow, Denis Define.' 'Vory good, Mr. Trumpa,' said the To eav fchnt-^oiW-iV srrouD of rock spooimcns, coiieptou witinnnraaiuB ot tnircy milos of tho gohTfioUt, and aoouratply plassificd by tho curator,' Mr. M. D. Hamilton. ' Tho -eTRSP§u8BouiraojJs -u granwo— iirom aeop in a gatno oi oneas. no iuiu uown nm axe and wuiched them; whereupon one of the old men utuided him what looked like a dato-atone, tailing him to put it in hia month. No sooner bud-he tttatod it than he ooaaed to feel hunger and thirst. By-aud-byo one oi the playera aaid, ' It ia long sinou you eame here; you should go home now.'' Wuog O-'iili wenti to take up hia axe, and found the handle had mouldered into dust. Undismayed, however, ho went home, but fouiid that centuries had paBaed since he wont out wood-outtiug. No vestige of hia kinBfolk had remained. The end of thia tale is certainly un-Europeanj for Wang Chih rotreata to a oell in the mountains, and devoting himself to religious exevcisea, fiuully attains immortality. Sometimes the miEchievous fairy is almost identified with ono o£ the monkey tribe. Thus a mat with a very pretty wife, trai ling near Chung-tih, was warned that hard by lived a ehfin who was given to woman stealing. He hid hia wife in an inner room j but in tho fourth watch of tlie second uisht nho was oairind off. Ho sought her high and low, his roinuntio and perilous adventure being described in The History of tho White ^Monkey, by Kuug T'aing. At hvat he cauiu to a atone door in the sace of a mountain. Some women, who wore pusaiug in and out, told him hia wifo wus there. . 'Get ua/' aaid they, 'ten dogB, two barrels of spirits, and a quantity of hempen rope, aud wo will try to deliver her for you. After ail those things had been provided, tho shfla came in, und drank the spirits and ale tliti doirs. and whiUx \\\n vri\\.a fffti'p'ftC und helpless the women bound him to tho bed. They Cillod in tho husband, who found that ho was anenormoua monkey. Ho straightway killed him, and set free, not his own wife only, but many other women who were hold in captivity. Talking1 of monkeys, we may remark that they, as well ua men, aro suppoaod to have ghosts. A man in Canton, named Ling', hud a yuan monkey in his family forty years. This Bpeoioo ia supposed to grow to a vory large size if it is allowed to drink plenty of water ; and aB Ling preferred a small monkey, Mb pot waa kept on short water allowance. . Ono day tho monkey snatched a cup out ot1 the hand of Ling's youngest son, and drained if off. Tho father gave him a good whipping, where upon the monkey aulked, refueod food, and died in a few days. Soon after, hia ghost begun to huiint the house ; atrange noises were heard, food unaccountably diaappoared, and at laat a fire broke out. T.intr -ni/nT.i/1 infr» another hmiRH. 'hnf. f-.hfl jhost moved too; and ut laat he waa eora polled to take refuga in the temple of the livo hundred worthieB. Here tho ghoat did not daro to follow him ; arid not many years ago the family might be seen housed in tho temple, everybody iu the quarter knew' for what reason. G-hosto whom uoboiiy owuSj-epirifcii of poor mtiu wUo h»d dieu at atraot oornero, and auuh lih«, are, not nnniitutnlly, mnlovolsnt. They oauau epiiiemios, aud have to bt- Uriv.'.a ofl by firing otuok-its ; or, if people /prefer* Appeasing them, they Bet out plates full uf Oilitfl, with iuvitatiouR to ' iho iion«.»ur;ibl'J nomeltiatt ghostu.' The ghoaiu of fluidities aro pm-tiuulnrly diffioulc to tie appealed ; their aolo uim in life (or rather iu tlcutb) ueums to bo to iniluoo ol.hora to do aa thfy have dune, K you sleep in tho room whore unyono hanged himself or horacll, you uro aura to roo'aive daring the ni|-ht a prosaing. iavisatiou tu oommic felo dt tc. At Httiig-uhow, by the north gate, waa a hoaao eo hauniud by ilemooB (bat it wna to ba had u bargain. A fiuholur named Ta'ui bought it, and eiuoo noiie of hia fumily ? ..I 1 ...^ niitli 111 in ivAnf. t'\ aliiun f liavn alone. Ha lighted a oundlo, and ktfrit watoh. At midnight u woman came slo\yly in with a rod silk, httndkerohiuf round her. nook, saluted him, tieil a routi to a beam, und pat her neok it» it. Ts'ai wato'hed her, but did not oUnnge a innBOle. She then fnatened np auotber .rope, Hod* invited him to pat hia 'huud in likewise. He laughed, nud, liftiug^up hi« foot, put that into the nooaa. 'Yon'ra wrong,'1 aaid she. 'No,' he replied; ' you were wrong years ago, or you!d never havo dono what you did.' The KhOHt gave an exaeeding bitter ory, bowed to TVni. and doDartod : and from that time the honeo was no more haunted. Ta'ai aftor ward rose to great distinction, as he de served to do, paBBing all hiaoxaniinationB,' and beoomiuK provincial oouuoillor. Ghosts -vro often introduoed into Ohineee plays, find in ont farca tho ghoat turns the tnbl«s oa hia would-ba axoroUb. Tho prleot. cornea in with big gong, robus, mitre, oto., bub the ghost catches hold oi the gong, und bentathe dtivU's tattoo ou it, ulapg the mitra on hia own head, scripB tho prlosb of hia robiii), ftuil vows ha' 11 oxoieiao hta ruvnreuuo. ' Oh, yuuf Esculleuoy,'' whioipors tha priaet, falling on hia kuon.ij, . ' had I known you'd realist been in the Iiouhh, I'd never have come n«.ir tbe place. ; I only curaa to try to ottrn a faw oasIu' The. ghqat, hownvor, exoroiaeo him without ineroy, iiad ho'has to deaamp minua hia purupherqalia. ,'-' GhoBta of godu aro. not uueoitimon, unJ are often highly servicoablo. A faw.yef.ra ago the followtug waa «rRVely related in thY Pekin Qaxettt: 'When thcr.MounmmodaDu wero .besieging Ohaugwii, they suddenly halted and ran &w;»yt- Tho fact was, they had approaohid tho teinplo of Ta-pi-peh (tfod of tho plauefc Venui)i and thara they Bftw no awful vision ': goda in golden mah, numsrouo ua forest troi!M,.uiid armed with »word aud ahiuld, worn, drawn up In battle array, fllong tho city wall, aud red hmpa innumerable' lightod ih«m up. Tha enemies' huarta failed thouij »uil a midileu liisohugti of u^nnon (-ut them to flight.' - ' . , Hero is anothor chiss of (superstition, which reminds us of.. some woird German and Solav legends about building a. living man. or woman into a bridgo ortowor, whioh could on. no. othes condition bo oomploted. . 'When the boli-iowor of PekiH.w'aa built,,' anya Mr. Stont.^ina papoif on ChindBe legends, 'tho Emperor Yung4o- df;tho ' Ming dynasty, ordered a great 'mandarin, naniqd :Kuan-yu, to, cast a bell big enough for suoh a' noblo build ing. Time after timo Kuan-yu and tjhe olerere; f- workmon in the country tried; to 