AN ARCADIAN REVENGE. By James Payn. I 4 " Dkpbkd npoi it, my dear sir, there is a system of compensation : I, for example, occupy a position in the eountry beyond my talents, while yea possess talents that are considerably abots what is neesssary— ahem —to a nerson of <4our condition of life." This amezing qpeeeh was addressed to me confidentially, 'in the smoking-room ef enr common clnb oq anight, by Mr. Dorno way- Dicks, after we had dined together for the first time. It wi late In August ; tbe club was empty, and T had invited him to join tables,, though I knsw him to be an ats, rather than dine/alone. The bad man may ; ako a solitary riejil without moral damage, and even to; the public advantage, since the oustom is nnwhoksoirie, and tends to shorten . life ; but to tbe good man it is harmful. His thoughts, constait as the needle to the pole to what is porp and good,, are naturally attracted to hipself, and his benevolent icqddi, nu ciwieni moraves, bib vaois blameless careerj pass in review before bis eyes, and he become self -conscious and self- complacent. Rather than run the risk of this, having ordered my own modest repast, I looked np at Dornoway-Dicke, who, with his glass painfally fixed in hia eye, waa "scanning the same " limited darte" for the dayr in doubt (as I guessed) about the French dishes, and observed, "Shall we dinn to gether?" and he had replied, courteously, " Charmed, I am sure." As a matter of fact, Mr. Dornoway.Dicke was a man not easy lo charm ; it was not in Genius (though np to that date I dori't tbink it bad ever tried it) to do so ; and I believe even Beauty herself would have failed in tbe attempt, unless she had had .a title to back her. ' Mr. Dieke's weakness was for a lord — a very common one, of course, but in Ms case unusually pronounced.. £>His conversation : was studded with . titles aB the firmament is with stars ; and he was in respeet to them what Mr. Carlyle, in relation to spiritual things, calls "terribly at ease in Zion"; that -is, he was shockingly familiar with earls and viscounts, while as to baronets, he wonld refer to them by tLeir Christian names. To say that hia views upon all matters were commonplace would have been flattering to his intelligence ; they were conventional to sublimity. " Ghost stories ere absurd," argues Cole ridge, " because, though men tell ns they have had such an experience, if a man did really ever see what he actually believed to be a ghost, idiotcy wonld at once super vene but I firmly believe that .Dornowiay- Dicke would have seen a ghost without the least injury to his intellectual powers ; not beo&nse; he was e lready an idiot, but (inde pendently of tiiat because so unconventional a snbjeet as the supernatural bad never entered his mind. . If the ghost bad a title, then, indeed, an impression might have been made, bnt it wonld have been produced by bis temporal, not Ms spiritual, lordship. In' all matters wMch exercise tbe human mind, from theology to American bowls, be took not thefaintest interest ; but I had been informed — and warned— that upon the subject of thtf dignity and position of the Dornoway-Dioke family he could and would be very diffuse if you were not careful. ' He was a man, in short, to nod to, bat not to speak with, unless the. means of escape were nanay.. - StiU,- late-irt-ABgu6t, &t; a Xtondor, dab, one cannot afford to be particular, and having snch strong moral reasons far not dining alone, I had to dine with Dornoway-Didke. There was one circumstance, however, that really did attract me towards this gentleman, and made me wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much-debated question in the club whether he wore a wig or not, and I wanted to solve it. If he did do so (for even after dining with him I was not sure), they were the best wigs that ever wefee. I say wigs, because he must have, had lots, of them, for his hair was. sometimes short and. sometimes long, and sometimes just as it ought to be in the case of a fasMonable yonng gentleman of fifty-four. For there was tMs disadvantage about the distinguished position of the Dornoway-Dicke family, that, being in the peerage — though it must be confessed in a very remote and "presumptive" fashion — the man's age was known to a nicety. There was then this point (as to his wig) to be cleared up, wMch promised me some little excitement, and I was also curious to know whether he talked of " the Land" as though it were alive, wMch I was assured he did. My information upon this point, as it turned out, w&s; correct. The one Bupreme effort of originality wMch Mr. Dornoway- Dicke had made was to per sonify the landed interest in this peculiar fashion. "What the Land wants, sir, he would observe, very slowly and majestically (so that you had plenty of time to suggest to yourself " top- dressing," "coprolites," and what not) — "what the Land wants, sir" (he always repeated this' charming phrase), "is fair play." "The Land" wanted "so many things in the course -of our conversation at dinner that I had begun to think it some what exacting, and indeed to gtt a little impatient of Mr. Dornoway- Dicke Mmself. But I sm never, or at least h&rdiy; ever, dis courteous, and though bored to extremity, like a wooden ship, exposed to the action of the Teredo navalis, I endured it as thongh I had been made of iron. I had asked, the man to dinner, and in one sense had certainly paid for it, so felt constrained by tbe duties of hospitality to be civil till the meal was over. When it waB finished, and we repaired to the smoking-room, I had no such scrapie. " The Tine," says the clssBie author, " is the Evoker of Truth," and this is even still more the case with the Cigar. Imagine, then, my indignation at that amazing remark of my companion.. .."I, for. example, oocupy a position in the country beyond my talents, wbile you possess talents that are considerably above what is negessary — ahem — to a person of your conditioicin life." » " Pray," said 'I, " Mr. Dornoway-Dicke, confine yohr observations to yourself, as you generally do. As to your talents, I have no reason to doubt your own modest estimation of them, but as to your position in the country, I was =not aware that you bad any." I hope this was not rnde. I spoke in the gentlest tones of which the human voice— r or at all events my voice — is "Capable, and in a manner that waa certainly winning, for I felt that I bad scored. To my astonishment, Mr. Dorsoway-Dicke remained quite un ruffled ; he carefully removed the ash from the end of hs cigar with his signet-ring, and answered; quietly, almost humbly, " Yon quite mistake me. I said my position in the country, of which, as yon tail me, yon know nothing. Yon are not, then, familiar with fHangelwurzelsbtre ?" " I was certainly not. I had heard of it, of course, but I felt myself' foitunate in not having to spell it. "Ahf I thought so," he continued, blandly.' You should come down to Dorno' way Court and see me at home. Then you would understand why I don't oltensr . visit London. Id town I am, comparatively peaking, nobody, but in Mangelwurzelehire — What do you aay, now, to running down to ub (or tbe first week in September ?" Five minutes before I should have said « No " without the slightest hesitation ; but the outrageous vanity of the sun's manner tickled mo to the core. I felt curious to see those natives ef Hasgelwuizslshire to whom Mr. Dernoway-Dicko appeared to be a person of importance, and, moreover, I had net yet discovered whether he wore a wig or not. "The worst part of a- wig," cays the old riddle, " as of love, is thej>rting;" feat Mr. Dornoway-Dieke'a parting was perfect, and so delicate that one wonld have almest. said it had been effected by a female hand. Among the simpler inhabitants of Aresdia he might take lees extreme precautions ' te deceive the public ; and he eertaialy wonld not get his hair cut, if cut it ever was', so often. "I will. come, te Dornoway Court with1 pleasure," I arid ; and on the appointed day l went. : ;; Important as my host's position in the country may be, it is not my : intention to describe . n."M; Doinewey-Dicke at hems," as thongh ho ware a public character. Suffice it to say that He was easier at bosh cuaa abroad (er at least, in London); and aa his family were pleasant people, and his house, fall of cheorful company, I did not regret my visit. The " Court," an ho loved to call it, was, however, no peculiar that I must say a few words about it. It was tbn only edifce with which I am acquainted which gratified- one'n sense ef humoar. It was quite spick- and-span aa respects newness, hat built and. furnished in the medhsval style. A gravel- drive, rolled te perfection, led up to a frowning entrance, with a huge ashen portal, ia whioh waa inserted a little hole barred with iron for purposes .of espial. 1 Through this the porter was supposed, (though he never did it) to take cognisance of the ap proaching visitor, and, if peaceful, to nnbar the massive bolts of tbe great door to let him in. Everything in the bouse was apparently of the same epoch, but in reality about three years old. In the dining-room was a fireplace as big as an ordinary parlour, and before which one would not have been surprised to see a pair of trunk-hose airing, or a couple of jack-boots. The sideboard, to the modern and inartistic eye, resembled a kitchen dresser ; while in tbe morniag-room was a spinning-wheel with tbe flax in it, as though the thrifty housewife had just keen called awfey from that occupation to superin tend the eonatruction of a ' venison pasty, or to issue orders for tbe entertainment of tbe company invited to the morrow's tournament. Those ridiculous objects, as I soon dis covered, were designed to persuade tbe public that the Dornoway-Diokes themsplves were medieval, and had resided at the' " Court" for the last six hundred years. '.Whereas, as a matter of fact, they were new-comers. In the country, even though you are diBta tly connected with the peerage, tMs is a serious obstacle to "position," and the whole of my hoist's gigantic intellect was concentrated on attaining it. He had bean " called upon" at once by every one in the county within a circuit of twenty-five miles, except One. I write it reverentially with a capital O, for it was "The Duke." I am not of conrsa speaking of the late Duke of Wellington ; in Mangel wizrzelehire, as in every other county, the Duke was the duke who lived there— bis Grace of Turniptops. This divinity was still a young man, unmarried, and hot much given to call on anybody ; and few three long years all the efforta of the Dornoway-Dickes had been unavailing to induce him to honour the " Court" with his august presence. ' Two months ago, boweyer, he had sent his card, by a mounted messenger, and ..one month ego — oh, joy of joysl— :he .haii accepted an invitation to a garden party at the. houBe for one of the very days on which; I was to remain its guest. It was just after this gracious promise had been given that Mr. Dornoway-Dicke had made his appearance at the oinb, to make arrange- meniB with Gunter ; and new that I knew the" circumstances, I was not only not surprised at the magnificence of his deportment on that occasion, bnt astonished that he shonld have been so affable ae he wae. My private impression is that he asked me down to Dornoway Court not so much from personal affection as to seenre on additional witness to his social triumph ; but that is neither here nor there. The Dnke was coming, and the. lamiiy were in a state of. excitement rare, I should hope, in Hauwell, and not habitually exhibited even at Broadmoor. ' . The great subject of discussion among them for weeks had been,' who was to be invited to meet tbe Dnke? and it was not exhausted yet. Everybody— who was any body — had been asked except the Titbats; and the knotty point that ' could not be settled was whether these people should be aeked or not. Captain and Mrs; Titbat were their . immediate neighbours ; . their lawn- tennis grounds were, in fact, oontignons, and the two families, though not absolutely on a friendly footing, were well known to one another. Young Titfcat, when a" player was wanting, had sometimes even been invited to make up the party at their favorite amusement ; and when the balls went over the wire fence that separated the two domains, the juvenile Titbats did not pretend' (as some yonng people' wonld) that they were lost, but would honestly chuck them back again. Still, the Titbats were not among the County Families, nor anything iiae it. Their efforts — tar more desperate than those of the Doruoway-Dickes — had miserably and ntterly failed in that direction. It was not bo much that their mansion: was too small to be reokoned as a country house, that their pqddoek could not by eny strain of Gonrtssy be called a park, or that their orna-r mental lake was an undeniable pond. There was something amies — I never could find oat what — abont Mrs. Titbat. She was a woman— I one beheld her, ana under circumstances I can never forget— of large proportions and hirsute aspect (indeed, she had, a very respectable beard) ; her complexion was rubicund, and to the un charitable might seem to indicate tbat she indulged in liquor, though I never hterd that she did ao. Whatever waa wrong witk her had happened so long ago that it would have been much better and hinder of her fellow-creatures -to have forgotten. it. But the fact remained tb>t Mrs. Titbat waa net " visited," nor would the Darnoway-Dxkes have dreamed of asking her to their garden p&rty; except for that contiguity, to which I have referred, of their lawn-tennis grounds. The Dnke, it was known, was devoted to the game; and the two gramd could be thrown into one, it was felt by all the family that it would have been an immanae improvement. This could scarcely be done, however, without . asking Mra. Titbat'a permission, and also the pleasure of her company ; and upon this whole it wai judged best to leave matters as they were. The wire fencing between the two lawns was eo very slight that they really. looked to be one ud the same, land as there was plenty of ground for Ike Dnke to play upon, he would probably never discover that both the lawns did not belong to Dornoway Court. In the course of the intimacy that existed between the junior members of the two families, the young Dornoway-Diokes, with a frankness eharacteiistie of their age, had told t-be yonng Titbats that the Duke was camiug on Friday to'play lawn tannis, bu that none but tip-top (riot Titbat) people "ware _tb be asked to . meet him ; nor- was even this the worst, for it had certainly bem hinted by elder members ef the family, in view of tbe suggested amalgamation of the tennis grounds, that .snch good neighbours as Captain and Mra. Titbat wauld certainly bs included in tbe invitation list. To explain ! what follows I must add that hbfi. Titb&i; herself was firmly persuaded that she would . / ' ; - bs among the guests, aud was transported with the idea of it ; i« M"3 asked '«to meet the Duke of Turniptops" (si was eteted n the cards) was in Mangdwuruelsbire tike being presented at court, and at once both whitewashed and gilds? the invited. One hag heard of tha iro of tha tipni wbob tofebed of her youqg, but what is that when compared with the elate of mind of a lady of blemished reputation, who had persuaded herself that it wiH he rehabilitated, and thaA. in the most splendid ..fashion, and thou suddenly finds that she has been given the cold shoulder? Mrs. Titbat had actually ordered a. dress from London in wMch to 1 appear h«f era his. Graoa nf Turniptopsand the sight -of. it, as it hung useless .in- bar wardrobe, envenomed her whole being, - thengh she bad worn it, and it had beefi'ffle garment ef Nessus. 'Jr.. She clutched the skirts of Hope, tonne, very last, but when Friday morning arrived, and no invitation had .come, it fled from ; her soul, and was replaced by the 'desire for vengeance. It tbe Dornoway-Dickos could bnt have known, what waa passing in tbat injured lady's mind, they might have been reminded of those warningtimes . ".Lest when our latest hops is'fled, ye taste of osr despair, And learn by proof income wild, hoar how mash". the" wretched dare," or even if tbat quotation had not' occurred to them, I am quite sure they would have aeked her to their garden party even at that eleventh hour. The gueits arrived, and in due course — —that ia to say. exceedingly late-Mihe Duke. The meeting of . bis Grace audhay . host and hostess was positively affecting. - I thought Mr. Dornoway-Dicke would never leave off shaking, his hand; and that Ms wife would feave kisied it. "However, he got away at lost to luncheon. About two hundred people sat down to it, a select twenty ou medieval chairs, and the rest on muck mere comfortable but common ones. A dozen of tbe last had been borrowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her . . mistress's knowledge, from the Titbits. The host enjoyed himself as most people do under similar circumstances; that is. to eay, he was intensely miserable and anxious but bucyed up by the thought that it would all be ever presently, and he would have "Ma friend tbe Duke of Turniptops" to talk about for "the rest of his natural life. After luncheon we all repaired to the lawn- tennis ground. . . " a capital lawn you hfcTC I obier?id the Duke, " and what & good plan that'- is of dividing your grotand !" . . He was referring, of course, to the iron fencing. , " It was a plan of nay wife's," Mtservea Mr. Dornoway-Dicke ; lor, ,as ike otHer lawn was vacant, there was really, no seed to intimate tbat it belonged, to somebody else. A gilt youth of the county mid one of ite - gilt yeuog ladies were selected for .orie sffle,- .and-bis Grace and Miss Domowey-Dicke for the other. Thereat of the company stood round in attitudes of respectful admiration. They were just about to begin when tbe puke observed, " Hullo ! what the denes is- this ?' The exclamation wae caused by the appear- anceof Mrs. Titbat, splendidly attired, and . followed by all her maid-servants; -some- ot them carried baskets of linen, and others , lines and olothes-props. In the course of a few minntss the whole ef the; Titbat family linen wae hanging on the lino ; soma ofj thd . aiiiotevrVrsre very prcncutfctd in -'shaps, ana- b became much more so when inflated by the. breeze, whioh aleo (as thty were, purpagely hung close to the wire fencing) carried, therr graceful folds right over the Duks'n titaA (' ' The game was begun, but presently kn immense petticoat broke loose, -and .after- eddying doubtfully for a few momenta, settled upon the Duke himself, whocmeigea from it with difficulty, and with a frig , tf ul execration. He threw dewn his racket. and Eaid something I conia noc caicu , indeed, I fl«d into a neighbouring arbour , and gave myself up to cuch paroxysms of mirth as almost threatened me with die- solution. - I was consoions of great excitement among the company without, heard .what sounded like the hurried departbre of some ' of them, but I was positively ineapable of ascertaining what was going on. The vision of all Mangelwurzelshire'a noblest as they stood around that fatal place, and pretended to ignore the faot that the very firmament , waa darkened above them by the Titbat family linen; " and then the spectacle of .that petticoat de scending upon Ms Grace's brow, and if. - Mmselt emerging from it, waa always too much for mo- I eat in the arbour nnd fairly, wept. . Presently, after several ... severe relapses, I became eonseions of a oempanion. Beside me eat a little nun, bald as a knob on the centre of a front door; and swearing softly, and aa it were thought fully, te himself. . It was only by his voioe that I recognised Mr. Dernoway-Dioke. "My dear Dicko," I murmured, for I felt it necessary to say something, 'w;by are you here ? why are you. not epbertain- ing" — -I did not ventnre to mention the Duke — "your guests?" . "He's gone, ' he 'eaid. " It wis ' plasri; 4S was only thinking of one of them. " It was all on account of .thgb Titbat. It's her own pettiooat ; it' a marioed with an M and a T." \ " ; .. . > . . . ; I nodded, and held out my haindhi though to entreat Mm to spare hiinself 'the . recital of the catastrophe. I felt ready to expire. "But arq all the riot qf thepqCple V gone P" I murmured; > ; . " "What do I care? Yes. No. -What a- ,-V , terrible day." " " But, my dear.Dicke,":! said, beginning \ sincerely to pity him, jf'wiil never .do for you to stop here;" yonffiust not desert your r> . friends." \ -' .. ... "No, that's "true, "he answered, rising . feebly and moving towards the house. J " But you have forgotten something." - "Havel? What? Oh yee. my #ig:" \ , It lay on the floor of the arbour where he had flung it in Ms frenzy. . He -stooped and put it on ! mechanically -and,Jiind before. This I vestured to remedy, and he thanked me in feeling tones. "Do you think he will ever oome again ?" he whispered, eagerly. "He was very angry. He thought they were our own clothes hung -out to dry. X showed -him the' M. and the T. But he would pay no attention. It is a dreadful blow." J -k. t And it really hurt poor Dorneway-Dieke exceedingly. Re had not risen the next morning when I come np to town, and all the family were very much oppressed, aa thongh thore had been a death, in tin house. He has been to the elnb once sinee, in a more bedutifal wig than ever, but of course it -can never deceive ms. I asked, "How are all at home ?" : "Pretty well, I thank yon," ihe said; " that is, as well aa can be expected. He has never been near theplaqe sih.ee/' t Of course T knew that: by 'the personal pronoon he nieant hhja Dqke." ; . - , 