Hell and the Devil.'' a lfCTURE benring the above title was delivered on Monday at the Masonic I all by Rabbi Davis, in aid of the funds nf the Jewish Home. There were about 250 persons present. At the outset the lecturer said it would be expected of him to give a descripton of the home of his hero, nnd lie would nt once let them into the secret that it was a matter of fiction lie had to deal with. Me regretted he could not give the description he had referred to, but he hoped his lecture, as a literary effort, would not be a failure because of his failure in describing such minute detnils as Dante had done of the house of Tophet. It would be first neces sary to tell them whence the word " Hell " was derived, and how it came to have its present application. According to the oldest writers, the term had been variously rendered as " hhiole," " Topliut, " " Corrup tion," " The Horrible I'it," " l'iie valley of the Shadow of Death," "the nethermost parts of the earth," The mode, 11 word Hell was derived from hellan or lielan, a Saxon word signifying to hide, or from hole, a cavern in the earth, but it was evi dent thnt the real meaning of the word was the grave. He went on to refer to various biblical passages referring to the subject of Hell, and showing that there were three entrances to Hell, namely, fire, water, and the confusion of souls. The depth of Hell, according to one authority, was loo miles ; while it was 300 miles in 'vidlli and 100 miles in length; while 1 1 - r authority stated its length to he re; fav e.s a man could travel in 300 years. A Mahommc- dan legend pictured the infernal regions as being filled with serpents, venomous rep tiles, and great flames of fire, and other terrible objects for the torture of sinners, and it also recognised an intermediate state analogous to what was now known as pur gatory. There was no doubt that many such legends must have filled the mind of Wilton when he wrote his wonderful works. The celebrated dreamer Swedenborg told us that all the gates of hell were closed towards the earth and care fully guarded, so as to prevent anyone getting out, whether by written or by verbal permit he did not know. After referring to the various theories regarding 'the infernal regions, he remarked that it was strange that the zealots who had de- picted the most horrible hell, were those belonging to the Roman Catholic Church. Swedenborg did not, however, stand alone in the hideous description of the place of ipunishment for erring souls. The vener- -able Bede, a Saxon preacher of great power 'had given in one of his homilies a descrip tion of what St. Paul was said to have seen -ofhell, in which, accordingto that account there were exactly 142,000 different classes of torture. This was a pleasant .prospect '-for us mortals who were prone to do evil "from their youth, but their common sense "would tell them how to deal with such -fig-, ments. He went on to refer to the -vision of Albrico, which appeared to have sug- ; gested the foundation of Dante's ""-Inferno," 'and about the -same "-time occurred the dream of Charlesthe 'Bold, who dreamed he- was borne through the air and shown the ' bishops and 'lords who 'had 'lived in his ' father's time, and had fomented discord; instead of peace, suffering Tartarian tor- \- ments. Having recited the legend, the : lecturer proceeded 'to argue -that it ap- ( peared to have been the custom of the ' fathers of the Church in the Middle Ages to construct a hell on the plan of their own " Imaginations, but the fallacies of such ideas \- had long been acknowledged by all in telligent minds. He described the extrava- "gantideasofhcll, itsdimensionsand bounda ries, that were put forth by various authors- who had written of wild chimeras of limbo,- hell and purgatory. He then went on to consider the character of the prime ruler of; T'he dismal domain which he had described. That individual had been known by a number of names, such as the " Devil " 'the " Serpent" '" Lucifer" " Beefecbub,"- The'Demon," " The Prince of Darkness,"; " the Great Dragon," "The Satyr," andL " The Arch Enemy of Mankind." It was probable tliat the early Christians borrowed the pictures of the Devil from the heathen god Pan, whose appearance was that of a he-goat. He analysed the derivation of the word " Satan, " which in the Hebrew, might be taken to mean a suggestion of evil thoughts and a tempter, and quoted from the first chapters of Job to show that' such was the case, marikind tempted through the power of their own imagination ruled by some unseen influence. He also quoted from Captain Bnrnaby's work on Asia and Layard's book on Nineveh, to show the terrors exercised by the mere mention of the name of Satan amongst the tribes of the East. He blamed the ministers of the Church of Scotland in times pasted for having excited and in fluenced the people's imaginations by their pictures of the Devil and his influence, and described the hallucination of John Bunyan, who, at an early period of his life, imagined he had offended the Holy Ghost, and that he was possessed of a demon. The various shapes which Satan was said to assume when visiting the earth, were humorously touched on. He was not to say what was the prevalant feeling now in Scotland, but he could say that the wide-spreading intelligence was crashing out the superstition oi a personal devil and the tortures of Hell. No one could doubt there were some unknown punishments fixed on by God, but their knowledge of God's justice forbade the conclusion that the punishment would be perpetual, or of the kind described. The mysteries could only be fathomed when we -cast oS the mortal coil, and went hence. There was nothing in the Old Testament to justify the idea of such a IIcll, such as' he had described, and there was nothing to | justify the acceptance of9iich assumptions — especially when it was considered that there were millions of people on the earth, who from their infancy had not had the opportunity of embracing a moral, social or religious life. Was it reasonable to , suppose that such persons should be j tortured for ever withouthope of mitigation, ; and yet such false doctrines were taught by living men, and amongst others by the Rev. C. Spurgeon. He concluded 1 by expressing his disbelief in the doctrine put forth in respect to future punishment. | Sydney Tki.F.GRAIml j 