VISIBLE BONDS OE CATHOLIC UNION. A visible union of all chnrches constituted under one form of ecclesiastical govern ment j, each church being in open and. brotherly communion with the other, and none being distracted by schism, presents us with a picture of Catholic Christendom, too beautiful and ideal for any praotical realisation on this side of the millennium. Granting, for the sake of argument, that such may be the true ideal of our holy religion, the ultimate aim and hope of every thoughtful and large-hearted believer, no one can read the history of the Christian Church without being painfully convinced that it has never yet existed. Not only in the days of the apostles themselves were there schisms and separations, but, guided by the light of prophecy, these men were the first to proclaim similar, nay, worse troubles, for the church of the future. Nor were they wrong. "Who can recount the numberless heresies, schisms, excom munications and disturbances which have marked the : progress of ecclesiastical history! "Who can even fairly grasp in his mind all the divisions of opinion and practice which distract and disfigure Christendom ? They are so many and grievous, that multitudes of earnest, loving hearts are sighing and praying for the speedy manifestation of greater visible union. It is well. The nope is both refreshing and beautiful. Yet, meanwhile, have we not some forms of it which are more within our reach, and whieh are -none the less precious because practicable ? Wo speak not now of any visible union between churches in their corporate character ; for that, un der the ; present state of things, is hopeless. Remember ing, however, that within those churches, notwithstanding some of them may be very corrupted, there is an aggregate Of faithful individual believers who are mystically, one body in Christ ; we speak rather of visible union among these. lit is sometimes urged as an argument against the doctrine of Catholic unity that it makes the realisation of the Catholic Church too impalpable and invisible, and that it does not satisfy . the. conditions' required of it' by the terms of our Lord's prayer , in John xvii. But is this; true ? Let :us briefly inquire. In they?rsi place, have we not a visible bond of Catholic union in the acknowledg ment of one Divine Revelation 1 ' That thousands; and tens of thousands' belong ing to .the Episcopalian, Presbyterian j Lutheran, Wesleyan, and other bodies should be practically one in "the printing and circulation of the same Scriptures, is a proof of living union far too clear to be contradicted, a union the visibility of which is embodied in that magnificent building ofthe British and' Foreign Bible Society, which lias been .erected in Black- . friars. What bond of union deserves to be called Cathplic if;this; be: .not, when it , brings , together so .many different sections of the Church of God. in all parts of the world, and makes . them every where one in thought and action ? It may , suit the . spirit of an unbelieving world to magnify our other diversities, and urge' them as an argument against Christian unity ; but surely this concentration of loving homage to the Scriptures is beyond the power of criticism j it is plainly and palpably visible. In the second place, have we. not a visible bond of Catholic union in our exercise of one holy vocation 1 All be lievers who are baptized into the name, of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, stand solemnly pledged by their professions to one lino of universal duty. Whatever their race or colour, whatever their age or sex, whatever their ecclesiastical govern ment or status, they are knit together in one holy vocation;, sto fight against sin, to confess Christ before the worlds and to promote the kingdom of-God. 'Nor is -this vocation hidden, impalpable; invisible. They : may figh t in this holy warfare, like soldiers, in different ranks and uniforms ; but, disciplined by the same graco, and led by the same: Spirit,, they constitute-' one ' visible army, united s under the'- same banner and Captain. . In reference : to kindred though subordinate matters, they -may - .be called by various : titles, and drilled into diverse forms of. discipline'; .nevertheless so far as the aim and purpose of each is to destroy, sin, to confess Christ, and bring in souls to the kingdom of God, they are definitely and visibly one. Take ;an illustration. Are not the different corps of the army, palpably and visibly one, notwithstanding that many essential elements of unity may otherwise be lacking among them, simply because they fight against one common , foe, and in defenoe of one common land l In like manner, when members of different visible bodies of Chtistian3 unite on the same great battle-field of the world in order to wage war against sin and Satan, in the name of their common Lord and Saviour ; when (as in the case of the Religious Tract Society, or the London City Mission,) in spite of many subordinate differences, they become linked by higher bonds through the; power of one holy vocation, does not this common impulse transcend all sub tidiary divisions, and render this union both real and visible 1 The subject is far too large for any .attempt at an elaborate or exhaustive treatment within these columns ; otherwise we might go on to enquire whether wo -have not also another visible bond of Catholic union in the Friendship of .Christian love. "We know that we have passed from death unto life," saith St.. John, "because we love the brethren." .(1 -John iff. 14). When true believers of different nations and churches, in the exercise of fraternal intercourse, find their hearts burning with mutual love toward the Lord Jesus, and that love causes them to have feelings of mutual sympathy and attraction toward one another, what is this but an element of the grandest Catholic union 1 "Yes," you may reply, ".but it is not visible to the world." We answer that it is visible, whenever it is brought before the world iri a way which is sufficiently definite to be observed. Witness the gatherings of British and Foreign Christians representatives of every evangelical church throughout the world, which, under the organized action of the Evangelical Alliance, have met from .time to time in such cities as Berlin, Geneva, and Amsterdam ; gather ings in which united devotions and fraternal conferences have been held, and where, simply on the basis of holy faith and love, numbers of every nation and kindred and tongue have been held together without a murmur of discord. Let thoughts like these, then, suffice us. If We. cannot get a visible corporate union of the whole of Christendom, because of superstition in one place and unbelief iri another— because of arrogant despotism in one communion, and of erratic wilfulness in another—let us at least rejoice in thes8 illustrations; of visible corporate union among individual believers. The time is most probably coming when such illustrations will - acquire fresh force arid vigour, resulting from the increased opposition of our; common foes— a. time when all those who love the Lord and the truth of His Gospel in sincerity, will have to cast away their bigotry and intolerance,' and become more visibly united on great Catholic principles. . There are,, signs around us of increasing, conflict, with infidelity as well as of superstition. rlTnion is therefore the more necessary,; and . wo have but . now seen again the annual gatherlng of meri who unite, without ; a : whisper off sect, Under the grand old Orange baririer. 