Mit. J. M. PURVES'S MEBTINO. As announced by ndvortisoinent, Mr. J. M. Purv addressed n meeting of tho electors nt tho School Arts on Wudnusdny evening. Tho hall wns (inch full ; tho side room was also occupied, and a lar numbor stood outside ut tho platform door, whore t speakers could bo heard. There must have been least GUO to 700 in and around tho hall. Mr J. H. Muxuo moved, and Mr L. JACOIIS s condell, that Mr George Knott toko tho chair. Tho CHAIRMAN* said this meeting was not conven, as a meeting of thc friends and supporters of J Purves, but as a publie meeting of tho electors of tl Clarence, ile had no doubt that Mr I'urves wou receivo a fair and impartial hearing. Tho occasion Mr Turves's coming forward was tho resignation Mr Bawden, their lato member. Mo (tho Chairma remembered tho occasion when Mr Bawden was iir elected-over 10 years ago-to Parliament ; ho tin came forward on thc requisition of a largo number tlie olectors. At tho expiration of that I'arliiunci he was again requested to stand, and did so, althone ho said at tho timo ho could not give his whole tin to tho duties. It would bo understood he was mero' mentioning theso mnttors in defouco of MrBawdei When thal Parliament again expired, Mr Bawden r ceived another requisition to agaiu oller himself. 1 (the Chairman), with many others, refused to sit that requisition, bocauso ho thought Mr Bawden hu already sacrificed too much of Ins timo and basilic; for tho electorate, Mr Bawden was again olectei after a sharp contest ; and tho reason of Mr Bawih coming forward at that timo was because ho did ni wish the clcotorato to bo represented by a Bichmon man. Circumstances have now called upon Mr Bav den to resign his soat. Ho would Bay nothing moi upon that head, save that ho was suro Mr Bawdc had the sympathy of tho wholo of tho olectors. (Ai pro val.) They had on tho present occasion six cami dates to choose from. (Mr Attwater: Sovon.) ll only knew of six, and Mr Attwator could toll thci who the seventh was. Tho real struggle is nowngai between tho Clarence nnd tho Richmond. Ho held Richmond paper in his hand, an articlo in which li attention had boon directed tn that day. He wishc to direct their especial attention to tho coiioluilin portion of that articlo, which ran thus :-" We trio that the large numbor of candidates likely to com forward will only mako Mr D'uwcott's supportors tb more energetic, and determined to try and secure bi return. 'Union is strongth,' and lot us provo it. There wero Mr Fawcett, Mr Thomas Pago, Mr S. G Davison, Mr Hurliby, Mr See, and Mr Purvos. M I'urves ramo to ask them tn unite for him if thoy cor sidered ho was a (It person tn represent them ; and h could say this for Mr Purvos, if tho electors though with him that only ono man should be pitted agaius the Richmond man, and they thought Mr Purves wa not thc most suitable candidato in the field, then M Purves would graciously rotiro, and leave tho Heh clear so far as ho was concerned, (Applause.) M Purves has not como hero to-night with any cut-and driod resolutions, and personally ho was opposod t these under such circumstances as thoy wore nov met, but fairly to state his views and opinions upm the questions of the day and as affecting tho elector ate, and thou leave tho decision of what action simule be taken with the meeting. Ho would now briefl allude to tho various candidates in tho field as au uoiinuod. First, there was Mr Fawcett. Well, lu could say of Mr Fawcett, although a personal frioiu of many years' standing, and ono who ho esteemed ai \- a friend, that under no other circumstances than tba of a Richmond mau could ho voto for him. Ho is i mau past tho primo of lifo, and has not now tin ouorgies-and it is not his fault that ho does not pos sess them-requisito in tho man whom wo desire ti represent us. Ho is not tho mau to push on tin works and matters which would ongngo his ntten tiou in tho Parliament. Tho noxt is Mr Thoma! Page, who is also a personal friend. It would seen that all the candidates wera his friends. As a citizoi of Grafton Mr Pago has done a great (loni of good, ni much perhaps as any mau. Mr ('ago, no doubt, mukös mistakes nt times- which nf us did not do so?-but lu would ask is ho quite equal to tho position whiol would dovolvo upon him aa our member » (A voice Yea.) Thou there was Mr S. G. Davison, (Tho men- tion of Mr Davison's nnnio was tho aignnl for a good deal of mirth and whistling.) Well, I will say iiotliiiui moro of Mr Davison. (Laughtor.) Thou there waa Mi Herlihy. (Mr Herlihy's name was grooted also with increased and prolonged demonstrations of merriment. ] Well I will leave Mr Herlihy also, Ho noxt oamo to the ñamo of Mr John Soo, a gentleman who deserved a good donl of consideration, (Applause) Ho was pro sent at a mooting of Mr Soo'a friends and supporters last evuniug, and had heard then of Mr Seo what ho did not know boforo-that ho was the'architect of his own fortuno, Mr Seo has a largo business in Sydney, and ha has to attend to it. Mr Purvos has, what hiia perhaps descended tn him without any oxortiou on bia part,_ that fortuno alroady. At any rato lin ia in a position which docs not necessitate that attention to his own business which Mr Seo must givo first of all. TIIÍB electorate, with ita varied requirements, lina need of a member's whola and undivided attention, and Mr Seo ia a vory bold man if bo nan como forward and say that ho can givo tho whole of his timo to nttond to our duties. Ho (the chairman) could say that if Mr Purves waa not in tho field ho would bo at tho head of Mr See's committee, and could' support him na tho beat man in tho lield.. (Mr Attwater : Thou you must sup- port him,) (A voice : Attwator is aa good.) Mr Purvos lias a vestod interest in this district, which descended to him from bia father, and which will descend to bia children. A man under such circumstances must have a milch deopor interest in tho wolfaro and progresa of a district than ono whoso claims aro only transitory. They would aokinwledgo ho had said everything ho could in favour of Mr Seo, and nothing against him. Ho would now como to tho real Simon Puro, that was Mr Purves, who had commenced life by being bom in thia country. Ho had boon well trained mid nurtured aa a youth. Ho was a graduato nf tho Sydney Uni- versity, and had received tho bust oducatioii which tho country and monoy could provide Ho lind known Mr Purvos for ninny years, and unless ho thought that he was a Utting poraoti for tho honour that ho aspired to ho would not bo found oooupying tho position ho was to-night as chairman of his moating. Mr Purvos had not much timo to prepare for this election, and ho was a nuophyto in politics. Ho hoped that tho olootors would cnoourago him in his first address, that they would hear with him and assist him in his difficult task of addressing a large publie meeting on such au important occasion. Ho now introduced Mr Purves to them, (Applause.) Mr. PBIIVKS, on atopping (in to tho platform, WOB well and cordially rocoivod. Ho said ho would ask tho liberty of reading tho address ho had to make, mid which would have tho advantage of preventing him leaving unsaid many things whloh ho might othor wiso, perhaps, omit. Mr, Purvos thon road ns fullowg i-It-ia? with feoliuga' of 'considerable dit denco Hiat 'I _ appear this evening boforo you, electora bf th'otOlurenco\elóctbrate,í to lay before yi aoino of tho leading questions of tho day, and to a dreea you upou Bomo subjects of local interest. T seat for which I now aolioitiyour interest and au -port''liai boon rendered vacant hy tito resignation our late respocted and esteemed niembor, Mr 't'liom Bawden. Circumstances have unfortunately provo tod Mr. Bawdeh'from doingas much for tho diatri aa wo could wish, but I must hore Bay, I deeply regí (and' I um suró'í .Coho tho aoiitiinonts of the gre body of elcotors) that bo cannot at tho present jun turo servo us ' in this.-; Legislative Assembly of tl colony. It now .becomes your' duty to oleot I successor, and in doing so I must-ns one of yonrselvi au elector haring a largo and I hope permanent i torost in tho district-ask you to consider well whom you will outrust thu interests you havo at atal in thia rising and wealthy district, and in tho coloi at largo. In making your dioico you will havo consider tho several opinions that have buen put fori -ono that your niembor must bu a lucul man. Thc ia much to bo aaid pro and voil, but bo careful not pledge yourselves to any such policy, for tho lirst ai great objection to my mind ia, that your choice of tl right sort of mon, who aro willing and can utter to their linties is very limited, autltliu qunlilioutiu of being a local man only will uot, 1 four, carry mui wuight with it. If you select a Sydney mau m identified with tho district, you run thu riak of huvii your interests mudo subservient to thoao of Sydno; where bis personal interest would be. 1 think yt will nil agree with ino that it is necessary that yoi representativo should havo a large stake in tho diatric that ho should bo acquainted with tho different par of the electorate, and that ho should bo reaident i Sydney. You cannot do butter than select ono bavin large iutoroats in commun with your own, who know und eau fool thu requirements ol' the district, its va: resources-both dovelopod and capable of hoing lurgol increased, furl feel sure thut the future of this pa: of tho colony will bu second only to that of Sydnoy oiio wdio will try with his whole energy to rectify tl neglects and slights thia district has been subject I for many yoma. Your representativo should hav ability, integrity, position, ami means; hcshouldali huvo inlliionco with those with whom ho ia likely t bo associated with in the legislation of thia colony. Th necessity for his possessing these qualities ia vor obvious, because you must bo able to depend upon hi word, you must know him to bo aincoro ; ho must li buyo ml tho suspicion of place-hunting, mid his ii llucucu in tho House will bo tho grouter if ho is know and respected, than if he wore a mero stranger. Hi interests should bo in common with your own, so thu you may pull together. 1 know you think I mn goin to wind up thia review of what your member ought t bo by saying " I am thu man who will combine' a these qualities." I am not tho judge or jury in tbi queatiuu, tho verdict ia in your hands. I may t said to have given you tho law, and it is yoi; duty to lind according to the facta, ao I leave th matter in your bands, looting sure that you will choos thu bust mau for tho diatric* and lu tho interest of th colony ut large. I may say that I claim to havo you beat interests ut heart, and that you will lind mo n uiiy rate a sincere and honorablo candidate. 'Th position ia nf my own seeking. I am tho nominee < no auction of tho electors- nor do 1 seek to represor any particular portion of tho electorate. My aim returned ahull bo lirst, tho welfare and muten: advancement of Hie whole ; mid secondly, the loci requirements of euell and every part au far aa thoy ai reasonable und practical, lt baa como to my know ledge that 8ome persons havo fuit aggrieved by my nc soliciting their votes. All I eau say here ia, that do not solicit votes from nuy ono in particular, bu from tho electors us a body. Let ua now consider th questions on which it may bo my duty to act ua you representative. 1 shall lirat allude to n mensuro HOI before the 1 louse, und tho principal ono that 1 oxpec to havo any voice in, if eleotod-I moan tho Eloctort Bill. This moat necessary and long delayed mcasut ia now boforo tho House, and I trust that notliiii will prevent ita speedily becoming law. Wo have, tt gother with aomo other parta of tho colony, sulfure great wrong iii not having tho anomalies which exit under tho present Act, which has been tho law of tb country for over 20 yeais, removed, aud moro equil able representation meted out to tho dill'ereiit elei toratcs. Tho provisions of thu bill now under th consideration nf tho Iloiiso will not for tho most pat materially alter tho leading principles of tho presen law. Besides tho rediatributiou of scats so us to giv an equal representation to au equal number of clot tors, there uro ono or two other points of ditl'erenci mid with theso I ugrcc. Tho moat important ia a ohma providing that tho representation in curtain eases may b increased without having recourse to a new Act forthti purpose, 't'hia ia a very important provision in tbi colony whcio tho population increases and diminishes iiillticiicedbyloculeauacs. 'Tho present mensuro provide that the House shall decidu inciiacsofdisputedoiectioiis but this bill will require all such cuses to bo referred t thc Supreme Court. The now bill will increase tb number of thc representatives of tho people to 101 instead of "2 as now. This brings ino to that part o the bill that concerna tho electors of tho Chilene most, that ia thc representation of thc electorate. I has for years jiuot been labouring nuder the greu disadvantage ot having only ono member to ropresen upwards of (¡OOO electors, while other electorates hav had ono member for aa low aa 700 voters. This is i state of things that, under our glorious privilege o manhood sullrngc, should not have been allowed ti oxist, more especially aa it is directly opposed to tin Constitution of tho country. Tho Clarence is, accord big to tho present Oovoriunent measure, aub-dividci into two new doctorates, ono called Tho BieliinoiK and tho other Tho Clareneo^ tho former returning om and the lnttor two members. This I view ns a ste] in tho right direction, and I behove satisfies tin Richmond electora. Aa regards thia portion o tho electorate, I am not quito satisfied witl the arrangement proposed, and tho moro .1 look inti tho matter tho movo fully I am convinced that 1 nu right. I would advocate tho sub-division of tho Clor euee into two separate electorates havingono member each, and I nm sure tho day is not fur distant winn we shall be able to claim as a right oven a thin member, seeing the rato at which this river has hitherto progressed. lu viow of this I think wo shouh try and get tho old boundaries of the Clarcnci adhered lo towards tho south nm! west. I eniuiol seo why residents of tho old electorate, whoso com- mercial and business relations aro associated with tin Clarence, should be virtually disfranchised by annexa Hon to Teiiterlield and New England. It shall bi my earnest endeavour to havo the measure passed this session. Tho next mensuro that I shall say II few words upon is tho 1'ublic Instruction Bill, buttei known ns tho Hdiication Bill. This mensuro will not in all probability como before whoever you return, nt this election, as it is now passed through thu rocks and over tho shoals that nt ono time threatened destruction, and it is landed, I um glad to say, in a harbour of comparative safety. Education is a mutter that I havo always taken considerable interest in. Possibly 1 inhorit this feeling from ono who never while ho lived ceased to educate himself, and who always took a leading part in tho educational policy of tho colony. Ile from Ida attainments was elected one of tlio lirst members of tho Sonate of tho Univer- sity, and in later years many of yon may remember when I accompanied him on his visit hore seek- ing support for St. Andrew's College. I allude to my father, a (¡rm supporter of liberal Kduca tion. lu some countries, and under some cir- cumstances, tho Denominational system may act with very boiicllcial results, and.I think it bas doun good aervlco in this country ; but I havo no hesitation in saying-and I nm suro thatovory intelligent man must come to tho samo conclusion-that in this colony ila day is passed. Seeing that Stato-nid to roligion waa abolished by tho voice of tho peoplo it would bo incon- sistent to retain a policy so much opposed to thu prin- cipio thereby strongly nllirincd. Nothing can show moro uonoluaivoly that tho present Act is in accord- ance with tho wish of tho people than Ibo results brought about by tho pasaingof tho Act of lS(i7,whicb was tho commencement of tho system which I, na n candidato for your siill'riigos and'in accordance with my own firm conviction, declaro myself in favour of. Under the nyimc nf tho present Act tho Publie schools increased overiiOO, I would not think so much of thia wore it not that lui, or oxaotly oiio-half, of tho Deno- minational schools havo died a natural death. (A voice: Thoinoro'a tho pity,) Can airy evidence bo morn con [ elusivo ns to which ia the better and most iisoful sya tomÏ Hosnies theso there aro about three hundred Provisional and ono hundred llalf-timo schools. 1 nm suro that tho opponents of tho Public Behool system must aeo, if thoy will only think tho matter carefully out, that to do justice lo oh under a genornl Duiioininational systoin would, in this thinly populated and mixed community, bo de- feating ita own objects, unless at a cost out of nil pro- portion to tho result, I trust that all I havo said boro upon thia subject will not bo construed into any feel mg of hostility to any section of tho ooniiiiniuty, or that I should Book at any timo to intorfuro with tho froodom of conscience, or tho political rights of any 80otiou of tho community. (Disapprobation and re-1 marks.) (The Chairman : That gentleman can speak after Mr. Pur ves is done.) Far from that. I have tho interest nf the rising generation nt hèart, and wish to BOO them have overy opportunity afforded them of fitting themselves for tho many social, political, and othor dutioB thoy may be called upon to fulfil, whether as legislators, jurors, aldermen, or as private oitizoiia exercising that good feeling towards oho another that a liberal education will foster. It would only ho a need- less wasto of your timo were I to gb through tho sovo-: ral clauses of tho bill. I have no doubt you nro fully aware of all its provisions, which in my humble opinion, have been wisely coimidercd, and 1 trust tho day, is not far distant when all sections of tho com- munity will accept it as thu best for our own und our. children's interests. I um sino that if anyone.would got a copy of this bill and study it carefully they could: luid little to disagree with. Let mo now refer to a few matters of national importance and possessing u special local interest to your district. First and fore- most stands most prominently tho works nt the Heads of tho Clarence Uiver. Those should bo pushed on with moro vigour than has been tho case hitherto. I has set in there, and it it is a now urn I lim suro it will indicate that tho works there arc being pushed on with vigour, because no now era could bo anything but better thin tho hunt. I feel sura that when those works are complotai, yon will find tho benefit onor nioiis, though moro will have to bo done .than is now promised, and thora is no reason why this should not bo made os good iv barbour ns thoy havo made New- castle. When tho entrance has been improved you will lind tho cost of carriage reduced and your produce will bu relieved to BOIIIC extent of the heavy tax tho freight now puts upon it. Tho neglect that thc dis- trict has Butlered under in tho past in this matter has often been used us tm argument by members of tho Legislativo Assembly against thu utility of a railway from the Clarence to New England. In connection with this conies your next neglect the Dredge. Aftor having waitod patiently for yours, lind your trade half ruined, your steam companies put tu great expenso, you aro allowed an imperfect drodgo systom ; this should havo been attondod to and provision should bu made for its efficient and con- tinuous working. If tho works on the southern sido were pushed to a completion, mid tho drodge kept nt proper work, a great saving would bo mudo and tho dredge avsilublo for other parts of tho river, which sadly want attending to. Tho iinpoitanee of the district, and tho certainty that railway communication with Central Now England will ore long foreo itself into tho Ministerial policy, demand that provision should bo mado for tho removal of the obstructions to navigation from the sen to tho head of tho navgiablo water. Especially tho flats on tho lower rivers should be madu navigable at all times for sea- going stoamors ; tho obstructions between Grafton aud Kooky Mouth and elsewhere removed, and a passage cut through tho Falls below Copmanhurst. A railway to connect thu Tableland of New England with thu navigable waters of the Claronco needs no recom- mendation from mo. lt is a national, tint a loeal question. Why should tho great granaries of New England bo lunger locked up ? Why should tho wool producors and tho inexhaustible wheat growing areas of tho Tableland and extensive tin mines bo left to languish ? Why should Adclaidu wheat farmers receive enormous sums annually for their wheat which should go into tho pockets of thc Now South Wales farmers ? Why should tho settlers on tho Tableland pay largo prices for tho carriage of all their stores and necessaries of life, their maize, sugar, ¿io. 1 lt may bo said that tho Groat Northern Railway extension will remedy this defoct. I say quito the contrary. Tho rates of carriego which the long mile- age to Nowcastlo will entail will not allow of tho farmers in New England to competo with Adelaide, and as soon as the lino is completed to Brisbane tho traffic will bo all diverted there. As it is, a great deal of tho wool, tin, and other produce linds its way to Brisbane, and they got their supplies from there also. All this trado should como boro to its natu- ral seaport-tho Clarence. Another advantago of a railway would bo to settle a vary large popula- tion on tho Tableland. I was astonished nt tho groat extent of magnificent agricultural laud I saw when on n visit to Inverell, Glon Innes, and Tenterfield a short timo back, lt is plain tho ouly remedy for all theso dofcots will bu to construct a railway between tho Clarence and Now England. A bridge across tho Claronco at Grafton ia especially called for by tho rapidly growing necessity for moro effectually connect- ing tho wholo of tho northern territory from the Tweed to tho Clarence, and from thence to tho Great Western territory. 1 will, if olected, advocato the placing of a sum of money on the Estimates for tho ereetion nf a bridge across tho Clarence. Bridges across all thu other principal rivers, at Lismore und Casino, Deep, Myall and othor crocks, and at tho Urara, Nymboi, Mann and Wick's Hivers, and othor places southerly and westerly, have boon erected or provided for ; mid this ono grout link remains to bo established, lt is a truly national undertaking, tn which tho public of thc Northern territory nro milly entitled. Tho construction of these bridges fail in their utility unless they nro connected by good main roads. AU such roads should bo put on os first-class roads, and special provision should bo made for special grants, to enable special difficulties to bo overcome. Tho main road throughout tho municipality of Grafton on both sides of thu river ought to bo macadamised without delay. Various other portions of tho district call for special extension of thu Treasury purse- strings in their direction. Alumny Creek, near its .Southgate conlluuiico with tho Claronco; Sportsman's Crook, nt Lawrenco, and Palmer's Channel all require to bo bridged. Numerous works of a character similar tu those I havo enumerated require to bo dono on tho Richmond, but I shall reaorvo my remarks more espe- cially concerning tho loeal wants of that portion of tho district until 1 havo tho honor, as I hopo to do, of addressing that part of the electorate. Do not think for a moment that 1 am promising roads and bridges "agin overy manta door;" if you voto for mo under that impression do not blamu mu if you lind yourselves at fault. I trust I shall bo always ready to hoar every suggestion and uilvico you can givu me, but I hopo you will never lind mo advocating anything but what will contribute to the goiioral good of the district at large, directly or indirectly, anil that, whatever may bu my present dclluiuueies, 1 shall endeavour by diligence and application, and with thu assistance of experienced Parliamentary friends and of my consti- tuants, to surmount them. Tho opportunity of thu Towns Water Supply und Sewerage Act should bo availed of to supply Grafton with puro and permanent water, ami thu inhabitants guarded, by thu construction of main sewerage, from thu inevitable consequences tn a semi-tropical city built ou a flat of tho total absence of means to carry ol! tho obnoxious causes of pestilence. 1 um in favour of an increased subsidy to Municipalities for tho construction of works of it. permanent character. I have not yet soon tho new .Municipal Bill, but shall exercise my judgment to tho best of my abilities, if elected, for improving tho position of Municipalities throughout thc colony in a maimer consistent_ with tho intercuts of tho colony at large. A new Publican's Bill will probably bo disposed of this session. I nm in favour of snob a measure ns will protect and conservo tho true interests of tho public, thc hotel hoopers, and of law mid order. I uni a strang advocate for tho abolition of tho present licensing system by thu magisterial benches, and for tho transfer of their duties to local hoards, who ought to bo appointed periodically ; and, I should think thu public of each district should have a voiuu in their appointment. 1 approve in the main of thu polioy which docs not make it compulsory in tho selector tu expend more than 10s an nero on periuauoiit improvements, In some parts of this colony whero theru is no clearing to be dono I Os is quito sufficient to compel any niau to spend, and in others, if thu selector wishes to make his laud productive, hu will soon havo to put improvements of inoro than tho value of i'l to got any return from tho laud. I wish that tho reduction improvement prin- ciple could constitutionally havo bcuu mado to have a retrospectivo effect, but it is impossible to logislato constitutionally for thu past, and tho selectors of bye gone years must only look forward to reaping tho advantages of tho new concessions by oxtendiiig their areas, or soleeting in fresh localities. Thora aro always capitalists ready and willing to purchase tho improved sugar and agricultural flinns on the Ciar uncu and Richmond at remunerative prices. Next naturally comos immigration. Tho present systom requires revision. Assistance should lio extended to small capitalists, whoso object is to sottlu on thu landa, and on whom Government assistance would bo better bestowed by enabling them to husband their reaourcca for developing tho national demesne, than in thu importation of tho superfluous popula- tion of tho towna who lund in thu colony without object or resources, Tho Stamp Act ia a fair tax, especially with tho reduced tariff annexed to thc Bill. Tho question in disputo botweon tho Upper HOUHO and Lower House is ono of great constitutional importance, and can only bo disuussud by mon with "May" and other authorities on Constitutional law and Purlin montnry precedent at thoir finger's onda, Happily, however, it would appear that a wiso policy on thc part of both branches of tho Loglalaturo will prevent any collision between them. I nm strongly opposed to tho imposition of au excise duty on Colonial sugars, certainly not while the colony has to import a portion of tho supply annually required for homo consumption. Tho sugar growers aro already hnndioiipped hy. tho ad- mission of coolie labour into Queensland, tho Mauri- tius, and Fiji, nnil, were it not for tho Customs ; duty of £5 per ton imposed on foreign sugars for revenue purposes before tho birth of tho Claronco and Kiah mond sugar industry, which still continues, tho planters ot thoso rivers could not compute with them, Tho ruinously low price of maize, caused by tho ¡in- menso supply of that cereal from foreign ports, seems to mo to eal! for the special consideration of thu Legis- lature. Revenue is required uiid it could hardly be considered Protection if a Custom's duty was imposed* on foreign maize. No doubt sueh an impost on an artiulu milking as a breadstuff would in England bu ob- noxious and impolitic,1 but herc there is no analogy, because England is a largo importer of brcudstull's necessarily ¡ whilst Now "South Wales can not only supply its own demand but export largely. Notwith- standing this you must remember I mn a frco-tradur. Beforesittingdowu, I may heresay laniaconsistent hut independent supporter of tho Government. I certainly shall exercise tho right to vote as 1 think most con- ducive to tho interests of tho country. I shall not, however, I hope, resemble Sir Joseph Porter in H. M. S. Pinafore, whore we uro told that " He always vo- ted at his party's call, and never thought of thinking for himself ut all." In conclusion, I havo endeavoured tn gi"o you nsclenr an exposition of my political viewsns I am capable of. Tilpoo I have given without reserva- tion, and of their litness you aro tho solo judges. With reference to tho suggestions I havo made for tho improvement of thu district ami kindred matters, I cannot promise tn do more. I cnn only givo you my faithful assuraneu their failure shall not bo tho result of negligence or apathy on my part. I donut wish you to return me unless yon consider it your own host interest to do so, but if yon do me that honour I hopo to return you a good account of my stewardship when tho Parliament duwolves, and that I shall thou lie able with a confidence I am not now entitled to fool, to ask for a renewal of your favours. I wish to add that I must not be understood as ignoring tho local wants of tho Richmond-ns I said before, I reserve them for my address in that portion of tho electorate. I do not oller mysoly ns a represontutivo of a part of thu electorate ; my ambition is to attond to tho inter- ests of tho who!o_ fearlessly and impartially. ( Mr. L'nrvcs resumed his seat amid loud applause.) Thu CHAIRMAN said they had now beard Mr Purvcs, - and, as he had stated before, thoy bad no cut and dried resolution to submit. Ho thought Mr. Purvcs" had treated upon everything that was required of him, and it was for tho meeting to say whether thoy approved of him. If they thought him a fitting representative it would of courso bo necessary that a committee should bo appointed to work in his in- terest. Whatuvortho electors did let thom bo united in the candidato of their choice. .Mr. Purvcs would bo content to be directed by thc electors in their choice ; if they agreed to support another candidate ho would gracefully withdraw. The business of the meeting was now ovor. Air H. DHAN moved that Mr Foott still retain thu chair, .in order that it might bo ascertained if thc meeting could devise some means to agree upon which candidato should bo supported by thc electors gene- rally, in order to run one mau against thc Richmond candidato. Ho thought others would then withdraw. The CHAIRMAN pointed out that at iv ("Irafton moot- ing it could scaicely bo said all tho district was represented. . Mr. HKIU.IH Y seconded Mr. Dean's proposition. Ho thought it very essential that there should bo some unity of action. After a lapse of sonio time, during which thoro was a buzz of tongues in tho hall, Mr. 11 erl ¡hy inquired if the Chairman was going to put tho motion moved by Mr. Dean, Mr. ATTWATER hore .mounted tho platform, and was greeted with shouts and great clapping. Ho said he was present at a meeting last evening when there was only tho ghost of a candidate, and a voto of confidence was passed in his favour. To-night thoy had iv candidato in person ; and Mr. Purvcs had given his political opinions, and ho thought thoy should givo him a voto of confidence. (A voice : Sit down.) There was no sitting down about him when ho took a thing in hand. Mr. Seo had boen addressing thom that evening. (Great shouting and laughter at tho speaker's transposition of names.) Ho could seo it all ; and if Mr. Sec had not been speaking'there was n Mr. Soe present. Ho thought after Mr.. Purvcs addressing them that evening, thoy should either accept or reject him. The least they could do was to move a voto pf want of confidence in that gentleman. (Tho lapsus lingim was tho signal for renewed shouts of laughter, which were loud and long, and apparently tho speaker did not know tho cause of the merriment. Ho singled out ono gentle- man in tho body of tho hall, and after alluding to him rather personally said, " it would bo a great disgrace to elect him.") Ile asked tho meeting to show whether Mr. Purvcs was a proper person to rcprcsont them or not? ¡Cries of Yes ! yes; No! no, and confusion.) Ho asked the chairman to put it to tho mooting. 'Tho CHAIRMAN said he would remind Mr. Attwater thoro was nothing boforo tho .meeting. Ho lind not moved anything. Mr. ATTWATER thou said ho proposed Mr. Purvcs ns a lit and proper person to represent tho electorate. After a consideradlo interval, during which no ono moved, Mr. H. DEAN rose and said ho had offered a suggestion which had not been acted upon, and ho thought tho ineotiug had botter adjourn. Tho CHAIRMAN said ho thought, in doforenco to other parts of the electorate, tho courso proposed by Mr. Dean in his motion could scarcely bo decided that ovening. Ho bolievcd there woro only two gontlomen who would go to tho poll on this river, and porhops an arrangement might bo mado by which ono of thom would withdraw. Mr. Illili l,i liv said lin was attacked by Mr; Attwater, whoso statement that bo had caused tho grinning and laughing, and had fetohod a lot of people to aid him, was not true. Tho CHAIRMAN snit! ho, for ono, thought thoy lind enough nf it. Mr. IIr.Ri.inv proposed a vote af thanks to tho chair- man, which bo asked to bo carried by acclamation. This was done, -and tho mooting adjourned. 