THB OLD 8EBM0N. Thi flolemu huih of midnight is brooding over tho earth ; Alone in my state and tplendoor, I wait for the new daj'a birth. No sound breaks in ou the stillnont, no voice in tho silonee sails, So heavy the; velvet hangings, so thlok are my study wolla. I would ait in tbo dotty silence, and rest both heart and brain, And gather strength for the warfare that day brings on Again ; Bnt a picture comes in tbe darkness of a pluce I knew when a boy, And it chills tha heart that is throbbing with the flush ol worldly joy..; ? ' 'Tie a simple ohurch in a meadow-land, Where I see a whito- haired pastor stand,'; . Who warns his flook with-uplifted hand: " Except ye.be liko the children, : To cannot enter in." ;.'??? There's a glitter and glory around mc that is, born of a guinea's shine; I measure a thouiand sores, and know that their wealth is mine; I hear in tho about ol tbo gaping crowd Ihe homage they bear my name- It Is written in radiant letters on the glilter -1 iugrollof fame; The sonnd of the words I utter.is echoed ? ? from land to land,' And the helm that sways o nation is trusted within my hand; ' ' ' Bnt my heart grows" faint like a woman's when the dnek of twilight noars, And I dread the solemn midnight when that -whito-haired man appears; For soul and Spirit become perplexed; I dread the words that are coming next, , Tha awful sonnd of that simple text: r"Exoeptye be liko tho children, Ye cannot entor in."' Long and' Dares was tho struggle that placed mb upon the height; I wrought with a will for tholuslro that has 'made my name so bright;,' ... I won mo a orbwn'of lnurel, and wreathed -ft ' around my.bro'W, -. - And the wounds of, the mighty conflict I hear! about mc how, ..;;- r " And mine is the right of resting, of pausing ; .awhile in the strife, . . -.- Vox 1 fought the fight like iS, victor, aud eon quercd the thing called life. .'.-.- Bat that picture will coma in tho darknes?, and stifle the fire-lights gleam, Till I palo and shrink liko a culprit who is bound in a nightmare dream; . Fori see the old mm standing there, The lifted hands and whitened hair, And I hoar tha trembling voico deolare: ? "Except ye be like the children, , ,' To cannot enter in." .'. So I sit alone in tbo midnight, while the /ghosts of tho past flit by, ?'-"". And they warn mo with - Bhadowy fingers of , the end that ia drawing nigh; '" ' I think of the life within mc, of the 'fierce '." ! and resistless will, .-.-- And the frail and helpless body that mast lie ' . , so cold ond still, - Till tho quivering heart in my bosom grow* faint and numb with fear, WUh dread ol the awful summons:'thai ono day I must hear; ?'?'?'? And I-torn with a shnddbr of loathing from the power I stooped to win, " '' And I long for the heart b'l ohildhbbd, nn tonohed, unsullied by sin; For tho voice of truth falls on my oar, And memory oallelh adown the years, While awed.and. trigh'tched my soul still . 'hears: ' " Exoept ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter in." ' A Touifo BottATCHaa—Meeting a news boy wbdie face was eotned with eoratohee and looked like a map of soma great rail road centre, a Eegistor reporter aiked the youngster* what the maftsr wa?, "Feller ipoko disaeepectful of my sister jeaid'he'd bet the was crosi-eyed, and I sailed in." " It'joar tiater crc*My'ear asked the re porter. "Hain't got no .eater," was tho" reply. ," It waa the nrineinle of the taiaa 