CHILDREN'S CORNER Editha's Burglar. BY FRANCES HODGSON BURNETT. I WILL begin by saying that Editha was always rather a queer little girl, and not much like other children. She was not a strong healthy little girl, and had never been able to run about and play ; and, as Bhe had no sisters or brothers, or companions of her own size, Bhe was rather old fashioned, as her aunts used to call it. She had always been very fond of books, and had learned to read when she was such a tiny child, that I Bhould almost be afraid to say how tiny Bhe was when she read her first volume through. Her papa wrote books himself, and was also the editor of a newspapor ; and, as he had a large library, Editha perhaps read more than was quite good for her. She lived in London; and, as her mamma was very young and pretty, and went out a great deal, and her papa bo busy, and her governess only came in the morning, she was left to herself a good many hours in the day, and when Bhe was left to herself she spent the greater part of her time in the library reading her papa's big books, and even his newspapers. She was very fond of the newspapers, because she found bo many curious things in them— stories, for instance, of strange events which happened every day in the great city of London, and yet never seemed to happen anywhere near where she lived. Through the newspapers, she found that there were actually men who lived by breaking into people's houses and stealing all the nice things they could carry away, and she read that such men were called burglars. When she first began to read about burglars, she was very much troubled. In the first place, she felt rather timid about going to bed at night, and, in the second place, Bhe felt rather Borry for the burglars. " I suppose no one ever taught them any better," she thought. In fact, she thought bo much about the matter, that she could not help asking her papa some questions one morning when he was at break fast. He was reading his paper and eating his chops both at once when Bhe spoke to him. " Papa," Bhe said, in a solemn little voice, and looking at him in a very solemn manner, "papa dear, what do you think of burglars—as a class?" (She said "as a class," because she had heard one of her papa's f liends say it, and, as he was a gentleman Bhe admired very much, she liked to talk as he did.) Her papa gave a little jump in his chair, as if she had startled him, and then he pushed his hair off hid forehead, and stared at her. " Burglars ? As a class ?" he said, and then he stared at her a minute again in rather a puzzled way. " Blesß my soul!" he said. "As a class, Nixie 1" (that was his queer pet name for her.) • • Nixie, where is your mother ?" "She is in bed, papa dear, and we mustn't disturb her," Baid Editha. " The party last night tired her out. I peeped into her room softly as I came down. She looks bo pretty when she is asleep. What do you think of burglars, papa ?" " I think they are a bad lot, Nixie," said her papa, " a bad lot." " Are there no good burglars, papa ?" " Well, Nixie," answered papa, " I should say not. As a rule, you know, —" and here be began to smile, as people often smiled at Editha when she asked questions—" As a rule burglars are not distinguished for moral perspicuity and blame less character." But Editha did not understand what moral perspicuity meant, and besides she was thinking again. " Miss Lane was talking to me the other day about some poor children who had never been taught anything; they had never had any French or music lessons, and scarcely knew how to read, and she said they had never had any advantages. Perhaps that is the way with the burglars, papa, —perhaps they have never had any advantages, —perhaps if they had ho<l advantages they mightn't have been burglars." " Lessons in French and music are very eleva ing to the mind, my dear Nixie," papa began in bis laughing way, which was always a trial to Editha, but suddenly ho stopped, and looked at iher rather sadly. " How old are you, Nixie ?" he asked. " I am seven," answered Editha, " seven years, going on eight." Papa .sighed. " Come here, little one," he said, holding out his strong white hand to her. She left her chair and went to him, and be put his arms around her, and kissed her, and stroked her long brown hair. '* Don't puzzle your little brain too much," he •aid, " never mind about tiie burglars, Nixie." "Well," said Editha, "I can't help thinking •bout them a little, and it seems to me that there must be, perhaps, one good burglar among all the bad ones, and I can't help being rather sorry «yen for the bad ones. You see, they must hay« to be up all night, and oat in the rain sometimes, and they can't help not having hud advantage*." It was Btrange that the first thing she heard, when ahe went op to her mamma's room, was something about burglars. She was very very fond of her mamma, and very proud of her. She even tried to take care of her in her small way; ahe never disturbed her when she was asleep, and she always helped her to dress, bringing her thing* to her, buttoning her little shoes and gloves, putting the perfume on her handercbiefs, and holding her wraps until she wanted them. This morning, when she went into the dres sing- room, she found the chamber-maid there before her, and her dear little mamma looking very pale. "Ah, mem !if you please, mem!" the chamber, maid was saying, " what a blessing it was they didn't come here!" " Who, Janet ?" Editha asked. " The burglars, misß, that broke into Number Eighteen last night, and carried off all the silver, and the missus' jewellery." "If burglars ever do break in here," said mam ma, " I hope none of us will hear them, though it would almost break my heart to have my things taken. If I should waken in the night, and find a burglar in my room, I think it would kill me, and I know I should scream, and then there is no knowing what they might do. If ever you think there is a burglar in the house, Nixie, whatever you do, don't scream or make any noise. It would be better to have one's things stolen than to be killed by burglars for screaming." She wan not a very wise little mamma, and often said rather thoughtless things ; but ahe was very gentle and loving, and Editha was so fond of her that she put her arms round her waist and said to her: " Mamma, dearest, I will never let any burglars hurt you or frighten you if I can help it. Ido believe I could persuade them not to. I should think even a burglar would listen to reason." That made her mamma laugh, so that she for got all about the burglars aud began to get her color again, and it was not loug before she was quite gay, and was singing a song she had heard at the opera, while Editha was helping her to dress. But that very night Editha met a burglar. Just before dinner, her papa came up from the city in a great hui ry. He dashed up to the front door in a cab, and, jumping out, ran upstairs to mamma, who was bitting in the drawing-room, while Editha read aloud to her. " Kitty, my dear," he said, " I am obliged to goto Glasgow by the ' five' train. I must throw a few things into a portmanteau and go at once." "Oh, Francis I" said mamma. "And just after that burglary at the Norris* I I don't like to be left alone." "The servants are here," said papa, "and Nixie will take care of you ; won't you, Nixie ? Nixie is interested in burglars." "I am sure Nixie could do more than the servants," aid mamma. "All three of them sleep in one room at the top of the house when you are away, and even if they awakened they would only scream." " Nixie wouldn't scream," said papa, laughing; " Nixie would do something heroic. I will leave you in her hands." He was only joking, but Editha did not think of what he said as a joke; the felt that her mamma was really left in her care, and that it was a very serious matter. She thought about it so seriously that she hardly talked at all at dinner, and was so quiet afterward that her mamma said, "Dear me, Nixie, what are you thinking of ? You look as solemn as a little owL" "lam thinking of you, mamma," the child answered. And then her mamma laughed and kissed her, and said: " Well, I must say I don't see why you should look so grave about me. I didn't think I was such a solemn subject." At last bed-time came, and the little girl went to her mother's room, because she was to sleep there. " I am glad I have you with me, Nixie," said mamma, with a rather nervous little laug^L " I am Bure I shouldn't like to sleep in this big room alone." But, after she was in bed, she soon fell asleep, and lay looking so happy and sweet and comfort able that Editha thought it was lovely to see her. Editha did not go to sleep for a long time. She thought of her papa trying to sleep on the train, rushing through the dark night on its way to Scotland; Bhe thought of a new book she had just begun to read ; Bhe thought of a child Bhe had once heard singing in the street; and when her eyes closed at length her mind had just gone back to the burglars at Number Eighteen. rihe slept until midnight, and then something wakened her. At first she did not know what it was, but in a few minutes Bhe found that it was a queer little Bound coming from down-stairs, —a sound like a stealthy filing of iron. She understood in a moment then, because she had heard the chamber-maid say that the burg lars broke into Number Eighteen by filing through the bars of the shutters. "It is a burglar," Bhe thought, "and he will awaken mamma." If she had been older, and had known more of the habits of burglars, she might have been more frightened than Bhe was. She did not think of herself at all, however, but of her mother. She began to reason the matter over as quickly as possible, and she made up her mind that the burglar must not be allowed to make a noise. " I'll go down and ask Lim to please be as quiet as he caii," she said to herself, "and I'll tell him why." Certainly, this was a queer thing to think of doing, but I told you when I began my story that Bhe was a queer little girl. She slipped out of bed so quietly that she scarcely stirred the clothes, and then slipped just as quietly out of the room and d«wn the stairs. The filing had ceased, but she heard a sound of stealthy feet in the kitchen ; and, though it must be confessed her heart beat rather faster than usual, she made her way to the kitchen and opened the door. Imagine the astonishment of that burglar when, on hearing the door open, he turned round and found himself looking at a slender little girl, in a white frilled night-gown, and with bare feet, —a little girl whose large brown eyes rested on him in a by no menu unfriendly way. "I'll be polite to him," Edith* had said, as ■he was coming down-stairs. " I am sure he'll be more obliging if lam very polite. Miss Lane says politeness always wins its way." So the first wordi she spoke were as polite as she could make them. "Don't be frightened," she said, in a soft voice. " I don't want to hart you ; I came to ask a favor of you." The burglar was so amazed that he actually forgot he was a burglar, and staggered back against the walL I fancy he thought at first that Editha was a little ghost. " You see I couldn't hurt you if I wanted to," she went on, wishing to encourage him. "I'm too little. I'm only •even,—and a little over, —and I'm not goiug to scream, because that would waken mamma, and that's just what I don't want to do." That did encourage the burglar, but still he was so astonished that he did not know what to do. " Well, I'm blowed," he said in a whisper, "if this ain't a rummy go !" which was extremely vulgar language ; but, unfortunately, he was one of those burglars who, as Mias Lane Baid, " had not had any advantages," whioh is indeed the case with the majority of the burglars of my acquaint ance. Then he began to laugh,—in a whisper also, if one can be Baid to laugh in a whisper. He put h.is hand over his mouth, and made no noise, but he laughed so hard that he doubled up and rocked himself to and fro. "The rummiest go !" he said, in his unedu cated way. " An' she haint agoin* to 'urt me. Ob, my eye!" He was evidently very badly educated, indeed, for he not only used singular words, but Bounded his h's all in the wrong placea. Editha noticed this, even in the midst of her surprise at his laugh ten She could not understand what he was laugh ing at. Then it occurred to her that she might have made a mistake. " If you please," ishe said, with great delicacy, " are you really a burglar ?" He stopped laughing just long enough to answer her. "Lor* no, miss," he aaid, "by no manner o 1 meana. I'm a dear friend o' yer par's, come to make a evenin' call, an' not a wisbin' to trouble the servants I stepped in through the winder." "Ah !" said Editha, looking very gravely at him ; " I Bee you are joking with me, as papa does sometimes. But what I wanted to say to you was this: Papa has gone to Scotland, and all our servant! are women, and mamma would be so frightened if you were to waken her, that I am sure it would make her iIL And if you are going to burgle, would you please burgle as quietly as you can, so that you won't disturb her ?" The burglar stopped laughing, and, staring at her, once more uttered his vulgar exclamation: " We'll, I'll be blowed I" 11 Why don't you Bay, • I'll be blown ?'" asked Editha, " I'm sure it isn't correct to say you'll be blowed." She thought he was going off into one of his unaccountable fits of laughter again, but he did not; he seemed to check himself with an effort. "There haiut no time to waste," she heard him mutter. " No, 1 suppose there isn't," she answered. " Mamma might wake and miss me. What are you going to burgle first f "You'd better go up-stairs to yer mar," he said, rather sulkily. Editha thought deeply for a few seconds. " You oughtn't to burgle anything," she said. " Of course you know that, but if you have really made up your mind to do it I would like to show you the things you'd better take." "What, fer instance ?" said the burglar, with interest. " You musn't take any of mamma's things," said Editha, " because they are all in her room, and you would waken her, and, besides, she said it would break her heart; and don't take any of the things papa is fond of. I'll tell you what, 1' turn ing rather pale ; "you can take my things." *' What kind o' things ?" asked the burglar. " My locket, and the little watch papa gave me, and the necklace and braaelets my grandmamma left me, —they are worth a great deal of money, and they are very pretty, and I was to wear them when I grew to be a young lady, but—but you can take them. And—then —" very slowly, and with a deep sigh, " there are—my books. I'm very fond of them, but " " I don't want no books," said the burglar. " Don't you ?" exclaimed she. " Ah, thank you." " Well," said the buglar, as if to himself, and staring hard at her brightening face, " I never see no sich a start afore." "Shall I go up-stairs and get the other things ?" said Editha. " No," he said. " You Btay where you are—or stay, come along o' me inter the pantry, an' sit down while I'm occypied." He led the way into the pantry, and pushed her down on a step, and then began to open the drawers where the silver was kept. " It's curious that you should know just where to look for things, and that your key should fit, isn't it ?" said Editha. " Yes," he answered, " it's werry Bing'lar in« deed. There's a good deal in being eddicated." " Are you educated ?" asked Editha, with a look of surprise. " Did yer think I wasn't ?" said the burglar. "Well," aaid Editha, not wishing to offend him, "you see, you pronounce your words bo very strangely." "It's all a matter of taste," interrupted the burglar. "Oxford an' Cambridge 'as different vocabularies." "Did you go to Oxford?" asked Editha, politely. " No," said he, " nor yet to Cambridge." Then he laughed agaiD, and seemed to be quite enjoying himself as he made some forks and spoons up into a bundle. " I 'ope there haint no plated stuff 'ere," he said. " Plate's wulgar, an' I 'ope yer parents haint wulgar, cos thut'd be Bettin' yer a werry bad example an' sp'ilin1 yer morals." " I am sure papa and mamma are not vulgar," said Editha. The burglar opened another drawer, and chuckled again, and this suggested to Editha's mind another question. "Is your business a good one ?" she suddenly enquired of him. "'Taint as good as it ought to be, by no manner o* means," said the burglar. " Every one haint as hobligin' as you, my little dear." "Oh !" said Editha. " You know you obliged me by not making a uoiae." " Well," said the burglar, " as a rule, we don't make a practice o* makin' no more noise than we can help. It haiut considered 'ealthy in the per feasion." " Would you mind leaving us a few forks and spoons to eat with, if you please ? I beg pardon for interrupting you, but I'm afraid we shall not have any to use at breakfast." " Haint yer got no steel uns ?" enquired the burglar. " Mamma wouldn't like to use steel ones, I'm aure," Editha answered. " I'll tell you what you can do : please leave out enough for mamma, and I can use steeL I don't care about myself, much." The man seemed to think a moment, and then he was really so accommodating aa to do as she asked, and even went to the length of leaving out her own little fork and knife and spoon. "Oh ! you are very kind," said Editha, when she saw him do this. "That's a reward o' merit, cos yer didn't squeal," eaid the burglar. He was bo busy for the next few minutes that he did not speak, though now and then he broke into a low laugh, as if he was thinking of some thing very funny indeed. During the silence, Editha sat holding her little feet in her nightgown, and watching him very curiously. A great many new thoughts came into her active brain, and ut last she could not help asking some more ques tions. " Would you really rather be a burglar than anything else ?" she enquired, respectfully. "Well," said the man, "praps, I'd prefer to be Lord Mayor, or a member o' the 'Ouae o' Lords, or heven the Prince o' Wales, honly for there bein' hobatacles in tie way of it." "Oh!" said Editha; "you couldn't be the Prince of Wales, you know. I meant wouldn't you rather be in some other profession ? My papa is an editor," she added. " How would you like to be an editor?" " Well," Baid the burglar, " hif yer par ud change with me, or hif he chanced to know bany heditor with a roarin' trade as ud be so hobligiu' as to 'and it over, hit's wot I've aliens 'ad a leanin' to." " I am sure papa would not like to be a burglar," said Editha, thoughtfully; " but perhapß he might speak to his frieuds about you, if you would give me your name and address, and if I were to tell him how obliging you were, and if I told him you really didn't like being a burglar." The burglar put his hand to his pocket and gave a start of great surprise. " To think o' me a forgettin' my card-case," he said, "an' a leavin' it on the pianner when I come hout I'm sicb a bloomin' forgetful cove. I might hey knowed I'd hey wanted it" "It is a pity," said Editha ; " but if you told me your name and your number, I think I could remember it." " I'm afeared yer couldn't," said the burglar, regretfully, " but I'll try yer. Lord Halgernon Hedward Halbert de Peutonwille, Yde Park. Can you think o' that ?" " Are you a lord ?" exclaimed Editha. " Dear me, how strange I" " It is Biog'iar," said the burglar, shaking his head. " I've hoften thought so myself. But, not wishin' to detain a lady no longer than can be 'elped, s'pose we take a turn in the lib'ery among your respected par's things." " Don't make a noise," said Editha, as she led the way. But when they reached the library her loving little heart failed her. All the things her father valued most were there, and he would be sore to be so sorry if one thing was missing when he re turned. She stood on the threshold a moment and looked about her. " Oh," she whispered, " please do me another favor, won't you ? Please let me slip quietly up stairs and bring down my own things instead. They will be bo easy to carry away, and they are very valuable, and—and I will make you a present of them if you will not touch anything that belongs to papa. He is bo fond of his things and, besides that, he is so good." The burglar gave a rather strange and disturbed look at her. " Qo an* get yer gimcracks," he said in a some what grumbling voice. Her treasures were in her own room, and her bare foet made no sound as she crept slowly up the staircase and then down again. But when she handed the little box to the burglar her eyes were wet. " Papa gave me the watoh, and mamma gave me the locket," she whispered,tremulously; ''and the pearls were grandmamma's, and grandmamma is in heaven." It would not be easy to know what the burglar thought; he looked queerer than ever. Perhaps he was not quite so bad as some burglars, and felt rather ashamed of taking her treasures from a little girl who loved other people so much better than ahe loved herself. But he did not touch any of papa's belongingß, and, indeed, did not remain much longer. He grumbled a little when he looked into the drawing-room, saying something to himaeli about "folks never 'aviu' no considera tion for a cove, an' It aviu' nothin' portable 'andy, a expectin' of him to carry off seventy-five pound bronze clocks an' marble stattoos ;" but, though Editha was sorry to see that he appeared annoyed, Bhe did not understand him. After that, he returned to the pantry and helped himself to some cold game pie, and seemed to enjoy it, and then poured out a tumbler of wine, which Editha thought a great deal to drink atonce. " Yer 'e'ltn, my dear," he said, " an' 'appy re turns, an' many on 'em. May yer grow up a horny ment to yer sect, an' a comfort to yer respected mar an' par." And he threw his head very far bnck, and drank the very last drop in the glass, which waa vulgar, to say tho least of it. Tiien he took up his bundles of silver and the other articles he bad appropriated, and eeeing that he was going away Editha rose from the pantry step. " Are you going out through the window ?" she aaked. " Yes, my dear," he answered, with a chuckle, "it'B a little 'abit I've got into. I prefers 'em to door*." " Well, good-bye," she said, holding out her hand politely. " And thank you, my lord." She felt it only respectful to say that, even if he had fallen into bad habits and become aburglar. He shook hands with her in quite a friendly manner, and even made a bow. " Yer welcome, my dear," he said. " An' I must hadd that if I ever Bee a queerer or better behaved little kid, may Ibe blowed—or, as yer told me it would be more corrector to say, I'll be blown." Editha did not know he was joking; Bhe thought he was improving, and that if he had had advan tages he might have been a very nice man. It was astonishing how neatly he Blipped through the window ; he was gone in a second, and Editha found herself standing alone in the dark, as he had taken hia lantern with him. She groped her way out and up the stairs, and then, for the first time, Bhe began to feel cold and rather weak and strange ; it wan more like being frightened than any feeling she had had while the burglar was in the house. " Perhaps, if he had been a very bad burglar, he might have killed me," she said to herself, trembling a little. "I am very glad he did not kill me, for—for it would have hurt mamma bo, and papa too, when he came back, and they told him." Her mamma wakened in the morning with a bright smile. " Nobody hurt üb, Nixie," she said. "We are all right, aren't we ?" " Yes, mamma dear," said Editha. She did not want to startle her just then, so she said nothing more, and she even said nothing all through the excitment that followed the dis covery of tha robbery, and indeed, said nothing until her papa came home, and then he wondered so at her pale face, and petted her so tenderly, and thought it bo strange that nothing but her treasures had been taken from upstairs, that she could keep her secret no longer. " Papa," Bhe cried out all at once in a trem bling voice, "I gave them to him myself." " You, Nixie I You 1" exclaimed her papa, look ing alarmed. " Kitty, the fright has made the poor little thing ill." " No, papa," said Editha, her hands shaking, and the tears rushing into her eyes, Bhe did not know why. " I heard him, and—l knew mamma would be so frightened,—and it came into my mind to ask him—not to waken her, —and I crept down-stairs—and asked him;—and he was not at all unkind though he laughed. And I stayed with him, and—and told him I would give him all my things if he would not touch yours nor mamma's. He—he wasn't such a bad burglar, papa, and he told me he would rather be some thing more respectable." And she hid her face on her papa's shoulder. " Kitty !" papa oried out " Oh, Kitty !" Then her mamma flew to her and knelt down by her, kissing her, and crying aloud : " Oh, Nixie lif he had hurt you,—if he had hurt you." " He knew I was not going to scream, mamma," said Editha. " And he knew I was too little to hurt him. I told him so." She scarcely understood why mamma cried so much more at this, and why even papa's eyes were wet as he held her close up to his breast. " It is my fault, Francis," wept the poor little mamma. " I have left her too much to herself, and I have not been a wise mother. Oh, to think of her risking her dear little life just to save me from being frightened, and to think of her giving up the things she loves for our sakes ! I will be a better mother to her, after this, and take care of her more." But I am happy to Bay that the watch and locket and pearls were not altogether lost, and came back to their gentle little owner in time. About six months after, the burglar was caught, as burglars are apt to be, and, after being tried and sentenced to transportation to the penal settlements (which meanß that he was to be Bent away to be a prisoner in a far country), a police officer came one day to see Editha's papa, and he actually came from that burglar, who was in gaol and wanted to see Editha for a special reason. Editha'a papa took her to see him, and the moment »he entered his cell she knew him. " How do you do, my lord ?" she Baid, in a gentle tone. " Not as lively as common, miss," he answered " in consekence o' the confinement not bein' good for my 'e'lth." " None of your chaff," said the police officer. " Say what you have to say." And then, Btrange to say, the burglar brought forth from under his mattress a box, which he handed to the little girl. " One o' my wisitors brought 'em in to me this mornin'," he said. " I thought yer might as well hey 'em. I kep' 'em partly 'cos it was more con venienter, an' partly 'cos I took a fancy to yer. I've seed a many curi's things, sir," he Baid to Editha'b papa, "but never nothin' as bloomin' queer as that little kid a.comin' in an' tellin' me she won't 'urt me, nor yet won't scream, and E lease won't I burgle quietly so as to not disturb er mar. It brought my 'art in my mouth when first I see her, an' then, lor', how I larft. I almost made up my mind to give her things back to her afore I left, but I didn't quite do that—it was agin human natur'." But they were in the box now, and Editha was so glad to Bee them that she could scarcely speak for a few seconds. Then she thanked the burglar politely. " I am much obliged to you," she said, " and I'm really very sorry you are to be Bent so far away. lam sure papa would have tried to help you if he could, though he says he is afraid you would not do for an editor." The burglar closed one eye and made a very singular grimace at the police officer, who turned away suddenly aud did not look round until Editha had bidden her acquaintance good-bye. And even this was not quite all. A few weeks later, a box wan left for Editha by a very shabby queer-looking man, who quickly disappeared as soon as he had given it to the servant at the door; and in this box was a very large old-fashioned silver watch, almost as big as a turnip, and inside the lid were scratched these words: To the little Kid, From 'or f rend aud wel wisher, Lord halgeruon hod ward halbert de pentonwill, ids park, 