EP11I mmMkmm Efa^jliiifjlliiillpiii'1 1 1 ftiillfoi'^^il^ltJiiaiMM All the guests save his dear friend Berry having de parted, Six Henry produced his choicest cigar, lighted up, drew his seat closer to the table, filled a goblet to the biiro, elevated his wrist, worked his left eye, and gave expression to these memorable words, ?'Here's luck, if possible.' 'Ah! there's the difficulty,' jerked out the great Liberal leader M he followed our Chief's example by unrolling from a copy of the Age a rather attenuated Pickwick ana a DOX 01 COloniiU lUtttuuees. acll me, la there a ghost of a chance of something turning up? A good new gold-field, for instance, a regular Ballarater. would revive things a bit. You know, Sir Henry, in this enlightened age, when in all new countries industries and manufactures are fostered' ? 'Oh, do take a glass of wine. Graham, don't waste breath on me. A nice hash you've made of affairs.' ' Well, as you say, Henry call it what you will. But to return to the subject, the 6tock-tax. Now couldn't you, as I suggest, make its removal the basis of the settlement of that con founded border duty difficulty r' 'Make fiddlestick the basis ! Do you mean that clever proposi tion of yours which came first in the shape of a reprisal for our not opening our gates to your scabby sheep? 'Why, Graham, there must be some weakness about that wonderfully Bhaped cranium of yours. Do you think I could pos sibly make you a present of over £100,000 per annum? It won't do, old fellow.' 'Yes, I see there is a trifling obstacle in the way ; but, just consider, the mother-colony, you know, can afford to be liberal. Look at your over flowing Treasury, your ever-salable land, and all that; and your easy- going people.' 'Ah, there's the secret,1' jerked out Sir Henry, between the puffs. 'It's the easy pace which tells in thelong run. Your hoys have been forcing the running. Have another glass, Graham. Take my advice. Give in; turn free trader. Get rid of the talkers ; eschew the stump.' 'Come, old fellow, you know; none of that, 3-ou know, Henry, when it comes to 6tumping. Dash it! you hold a full hand. Nowi I'll pour into your ear that which no man in Victoria has heard— my future policy ! What ! asleep ? Here, rouse up. Good night.' And thus the worthy pair parted. The late Charles Lever, during one of his rambles through Ireland, put up for a night at a little roadside inn. When the servant entered with the tea, he noticed that her hand was trembling. 'Are you troubled with weakness, my doar ? ' asked the affable novelist. 'Bedad, yer honor, I am not,' explained ELdy ; ' the walcencss is not in me, it is inside the iaypot.' Mr. Daniel O'Connor ought to hunt up this anecdote for the lesson it conveys. The weakness is not in the causes he advocates : it lies in his manner of advocacy. The fifteen puzzle has of late been quite eclipsed by the Jerseys, which are among the latest novelties for ladies wear, the puzzle being, like the celebrated apple dumpling which so mystified Boyalty, how the deuco the fashionable wearers manage to get inside of such garments. But quite as interesting is the query -Why does a lady dressed in a ball costume of the day carry her kerchief in her hand ? The reply being, o* course, because she has no pocket to put it in. Such a state of affairs is, to say the least of it, incon venient. Where can a lady bo tightly clad carry her money ? It is Baid that a small purse is fitted to the ade of the shoe. Another problem, how is the shoe » he reached? The costume is so tied back that attwg or stooping is impossible. Here the ingenuity wtte costumier is shown, a small invisible aperture in and nT pe^te the *?» creature to elevate the foot, abstS;/71?^ ^e ^«htefit disarrangement, the ZeJjdSuJK b?^op of th* «™thern end of New ffw to *f a g^d story of his travels in the v^fT1 Ofle **&* ™th a settler's family 3d£mS* S167 .^ere_amazingly kind, but had a BKlJ? t ?vSSmg him- Ifc was feedin& time, Slot ^Jbeen *-»-*/ Hied, tutnot to* Joan's JoaTK; ^The, £°lce *at tad been forgotten. hoSjlI^ W^le; but to no effect-John was *£rJnT J*'6' At l«gtt she broke out, 'John, ^rd'sSme ffi* eTer ^''tand me ? Do give the aovedbl^fp10^^ deeply my spirit has been ™ by the Premier's recent reference to the ap. proaching death of Parliament. Sitting here in the soft, gracious light of a fair October day, I ought to be able to sing a clear, sunny song, but I am not. This is all my poor lips can utter :— On the top of yon hill is a singular House, That was built by a gent named Macquarie ; 'Tis tenanted only by rat and by mouse, Aavl hence I'm exceedingly sorry. I'm sorry to think that no more in its space Some voices I know of ?will thunder. The last it has seen of full many a face That used to awaken my wonder. My love for some items -who gabbled up there Was never a feeling Platonic ; And yet, out of sorrow, I'm pulling my hair, And posing like poet Byronic. The tears from my eyes are as swift as the rain That you get in a country that's tropic ; Because I am sure I shall never again Have Wollombi Joe fora topic. I know at my rhyming the critic will start ; But, ah ! what unmerciful ukase Is this which compels me for ever to part ?\Vith the great — with the globular Lucas 1 No more in this place is it certain at ail 'Will bounce the Northumberland bladder ; And Mac may return to the hammer and stall, A wiser young man and a sadder. There are others whose chances look dreadfully blue ; And I note, with a certain dejection, Thai Davie is up to his care in a stew, And has lost by his 'pitch' on Protection. New voices will sound in those halls that have known The tones of the fiery O'Connor ; New faces will shine where a Terry has shone, New men will succeed to their honour. But ah ! for the days that will never come back, And the wags who have furnished such pleasure '. My Joseph farewell, and my Dave, and my Mac ! No end has my sorrow — no measure. Can it be possible that man has ceased to regard fire as his enemy ? It would seem from the reports of the late extensive fire at Wagga Wagga that such is the feeling. ' The civilians, with few exceptions, re fused to assist the Fire Brigade ' In times gone by the mere tinkling of a fire alarm was eno' to set thousands to work. Is the wide spread of insurance responsible for the change ► A few years ago the English Fun had a cartoon wherein a merchant is aroused past midnight by one of his porters. ' Please, 6ir, the whole warehouse his afire.' ' Well, go to the Sun office. What the deuce do you mean in bothering me r' was the cool reply. Scarcely a week passes but a telegram from our own inner land, or from one or other of the sister States, informs us, curtly enough, that one of the swagman fraternity has muffled up his face in his dirty blanket and gone across the border; died, I mean— died as a dog, a sheep, or a bullock, inlightless miser y and thoughtless heathendom, even as he had lived. The Australian swagmen are creatures of such utter contempt or indifference to all domiciled beings that their life or death is hardly worthasecond thought. They claim our pity. He who affects to despise them makes pitiful acknowledgment of personal ignorance. The true bushman's life is larger than the life of the ordinary city worker in office, trade, or 6tore, as the mariner's life is greater than his who follows at the plough. Far out you find these old ironbarks, hard and brave, and strong and heathenish as ever were followers of Attila or Alaric. 'Gip' was one of the toughest I ever knew; and Gip's dying took place not many years ago, and its manner is fit to be placed on record. He had fenced all the Bummer in the Barwon Valley, rode 10 miles from water to his work every morning, and camped for dinner with a ' roley-poley ' stuck on his bar for a sunshade, and 130 degrees of solar heat above the roley-poley — ground hard as iron, and wire and tools hot enougli to make water fizz. His cheque came in autumn, and, finding few mates at the shanty, he had to drink it down, alone. He got mad the third day, and went out to find a man on the plains. Rain had fallen, and the -water stood level with the second -wire of his fence. He could not find that man; but came upon a sandhill, and camped three days in everlasting rain and without shelter. Gip saw* and knew by landmarks that he had 25 miles of four-feet water to go through to make the nearest shanty. He went through it, and I saw him in that shanty a week later. The water had nursed fever and fire within him ; the fire had consumed his strength, and he was nearer death than life. ' Gip,' said an old squatter, 'you will never finish that fence.' 'Won't I!' replied Gip, and declared in the name of all things holy that he would set it up inside that year. 'Why shouldn't I finish it?' 'Because you'll be wiped out, Gip. You're going to die ! ' 'What!' (and the emotion was of rage, not fear) Die r Me die ! You couldn't kill me with a ? Ameri- can axe.' He hardly finished the last syllable when bis jaw dropped, his breath rattled in the shrivelled organs of his throat, and he was dead. So hundreds die year by year. And who regards them r Recently certain New South Welshmen have pur chased the right to gather oysters upon certain rocks and shoals and banks of Queensland territory ; and certain Queensland scribes wax strong in irony and wrath regarding that purchase. They will not give us of their oysters. Nay, though their price be paid in the red red gold. We must say they are selfish, these Queensland scribes. We looked to them for better things. We thought that the luscious banana, the rapturous rum, and the creative bivalve had nurtured a noble race, free in impulse, generous of heart, and of bountiful disposition ; and lo ! we are overwhelmed in a foaming, seething torrent of abuse about a paltry oyster-bed. ' The oyster is the pro toplasm of brain, the primordial germ of genius,' they cry. ' Ah, though you are strong, be merciful, and steal not from us our brains.' We answer : 'The gods forbid this thing. Poor banana men, you need all your genius and aU your brains up there, and you need all the emollient virtues of all the oysters, and all the luscious softness of all the bananas, and all the vivifying, sparkling, blazing ardour of all the rum, to mollrf y the anger, and sweeten the rancour, and inspirit the sullenness of your present national life. Eat oysters abundantly, and may the blessed proto plasm germinate freely in you, and develop to large results of brotherly love. Amend your ways before you become a byword and a reproach even as ? Eschewing slander, we will name no names ; but learn to love each other as Sir] Henry loves Sir John, or a Riverina selector the revenues of the State. And keep your oysters — we will do without them.' ' Thank heaven, we have oysters of our own and, I firmly believe, a sufficiency of protoplasm, without any filch ing of Queensland oyster-beds. If I knew not that Mr F. Marshall the comedian's retirement would be a great loss to the dramatic pro fession, I would suggest, having seen his Our Mr Jenkins, in ' The Two Roses,' that ' drapery' is unmistakably his true line. The way in which he unstraps his portmanteau and proceeds to clear the table before entering on the work of displaying his samples stamps him as no novice ; but it is not until a roll of flannel and some ladies' hose are handled, that it is suggested to the audience Mr. Marshall must surely have served a term behind the counter. Simple though it may appear to the uninitiated, it take6 years of practice to enable ' a hand ' to fold a stocking in the way Mr. Marshall does it. In his Jenkins there's the true ' umpence-ha'penny ' smack, the ' Anythink else, mum t' ?♦ A small lot of remnants,' 'Well, some flannel,' and other attri butes of the trade. It only requires one more test, that of seeing Mr. Marshall use his thumb in measuring off a dozen yards of some material, to con vince one that he is a thorough knight of the yard stick. That worthy institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, I regret to think, requires saving from those who should be its best friends. The wrangling at its last annual meeting plainly appears as the smoke of fires which have long been smouldering. When a chairman makes up his mind to give his secretary a setting down, a general meeting is not the best occa sion to select. There are meetings of committee at THE PREMIERS DISCUSSING THEIR POLICIES. which all soiled linen may be washed, and the super abundant steam let off, without shocking or hurting the feelings of the public. Such platform j anglings as those of Monday justify the inquiry, ' How is it that the rulers of charitable institutions can be so un charitable r ' Drink, alcoholic drink, is such an abominable, intolerable, altogether detestable institution, that about 95 per cent, of us find it necessary to make close inspection of it — to examine, taste, and try, if only out of curiosity. It comes to us as original sin. Original sin must be fought, and drink must be con trolled. But while the world rolls, these world-old ordinations will endure. If the teetotal body believed that, they would not bother Ministers about rail way refreshment bars; they would acknowledge the necessity of drink, and try to make drinking as decent as possible; and even a P. 9. T.D. W.F. 2 Good Templar cannot find face to assert that drinking from a spirit flask in a railway carriage is more decent than from a well-built nobbier-glass in a public bar. ' This is how it affects me,' says Viator. 'I want a nip, and I know I can't get out and have one. There is a fellow in a Kilmarnock nightcap, with crimped side whiskers, right opposite me ; there is a venerable mother in the corner, and a demure damsel beside her. I pull out the flask ; and the change upon those faces is something to be remembered. Kilmar nock pulls his nightcap right down, that he may not behold the iniquity ; but I know by the working of his mouth that he is hankering. Mater moves her hands up and down and her head to right and left, and evidently says in her heart, 'Heaven forgive you.' Miss places the palms of her hands close together, opens her eyes wide, and as the mouth of the flask touches my lips emits an inexpressible sound between a sigh and a shriek. I tell you it is such fun that I get to enjoy it ; and the end of it is that in Wagga I want to take the girl to the parson, or the old lady to the play, and ask the stationmaster to come into the carriage and listen to something really good; and then a long policeman fishes me out from the cavity between the platform and the train, which I have imagined to be the backway to the Grape; and — well* IJfind myself in bed in the morning with a fellow driving a diamond drill into my head.' Mr. Zions is a candidate for the Manning electorate ; but there is nothing to show that the electorate is a candidate for Mr. Zions. Nevertheless, the surprising little gentleman is out ; and out he is likely to remain. Just now there are about a dozen patriots out for a peculiar up-country electorate. One of these gentle men recently wrote to another, asking him to run with him on the ' joint-steck ticket;' but Number Two didn't see it. His reply, in effect, amounted to this : ' I have quite enough brains for myself, but none to spare for you.' This was a delicate hint that his would-be partner Mas a conscious dunce ; and it reminds me of a good story of Scribe, lately re vived by Mr. Justin M'Carthy. An honest French bourgeois once wrote to Scribe, offering to pay him handsomely if Scribe would allow him (the bourgeois) to become a collaboratcur in some future drama. ' Scribe,' says Mr. M'Carthy, ' wrote back an angry ine or two, in -which he declared that it was not usual lto yoke together a horse and an ass. The bourgeois was equal to the occasion, and instantly dashed off a letter demanding indignantly how Scribe had dared to compare him to a horse.' It seems a pity that our insulted provincial friend did not 'strike ile' in some similar way. Somebody furnishes me with what he terms an authentic sketch of the conclusion of a Civil Service Examination in Victoria. The scene is laid in the office of a well-known professor : — Professor: ' Are you acquainted with. Riverina r ' Student; 'Yes, intimately.'1 Professor : ' For -what is it celebrated ? ' Student : ' The production of the strongest wool, and the longest law-suits in thewoTld.' Professor : ' Where is it situated ? ' Student (very promptly) : ' North of Melbourne.' Professor : ' Correct in every particular, (writes.) Certificate No. 1.' ' I again tell you, Miss Victoria,' said the well known politician, ' you must follow my directions. You are now adorned with a grand Exhibition. The eyes of the world are directed to your many charms. You must eclipse all your sisters, just as Cinderella of old. L'jt your first act be the extinguishment of that wool trade ef Miss New South Wales, that which makes such a damaging total each, year.' It was useless to protest, so on went the ex tinguisher, but here the smile unwreathed it self from the ?? a. P's.r countenance — that which is here depicted took place. Th fiv have got .n - L. i, ' 3J ... t lr-Ci? - H i '11.. llap.3 !/***»- ilw counts for the magnificent phraseology in which verdicts are returned whenever an inquest affords the Gosfordites an opportunity of airing their impressive vocabulary. However that may be, we cannot refrain from quoting; for our readers' edification and admiration, their latest verbal achievement. The jury which ' 6at ' upon the recent boat accident ' found ' as follows: — 'That George Lowson and Robert Judge (being with one child named William Boston) in a certain sailing boat out upon the waters of a certain estuary, known as the Broadwater of Gob ford, off and between Point Frederick and Peate's Point, it so happened that the said Lowson and. the said Judge, on the night of the 2nd October or early on the morning of the third day ef October, now instant, accidentally, casually, and by misfortune, fell out of the said boat into the said waters, and in the said waters were suffocated and drowned, of which said suffocation and drowning the said George Lowson and Robert Judge then and there instantly died, and. not otherwise.' The latest ' double event ' bet was made the othe day in one of the clubs of Sydney. Two to one taken that Trickctt is returned* for Paddington and Hanlan wine the boat race. 