AFTER THE BATTLE. TO THE EDIT0H OF TEE COCRIEIL SIB,—Eight winters iu this country, and a- participation.not inconsiderable in three, presidential campaigns, entitles even a nonnaturalised British- Australian to speak with authority about " Ways that are dark, and tricks that arc vain" in American politics. The Republicans, after twenty years' rule, were on their last legs this fall, having failed to do the one tiling that the leading thinkers of the nation desired, by renomma^ ting Grant. Blaine and a few others were' jealous of the ex-president, who towered above their best orations with the " Brilliant flash of silence" long sustained; aud by a combination of forces, the rival, dreaded by so many, was borne down at the Lupcrcalia; the place so much desired by a score at least of capable men l>eiug absolutely forced upon a modest aud retiring gentleman, General Garfield, in spite of his repeated refusals to be nominated. The Democrats, tricked out in their war paiut, would have made Ulysses their head sachem, but such braves were not to his mind; so they -fell back upon Hancock, the general who did not save Gettysburgh, and the four-yearly saturnalia, "Pull devil,, pull baker," began. The men who nominated Grant—such orators aud managers as Itcscoc Conkling,General Logan, Emery 8tcrrs, an da few others—had the game in tlicir liands. There was no need for them to join tlie Volscians, to flutter the dovecotes in Corioli. They needed only to ha ve sulked in their tents, and the Republicans must have been beaten; but, with a loyalty that could cot be impeached, they w heeled Into line with the very men who had intrigued against and abused them, and following the lead of Grant, the cx-tauuer of Galena, they fought like Trojans to elect the canal towpath boy President. The battle was thus evened up, and the chances hardly favored any party. A new factor now came into operation—a ghost raised by the ever-blundering Democrats. Influenced by the Cobden Club and their scribe Augustus Mongredien, the Democratic party, in their convention at Cincinatti inserted this line, or plank, in their platform.-—" A tariff for revenue only." It varied from former declarations in like documents of the party only in being a more sententious reiteration of -the principle of socalled " free-trade," published by the secessionists in their constitution, when Lincoln was elected. Issue had not been joined by tlie respective parties on that question, when Grant distanced Johnson and Greeley, or when Hayes was seated instead of Tilden, because the old war memories sufficed to make a majority " vote as they shot." Times had changed, and Dew elements were required to give to the party of the people, and of the North especially, chance to remain in power. There was an Industrial League of America formed in this city of Chicago, helped by an 1 Australian editor, resident here, and the league -carried the war into Africa with singular emphasis. The story of the tariff in Victoria was told with force and effect, and the working classes were invited to consider tlie fiscal legislation of their own land, with its records of disaster following every approach to so- called "free-trade." The merest tyro can handle the subject, and- produce conviction in the mjndR of the unprejudiced, It is like walking on a well-made road, witii finger-posts and directions calling attention to the bleached bones of the unwise, who have left the gradual ascent, to venture on declivities and abysses on cither side -of the trick. The tariff brought life into the contest, and, iu October—one month before the Presidential vote could he cast—three States held their local, or domestic, elections. One State. (Indiana) never failed to go Democratic until this year; and tremendous -efforts;; were made to carry a stronger ballot than ever for that party;- but protection• -swayed the' people, as a strong wind bands the grain, and the Bcpublican party, as representing the policy of fostering American industries, registered a decisive preliminary victory. Ohio rolled up an immense majority,'- and even Virginia, a large Southern state, showed large Republican gains. -Wherever >tiie Sght was made on protection pure and simple a victory was secured... Jfew York, always de- mocratic, rauged herself with the protectionist party for Garfield and the Republicans; the state outvoting the city <on that issue, and making-the North solid for the policy that we uphold. Unable to meet the' arguments of the Industrial League, the Democrats tried to demolish Garfield, by fulminating against him charges of corruption, such as caused Schuyler Colfax to retire from office years ago; but no man outside the ranks of that party heeded their ribald words. At their wits' ends, and desperate, aa infamous device was concocted, Garfield's writing was forged to make it appear that he favored the Chinese as competitors witfi Caucasian labor, and as soon as one false declaration was' dashed into fragments, other- perjurers were suborned to sustain the iniquitous Accusation until after the November ballot. Never has this rarantry seen a party more completely routed than the Democrats have •been, and it is «hcer hatefnlncss—a dislike to'be quiet even after Hiey are dead, biiried,. and their foul robes incinerated—that keeps tiipm howl ing '',fiaad^.-,whca Ihcy know that the Northern states have moved upon their wo&S;/15ke ! tAc Men, because they had. ^teasorKib"le.Iear. jc>f a policy (four j . times .. tried _ ... -iii the history of this' natitn, and every time _ 'cwnmerciai sanies, • a.ud-rtfisayfrjrn, — t -iall Imt.^imiirersal over- "whehmng.' - Victoria is BOW the of flie Airtralian cakgfe and j r t i b torile-wai inSko ? fttmpitomdly prOtoetive m'tnclongtim.— r vember, 1880. " - - 1 ? 