pt^l6r8rtjttptttt$. The Mlawme tsknams from Beater's agency ate pnhuahed m the southern presa. but through ^aomT aadveetasoe wnTnot forwarded to ns in due conns by wire.— ?? London, December 16.— It is reportel, on what a believed to be good snttorSy, that a nnamJbas arisnu Ulwasi the Oaar and Has Ciioiiwilili. InDrdertoaBayexistineaaita- . am in Bnssia the Cesarewitch demuaedtnataW a lansfiiiiiiusi be granted on she bans -^m those in other ^Muntries. lie Cnwr^ refaanl this demand, and hence the auaneL London, December 17— The Higk Courtbus aanteiawzitof ant in she ease of Ortou, J_y»lllM»mi. Iii ? I upon the ascaban rained m tanbebau wfataher she Canrt was empowered to pms two ssnteaom for she same oBence.' A rsxrriDF fans been mnnersnslyaned far pn rrntsl iisi to the Municipal ConacC asking east water be laid to ti»resiaenees on Atbef stane Banes. lbs BMistaw of assat of the IvuseoaUers on the flange appear to be attached to sue rinimmim. but we far shun ? Usle chance of its payer Waj snuted fat some time to «W «S Bamje' wrtmdi over a laras area, and Che dweBingBUpsnit an goasmBy few and Sar between. fed the petilaoB ban confined to aerxaat IsMlilini -m the Basse where she ?nuaesare grouped tBgetBerand in talerably time amxmnty to the enatiog water snarnn, there would have bm a better chance of its rseemng favanxabk oiinsideralns than isita nesmt vague and general focm. However, the Counaf need not net tbe petstian mwk heeanse it asks move Chan can poasblr be granted, and they may null iisiidii whether they can nmertake aay pntma of the deued ^itwmiisM. We believe that Be supply of water pipe* has nmoutand the Water Account is overdrawn. These are difficulties of a serious kind; at31 the exten snm of the water supply ia as extruaety desirable that we trust the Council waV we able to see their way to make another move for ward m this dhxctkm. TbenetilianeapeciBlly points ost she aavitabai^ nl Uymg^anOe. water to tbe BoUaic «3ardeo»; —A Uds recBnmjendatiao wt heartily oonceria. Tbe late spell of hot dry weasner did gnat injury to the Gatdeim, and their c«m|aeteBua«to hotosiesl purnouaj cannot be aamred met every ooBv«rienc7B provided for watedw, and this coud proUbly he most Viadnv e&etel; by a snabTdnset Emm the nsetvmr on Governor's Hnt, provided a nvesae ojuM b(derived from it to pay interest on its coat Bat there's the rab. PowSy tile Gacden Trustees would be prepared to enter into a special arrangement with the Carpomsun far she payment of ? certain sum annually in cooperation of the water being laid on; and a number of private nndeucei migbt be served -x roafe The pnmassl is anelntitlad tothemostfavooxableeonaideratian. b. aooD bE^nmsg mm been made wo* the erection of the newCbnxhof St EaaTB. Mr. G. Saudeaon, the esntaactor tor the stsue work, has been bnsy wish Ins menainosthe lUa December, and atesdy progress baa been made. At present a wuvanWafei psrlasaof the hme coume is laid, comprising that of the whole trantage, the dance!, and part of Oe western waDa. The base course is coamused of Stanwen freestone, cut and dressed,' ami has a very handsome uppeatanee. The joints hare all been sawn, which ensures aa even joining and displays good workmanship. Axoundthe whole foundation, and beneath the base course, ran two parallel iron bands two mcbes wide by a quarter inch thick, she object rf which i« to rm»ent cracking in the Mils should tbe foundation by proVmged dry or wet weather yield at any particular point OfcouiKthereailmblnUnWd of imTn occurrence, but it is w*B thai aD pneantiaaa should be taken, espedaUy when tbe extra expense is so trifling. In a portion of the chined wall two courses of stone are already ' laid, which give the observer an idea what the exterior of the building wul be like. The atone fa cut only six inches deep, thus pteauit ing a Ught appearance. When the jotnta are pointed with Roman or Portland cement, the effect to the eye will be very pleasing, com bining both ornament and solidity. Tbe BanweD stone, of which the bnfldini wffi be composed, looks as bandsome as the best Sydney Sreeetaoe, and St. Paul's Church wffl . probably be the precursor of hundreds of *. other large and handsome atrnetnrea which _^ the next twenty yean may see erected in' Bockhampbm. There is, we are assured, as tbe Stanwen quarries, an unlimited supply of this fine atone, and doubtfess a beginning only leamrea to be made by merchante saJcapitalmta to ensure a rapid suceemionof edifice. coostodBd of Una material. lbs sand used tor the mortar is obtained from Mr. JOShanesy'spUce at Tea«ifc Creek. The cost is asmewbat greater Chan 2 it were obtmned {mm a leaser datanee, but the quality of the ssnd a of the beat ,- and pro bably, g greater rndnrnnmts wars oftewTby decneasedraaway carriage, it would be much more extensively used m town. Tbe new church pransns to be a — Wartfrl and handsome structure, and wffl therefore redeem tbe name of tbe town fentherepctatisaot basing the wwtMookmg abonh haldmgs of any town in Qaemnwmu inmmmdmntotba mbabitauta. Mr. I. W. wSaan, anbibset, has, we bear, been chosen to supariwtead tVe briber |sngr« of the boao^a^ saw that ICr. at fisarr has left far Melbourne. The actUiag for the Christmas Annul Bacea took plaeeat the Bom and Shamrock 3s9 14..; Mr'w~Lunn, £3818*.; Meant Botherford Brothers, £28 ISs.; Mr. a slash, £19 1 On; Mr. a Henderson, £* 15s.; Mr. T. M'AI|lm.*3Ss. Total, £215. The public are informed by announcement ffnrt— ting from tbe Treasury Department Oat bom and after January 1, the issue of one penny to oae thflUnft, and the present omtystaiiraerromtwiosbnimgB upwards, will in Mare be the only stamps uwaed, and each ill uwninaHmi wfll be available to Ike foU extent of its nominal nine tor all purposes tor which separate stamps have hitherto been r*amred. k Tnewnanl Oaxtte notifies to depoaitoBi L-theGovernraent Saving! Bank that sppli *«Bn.hc«e withdrawal* deposits caaMt be received between 1st and 9th January asdasive. during which time the Bead Omce «ffi bedosed far the purpose of preparing the Annual Saving Bank Aeesaa^ Mfcepiaitt win, Isssjiihji, be received as usual during Che above time. Attention is also directed to ifcs fact that pass books must be sent to the Treasury before January 31, in order tint interest may be entered. A UK named Charles Smith Ms arrested on Tuesday afternoon, at the Prince of Wales Hotel, by Detective dark on a charge*, vagrancy, sad lodged in the lock-unTil* definqoest win be T*r-ugut before 0k Police Magistrate tma morning. There have been mam eompuuats lately of capper coma ?wvcko. ovbt. Imavvuic ikcb 'paMTtad id Cbc fawn ar^ontherjartiiaAetpablicaoainparticaiar being the victims an* tbe ferrymen also getting their share of the branmnam. firms Mmntun m posaasam of UsTpKiee it is ssmnsed that Smith, wbo ha* been nry assiduous of late weening a doubtful recipe tordeetroplatiag, is coonected wfanrttering ofafartuight additaonliUgfatwai betmnwn on the subject* In accordance with time-bonoured eastern foflowing the festival of St John, the brethren of the Leichhardt Hasonie Lodge met to gether in tbe Creeamseus' OulGaatBtreet, on Monday evening, for tbe purpose of spend ing a aoeial time in the mumer appertaining to tbe craft. Visitors from tbe Comet, Peak Burnt, sod other lodge* were present. Tbe Worshipful Blester. Brother Cook, occupied the chair, and was supported on both sides by Pwt-Masten, Jackson, Boyd, Jehwbn, and Bones, there beingarjnmerons attendance. A Messing having been naked by tbeChaplsin, tbe delicacies of the season, provided in pro Euwm by Brother Wedey, received ample justice. The W.M. then proceeded toTiV pose the vsriona loyal anS masonic toasts, namely. '?The Queen,' 'The Prince of Wales,' 'The Grand Master of Ike Craft,' and ' TheThrsc Grand Lodges. ' Eachfssst was euit^ys**n8wkd^ with the OTStomary hononra audaably responded to. Tbe re foaiM-, interspersed wi(Ji music and songs rendered eSoentiy by tbe brethren, and tbe proceedings were brought to s casssnaion about mjdniebt, tbe sash- having been of a tiumaghly enjoyable and social character. A nrmnaum in the Courier dated Cook tewa. December 21, states Oat the Eer. Mr. Chalmers reports bavins visited the eastern end of New Guinea, where be found the natives fighting- At Cloudy Bay, the scene of the massacre on board the Pride of the Lagan, mere was no appearance of the natives, amfoaly the remains of the village and plantation, were found. It is supposed that H. M. 6. Bade had recently visited the place and punished the natives. Daring his western trip round a portion of the Papuan Gulf Mr. Chalmers found the coast elevated and thickly «roooed. Tbe natives were muneroos, and used pautoned weapons. Several fine rivers were discovered, and it waa ascertained that the Port Moresby natives periodically visited these localities for trading purposes, making long voyages in their open canoes. TbeChmeae junk Wong Sing re potted tile kas of her foremast during tbe passage from Cooktown, bat she had arrived istely in the China Straits and had eom mencednmnac. The weather waa fine. Venous to the Botanic Gardens may see the effects of a stroke of lightning which occurred oa Boxing Day, and which will give tiiem some faint idea of the terrific force exerted by an explosion of electricity. Be tween eleven and twelve o'clock on that day a thunderclap of extraordinary violence was heard in the neighbourhood of the Gardens. Mr. J. K. Edgar describee the aeaatron as if his house had been lifted on a wave sUghUy from the ground, and Mr. and lbs- Stanley BUI, standing on the rerxalafc M their house on the Bange, felt a distract shack of electricity. Mr. Edgar felt Oat nmeUung nnmnal had, occurred, and some time afterwards be came across the evidences of the electric discharge. A large dead tree, in bVe Garden Beserve. that stood aboat forty feat high, was snapped off about eUU or ten feet from the ground. Dr. CaUaghan, who visited the place eubeeqoonUy, and nrinuidy inspected the teee. found a piece of wood eight or tea pounds weight at a distance of eiguty seven yards from the stump, and exactly in the opposite direction a piece somewhat heavier «u found about one hundred yards sway. The upper portion of the trunk was split and lying in opposite directions, and at a great distinf off were faumljneces of the tree a* fine as matchwood. The wood was dry and crem-grained, but these obstadu were as nothing to the lightning, which edit it up in the most effectual manner. The electric sfl'*^i ip v f^^^'llf fin* earth, imde x deep gash in the stamp of the tree. Those who have the time and iacunatiou may mtisty a praiaewortny cariosity by an inspection of tbe scene of this latest. jMmrv Jvrt*. The barque City of Aberdeen, SGB tans, commanded by Captain Eraser, arrived in ^ppel Bay on Uomiajattningfimn Lsadon, grcranmaage of HI days from Ctxvesead. Sbe bnngs aTarge general cargo, and comes to tbe agency of Jtasrs. Walter Bad and Co. TkrBflewiTaatwtOaaateof the gad instant containi, tbe sallowiiig appointments and aeti ficatiimar-Aareehteeez to be an bosarary Cnmmissiisii i to represent Qaeenstaad at the %daey btaraalisnal Exhibrtior.; Thocoas Hatfiekt, nappomted, ia to be poaadkeeper at St Lasnnee; Emerald to beT^heetor boWing Cosrt. of Petty Sessions. The fol lowing bads arc open Cor sdedwn on and after January 39 :— At Ctermont Land Omce: 1IS6 am, at 15s. per am. being portion Ko. 42, (arish of Worn, on Langton iDows. ran. Tenden are invited by tbe Works Department, ap to January 16, for addition to the Post Office, BocUssamtau. We learn from the Brisbane papers Oat the tender of Messrs. Cofab aad Co. for a weekly coach man service between Cosktown and Maytown during the year 1880 for a subsidy -rf £2000, has bLn accepted by tbe Gover/ meot. U now appears that there wfll be an inarmed number of coach nail semeee under tbe new nnangements coming into farce on the 1st Jaauary next, whOe the total cast will show a aavingof several thousands of ponads, ascoumared with tbe osacfa amaunt paid for subsidies for the current year. Tm traffic earnings on the Central Railway for the week endedDecember 13, amounted to £28«fe.4A, showing, as compared with the cacrwswnwmg period of last vest, aa increase of £872 8*. SaTThere waa an increase of S3 4s. 9d. |m fares, «St Is. in the receipts tar goods and stasfe&nd; a decrease of £22 I7s. ia the parcels reonpta. The traffic eatning.00 the Ssatsera and Western BaBway far the above period, mummtnl to «*627 12s. 3d, showing, as compared with tbe correspottdmg week of last year, an mTTfasr of £3 14e. 111. The totalreaeiptE for the year up to date ajBrB-Cestral line, £51,512 Us. Sd.; decrease, £3839 IU. id. Sonthem and Western line, £l«6,03S5a. lOd.; decrease, £14,383 18s. 3d. ' Ik our Brisbane telegrams is — ~-~~J toe safe arrival of the Premier m Scot land. This mtrniffw waa received by the Colonial Secretary by cable message dated from Avr on the 23rd December. Mr. ifB wraith left Brisbane en tbe 3rd October last for the United Kingdom, via Sydney and San Francisco. Tbe tap, indndiat; a stay of some weeks in tbe States, has therefore only occu pied eighty-eight days from Brisbane. Mr. M'llmitii will not have much idle time on hie hands, with the negotiation of the fart instalment of the three million loan and tbe investigation be proposes making into the working of tie Queensland Emigration Office in London and its nwdtjfarioira agencies, as in order to return to tibe colony for tbe opening of Parliament in May he wfll save toleave' the mother country not later than March next. It is pleasing to bear that tbe late rains have had a very bfnriifial effect upon the country in the neighbourhood of the town. In the StauweU district, though the grass baa been very fair throughout tbe season in spite of bush fires, there is now shsndint verdure, as wfS as a good supply of water. Tbe chief crop now in the ground in that district is ?naue, but it is a pity (bat the rain did not come soon enough to ensure anything like a remunerative harvest. 7ne early crop is now being gathered, but the cobs are dwarfed, and the prospects were in many eases as poor that &e; maize was cat for greett foamK. It has been tbe experience of oar informant that the early maize crop in tbe neighbourhood of the town cannot be depended on. Planting in November is much more likely to be' re-, warded with success, ss the rains of the wet season help the plant at the cobbing, the time when moisture is a necessity. Tbe late dry weather haseaahW the farmers to put their land in order for English potatoes, which wul be planted next month. Tbe Melbourne Argue publishes the follow ing English telegrams :— ' London, December m. Aaotiier plot has been discovered to as sassinate the Emperor of Enssia. After the failure of the attempt at Moscow the Emperor receired a letter stating that it was the inten tion to destroy the Winter Palace at St. Petersburg if he would not establish s National Assembly. Afterwards a man wm- arrested at his lodgings close, to the palace, and in his poBBessum were found 15,000 papers, beinf copies of Nihilist prodamatiorjs ; also several revolvers, explosives, and electric batteries, besides a complete pbin of the palace. He has coutinoed and disastrous floods in Hungary have destroyed aeveral villages, and rendered some I0,fl00 persons homeless and destitute. Hundreds are messing, and are supposed to have perished. The troops are assisting the Government in relieving the unfortunate survivors. Persia is »»»»fo»£ a anianoc to the European Powers to protest against the threatened violation of territory by Bassia in advancing beyond tbe Attrek.' Tbe tea meeting held last Monday in con nection with the opening of the Primitive Methodist Church at North Rocthmpton was Urge!; attended. The Ftaroy-street choir were in attendance, and greatly assisted to make tije meeting interesting. The pro riakam for the tea were gratmtowalv supped by the ladies of the con frregstaaa, and the spread was abundant and of the best descriptraa. When the tames were cleared, Mr. Wm. Allen was called to the chair, and theBev. J. Speace offered prayer. The Bev. J. Wabaajs read a financial statement, from which it appears that about £80 baa been realised from various sources. Bev. 3. Cameron next addressed the meetiag, and waa «lowed by the Bev. B. Hartley. wben tbe collection was made. Bev. J. Spence then addressed the mediae, which was brought to a dose by the usual votes of thanks, (gaging the doxology, and the bene Tnr npsini siiiinsiii iimaniliiai aillitln Primitive Methodist Charch at Sarth Eocfc bamnton were largely atluiiluil mat Sund»T. TheBev. B. Hartley Breached is tbe after aaon, and tbe Bev. 3. Wahmms in tbe evtsaag, taam- diasonxsesbenSKSntabletotheday. To ingbta public tea meeting wffl be add, the proeeediaga commeaemg at 6-30. Addresses by ministers and other gentlemen srffl be green. The P. D. Triernvm understands that a reply was received ea Wednesday -24th) from the Minister far Works, pgntiiig^ request have u wire rope and cage at the 1 1 imisr of SaadyCreek, OB tbe Cserama* and Emerald Downs Bead, about three aaoes from town. TmswiBbeatMon in the wet ? rials, wben the creek is up.— Tbe asase paper says the Asamaeamil arrived in Cknaont on the 24th on pack-bones, the coach having met with xserioa mishap oa tbe road. The particulars had net transpired, but it seems that % some meamToTstfaer the hanss bolted, the driver was thrown from his seat, and the oaaeh overturned and was lunsiilnilay iiatiiinajgBil. LnckJly there wtane 00 pmkbzcsb* *jc tbe smCcisisBst ?ngnt btvvc dbks anutaupfi ?oimtL Ok Saturday, at high noon, the brethren of the mystic craft met mtfce Masonic HaS, East afateet, to csmmemarato the feast of f*. John the Divine. After the primary business was completed, the oncers for the ensuing year were chosen and installed. Brother E. BoDessctmtfaslMtaniag Master. Tbe fol lowing are the newly elected officers :— Wor- shipful Malta-, Waiter Cook ; Senior Warden, T. S.Perkins; Junior Warden, Bobert Abra ham; Senior Deacon. B. HEs ; Junior Deacon, E. B. Moyie ; Inner Guard, PUap Downer: Secretary, E. Bones; Treasurer, W. Peane. Brother Cnas. Snow was chosen to octss Outer Guard. The Worshipful Mister elect, according to eastern, wul entertain his brethren at a banquet, which wffl be held this evening. There was a fall aWraflaiire of members of tie Leichhardt Lodge and vant We understand that some of Mrs. Bridson's psuuis, during last week, |atatii1.Ml that lady with a aumcuit, consisting ot a handsome asrer locket, chain, and bracelet, in recognition of tbe assiduous and able manner uTwhich die has devoted herself to tbeir advancement in their musical studies. Tbe presentation was accompanied byanaddress, which is as follows :— ' We, the nudersigaed, afcwof yourpopus, in senong yoathecom pbmeats ef the in inon. wish to convey, m a more tangible farm than words, a token of our btgn apprecaafenof your ahflriieB which were placed at ouruWmsal durmg the time we were under vour tuition: The souvenir herewith enclosed is sent as a token of our smcere regard for you as a friend, sad we trust that you maybe soared toareartbem; and wben years isl linn have raged along it mayreeaD your remembrance to the heartfelt good wishes of year pupils st BoeUnmpton. Wishinc yon *A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.' we are, tec' [Nineteen sjgnatares follow.) ? A cOBSESFOTDCSTof the 7W», tHegri)il»iug from Simla, on the Sad November, says it was rumoured that a body of tribesmen over Sim stew, under me Mahomet Jan, bad eeituxtei to oppose the movements ordered by General Boberts to secure tbe safety of the convoys ea rvutr from India to CabuL The rumour which, ft is added, had not been confirmed, 'need not cause anxiety, as, with a strong force at both ends of tbe passes, we can essay sweep away all oppaaitian.' This Msbomet Jan n clearly the personage who afterwards led tbe 10,090 Afghans against the body of troops on their march to assist Generals Maepberson and Baker, in punishing the tribes who had attacked tbe envoys. The movement of which be was the leader turned out to be a more formidable affair than was anticipated, and has, in fact, resulted m a general rising of the tribes around CsbnL The same correspondent, referring; to the murderous outrage upon tbe British Resi dency, says it is not true, as was generally be lieved, that the attack was made by the regi ments seat from Herat. The fact is, that the regiments is question, as reported at tbe time, had long been dismissed to their bomes. The mutineers were three of the six regiments of the Ameers body-guard, tbe other three so called Highlanders having been recently sent to GbazaL They were raised by £&ere; Ali from the country i—~J~--ly around CabuL Some thne ' before the mutiny they bad informed Yakoob Khan of their intention in future to elect theii Tiaii «^nerah— they were, in fact, becoming a prctorian guard. Thesix remaining Cabuu regiments at Herat are said to have deserted with tbeir arms and dis persed in small bodies to their homes, after the unsuccessful attempt to induce Ayoob to lead them against Caaaafaar. We regret to lesm from Messrs. Jackson and Maepberson, agents for the Bertie, barque, that the negotiatiom- opened by Mr. ByeHey, with a view to hare the FStowr bridge material on board that vessel landed here before she proceeds on her voyage to Townsrnle, have fauea tbroagfc. It appears that the Townsvffle cargo consists of measure* ?nest goods and not raHway iron, as prerionaty reported, and forms the ttpper'rjartion of tbe cargo. In order to dischsrse the bridge material at once, it would therefore have been necessary to send en tbe eomsgnmeuts for TownsvAe by another vesseL Proposals wits this object in vie* were made to Captain Daniels, but it is understood they were of such a nature that; be did not feel justified in the interests of the ehip-owBen m acnedmg to them. This is exceedingly snnoymcto Mr. Byerley. and the fa-finj w« be largely shared by the people of Bocfcbampton. -who have been patiently waiting for the csuspletion of the faridee and the faculties f m traafc wmch itwfflaftbrdtrxi»dnc. The Bertie was 178 days in the passage from Liverpool to Eenpel B*y. where she pat in oa tbe 2*0. msUat, abort u iRsw provitMU and tjntcr. Dm lestmatien oy the charter party being Tewas rifie and BwHyiarph-n— not RfT-^-yirf*— md TowBsvnle— she has new to go to TMraa riTJe. discharge the eano for that pest, and then return to Keppellay aad diacaane tbe cargo for Bcckaaaopton. The result wffl fce a hrtaer delay of the bridge works of abort three norths, tbe very stow movements of the Bertie hstsjerte grring IrtOe hope of herdeBvoringOie bridxe inn in less time than we havTndi vorks «r£EI in the iM-nli'l--' be arboBy «r partiany aaspended, and the capital I is-.i-dfrl an the straeture wul remain unsroaiietive, sfaast the expenditure wfll from the same -auae he considerably augmBHted. There D-saart IK BPsammmmu4geaDeDt utODlaVlsVllUII- HI COB section with these ahipmrnte of bridge snserial, and we trust that full inquiry wBl be made into the matter. Tbe Bertie has on board in addition to tbe bridge iron, aeversl ausngameats of goads to private firms in ttna town. Tim news from Gabul is very re-sasaring, ?m aeb at rest tbe sMSehetanona wsnen ex Isted regarding the abBHy of the Britist to lefead UataumJi»« aad ?»-?'-«»'' their aseend mcy in a«,i....;.i... General Boberts re ?ceupied Cabuloa. Thuradsy («&!, having enemy. It weald appear from our t-Jt^iiiiii that an attack in strong force was made upon tbe British position at Shu-pur, but it was itpulstd so decisively tint General Boberts was enabled to re-occupy tbe city and make British rngat-imr asais paramount. It is not stated m what manner the Afghan attack was made, and all we know is that seme hard figbti«g took place, ia wMch the British lorn was five killed and thirrj srounded. The Afghan loss is Bet mentioned, but it sffrrfr h*'** **f-*' -— -*--i'-.^--trsrsr to nmar thr complete rout of the enemy, ^be kLsdero in the risme nnfortanstely escaped, and are free to join in another outbreak should areum stxnces furnish tbe opportunity. General Hagh Goazh arrived on the ground on tbe 2*th ultimo, and probably assisted to make tbe defeat of the enemy sharp and decisive, but The Afghans are not likely to be able to rally their forces in time to cause any farther in terruption of commimicaljon, as the con centration of troops at flsndimak wfD shortly be completed, and effective mea sures taken to keep open tbe road from Ehyher to CafauL This wiD apparently be tbe bt*ti line of -???'?'??TTi?i~*t^ii7n dmiiar the winter, tbe Shutargardan having already been abandoned in consequence of the aenailr of Ok climate en that route. A diplomatic difficulty has arisen in Turkey, an arrest having bebmade by order of the Porte of one Mottah for *— ~i--^-g the English Bible into the Turkish language. This interference witil religious liberty is cuntrai) to Hie terms of the Berlin Treaty and Angio- TurJdsh Con vention, and Mr. Layard has threatened to suspend diplomatic relations unless Mottah ia released from custody. The Taritish autho rities, although at first inclined to lend a deaf ear to the ambassadors remonstrances, will be sure to yield under jjieswiie, and no great trouble need be apprehended over this Bute Tax Pceuc Haix at Buckxu.— This build ing is now approaching completiou (ssys the W. Champiom), and win he ready to open about? tbe second week in January. The Directors have purchased a hamlsomL aani graad piano by Aschereerg, which will be used st the opening concert and dramatic entertainment to be given daring the xace week. Tee MooKim: GiKG.— The Etmmg Kaca ssys of tbe MoonKte gang, when apprised that the Full Court had sustained then- ctsrrietian : —'Scott, who seemed yesterday morning to be confident Slat a new trial would be . granted, was nervous and restless towardsS^ this afternoon, and continued somewhat » excited t31 he received the fatal intelngenee ***. tihat the points raised in his favour bad failed. He showed much Ji»w'«*»tTiM'tj and fell into a dejected state, but shortly afterwards resumed his usual demeanour of outward calm, and appears to be rveparing for bis approaching fate, knowing that there is little mercy in this wond tor riTm He nas apparently abandoned an hope, except that desperate dinging to tbe chance «f something imexnccted turning up at the last moment which Imgers in an human breasts as long as life cociinttes. The other prisoners received the news without any outward - I |m jwionff oi feeling, though rt was evident tint they mastered then- disappointment with some difficulty. They are buoyed up, however, with the hope that then- lives will be spared, although they are' quite preparad for lengthy terms of penal servitude. vtmsBUEt seems overcome wifh emotion after the visits of his ststec, and these ufeerviews ave tci^ affec&ng-; Ko one comes to visit Bennett, who is apparently the most unconcerned of a!L The three are Boost attentive to the mmistratiorjs of tbe Bev. Canon Bich. Bogan receives the spiritual eansalstioBS of Father Bras aad the Sisters of *Merey, who are afeiduou? in their attentions upon the doomed man. Nothing whatever can be ascertained of tbe rirevions. history of this prisoner. He rexDams obstinately siknt as to his parentagr artd where be comes from. It is -*tar that be has given a false name, and th-i ms statement that be comes from the Murrmabidgec is cat bue. Inquiries have been set 00 foot, both in this colony and Victoria but arthougli the the police nethna£eaa be ascertained relating to ius past esraer . Tbere is a young asm of aboat the same age. belonging tn a respeetatae family at BaBarat, smssmg. Tbr father for warded a portrait of tbtmusn^ man to the aatboritiea ben, with a view of ascertxannc; if he uusamjd to tbe description of Bofjsn. but trns was found not to be the case :— (Tesegrams of later date state that the euitmu. of WsOiams and BenBett have been commuted to imrtjanrnent for Be.— Ed. X.B. ,? Focxd Drowned.— Oar (Western Cham peon) readers win remember about seven irnmtfan ago two men while crossing &e; Thompson River were drowned. Mr. J. Fnllerton, writing from Ketreat Station nnder date December 5. says that he has just found the remains of W. Taylor and Kelly, in one of the Cooper's Creek channels, and thai he boned them dose to where they wen drowned. Fbox Stdset to Heisogiutc et Bah-— 'Hie Ba3* ay from Wagga Wjgga to Al Uory,1* says tie Sydturg Doily Telegraph, ' will be Szusbed by the end of next year, and the greater part of the line will be available for traffic much sooner. It is proposed to open the line as Ear as tiie Hanging-rock, eighteen nnles from Wagga. Wagga, m March next, *nd in Jane it will probably be completed as fax as rcflfckqrc which is forty-nine miles from Warn Wagga. By the time the VfpThonmp Exhibition opens, or at aB events when the next Uelboanie Cop carnival takes {dace, it is 'ttp-^H that the gap between the railway systems of tbe two coteries will be reduced to twenty miles, Jerogery being the temporary metalled road from that place to Albnry, the short coach journey, ?Turt^-uj of being burden some, w3I be latbet a relief, especially as it will not occupy more than a ample of hoars.' 'Souheeotg' Hobses.— A cool attempt to take away a couple of horses was made (says the Western Clianpion of the 20tb December) by a man. named Daley this week at Hacfcall. f^ \a\^fTt\fn had tifiyh*^ up his nazs at tiie live and Let live Hotel, while he went inside for M|*-TP*t'a' ' tl ^Jhf. ffK^m^afiw Daley jnBBed on fiie sfuf^if* horse, and. 1****l*np flw» other, rode away. In an honr the police were j**f*$*npit of the «»if»inT»cfa»w»-_ and Con stable Byrne with ptaisewoHhypromptitnde was soon, on the tacks of the horses, and faai»pd rtit»m to Daisy's camp. The *'^n was bEonght op at the Police Court next morning and convicted. Mr. ^a^^ng said that these There was so dooJbt ffra* several horses had hwffi taken in riyiw manner, and. after the thief tad got tie horses clear away they were sold in aaotiier part of the country. The saddle KaJ Ihti foond iifi tfa* camp of tire prisons', and tfae horses being hobbled and betted was presmnntxTc evidence tfaattheft was intended. hjr fir***^ the pfftsffywy £10, or six months'' nnposooment. laisff Asse5*ee L&kbuibdb.; — Many Irish landlords, says Begnalds* Journal, when they leave the imm««*fe. precincte of their hearths and homes, are not certain they will ever retain to them alive. This state of terrorism cannot endure w'^ Inifcyr.. One 1^i'ig Boons very certain, and that is, the jnjj-T them selves are taking the matter in Their own hands, with both a wnl and a vengeance. TpvMifarlinwp jn. Kftg*«^ is bad enough j bat mbeiaiid, where it is comfaiod witt absentee ism, it is itrtoIeiaMfi. The luge majority of ¥wJjf«n«n» who have trw-TH** landffl estates xn Ireland «fftM-»n or never visit ^Jy**' One. for instance, wfao *?*aT'vPft an iocoixte of some Himp liTrf* sixty Huywgayifl per *'i-iih11. is absolutely unknown to his tenant', Bat yltiflft: tha young nqibletnan^s fr^fg is ''fa'*i1^LT to tlioee who supply him with a princely income, it is pQcfiBctiy well known on English iMiYjyii f? 'h. at f^gifff f'*tt n*ff fra hf rw , ana to «iy paints Jeabels found behind tie scenes of «ome London, f&eaizes.; What wonder that when high-spirited Trtptmy»nT «y^pg how the money they earn, by toil and labour is BQnandered. in ctiier feT**^11 and BWfi nn worthy objecte, their anger is aroused, and they take the law into their own hands? There will be weeping and waBing in St. John's Wood, and other localities where high-class courtesans mostly reside, when the incomes of the young spendthrifts of the aristocracy are curtailed by leaving that papas1 rentroUHtde better tiiaa a. sheet of blank paper. AS LSCWE5T JS THB 'GlATVAXTS* FRISQV Ljfe. — A short time ago there was in Her Majesty's pasoa, at Portemtmtb, an old Stonyhnz&t; man, one that bad been brought opattfee Bww« Cbfiwlic College m tanca ehire, where also Sir Boger Tichborne was ffrtmafa-d, and a place about which the 'Claimant' displayed such laznentable ig Thefiot Sunday after bis arrival at Ports month from Dartmoor, frha ' Ctaimant ' tdl in wftii tfaff *d*$ Stpnytfrn-wf: ntan at *1TgTTJ**. In rjn^wr of the convenatum rttp **Qaiinajit** discovered *^at fiia componuMi was a Stony nmst twr*, »j»j was thoroughly acquainted wiife the place where he (the 'Claimant ') was Bnpposed to have been ertnrairfl. On l«*arnmg *hia disagreeable ^rtt t^ig . ' dai mant*1 lost no tynpiro ''splittinc out w from hifi companion atnl f«ntT|g in with somebody else a- good litnlaiiTP ofl^ nor -*rrnM tfw- 'Oljutttanx ' pvtt wflpr11''*^1' be induced to t^*^** exerctse with *-ihi old Stcoivfanist man. AH the time they were at Fottamonth togetiier the latter was so studiously avoided by the ' Claimant' that his (tiie CSaitoanfs) condnct in this respect became tiie subject of general remark amongst the other prisoners, and some of them asked the 'Claimant,' 'How it was that he never had a 'ctack'— that is, a talk — with has old college chums.' Tiie 'Claimant ' replied : ? ' yha^ on bis liberation be intwidxl to hav« anoOier trial for his estates, and tfta*. he had foand in his old college ch*1*!? a most unportaiit h'iUiw, whom he meant to subpoena, and thought it better not to associate with him in Ports moolit, that it 'light not be said in court *^?t they b-*'* beai coaching' fach otner whQst in prison together at Portemooth.' Atthebe nnning of last winter, the toe chief warder, Mr. Lovaune, observing that the 'Claimant ' was not looking so well, ofiered to take him off the public works and put him in the Etockmg shop, where five or six old men wen employed Jar*iT«g atockzpga. This patty is considered to be the very best in the pnson, because the work is light and tie men an always Hi a dry warm room ; bat tlus land «ffer was deefmed by the 'Claimant * who preferred the ban! laborious work of removing and stacking timber in tiie wet and coU, to doing IHtifi or nothing with a few old men in a, comfortable warm room, simply became the old Stonyhurst man was there. U ia the opinion of the prisoners at Poftsmontt to tins day, that whatever the' CUnnant^ may say to the contrary, he kept aloof from the -dd Stonyhnrst man because be had never been in Stonyfanrst at alL— Mimthester A-m. Bkugious. — The ,Eev. Father Comerford leaves denaont this morning (says tiie Telegram, of the 29th) by coach for Emerald. Daring his short stay inCiennout, extending over, two Sundays, the rev. gentieman has held namerouE services, and the attendance on these occasions fatly proved that his - lftTT^riiT*tiTTHfi WBt iffV^* *?! TMWiatlffi i Tt IS I onArrrfioori that Peak Downs win not be so bag neglected as it has been lately, and that the Rev. Father wul probably pay tie next visit about the 1st. February. The district era; » laise one, Tffr|pif*ng Oermont and OopnerfieR Emer»Hand other places on the xailway hne» with Springaure, Tarabo, pia-4ran «»H ftnmar ; and the coneeqnenoe is that he cannot remain bug in any one place. Still, inte visits, evea xt consideiahle intervals, mnst be a boon to the 4'VtfntTir community* CifBCTMEK Poa the CotosiES.— Membere of tiie Outrch of fagiMiH fa. Victoria vul be gratified (eaye tiie Arpvs) to leirn that tiie system intzodnced fay Bishop Moorhouse soon standard of fgndidafrB for holy orders, is proving a marked saccesB. It wiD be re membered that the bishop oriy set himself to bestow on the candidates for holy orders the advantages of a, high secular teaming in addi tion to their t&eolDgieat; pnepacation, by with drawing n*f*n from tiie ^^^^pw^tiffal B**H'*^on of Moore CoHese and pUangfeem tmder tiie charge of the Melbourne DnivcssHy. Of tiie fonr stndents who have held theological scholatships at the' ooDege eince tiie new system was infzndoced no less than tiueefcave cacricd. off Such *j»*^?'***i''*t at tfcp. CJni vefsttv b^^d^^^foonded by' Mr. T. B. Piyne, oUaed too Cmrani^ eihihitionE last jar, tngetter wift the only 'finit-d*sa' and Mr. T. TL Annotrnng— holding the schohahipsestaUisbedby toe Hon. W. J. Oaisfi hxvc fBfcwi tiu n^liess ouuuukb gives in both Got year j&d; second ;eais art; and Mr. Armrtwog has fuitiier secured the ex bibitiaD in ?w^wwl ecience. This is ex ceedingly encaanging to time ebmchmen whoee conlriViulJutit to the fnods of tfae college belped so speedily towards HiJli iliiniiiin of New Baskihg Peesisks at Mackjt. — The tTadof Ifmtcn, stata that Item. SontbanandTkuey, lie sneceaafol tendmn for tie erection of near premira mtJU&xy; ft* the Anatolian Joint Slack Baafc, have to cost £3000, and wS be an ornament to Ok Duic and complete in all ibs details. Tbe colonade aad entrance porch wfll hxve a bght and chaste appearance wifli its finely pro* portioned colmnns and Mly enriebed entabb tnre. He snrbaae nuder die cohunne w3i be next and bold with pedestals and, panels between, vfaich trill bum a dwarf £ens% to tiie ground fiodr n-ents. The balcony roof and cornice to the 6n£ Qoor bant WAT be sap ported on *»*'* ih^hIjmI cast mo colnmns wilb Cotiated caps to bannonise wiili tite colonadc The spaces behpeea the iion *^nym ^m be filled in with richly embosaed cast iron panels rarmosnted »» a bold moulded hand raO. The whole of Hie external walk will be finishe* with Portland cement and stained to a sand stone tint. Tiie size of the fawl^hig vjH be 90 feet by 56 feet The banking mom wffl be 34 feet by IS feet, and all tile otter apait meniE win be convenient and wrnnjlrtp The ontboBsesaboviabeinanisan with toe rest at tiie premises, *nd the wbole stracture has beencaretallydeaiEned by the aceiutect, Mr. Arthur Jading, of Brisbane. Onr contem porary remarks that, 'The Joint Stock Bank las been associated witti file Itackay district for nearly fonrtwn yean, having opened in JanstiK teee. and has taken no fmajlpait in its setUemfntanj pwgiees. and could not gre ma more practical proof of hs confidence in »knr *Jtr*^P*^iypiAi*t*^ thwi JmpnaffiglfTn^jt f1 Peak Downs Wheat.— Oiat wbext may he grown on Peak Downs ts (says the Tdsyraiu) a Saet now generally admitted ; bst ttie other day we had tangible evidence on the point in the shape of bread made from wheat grombyllr.JSman, gUie Springs. Last season Mr. Small sowiK four acres witji wheat, »UoTOg a brand of seed to the acre. Tne soQ varjed in ojiality, one portion beine low, moist land, which haa being well manured aad twice ploughed; while tibe other, lyinff hich and dry, had no mannre. and lu^ been plonriied only once, The result was tint tbewbeat an the rich, weU ttorked Uud, aUiongii it grew magnifken%, was all more or less affected with rust, white the wheat on tiie poor, d^^ sou was entirely free from it, tiie disadvantage being that it wan not so strong, aad the beads, thoago matured, were enuller. Thus tiie rust equalised the yield to a great extent, and the extn pUAcbing and mannting mat for notii. ing. Mr. Small expecte to have forty boahds, perbapB more and next »*MftnJ we believe, he mtends pntting aixteen acres under wheat. In order to test its -ja*litj-, he pot a little of the wheat twice through a small naSL The brad is excellent, and evidently highly notritioas; in fact, it «anld not well be beaten a.jvbm. We fane that Sb. SmaD's example will be extensively followed, and that tne -Trfwls, especially wheaU will receive tiie best aHf^fm fif oar win hwi Trie adapta tionof tite soil for wbeaterowing ponnses faasbeenfoDy proved; and what as wanted now is atesc, ojy BttMHscf AracceBBHBiu -cmua% of the climatology of the Peak Downs district. Tneseuons being variable, it is necessary to know what and when to sow. in order to avoid faOnte. The Hikwtsus Theokt Oobfotisd.— Tne Darwinian hypothesis is not only uMUpiwrted by facts, bot ft in in flagrant contradictwn to them. There are some 50,000 specks at am mals, and not one instance m known of different species being crossed without sterility ensuing in tiie animal tfcnfi begot It eeemsalawof natore to keep 'species apart. Darwin, to support his hyporheas, has fa) assume that tine may have been a time when tiiislaw was reversed. What wonU be thought of an astronomer, if he were to argue that though the attraction of gravitation is true now, tbere may have been a time when an apple titrown into the air would travel I OK eror in space? Darwin's argument is precisely simaar, thonlh ite fallacy is not so obvious at first achi. If the theory of erolntioD be true, a molbtnde of animals should be discovered in various stifles -rf physical change, which wooM defy tire efforts of ustnraliEts to claadry. As is well known, the reverse of this is true. A sained natoraust finds no difficulty in placing each newly-discovered animal in its proper order. — Banhridx'e Science G-mip. The Bcbt.labv a BrsBnraociisrc. — A burglary was committed at Bishop Bale's residence at MOhw, other on Saturday night or early yesterday morning (says tiie TVfc grapi of the 33rd December), the culprits making off with a consineralble quantity of booty. Shortly after tec o'clock on Saturday the inmates retired to rest, and at a quarter past live o'dock yesterday monnag tiie dining'Toom door was found to be unlocked. This, of course, created suspicien, and a general inspection of the boose was made. SO* Hales bedroom and the Bishop's dress ing-room wcrejauad to have been completely ransacked. TS property stolen consisted of two gold lockets, one sflrer locket, two gold brooches, one snver brooch, two saver watches, one lady's gold watch, a direr watch chain, a donhJe Napoleon forty-franc piece and a goM necklet, together with a tgna& sum in cash. The —fa*''- had apnarentty been effected through the fanlights of the dining room door, and the gOrmAn* had evidently made tftew exit by opening the same door from ttie inside. Dnnng the night Mrs. Hak heard a slight noise, bot tiiinldng it was cansedbyrats sBetookno further ftotice of it. STo donnt this was caused by 13ie burslazs at work. Tee Chaece acatkst Mm. Wk. HmfiFUELD. — The criminal prosecution infiribBtftd at the Police Court yesterday (says tbe Courier of the 24a» Secember) acainst Mr. William High field, Government Engineer in charge of water works, on a charge of embecdement, created a profound sensation when it became known. Hk nature of the charge as disclosed at the preliminary formal rnveBbigsiaon wnl be found m our police reporte. We understand that the evidence to be oncred in eupportof it is toOieeflBcttiiat some time ago the accused received from tiie Works Deparbnent a sum of£83!7&, with which to pay die wages of certain men employed on the Warwick Water works. Tnis amount, it is asserted, he placed to his private account in one -of tbe Ipswich banks, and forwarded bis cheque (or the amount to his subordinate in charge of the works at Warwick. The Utter having en dorsed the cheqne, obtained casb f or it at tile Queensland National Bank, Warwick, and paid the men, but the cheque being sent down to Ipswich for collection, it was round that the accused had not the money to his aramnt to pay ft. This having been reported to the official bead of Mr. Hjghfield's department led to the investigation, and the result was that, in an|ar to avoia the exposure and dis grace of a^nbllc apprehension, tite accused delivered himself op ts the police authorities on Monday afternoon, and was charged before the Brisbane beach yesterday by Mr. Robert Bobertsnu, accountant in the department of Public Works, with the onWire stated in our police report, lie prisoner, we understand, ba& been onaJbW to uod^hail, and remains in custody. Mr. Hlghfield bu held tiie re sponsible pom&m; H Engineer off Waterworks far ewne years past, dtmug which time he w*s £300 sDomnocs — vf\A nc I**** newx, wo far nil Ve tXB AVsWC, bGCn Blf^M'f^*'? ***iafr**t* of fflCgV hntKS or of «xtatragance. TftjLKKMiWBILnT OF ESBRGtWBBSA. — I* has been an. obscure point iutbezto whether H^hp?h nines is *j*g^i*f'*^frRiKltf' by i om^ni aiai^p to wOwer ?«tf*iT'-B aad to men. With much cotiiEsvdictioti, tibece haa been UtfJe aoentafic obaemftion of fikcte. fiL Galtier's irA*+**#i~£ rfifa,»-i t)aij|sts» on jjai^rjCTiJBajs^ft of tariseB from ihfi dog to the rabbit, and the shortness of the a tnefnl re-agent) have been r—»mlim on. it. Baynand has recentiy taken an opporto nity Iff Ml I ' r 1 tain*'F rtw* «ftrh -rf STt*t*mw1ati««, of tbe rabbit from roan in 'the hydrophobic the ranTrnmiere Hospital, having beenbitten in the upper lip by a dag forty days pre vious. He had had tbe wound cantensed two horns after the accident and had thoueht himself finite safe till some of the usual bydrxt pbobic fiymptoras appeared. Tiie day before his death, in a qniet interval, he yielded hiro as!£, witii the best grace, to the eaperhnents in innocnlation which were made with bis blood and bis sahVa. The result of imxocn lating the rabbit witji the Wood was negative [as in the great majority ol previous cases of innocrdation with blood of wt1™^1' nnder rabiest. Bnt with the saliva it was othetifee. A xabbtt inoculated in the ear and abdomen on the 11th of October began to show symptoms of rabies on tiie 15th. being much exettedand lamaging the walls of its cage, whfle it uttered load cries and abvered at tbe month. Then it fell into coDapae and died the fcUowine night. Tbe rabbits body fit so happened) war. not dissected tfll thirty-sb. hours alter death, and further experiment was made by taking fragments of the right and left snbmaziuary gUndi and introducing them under the skin of two other rabbits respectively. These two rabidly succumbed; one on th& fifth, the Other on the Kiith day (becoming visibly uX on the third); neither passed through a furious stage, however, a»4 the predwoinaot fotore was paraplegia (a form of paraly«»». Tbe ro^orraift practical rwnlt is that human ^vs,such«cx™olabiei m the rj}*- is necessarily TimWnt. and «™M EnbabWbag correBpondingetfectsonrnan; rothatrtsboold iedaTwul «uKo««h/,«hd ihat fMt onty daring the life of the person fannshrog it, but in post mortem frtmnahim, —Tamo. AnKKDED BT A«x«.- iEasToop, age 14. of Westminster, Md-, cees at intervals a toll sized ghost— a man with a red face and sandy whiskers. Early in tiie summer (here were nppiags and movements about the honse.-wSchCTnvmoed the mother that her daughterreaUydidseeaghost. One morning when they slept later than usual, a litUe b«' was rung TkJentiy, and the tablewave «te tossed from the kitchen into the bedroom. After this the spirit played toaii ? Iiwiswanw pranks almost every morning. When Kb. M T^opTwonU be spreading the taUecMh. it -W worddbeaumtcb«d1onto(herhaiid-andplatmv-^ knives, and forks would be thrown to the floor. One of tte favourite tricta was to strip the beds of their costing, and on several occasions a feather bed was tossed to the floor. There were frequent pulling matches between the mother, the daughter, sad the ghost* the latter trying to get |i mini minnof sheets and counterpanes aa tfiey were bemg spread on tbe beds. One day therfreet, eeea only by the daughter but heard by the mother, was unusuaDjr fenafabsome. They were hoeing in the garden, and everv »w minutes they wncddfae stopoed in therr work, and would be snahle to raise their hoes from the ground. The mother told the daughter to strike him. The «host said ' 'ByoVTetaikeineEJl be tbe death -»* you.' She, bowenx, directed a Horn at hn iace, and instantly fell down in a fit The girl has Sj_wns nearly every day, in which «He bees i in—i i ? irm These come on her whenever sbe RBsmt the gtnst, or refuses to obey him.— Sac ToriTribatK. Tub Lira Cosetabls Bowes-.— The 6.U. BemUmytzSaang the time that the late constable Bowen was lying at Gundsgai sqfiring from tie effixte of the wound he d ceived in the eocouuter with the Wanta hadgery bushrangers, air Bamr Fxrkes, tesr 5ijhat tiie wtiund wnddfrnve fatal, aad desningihat the wounded man should ant pass away without knowing how highly the Government appreciated bis -conduct, sort to him an astognpb letter, which the pro fessional nurse, who went from Sydney to attend tbe enffierer, was directed to Had fa him if he appeared to be in a fit state to Dstea te it The tollewing reply to the letter has been received by Sir Henry Pars*, from the widow of constable Bowen .— 'Gundagai. , 14ft December, IS79.— 'The Bon. the ColoniJ Jferaetary.-Sr,— In acknowledging toe If^ltlt of VOBT VtSV lODd IrfiHaJT tO sW dear nnsnuid, tiie late constable Bowen, I have moat gratefnDy aad heartily to thank you tor the motive winch nompted yua fa writa. Oat letter, and for the warm and appreciative remarks winch yon have made. I am sorry that it was rut possible tor my dear husband to hear the letter read, as be was not in a fit state tor me to lead tt to him ?BheE I received it; bnt he was greatiycottl tbrte%tJi£ knowledge that ench a letter was on fe way to him, audit cheered him fa know that hn condnct in the late fatal -M- counter was so highly appreciated. I ehaD carefully treasure the letter that you have sent both as an evidence of the respect in which my dear husband was beU, and tor the kind consideration you yourself have dis played, and also, that it may be an incentive to my darling little boy to always do bisduty, as I bare now only mm to live for, smee fae has lost one of the best and fondest of fathers that ever lived. Feeluigmnch stronger grati tude to you than 1 eannosaibly mymii — I have, AcL, JUeios B. WEBB-Bownr.' A Deadlock or rn Victoeuk As bekbly.— Mr. Berry's ntmal to aUow pre cedeooetoUr. JUnnro'e motion has led (says tbe Aryaiol tfae&tii; Deeembsr)te open war between the two etdes of the Bone. The Chief Secretary repeated yesterday that his intuition was to proceed with Government business, with a view to * dmulubon -treat- ing tbe testae motion as non-eMtent— end theA^iporiltnio inunedistely took *V'^ to fav* vent Government banness being prooeeded1 with until % pmmiae ia given that the fMn position of the member for Caribm shall he discussed. Tbe course events took, however. was unexpected. The arrangement was that in the event of Mr. Berry repeating the refusal the leaders of the Opposition afaerdd make a formal ***'** i*l''^ j should point out the numerous precedenta that exist for the conaideratiau ofsuch a motion ; should de mand that the ordinary constitutional comjc should be taken, and should justify the use of -& the forms of the Houoe to prevent the burking ?. the motion. They were prepared also to con- *™ firiSlhe pledge given by itr. Gillies on Wed neaday, oatw soon as Mr. Hn»'i ranala tion is disposed of simpues win be granted, and the business of tafe sessiott wound up in four and twenty hours. However, llr. Gaunson nnexpeetedly uterpdsed with a. snotiau Out the House do now adjoim, which be proposed on his own araoont, and agunst the advice of Mr. Service. Mr. Gannon's proposal served as well as any other, and was in some sort ultimately adopted, but as the gallerie. were cleared by the Vimsterial — —l-r^. tbe debate took place in private, and the Ourwn tion were not able to put then- comnUintind their jnrtjfiration bebre the public. They complained bitterly of the ate of the 'gag.'1 The diacaaaoa was kept sp until after eleven o'clock, and Mr. Cooper, llr. Kerferd, and Mr. Bannay deUvsno' weighty SDeeches ia favour of the Honroraolutioabeui; called on, and critieisiiig tbe refusal of toe Government. The Attomey'Gnteral stated that the objec tion was that the reaolntion was a censure upon tiie Governor, bnt this position was coo ttoverted. The House of Commoru,«M-rding to jlfaj/, has tiie right of laying any statement of it* vim before the Cnnrn, and the same privilage is poteeaeed by the Assembly here ; assatnaaBcss wen given in which addresses to tltt Oonsrnor with nnid to diiBotarions badlKen proposed ma discussed, jsd in one an adopted, without any abstraction or objection frtro tbe Government of the day. At 11 o'clock the Chief Secretary consented toSafeadjsnrament, and the Home separated aooaufterwardis, both sides adhering to their near, tbe one that the Hume motion shall not be discussed, and tbe other that no busi ness shall be transacted until it te taken, asms, inrspectivE of the Council, a deadlock haa occurred is the Lower Chamber.— Pro- fessor Pearson has given notice that, when Mr. Kunro's motion n called on, he wHl more the addition of words to the effect that the ^^ measure whkli toe House is ready to pass te mmVoDe ** whcdxby any ''l'luiir** twice passed by ^fcfae LegisUtiveCouncil, ahall befoafifeettfed, ?o tar as Parliament is concerned, by an appeal to the electors by mean of a j**m oeaat.n Two Lefeks ik SrBKEY.— Tbe fi. If. HmM of tbe 90th December says:— Two imdoabted cases of leprosy were disoovered on Thursday afternoon m a honseoC Botany «aad, Water be, an* one of the victim .fed from toe eftcta of «n .overdose of apian taken fcy him self. Tbe mnfortnaate creatures-the dead man and tbe living one-are Chime, aad lived in a hat alone. They most have been ssmering from the disease for some tone pasty ?a me osan man « caae was, as nt aa we oay bam, a nj bad one ; bat tbe surviving un fortunate i» notbo seriously afietaoTirlow the matter was hro) oat was HiKiafjh asaae other Cfenuara Man tte sjoⅇ on Ttamriay. At2o'd«iiD&eaftaitw;«-«*epa ?ere taken to iaalate the hut, mad neveat law, one bat Ute doctors from either going to * leaving it—in fact ft has own atnc% 4]8sn&ls3iea; vsrar boob. We ocnevc wuti sbe man at present raftering {ran the disease win be removed to an isolated locality auuifls'li. near U Pomsee. Bound abvst the neigh bourhood the discovery baa created gnat alarm, but it nn^et wen to point out tint 4UkiU6Q8Oi IHIBbiiClbU *|'**m ulSS WBBHK ULvCf ?III I 1111111111 II ftfcTi i Iiiiiiiii m snl Tftelast report on the lepEFasyumiat Mahaiea, British Guiana, which has best recently received by «ie Government from the Secretary of State for the Connies, represents Oat the diaeaae on only be spread by its trsmmietian from parents to their onspriBg. Tbe Coast Suevet. — The survey and buoy ing of Whitsunday Passage -ha* lately been completed (says the Gjww), and the charter of the Uewsfflyii having rus out on the I7th «C Una mouth, she has returned to Brisbane. There is much work of the kind in which she has been engaged remaining to be doni, though not of lite very important and urgent nature of that irhicb has been soaamplMbed ; Bom^^6nancialp«ilion,»ndarelinpedal Government wiDrae to bear its fall ehateVf the burden, it wonld be well to have the task thoroughly completed to Bart Hmeninbrook. Bat in neither particular do the facto 6t with the object wfaicfait is desirable to accompli*. The oHUpletion of the survey would cosfitbe colony * rery large sum ; the maxnuim amount which the Impend Government « wining to contribute is £2500 s-yeat^and this colons, with a probable deficit of between three and fowTinndred tbonaand pounds staring us in the face, i« not in a position to find the remainder of the money necessary for carrying out the work. What Hat would amount to may be estimated from the [act that in round numbers the coat of the Llewellyn's servkes and ?jccompanyiiig expenses of one sort and toe other come up to £7500, of which Ite Qneeoriand Government has mid, o( will have to pay, £5080. Under these dreum stances it is not surprising that it has been determined oat to aenew the UeweDyn's charter, and for the $resest to saspead 5te survey. ,, A Siubt CaFnjBE.-^The Brisbane Tek gnft says that Senjor-ewatable Back, stationed at Laidley, did a smart thing on Monday last (22nd Decanber). Two traxet LST^footmgTt,'' reaensa- the townamp in the forenoon and called at Mr. Gum's atore, where they invested in some drapery goods, fa»J««i'ng a cheque for £4 ISs. on the Australian Joint SiockBank, Ipswieh,parport ingtobedmrn by C C.Cameron, in favour of C. Selwyn or bearer. Mr. Goto had not sufficient change, so the travellers adjourned to the Laidley Inn, found only tbe landlady at home, 'shouted for all hands' in the orthodox manner, sot tbe cheque passed, paid Mr. Gam, sad made themselves com fortable. But Gnnn had his doubts about —LJhe genuineness of that cbarae. He was saw going dawn to Ipswich feat aftauoan and the ?luiadLdyofthetaidleylnnaskedhiintotate SI down and get it cashed. Before doings* heinst mentioned tbe matter to Senioreon atabb Black, showed him the cheque, and had hi» doubts confirmed. Hack did not make any fass. He dimply telegraphed to the Joint Stock Bant at Ipawieh to know if Mr. C. C. Cameron had any account there, and got a reply at once to the effect that he had not. Then be went to look for tbe trawUere. Bat they mast hare noticed Mr. Ovam going over to the police stataon, for they left the hotel in a harry, and one of them had started by tile tvain for Toowoomba, and the other waff oat of sight aomeirhere. ''The constable wired to Murphy's Creek to stop this tnveller there, which vas done. Hs com panion tamed op at the Laidley station jnst as the down tmJD arrived, and he had scarcely booked through for Brisbane and taken his ticket when Constable Black arrested him on a charge of forgery. On searching him another cheque on the Australian Joint Stock Bank. Ipswich, signed by C. O. Cameron, was found upon Mm. The man who had gone se. tfce line was amated at Uarphy'a CraX Station, and sent back to Gsostahfe Black, so tint he bad both genitenen all aeon Ok aame evening. They were taken benjre Die Gattoo Bern* on Wednesday hi*, and remanoWl for * week for ba&tr; eridenoe. One of the men seems to be snSeriag from mdpient A&rimm.; trtmaa, and so Constable Black brought them down to Brisbane this morning for ssfeeaatody and medical treat ment. Tbejr asses are Sdnrd Foliar and John Campbell. Constable Hack deserves credft for the ujfafliMot and effective manner in which he managel (hi faasiness. 