, THE EDUCATION QUESTION? - I I :-.- TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. of. Sir,- Since I last addressed you on the Education question the 26th clause of the " new bill " has been adopted by the Assembly. I was sorry that the Premier made such gross and uncalled for attack upon the Archbishop of Sydney. Surely, in the flush of triumph, and when cheered on by his obsequious supporters, he might have maintained a calm and prudent reserve. He, unfortunately for himself forgot his usual cunning, and, bidding for popularity, uttered those words which will never be forgotten by the Catholic body. The Archbishop's answer, which may be pronounced a master piece of eloquent invective, and which will embalm in unpleasant remembrance the name of its victim, reminded me of Warren's words, in his " Ten Thousand a Year." "'Pray sir, be silent exclaimed Mr. Aubror, in R tone that electrified Gammon, starting from his chair, his face was whitened, his eye glanced lightning at his companion. Dagon hike, Gammon had put forth his hand, and touched the ark of Mr. Aubioj"'s honour. Gammon lost his colour, and for the first time quailed before the majesty of man., It was also the majesty of suffering-he had been torturing noble nature." the Grace's manly and dignified presence and demeanour gave force to words of refined and scathing i irony. At this moment he stands higher in public estima- tion, than when, like another tribune of the people, he pronounced his grand panegyric of O'connell. 2 The Colonial Secretary's unwise and impotent throat, pointing to persecution, brought back to every Catholic mind the soul-stirring words of the poet : " Thou hast called me thy angel in moments of bliss, And thy angel I'll be 'mid the horrors of this, Though the furnace, uiislirliilcuiK, thy steps to pursue, And shield them, and save thee, or perish there too." L I now wish to appeal to the members of the Legislative Council who have yet the power of improving the " bills" and of eliminating from it the obnoxious and unjust 26th clause. I will quote the words of two eminent Judges, and ask honorable gentlemen to discard prejudice, and view the question, not as it has been decided by the Assembly, but as it is reflected from the mirror of truth. " Some," says Lord Erskine, of the darkest and most dangerous prejudices of men arise from the most honourable principles of the mind. When prejudices are caught up from bad passions, the worst of men feel intervals of remorse to soften and dis- person them ; but when they arise from a generous, though mistaken, source, they are hugged closer to the bosom, and the kindest and most compassionate natures feel a pleasure in fostering a blind and unjust resentment." Curran says :-" I am aware that truth is to be sought only by slow and painful progress. I know also that error is in its nature flippant and com- pendious; it hops with airy and fastidious levity over proofs and arguments, and perches upon assertion which it curls conclusion." in the various letters which I wrote in favour of Denominational education, I sought to show that religion should be blended with education, and that the Public school system was not acceptable to the Catholic body nay, that it was hostile to their faith. The Archbishop has been charged with audacity and sedi- tion because he raised his voice and used his authority In vindication of the cause of Catholic education. An eminent ecclesiastic thus writes : " It is in no spirit of bigotry, nor factious opposition, that we assemble to speak on such occasions as the present. We are obliged by conscience, by our sacred position, by our relations to our people and to the Church, by the awful responsibility which our priesthood imposes on us, to speak and act strongly and energetically for the integrity, purity, and catholicity of education in this land. Other men may be silent, but we cannot, without destruction to ourselves and our people. Others may be wil line to compel arise, but we may not, for compromise means spiritual ruin. Others may be indifferent to this great question, but we must stand or fall by the people, for whom we must render an account to God, and indifference on our part means treason to God, to the Church, to souls. We can afford to be patient when accused of exclusiveness and bigotry and when men reproach us for our impor- tunity and bid us be silent, it is either because they do not understand us at all, or they would have us silent, just as the thief would fain silence the watch-dog, and so plunder the house in safety. Now that the Public school system, against which we protest, deprives the children of our people of all that specific religious teaching, and of all those practices of religion which we justly and conscientiously look upon as by far the most important feature of education, inasmuch as they determine the future morality of the man, and his action in the world either for good or for evil." Another distinguished divine writes : " We know that it is the light, and also the duty of the Catholic Church, and of the Bishops and pastors, in whom and by whom the Church acts and speaks to watch over and to guard the education of Catholic children from the first dawn of reason. Nor can the Church of the pastors of the Church over consent to renounce this right or to neglect this duty. For what, let me ask, are the mutual relations that exist between the Catholic Church and the Catholic child P The Church protects that child before it is born, guarding by its heaviest -censure that no one shall injure or extra finish it in its mother's womb ; but when that child is born and brought to the waters of baptism, the Church becomes its mother, on higher and stronger titles than its earthly parents can lay claim to and if this child, once baptized, cannot forsake the Church, how could the Church forsake the child, and, most of all, at the time of youth, when all depends on the culture and training it receives, and when the impressions made of good or evil are the most fixed and lasting ? No ! for in conferring baptism on that child the Church has placed in it the ScWred deposit of Faith, which she must guard and with the moral virtues then infused, the Church has sown in it, as it were the seed of religion, which she must water and nourish into growth and maturity. For any education, there fool, but still more for primary education, the Church is not, and cannot be satisfied with the Public system. What. I ask, does a child in such a school see, or feel, or bear to awaken its faith with its reason, or to dispose it to the love and practice of religion ? And though the child should hear "nothing in this school against the Catholic Church, yet, as it hears nothing there in favour and support of that Church, this silence alone is enough to chill its faith and to weaken it for life. Besides, a child at that tender age takes up its accent from those around it and over it, and so it takes in its impressions from their looks, their maxims, their manners, and the very features of their faces. It may be said, perhaps, that I am pressing this matter too far that the more general principles of real from, common to us and Protestants, may be judiciously kept before the children at all times, without any offence, without any danger. I say no, most decidedly not what security can we have against the living words of a living teacher, when the late Archbishop Whately, an able and a far-seeing man, explicitly acknowledges that, by two little books stored with such general principles, he confidently hoped to undermine the vast fabric of the Irish Roman Catholic Church ?" What becomes of the charge of audacity and sedition '( How impotent and impolitic the threat of "gagging?" the authority and consciences of the bishops and priests of the Catholic Church 't The Roman Catholic Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, in a letter addressed in 1860 to the Right Honorable Edward Cardwell, then Chief Secretary for Ireland, says-" Our views on this subject are substantially the same as those now stated, and have been frequently laid before the public. Though anxious to promote every branch of science and literature, we repudiate any system in which education is restricted to temporal and material concerns, and to the ac- quirements of mere worldly knowledge, excluding the all important interests of immortal souls, of religion, of eternity. Persuaded that the conduct of man in his riper years, and his fate in the world beyond the grave, depend on the religious training of youth, we continually impress upon children the necessity of serving their Creator from their earliest days, and of directing all their studies and other occupations to the honour and glory of God. We teach them that their greatest and most important business on earth, the end for which they were created, is their own sanctification. According to our principles, religious education requires, firstly, a knowledge of the doctrines and practices of the Catholic Church, differing essentially from those of other communions ; secondly, a proper training in the actual practice of the religious duties prescribed by our Church-such as prayer, making the sign of the Cross, solf examination, confession of sins, and obedience and attach- ment to the Church and her precepts. External religious practices, together with the use of sacred symbols, experience has taught us deeply impress the youthful mind, and therefore ought not to be excluded from schools." Every impartial mind must realize the necessity of separate or Denominational schools, to enable the Catholic Church to carry out these ''views" regarding religious education. In the same letter the prelates write: The third principle which we accept from you is that in which the Government, as you inform UB, cheerfully recognise the right which belongs and the duty which attaches to the heads of the respective churches in regard to religious instruction. In those words you not only recognize our rights, but you state our duties. We have a recognised right to give religious instruction to the children of our flock wherever they may be we are bound to do so in virtue of the offices which we hold as Bishops, placed by the Holy Ghost to feed the flock committed to our care. Though our right to give religious instruction is thus fully admitted by Government, it may not be out of place or useless to explain our ยก doctrine on this head in a very few words. It is, therefore, I to be observed that the truths of the Roman Catholic Church have not been given to the world after the manner of a philosophical system, with leave of liberty to every one to select any opinions he may think fit to adopt. We believe those truths to be the unchangeable revelations of Heaven, committed to the Roman Catholic Church as a sacred de posit so sacred that no truth can be wilfully impugned or rejected without incurring the greatest guilt. The right of teaching, interpreting, and propagating these doctrines, we believe, was given by our Divine Redeemer to the bishops in the person of the Apostles, whose successors they are when he said Go ye and teach all ยก nations, baptising them, teaching them to observe all things | whatsoever I have commanded you. In virtue of this commission Bishops not only teach the doctrine of the Gospel > themselves, but depute other ministers to assist in teaching them, and to carry religious instruction into the bosom of every family. They continually call on parents to provide ? ii am the earliest infancy for the religious education of their offspring." 'The following beautiful words of Lever are applicable to early religious teaching :-" How thoroughly will the character of an early love tinge the whole of as life. Our affections are like flowers; they derive their sweetness and their bloom from the soil in which they grow-some budding in joy and gladness amid the tinkling flash of a glittering fountain, live on, ever bright and beautiful ; others struggling on 'amid thorns and 'wild weeds, overshadowed by gloom, preserve their earliest impressions to the last-their very sweetness tells of sad- ness." The child may for a time in his passage through life stray from the path in which he was taught to walk, but conscience stings, and warns him. That conscience, formed and directed in early days, is like a chord of a well-timed instrument, which, when touched by a skilful hand, discourses sweet music. Religion knows when how to strike that chord and bring out the plain- tive reconciling tones of repentance and love; the vessel which has been once impregnated with perfume will long preserve the odour. " You may break, you may ruin the vase if you will, But the scent of the roses will hang round it still." In asking the hon. members of the Legislative Council to retain the Denominational system of education, I will address to those gentlemen the words of Sir George Gipps, spoken July 11th, 1846, when leaving the colony, in reply to the address presented from the residents of the counties of Cumberland and Camden : " I believe now, as firmly as ever, that on the good faith of the British Parliament, and on the honour of the British Crown, the people of this colony may most securely' rest for the advancement of their real interests, and that they will find therein the safest guarantee for the con- turned enjoyment of rational liberty." I entertain the hope that gentlemen removed from the political arena and accustomed to view from a more elevated position the contests which party strife begets, will consult for the real interests and conscientious convictions of the Catholic body, and prove themselves the safest guardians of that numerous and influential body, "national liberty "1 will not," says Curran, in his speech in defence of Hamilton Rowan, " relinquish the confidence that this day will be the period of his sufferings, and however mercilessly he has been hitherto pursued, that your verdict will send him home to the arms of his family and the wishes of his country. But if- which Heaven forbid it hath still been unfortunately determined, that because he has not bent to power and authority, because he would not bow down before the golden calf and worship it, he is to be bound and cast into the furnace. I do trust in God, that there is a redeeming spirit in the constitution, which will be seen to walk with the sufferer through the flames, and to preserve him unhurt by the conflagration." I venture to say, that if my hopes are frustrated, if my cause is for the present defeated, if the almost unanimous petition of one-third of the community is rejected, if Catholic teaching is placed under restrictions, and at disadvantage, there is a vitality in the Catholic Church " which will be seen to walk with it through the flames of persecution, and preserve it unhurt by the conflagration." J. T. MONSIGNOR LYNCH. Campbelltown, March 6. 