FICTION. , "__ i (Tro EtiRllHli» American, and other Periodical*,) The Fathers' Compact. CHAPTER XXIII.-(Continued.) There were two ledies and a gontleman seated within, Only one face was familiar to her-dark» bright, piquant. There it wns bent townrd her, find glaring at her with mingled BBtoniebment and hatred-the eyes, black fis coal, reading, searching, almost burning the face of the fair girl, who nerer forgot the look to her dying day, j It was only for an instant, for the carriage passed on ; but to one reading the expression upon those two faces, it would have seemed as if the hate and ' pain of a life-time were concentrated in them. The one with bute, malice, and envy depicted upon every future, the other rigid with despair and pain. Mr. Lenox bad not been aware of this strange pan- tomime; his attention had been attracted by the band. Neither bad that occupant of the barouche appeared to notice him ; all her powers bad been centered in that long, startled, malicious look at his betrothed. But now, as he turned to speak to her, he saw her reel in her saddle, her face so deathly white, her breath coning so fierce and heavily, that his own heart nearly stopped its beaCng from fear. His strong hand grasped her rein. " Darling, what is it ?" he questioned, anxiously. His voice reassured her. She looked up into his face, and saw at once that he had not noticed the meeting, and, recovering her elf-poaeeesion, she replied : " Only a sudden dizziness, but it has passed now." But he saw that she was still very pale, although she sat Arm in her saddle and strove to appear her- self. "Are you sure you are able to go on ? Shall we not dismount and rest awhile ?" "No, no ; let us go on," she said, nervously, with a startled backward glance. " I fear the faintness will return." " No, Archer, do not worry ; it was only a trifle. I will try not to make such a baby of myself again," and she tried to smile brightly. He saw it waa forced, and asked : " Shall we not return ? Her grace would never forgive me were anything to happen to you," " Perhaps it would be as well ; you know we go to the American consul's ball to-night, and I must take plenty of time to make myself presentable, ' she answered, gaily. » They turned their horses' heads toward the moun- tain road, and it was well they did so, for that ba- rouche was making a circuit of the grounds again, at the orders of that dark-eyed woman, who evidently desired another look at that blue-habited, queenly girl whom she so well knew. But she was doomed to be disappointed, for the Lady Alicia kept up a brisk canter all the way home not only to put distance between her and that hate- ful face, but to avoid the necessity of conversing with her lover. She could not talk with that fearful whirl in ber brain, that agony at her heart, and the dark, evil face of that woman haunting her like a ghost's. What should she do ? Which way turn to escape it? She could not stay longer in Florence, if she were to remain there ; yet if she were to fly, she might follow her wherever she went. But she resolved before reaching the villa to ask the duke to take her «way. She would make some excuse for the request-propose some journey; she must do something, even if she had to leave her lover for the time being. The city of Florence-nay, the world itself evon did not seem large enough now to contain herself and Clara Gilbert, now Countess of Euthetfoid ! 