NEWS AND NOTES. The channel aquadron, which had been ordered to Ireland, has arrired at Cork. A "brave peasantry, their country’s pride” have put another outrage to their credit, h = brtfie" assassins this time. The trial of the Nihilists la RuBBift_fqr the attempt* pb the Czar’s life at Winter Palace and'by the explosion on the railway near Moico.wTllhas resulted in sixteen .parsons being convicted; five are to be hanged, : and ' the 'remainder are to' be sent to expiate their crime at bard'labour in Siberia. From 1 the*'tenoot of : our last telegrams It 'tiught; eoncluded .that the- Ddlcifcno' difficulty:.wa»\ at.‘an- end, hut: fche lateat hews shows > that afresh’ obstacle to settle-, the -opposition"-offered! u- r 0 P®°pl 0 to the courae taken by their, • *®{J» : fc “® former haring broken out into open rebellion, perrisch Pasha has been requested by the chiefsto grant s month’s delay be fore proceeding. to, extremities, bat .there" is 1 uttla chance,, of .thia request. being ’ao ceaed.to., Fresh shocks of .earthquake have hean'felt W the" south-east of- Austria, and 1 moredamage to property has ensued, it being estimated that about one-half of the town of Agram has been destroyed.. ■ The sculling match between Triokett and Hanlan comes off on the Thames to-day. Both “6“ “® greatly fancied by their friends. The City of Sydney, with the muls via San Francisco, arrived , at Auckland on Saturday. A brief summary of the news will be found in another.column. In the boat race at Sydney on Saturday between W. Triekett and M. Rush the latter woneasily. - - . - The Sorata has' at length been floated,, and will bo towed to Nepean Bay. , The chorus of indignation with respool to the conduct of Mr David Gaunson" regarding the convict Kelly continues to .swell. - The journals of ths colony, one and all, irrespective opinions, demand that Mr Gaunson shall he punished by ostracism for his inde cent and discreditable doings, - : Wo ara unabla to publishes large number of -letters (acknowledged in ■ another c'plbmn) until to-morrow, owing to claims on our space by mimog and other news. -',, The 8.M.3. .Khedive arrived at Adelaide from Galle at 2 5 p.m. on Sunday.' The board.of enquiry into the conduct of Constable Moran will ait at 9 a.m. to-day at Creswick. The enquiry will be open to’the press. . The third event of the match for the Pre sidents ■ Trophy in connection with the Ballarat Yacht Club took place at Lake Wen douree.on Saturday, and was won by the Reporter, sailed by -Mr' G.- Hathorn.l A report appears elsewhere! ' ■_■■■« Teaterday was marked by a continuance of the late unseasonable weather, heavy showers of rain and a storm of. hail occurring during the day, ...... -.Joseph Lagget, a bootmaker,-residing in Ballarat, was arrested at about half-past 1 on Sunday morning by Constable Martin on a charge of being drunk and disorderly, and having threatened to ■ assault Young Heng, a Chinese, and landlord of. the Red Lion hotel He will be brought before the Town Court this morning. -i A youth named David Edward Howes, whose parents reside at Gordon, was engaged on Saturday morning, along with his father, splitting laths, when the poor boy made an erring blow with the axe, and struck the top of his right foot, inflicting a deep wound six inches in length. His father with great presence of mind at once tore up his linen, and tied up the wound, stanching the blood, which was flowing profusely. The sufferer was brought into the Hospital, where the necces- sary surgical assistance was promptly rendered, and he is now progressing favourably. The annual meeting of the Lal Lal Falls Turf Club took place at Hager's Criterion (hotel, Armstrong street, on Saturday after noon, 18th November; Mr R. Hager in the chair. ,There were also present—Messrs King, Way, Cafair, Levitt, and others. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con firmed, A letter , was received from Mr J. Anderson, secretary, to the effect that time would not permit him to attend to the duties of secretary, and that he was obliged to resign hia office. Ths resignation was accepted with regret, and on the motion of Mr Way, seconded by Mr King, the chairman was in structed to confer with Mr Buhlert, secretary of the Ballarat and Miners’ Race Clubs, and ascertain whether that gentlemen would accept' the appointment of secretary to the Lai Lai Falla Club. . The annual report and balance-sheet were adopted, on the motion of Mr Way, seconded by Mr Cahir. The Said. It was decided that the chairman visit the racecourse on Tuesday and meet the trus tees and stewards there,"iu order to determine as to what improvements shall be effected for the races on New Year’s Day. The programme is Cow being prepared/ and is expected to be very attractive. The stakes will be equal in 'amount to those given last year, aay, about £l2O. The course, with its adjacent scenery, is one of the prettiest in the colony, and in view of the efforts that are to be made this year to ensure the success of the race meeting wa doubtnot that should the weather be pro pitious there- will be a very large assemblage on.the racecourse on New Year’s Day. The committee of•• the Ballarat United Friendly Societies’ Dispensary met at the Sooieties’.hall, - Grenville street, on Friday evening, for the election'of officers and other business! • There was a full attendance of representatives, and the officers elected were; —Mr John Illingworth, president; Mr George King, vice-president; Mr James Yallins, trea surer; .Messrs Corbet and Bradbury, auditors; Messrs Lonie, Ballhausen, and James King, trustees. Management' committee:—Messrs Hugh Ross! George Ludbrpok, Thomas Car now, H. A* Corbet, E. R. Knoll, R, Berrimao, Percy Morehouse, Mr W. T. C. Kelly, honor airy legal-adviser; Robert J. Binder, secretary.. The laws as submitted wore adopted, and the secretary, waa ihstruoted to (attend to registra tion of same, and also registration of -trustees. The aub-cdmmittee .was instructed to "closer .with offer of suitable premieeain a central position in Aroutrong street, and the com mittee purpose opening the dispensary on the Ist January, 1881, with i present roll of 1500 members, when, those societies who have not yet decided on joining the movement will no doubt give in their adhesion, when the roll will be considerably strengthened, and the expense per member materially reduced! Midwinter, tho Sandhurst cricketer, is re ported to be on hie way back to th« colony by the Lusitania.' . ■ ' There would appear.to’ be just at,present a sort of municipal somnolency pervading the atmosphere of Smytheedale and Scarsdale' (writes our correspondent). Only two dele gatesfrom the .Weights and Measures’ Wnion of the boroughs of; Smytheadale and Scarsdale, Granvilleahire, and Riponsbira put in an appearance at the quarterly meeting ob Friday evening. The absentees. were* the Biponshire and Smytheadale delegates. The union has been rather unfortunate from Its inception, .and there are indications of an early dissolu tion, as the inspector has no power under-a defective bylaw to seize .light bread, meat, or any other commodity, as the inspectors have in other unions and do it most effectually too. The. monthly meeting of tho Browns and Scandals Borough Council lapsed on Friday evening, for want of a quonim, three council lore only beingpresent. . . .. A concert wae given in. the Scarsdale Town hall, on Friday night, in aid of tho funds of the local .free library. Mr Hugh Young, of Bal larat, presided at the piano, and Sir Hugh M’Kenzia occasionally gave violin harmony in every creditable manner. There waa a fair house. Mr J. Farrell sang 41 Little sweet heart, come end kies' me,*’ Mr Prentice - next sang “Joeiah end his Sally,” Mr B- Farrell ■aafr 'Take me home;” : Mr Prentice-sang Daflney,” Mr Ford sang “ Chiming belle of long ago;” Messrs Prentice, Young, and M'Ksnaia oonoluded the first portion of the programme with songs. Then followed some instrumental selections, a ghost scene, and'a farce, and the proceedings terminated. _ numerously-attended meeting of the Lmton railway aommittsa waa hold jn the Shire-hall onSaturday night, whan it was re aolved to have a petition signed and forwarded through the members of Parliament for the dutnot for presentation on Tuesday next to the Legislative Anembly.Although there is. oaly one clear day, Monday, for- signatures to heobtaifaed, it : is anticipated that' as' public .opmmnJa strongly in favour of railway exten- Petitioni will bei numerously signed. Persona wishing to sign can dp ao at aSS^iJar 11 u £ 8 P* m * °» Monday, A ®*P reBB 6d by the committee 31 actional eix miles from Scarsdale to ~jSf? n °3Rt *° made at the same time as froo) the fotmet township to Ballatat, MAmattttj)! economy to the State* for made it muat:biißS a matter of justice to an !m -dislficfc, sod the fifflall addition asked for would satisfy this part of the colony for all time to come. 'discussed the queation of railway extension tp f ' u*- 'jCparlfcob, but the council resolved that tt waa not such as to call for any action.'- • r .... The. services _o! Me Joseph Cave, as an assistant commissioner ;of fisheries)- has been dispensed with by the Government, upon what grounds except the so*called retrenchment*’ we are not- aware* - CT .. v . . .whole ;,of the .constables who were appointed inspectors of licensed premises and liquorr, have-been appointed additionally as inspectors of excise. u A A f- IV A % |f | The citizens'of • Ararat be cbm-’ ptimented upon the circumstance that theyj the mayor* to -'convene' a public meeting to consider the advisability of calling Ekvid Qaunaon, M.L. A,to resign his •eatdor the constituency, in consequence of his late.discreditable.conduct. . . Serjeant Ballarat East, was! asked to. take into custody a child of ten, the son of-a carpenter named Yan’i Eury, who, according to the atatemenfc of the person who brought the boy forward, had been; .deaerted by his father in a heartless,way.. The sergeant promised'tb make enquiries upon the subject. A,-A A V • ,f * v V ' : ;‘Complaints are rife'of the continuance of the practice of. appmnting faithful Benyitea to positions la the public service' at Ballarat, but •o little effect, apparently, has the already long catalogue of Berryito enormities of this • kind exercised towards staying the hands of those eager to:’placate and reward, it . is scarcely worth .while .going into, details of everyday cases of the sort. -.Wednesday, the has been fixed as the date of the Cblac regattta; ■ The funeral of the late Mr Joseph Davis took place' on- Sunday, the remains of deceased bemg followed to .their last resting-place by a number of friends. .Tomorrow the annual meetings of corpora tions in, cities, towns, and boroughs ; wiu be duly held, at the statutory hour of noon.; The monthly meeting of the Town Mission Committee was held on Friday evening at Mr Little’s office, when there were present—Mr M. D. Morgan (chairman),. and Messrs W. Little, D. .Ham, JrSnmmerscalee, D. Dudley, and the missionary.* * The report of mission work for the past month .‘showed twenty- four services held, besides sixteen open-air meetings, ejghty-eight visits made (principally to the sick}.- -The sum of £8 had been distributed in charitable • relief. In addition to this sum upwards of £l2 had been raised in donations for the purpose of providing a house for a widow with a large family.« During the month a friend of the mission-had presented a first* class organ to the Mission-ball. The whole of the mission operations were reported.in. a most satisfactory and healthy state. .. Mr Qibbings’ old livery stables, from whence for many years a great proportion of . the , - travelling public have hired their vehicles and | 11 cattle," is now ih course of demolition to I make room for a more sightly structure, Mr [ Qibbings will carry on his business in the Doveton street portion of the property. /A petition from Cape Clear with 110 signa tures was recently presented to the Chief Secretary by Mr Young, M.L.A. against the removal of the police station from that place, • A general feeling exists through the district that the prevention of many evil deeds is due to the presence of .the dreaded police man, and by the removal of this station a large extent of country would remain without police supervision. The station at Piggoreet ia a costly one, with rent at £6O a year, cleaning a serious item, and salary of olerk of the court another addition, : and could be* better spared. The saving thereby effected would nearly pay the cost of a station at Cape Clear.... The amended .regulations under the. Beer Duty Act 1880 were gazetted- on Wednesday, and brewers and hotelkeepers should hot fail to make themselves acquainted with the pro visions they contain, as the very heavy penalty o£:£so. is' attached to any breach of them. An advertisement elsewhere notifies that brewers may obtain the stamps required . to;.be, attached to hogsheads, casks, and "kega upon application to the Commissioner of Cus toms. The denominations of the stamps are from 9s to 2d. As had . bean previously announced, the annual Charity Sunday collection was made on Sunday at Sfc. Patrick’s Cathedral. . The seamou was preached" by the Rev/Father • Cleary,. S. J. The . rev. gentleman in an elo quent and impressive discourse dwelt at some length and with considerable force on the -Virtue of fraternal charity, and appealed in a very earnest manner to the congregation to support by their offerings the institutions' for the’young, the infirm, and the aick* that they had in their midst. The collection amounted; to £6O, notwithstanding ‘the in olemeny of the weather. . The home committee of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria recently appointed the Rew H, H. Finlay to take charge of the Lydiard street congregation for the month of November, and yesterday, both forenoon and evening, that reverend gentleman preached, the church on both occasions being pretty well filled. The sermons are * regarded by all who had the privilege of hearing them as rare specimens of pulpit eloquence, full of dash and spirit, yet moat impressive, and brimming over with most'appropriate anecdotes. The Rev. Mr Finlay’s presence here is hailed with sincere gratification, and we doubt not he will soon assume a high place among the clergy of this town and district. .' ; A youth named Archibald Lumsden, a resi dent of Albert street, and teacher in Mr Arm strong’s school, met with a severs accident in a very simple way on Sunday afternoon. While running to catch his hat, which had been blown off by a violent gust of wind, be fell and broke his left arm. The necessary,surgical assistance was rendered ; to him* at the Hos pital, and he then returned home. : r t A start was made on Satarday'to fix the’ basins and spouts to the Galloway monument, to carry but the original intention of making \- It f a public-fountain.* AU those citizens who wish to sign the peti tion to v the Speaker and members of the Legislative Assembly, praying them to remove MrD. Gaunaon from his position of Chairman of Committees, can do' so at the Corner, dn*ahd after 10 a.m. this dayA: It is believed that the petition’ will be ready for transmission by Tuesday .evening - at'latest. We understand that the document has been extensively signed by persons of all shades of opinion. A; The: number' of inmates in the Hospital at the beginning of the paiib week was 102, of whosa.27 were females; and during the week 13 males and 2-females were,admitted, making a total of 117.'The number of malerdiacharged during tbe week, was 10, and of females, 4; 2. males and 1 female died. Tbe number of inmates remaining in the Hospital at the end oil the i week was 100 A of : whom’-24*,were females. During the week, 583 out-patients were treated, 94 of whom were on tbe hew list.. Oo ; Sunday morning the / Rev. E. H. Gulliver, M.A., preached in Christ Church Pro-Cathedral on the subject of the ** Majesty of the law." The rev. gentleman maintained that to uphold tbe carrying out of the law in its' entirety-where, its provisions had been violated was’ the bounden duty of all good citizens.; He referred in words of disapproval to tbe unseemly pact taken by a reprerentative of on a recent occasion, when, transgressing the rules of society and decorum, he had attempted to stir .up a public feeling in favour of a criminal who bad grossly violated the laws of Qod and bis country. If society were to be maintained and any importance to be attached to the rights of communities and it waa imperative that tbe laws made for their guidance and protection should be en forced., To cultivate a spirit of sympathy for that which was evil and moat wicked was to grossly insult our Creator and injure our fellow creatures. : A On Sunday afternoon a Chinaman named Ah Som, aged about fifty-five years, and residing on (he Bunmyqng road, near the Prince Regent hotel, was found in his hut lying oh the bed, face downwards; dead He had been seen last alive in. the. morning. The deceased ■bad ,been Buffering from leprosy, but had con cealed the fact lest he should be sent to the 1 lazaretto. It is suspected that he died from this dueaae'conpled with - general debility. , Senior-coni table , Bunting, * recently of Stawell, from whence he was transferred to the superintendent's office, Ballarat,'died in the Hospital.on Saturday morning. Mr-Rant ing bad been ailing for a tong time from injury to.tbe spine, and had medical attendance’ for the fint time on the 10th instant,'but re fused to go to the Hospital. Hohad his body swathed with-hofc moist 'flanneljiy, his medical attendant, so xniieh better qq tbe following morning (hat he threw then off, dressed himself, and lay for any covering. He grew worse, andfa S**, all that could be dona for him expired »t rt* time mentioned from tiisedah o! the fcMfiit Deceased was an efficient officer, and^a^: trictaf iQ tke Smyth ' adale and Gordon diH Mr fiiiddefaj j.j?., presided si the fejltw e„liu on Saturday morning, and fined severe} palfcfil charged with having been drunk. P v°?! or- week.s imprisonment, for insultinv bet.,,- Mr Scdtt presided -at the Town'c t ‘™S fined oßa num for having been drunk. - * MrWilletls, of Bridge street, has josionm pleted two; pictures that well sustain putation his establlahment has gained aa 1 ®*' one of the leading photographic atudioa ot Colony:- One is an eicelleht portrait „.<■ Madame Carlptta tfiica, ahd the aecohd thb -same Udy.Bitting among rustic scenery with her clever pupil, Miss Ada Willetts, L z ;‘, earnestly ,n her face. The pictures are Shut size, and excellent productions. ,■ frontage .to' Collins street west, of 2° fast by a depth of 117 feet, having premises thereon in .the occupation .of Mesare Clinch and Sim mons and Wallach Bros, was sold by auction on Wednesday at £4BO per foot, a total of There i, (sensibly observe, thl Qipptlani Ttmea / a large amount of unearned increment here, which might very .reasonably attract the notice of a financier in Want ot money. ‘ Why should this description of pro. party bo allowed to escape the taxation which would necessarily follow upon the investment ot thesame amount of money in land alone , It ia ; difficult to .assign any legitimate reason for exemption m the case of house property Every railway that is made acta aa a '■ feeder” to the metropolis; and so enhancss its capital value, just as it does in land devoted to aeri cnlture and not-to building uses. JT O one can, have visited.Meibonrne since the opening .of .the Exhibition, and especially during the racing and., holiday season, without becoming sensible that the railways are adding very materially to th# permanent wealth of tha great city. ■ It is therefore very unjust to plead the . construction of railways aa one reason for imposing a taxon country lands, and refuse to apply the same argument to town properties which profit equally, if not in a higher degree,' from the same expenditure. It might have been expected from Mr Berry’s oft-expreased desire to make rich people pay in accordance to their wealth, that a house tax would have formed part of bis scheme for pro viding ways and means, but that reasonable anticipation has been disappointed. Such an .impost' was proposed by a conservative Minis, try, but it meets with no favour from liberal politicians. The llorzkam Tima gives confirmation of its previous statement that pleuro-pneumonia had broken out at or near Bungally. Inan*c tor Brook Smith and Mr E. Elliget, inspector of etook, have taken steps to stamp out tha disease. We havereoeived the Waley College Chronicle, the creditable little journal published by the scholars of that college. . At Avpca a few days ago a little child be. longing to Mr A. Walker fell down an aban doned shaft .30 feet deep/"and escaped with only a small scratch on the nose. Referring to the children of the poor woman Bridget Theresa Tanis, who met with a cruel death at the hands of her husband, in conse quence of his apparently unfounded jealously, the Colacßeformer says:—' 1 The four little girls have been adopted by neighbours and sympa thising friends, and the two lads are both in situations. The kindliest feeling has been dis played toward the children in - the neighbour hood. The two lads are sensible, well conducted boys, for whom places were always readily obtained when they wanted work. They are both in highly respectable employment. The four little girls are extremely well-spoken and nicely behaved.'They have evidently been moat carefully trained, • The behaviour of the children,'the care which has been bestowed upon them, ahd their extreme indignation at the aspersions cast upon their dead mother by the murderer, speaks volumes in favour of the poor woman.” A number of residents of Geelong, and friends of Sergeant Morton, who, after 27 yeais* service in the police force, is about to retire- purpose, taking .steps to present him with a. testimonial,. in recognition of the valuable services be has rendered to many persons during his lengthy residence in Geelong. ' .The Rev. C. S. Y. Price has resigned his position as pastor of;the Gheringhnp street Congregational Church, Geelong. The following' paragraph frem the Albury Banner refers to a young gentleman who, if not born in Ballarat,'was brought'up here:— “During the past week Mr E. Headdey, who for three years has held the position of manager of the Bank of Australasia at - Howlong, left that township on promotion. As Mr Headdey during his residence at Howlong has made himself personally popular by the courteous performance of his duties, as well as by the display of an active interest in all movements destined to promote the prosperity of the town,' his friends and the customers of the bank determined that ha should not leave Howlong without receiving soma special mark of their regard and esteem. An entertainment was accordingly arranged In his honor on the eve of his departure, and daring the evening be was presented with a very handsome and valuable gold watch, bearing a suitable inscrip tion. The presentation was made on behalf of the subscribers by Mr P. H. Qell, who ad dressed Mr Headdey In a few appropriate remarks expressive of the respect entertained for him by the donors, and .their hope that his future career would be prosperous and happy. Mr Headdey responded in well-chosen terms, and a very pleasing ceremony was brought to a close.” The Bank of Haw South Wales having shown a disinclination to co-operate in making holi day on the day of thaHational Agricultural Show at Eyoeton, the local agricultural society is considering the advisability of with drawing its account from the bank. According to the Pleasant Creek News, dnr ing the hearing of some applications for tbs transfer of publican's licenses, Mr Alley, the police magistrate, spoke in severe terms of the appointment of inspectors of distilleries and publichouses; He remarked that their appoint ment was utterly'useless, and a waste of money; they were never seen, and no one knew who. they were. The sentiment will be re* echoed 'by many a tax-payer, out of whose pocket a quota comes towards paying the salaries of these gentlemen. The crops in this district (observes the Bacchus Marsh Express) promise well, es pecially the early barley. The weather is very unsettled, or harvest would soon com mence. It is expected that the barley will be ready before the . caterpillars are destructive. Grass is good, and it is considered there never was a . better season for-graziers, especially wool growers. : ' ' The Australian Insurance and Banking Record, referring to the current rumours on the subject, does not think that the banks will re duce the rate of interest on deposits until alter Ist July at the'earliest. Personal journalism has its evils. A young man named Edward Kelly has been severely assaulted by Cr Bailee, of Sandhurst, on sus picion that he. bad contributed an offensive paragraph concerning Bailee to ths new society ' paper the Melbourne Bulletin. There is a growing feeling here (writes ths Melbourne correspondent of the Camperdovm Chronicle) that the crops will be much injured if the weather does not take up shortly. Hr Ellery's announcement last week that tha weather is not much colder now than it was in 1871, when we had to keep a fire until within a few days of Christmas, does not appear to give much satisfaction. Our anxiety about.the state of the crops is much greater now than it was then, and we cannot overlook the fact that they are at the present moment in a very critical position. Everywhere wheat crop is shooting bot into ear, and do not get warm dry weather soon the harv&t; for 18S0-81 will be in peril. . It is proposed to start a woollen factory at Echuca. Victoria has (remarks the Hamilton Sped*' tor) long enjoyed the reputation of being the moat suitable country in the universe for the production of merino sheep, and no doubt, eo far sa high.class wool is concerned, it is 80, Riyerina however, it would appear that the sheep carry heavier ieeees, as we learn lh»t 12,000 weaners, which, were shorn as Jamba, hwe this season averaged Blb 12 oz of * l o°Jj for which the proprietors, Messrs Austin sou Millear, refused 13d per lb in Melbourne. Tha seems to be a splendid return, and doubtless other growers could furnish an equally satis factory report. It may be added that a merino ram owned by the same gentlemen yielded do less than 22 lb of .splendid wool. _ An instance of ** Barry ism" at YackaQ* •'dandah is referred to by a correspondent the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, who says “In consequence of the falling off in f bo average attendance of scholars at the Junction S ate school, the services of the work-mi* l **. 18 w»>d dispensed with,, bat as she bad he*n*J the situation ais years, and had obtained £°°* i- -d the average A short time ago the wife of from Ballarat, wanted'a 4^ through the influence of the \- ‘aiol as workuAlatresa u the the atferajje number the same as when the dismissed. _ Isuppoae this 1a ja h.‘ th the V^l'^?oos.o£ J retreilo¥ms4 ~ : W■ l,rrea a Melbourne correspandenl). ' a hatting people. Reference a«" p, -been made to the large sums sisW°'Slf in racing aweepi, bufwhat of the bets made upon really rfoUld be hungpr.not J of fad, donaiderable stima of Inge ’hands over the Kelly -if** 9 *’. Show held under the H r “ Ballarat Horticultural Society, •PKa» this week, viz., on Thursday ’’“Sir It is necessary to remind in- the!r "‘•‘■JW* ba J y-itae secretary to-morrow. ~ , I ratepayers of Ballaratshire • 1 t !e u;J at tho Shire-hall, Learmonth, at to support the continuance of the fltSttt municipalities.;. : s“®Siin our advertising columns that ' ! rooantty carried on by Messra Strang ■ : ’‘« S rtHaUof Corriraorcd, and at Geelong, jotuMbe conducted by James Strong; and Hollirar. corner of Camp and Mair ! buncos that he has secured improved t’y.K for the manufacture of Venetian : i l! i nduuow prepared to meet the require- WJ fts public fully, by supplying those Inf mod quality and cheaply, i&ndiatrr; pursued by Messrs Jno. Hollway Strong street, tho production of \- Id ware, is deserving of special notice.- elsewhere it will be seen iiueits Hollway and Sons are manufacture I iiltud bonnet boxes and Scarborough: R?L irents of superior quality, and are' to execute all orders for making or ISljkriiinedwaroi ■ i*’ ' ' J - ■ iffto secretary ot the • Ballarat Fire j.Jt,. gesires to acknowledge, with thanks, J«“ •. 0 f ro 10s from the Northern Assu | P cr faTOar o£ Mr F ’ M - Claxton > Ifa iscretary of tho Ballarat City Fire I ■ ah'd«ir*> to acknowledge the receipt of from the Northern Fire and i iJJjoresce Company as a donation to the brigade, per favour of Mr F. M, i tor tho concert by tho Hibernian ; v 9 sre informed, are now complete. • S'tieti are well distributed amongst tho < whose response in this instance is ro • o-Mlv solicited by the committee. Bruuh’a j Kjual.hall is one of the most comfortable 5 t'™dty. Its acoustic properties ere perfect, •Iritis Wins and gentlemen contributing ’trad! tie entertainment arc undeniably good ; i their several parts. A band will also bo in i deduce, and extra tickets procurable at ; i-ao's Music Warehouse. The programme I Jnfe'pehUsbod to-morrow morning. ; i,,iuge influx to Billarat is expected at i t-flais of foreign risitora and non-residents, j are busily engaged in organ j jl., pad concert at. tha Academy for ! jrjtßisuight, and one ihat will be a credit. ?baldly. The talent already engaged in-' I i-as Jin Cutter, Miss Alice Koes, Mies Davies i ,-rioi Miss Carandini), Mrs Carter, and Mr ! j.W.Birton, who is represented as having made ! cixmeose improvement during tho last twelve i sttH iu Melbourne. Onr readers will bo glad i bhartlstthe famous basso profundo, Mrß. ! j.jforoney, is alsoengaged. Thera will also bo I listed chorus and a choice band, and when we I si dii Mr P. Casaly has the whole of the ar j iigeaeotsia his hands, the public will be satis- I Jiltht they will be afforded a rare treat by an ! eablije of artists rarely, if ever, united on a hhat concert platform. 