CHAPTER XL : ' AMONG THE BHADOWS. ' .Ned, toe draer, had two passengers one day, -and when it was known that one of them was Barker, who was accompanied by a etrange lady, the frequenters of the little village stood quiet, waiting on the new com plication that wonld, perchance, be made public. When the travellers had entered the inn, Mr. Barker found a room for his com panion, and proceeded to that where the sick man lay. He quietly motioned to Mrs. Dalkin, who left her watch at the bedside, and they spoke in the passage together. " How is your husband, ma'am f inquired the officer with feeling-feeling for the face he saw, and the traces of wreck th&re; were tupon it. . ? ; . "He is not better; he liee.A without speak ing, and suffers in silence.!'., " Is he-is he bad ?" " So bad that be seems Bometimos to be on the brink of V She stopped speaking, as if her voice had foiled. There was no emotion on the wasted face that looked away past the detective in its inquiry of the future. " I have brought a person up who knew him at Brayford. She ia to see him. and identify him." "She?" "Yes, ma'am; Garth's .housekeeper. She must give evidence." The hot blood rushed to herf&ce;, as if Bhe had taken to herself again die old pride of bearing and the old beauty. " It's necessary, ma'am; it's the law. I'd be the last man to trouble you, God knows, ?but duty's duty." : . " Will he be disturbed ?" \- "Not a bit She.have only to see him, so'a to be able to swear that she see him and know him." \- " Bring her in, Mr. Barker. Tou will pro mise me one thing," and Bhe seemed to ask it as if it was a prayer, with her hand trem bling on hiB strong sleeve and her love trem bling in her large eyes. " You will not let this woman stay. Yon will take her away at once. Promise me, Mr. Barker." Mr. Barker cleared the huakiness out of his throat, moved hiB hat, and performed the pantomime of wiping the perspiration from his forehead with hiB hand before he trusted himBelf to reply. "I'll bundle her ont the minit she sets eyes on him. She's uncommon clever, they say; but she'll find she's wanted without, im mediate after identification. Sharp and quick will be the word. Ah! you'll see." In a short time-very short to the thinking of the dying man's' wife-the footsteps re turn edagain. There was but the one steady Btep coming between the two persons, but there was a faint stealing Bound accompany ing it. Barker was leading; behind him was a sober-hued figure, and in it that singular expression of self-containment and suggestion of silence that seemed like an accompaniment of mystery. The detective openfed the door with all the care possible, and he looked in with some concern. The room was in light The brilliance of the day was there, softened somewhat by a white curtain. Upon couch and floor were the same shades that crept along the walls from distant and moving branches. On the stretcher (disguised to seem like comfort), was visible the outlined shape, and on the pillows the white face of the prisoner. When they silently entered the lady put up her veil. Her features did not seem to have undergone change since Dalkin bad watched^her - away -from the railway Station. 'The same impreBSive contour and uncommon attraction. of expression in the strong face were there. It was as pale as that above the pillows, only it seemed'to have looked at the Medusse. In the eyes was life, not the life of expression, but: the ex pression of purpose. They were unyielding and singularly steadfast-looking. Dalkin lay. with his eyes closed, and the dark lashes down upon his sunken cheeks, as the house keeper stood perfectly still, gazing at him. The detective felt; or thonghtlie felt, a quick shiverof her dress, and he puttip his great hand to lay it oft her. as a sign that .sjie should leave, *hed Dalkin opfened histyes and fastened them directly upoh"tert,with an expression of knowing she was there,' aud of comprehending the visit. He spoke in a low tone, but with distinctness. " We meet again, Susan Hop wood, arid wfctaeet for the first time in the presence of njy wife. To her -to my wife-I owe a reparation ttiat cannot be made in thiB; world-a: reparation that a lifetime could not rtpajv Ifclp too late now. Between three and. four Ago I met you, when innocent of crime. .Some oneshowed me 4 path that was to lead;to happiness, of its kind. It was lurid .with passion and blasted of hope. <1 forgot the "brightness that was beside me, ss tnen' forget tfoe coming and the going of the summer days. . 'Some one led me away from honest faith- andtrust, and I am here. 1 do not say this to make a charge or to give blame. Only becanse it may Boften 1 my wife's thoughts of me hereafter to know. 1 that I was tempted. My only thought, now < that the grave ia opening, is for her, and mx only regret, that I left the trust and devotion that had grown with my life, and was part of it, for a career of sin. I do not blame yon for informing upon me. I do not blame you that I am entering the night without a guide. I sinned and 1 Buffer, and my course is draw ing to a close. Good night." It was strange this " Good night" in the bright room, where the sun was pencilling the shapes of swaying boughs. The patient pat out his thin hand slowly, and that of his wife found it. At. no time before through all the past did the Bame emile, so full of an earnest and sorrowful love, so passionate and despairing, visit his face. She who had seen it so often and known it so long conld but wonder and weep. The tender light that had now come to his eyes with parity in them, the bitterness of the repentance thus shown, and the whole expression of dreary regretfulness was too much for her strength. Her face fell by his, heedless of those present, a bright-brown tress fell upon his black hair, ana the arm that moved clingingly round him trembled with the grief that shook her. The shuffling sound made by the officer as he uneasily changed his attitude recalled her again, and she sat tip, waiting, no longer pale, but bright with colour and tears. Her husband's earnest glance travelled inquiringly from the white, calm features to those of his wife, and the flickering, smile came again. Susan Hop; wood, still silent, turned from him slowly to look at Mrs. Dalkin, and the two women, for the first time, were fairly face to face. There was some slight motion about the house; keeper's mouth, though Bhe looked as im penetrable; as ever, with her white brow con trasting the bands of rich red hair. She was strong atuj reserved above the blight of the knowledge that was within, watching the fair wife broken atxd bowed. The latter, by a great effort, had risen up.calmly and proudly, lolloped by the silent eyes of the man who was nearing the shadows. The visitor was about to speak; it might have been to the desolate woman or to the dying man. A. faint Hush touched her, and Bome new thonght was in her expression as the detective laid his hand upon her arm. The mask of 'serenity fell again, her white hands drew back the veil hastily, and she left without leaving be hind ber a ruBtle from her soft dress or a sound from her gliding feet, but she carried with her to'the world, and on such paths as were left for her tiring feet, a clinging shadow that no future prospect or future hope would diBpel. She left to be as widowed of peace as Jane Dalkin of the dying. The day wore on in the sickroom.' The sun on the window-blind became soberer, and slanting lights were coming past it tinged with the yellow of sunset, before the'sufferer spoke. Jane Dalkin sat watching him with that sorrow that does not find words. His eyes wandered wearily up and down the boarded walls, and along the iloor, upon the deeper shadows that were growing. " One night in your father's garden, Jane, I told you that no change in my life and no object of ambition could make me forget yon. You pointed out to where the woods ran up to th'e Organ Bock, so dark and peaceful in the moonlight, and you said if there were the freshness of Bpring and its fragrance, and the bloom of flowers, and all the buoyant joy of beauty and of constant hope, I would soon forget where we sat, where the cool light came straining through the willow-leaves, and you looked at tne while you spoke. afraid and smiling, with tears upon your face. I .strayed away to other courses, but' I never did forget yon, although God knows I often tried. Your face that night never left my memory or my dreams. How I have. Binned againBt you, and against the blessing bestowed in you! Why Bhonld repentance fail to me till now?" ? Mr. Jones entered silently, with his head uncovered. He had been standing timorously at the door, and took courage to say, " Repentance never comes too late." It was not the first death that he had attended in the distant settlement, and it was by no means the first time he had brought with him words of comfort. He read the service every Sunday to the few worshippers who gathered to listen, and to remember places where bells rang out, and where music pulsed along the aisleB, to profit by the words spoken and the thoughts they carried; and tne plain little hero, who had "humbly accepted the sphere that was given him, and had watched many hopes buried without repining, spoke solemn words, which were words of hope and strength. Who can tellthechangethatcomes when death is on the threshold? Why should not the Eurity and calmness imparted by its touch e but the outward evidence of change in the spirit, and its restoration from the stains and impurities gathered in its travel through the mire of vice and sin ? The man's eyfes kindled before the words he heard, and the hope they gave. If for him there was hope on the shore 'beyond the river, then his course had been mercifully ended by. the inscrutable Provi dence that would still show mercy. But trouble found bis eyea again as he looked at hiswife and thought of the years before her and what he might have been. The woman who had tempted him, with the impenetrable face and its baleful fascination, had come aw} gone from before him like a ghost For her be bad halted, and before her he fell. Beside him was the light that should have been his beacon, now to be broken and to drift on the unknown future. Dalkin pnt his hand oat again, to hold with a faltering pressure the hand of his wife. Mr. Jones had spoken his tidings in his grave and feeling way, and if the words he said trembled and were broken, it but added to -their power, and seemed to freight them with bigger mercy. He stood by, waiting and dimljrlibppfal in the strength of his single ness of purpose. The look of Dalkin ap pealed to brighten. It was there his soul seemed to - speak briefly to her in an in Btant's glance that showed how full was the returned love, as though peace had beeu found in repentance to yield him yet place of peace and. hayen of rept when the wreck that was foundering would be lodt from the horifcon of life. The grasp of the elnfcTrife mate began.to flutter on his wife's band as he ldoked round to the telegraph master entreatipgly, and whiskered £hbt he tebould pray. Anjl he prayed, hot as others do, with "glib phraBes and stereo ! typed expression, but his simple words were golden,, ana they gave rest. They seemed to mingle with the' y&llow; even ing sun; krid to weave in it a light that is greater than the day. Mar( 'and dajr were dying out together. He dirtily, saw his wife tbrqugh tears, and the last pressure of his ttahB^was hers.,' Thfe sun grew dimmer oh the floor, waning steadily,' apd life and ,sun died ohttogiBtheV The misted tfnrtain beyoM the trees had- fallen, and the'rijpsteiy'ardeath lay upon the clouded, eyes. Jape Dalkin felt that the blind had relaxed and lay nerveteaa. and she knew that her hosbanil h^ paasea the valley. The little 'man tpse froto his ; knees to see the widow in silent supplication, { and in his simple way he put his hand npon her head end said, "In tne evening time it: shall be light" The growth of "Witherstone wag slow ao long as the wires only tied it tocivilisation,bat as acre after acre was taken from the forest, and the ringing of the axe left the streets for the edge of the gap that waa wideuing in the silence of the solemn woods, and as nouses grew np on carpets of green that; caught yellow from the passage of son and seasons, and returned to labour great gifts of grain, sturdy men saw their need, and became active and importunate that the great em bodiment of civilisation should be despatched >. to meet their wants. And when it came abou. that rails riveted them to the cities where the wires had tied them, Witberstone grew^apace, and there was the clatter of traffic in it» BtreetB, and the weight of sameness and o£ calm that formerly had lain nponit took'fligh tr to rest where the haze ribboned the borizon. To many of the homes there industry had brought a content and peace which reigned in nnne more fully than in Laxton'a hooBe,. whither he had taken to share it her whom he would only know as the Jane Ritchie of Brayford. The change was made after Mr. Jones had died, %almly leaning on the promises, and when Laxton was promoted to his place. And the lady who had been a mother to the deserted lady found a home with th»m wbjJ* waiting on the summons that would; unite her to her own. Occupying a ..conspicuous place in the office was a telegraph instrument that had been fonnd buried in the doBt of' the old sawpit, and tarnish grew upon it while Carson laboured and grew grey behiM prison walls. ; <,r 