jfep^ ^©®it i r^^P|| 1 Poor Xew Chum ; I pitied him inallsinceritj', albeit he 'lithped' and twaddled, and told most unrighteous yarns of his father' 6 second coachman. He had been in Sydney three months, and nobody had offered him a sinecure, with £500 a year. Moreover, he had wasted his substance in riotous living, and his uncle had all his shirts, 'and he walked tenderly and cursed the paving stones, for they were hard. ' What the doose shall I do r1' he asked at length, ' fellah told me to go up country ana cnop trees, oy Jove: ' You should go.' Hunger reached him and he went and was saved. I know he was saved, because a week ago I received this — Ob, dark and dank and dismally The evening settled down, And wearily and mournfully I paced the little town. The creek trailed like a murderer's ghost, Deep in its channcll'd bed. The poor old hor&e; beside the post Drooped down his weary head. And gazing on that purling stream And listening to the wind. And musing on the sunny gleam, Of bright days left behind, Fierce anguish to my heart was sent. Fast fell the salt sad tear : I had not got one blessed cent * ? To raise a pint of beer. How should I aught but sigh and cry That most despondent day ? I tell you e'er the hour was by My woe had passed away. The grief was changed to radiant joy, I felt no more its load, But trod light-hearted as a boy, Along the dusty road. An aneel burst grief's sullen bands, Or, father truth to say, A cockie said he wanted' hands To help him make some hay. I jump to the conclusion that it was the telegram which lately came from Bourke to the effect that the whole of the Toorale clip of 1300 bales with all the Moculta fleecing is, this season, coming direct to Sj-dney, instead of going northward, as usual, which prompted some junior clerk in a merchant's firm, to stack 13 verses of what, I believe, is naught else than a parody, and a vile one too, of that very ancient ditty the ' Cork Leg.' These two bales — verses, I mean — will serve as a sample of the entire clip : — There was a time, not long ago. That people did not Sydney know, And western clips by rivers flow, Each year went to the north, sir ; But now the ' iron horse ' makes speed, And bullock power is thought weak-kneed, And squatters all seem quite agreed, To patronize our port, sir. Singing (with hydraulic accompaniment), Torale loorale— Toorale-li Toorale Mocul-j-ta. Though some folks say this is not well, That we can neiiherstorc nor sell, We are prepared to take our spell. And show that we can work, sir. At envious darts and specials chaff, Why we can well afford to laugh And spread our lines and telegraph Like net work through the land, sir. (Spoken, in a very confidential tone.) And though it may grate upon the ears of those who want all the cake and the platter given in, we have in this instance much pleasure in singing Toorale looral Toorale-li Toorale Mocul-i-ta. Mr. Fullford was, I have reason for saying it, a jolly and a good host, and is a rare good one behind a 12-bore with a blue-rock in front. Yet I write 'would he had missed a bird of such good quality as the late Colonial Treasurer.' Parrots, alas! are too plentiful. Why did not Mr. Fullford have a crack at one of these ? When in the Assembly, Mr. Cohen, like the sailor's bird, thought far more than he spoke, and when he did speak, made it apparent that he had something to say. In the last Parliament he was one of the very few who could reasonably aspire to take part in a debate on finance. The reflection makes me again regret the trueness of Mr. Fullford's aim. 'Women are kittle cattle,' I said, I know not 'why. But Adolphus lifted his world-weary eyes, and answered, '? That's true. Yes, you bet jour last dear silver coin that's true. You roll that saying over amongst all your troubles for the next 10 years, and say it's very true.' They married easily, I know, Adolphus and Juanita. Their ideas were feebly ex pressed for a long long time. But one night, as I have been told, Adolphus talked vaguely with Seraphina upon the balcony, and Juanita sat disconsolate by the wall. He thought of her, andjsent down comfits and consolation, but it would appear they were not accepted, for later a conversation was heard in this wise:-' Did you enjoy them?' 'No, dear, I Ea^' 'Whyf' ' Because you were vexed.' And then?' .'You told me if I didn't want them to give them to the cat.' 'And?' 'I gave them to the cat.' And! Well, he loved her for that sweet simplicity, and for the same he married her; but it is said that Juanita's sim plicity has faded away, and Adolphus is seldom Been upon the balcony now, but loves to talk. bitterly of mother Eve, and to tell the tale of Delilah or of Lilian, and at times, in the white moonlight, looks perplexed as Hamlet upon the battlements, and woe begone as Falstaff when the merry wives of Windsor were laughing at their loudest. The gentleman of unruffled demeanour, who in this case has suffered 'by the pencil of our artist, is not, as that most erratic of the knights of the brush would have us imagine, lean, hungry, and cadaverous, the victim of some deep-rooted melancholy, but one of the jolliest fellows ima ginable. One whose sallies and j ests oft set the House in a roar. The likeness, despite the sinister motive alluded to} is so far preserved that I need scarcely say it is the Hon. Ezekiel Alex ander Baker, the pre sent Minister for Mines. He has just been returned by an overwhelming 'ma- jority for Carcoar, his colleague for that constituency being that remarkable and celebrated legislator, Mr. Andrew Lynch. Mr. Baker has been many things. He at one time ran a news paper on a goldfield, and I believe wrote his own leaders. It was while thus en gaged that he ma tared and became fittedfo* Parliament. No legislator of my acquaintance pos sesses a more evenly balanced mind than Mr. B. He is not one of your hot-headed thick and thin supporters. The weight of a hair brings him from one side of the balance to the other. He knows just how far a party majr be safely followed, and the way in which he manages to shift from one side to the other is eminently worthy of imi tation by those newly-fledged politicians which the present election has brought to the fg,re. Some people would call him an office seeker. I am not one of these. The emoluments of office may be the attraction for Mr. Baker is an old digger. Who will blame him for delving in the most nuggetty spots ? The Solomon Islanders are again foremost in the ranks of notoriety. They have piled outrage upon outrage through the past 100 years, as seeking to prove themselves pariahs of the human race — human tigers with a den of their own. Have we need of their den ? Can we claim it upon any plea of neces sity, or pretext of the general weal 5 If not, we had surely better leave it as it is, already deeply drenched in whiteman's blood. But if wnnted, wanted suffi ciently to justify possession at all hazards, but one course seems open — the tigers must die. A* black fcllojv stood by the banks of the Darling River, as the first steamer brushed the low boughs of the gums. ?'Debbil. debbil, big fellow that,1' the others had said, and fled to 'the wilds. But Jackie was curious and stayed ; crept down on board at nightfall, and approached the funnel, tapped it with his nullah nullah, and brightened with instant satisfaction. Captain Jinks came up. ' Know him, Jackie r' 'My word!' 'What call him?' 'Call him ole man pannikin when tea too much hot ; go puff, puff.' Jackie's explanation had credence with his fellows in the bush, and fear of the river demon vanished for ever. Is there a moral in the story ? Had Solomon Islanders and all the rest who have occasionally found sustenance on white man's flesh .discovered, like Jackie, the harmless, nay, genial nature of the white man's engines of progress, should we hear so much raving to-day of ' black fiends'' polluting the fairest oasis of God's green earth ! ST. JOHN OF PEKIN : A SKETCH BY GBANVILXE SHARP. ' You savee, Massee Medlee, Massee Sharp's li'tee, all the same Chinee man as pictee in your joss house, welly good ?' Well, as I have remarked before John, not quite. I confess, John, indeed it affords me infinite satisfaction to -say it, you are like certain homoeopathic drugs, good when taken in very small quantities, but one can have too much of you — a great deal too much, John. You grow 'im cabbagee, you washee tin. I am prepared to echo your own words, John, ' Welly good cabbagee,' but there are some of your practices I do not admire. You smoke opium, John, you gamble, you pack yourselves with others as you sometimes pack cards ; and your home, John, will not bear close inspection. Your moral code is not as strict as it might be, John, and although, as Massee Sharp says, you do not show prominently in criminal statistics, you have many low vices. When scattered over market gardens, tin fields, and other places, you welly good John, you savee, but when all together likum bunchee of turnipee, you welly bad John, I might say objectionable. Massee Sharp [uotee figuree, John. You savee figuree on tea chest not always all litee. Our men Englishee, John, some time all the same go out on spree, drink lum and beer, and knockee down policee. You no knock him down any one, John. You no drink lum or whiskee. You go on spree too, smoke opium, grow sleepee, John — no locked up like Englishee. But you're no saint, John, although Mr. Granvilie Sharp believes you so immaculate. Sir William Harcourt, in that old-fashioned country named England, talks seriously of flogging all small boys who persist in throwing stones at people in railway trains, or at chestnut trees in public parks to the annoyance and danger of passers-by, or who break into orchards and fruit gardens, disregarding the estab lished rights of meum and tuum. Most sensible people say Sir William Harcourt is right ; it would be better for the boys and their elders too. Big boys in Aus tralia, boys with spikelike hairs protruding from heavy jowls, with deep-set eyes and straitened fore heads, and mouths that vomit filth and blasphemy, commit outrages daily in Australia beside which the apple-stealing and stone-throwing of the little boys in England seem offences of a very venial type. Last week a Chinaman's eye was kicked out; an old orange man was knocked down and trampled on, three ribs broken ; a witless dolt, was asked as to the time of night, he took out his watch, the inquirer snatched it, a friend tripped up the unfortunate's heels, and six more walked across him. They are lively episodes in our otherwise tranquil exist ence. Perhaps that is the reason we are loth to be rid of them. Certainly if one should propose to cut them out with the cat, he would be regarded in many quarters as a deeper dyed villain than one who should rob a blind man, or kick the crutches from a cripple. This sentimentality is a risky thing ; shall we ever grow out of it ? He is a little old man, and he lives over there at Bris bane Water. His name is Tobin ; he worries a 40 acre block, and he humps his ' damper dust' a dis tance of six or seven miles. The other evening he was seen mounted on his ancient mare with an inch or two of Irish clay projecting from his mouth, and a sack of flour slung across the saddle. ' Bedad,' said he, after arriving at the top of a big hill, ' I think the ould woman has had enough iv it ; and, troth, I will give her a spell.' And this humane country gentleman was observed lifting the flour from the saddle and placing it on his own shoulder. It is only fair to add that he continued his 'thravels ' on the ' ould woman's ' back. Boss : J hope to find you more obedient to orders in future! if you are not, I shall certainly discharge you. Who was it made a whip to lash himself? My memory is so defective, but for that matter its a pro ceeding which is common enough. There's Sir Henry, our Pfemier, for' instance, his whip is growing larger and robre threatening. Even now the lash ia being flourished, but its done in such a quiet way, that we, although outsiders, know very little about it. The chances are not remote that Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., will soon tire of the inside work, and demand the box seat. Genuine bravery is rare as are good wit and good wine. Years pass, and the wide world eives us no instance of stalwart heroism that seems worthy of being placed on record; nothing that stirs us up as Casabianca and Horatius used to do, as the Loch Aid and Tom Pearce episode did, even as a little story briefly related in the last week's Queensland telegrams did. Five boys were bathing in the Bris bane River, one swimming, his mates in the shallows ; a black demon of a shark went for the morsel of white flesh floating so temptingly above him— a long black, hungry demon, with jaws agape and back fin cutting the water. The lads in the shallows saw the danger, and ran home screaming, you may surmise. Surely it was the natural course; but there was something -altogether unnatural in the pluck of these lads. They dashed out into the water with yells and shouts, they fought around the monster,' and dragged their comrade torn and bleeding from his jaws. Too late, alas ! They tell us he has died since. Too late for the practical success they merited so well, yet Surely not too late to have earned the applause of every man who holds a spark of fire within his body of clay. Have you ever seen the jaws of the black sea demon agape as he rises through the water for a final rush ? If so, you will understand that those Brisbane lads faced danger before which a Badajos or Balaklava hero might have quailed. You will rejoice in the proved pluck of the young Bananaland, and say the good old blood throbs strongly within us yet. Cases of personation were amusing at the outset ; they are becoming somewhat serious now, and 'tis probable that many good citizens will learn in ' bonds of affliction' that a man's personality is not less sacred than his name — his presence at the polling booth equivalent to his signature at the bank counter. Strange that so simple a lesson should be so hardly earned. But if every case of personation was duly tried and adjudged, we should need gaols of another kind. In how many instances do certain measures of alcohol represent men? Wouldn't the vote be straighter and squarer, and the results be cleaner and higher if, upon election day, no measure of alcoholic liquor were swallowed from the rising to. the setting sun?— if election day were a high and holy day, as it ought to be ? It is worth considering, if we would have representatives of brains rather than of beer. One of our most enterprising tailors advertises his most enduring £3 3s. suits as the ' Dibbs.' I don't like it, Hanlan. It is hungry, if not mean. I was glad at heart when you won the other race, because I considered that we had stuck our hero upon too high a pedestal, and, worse still, were shoulder ing up alongside him, to the danger of our necks and understanding, i ou gave our too assertive Chauvin ism a wholesome check while mounting yourself a big step higher ; but this hungering and thirst ing after riches does not become you. Are you so certain of victory? Then why crush the poor Cornstalk beneath an overwhelming load ? Or is it possible that a shadow of fear has crept in, and that the big bet was thrust out as a baulk? It is a blot upon your escutcheon — oh, prince of scullers, hitherto so clean and bright. Candidate : Well, mum, as you say your good gentleman 'as promised Us vote to the bother party, I can't do no helection business; but I awale myself of this hopportunity to hinform you that for boots or shoes, or for solin' or heelin' 'cm, mine's the' ? tip-top establishme7it in town. There has been a strange conglomeration of trade and politics of late. Badham the grocer has been working assiduously for DampchaS, the produce merchant, both being in the same line, while Waxend the proprietor of the 'boot and shoe emporium,' it would be vulgar now to say shoe shop, has been receiving the stongest support from Soak, the tanner. The other day I had a brief chat with Waxend, in which I expressed my astonishment that he could afford such a luxury as an election, and bear the loss of time, which would follow if elected. ' Ho, bless your art,' he replied. 'I expect to make it pay andsomely. It extends my connection, and you'll say yourself, when you look at the matter a little more closely, that its a ' hay one ' advertisement. Badham was a nobody, and kept a one-horse shop until he becauifi a halderman. Now he's got contracts, and drives is carriage. When I put up, people will ask who's Waxend r Why, Its as good a line as the ' Op Bitters Prize.'' Few men departing leave a wider gap in the world than William Saurin Lyster. Every man to whom the word opera brings an emotion of pleasure will learn with regret that its patent in Australia is dead. Those who were privileged with the most transitory personal acquaintance must feel emotion of a deeper kind, for a truer, nobler heart than Lyster's never beat. Good breeding, hard fighting, and an uphill struggling with the world fashioned him to a very noble man. He had the body of a gladiator, the face of an old Assyrian king, and a heart withal that might have filled the breast of Hercules. When the electors of the Macleay and the Hr stings, and of the Manning, recently implored Mr. Smith to favour them by again acting as their member, and to halve himself if possible, no fewer than 2084 signa tures appeal ed in the petition. Of all these only 34 names were given as an advertisement in the Herald, and to each there appeared '? J.P.' I assume that Mr. Smith would have published -the lot had it not been for an appeal from the head of the mechanical department of our worthy morning contemporary. All persons connected with printing know that P.'s are plentiful enough, but the stock of J.'s is limited. In this part of the world, to use an expression common in whist, 'honours are easy;' but type, as usual, are stubborn. The omission of the remaining 2050 magis trates from the list may, without explanation, cause some heartburnings in the districts mentioned. Permit me to introduce Mr. John Fitzgerald Burns, a gentleman who has for over 16 years served the country as member for the Hunter. A good man working for a good district. His constituents are of the sensible class, who do not whirl with every wind, and who do not value their representative merely for the roads and bridges which he manages to wrest from, the Works Department. When opposed the other day he had the good sense to tell the electors that he was not one who would occupy the position of a local delegate. He was not hooted for this, and when the ballot-box was opened he found himself 220 votes to the fore. He has filled the office of Post master-General with credit under two Governments. He has always been an active worker, and many of the good features of the postal and telegraph departments are due to his energy. When on the Government benches he is consistent, and I believe, means what he says. He is not evenly balanced like my friend of the Mines, so he keeps his position on the light side of the scale. He is no mean power in Opposition, and when aroused can make a very bitter speech. I do not consider him faultless, but for the legislative race lie is undoubtedly the K'rect (postal) card. 