AMERICAN NEWS. gSTWecompUe the following from, late American jour nals The ' Southron' complains that Gaines ville is filled to overflowing with idle boys, who make wall flowers of themselves all day long on the streets for passing ladies to look at and admire. On the subject of Mormonism in Georgia, the * McDuffie Journal' says :— " Who would have believed twenty years ago that, in the good old state of Georgia, where churches and school houses dot every hillside and valley, where orthodox Christianity and the purest morality and religion have flourished for so many years, the odious doctrines of the Mormons would ever find an advocate or a disciple ? Yet such is unfortunately the case. A few years ago two so-called Bishops of that church visited North Georgia, preached a number of sermons, and made several proselytes. The good people of that sec tion, feeling conscious of their own moral strength, and not dreaming of danger, al lowed. these men to occupy their school houses and court houses for the dissemi nation of their vicious creeds, and multi tudes, through curiosity, flocked to hear them. And now the seeds then sown are beginning to produce their legitimate fruit. A few weeks ago one Elder Standing, a Mormon, appeared in the same seotion, and commenced a series of lectures. He was a man of much talent and fine address, and his influence soon became apparent. His converts were counted by scores. Family ties were disruptered, and the happiness of many households wrecked by his infamous teachings. He met the fate which he might have expected and richly merited. The wronged and outraged citizens arose in their wrath and put him to death. But the trouble is not yet ended. It is announced that a large number of emi grants, including men, women, and chil dren, will start from that section for Utah in a few weeks, and other Mormon mis sionaries will be sent to Georgia to con tinue the work already begun. And now the question iB, what is to be done about it 1" The Harlem * Columbian' reports an amusing case of mistaken identity at a camp meeting near that place on Monday last. It says that a young man who is cultivating a virgin moustache, stepped up gallantly to a married lady and soli cited the pleasure of her company for a promenade. With visions of her girlhood doubtless flitting across her memory, she consented. The stroll was pleasant until he began whispering softly, sentimentally, in her ear, when she remarked that per haps it was her sister he wanted. Blank amazement rooted him to the spot. He thought he had been with her sister all the time. They say lightning never strikes twice in the same place, but according to the Jefferson 'Forest Nowb' it has struck very near the house of Mr. Abe Year wood, of Jackson county, every year for ten yearB past. A preacher in Monticello, on being asked by an ignorant coloured man what he should do to afford some relief to his sick wife, told the man to place the Se-, cond Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy in a flask of whisky, and give her a drink of the liquor three times a day. The man followed the instructions, and in a few weeks his wife died. The Monticello ' Constitution,' relating this incident, re marks :—" It is Bimply outrageous that a preacher of the intelligence of the one1 referred to should thus impose upon his ignorant followers. It is barely possible that he supposed the remedy prescribed would bring relief, and the coloured man imposed upon should report the case to the parson's church, and a rigid investiga tion of the motives prompting his conduct be had. It is very well that the remedy prescribed was a harmless one, for other wise the courts might have a word to say in the premises. Verily, the supersti tion of the coloured race is beyond com prehension. Augusta * News': "In a divorce case in Georgia some time ago, the Judge con cluded his opinion in these words: ' Without intending to reflect upon the wife in this case, for I take it for granted that the libellant is to blame, still I warn all plain men against marrying women by the euphonious names of Dulcinea, Felixiana, &c.; These melifluous names will do for novels, but not for everyday life.'" Mr. N. G. Rice, who was one of the oldest men in Wilkes county, being 88 years of age, died at his home on the Greensboro road last Saturday night. The Washington ' Gazette' says of him : " He had passed his ' three score years and ten' by almost a full score, and had seen generation after generation spring into existence, live, and then pass away. The war clouds had again and again lowered over the land, and then had blown away, and still he was left to tell the tale, when many of his comrades had fallen the victims of the carnage. He was a soldier in the war of 1812, and waB still drawing a pension from the United States Government at the time of his death. We believed he had lived in this county all of his life and was known by almost every person in it. He was the father of 12 or 14 children, and also had a large number of grandchil dren. He leaves a widow 92 years old. 52 years ago Mr. Rice got out some nice walnut timber from the woods and had it sawn up into planks, and said he wanted his cofiin made of that when he died. Coffin makers were born, served their day and generation, and died, still his coffin remained unmade. But on last Sunday, after fifty-two years, the old walnut wood was taken from its long resting place and made into a coffin." A Pulse Metre.—W. H. H. Barton, of Yarmouth, has invented a machine which he calls a pulse metre, as it is operated by the pulse. This machine, which has taken him four years to make, when placed on the wrist, records the pulse. At every beat a hand advances one degree over the dial, thus recording the number of beats. Another hand sweeps over a graduated scale, which shows the force or intensity of tlie pulse. More remarkable still, a hammer is made to strike a bell and give forth a clear and distinct sound, thus making the human pulse audible as well as visible.—' Boston Herald.' Thieves so exasperated Prof. Deham, at Castle Shannon, Pennsylvania, by stealing fruit from his garden at night, that he resolved to shoot the next of fender. While watching in a grape arbor, gun in hand, he heard a rustling among some bushes and fired in the direction. Then he went to ascertain whether he had hit anybody, and while he was searching in the bushes his hired man shot him dead, mistaking him for the thief. How a Coloured Deacon was Charmed by a Rattle.—A coloured deacon of Na v&sota;, Texas, affirms that he was once charmed by a flat-bellied rattlesnake, and favoured the local weekly with a circumstantial account of his adventure. On his way from meeting he took a short cut across a field (a sweet potato field his neighbours suspect), and was just in the act of climbing a fence when his eye was caught by a piercing glitter in the weeds, a sudden flash-like gleam that went through him like an electric shock, and made him grab the top rail with a convulsive grip. He tried to jump down but could not; his legs were paralysed, and a feeling of numbness began to creep up his body and towards his heart, while his eyes became so rigid that he could not even wink. He found that he could howl, which he did with all his might; but, instead of being scared, the reptile wagged his tail and came a little nearer. He gave himself up for lost, when he suddenly thought of a big prayer book in his pocket, and in the moment when the serpent braced itself for a spring, he hurled at its head a copy of Baxter's "Saints' Rest" (Tract Society edition, 8 vo.), which, either by its weight or by its orthodox vigour, staggered the fiend for a second or two, during which the deacon effected his es cape. Windfalls.—William Ulmer, until re cently a barkeeper in the employ of a Cincinnati hotelkeeper, is reported by fcllA ' lilnonipni.' kotr/> the Cincinnati ' Enquirer' to have fallen joint heir with his brother to an estate of 500,000 francs ($100,000) in France, the property of his father, who was a large wine commission merchant in Paris. Ulmer left Cincinnati some time ago, however, and his present where abouts is not known. The same paper publishes an account of the good luck of a young woman named Stella Norton, who three months ago was a servant in the Grand Hotel, a few days ago was leading a life of shame, and is now heiress to an estate of $175,000 in Eng land. A society has been formed in the Church of England to preserve intact the Prayer Book as it now is. On the other hand, Dean Stanley lately spoke in favour of a number of changes, and condemned the rule which forbade the use of the burial service over " the most saintly member of the Society of Friends, or the most innocent child of a Baptist." Deer hunting is a great pastime in Emanuel county. The Swaiusboro ' He rald' says: " Mr. George M. Morris sends us the horns of a buck killed by him near Pendleton creek, while hunting with Mr. Green and Thomas Morris on the 23rd of last month. We are told that this the largest deer that has been killed for some time, and measured five feet eight inches. The horns, which can be seen at our office, measure two feet four inches. On the drive the Morris boys jumped three deer and shot two, one of which they tracked for five miles, and gave up the trail on account of a heavy rain storm coming up. The buck which was secured, we learn, was a very fine one, and the boys are proud of their day's sport. The Dublin 'Post' tells of a singular circumstance connected with the death of Mr. M. J. Guyton, which occurred in that town last Sunday afternoon. It says that he became possessed some time ago of the presentiment that he would die before the first of September. For the last ten days of his life he enquired daily as to the day of the month, and anxiously numbered his remaining days. On Sunday, the last day, he counted the hours, and when, in answer to his en quiry, he was told it was five o'clock, he whispered indistinctly something about sunset and expired with the words on his lips. A sister of his died under the in fluence of a similar presentiment some years ago. Col. John Maund tells the biggest snake story of the season. He says that on Mayor Huff's place, near Macon, the negroes wore out six weeding hoes chop ping off the heads of snakes which were crossing from one pond to another. It was estimated that fifteen thousand snakes were killed. Colonel Maund proved his statement by Mayor Huff. On Thursday night last the family of the Rev. Mr. Josephs in Atlanta were frightened almost to death by the mysterious appearance at their residence of a ghost or something else. The ' Post' says that about 12 o'clock on the night in question a strange woman, having on a white shawl and her head encased in a white cloth, entered the house of the Rev. Prank Josephs, who resides at the corner of Jones aDd Martin steets. Her un timely appearance somewhat startled the family, and when asked where she was from and who she was, simply replied that she was from Kirk wood, whereupon she turned around and left the house without another word. .Mr. Josephs is at a loss to explain the matter. According to the Hamilton (Journal,' Waiton Jackson, a respectable coloured man, living four miles West of Hamilton, killed eighteen rattlesnakes last Thursday. Julia Johnson, the negress who was ac cused of the murder of old Mrs. Farmer and her two daughters, in September, 1878, and who was acquitted because the principal witness, Miss Bettie Farmer, failed to recognise her, is now on trial at Jonesboro, for assault with intent to kill Miss Bettie Farmer at the same time. A correspondent of the ' Griffin News' de scribes a disgraceful scene wbich took place during the trial on Monday last. He says that as the case was progressing three negro women walked into the bar and took chairs by the side of the pri soner. As soon as the old lady, Miss Bettie Farmer, entered the house to tes tify, these negroes and the prisoner com menced chauging seats and bonnets. They changed backward and forward probably a dozen or more times. The idea was that Miss Bettie had been posted as to Julia's hat aud location, and knowing that she was nearly blind they wished to make her fail to recognise the prisoner, as she did ou the former trial. But her evidence was pretty clear and pointed, and showed that she fully recog- , nised the prisoner, and that the prisoner | gave her the intended fatal blow, and after- j wards murdered her mother. Says the j correspondent: " The way these negro wenches were permitted to act in the court room to deceive this old, blind, simple, inoffensive lady, was, to say the least of it, no credit to the court or law yers engaged in the defence." i Bainbridge ' Democrat' :—" At last we can say that there is no hook upon which to hang a doubt as to the future pros- I perity of our town and county. Bain bridge has long been known as the best ; cotton market outside of Savannah, and i our merchants have often, during past seasons, been enabled to pay higher prices for the fleecy staple than it would bring ! in Savannah. Her business has always been good, even when other towns were crying hard times. Her business men seem more active, and despite the cry of ' short crops,' are more sanguine than ever before." A child in Excelsior, Bulloch county, fell through a crack in the parlor floor. The Excelsior ' News' says the houses that are built for renting in that town should have the cracks in the floors stopped up, or some child will got its leg broken. Not a Moment Too Soon.—A young and well dressed man, apparently onlj partially recovered from a spree, gave his name in the Tombs Court, on Friday, as Richard A. Smith, of Brooklyn, and was charged by Officer Crowley, of the Four teenth precinct, with intoxication. An elderly gentleman held a hurried conver sation with the officer and Justice Otter bourg before tbe ease was called. It was afterwards learned that the prisoner is a wealthy resident of Brooklyn. Ou Wed nesday last he drew $1000 from the Union Dime Savings Bank, and spent a greaf deal of it in drink. Late on Thusrday evening he went to the Van Dyke House, corner of Bayard-street and the Bowery, with only $2 50 in his possession, regis tered, and was assigned a room. He then telegraphed to liis wife in Lafayette avenue, Brooklyn, bidding her good-bye, and announcing that he was determined to commit suicide. The lady at once or dered the carriage and team, drove with all speed to the Van Dyke House, and caused the arrest by Officer Crowley of her husband. In his room, on the table, was a tumbler containing laudanum aud Paris green. Justice Otterbourg turned him over to the care of his wife and the elderly gentleman, who proved to be his father-in- law. The carriage had been waiting at the Tombs for an hour, and into this the party entered and were driven rapidly away.— New York He raid. 