ilt. DIXON AU PRltIRAN. Mr. H. J. Dimo , tio Liberal candidhite for St. IKilda criuntiturioey, wealdrorl a icuarierer aniain blge oif tue lectort ait the Tireri Hill, Pralircic, err MLoudaylovniec.h It ladi beer rirennea thlii os. i Arkle, ksaq. (Mayor Af leralrrin) shiuld prinide, bra that geri tlemniri waa attoeiline au election erecting in his owi intirent at Willainmatwn; arid acerlingly forwardiel i litter apeloiririn for hlir uneveidrble mabene, rind in whlicella h 'igijted. that Cr Willis serould occupy teir chi ir., It wan. hoverer, oi the auggeatior of Mfr. Digoa r unanirnoeuly decided that Or. ltalelrsihoulid pr1airdo. The hill wrd tlorouachly crowrded, and o.c tre platforem tlrerd: Wercrienu'ber of prnreireent sep arteridf tljo'MiIinibry, irwli lihig Mesere. Hayca, Ihlooinilld, ELi4<: Owrcc,'/ Mioor, Snare, Cihiel, Blanch atr, Orook, Harris, &c.; The elirrirrnien brielly introduced the candidate req ceatinig thrit he micigit be accorded a patientand ottcrrtivcalhoaring. Tiiougic some if thirhtqecight not agree rith hIis political ervis, be wan sure they all lotied fir play, and that thiy would accord tire candidate that attention which tire resideits of Praraani were accutomied to give to publio mcni. He was srry that tbo Mayor coildino t atteind, and shoald hrae preforred if the ruty of presiding river sucnih nirmerousn and influeetirl meeting hld fallce into ablid Iands. As, howeeer, he had been cailed upon io fill thin chair he rould not ekirk the duty rehich tie position involved. (Ohearo). lie now begged to introduae the crnrdidate. Mr. Dixon, on coming torward, was received with hearty cheers. He said that the position he now held was very different from what it was some six years ago. Thou he was comparatively un. known, but though unknown, he was returned by large. majority, and now there was no occasion why he should present himself with an apology for his c.mdidature. They had done him the h-mour three years ago of re-electing him, also with a large majority, and he now came before themn as a.tried man, ready and willing to give an account of his stewardship. (Cheers). hie would now briefly state his:views on the present and future aspecae.o political alfairs in the colony. (Cheers).- When he was flrst elected Sir Jas. MlOulloch was Premier and he at that time announced his determined opposition to the policy of that gentleman. Sdiec then a land tax had been imposed. . It was, now over, an imperfect measure, and would have to be amoeded. He had at that time expressed himsell in favour of a land tax, and the statement was .received with general favour. What was nowre quired was aamended classiication of the large estates, knd this question -was' one .that would engage the attention of the next Parliament. MueO had been done by various Governmints for tlii squatters, who, in their turn, had done but littis towards paying their fair share of the taxes. l1 was alleged that the general depression of trade was due'to the policy oE the Berry Ministry, aric there could be no doubt that. there was sonethine in the allogation, for the fact was that as soon is th Land Tax becime the law of the land, the squatter .-one and all-buttoned up their breeches' pocket aixd tightened their purse strings; discharging ever man with whoso services they could dispense, ane as.a consequence" many people were thrown out o employment. The Land Tax, for which only sevre members of the Opposition voted, was followed bj other dilfcultios. The Couici., tliough'induced ti pass the Land Tax, were counselled by the Argu to take their revenge by rejeot:ng the bill providmng for the payment of members.. Before the question was brougut before Parliament, the Council asked the Govenor, Sir Geo. Bowen, not to allow the amount to be placed on the estimates. The pro cedure was mostiunconititutional, and quite un paralled in their political history. From that time the Opposition had obstructed most persistently every measure of practical legislation, and it had dode nothing but abuse the Ministry and its sup porters. ( heers). In fact, it was the fault of the Opposition that so few measures of practical utility had found their way into the statute book,. The policy of the Opposition:was that of the lawyer " When you have no case, abuse the other side.' lHo did iot quite concur with Mr. Berry's: Rfonrm Bill, but he had, in compliance-with his pledges voted for it, though he h-d been told that if he haad not votel for the third reading"he would havi been rethrned for St. Kilda without opposition Hl had carried out his pledges toitho electors, wrhioh were to vote for reform irrespective of the parties bj whom it might be introduc-ed.' (Chders).' The. had two: neasures of Reform' before them, that .o Mr. Berry and Mr. Servioe's tshene . ' Mr. Berry' proposal; embraced the plebesoite, which -it Inw alleged was un-Eriglish, but the Norweigian saheme was equally uu-Eoglish; and so also was vote by ballot. The argument, therefore, that it was .uu English was not worth a moment's conaideration eo would ask were Conservatives afraid of remittii, political questions to the intelligence of tile peopil of the colony a- lIarego I, seemed is if they were but the people of Victoria were among the besa educated and intelligent people in the world. Wh then should they not be perm ttod to decide or such measures as payment of members, or minini on private property ? Would not such a course bh fir bettor thian having coitinuous "deadlooks." Ii was possible that the result would be to inmke rotina compulsory. 'iTe next matter to whilch he haldlt advert was the sixth clause. It was alleged thaI this clause would enable the Ministry of the day te dip their hand into the public purse without elchl or control ofany kind-that it removed all the safe. guards against a corrupt Legislative Assembly.- It did not think so for to have a corrupt vote thae would requiro to have a corrupt House, a corrupl Ministry, and a corrupt Governor. Thus it would be scao that a corrupt vote was really an impossi bility. In the first pla.c, there must be a message from the Governor before a vote could be intro duced. Then any iniquitous vote could be kept suspended in. the Assembly .for weeks by.one or two Opposition members until the feeling of the count y was roused.' Infact, the clause was sur roun ed ivith safeguars. He was prepare:, how. eve:', to see the principle still further extended and furthersafeguards provided. (Oheers). Ioe would not approve of payments being made unless tley were pAssed by al abealute majority of the As soanbly, I (Cheers). Now, coming to Mr. Servioo's proposals lhe had no hesitation in.saying they would not prevdoc deadlooks, and further, that they would not secure finality of legislatibn (Oheers). Even with an e tension of the Upper House afran hiso to the ratteraying electors tlere would still, be a dlffreonce between the'constituencies of the Council nid the Assembly.' Why should Mr. Service pre for tile ratepayers' to the manhood suffrage?. The propisal lhe (MIr. Dixon) iade six years ago was tlat tlhe constituencies of the Astembly and Council ,iuould bd amalgamated, that 116 members .sIould be returned to Cue Assembly, and that out of this number 30 should beo alson to oaJnstltute the seoond cl;aniber, and that in case of a disagreement between tlhe two House. both should be dissolveJ. To his mind such.a sheome was far better than thi one propose I by Mr. Service. It was certainly one calbulate? to ecouro finality oflegislation. (Choers). Whiltt gusrantee he would ask had Mr. Service that the Council would acoept, is measure rather thrin that of Ar Borry All.lrdervioe had atBrmed was that lie thought the Council would submit to a co ipromise, but the assertion was not supported by ahets. A reference to Hansard showed that Dr. Dobson, in October last, moved an amendment on Sir Ciaries Sladon's Jild, having for its aim the adoption of the ltatopAyers' ioll as the electoral b.ais of the Oouuold. .In the discussion that eiisued the lon . . N, Fitzgerald reinarked thte it had not " the ghost of a ahow," while )r. Hearn asserted th-it he did not believe Dr. Dobsol: was .nnrinnainnroaoalneit. It~ra ^ «ldant thot M>. Servicos object was solely -to turn out the Berry Miuiatry, snd tliai with Jiuni it wa in mairlo qIce tionoiss au1 t oats. (0QOUIrs). UI~P~ l glypnsa conslatent support toth ttarin the -donof pritottian, but Iha hud boatihUioroughlly opj(sed to thu stock tar. Efe ovaslso in favqur of;.pymesot of otetobors, as it enabled rural cm'seborste devrijt the tisnosehich they othrcwtsosoauld enot do to Lhe allfirs of the country. Ho' thoulght thi taitd Lls a reuired irmendtiihut and thant nhcountry:.liisdc shoull be dispased of bji slo.lie tthabtit:should! bs. let os lepssa's steao which koutd biseequitAibls to: all parties. (ih~ors). H:owourold pserely caiU to tfhiir misid the manytlaol smpropomeuntas siol ho. hadbteti succensful: its obtqieienufor tihem bobtli. St. Kilda did'Prahiran. Amongst these his 1rutidC direct attention to thue t Kilds pier, te erectii at Pruhruti of a post and tetl a ph office; Henad obtainted these' and several other things for the district. (ChIeers). He1 d lia als soupportei ih purchase of the ifobsoin' lhsijy Pouilway a hesia conciticod they sll concurrcdsth the nyi~doss:p~ that proeuauiry.: (Olicerso Iii y 5'f cloouto tiots with Afr. fiell he ascribe4 to iipiIl tthi credit of the inceeption of those oegotjatiult~ t had resislted- it the purchlso jof th. tproperty at £8) per 'share. Itn ciicnlsion h desirqd thank them fosi the patien apnd altteutive lieiire they liad rilfirded him. (Prolongped chesring) '$ o the motioo:of Mr .Johic Owei a yaoteof thsaiks eseonded by Mhfr.henry Harrhiswas outhusiiiastaly acoarded to the atisdidate Mr. Dixon has also held a qumtbsr of meetings in varinuo p irtions of the didtrieL duartiig thieseock, where otithusiastie roeoptiodn liiiars cicn hiteordod him, and- promises given to support him on the day of olectiosi. 