Ipgtttag. A CAT CAII.-A correspondent of Nature tells the following story of feline intelli gence :-Many years ago we lived in Cam bridge, at the back of Emmanuel College. The premises were partly cut off from the road by a high wall; the body of the house stood back some little distance. A high trellis, dividing off the garden, ran from the entrance door to the wall, in which was another door or gate. A portion of the house, a gable, faced the trellis. . These par ticlulars are necessary, as you will see. "Wo were, after some time of residence, extremely troubled by ",run-aw{iy-bell-ring8," gene rally most prevalent at night, and in rainy, bad or cold weather, which was a great annoyance to the servant jjirls, who had to cross the spaco between the house and tho wall to open tho outer door in the latter, and were thus exposed to wet and cold. The annoyance became so great that at length a cousin and myself, armed with wicked ash saplings, watched behind tho trees, bent on administering a sound thrashing to tlio enemy, whoever ho was, that disturbed our domestic peace. Mirable dicta I Tho rings continued, but no one pulled tho bell handle ! Being a very old house, they were now, of course, set down to ghosts ! But not believ ing in those gentry, I was puzzled. Chance, however, revealed tho originator of the scare. Being ijl, I was confined to the wing facing the trellis, and one miserable, blowing, wot day, gazing disconsolately out of tho window, I espied my favourite cat-a singularly intelligent animal, much petted-coming along tho path, wet, draggle-tailed, and miserable. Pussy marched up to the house door, sniffed at it, pushed it, mowed, but finding it firmly shut, clambered up to the top of the trellis, some eiiiht or ten feet irom the ground, reaohod a paw over the edge, scratched till she found the bell-wire which ran along tbo upper rail irom the wall to the house, caught hold o! it, gave it a hearty pall, then jumped down and waited demurely at the door. Oat came the maid, in rushed puss. The former, after gazing vagaely up and down the street, returned, muttering "blessings," no doubt, on the ghost, to bo confronted by me in the hall. «' Well, Lydia, I have at last fonnd out who rings the bell." "Lard, master, ye harvent, sureZy"-Bhe was broad " Zjrmcrze^heer." " I have ; coma 'and s^e. Look out of the breakfast room window, bat don't show your self." Meanwhile I went into the drawing ,room, where Mrs. Pass was busy drying her self before the fire. Catching her np, I popped her outside of tbe door and ran round to my poet of observation. Pnss trier, the door and mewed, thinking probably, some one mnst be near, and after waiting two or three minutes in vaio, again sprang np the trellis and renewed her attack on the bell wire, of course to be immediately admitted by the delighted maid, who this timo did not cross the yaTd, nor ever again, I fear some times to the inconvenience of visitors, if pusa was waiting for admission. Now I think tbat no one ever taught that oat how to ring the bell by pulling tbe wire. To my mind she muBt have gone through tbe follow ing process of reasoning: 1. She noticed that whenever the bell rang the door opened. 2\. In clambering up the trellis to the home top she aocidently moved tho wire and caused tbe bell to ring. This probably occurred several times before she notioed it, but haviug once done BO she repeated it, purposely, whenever she wanted entrance ; I have often made her do it for the amusement of friends by turning her ont frcm her snag nest by the fire on cold or wet days. A VOLCANIO eruption in tho south-western part of Iceland, of which intelligence has only lately come to hand, proves to have been closely contemporaneous with terrestrial dis turbances in Southern Europe, inoluding the recent outbreak of Mount Etna. THE USE OF PAIN.-The power which rules the universe, this great, tender power, uses pain as a signal of danger. Just, generous, beautiful nature never strikes a foul blow; never attacks us behind our backs; never digs pitfalls or lays ambuscades; never wears a smile upon her face when there is ven geance in her heart. Patiently she teaches us her laws, plainly she writes her warning, tenderly she graduates their force. Long before tho fierce, red danger light of pain is flashed, she pleads with us-as though for her own sake, not ours-to be merciful to ourselves and to each other. She makes tho overworked brain to wander from the subject of its labours. She turns the over indulged body against tho delights of yester day. These are her caution signals, "Go slow." She Btands in tho filthy courts and alleys that we pass daily, and beckons us to enter and realise with our senses what we allow to exist in the midst of the culture of ?which we brag. And what do we do for ourselves? We ply whip and spar on the jaded brain as thongh it were a jibing horse force it back into the road which leada to madness, and go on foil gallop. We drug the rebellious body with stimulants, we hide the original and think we hare escaped the danger, and are very festive before night. We turn aside, as the Pharisee did of old, and pass on the other side with our hand kerchief to our nose. At last, having broken Nature's laws, and disregarded her warn ings, forth she comes-drums beating, colours flying-right in front! to punish us. Then we go down on our knees and whimper about it having pleased God Almighty to send this affliction upon us, and we pray him to work a miracle in order to reverse the natural con sequences of our disobedience, or save ua from the trouble of doing our duty. In other words, we put our fingers in the fire and beg that it may not hurt.-Temple Bar. ANECDOTE OF GEOBQE I.-Wuile Gaorge I. of England, was travelling in Holland, he cam# to a town wherein lived influential people who had, as iie thought, maligned him, and he swore, with a big oath, that he would not tarry there even for a meal. The day on which he arrived at the town in question was exceedingly fair, and while Iuh servants were engaged in exchanging horses, and making new arrangement of baggage, the king went in person to the door of the principal inn and asked lor three fresh eggs and a measure of new milk. The articles wera brought, and disposed of, and when his majesty apked what was to pay, be was told-" two hundred florinfl." " Two hundred florins !" cried the king, aghast. " Blood an' 'oon'a 1 are eggs so mighty scarce in this place?" "Not at all," replied Boniface, with entire honesty," but kings art/" Has remarkable phenomenon known as St. Elmo'a fire has agaih. been observed in Switzerland, this tune by a party of moun taineers on the Gross > (rlockner mountain. While engaged in the ascent they .were over taken by a tremendous thunderstorm. To observers at a distance the electric fluid appeared to be striking in and about the entire company, and to the members of the' party themselves all nature seemed suddenly aflame. " Gentlemen, we shall all be struck dead," said their guide; " but what does it matter? Tho lightning might havo killed us if we had been in our beds." The intense glare completely blinded them all for the time being; and ?when their sight returned, each was seen by his companions to be en veloped in a stream of electric fire. Sparks flew from heads, beards, coats, and hats, and even from their alpenstocks into the snow. Notwithstanding their imminent peril, however, all escaped. The danger to which they were exposed may bo appreciated when we state that hundreds of goats have been killed in the Alps this year by lightning. PETES BAIN, of Bourgeval, Franco, gained the consent of his sweetheart to marry, and started for home, singing joyously as he went. The girl listened to his voice as ho crossed a field, and noticed that it stopped suddenly in the middle of the song. This odd breaking off excited her wonder. She went to learn the cause, and found her lover murdered. A rival had overheard him, followed him, and struck him down from behind. AT least one vine-grower in the Island of Maderia has succeeded in oheoking the devastations of the phylloxera ineeot in his vineyards. He nnoovers the lower stem and roots of eaoh plant as far as he safely may, barns the loo3e bark on which the insects usually gather, or treats it with boiliog water, and Anally ooats both stem and roots with a preparation of resin and turpentine in the proportions of three and a half ounces of tho former to a quart of the latter. This mixture is adherent and cohesive. It destroys the inseots tonohad by it, and finally restores the plant to health. A SURPRISING ESCAPE.-A remarkable freak of lightning is recorded in a French newspaper. A farm labourer, running for shelter, waB suddenly thrown to the ground, the fork he oarried on his shoulder being wrenched from his grasp and carried through the air to a distance of fifty or sixty -yards. The prongs were bent aud twistod with well-nigh mathematical acouraoy, into the shape of corkaorews, tho Bteel being burnt, and formed, on its exterior aurfaoe, into small lamiusQ which emitted a slightly Balphurons odour. The labourer eBoaped without injury. THE officers oi a Danish war vessel which has been cruising about tho coast of Iceland during the fishing season report meeting great masses of driitwood in the sea to the north of the island, and say that the farther north they went the more there was of it. THET COULDN'T GET EVEN.-I was looking over the stories that were sent in last week for the prize, and I wonder that the editor did not insert this one, which is really too good to bo lost: " There is a curious duel now pending in Boston, which began several years agt>. Mr. A., a bachelor, challenged Mr. B., a married man, with one child, who replied that the conditions wero not equal; that he must necessarily put more at risk with his lifo than tho other, and he declined. A year afterwards he received, a challenge from Mr. A., who stated that he, too, had now a wife and child, and he supposed, therefore, the objeotion of Mr. B. was no longer valid. Mr. B. replied that he how had two children, consequently the inequality still existed. Tho next year Mr. A. renewed his challenge, having now two children also; but his adversary had three. The matter, when last heard from, was still going on, tho numbers being six to soven, and tho challenge yearly renewed."-London Truth. Fiioit the Monthly (formerly tho Quarterly) Journal of Sciencs, we learn that Dr. A. W. Lvte recommends oil of B&BBafras; as a remedy for th bite of the copperhead snake. He says it is not only an tSeoiua! antidote in such oas. s, bat a destructive agent oa applied to insects. A FRENCH meteorologist, Mons. E. Ronon, p: edict* 11 series of bad seasonB in Europe fi'.m tt u present time until tho summer of 1^S3 inolusive. He expeots the winter of 1SS1-1882 to be an exceedingly severe one. IN several states of Europe the census has recently afforded evidence of the superior longevity of women. Of centenarians the proportion is two hundred and foriy-ono women to one hundred and forly-ono men in Italy; two hundred and twenty-nine women to one hundred and eighty-three men in Aus tria ; and five hundred and twenty-six women to five hundred and ^twenty-four men in Hungary. MURDEUEBS REPAYING STOLEN MONEY. One of the stranae foatures in th'u doable marder in the Faubourg St. Honoifi, that has for some time been the talk of Paris, ia tho fact that the murderer thought fit to write to the widow of his master sad victim to inform her that it was only lor the Bake of robbory that he committed his crime. " I havo taken about eighty pounds," he saja, in conclusion, "with whioh money I m«an to make my fortune; and I pledge myself to return it to yon some day." Extraordinary UB th8 scrapie may look, this is not the first time that a murderer, without apparently feeling much remorse for the deed in itself, has given eigne of being quite awake to tho pecuniary liability whioh it entails. Thus the Marquis de Salverte, whose father was murdered at Snn Domingo about a quarter of a century ago, received by post, after the lapse of a few years, a sum of eight thousand pounds, with notice that it wag a restitution of the amount robbed, from the murderer himself, who had made his fortune, but declined to give his Dame and address. ID another oase, a Parisian senator was for years in receipt of a monthly installment of eight pounds from London, the sender of which was unknown, with notice that the amount would be forth coming to complete the payment of a nam of twenty-foar thousand francs robbed from one of his uncles after murder.-London World. An inspection of pork has been established by law in the city of Berlin on account of the prevalence of triohiniasis. ' The official inspectors are required to employ the microscope in their examination. Batchers are forbidden to cut up or sell any pork until furnished with a certificate that it is free from tritfbif m. in evidence of this, tbe inspectors are also required to stamp the slaughtered nnimnl itself. AT the battle of Senef the Princo of Conde sent word to Marshal de Nevai>lea to be ready to engage the enemy. The messenger found him hearing Mass, at which the Prince, being enraged, muttered something in abuse of over piona persona. But the Marquis, having evinced tbe greateat heroism daring the engagement, said after it to the Prince," Your highness I fancy, now sees that those who pray to God behave as well in battle aa their, neighbours." MAT.AT CTOET.-Out a chicken into joints, .and put it into a stewpan with 2oz. of blanched almonds, browned in a frying pan, and pounded to a cream with an onion and the peel of half a lemon ; mix a large spoon ful of tumeric and half a teaapoonful of cayenne peper in a breakfast capful of water. Put tho whole into a stewpan, put ourry powder in according to taste, and let it sim mer about twenty minutesadd a teaapoon ful of cream, let it boil up once, and before dishing squeeze in the juico of a lemon. FBENCH CAEES.-Take lb. of flour, 1 small teacupful of yeast, half a pint of milV warmed, lib. _ of butter, and four eggs. Make a hole in the flour, and pour into it the milk, eggs, and yeast; miT them all well together ; beatthq dough, adding the butter by degrees. Let it stand for one hour to rise, then take half a pound of sifted sugar, and mil it well in with the dough, butter the cups or pans, put in the dough, and ornament tho top with candied orange or lemon peel. 