The Old Sermon. VHE solemn hush of midnight is brooding over the earth ! Alono in my state and splondour, I wait for the now day's birth. No sound breaks in on tho stillhoso, no voioe in tho silenco colls, . . I So heavy the velvet hangings, so thioi aro my study walls. I would «it in tho dUBky .silence, and rost both heart sud brain. And gathor strength for tho warfare that day brings on again ; But a pi ot uro oomes in tho darkness of a place I know when a boy,... And it chills, the heart that is throbbing with tho flush of worldly joy. 'Tis a simple church in a meadowland, "Where I see a white-haired pastor stand, "Who warns his flock with upliftod hand) ... "ihcoept yo bo like the ohildron, Yo eau not ontor in." There's a glitter and glory around me that is bern of a guinea's shino ; I measuro a thousand acres, aud know that their wealth ia mino ; ?,, , I hear in tho shout of tho gaping crowd the homage they bear my namo It is writton in radiant letters on tho glittering roll of famo; fho sound of the words I utter is echoed from land toland. And the helm that sways n nation is trusted within my hand; But my heart grows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight nears, . And I dread tho solemn midnight when that whito-hairod man appears : , ,. For soul and spirit bocóme perplexed ; I dread the words that aro coming next, ; : Tho awful sound of that simplo toxt : " Except ye bo like the ohildron, . , Xe can mot outer in." Long and fierce was the struggle that placed mo upon tho height; , I wrought with a will for the lustre that has made my name ?O bright:. I won me a crown'of. laurel, and wreathed it around my brow, And the wounds of ¡.tho mighty confliot I boar abolit no now. And mino is the right of resting, of pausing awhile in the strife. For I fought tho fight like a victor, and conquered the thing called life. ; But that picture will oomo in the darkness, and stifle the . flre-light's gleam. Till I palo and shrink like a culprit who is bound in a ' nightmaro dream : ,For I seo the old man standing there. The lifted hands and the whitened hair, . And I hear the trembling voice declare i , ','Exooptyo belike the children, To can not enter in." So I sit dione in the midnight, whilo tho ghosts of the past flit by. ¡ And they worn me with shadowy Augers of tho end that if drawintr nigh 5 I think of the Ufa within me, of the floree and resistless will, And the frail and hvlploBs body that must lie so eold and still, ' Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint and numb with fear, . With dread of tho awful summons that ono day I must hear: . . ; And I turn with a. shudder of loathing from the power I stooped to win, ' And I jong for the heart cf childhood, Untouched, unsullied by e'.n : For the'voico of truthtfallson my cars, And memory çallcth adown tho years, ?While awed and frightened my foul sti'.l hears j " Except yo bo Uko tho children, ïo ean not onterin." 16,000 persona travelled in tho Elizaboth-stroot tramway on Boxing Day, 