AIT ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STOBY. (From thi London Alhcnteuut,) AnooBTtja Jkssops, D.D, , Little more than two months have passed sinoo coy own poreonal cxperiefioo of mental phenomena was Btr.kingly enlarged by tho ooourfetoo' wli'li- wbioh the following narrtK live deals,; Yet already l find that round the original Btory there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, and that,! myself am in danger bt'beeomlng''a hero of romance in more sensea than-one. Ab I object to bo looked upon as a -kind ot medium to. whom, supernatural visitatione are vouchsafed, and, on the other hand, dp not wish to be set 'down as a eraay dreamer, whose disorganised horvoua 'eyiitem render's him abnormally liable to fautastio delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request Of some who have begged mo to make pnblie tho foi; lowing paper. lam told that there aro those who cosy themselves in oolieotlrig similar stories, and if it be so', it is bettor they should hear the faeis "from me'than af tor thoy havo ; passed through other bbahnela. "The barra-- tive-..wa?-*fittoh,'at':'tn-oreflii'B?t'of : -'a- ; fri'B'rid,'-' not many days after the: event, when all the oiroumstanbea we'rofresh in my reoolleotiou: On the 10th of: October, 1879,-I drove over from Norwich to Mannington.Hall, to spend tbo night at Lord Orford's. Though I wis in perfect health arid high spirits, it is fair, to Btate that for souio weeks previ ously I hnd hoot tt groat'deal to think about,. 6omo little anxiety, and some considerable niontal strain of ono kind or another. I, was not, however,. conscious of anything approaching ?' weariheas, irritability, or "fag." I arrived at 4 p.m., and;was engaged in pleasant and animated, conver sation till'it was time, to dross for dinner. Wo dined at boven; ; our party numbered Bix persona. Of these, four at least had been great travellers. . Imveelf,was rather ilistoner; the talk.was general and. dis cursive, and : amused and interested mo greatly.; Not;for a singlo moment did lb turn upon the supernatural; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art, - and tho experiences of men who had aeon a great: doal of the world, and could describe in telligently what they had seen; and' com ment: upon it suggestively. I havo very rarely been at'a ihore pleasant' party; After dinner we played a rubber. We " left off : bh we began," and as two-of tho gUests had some distanco to drive, wo ? broke up at half-past ten. : Tbo main object of my going over to Manhington was to examine and take notes upon some very raro books in Lord Orford's library, which I had boon anxiously wishing to get a Bight, of for somo years, but had never beou fortunate enough to' meet with up to this time. .1 asked leave to Sit up for somo hours and make transcripts. Hie lordship at first wished mo to lot bia valet remain in uttondanco to see all the Ught? put out, butastEiTwouldhavoembarra?S?d mc, end compelled,mo to, go to. bed oarlior than 1 wished j arid as it scorned likoly that I should be oocupled'tiirtwoor three in the morning, it was agreed: that I Bhould bo left to my own, devices, and the servants should bo allowed to retire. ?? By elovon o'olook I waa the only neroon; down?tairs. was very soon busily at work, and? absorbed in my occupation, T.he room ; in which I was writing is a one, with a huge fire-place and a grand old chimney; and- it is neodloss to euy that it is furnished vrith every com fort and luxury. Tho library opens into this rooih, ? and I had to paBB out .from whero I was ? sitting into this library and got upon a ohair ]to reach the volumes I wanted to examine There were six small volumes in all. 'I took them down, and placed them at my right hand inn little pile, and set to work —Bomotimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with v book, I placed it in front of mc. There wore l four silver candlesticks upon the tablo, tho caudles all burning, and, as I am a chilly personal eat myself at one corner of tho tablo with the fire at my left, and at intervale, aa I had finished with a book, I roso, knocked the firo together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my .task till nearly one o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and £ had only ono moro book to occupy mc. I roso, wound tip my watch, and opened a bottle of Seltzer water, and I remember thiukiug to myself that Ibhouldgot to bed by two after all. 1 Bet to work at tho last littlo book. I had. been engaged upon it about half an hour, and waa just, beginning to think that my work was drawing t? a. close, whon, <" X teas. actually writing, I saw a largo white bund within a foot of my elbow. Turning. my head, there eat a figure of a somuvvhati birge man, with hia back to tho fire* loaning ligtnly over the table,-.- and apparently examining the pilo of books that I had been engaged upon. Tbo man a face was turned a>vay from mc, butleawbiacloaely out, reddish-brownhair.hiscar andahavedcheek, tho eyebrow, the corner of tho right eye, tho side of tho-forehead, and tlio largo, high cheok-bono. Ho was dri?sed in what I can only dosoribo as a kind of ecclesias tical habit of thick corded silk, or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, about an inch broad; of satin or velvot, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting closo to.tho chin. The right hand, which had : first atirocted my attention, was ola?ping, with out . any great pressure, the loft hand; both hands woro in perfect repose, and tho large blue voinaof the right hand wore con spicuous. I xomoirtbor thinking that the hand was. like tho hand of Velasquez's magnificent "Dead Knight" in.',tho National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some aecondfl,and was perfectly euro that he'was not a reality. A. thousand thoughts camo crowdiug upon mo, but not the least feeling of. akrm> or, even uneasiness; curiosity end a strong interest were uppermost. ITor an instant I felt eager to make- a sketch of my friend, and-I looked at a tray on my right for a. pencil; then I thought, "Up stairs 1; havo 0/ akatoh-book—eball 1 fetch it P" There ho sat, and I was fa?cinatod; afraid, not of his. staying, but Icil he thvvXd go. ? Stopping in,my writing, I lifted.my left ban* irom tbo p?per, Btreicbed it oat to the pile of books, and moved tho top one. I eanuot explain -why,.l did this.... My arm passedin iront of.the figure, and it vanished, rwes simply and nothing more. I went ottwlttoesy.writing as if nothing 'had happcn?dfor , five minutes, Audi taedaetually got to the la?t lovt trorfls of what I had determined ia extr&fti;, when the figure appears* again, exactly in. the (tamo place and attitude as before. ,1 saw tho bauds eloso to my own j I tamed my head again, to cumins him more closely, and I wea framing a sentence to address to him, when Z disoovered that I did aot due to speak. I via* afraid ef tht launtf of mv ?*? voice, T/hera be sat, and there eat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished willing the two o? three woidi I atiU had to write* Iha paper and mynotas.are at this moment before mc, and exhibit not the slighteil tremout or neivouanest, I eouUI point out the word* I was writing when the pbantom time and when,he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the bpok end threw it on the table'; it made a alight noise as it fell; the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I Bat for soma eoeonda looking .at the firo with a curious mixture of feeling, and. I remember wondering whether my friend would corns again, and, if ho did, whether ho would hide tbo fire from mc. Then first there stole upon mo v, dread and m > i-ü?picioU that'l was beginning; to loso my nerve. I.renietaber yawning j than I ro?o, lit' my bedroom cakdJe, look my booka into tho inner library, mountod tho obair, aa before, and replaced five of tbo volumes; tho sixth. I brought back an-i laid upon tbo tabln where I had beta writing when tho phantom did mo tho honour to appoar to mc. By this time I had lost all aonao of uneasiness. I blow out tho four caudles, and marched off to bed, where I slept the Bleep of tho just or the guilty—l know not, ? wbioh—hut I slept very soundly. ' This is a eimplo and unvarnished ruvrra? v tive of facte. Explanation, theory,' or inference I leave to othor?, New Sapphieb Minks.—A valuable <lsii~i;i covery of Bopphiro mines baa'bean w?d?#n ;£ -'Stain, and there ia ; a*"ruaU'f rfo.tthenowUff: digging?. ; ii; -Many i Of government officials'havo'resiffned : Uhels;J : posts in; order to be oarly pri tho "Bppry; ( it is expected that there will :ibo'n influx of South' African diamond uiineiw. J- Tbosb' * fliipphire? whioh bavo 'roicSed' ;?*] Barigkolcare said tobe largo arid bcautifali:K .-?'.'? A :,New ' PiioTpdnVrnrq "Pbocissb. ?^'Tfie: 1 ;; Japanese are now kind some of tbe soieutifio instruction ; they have so diligently borrowed from ESWpo ;,' during several * years /'-'paiti ; -'One v: bfStbo;:;: of their 'oultu'reyb£ : ?:V : new sort of pnotogtapbi something siiflUat to,'., tho well-known ; type- printing;:;; pbotog-aph. It had long been obaerved;by;;; the workmen engaged "in uiakinjj lacquer, that orio.of the BubStaucCS%u?;:ihe j*; /singular property of "hewming;, haud ub a atono when exposed to the apt|qriv!,y, of sunlight j and n Japanese iuventov:;Ha^' : ; conceived tho idea of applying it in;the;':. preparation of. relief photographa. A alab':i ;ooverod with. thM material, ia exposed iicr.;; twelve,.hours to daylight, Whioh, ?b alhj.wed; -y to pass through tbo " negative" ...plats'-'£' placed,'in front of it. .By this "? timesho.?j slab .hag, become, hardened to different dp*: ?> grecs acoordin? to thei intensity Of Jbplfghfc;'; i fulling on it,'or, in other'words, according,-/, to tho'lightedshade of; front; and, upon carefully. ebriiprng; ;awdyi;:;; : the BoCtor pans, n. pictorial aurfaca inflow:; relief is obtaiued, aitnilar to'a'n'ong'ravor's.};: b|ock, and suitable for printing from. ;;;;:' 4,:; -, .A.Gii!OouApniciAi.,.QAM?.-~an:j and Inslruativegbographioal game he's just% .boen^'invent?d.'by?M^?;Layd?BCU^ , , c ?d'/y6l^l:?':i : known French geographer. ,It is called;.'-; "Tour dv Monde," and is played on alarg<B% terrestrial globe, riohly.-; illu?trawdljand >s divided into 232 spherical rectangles,eabttt?; of whioh iB marked with a nurabor;opry6S;S': ponding to 0 number on a. Hat which in:-'' dioatoa gaina or losses in too brass rib or meridian running from jpblp to.; pole of -the globe, but ralabd.abovOjtheT; is potforatodwith'a row of eighteen;; holes s: aud.i there are eighteen tiuy'jttags>> provided for );h'q; purpo?O of-'.being- plajned';; Sn tho holes. '. Booh flag corresponds v< to ono of the, priuolpal Btawsy.Of.-, tho world, from China ;. tbo " imbatsi populous, to.-.'JHollauil.'.tho least'pqpu)on?;. ; ; To play tho .gapiotupglobe is , Bat reyolv-;: ; tag,- and. a, playor, pommonoing at tbpj?p^tb,:.' polo, plauta a.flag into after;';: another, at'eaqb revolution' of the jglobe;and f; advances northwards.'; Tho sabre 'of.v.thdV; player, which may bp olthbr a gftip or is ,dotermtnod by the. pptute ,bf ? thpriaotav,: indicated oii" tbo reotabfiular, gpaoaraboye; which i? flag nlay Btiiud when the: ewbd'Btpps: 7 revolviDg I and thl? is.of course,' the; inter".: - esting' arid humourous' part'; of ?thb; game.:., lipudon, for 'example,.'p'o'dhlaj iwonty, and Bp"on, according to population. : A obiil mine; a Mauonentbr cotton factory,, a ~ grain mart, .all aro raokoued gains ;"? but au:, oriaouutur with a Zulu or 0 llon.iu storm in tho Atlantic; a polar looberg,v'a v orooodllo on the Nile, natutally go for serious,: 108808\. '"?"': "''' ; . .'. '/. '??! ; .'A:,:'': Captive Lioht.--Wo have had oaoaaion toy; refer to various praotioal applications .of y certain pbotpboreaoeut enbitanoestto .illu.-;; minating purposes, imd: espeoially. to'.tbo .. "luminous paint" of Mr. W. H. Balmalu. ; This material has of Into been brought into , groater proralDenoo, and has been put.to ,'? several important uses. It will bo r?mein- ': berod that the paiut is mado by -mixing","*,-,-;? self-luminous .sulphide or other. -.Bait;, of oaioium with tbo materials'? of ordluary: ; oolourlpea |. paints. ? Wuen exposod.'., :fpr ?; aome time to daylight,'. Or ; t0,,; tbo:: powerful rays of the eloctrla : aro 'pt-;; burning magnesium': wire, thb Boh?Wyft-; Baltinthov paint-seoraa to acquire amble--,' cular vibration which m darkhcaa:. glvpS ~ rise to waves of light, whioh are seen, as; a'?'.;> soft violet phosphore'soeuee growing whiter ;; ? as it is more,intense. A piece of .card-?;: board two feet square, if coatod wjth the /. paint, makes an- excellent haud-lanipi and, is now, wp believe, being.trled for tbia'puri - pone in the daugeroua spirit vaults of.the': West. India Docks, and in tbe.gunppwdpe: ; magazines of one of her Majesty's -irpu..;. clada. Tbo Admiralty: have made ctporlv, ,? minta with the now illumi?ant. in a'dark cued ifoom at Whit?hall>;with ? view to teat) its capability for use as 0 wall- paint j ligbtsn the dark oomportment? of Ironolaaa j* ; and the dial, indicators for. Bhowing > tho ; :. apoed of the board H.M.8.: Korthamptm are to fee ffoed with it, bo a?to Bhow the indox by night without, tho aid of. a lamp. An exceedingly interesting parlour , trick can bo played with b> piece of ;card-':..-.' board paiuted with tho luminbu? material in this way ':?—Exposo'thb aon'Bitivp surfaca to daylight with a pbnny or other colli lying on it for auch time aa will allow.the surface) to take in a good aup'ply of light 1 pa re--; moving tho card then to a dark place, and. abstraoUug tbo coin unobserved, tte surface) ; will ba luminous exception of tho round spot which had been covered,by.tho.,-V coin. Tnia part will, in faoti'bo aporswtenti ahadow of the coin uitorthe latter hoi boeii token away, and it iB easy to, trick, those. not in tho secret Into; bplioving'that tho :; coinia atlll lying on tho card.,.-' ' ..: ; >:; A pmr?tcxAs soobg Cooko about to drlmt a glafls of ,'brandy, oxolaimod, ?'Uon't^drinlt;. that flltby atuff. Brandy Is tho worst enemy ;''.- you havo." " I know that," replied Cooke,'v " biit you know tho Bcripturd bomrajujojir M v- 