OURl FORTNIGHTLY SUMMARY. Pa Oiur Fortnightly Summary for transmis- Pa sion to Europe by the English Mail per th R.M.S. Malwa, which closes at 7 p.m. on tWednesday, 10th inst., willbe published on th WEDNESDAY MORNING. Persons th requiring copies will oblige by forwarding ab orders to-day. an THE PRPIMIER.-The Hon. W. R. N Giblin, who was a passenger by the WJ express train from Hobart Town yester day, left by the s.s. Mangana for Mel- 0O bourne. Although the Premier's visit is w nominally a private one, we have no Sc doubt that during his stay in Melbourne re he will have conversations with Ministers wi and heads of departments upon matters of th mutual interest. g GRASS TREE. --Mr Emmett, of the cutter Ariel, has shown us an exceedingly large specimen of the flower or seed stem of the native grass tree, found growing in large quantities in the vicinity of Beaconsfield, Circular Head, and the northern parts of the island. In some instances the stem grows to a height ex- ceeding ten and twelve feet. The speci- men forwarded to us may be seen at this office. MELBOURNE PARLIAMENTARY BUILD- INGS.-The following report of the Royal Commission upon the Parliamentary- buildings was presented on Thursday to Parliament :--"We consider it desirable that the Stawell stone be used for the completion of the Parliament-houses, and that tenders be at once called for the erection of the west dome. In order to facilitate the carriage of the Stawell stone fo to Melbourne, a tramway should. be con- in structed from Stawell to Mount Difficult, en in the Grampian Ranges."--Argus. de THE WEATHER.--The sultry atmos- G phere which was experienced on Sunday tic was dispelled by a heavy down-pour of " rain at a very early hour yesterday morn- ri ing. The day broke bright and fine, and se there is every chance of our having royal ap weather for the holiday to-day. M THE AUSTRALIAN ELF,VEN.- Messrs lii Boyle and Scott have received, says a 1c Melbourne paper, by the mail letters St announcing that the Australian Eleven p1 will land in Adelaide on the 14th Novem-. lie ber, play a match there, another at an MountGambier, and arrive in Melbourne, se overland, about 1st December. The fr team, at the time of writing, were com- f. pletely knocked up, having travelled over q 1700 miles in 11 days; and' the only rest ti they had was on Sundays when they were ti travelling. k< THE HUON E TaorIow.-The official at declaration of the poll took place at gr Franklin on Saturday. The figures pre- ti viously announced, the Mercury says, an remain unaltered. The informal papers do were-Victoria one, Kingston two. Mr . Lloyd, in the absence of Mr Solomon, w thanked the electors for the spontaneous ti act on their part. He said that the et elected candidate would devote his su energies in Parliament to do all he could of to benefit the district, and then called for in three cheers for Mr Solomon. Mr W. tl Cuthbert called for three cheers for lo Captain Fisher, which were heartily m given. Cheers for the Returning Officer sa and the Queen terminated the proceed- m ings. tl UNDERSIZED FISH AGAIN.--The Super- il intendent of Police had no less than four g9 charges at the Police Court yesterday c against men for having had in their pos. l session flounders under nine inches in N length. The total number of fish con= hi demned was 138. A large quantity of li these were seized on board the s.s. Corio, sc but before Constable Windsor was able d to obtain the address on the boxes con taining the flounders, several fish dealers a jumped aboard and evidently took the n directions off, as no name could be found tl when the boxes were examined. The a Police Magistrate warned a witness who g is occupied on the steamer, that if such t cases were allowed to be landed in this b way, without a direction, the law would I be brought to bear upon the owner of the I steamer. Each of the defendants con- g victed were fined £1 with costs, it being their first offence. The Police Magis- c trate, however, warned them that if they j were again found guilty of a similar offence !he I would be inclined 'to inflict the full penalty which the law allowed, viz., £5, as the depredations being thus made were becoming more frequent, and I needed being dealt with severely. ANOTHER GHOST SCARE.-Tho neigh bourhood of TrinityChurch,HobartTown, is now every night the rendezvous for a number of people, who profess to be in t search of a ghost, or an imitator of one, t and who hang about in groups, discussing the probabilities of such an apparition making itself visible. The rumour seems to be, says the Mercury, that about a fort- t night ago several persons passing by the burying ground were startled by the sudden appearance of a tall, white figure. What kind of figure it was is wrapped in a good deal of obscurity, si those who acknowledge to having been favoured with a view of his ghostship also confess that they at once took to their heels and left I him in possession of the field, and also of anything they dropped in their terror. A crowd, however, is more courageous, and if the ghost has the spirit to appear before those who now await him the tables will probably be turned, for his re ception would be a warm one. There would be a good deal of shrieking no doubt from the ladies, but there are one or two stout hearts (with big sticks) who express an intention of seeing what is in the spectre's skull, while one or two foolish warriors hint at firearms concealed about heir person, with which they will try his impenetrability. There is little fear, however, of any appearance while the entertainers are so numerous. COOKERY LEssoNs.-By thelaststeamer from Melbourne there arrived in Launces ton a lady who has been engaged giving a series.of lectures in Victoria on the art of cookery. A thorough knowledge of how to cook a good, and at the same time cheap dinner, is one of those things that young housewives should be anxious to acquire, and as Mrs Macpherson, the lady in question, comes with the view of giving lessons in the art, her visit will no doubt be considered a most desirable one, and her classes should be quickly filled up. Mrs Macpherson has had four years training in the Edinburgh School of Cookery, and holds a first- class diploma from the National Training School of Cookery, South Kensington. Numerous Press notices testify to Mrs Macpherson's ability as a lecturess, and she has also received cordial support from medical men and others. We' understand that the lady is negotiating for the Mechanics' Hall, in which to hold her lectures, and due notice will be given of the opening of the series. KELLY THE BUSHRANOER.-It appears that the agitation in favour of the coil damned man originated with Mr William Gaunson. This gentleman waited upon Mr Berry, telling him that public opinion A( was much divided as to whether the prisoner ought to be executed, and then an determined to originate a sensational meeting. The result of the gathering at "w the Hippodrome is not likely to prevent the decision of the Executive being car ried out. Scit P. A. JENNINGS.-This gentleman, who acted as honorary Executive Com- fon missioner for Tasmania at the recent 73 Sydney Exhibition, is a candidate for the att representation of the Bogan district in nc the New South Wales Assembly. Sir Patrick has already held a seat in the Parliament of that colony, though not in thi the one about to be dissolved. str TELEGRAPHIO. -A memo. was posted at th, the local ollice last night to the effect that til the South Australian line would be avail- foc able for use between the hours of 10 a.m. stn and 6 p.m.-Communication on the me North-West Coast line beyond the Forth on was interrupted yesterday. ho BENEFIT TO fEItR CARL SCIMrITT.- ref Our readers are reminded of the benefit which will be tendered to Herr Carl Schmitt on Friday and Tuesday next, in recognition of his services in connection Ac with the production of "Carmen." As 1l1 the pieces chosen for each occasion are 23 great favourites with Launceston play- WE goers, an early application for tickets will be necessary in order to ensure good seats. iWESTERN AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION. On -It is notified that entries close at West bury on Saturday next at 8 p.m. MUTUAL FIRa INSURANOE Co. - The tll meeting convened to confirm the resolu- pE tion relative to the increase of capital, passed at the last general meeting, will be a held at the Mechanics' Institute on Wed nesday next, the 10th inst., at noon. A. ORPHEUS QUADRILLI ASSEM?BILY.-Tle members of this Society held a very enjoyable ball at the Town Hall last evening. Scott's orchestra was in atten dance, and the assembly brought the re season to a close, the Club having been sic inaugurated in June last. THE CARANDINI ConlPANY at their wi fourth concert last evening had a slightly sli improved attendance, and appeared in an wi entire change of programme. The ren- so dering of the Scotch ballad "Auld Robin ad Gray," by Madame Carandini, was par- pr ticularly enjoyable, as also the ballad in " Little Nell," by the same lady. The it river ditty "Twickenham Ferry," again we secured for Miss Deakin an encore, being specially suitable for this lady vocalist. re Miss Marie Carandini was simply de- ar lightful in the favourite scena "0 1Mio di Fernando," from "La Favorita," and in Sullivan's "Lot me dream again," com pletely won golden opinions from the Cc listeners ; responding to the rapturous aC and continued applause by singing in a , sweetly pathetic manner "Icannot part s from thee "-being rewarded with many be floral tributes. The duets, trios, and quartettes, were as well given as hitherto, though we certainly are of opinion that the buffo duet " When a little farm we tll keep," was decidedly infra dig. for such V an excellent company. A first-class pro- Si gramme for to-night appears in our adver- A tising columns, and ought to secure such cu an audience as the talents of the company deserve. FORESTERs' FETE. - The Court Shoer wood Ancient Order of Foresters, held i their annual fete at the People's Park last B evening, but it was only a moderate ti, success, in consequence of the numerous p, other amusements which were going on to in the town. Shortly after seven o'clock at the members of adult and juvenile tl lodges, to the number of about '100, , mustered at the lodge room in Elizabeth- f, street, and headed by the Rifle Band 9 marched through the principal streets to the People's Park, which was specially T illuminated for the occasion, The pro gramme for the evening's amusement consisted of a concert by the Sherwood it Minstrels, which was well performed, Mr J. Edwards being very successful in t1 his song, " Rock me to sleep," and "The tI little wanderer," as well as a soiree dan- tl saste, after which there was a brilliant al display of fireworks. C ALICE JoiNS' COMPANY.--Last evening a benefit was tendered to Mr Geo. p Melville at the Oddfellows' Hall, when the comedy of " Our Boys" was produced, and considering that the piece has generally been a favourite with Launccs ton audiences, we regretted not seeing a bumper house on the occasion. Mr t l Melville, who took the part of Porkyn v Middlewick, the retired butterman, was a great success, while Mr J. H. Nunn took the part of Sir Geoffrey Chainpneys with credit. The parts of Mary Melrose and b Violet were well sustained by Miss Mcd- v Sway and Miss Johns respectively, while f Miss Greenlees made a great hit in tihe E character of Belinda. To-night the t sensational drama of the "Lancashire l Lass" will be produced, when Miss Johns will appear as the Lancashire Lass, and Miss Medway will take the part of Kate I Garstone, Mr Collier taking the character a of Johnson. YWe have no doubt that Sthere will be a large audience to witness the representation of this favourite piece, g which has always been so well received a wherever it has been produced. S DEATIH OF Ma G. F. GRAc.--Some o \- time back we announced thllrough the ] e cable the death of this celebrated cricketer, I e who visited Tasmania four or five years . ago with the team of English cricketers n captained by his brother, W. G. Grace. o The following account of the death of Mr h G. F. Grace is from the London Daily ( t Telegraph:-"The death of Mr Fred. t Grace was unexpected. He had been f unwell ever since the Australian mnatch . on the 8th instant, and it iii believed ;, that he caught cold through sleeping in a r damp bed. Though suficiently well to e play in a match at Stroud which followed -I the Australian match, he was very unwell I e when he reached his home at Down-end, o on Sunday, the 12th iustant. He left e home, however, shortly afterwards for o London, but stopped at Basingstoke, n where he was seized with serious illness- o inflammation of the lungs. His brother d (Mr Henry Grace) visited hlim on Ionday, 11 and remained with him all Tuesday night, Le when he appeared so much better that Mr Ie Henry Grace left him, ill the belief that he was in a fair way to recovery. A tele sr gram reached Dr. W. G. Grace at Bristol s- the morning he died thit his brother was a still better, but later on a second telegram 3f came to hand stating that he was much w worse, and desired the presence of his me brother. Dr. W. G. Grace was on his at way to find Mr Henry Grace, with the to intention of starting at once for Basing ly stoke, when the telegram announcing the ig death reached him at Bradford." bt A GENTLE HIINT.-In our style of climate, ud with its sudden changes of temperature, -rain, p. wind, and sunshine often intermingled in a sin gle day,--it is no wonder that our children, Sfriends, and relatives are so frequently taken f from us by neglected colds, half tLe deaths re na suiting directly from this cause. A bottle of of Boschee's German Syrup kept about your home us for'immediate use will prevent serious sickness;e s a large doctor's bill, and perhaps a death, by the use of three or four doses. For curing con Iso sumption, hoomorrhages, pneumonia, severe cal coughs, croup, or any disease of the throeat or lat lungs, its success is iimply wonderful, as your es' drugist will tell you. German Syrup is. now d sold n almost every town and village throughout the world. Sample bottles for trial, Gd; regular Ssize, 3s 6d.-L. FAIarBTHOcE & SON, chemists, Launceston, sole agents for Tasmania. 