j chbist sjeekingf the lost.* ■ •• For tto Sou of man is cosse to ssek au l to, aare ' that wbkb «r« losV—Lr« xix., 1<< •: . 1 TO idc this is one of the sweetest verses in 1 the whole Word of God. Iii thaf little *&oct; sentence we arc Johl what the Son of God came into the world for, we are told, whatrHis :mi«ton to this dark world was. - He came not tb!'condemn the VorW» hat 'that .the'.world through Him might ho saved^. He did hot 5 coihe to make men wretched, He ^id .not come ;tomake us" miserable;• bat he came to,save that which was lost. Now, when a prince, "and especially a crown prince, comes to London, 1 what a royal reception you give' him; and' the question is ratsedi What is he come for ? Now here is the Prince of Heaven coming down into frhia dark world. What is He come for f Why, we arc told that Fie came to setrk and to save ■that which was lost. "And every man or woman in this audience is either lost or found. You ' axe either saved or lost. And bear in mind that Christ tokos the place of the recker. No sooner did the news reach HcaVen that Adam had fallen in Eden then God came down to him. • Adam ought to hare gone up and down the garden of Eden crying out, " My God, where art thou r I have sinned) I have stnoed and fallen.** Instead of that he went away and hid himself, and God came down, and His voice was heard in the garden of Eden, " Adam where art thou f ** It was the voice of Christ, the voice of lore. But Adam had gone away frightened, and God took•• the place of the eeeker, and from the time of Adam's fall until the present) God has always taken the place of the seeker. No man or woman iu this audience has been saved hot that He sought them first. We do not seek after Him until He first seeks after us. We do not go to Him hy nature.. Our nature is to go away from him, as with Adam when he hid away from a .loving..GuiL Head what we haTe iu the loth chapter of the gospel of St. Luke.* It is not'the lost sheep from the fold hunting up the ehepherd, but it is Shep herd seeking after the lost sheep.. Wboerer heard of a sheep which had strayed from the fold hunting after the shepherd? And so Isaiah has told U6, *' All we like -cheep'have "gone astray, we hare turned every one rto his own way," and the Great Shepherd has come down after as. - — r TBS LOST PIECE OF StOKET. And then, in the portion of Scripture I have ( read to you, there is that woman who . had lost the'piece of moneys It was not that pieco of mooey seeking its way back into the woman's pocket: but it was the woman lighting a caudle and taking a broom, and sweeping diligently until she found it. I can fust imagine that some one had paid that woman a bill that day, and had given her ten pieces of silver. When the retired at night she took the money out of her pocket to count it, and seeing the lulk looked fimall.fehe said *o hcrenlf, 14 Well, this don't look like ten pieces; I must have lost ono piece; where have I lost it?" She begins to think where she has been that day. 441 have not been out of the house; it tnu*t bo some where in the house," she says/ Then she goes and lights the candle, and "gets a" broom' aiid. sweeps the floor, and raises a great dust. And •o it is when the Holy Spirit. beginB to seek after a soul; there is somo great commotion. 8otbe begins to search and grepe around; die moves the chairs, the sofa, the. table, aud all tho_reat. of the furniture," and looks In every corner A until she finds the piece. Who was it that rejoiced—ihe piece of silver or the woman ? the *ke*p that was lost or the shepherd that found it? It was the woman that rijeiced over the lust piece; it was the shepherd that rejoiced.over \- th'e lost sheep he bttd found. " Aud so wo find it is hero. Christ takes the place «-f the •eeker. " For the Sou of man is come to seek and to sare that which' ivas loet." What Adam lost in I denT ficd in the second Adam. When God put Adam in Eden He hound hiin ■trong' to the. throne of God' with a golden chain. When'Satan,walked iu.. he broke th* chain ; but the second Adam came to seek and tosivethat which-.was lost. What the first Adam lost for-mej g.t in the second Ad-u He came to seek and to sav? that which was I lost, " VSEA.CHING IN THE >"iW TOfcX T0>£B3. While.!. was occupying tho Fultcn-street pulpit in New \ ork, the governor of thw C>ty Xomhe priehn faid he would like to'have mo *o go down ar.d talk to the'prisoners. After the prisoncra were ail -brought,in, I: found {there 'was no chapel'in cohncctfdn with that prison, and I- liad to talk to them in the c.IIs. 1 talked from a little" iron ruling - running right across the narrow pa eagc-way, to some three or four hundred prisoners, and could not * e a man. I had never had.that experience before. After f had done, I thought I would like to sac who I had been talking to,and" h w the had received the interpretation of the Gospel. I went to the first door, and looked in the little -window of a cell- where the inmates could have best heard me. There were aoino men playing at cards.' No.doubt they libeen playing all . the while I had been preaching. Thcv did not irent to hear. ySome men come here, to-night out o£curio«ty; tbeydo not want to hear the . glad, tidings, nnd they do not believe the Gospel's good news, \Ve1j, thrso men had been playing cards ' all -the'.. while I was preaching. I said. " My friends, what is your.trouble?" "Well, stranger,' false witnesses appeared ngain-t us. We are innocent." ' T said to myself,' " Christ cannot aavc anybody here; there is nobody guiltv." I went to tho. occupiers of the next cell, and asked why they, were there. They said, " We got into bad company, and tho man who done tho deed got clear, and wo got caught." I said, " Christ cannot sare any body, •■here." T went to the next ceil, and asked how it was with tin .in. They said, •f False witnesses'went; into court, and swore falsely.' lsaid, " Christ cannot save anvhedy here." I went to the next cell, ami said, How is it with yon p" The reply was,The fact is, the man who done the deed is very much like me. I am perfectly Innocent." . I never found so znany innocent men In a prison in my life. It seemed /that the magistrates' who sent them there were the only guilty onee. ' TUB PBNITEXT PRISONER. I began to get discouraged ; but when I had got alinost"tbrougb I found one man with his elbows on his knees and two streams of tears running down his cheeks. I looked in at the little window, and I said," My friend, what is the trouble ? " He looked np with despair and remorse on his face, and said, " My sins are more than I can bear." I said, " Thank God for that." " Ain't you the man that has been talking to us ? I thonght you said you was & friend, and you say you are glad my sins are more than I can tear." "Yes." "I don't understand your friendship if you are glad my sins are more than I can bear." "I will ex plain it to yon. If your sins are more than you can bear you will cast them on one that wjll bear them for you." 11 Who is that?" " it is the Lord Jesus." And I stood there at that prison door and preached Christ, and held np Christ for that poor wonnded man, who was believed to be the worst man in the whole prison of the city of New York. After telling him of Christ I got down and prayed. A Tentr? » TCnw rrrn nrflV.'* FTf> baM After I prayed, I said," Now you pray." He said he could not pray; it would be blasphemy. But the man put nis bead on the pavement, and, like the publican, without even lifting his eyes to wards heaven, he cried, " God bo merciful to me a sinner." After prayer, when he got np, I took his band, and ho gave me a good warm grasp of the band; a hot tear fell on my hand, which burned down into my soul. I got so interested in the man that before I started for the hotel I said, " I will pray for yon to- night, and I would have ydq to join me In prayer at the same time." That night, while I was prayieg in.my,hoteI,.aa I told.him I should pray for him at a certain hour, it seemed as if I knew that God was answering ray prayer. I could not leave New York and go back to Chicago until I had seen that man. No sooner did I fir my eye on the man's countenance than I saw that a great change had taken place. Remorse and gloom had fied away, and the"faee~df the"man Was streaming with celes tial light, lie seized my hand, and tears of joy trickled down his cheeks. I said-, " Tell me all about it," and. he said, "Last night, when In my cell praying—I do not know the ezaet titae, because when I came to prison they look away my watch, but I think it was about midnight—the Lord Jesus took away the bur den, aud set me entirely free; and since then I am the happiest man in the Wbde city of New York." And I bciiove he was, for he told me of tbti love, joy, and peace that none but one that bad received tbeLord Jesc5.knew anything about. After I had talked and prayed with him some time X bado bim good bye. ., GOOD NEWS FOR THE LOST. \- Now, my friends, can you tell me how it was the Lord /esus catne into ..that, prison, and, passing one cell after ahothbr,' Went * to that one cell and set the captive free ? It was be cause he believed he .was lost, that he had sinned and come short of the glory of Cod, He called to God for mercvj and GUd dealt hiu mercies. If then is & man or woman in this audienbe to-night who believes they are lost, I-have good news- to. tell them—Christ will come after you. Became to save .yon, He 'came: to bless you. Now, do not let this night pass my friends, wiihokt jiisfc accepting salvation as the gift of mercy from a loving' God.. He want* lo deal out mercy and grace for every soul hero. The Son . of man is come— •what for ? To seek and to save. And do you AhiulfHe is notablo to Save? And .is He not" willing to flare f There is not a man in this aud ience but knows deep down in his heart;" that'. Christ is able and willing to save. My friends, let Him save yon to-night while yen are on praying ground; while God is talking to yon, and offering you ealvalion without money and. .without price. The gilt of God is eternal life. That is the gift to-night. Who will have it? Who will take the gift ? Who will accept the gift of God ? Who will receive it? While I am talking to you lay hold on eternal life. While I am speaking to you just receive the' gjft of God, aud go On your way rejoicing. Now, I have no doubt that while I am speaking to you there are a good many of you that have got. friends praying for you. I hare received a good many letters,especially from, mothers,, stating that they have'sons in London, and prayingthat the Holy Ghost might win theirsouls to Christ.: Maybe 60tne of those sons are here now. One. of those yoang men spoke to melastniyht,and told me bis'mottervras very anxious that he should attend these meetings. I have re marked the great number of young men who come to our services. I never sa* more youDg men at a meeting tban I see to night 1 may be speaking to more young men than ever J spoke to in my'life. How comes this, that there are 'so many young icon here? Per-, haps they have in the country a loving mother praying that the Holy Ghost may convert their hearts or a loving sister, or a hiving /father, or brother, pleading hard for the salvation. Well, if.you have got these fricnda lhat are diligent for your salvation, treat them ' kindly, for you will not always have them. A. YOUNG MAS S TALE. _ I went to a meeting In Chicago a few yeara. ago, and a youug man got up and said, " Will you allow me to speak to ihcsc young men?" At fir.->t, us' he was a stranger, I thought 1 wouldn't; and then I thought he might have a message from God, so I said, "Say on." And that young man just pleaded with those youug men, and said, in closing his "speech "If any of you have, lathers, or mother/, or Christian friends, who urc diligent for your salvation, treat them kindly, for you will not. always have thetn. . I was an only son, and I had a godly father, who went down to his grave praying for me, for I was a wayward boy. After father died mother begs ii to be more anxious than ever. Sometimes she would weep over mo, and say,1 Oh, my boy, if you " were only a Cnrhtian I sho:.ld be so happy.' Some nights' I heard ' her in :her chamber weepingand trying to God for her bey. I could not etuud it any longer, so X had to leave homo. X must become a Christian, or get awajr from homo. So I ran away. It was a long time before I heard of her, and then I was told she was sick, and the thought come Btealing over^e, *Sbo may die. I will go back.' And then I thought, 'If I go back home, I will have to become a j Christian. I cannot live at home with mother without becoming a Christian! I will not go-' j The next time I heard from that mother I | heard she was much worse. Then the thought1 came to me,1 If my mother died, and I should I nerer see her, I shoald never forgive myselt.' So I started off. There was no railway into the village, and I had to take coach. I got to the viLlage about sundown; the moon had commenced to 6hine. My mother lived about a | mile and a half from the little town, and to get I home I had to go by the old village church j yard, so I thought I would go and look at father's grave, and see if there was any new I made grave. As I drew near my heart began to quake. I couldn't tell why. The moon showod me a new-made grave, and then for the first time in my life the question occurred to me, * Who is going to pray for my lost soul now ? Father's gone and mother's dead.' I took up 6ome of tbe earth and found it was just aamp, and I threw myself on my mother's grave, and there I spent the night. I did not move until the break of day; but before I left that grave my mother's God had become my own. And, yonng men, I believe God: for Christ's sake forgave me that night, bat I never forgave myself." Yonng man, if yoa hare a praying mother or a praying father, treat them kindly, for yon will not always have them; they will soon all be gone, and that voice which is now pleading day and night for ronr soul will be hushed in the grave. Therefore, this night, while they are praying, seek the Kingdom of God; and it. won't take an anxious sinner long to meet an anxious Saviour. X<et your hearts be lifted up now, friends, to Christ ia united prayer for every unsaved soul in this hall this night; and now, let us all have a few moments of silent prayer. 