THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Onr London Correspondent writes of the Lon don theatres:— "The present state of Bffairs in Ireland has imparted a stronger interest to the production of the new Irish play called "The Eviction," at the Olympio Theatre, than may be fairly said to belong to the piece by reason of any intrinsic merits of its own, for it is a weakly constructed work, and contains little good serious writing, the attempted "points" being of that commonplace kind touching the luxury of the rich and the grievances of the poor which appeals exclusively to a one-sided audience. But if it is defective in construction and Serious interest it is strong in fun and what is understood to be "Irish humonr," and has given opportunity for a pair of really excellent comedians, Mr. and Mrs. Hubert O'Girady, to make their debut in a West-End London theatre. The opening soenes give a moving picture of the misery and desola tion prevalent among the peasant classes in Ireland, but the comic elements of the drama are so closely interwoven with the pathetic that the spectator has no time to pity before he is set laughing again. Moreover, the idea of two daughters of different fathers—one a landlord and the other a tenant—being almost simulti uicutly tnrced cut of doors be.--.uEe they ra .k;1—-j„3 for th_ sole benefit of their progenitors, is not calcu lated to arouse the genuine sympathy of cultured audiences, who cannot but feel that a certain amount of ridionle is thus thrown upon the very cause which the play is intended to serve. " At Drnry-lane the spectacular and highly sensational piece called 'The World,' produced about three weeks ago, continues to draw crowded houses, not composed entirely of that class of playgoera who generally affect this par ticular kind of entertainments. The plot, it is true, is so incoherent and involved that, as Dundreary says, " no feller can make it out and certainly no one could attempt to describe it except a professional critic with a column and a half of small type at his disposal. But the individual scenes are oontrived with extra ordinary skill. One of them represents a raft whereon appear a few despairing men and womeD, the sole survivors of a ship blown up by villanous machination. The little group make signals to a vessel of most realistic presence, which now seems to observe them, and now moves away in calm unconsciousness of their cast-away condition, while the signals grow more desperate and the feelings of the audience more highly wrought. At length, when all seems lost, a gun fired from the stately ship gives evidence that the appeal has been understood, and the sufferers are saved; and the entire house—fashionable and unfashionable, from the stalls to the galleries— unite together in one irrepressible burst of human joy over the rescued lives.. Perhaps this is the finest effect in its own line that has been seen on any stage, besides giving human nature an opportunity of presenting itself in a more than usually attractive aspect." The winter swallows are returning to town in the shape of actors and managers. There were a round of first nights last Saturday, at which leading favourites were welcomed back. The chief event was at the Lyceum, where Mr. Irving presented his long-promised and eagerly expected revival of " The Oorsioan Brothers." It was known that in preparing it. he had had the willing help of Alma Tadema and other dis tinguished artists. For stage management the Lyceum has passed as far ahead of competition as the manager himself has in acting. It was certain there would be brilliant spectacles as well as profoundly interesting dramatic studies. The weird scene in Fontainebleau Forest made the flesh creep, and the ballroom at the Paris Opera-House was a blaze of magnificence and beauty. Mr. Irving's own share in the per formance wbs not less successful. There are many critics who regret that he should have spent his genius both as actor and manager on a play so indifferent as the adventures of the Franchis. But it is possible to have the popular imagination strongly seized by ma terials which do not bear close examination. The "Oorsican Brothers" seems to have such a power independently of its merits. Charles Eean found that it had, and to none of the older dramatists does Mr. Irving pay so much deference aa to Kean. Fechter and Herman Vezin have also put life in the dry bones when the critics would have buried them. Mr. Irving followed the instincts of the profession rather than of the litterateurs, and he has been right again. Louis and Fabian de Franchi are ones more living beings on the.Btage, and they promise this time to have a long life, Mr. Irving has so often proved his judgment of public taste to be better than either the critics or the play wrights. Bnt the public now expect to be de lighted with whatever he puts on the stage. It is a singular illustration, not of the tenacity of a fashion, as some explain it, bnt of a personal gift of divining the effect of certain influences on the popular fancy. It is quite intelligible why the critics should all boil at Mr. Irving for giving such a mag nificent setting to a ghost story with not much poetry in it. On the other hand, it illustrates the thoroughness of the artist to have done a thing in the best possible style because he thought it worth doing. The "Oorsican Brothers," pnt on as it might be in any - other theatre, or even as Charles Kean put it on in his run of revivals, would certainly never draw. But when the public have visited the Lyceum two or three times, and begin to realize what is really done on the stage, they will become more of the manager's opinion than the sneerer's. The first act opens on an ante-room, with great oak doors heavily moulded, and surmounted with massive carving, an oak chimneypiece rising five or six feet above the fireplace, and with a centre panel in which aims are clustered. The furni ture is scanty, but all massive, and even clumsy. Every piece of it is the fac simile of articles in use in Oorsican houses of the better class not many years ago. The ante-room opens behind on a corridor, through which can be seen the foliage of stately old trees. The second act represents the masked ball in the Paris Opera-Honse, and the 'first sight is magnificent. The stage is completely enclosed with tiers of opera boxes painted in white and gold, and hung with red silk curtains. Near the footlights are a few settees and long seats in the same style of decoration. These are intended to separate the characters of the play when necessary from the action of the maskers behind. The' play and the ball proceed alter nately. First the ball is going on with about a hundred fantastically dressed people taking part in the dance. There is a lull, and Lonis de Franchi [comes forward looking for Emily. His friends join him, and last of all Chateau Eeynand. The drama tells itself in their conversation, and there is another dance by the maskers, or rather by a new set of them. After it Ohatean Beynaud is quizzed about his gallantry, and Emily, who is looking for him to get back her letters, appearing at that moment, suggests to him the infamous thought of makiBg her proof of his triumphs. Three or four dances and interludes occupy the masked ball scene, and it is snoceeded by the vestibule of the Opera-house, in which Ohatean Beynand has asked Bmily to wait for him. Their interview occupies about two minutes and a half, and in that time the entire stage behind is being re volutionized without a breath of noise reaching the audience. It is amazing what can be done by a clever stage manager, but this surpasses all that had been attempted in celerity and silence. Three big gasaliers, containing nearly five hundred lights—real lights with gas actually turned on from the meteer—are lowered and removed bodily. The tiers of opera boxes are pnlled apart and stowed away. The stage is cleared of furniture, and it is transformed into the Gounfs bachelor apart ments, where he has appointed to receive his friends at 4 o'clock on the morning of the ball. The rooms contain a real piano, and a variety of settees, console tables, stands, &c.;, stands on a flat with an archway curtained. Behind this curtain the snpper table is being prepared while the Oount waits for his guests. The ladies are impatient to set to, but the Oount forbids until Chateau Beynand shall have had a chance of winning his bet. But they declare that they will at least have some wine, ani pulling apart the curtain they disclose a set supper table brilliantly lighted. _ It being too far back for gas, the electric light has been ingeniously adopted, and is worked from the sides. The third act takes place in the Forest of Fontainebleau, and the duel is fought under a huge oak which stretches its gnarled snow-clad branches over the whole breadth of the stage. It giveB reality and at the same time weirdutss to the had. mound. The monutinj of Irving Jolly £2,000, an d as much more wu spent on dresses. If one bad spaoe there ooold be some, interesting details given of bow the styles were rnmmaged for and how difficult it wu to get some of tbem repiodneed. The evening dress of the period of the masked ball con sisted nominally of the black swallow- tail and pants of onr own day, bnt they were cat in a totally, different way. It. reqoired severed months' experimenting and remaking to get the proper cat, and when done it is something wonderful. The cronsers of Louis and his fast friends fit like a glcve without appearing tight. They are exceedingly graceful on the right kind of leg, and the artis1: who produced them is, I believe, being already enquired for. How far it will pay Air. Irving to expend so mnch skill and money on a confessedly poor melo drama has 3 et to be decided, bnt his first four nights have been very encouraging. The second night, which, u you know, is the moBt critical for a new piece, produced more money than any second night there has ever been at the Lyceum, The forward booking is almost as brisk as for;Shylocb, who had the advantage of appearing at the height of the London seuon. Though the house is crowded nightly in every part the greatest pressure is on the pit and galleries—a new thing in Dir. Irving's experience. If he hu had an empty seat anywhere it hu usually been in the gallery, bnt now there are hundreds tnrned away from the galleries every night. "The Ooreican Brothers" is making to some extent a new audience for itself. It. is playing the part, in fact, the autumn opera does to the regular seuon at Oovent Garden. George Rignold is on tour in the urovinoes with Henry Y. James Garden is playing at Liverpool. Mr. Creswick wu to appear in October at the Snrrey Theatre u Virginias. Harry Jackson is appearing in " The World" at Drnry-lane. George Warde, formerly of the London Comedy Company, hu returned to England. De Belleville, another of the mem bers, is playing at the Baldwin Theatre, San Francisco. Henry Bracy is singing in " Les Cloches de Corneville" at the Globe. Salsbory's " Tronbadors," including Miss Nellie McHenry. " Dreams, or Fan in a Photograph Gallery," a " Two-Act Conceit," by Nat. Ohilds and an old Adelaide favourite, Willie Edouin, who takes the principal part, hu been played with pro nounced success at the Bijou Opera House, New York. John Howson takes a character in a new two>act musical comedy, entitled " Lawn Tennis," at the Park Theatre, Boston. Judging from the success of Haverly's Masto don Minstrels, who recently arrived from America, and performed at Her Majesty's Theatre, there is every chance' (says a London paper) of the Australian Mammoth Minstrels returning to the colonies with pocketsful of English sovereigns. This kind of entertainment seems to be growing in public favour every year. There is no doubt that muoh of the success of the Yankee minstrels has been due to the mar vellous way in which they have been billed— flaring posters and photographs of the entire troupe being on almost all the hoardings in the metropolis. It is stated on the best authority that Haverly shipped seven and a half tonB of lithographs from one firm in Cincinnati, and over 15 tons of coloured printing from the National Printing Company, Chicago. The whole amount sent weighed over 25 tons, not counting the bores. At Maskelyne & Cooke's entertainment at the Egyptian Hall a cornet a piston is handed to one of the audience. With the mouthpiece is connected an indiarubber tube, through which air of course is forced, and at a signal from the inventor the instrument gives forth, with taste and precision, a well-known melody. After wards Mr. Maskelyne attached it to a box plaoed on a shelf beneath one of the private boxes, and it played a duet from " II Trovatore." At the Olympic a trifle entitled " Mad," written expressly for the twin Misses Lionel, between whom there exists an extraordinary likeness, has been received with favour. The scene represents the sitting-room in Madame Wilkins's hotel in Paris. When the curtain rises we at once make the acquaintance of Mr. Duncan Tilbury, whose genealogical proclivities have been satisfied in all directions but one— he has been unable to trace the pedigree of his wife. He knows that her Christian name is Bertha, but bis ignorance as to the identity of her father and mother is to him appalling. There presently comes upon the scene Mr. Murray Hoppes, who to Duncan Tilbury reveals the exigencies of his position. He is to be heir to a rich uncle if he can show that avunoular relation that he has taken a wife, and that he intends to " settle down." He will propose to the first lady hie meets, and will marry her in time to catch the 4.15 train. The first lady upon whom he sets eyes after he has buBtlea Mrs. Wilkins from the room is Marie, an orphan who has been befriended and taken as companion by the landlady. He begs her attention to a simple request, wrapped up in the words "Be mine." He gives cer Halt an nour to consider the matter, and directly afterwards he encoun ters the wife of Mr. Duncan Tilbury. So great is her resemblance to the girl to whom he bas just "popped" the important question that he mistakes her for the same. Bertha Tilbury is by no means averse to a little flirtation with the ecoentric Englishman, and, as soon afterwards Marie returns with ber answer to his proposal, and meantime has donned the ulster intended for Bertha, it will readily he guessed what diverting mistakes and complications ensue, the fun being well kept up until the end, when Duncan Til bury, having got bis Russian letter interpreted by " the Pole in the porkshop," explains that Marie is Bertha's long-lost sister. M. Francisque Sarcey, - who followed the French performances in London for the Dix Neatdhne Steele, describes in the following lively and imaginative manner the interview which took place between the Prince of Wales and Mdle. Sarah Bernhardt" The Prince of Wales came the other night between the acts to pay his compliments to Mdle. Bernhardt. He was accompanied by the King of Greece, whom he presented to the actress. ' My brother-in-law,' said he to her. Mdle. Bernhardt bowed her acknowledgments, and while the Prince went to congratulate the other actors she remained in tete-a-tete with the King; but she was not aware that she was talking to a King. She called him ' Monsieur' all the time, and talked right and left inciter usual cavalier style. But time pressed and she had to return to the dressing-room. 'Well,' said ber colleagues to her,' what do you think of the King of Greece?' 'What do you mean—what King of Greece?' she enquired. 'The King of Greece with whom you have just been talking,' was the reply. ' What! it was the King of Greece! it was a King!' and away she ran downstairs to see the Prinoe of Wales. >' Ah! Prince,' she exclaimed, ' it was treachery on your part not to tell me it was the King of Greece.' 'But I told you it was my brother-in law,' answered His Royal Highness, to which the actress rejoined, 'Tour brother-in-law! But how was I to know ? It might have been a tallow merchant!' And away she darted back to the dressing-room, leaving the Prince non plussed. Yon may think the English have been shocked at this. Nothing of the.kind; they forgive everything in this spoiled child." Professor Pepper continues to present his amusing, instructive, and scientific enterfoin u t utf, at Garuf-r's Theatre, to ltrje sad higbly 