-:THE IRISH '-'QUESTION. ?The ; itenible -and .aeiions -jomplications at present (disturbing the population in the south ibf Ireland are of such a character as to be of interest to ;._ tout readers. The agrarian murders now so frequent in Ireland must ^necessarily -cause -a feeling of sorrow for the * unfortunate . victims, and it is a -melancholy ?tate »f affairs that such crimes should go so long ^nunjpiimshed. 'Months haveaidw -passed since the -murder of the Earl of -Leitrim, and more recently' the shisoting of Lord Moni^ moiTesstertiedthecon^unity. Only a short distance from ' the residence of the latter the unfortunate nobleman's body was literally riddled with bullets. It is satisfactory to learn iihat the Land League deny ^uiy com plicity in these murders, but still they are responsible for a great deal of the dissatisfac tion that now permeates the whole jof the people in south Ireland, and are really the cause of the impending civil war between north a&d; south. - The clap-trap talked by Me&rs.; ; Painell and other agitators is just rftiis style of thing to rivet the attention *oi the ignorant and poorer classes in Ireland. 'Time after time these internescine troubles -arise in Ireland, and on each occasion the causes are the speeches of these self-named ?** friends of Ireland.' Many Tol these agita iiors arejj^o doabt sincere in their advocacy of what they term the rights of the people. ' At one time it is self- government, at another the land question is a fruitful topic on which to dilate. The men who are unfortunate, enough to own land in Ireland have anything / but a nappy time of it. First a reduction in; 'Teat is requested, then some demand is made ' for charity, and now the modest request is 1 -made to tinrow over the whole of the social laws of the kingdom and demand equalization. The Land League have actually demanded that owners of land shqjl quietly give up their land/ and possession Wivesumed by the Irish people. The cool conceit that urged the people to adopt such a demand to the Home ^Govornment as one of the principles of -ifee Land League, is most wonderful. That it is of $ourge tiie result of several members of the \- iiome &ule; party — now almost aisoanaea— no one«anfora moment. dispute ; indeed it was only £he sound common sense of the-late Mr* But* that kept them in check. His reasonable demands j his logical argu ments ; and his careful foresight, kept the party from outraging the law, and while under his leadership there was not the 'slightest fear of any outbreak of the Irish peoplej'anything but wise councils now pre-; vail on the part of those who are at the head of the present Msh agitation. These violent demands upon the Home Government have i of course been refused, and very properly J- steps Jiave been taken to protect the land-; r lord against the present riot. It is to be ? re' Vgretted that such serious steps have had to be iaken as to despatch troops to the dis afiected disteicts, but there was.no other (course open to the authorities, than to pro : tect law and order. - The people of Ireland have of^ course a great deal to justify them in agi ..tatang for an improved state of things in that country.. The curse of absenteeism is one ,-, jthat must always be; felt as ?& preveni^tiye of ihii i Buccesa of the people, and good feeling -:.be^een.4|ie;landlojrd and tenant. ; An owner 'of vast estates has a great deal of responsi-f 5i-jiily m; administering his estate, aod as a liinittter, of fact they are really 9^f adminis iitrators for the time being. They owe a duty ' id' i^hie people amongst whom tiey live, and I^Erpm:3whom they get their living. These 'Ji-laliejj 'arte merely moral responsibilUies of *&90^4-|tt ^*tat they are duties which cannot = ^ lost sight of w not jbo be denied. There is a Ijsi^Je wlay of meeting those, demands, and vjdwt'is^fisdueateVihe Irishpeople up to such -a point as ^ill show them the proper meiim ' and fe«,« of things Appertaining to tiieGov-; :^ern^eatof^iatso'M-try- Where ignorance prevaOs tt) iiucTi janejtenj; ujsil does in Ireland iot&^^besPxpfNBM but stupid demands of Buch«ldwracter as that under notixje. We ? -? :Wy' ' :^:;.- -M-'k ?:. ??'' Roman Catiiolic clergymen have denounced j the present^agilation,and advise the people to | try and settle the a^erences^by argunaent, not bounce.^. It is to be'regretted that these men are not ' listened to^ butjipf courseTr^ike the stage ;icikhman — the people are more, in clined for a =row than argument, and it is much easier.to raise a storm of discontent than lull it 'after it has arisen^ We hope to learn that the whole matter has been satis factorily arranged-shortly, and .both Govern ment and people settle. down into steady in dustry, and thereby, benefit the country now so unhappily in aqsiagmireof discontent and crime. That this result can only be achieved by forbearance on both sides is apparent to any person who has studied. the Irish ljues-: tion, and the people. The Recreation Ground. — *e have again in the Cricket Match that is being played to day another .proof, of the. want of an act to enable our*own Park Lands to be utilized on such occasions as this. Private grounds, and that too out of the town, have to be resorted to when any demonstration takes place to the detriment of the place. We have before called attention to this matter, and trust that the incoming Council will speedily see that there is an Act passed so that the trustees -would have power/to let the.grounds. We feel sure that this ma public want. JN ot only would it foe better for the town, but the. 'lettings' wouldlSje';a apurce -Tot, reyenue, which could be laid but in~decprating the. Park Lands. This must commend itself to all, and ' when we' fiave ?*uclfcf grounds at Our commandit does seem a F*natter ? ;of ^astonishi; inent that^nq mdyenas been madey :t3?hereis also another question that requires imme diate atteritibri. We briefly report a presen tation to two lads for ' courageously attempt ing to rescue the .drowned;' but it 'strikes us that a good deal ofrthe beneficial results of ?Dft Popiam's lecturesrto the boys at the ModelSchool will be lost because there is; no place yvjxcrc vixny ixmi. uc -^l«mjiiii»uxj ^-u.j.xcu out and taught the art o£ swimming. And not only do the .' lads '! feel the want of a public bathing place, but there are a large number of adrajbs : who are painfully conscious that during the ;hot suuinier mbnihs they cannot indulge in a*' swim.' We; think a idam nught be made near the junction of the river, and so; provide a want long felt. As bathing is mostijeneficial, and as it has now come fco be an axiom* that ** eyery one should learn to swim,' we'hope this matter will not be lost sight of, biit that 'steps will be taken as soon as our new Council is formed to make a convenient bathing resort, and also to make i3ie Park Lands available Sor public gather ings. : 'VAtnE of ifANB.^-The -premises occupied by Messrs. Alston and Brown, Collins- street, Melbourne, were sold the other' day, at the rate of £490 per foot.' ? ! CRiGKET;-T-The .South . Australiaii -Uleven won the match against the Ballarat Club in one innings. . Our men made 321 runs, Noel being tep scorer 7£ '? ' ' Tsbubbrs.— -'Mr. i5tbneham -of the.^Pruice Albert Hotel is the successful tenderer for the booth on the occasion of the Friendly Societies' Anniversary. ? . . - - : ; -; .^ . \- HAsrtAif v. Trickbtt. — A late telegram an nounces that Hanlan has been scratched for the Hop Bitters Company's Prize of JE1,000, on the 22nd inBt. Both Trickett and Laycock : compete. ?' : : ' '?- - ;; j Juvekhe Pdtafore. — We would remind ', oiir readers that the ' Juvenile -1'inafore ' is ' repeated again to-night in the Institute Hall, and the performance is to be under the dis tinguished , patronage of the Australian . Cricketers, who landed at Adelaide on' Sun- : day last after their remarkable career in England, We doubt not3 but there will be a; packed hall to greet them. The performance will also be repeated on Saturday night. - ffEAVYvRAiNBiisf ICngland. — ^From reports' just received from the old country we learn jthat there have been very heavy rains which \ did a considerable amount of. damage to the, crops after they were cut. In the Lincoln shire Fen District large gangs of boys have been engaged to carry the sheaves of corn home ; the ground being too soft to bear a cart or wagon ; and by these and other means most of the harvest has been -gathered in, but not without a good deal of the corn being spoiled. t Cooperation. — The first half-yearly: meeting of this Soqiety (which has been. Messrs. Duffieldand Co. 's mills) was held in the Institute on Wednesday evening last. There was a very fair attendance, Mr. Jas. : Coles did duty as ehairman. Mr. W. Paine, die secretary read the balance-sheet, showing: a profit of £47, which has been placed out at interest. There are sixty members,* and it is gratifying to leara that since the com mencement of the Society (which also! embraces a Benefit Club) there has been no sickness. . ? Gawler Rifle Volunteer Ciub.— -A' general meeting of the Club was held at the '* Old Spot Hotel ' on Wednesday last. The; chair was taken by Captain i A. Plummer. The revised code of rules was adopted, the officers for the ensuing year were appointed as follows : — Patron, Major F.Makiu, J.B. ;; President, Captain. LA. Plummer ; Vice^ Presidents, Lieutenant Jas. Taylor, and burgeon F. W^ H, Popham ; Secretary,; Sergeant S. Harbour ; Treasurer, Goldr-Ser-j geant John Crump ; Goiinmittee, Sergeant; John Mansom, Lance-Corporal E. Freak,: Private T. BaLdQck, J. GuUeu, and L. 0. Daw«. .. ? ' ' ' '-.^j; . . v'. .:.-'' Council Elections. — Requisitions have been presented to Mr. F. Fowfer,'East Ward ;' F. May, South Ward ; and Mr. J. 0. Wilkin son, North Ward » asking them to consent to be nominated as councillors; It is not likely there will be any contest,: For mayor the only candidate mentioned is Mr. Dean. Mr. Niquet we learn is trying to obtain signatures to a requisition asking Mr. Fogg, of the Coffee Palace to stand for East Ward, but the thing is looked upon as a good joke. ' Trickett and Hamxan Match.— This match which has caused a good deal of excitement in England, America, and the colonies came off on the Thames on Monday last in the presence of thousands of people. Trickett, the Australian, was sanguine of success and great confidence was felt in his power. A good start was made and for the first half mile the men came close together, and were! rowing in splendid style. The excitement; however, became intense when Hanlan was seen pulling ahead. Trickett spurted . in response to his backers but failed to gain on. his opponent, and appeared somewhat distressed. The Canadian still kept his lead, and fchomgh Trickett struggled manfully Hanlan won easily. Time 26 minutes 4.2 seconds. It is said that Trickett's recent bronchial attack had undoubtedly affected him, and rendered his exposure to the keen air that was blowing especially strong, ?? : ; TsaiORA, New -South' vVales, the new, gol&i;' field, is said , to have fifty-two hotels: twenty-;: two grog shanties, half-a-dozen biliard rooms,. I sad only on* church I * tj^iRiECBrvED. — The Br't'-sh 'Drade Journal with '' Wool' Chart' supplement is .to hand, and contains a large amount of information relative to home and foreign trade, and should prove of great interest to business men generally. 'Presentation. — On Tuesday morning last, at the Model School, Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P;y presented Joseph Gardiner and Frederick W. Sheppard, each witil a hand some walnut writing-desk, which bore the following inscription:—-' For courageous attempt to save from, drowning at Gawler, 18180.' In making the presentation Mr. Wincey referred to the good results of Dr. Pppham's lecture and pointed out that' not only, did the lads try to rescue from drown ing, 'but after finding the body they t^ok .proper means to resuscitate life. We under stand Dr Popham is to give another lecture to the boys as suggested in the first instance by Mr. Wincey. One of the desks can be seen in our shop window. TffE Intercolonial Cricket Match. — This match between the South Australian v. Victorian teams was concluded on Monday last. -''The Victorians went in hrst, and suc ceeded in putting together the large number of 329 runs. The -outh Australians followed and made a wrejbehed show, . all being* out for 79\. ;They of course had to follow on, and the '*_gLoTio\i& uncertainty of cricket ' was again! shown by their, getting 315 runs, a very creditable performance. W. Slight with 70 was top scorer, Giffen made 63, Hide and ;H. A;~ Gooden each 4S, King (not out) 28, fettinger 12, JNoel 10, UuUdugh », Kicnar -s 3, J;OP. Gopden 2, Goodfellow 1, Extras 21. The Victormus had 64 to get to 'win, and this bhey did with the loss of three wickets. Gawler Permanent Benefit Building Society-— 4. meeting was held at the Society's Office on Monday last, Kovemberl5. Preseiiti — Mr. D. McMillan (in the chair), and Messrs Deland, J. Smith, W. J. Bright, J. Bus bridge, J. Lawson, J. Coombs, Wilsmore, E. Potter, W. Ayling, L. S.- Burton, Dieck man, Lagerstrom, and. W. R. Lewis. The Secretary read report of Directors as fol lows:— Your Directors have again to con gratulate you on the success attained by the Society during Hie past half-year, being the fifteenth half-year since its formation. The profits still keep up to the 6s. per share of six months old, and other shares in propor tion, which rate has now been maintained for the past three years/ The nominal amount of money out on mortgage at the beginnine; of the; half year ^was': £7,750; lent ^during the' half-year, £'425; less redeemed and paid off, £875; nominal amount now lent, £7,300. The number of shares at the last audit was 215f ; shares taken up since, 274; less with drawn (matured and redeemed), 37. Total' number of shares how held, 206. Two of your Directors, Messrs. Annells and Burton, retire from office, but are eligible for .re election, 'aaid offer themselves accordingly. — (Signed), D. McMillan, Chairman. Messrs. Potter and Burton were elected Director^, and Messrs. Annells and* A. G. Oranz Audi tors. The financial report showed expen ses £62 19s. 7d. ; profits apportioned amongst members, £382 2s. 6d,, and the sum of £333 - 12sv ^d. rwas carried forwafd i to the credit ,3of %e ^ojsiely. i i ;. '.'?$' Trip' to the *3SrdBTH-EAST,f-^A- corre spondent writes.—' Please allow me space in your columns to make a Jew comments «,bout the crops in my trravels through the follow ^gl'^districtsi^Hamley il J&iidge;, . Stockport :Tai3ee,j;Riyerton^ito i Saddlfijiyorth by^jfeaa^ 'The- -eiopsTare ;yery^ighti ifiSHhigffest likeijj average I saw in the above distric^^wassev^ or eight bushels: per acre; the hay crops^a also very ;? 'light. A'On the pastern side of tbte1 range from Saddleworth towards Steeltbh tits crops areTather better, a litfcl© red tost, --^sv' not likely to be injurious to the crops. Stay-: ing ; at Steelton for Jdie night, next day being a public holiday, I took the opportunity I. of. 'isitiugMarrabel, where the Oddfellows were holding their annual picnic. .The weather being all that could be desired, a number of spectatorstumed out. The procession started from the lodge-room, and proceeded, to the paddock about a mile and a-half from the township. The sports were a great success, and the events keenly contested. The Eapunda Brass Band was engaged for the dayi: - There are some yeiyViair crops about Marrabel, sightly affiected; with rust, butonly on :$h& flag; . there vis strawg«nough for 14. or 15 bushels per acre. Travellmg then through TothilTs Belt the crops are rather lightef.,; On the eastern side of the Julia Range ^to wards Robertscown there are some splendid^ crops, and should the rust not become any worse than it is at present some paddocks are likely to yield 18 or 20 bushels to the acre. Passing on through liobertstown towards the Hundred of English one self -grown crop is badly affected with rust, and is scarcely worth, reaping^ while the other crops are too far advanced for .the rust to injure them. I then went through the western part of the Murray Scrub to the newly surveyed Hun dreds of Bundey and King, the land being of a scrubby nature. Teere are very few selec tions taken up until I came within a Tpilft of the Burra Creek, where the land is not so thickly timbered. There are some very fair crops on the fallow land, but that which was. ploughed and put in is not quite bo promis ing; there is very little indications of rust. In the Hundred of King one fine crop of 200 acres does look really well; the owner ex pects to reap about 20 bushels per acre. The grasshoppers are very numerous in the above Hundreds, but the wheat being nearly ripe they are not jikely to do much damage; the rabbits are al§pAyery juimerous, and if left long undistur^ediwll soon prove to be a great nusisance.' : .. /;. ^-:._- .. s Mttnicepai, EiECTioKa. — -. The day for nominations for the Council is rapiUy approaching, and yet very little interest is being taken in the. matter. .Ratepayers should remember, that this is an important question, as if the town is not well governed we cannot expect to see it flourishing. And again, the Council has the spending of the money which we by the rates are called upon to pay ; thus it is our duty to see that we are represented by gentlemen of intelligence and sound common sense. There are still candidates wanted for South and East Wards, and it is a pity that such apathy should be manifested by our townsmen in a matter that concerns alL We hope some tangible .proof will be given that the work of the Council is thought something of by the ratepayers, or we shall have but little energy disDlaved bv the gentlemen who mav be elected, they feeling that the town cares but little, ..and. takes, less interest in Municipal proceedings. But if we have a healthy* rivalry for the position of Councillor we may expect better things to emanate from the Council Chamber, as il*e members will see' that their proceedings are watched and' judged accordingly. A word to. the wise ought to sufiice, ' We believe B|r. Fowler wifi , stand for East Ward, Mr. May for, South, and Mr. J. 0. Wilkinson for the North. Professob Pepper.— We believe it is the intention of this clever illusionist to visit our i town, and give some of his lecture entertain ments, and Pepper's Ghost, which caused so ratitch excitement in Adelaide and the neigh boring colonies, and also his Shadow Panto mime, and we are sure Professor Pepper will receive a cordial - welcome. As his lectures and entertainments have been so highly spoken of } -y the press we are confident 'that a large number will hail with pleasure the announce inent. We hope to be able to in form our readers definitely, of the professor's arrangements next week. ; Dogmatic Atheism.—' How to answer cavil lers at religion;' by His Grace Archibald Campbell Tart, Archbishop of Canterbury [Dr. CampbeU Tait is the first Scotsman who has fflled the high position as Archbishop of Canterbury. His Grace is noted for broad, liberal views, and his words will therefore carry weight to his thoughtful countrymen Charge to clergy and la'ty, 1880.— Practical atheists we have everywhere, if atheism be the denial of God. Ask the objector— Do you believe nothing which is not capable of being tested by the ordinary rules which govern experiment in things material ? How then do you know that you yourself exist? How do you know that the perceptions of your senses are not mere de lusions? and that there is auything without you answering to what your mind conceives ? Have you a mind? and if you have not, what is it that enables you to think and reason, fear and hope ? Are these conditions of your being the mere results of your material organism, ike the headache which . springs from indigestion, or . the high spirits engendered . by too much wine? Are you something better than a Vegetablejhighly cultivatea, or more, than your brothers of the lower animals ? ' id if so, what IS It tTTl3.f~- tfllffiftFP-nfclAfloHa vniir -'anTiamniMJi*. 9 1K7'I*t* -~ - — — — — — - ?— — — vhviwvvu J WUL niil/CllVlilJfY ? ' *' ?' V do things without youHabey your will ? !' Jiave you a will? And if bo, what is it ? I think.you must allow that intellect is a thing almost Divine if there be anything Divine; and I think also you must allow that it is not a thing to be propagated as we propagate well-made and high bred cattle. Whence came Alexander the Great? whence Charlemange? and whence the First Napoleon? Was it through mere process of spontaneous generation that they sprang np to alter by their genius and overwhelming will the destinies* of the world ? Whence came Homer, Shakspeare, and Bacon? Whence came all the great historians? Whence came Plato, and all the bright lights of divine philosophy, of oratory, of poetry ? Their influence, after all, you must allow to be quite as wide and as en during as any produced by the masters of those positive material sciences which.' you' worship. Do you think that all these great minds — for they are minds, and their work was not the product of 'a. merely highly organised .material frame— i-were the -outcome of some system, of material generation, which your so-called science «an subject to rule, and teach men how to pro dace by growth as they grow vegetables ? Nay, will you venture to deny that with lives and teaching of the ggsatfmen who have swayed the world, there has been 'some proof of divine intention calling them into being, preserving them amid the accidents and difficulties of life till^ they, had accomplished the '. purpose for which; that Divine intelligence had -shaped J%hem ? We challenge these reasoners to look at facts, 'which Itftey pride themselves 'as taking tor their gdid^j the fact that you livej the f act ' that yotf; trust the .perception of your senses; the fact of the world's history, and of Jh§ way in which mind and not body has de bonnced it ; the fact that no knowledge: of the wisest among yon can even approach to the solution of thil? mystery of the power of mind ; and I call upon you; on your own principles, to abandon Your materialistic . theories, and wor ship an intelligence higher than your own, jjrhich pervades all things, and has^ stomped ;gp^^par«py^3trupa the acceptance of certain principles ?robich- you couhl not-jgain^fpr your selves, aatt^ cannot test/ by,' expEneoce. ' ^ coarse tnatlriaHsm wUifeh' xells a. Tnan 'because .lie is not conscious in himself of any stirring of spiritual -life within him, that he may boldly i'deny the? existence of all spirits, and professes io know that which Its very theory proclaims to be unknowable, will surely never /make progress amongst anjvbut the most debased- and ignorant in- an-'age WTiieh prides itself on testing every thing by experiment, and on not stirring one seep be'yond'-ihe calm convictions which an enquiring reason sanctions. : ? 