THE nA.LL.lUAT MININU ltEVIVAL. (i-y tho Leader e Reporter.) A great change for the better has lately taken place ia tho prosperity and prospects of the ' Sallarat district. The ' discovery of payable quartz reefs running through tho heart of tlio city lias, givon a romarkablo impetus to mining entorpriso, and has imparted new life and hope to hundreds, of prospectors who havo for years been struggling againBt ad vorsity. Tlio geologi cal features of the Bullarat goldfiolds presont a number of extremely interesting problems. It is well known what vast yields of gold have UWU UUbUUiW II U III WIU UUUVIUl WUlftltlgB WJUIIBU ramifications extend in almost every direction round, tho' district, but of course these claims were in oourso of timo exhausted,, and all tho rich drift was washed up and the gold ex tracted. Yot, so extensive wns tho alluvial plateau that' it kept Ballarat going for over a quarter of a contunry, providing employment for thousands of minors, and centralising other indus tries.. But during that time mining men were anxiously casting their oyes about and specu lating, as to what wus to be the future of Balla rat when 1J|e alluvial claims wore worked out. Tho quhstaon was for years discussed — why are there no* quartz roofs on Ballarat similar to those on Sandhurst? That there wore reefs from whioh in prehistoric times tho goldon de posits of alluvial had beon washed was a neces sary inference, but where those reefs were to be found was a question which almost a generation of minincr nnnnnlnfnrn fail or! fn annwoi*. 'Monti. while the yield of gold from the old mines was falling off ; claims wero getting worked out and abandoned ; minors were leaving the district, and enterprise was being baffled and discour aged. Tho valuo of property went down, houses were loft tenantless to go to ruin and decay, and on the whole the prospects of Ballarat wore in deed very gloomy. But Ballarat men have, always been noted for thoir pluck and energy,' and year ? after year tho search for quartz resfs was continued with all tho onergy that limited capital could bring to bear, and at last success has given the reward to which such honest and persiatent industry was entitled. In the great work of prospecting for roofs many men havo run through fortunes, which tlioy mado out of the alluvial Jvorkings ; and the ultimate dis covery of the fruo quartz lodes has only been nsiTliavad Kv a'annonoainn e\f Kv*/\1ran fAwfunoo nn/1 broken companies. The important discovery of a payable quartz reof was first made about twelve months ago by the Band and Albion Consols, ono of the pioneer companies of Ballarat ; and the circumstances connected with this discovery are of a remark able character. This company formorly carried on alluvial operations, and produced many thou sands ounces of gold. They occupy a large area of ground about half a mile from the centre of the city, on the right bank of the Yarrowoe Creek. From their eastern shaft a crosscut wns put in to the westward for a distnuce of 600 feet, and a reof was cut which, on a trial crush ing, wns found to contain gold in payablo quan tities. It i| a singular fact that the Knliinoor Oompany was prospecting and driving for yoars in search of tho supposed reof, but all their operations wero directed eastward towards the alluvial diggings. Not a singlo drive was put in through tho oastern part of their ground, whore the reef has now boon found. The Band and Albion shoft, from which the lode was struck, stands a considerable distance to the south-east of tho Kohinoor ground ; consequently a cross cut, driven in a westward direction at right angles with tho supposed lino, went through the reef. Had the Kohinoor Company driven to wards.. the east instead of tlie west tliey would havo comolupon the reof twenty years ago, and tho whoi^history of Ballarat would havo been changed. Of course as soon as the existence of this reef became known, nud its auriferous quality established beyond doubtf attention wns directed to quartz mining generally, and com panies wore formed all along the lino northwards, for tlie Ballarat reefs, like those of Sandhurst, run in parallel lines, north and south. The Band and Albion ground is tho oxtremo point to tho south at whioh the now reef has boon traced so far ; but it has beon traced nearly a quarter of' a mile from that claim northwards, and wherever found it has been carrying 'gold in large quantities. It appears to be running through the city, somewhere under a street known as Raglan-street. It increases in width as it is followed down. At a depth of 600 feot it wns nearly .20 foot wide, and all of it will pay for orushing,fbeing said to average loz. per ton. Since attention has beon so completely drawn to quartz ripping consequent on this grand dis covery, it has beon nscortamed beyond doubt that there are at least three well defined lodes of quartz reef running through Ballarat, ono at the east called tho Black-hill, the Consols, run ning under Raglan-street, as just described1; and the Prince of Wales which is further to tho west. Tho result of tlio discovery of gold in tho Consols roof was before long seen in tho form of a general revival of mining enterprise, the rehabilitation of companies once all but de funct, and tlie extension of drives nnd of shafts not only 011 that lino but all over the dis-. triot. No suoh excitement has been seen in tlio oolony since the' Sandhurst rush of 1871. The present rush is certainly not of suoh wild and extravagant proportions as those of tho Sand hurst mania, whon that oity was invadod with people from all parts of Australia ; when men used to wnlk the streets all night unable to get a night's lodging ; when stook jumped to extra ordinary prices, afterwards to come travelling down ngajn. i*In those times many sold out 1 their houses$md homes in order, to gamble in bubble companies, and no doubt in ovory great ! development of publio ontorpriso there iB a strong tondenoy to foster the gambling spirit, land that operates until a ic-actiou sets iu und ( people. find that, they have been over-speculating Some of thjTlessdiis of tnu Sandhurst fovftr have hnd a sal utSr^' effect; in toning down the present wAitemontf afe Ball rat, . and moderating the .prtcoB of .fjtbck} ,' Still tli/ire are to bo bmp some of'' tho usual symptoms of reelduss speculation mixed-viip;, -with legitimate investmentc; . Coin sanies have betin lately floated at the rate of 30 Bk week,, and the share, market is r.pw quite in Bklated with 'bubble 'scrip. Small \,areas of ground liaVo been cut up and sub-divided ; tri«^ and even sub-tributos formed.,'' One comg^p^luip no fewer than five tributes. The' proce^onkriMUvuinn of. interest and property is ratbor - i/ina^Psi'ng to 'hona^fide investors, apd is all in favour of jobbers arid dealers, as it increases the amount ,of negotiable stook, and t&ids; to Tiiiso .'price's mid' commissions. - It in volves a more expensive' method of management and manipulation, necessitating additional sets pf offices, manager, directors, books, scrip and registration. * B.nt this is t-y no means the worst feature of the sub-d'visioh' of'conipany system ; . it involves the pu lay of large capitals in sink ing shafts arid put.tii.g in . drives along a small section of a reef, where one large company cotlld do as much work and imil e as? inriohf progress as . several small isolated' partnerships, arid at per haps a third of the cost. /Very few of the new- - ly- organised or resuscitate I companius.. have begunNp pay dividends. A 'carofiilly-compiled list shows that there are only 10 dividend- pay ing companies -on Ballarat propor? at * present, viz : —Band and Albion Consols, Band. of Hope Quartz, Black-hill, Diichess; New Kohinoor, Llanborris, New Diihock,. Parade, Sergeant's Freehold, Washington Freehold. As againBt these 10 dividend, paying companies there are ovor i00 iioii-diyidoiid paying companies ; which can bo only described as having fai^proBpects, and about an canal number which can nardly bo said to have a ghost of a show — al any rate, not at presont. , As alrtady intimated, tliero are three princi pal woll-defined bodies of reef now known to bo running through Ballarat north and south. (I) Tho Consols lino, supposed to run through Radian-street, and under tho city ; (2) ? the Fgmco of Wales line, running paralled further west from the Prince of Wales claim to Lake Wpndouroe ; nnd (3) the Black-hill, Canadian or .Qpjclen Point line, which is away to the east , about three quaters of a mile from the1' Consols. The Consols and Blnek-hill are the most im portant reefs yet discovered in the district, and tliey are at present the objects of greatest attention. Indeed, the Black hill line used to yield payable quartz twenty years ago; but that Was near tho surface, nnd no reef of a por manoritly valuable nature was then found. Tho mines of tlie Black-liill and Parade com panies are -..the most developed on this reef. Tho Consols line, howei er, is the one which enjoys the greatest amount of public patronage, seeing that it has beon proved to be the richest nnd most durable of all previous qunrtz dis coveries in Ballarat ; and on thnt line, the claim of tho Band and A bion ConBbls is by far the most celebrated. Tho history of this company is extremely romantic. It seems to be the con necting link botweon the old and new systems of mining on Ballarat. On the west of tlio Consols line stand its broken-down alluvial plant, its antiquated poppet-heads and its dila pidated office, through which about £2,000,000 worth of gold havo passod. The total quantity of gold got by the company previous to March, 1868, was £1,001,287, whioli wns derived from alluvial workings ; the total yield under the presont registration, which commenced in March, 1868, has been about £900,000, whioh was /Inmnnrl fr/sm nllnuinl nn/1 nnnnl'r nnmnmon On tlio eastern part of the company's ground, a few hundred yards distant, abutting on the Yarrowoe Creek, are the newly-opened out quartz claim and battery of the company, which stand ub living monuments of a new era of mining enterprise. This claim; is on the south ern extremity of tho Consols reef, and.' it was tho point from which the discovery of the reef was mado and thence traced northwards. Nothing- payable has yet been found south of this mine, and it lias been suggested that the reef has been broken by a fissure indicated by the gnlly with whish the Band and Albion; ground is nearly coterminus. At the 150 feet level of their eastern shaft a crosscut was put in a distance of between 500 and 600 feet west ward towards the old ailnvial mine »nl there a fino looking reof six inches thick was discovered. That roof was struck in Fobrnary, 1879. As tho s'torife was followed down it was found to expsnd/in bulk until at ths 360 feet it was over 20 foot thick. Ir. averaged 1 oz. por ton. For a timo after 'hi exact value of the quartz wns established, the shares, 22,450 in number, wore only worth 2s. 6d. each but now they aro worth from £7 5s. to £7 10s., and have since paid £1 5s. per share in dividends, making .them equal to about £8 10s. They havo recently erected a forty-head battery of stampers which is considered colossus in its way, and no doubt it is for Ballarat; but when it is compared with'the 100-head batteries of the Kocli's Pioneer Company at Loig Giilly, and numerous other extonsivo plants, tho riroud evidencos of Bondigoninn enterprise, it will be seen how far behind is quartz mining on BallarAt Passing along tho Consols lino in a northerly direction from the Band and Albion ground we come noross numerous ..other valuable claims whioh havo recently, sprung into notice in con sequence of the discovery referred to. There is tho New Kohinoo£' Company, with its numerous ' pups' or tributes, '??the Washington Freehold, and Sergeant's' Freehold, claims all clustered together amdng houses , showing the complicated oharaoter''of titles. The New Kohinoor Com pany is one of the veteran companies of Ballarat, it was formorly known as the Bnrra Burrs. Thoy havo been at work for many yoars search ing for the supposed reefs, but they never dis-. covered any lastingly payable stone until after the Band and Albion discovory. Up to 185G tho old Burra Bnrra Company worked its alluvial ground to the wost of the lino. In 1861 thoy obtained a littlo qunrtz, which paid ? well for a timo, but it was soon worked down' to the water loved, and tho run of it waB lost. Tliey struok' quartz at 280 feet ; at 320 foot tho quartz gawp 2oz. 4dwt. por ton ; at 350 feet it gave 18 iflpvt. per ton, whioli continued till thoy went down to 500 feet, when tliey lost the quartz. Ever since tlion the company con tinued prospooting for tho roef, but they always prospoctod to the wost, in the direction of tno ailnvial workings. The Band and Albion Company's quartz shaft was as already stated further oas^ than tho Bnrra Burra ground. They droWj westward to find the old Burra Burra lodqj and before reaching the old ono they disovored the now one. Whilst this comp any was struggling with its difficulties , Mr. W. Collard Smith held a fifth share nnd had ho re tained his intorost a fow months longer it would liavo boon now worth noarly £20,000. Even since the discovory of tho Consols reof, and a short time b fore tho valuo of the Kohinoor'a proporty became known, thousands of shares in the New Kohinoor Company were forfeited and sold for a threepenny call. At tho presont *v,Aa»nni- ilmlannan alinnna nn'tti f.YlA ' niinfl' AfO worth £8.ofcli. They havo now eight tributes, ; ono beinjpfinown as the No, 1 Band of Hope, whioli has already got three sub-tributes. Tho properties of somo of those tributos are rotnark nbly small not boing more thnn S00 feet along the lino of reef north and south. It is noodlesB.to say that with the revival^ of mining, tho Corner sprang onoo more into exist, enoo, with twice its former glor.v and excitement and it is now tho centre of attraction for thou sands of apoonlatoM who have flooked to it* preoinots from allparls of Australia.^ ? . /' '? '' ' ,,\: A . 