MISCELLANY. THB PALE OP CIVILISATION.-Pearl powder. IN mince-pies there is meat for repentance. To make Buperb soup nee the proper eoup herbs. A SHIP'S rudder is a stem necessity; and a spoon is a stir necessity, too. A FIRM FOUNDATION,-Establishing a partnership. AN old lady was recently overheard to ask ber little boy how he dare steal the molasses syrup titiously. " BOTTLE for bottle I can understand," said an easy-going master of a house to his butler, on being informed that a favourite bin of Madeira was ex hausted ; " but your two to my one is too bad." ECONOMY OP WORDS.-" If I have ever used any unkind words, Hannah," said Mr. Smiley, reflec tively, " I take them all back." " Yes ; 1 suppose you want to uee them over again," was the not very soothing reply.-New Haven Register. FRESH CUSTOMER-'" I'm surprised to Bee how quietly you stand the silly criticisms and ob jections of that ehallow-pated cad who has just left the shop." Merchant-" Oh, my good sir, in our trade we always make allowance for empties !" " IN the sweet, balmy, delicious happiness of love's young dream," savB an American paper, " a youth will not only insist on cracking walnuts for his girl, but on peeling them as well. Two years after marriage he will not even let her have the nut cracker until he is through." THE IRREPRESSIBLE BOY.-" The boy stood on the burning deck." Mind, " stood." We don't believe it. We never were ou the burning deck of an excursion Bteamer that the boy didn't always have the best seat, right where his hat could b'ow off into the water, and everybody else stood.-New Haven Re gister. RELIGIOUS EMOTION.-A negro girl in Ir winton, Ga., at a religious meeting, was so overcome by emotion that she fell into a trance and remained so all night. The next morning she lay apparently lifeless, but a few healthly strokes from an enchanted wand, " four feet long, and well-seasoned," brought her to, and in a few seconds she was as well as ever, and ready for work and grub, but especially grub. A STREET IDYLL.-He was saying, aa he scratched a lucifer on the Bide of a house, " I like these houses with sanded paint; nice when you want to strike a match, you know." " Is that so ?' she asked, demurely ; " I wish I lived in a house with Banded paint"-and then Bhe looked thingB unutter able. If he had asked " What for she would have hated him. But he didn't; he took the hint, and the match was struck then and there. THE HONEST ANGLER.-An Oil City man went fishing the other day, and he came home with nothing but a little half-pound bass. " Is that all you caught ?" asked his friends. " Tnat's all," replied the man. "How many bites did you have?" "None," exclaimed the fisherman, and the whole crowd cried, " He's found ! he's found ! Here is the honest fisher man." He'd have had fifty invitations to drink in ten minutes if a small boy hadn't broken through the crowd and said, "See here, mister, yer gave me a bogus nickel for that air fish." And now that crowd bas no faith in human nature. BANGED.-It is wonderful what fools boys are. A charming widow of our city owns a nice boy, and a man from St. Paul wants to be appointed deputy father to the lad. It was only last Sunday that while the St. Paul man was strolling down Chest nut-street with the lad he asked, " Bub, does your mamma bang her hair ?' and that foolish boy answered, "Oh, no; but you ought to see her bang dad's head. Uuess the minister didn't know everything when he told par to prepare to die. Prepare! Why, he was aching to die."-American Paper. A BOLD ASSERTION.-A mother once sent her son, who was afflicted with a pair of "gleed een," into Edinburgh to get them set straight. On coming home his mother said to him, " Jockie, my man, what did they do to your eyes ?' " Look, see! mother," said the hopeful, " they took them out after they gied me chloroform." " Now, how did you ken they were oot ?" asked his mother. "Oot," says Jockie, not to be done, " didn't I see them baith lying on the table i" NUNC DIMITTIS.-In New York, a drag, driven by an elegantly-attired lady, with a trim and neatly-dree6ed coloured boy perched on the footman's seat behind, was passing through the street, when it was espied by an old negro woman. " Bress de Lord!" Bhe exclaimed, raising her hands as she spoke, " Bress de Lord ! I never 'epected to see dat. Wonder what dat young cullud gemman pays that young white 'oman for driving dat kerridge ? I know'd it'd come, but never 'spected to lib to see it. Dis niggar's ready to go 'way now." A CURIOSITY OF ADVERTISING.-Here is a curiosity of advertising, extracted from a circular of a New York dentist to young ladies about to be married: -" Having heard the happy newB of your approaching marriage, I have the pleasure of offering you my services in setting your teeth in complete order, as per annexed schedule of prices. This operation, which is useful in all ordinary events of life, is indispensable under the present circumstances. The first impres sions of married life are ineffaceable, and their con sequences ff the greatest gravity. I therefore cannot too strongly advise you to have your teeth thoroughly cleaned by a skilful and conscientious practitioner." THE ARTISTIC TRAMP.-There is a tramp who haunts the east end of Galveston who has got it down fine. He has reduced it to a perfect system. He bas his regular customers, so to speak. He knocks at the door of a house. The owner came out. As soon as be saw the tramp, he said :-"Now, look here, last week I gave you a nickel to stop away for ten days, and here you are back again." The tramp put his hand to his forehead and was lost in thought for several minutes. Then he said, "You are right, Colonel. Your regular assessment is not due yet for a week. When I get back to my counting-room I'll pay off my head book-keeper and discharge him. He has neg lected to give you the proper credit on the ledger." "Well, go on, now." "All right, Colonel. This is not a professional call; it is only complimentary: No extra charge." ART AND THE SUPERNATURAL.-Discussing the relations of art and the supernatural, a writer in the " Cornbill Magazine," says" We have forms of the supernatural in which we believe from acquiesence of habit, but they are not vital; we have a form of the supernatural in which, from logic and habit, we disbelieve, but which is vital; and this form of the supernatural is the ghostly. We none of us believe in ghosts as logical possibilities, but we most of us con ceive them as imaginative probabilities; we can still feel the ghostly, and thence it is that a ghost is the only thing which can in any respect replace for us the divinities of old; and enable us to understand, if only for a minute, the imaginative power which they possessed, and of which they were despoiled not only by logic, but by art. By ghost we do not mean the vulgar apparition which is seen or heard in told or written tales; we meau the ghost which slowly rises up in our mind; the haunter, not of corridors and staircases, but of our fancies. Just as the gods of primitive religions were the undulating bright heat which made mid-day solitary and solemn as midnight; the warm damp, the sap-riser and expander of life: the sad dying away of the summer, and the leaden, suicidal sterility of winter; so the ghost, their only modern equivalent, is the damp, the darkness, the silence, the Bolitude; a ghost is the sound of our steps through a ruined cloister, where the ivy- berries and convolvulus growing La the fissures sway up and down among the sculptured foliage of the windows, it is the scent of mouldering plaster and mouldering bones from beneath the broken pavement; a ghost is the bright moonlight against which the cypresses stand out like black hearse-plumes, in which the blasted grey olives and the gnarled fig-trees stretch their branches over the broken walls like fantastic,' knotted, beckoning fingers, and the abandoned villas on the outskirts of Italian towns, with the birds flying in and out of the unglazed windows, loom forth white and ghastly; a ghost is the long-closed room of one long dead, the faint smell of withered flowers, the rustle of long-unmoved; curtains, the yellow paper and faded ribbons of long- unread letters . . . each and all of these things, and a hundred others besides, according to our nature, is a ghost, a vague feeling we can scarcely describe, a something pleasing and terrible whfcb invades our whole consciousness, and which, oonfasedly embodied, we half dread to see behind us, we know qot In what shape, if we look round. Call we in our artist, or let us be our own artist; embody, let us see or hear this ghost, let it become visible or audible to: othere be sides ourselves; paint us that vagueness, mould ttitoi shape that darkness, modulate into chords that silence -tell us the .character and history of. those vague beings . . set to work boldly or bun Jungly-what do we obtain t: 4 picture, a piece ol music, % story; but the ghost is gone. In its stead we get oltenest tbe mere image of a human being ; call it a ghost if yon 'will, It 1b none. And the more complete the artistic work, the less remains pf the ghost. Why do those stories affect us most in which the ghost is beard but not seen ? Why do those places affect us most of which'we merely vaguely know that they-are- haunted? Why most of all those which look as if they might be haunted ? Why, as soon as a figure is seen, is the ehutb.hfeH lost? And why, even when there is a. figure, is it kept so vague and mlst-like'T Would you know Hamlet's father for aghast unless be told you he .wascme, and can yoiu remenfber.it long while he speaks in'mortal words? And what would '.be"Hamlet's father without the terraoe of Elsinore, the hour, and the-moonlight ? Do not these embodied ghosts owe what little pHect they still possess to their surroundings/and Ate not the surrounding* the real ghost ? Throw sunsiiine on to them, and what remains f We moderns seek in the world of the supernatural a renewal ot the delightful seml-obBcuHty of vision and keenhess of fancy ot our childhood, when a 'glimpse into faltyltad was still possible, when things appeared in false lights, brighter, more important, more magnificent than now. . . . We now appreciate and despise; we see, we no longer imagine. And it is to replace this uncertainty of vision, this liberty of seeing in things much more than there 1B, which belongs to man and to mankind in its childhood, which compensated the Middle Ages for starvation and pestilence, and compensates the child for blows and lessons; ft is to replace this that we crave after the supernatural, the ghostly-^no longer believed, but still felt. It was from this sickness of the prosaic, this turning away from logical certainty, that the men of the end of the eighteenth and the beginning of this century, the men who had finally destroyed belief in the religious supernatural, who were bringing light with new sciences of economy, philology, and history-Schiller, Goethe, Herder, Coleridge-left the lecvure-room and the laboratory, and set gravely to work on ghostly tales and ballads.' 