[?] Sketches in Parliament. By Sceutatoe. The sitting of the Assembly on Friday week was entirely devoted to the totalisator, and Mr. Garrett was present in his best form to move the second read ng of his bill to legalize the use of that instrument. . There had evidently been a large amount of active ? canvassing among honorable members on both sides, and for a Friday night the attendance | was unusually large. Just as the Sergeant- I at-Arms announced, at the expiration of the usual I- 29 minutes' grace after 4 o'clock, 'Gentlemen, | Mr. Speaker,' a knot of ' sporting ' members could f be observed at the door of the gangway, either de- f signedly or accidentally blocking the entrance, in the £ hope of seeing Mr. Speaker stand on the second step Hi of his dais to count the House before taking his seat, Ij according to his custom on a private night, and with $', a chuckling expectation of hearing him say, ' There not I- being a quorum present, the House is adjourned.' § But this time they were disappointed, for Mr. Garrett j.' is not in the habit of being caught napping when I Parliamentary tactics of this kind are to r the fore, and he led off with his motion. | in the presence of much more than a I quorum. He contended that the totalisator would | cure the worst evils of betting, and in proof he cited | ' the exhaustive description of the machine in the J Sydney Mail' and several articles that have appeared | in the Herald and Echo. Another authority cited was f Mr. ' Toby ' Ryan, to use the name by which that I gentleman' is still remembered by the older habitues \ of Macquarie-street ; and who testified that at a j recent meeting at Randwick the public got back £177 f of their bets, and the bookmakers retained £223, or J 56 per cent, of their takings on 20 races. The % totalisator would have taken only 5 per cent., or £20 S out of ,the £400 ; therefore, argued Mr. Garrett, . \ the bookmakers and Tattersall's Club were ? | opposed to the instrument. Among the | antagonists of the measure were Messrs. : Charles, Terry, Hungerford, Roseby, Shepherd, - Long, Macintosh, and M'Elhone, who all gave reasons ? for their opposition, including also some very candid, ; not to say barefaced, admissions. Mr. Terry may \\\ almost be designated as the anti-betting champion of -. the House: but when Mr. Cameron gently insinuated, . , in a way that he 'would have ruled out of order if s appealed to while himself occupying the chair, 'The honorable member himself bets,' the accused member did not attempt to vindicate his slandered virtue, but replied, ' I do not deny it ; but still I do not think it right, and now we are asked as members of Parliment ? to legalize gambling.' What a convenient distinction ! \ As a member of Parliament, Mr. Terry's virtue j is beyond suspicion ; but Mr. Terry, as a ( man and a private citizen, claims the right to i be as wicked as he likes ! The incident i; reminds one of the story about a blaspheming French prince, who 'was also an archbishop, and who ? was asked, in reply to his claim to act the double part, ' But, my lord, when the devil gets the prince, . what will become of the archbishop ?' I have not the least desire to see Mr. Terry go to the d ? , . or to any bad place ; but he seems to be most in dustriously paving the way with the proverbial. ' good intentions.' Mr. Long was equally ingenuous. Personally he never betted, 'except when he had more than an average chance of winning.' Exactly ; and it is such cautious, long-headed men as he who ? succeed on the turf at the expense of 'the silly Hats ' for whom our late most excellent Governor had so much contempt. But in what does this differ from the policy that has made the turf a snare to thousands r The strongest thing said during the debate came, as might be expected, from Mr.1 M'Elhone, who went in for 'kicking out of the ? House both the bill and the man who proposed it.' It is quite as well that he did not try on that game of kicking 'within the precircts of Parliament, as that pleasant exercise can be more safely indulged in under ? the sheltering roof of the Town Hall. The second . reading was lost by 19 to 15, and so the matter ends for the present session. it against assisted immigration. Apparently he - reserved his strength for the reply upon his motion, . for he had to speak before tea to empty galleries, and ' after tea it was expected that the galleries would be full. He had nothing to say that has not been said a score of times already by those who take the same - side of the question, and as to evidence in support - of his assertion of great and unprecedented distress,, he had nothing to produce beyond vague assertion. Sir Henry Parkes had decidedly the best of the ? argument in his reply, and seemed conscious of his advantage, for he could afford to be good-tempered — - a Etate of mind of which he is incapable when hard pressed. Mr. Garrett spoke in a very hesitating tone for him ; and, when Captain . Charles rose, the House instantly dwindled to about a dozen members — a very plain hint : to that honorable member that his habit of speak ing on every question that arises, if properly appre- - ciated, is certainly not enjoyed by the majority of his ? hearers. At 7 o'clock, when about 30 of the popular - representatives were in the midst of dinner, the bell j rang for a quorum, and not half-a-dozen would stir ;j from the table to make a House, and so Mr. Cameron's ? motion was counted out, not, as I believe, from . malice prepense, but very much as an accident, arising . from the fact that the opponents of the motion thought its supporters should take the trouble of keeping a House, and partly from the fact that some of those supporters themselves fell far below the temperature of passionate devotion. . On Tuesday, the 2nd of March, however, Mr. Cameron means to have his revenge, for he has given notice to renew the debate on that day. Wednesday was devoted to theStamp DutiesBill,and - very dreary work it was. From about a quarter before 5 to nearly half-past 7 o'clock the stream of talk crept sluggishly along, unrelieved by a single flash of wit, genius, or eloquence. Almost fromsheer weari ness, first the House granted the Treasurer nearly ail he ? ?wanted, and then the Treasurer incontinently gave up ; the sliding scale of duties on the estates of deceased \ persons; and when a few formal matters that were j reserved have been dealt with next Wednesday even- i ing, the bill will be sent to the Council for its sub | sUcntio concurrence. Its effect is expected to be the ? | addition of £300,000 per annum to our taxation, as ; f soon as it can be brought into full operation ; and . | that amount will fall principally upon property, and I much more heavily upon circulating capital than upon | eal estate. ' f Thus at last the way was clear for the resumption . j of the committee upon the Education Bill, for which % the public have been so long waiting, and on Thurs- ': day night the great battle of the session was renewed. . j In the interval Mr. Sutherland has resigned his seat I for Paddington, and that means one opponent the less to the 26& clause. The reasons for this step on Mr. Sutheiland's part are stated in his published address to his constituents, and they arc candid enough to satisfy even the curious. He has not taken much part in. debate during late years, and at no time has he been a violent partisan. Few men in the House have made fewer enemies, and it is quite safe to say that he was more respected than feared. His vacant seat has to be filled at a critical time, and several candidates are announced as likely to take the field ; among whom I hear the names of Mr. Jennings, Mr. Hezlett, and Mr. Trickett. As in East Sydney, the electit n will turn upon the education question, and the supporters of the Government bill do- not believe that tn opponent has the ghost of a chance in the large and liberal suburbs of Redfern and Paddington. Meanwhile the bill cannot wait for the issue of the struggle, and it was resumed on Thursday at the point arrived at in committee before Christmas. When Mr. Fitzpatrick rose to move that in .-auctiuii in Public schools .'?hould be free, the announcement created a little sensation, and .several leading members could be seen comparing note1-. 35 to how the proposition should be dealt with, borne appeared to be influenced by the timeo Danaos argument, and Sir Henry Parkes at once declined to accept the amendment, although there was some reason to think it was with Ca*sar*s half-reluctant rejection of the proffered crown. The debate occu pied the greatest portion of the evening, and there was great interest manifested in the result. The League men were to the fore, and seemed inclined tt- accept the amendment, though it came from the enemy's camp; but the House negatived it on division 'liy a:« to 23. 