A BITTER GAIN. REMARKABLE affinity existed between the occupants of two t epardte windows in one oi a dingy row o£ brick houses one exception ally hot summer not many years ago; it was the more remarkable that these two people were very unlike each other, being of opposite sexes, the one a grizzled, gruff, grumpy bachelor on the wrong side of fifty, the oiher a round, rosy, rollicking maidea of "sweet and twenty." The man was evidently a foreigner, the woman an unmistakable American, and these two heads, framed by the embrasures of the separate windows, formed a strong con trast. It was about four o'clock in the afternoon, and both of them were looking for the postman-she from her attio win dow, he from his second floor front. They had been looking for the postman every day for a fortnight, and hoped deferred had paled ti^e cheek and subdued the merriment of the maiden, while it deepened the already rubicund colour and sharpened the already testy temperament of the man. Presently appeared in sight the brisk, dapper little postman in the grey uniform, with his bag | strapped over his shoulder, stepping along from bouse to house, dealing joy and sorrow, surprise, fear, ecstasy, all the emotions incident to poor hapless humanity, as he went.' But he dealt nothing to the two atixiouB watchers in the dingy brick row. Their heads simultaneously turned to watch him as he disappeared around a neighbour ing corner. The man giunted out a bitter ejaculation, and slammed down the window; the giil sighed, and with difficulty repressed a sob a3 she closed the blind. Ttie next day at four o clock the same pantomime was enacted. The same anxieiy, hope, fear, disappointment, were painted on the two faces. The girl brushed the tears from her eyes, and put wearily back her hair. A.a the man, with his usual expletive of disgust and diaap. pointment, tugged at the blind, a puff of wind blew the light ribbon from the hair of the girl straight down into his eyes, and tiom thence to the floor of his room. He saw it at once. It lay upon the faded carpet almost under his feet. His first impulse was to tramp upon it as he marched to and fro, growling at the hard luck that shut him up in this hot hole during the dog-days. His next impulse was to kick the bauble aside; but it was not of a kick able nature, and clung close to his feet. He stooped at last and took it from the floor, and found it suspiciously damp. "Shea been sniffling again," he said. " As usual, she gets no letter, and cries ; I get no letter, and I swear. I wonder which is the most consoling. And why in thunder don't Ehe get her letter? She can't have any rascally lawyers to deal with, that lie and cajole, and cheat and steal. She can't be waiting for a witness .to come from the other side of the world to testify in a case that ought to have been settled before he went to sea. I believe it was a conspiracy on the part of these infernal lawyers to dawdle along with the case, and not discover the exist ence of this Martin Malloy till he had shipped again, and was well out of their oalt. And now it appears that the fate of the suit depends upon the testimony of this fellow before the mast. At least five thousand pounds of my money at this present moment is at stake in the life of a miserable Eaiior far out at sea." Here his soliloquy was interrupted by a light tap at the door. "Come," he growled, without turning his head. He thought it vas his landlady, Mrs. Matson, fox whom ho had no particular affection, or her rough-featured domestic, that he felt certain' was shortening his life by her miserable cookery. But a gentle voice said, " Did you wwt anything, sir?" And, turning, he beheld his landlady's daughter. And how in the world she could bear that relation to the fat, swarthy, coarse, and commercial female who kept the house, this lodger could not imagine.: Her eyes were so soft and brown, so plead ing and innocent, frank and confiding as a little child's, whereas her mother's were narrow and sharp, distrustful and cunning. The young girl flushed under this scrutinising gaze, and said, a?ain, "You didn't want anything, then, Mr. M'Graw; Mother said you pounded on the floor." ^"Pounded!" said Mr. M'Graw; "of course I pounded. If I don't get a letter soon, I'll make smithereens of Bome of this horse-hair furniture about me. If your mother has any regard for her squint-eyed ancestor over there, she'd better take him down and out of the way. He's been following me about with that damaged leer of his for the last fortnight. It's a mercy I haven't stabbed him through the canvas. And, say," he added, for the girl was fast vanishing out of his Bight, and she was a wondrous pleasant article to look upon in this gloomy old barrack "Bay," said Mr. M'Graw. He was still twirling the bit of blue ribbon in bin' fingers, and now held it out to the young girl. " It fell in the window to-day as we were both looking for that confounded postman. I hope we'll have better luck tomorrow, Maggie." . * "I thought sure we would to-day, sir," said Maggie, blushing and sighing. "I had a good sign this morning." x "What was that, Maggie?" said Mr. M'Graw, still holding his end of the blue ribbon. "Why, see, sir," she said, and pointed to the skirt of her dress. "I put it on wrong side out this morning, and never changed it, for Martin used to say it was a sure sign of gooi luck.*" " And who is Martin ?" said Mr. M'Graw. "It so happens that I am interested in that name." .' The one I'm looking for a letter from, sir. The vessel was due a month ago and here her voice broke, and the brown eyes filled with tears. . " A sai'or with the name of Martin ?" said Mr. M'Graw, with increased interest. " What's his last name, Maggie ?", " Malloy, sir-Martin Malloy." " God bless my soul!" said Mi. M'Graw; " this is a remarkable coincidence! Why, Maggie, this is the very man I'm waiting to hear from. A heavy sum of my money depends upon this friend of yours. I sup pose he is more than a friend, Maggie?" " We're promised to be married, sir, after this voyage. He had a chance of rising to second mate; and oh, I'm so sorry we .waited!" "So am I," said Mr. M'Graw. "IE he'd Stopped long enough to be married, we might have got hold of him for a witness, and that would have been the making of many a thousand pounds for | me; but never mind, Maggie; let's depend [ upon the augury of the petticoat. Ton Bee our fates are linked together, and as only one of us wears a petticoat, the one garment must serve for us both; and I'll tell you what, Maggie "-for she was fast vanishing again, and he hated to see her go-"I'll tell you what; when Martin comes back, and wins for me this money, a good round sum of it shall go for a wedding outfit for you." " If he only comes back!" said Maggie, and went out the door, leaving the ribbon still in the hand of Mr. M'Graw-a meditative, softened, altogether changed expression upon his fa ? M " A moat remarkable coincidence!" he repeated to himself. " This accounts for the interest I've taken in that girl from the start. A queer freak of destiny- has thrown us together, and here we are both hanging npon the fate of this sailor. I don't suppose he's worthy of her. No doubt he's a rough, common, abusive brute; but he's young"-here Mr. M'Graw gave vent to a grunt tbat was meant for a sigh-"and, I suppose, after hia low fashion, good-looking." Here Mr. M'Graw kicked over the ottoman that obstructed his way, put the blue ribbon in his vest pocket, drew a chair to the window, filled bis pipe, and looking out upon a triangu lar bit of the western sky, fell into a pro found reverie, The next morning Maggie was at her old po3tat the attic window. Mr. M'Graw was also rattling at hia blinds; but he looked fully as often up at Maggie as he ?did down the street for the pobtman, and was quite jocular and smiling for'a man of his nervous temperament. " Any more Bigns, Maggie ?" he said, almost dislocating his neck to get a good look at her pretty face. Maggie shook her head, and smiled mournfully. " I dreamed of white horses, sir, and mother says it s a bad sign." " Tour mother is always a f-" Here the postman stopped at the door, and nobody will ever know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call his landlady la fine woman or a fool, ior all further conver sation was stopped by the coming of the long looked-for letters. There was one for Maggie, and one for Mr. M'Graw. Maggie had run down to the door, takers both letters, and fled upstairs again. Her hand was trembling and cold as she put the letter m Mr. M'Graw's hand. "Im afraid to open mine," she said; "it's in a strange handwriting." Mr. M'Graw watched her disappear, tben tore open hiB own envelope without a tremour. I At the first sentence, however, Mr. M'G/aw started, and put his spectacles firmer upon his nose, and by the time he had read the missive half tlirough, his face bad become the index of many conflicting emotions. All at once there was a heavy thump upon the floor of the room above. "My God!' said Mr. M'Graw, "she's got the news already." And, rushing out of the room and up the stairs as fast as MB rather gouty legs could carry him, he saw the poor girl stretched lifeless upon' the floor, the fatal letter crumpled in her hand. Then he pounded in right good earnest, and, being a man of action, had proper restoratives used, a doctor brought, and, after a time, poor Maggie wearily opened her eyes. The moment she saw Mr. M'Graw she screamed and fainted again. " I'm a bitter reminder of her loss," said Mr. M'Graw. The doctor and Maggie's mother looked at him inquir ingiy, wondering how Mr. M'Graw could remind Maggie of the drowning of her lover. But Mr. M'Graw did not explain s he merely stepped aside when Maggie opened her eyes again. After her first long, sobbing breath, her first words were for Mr. M'Graw. "Where is he?" she said. "Let him come to me. He has lost hiB money, and I have lost-" Here the words froze on. her lips, and she held out her hands to Mr. M'Graw, who had reached the couch upon which they had lifted her. She put her arms about his neck, and sobbed there like a little child. Mr. M'Graw had lived a lonely bachelor's life; his kith and kin were faraway. This was a new experience for him-new and strangely sweet. For years and years the fragrant breath of a woman had not touched his lips. His.eye3 were wet and blurred; a que?r choking sensation arose in his throat; his voice was husky as he blurted out some consoling words. " He can never come back to speak for you," said poor Maggie. " You have lost all your money. I'm very eorry for you, Mr. M'Graw." She meant she was sorry for herself, but the poor child craved companionship in her grief. Heaven knows she got ib from Mr. M'Graw. From this time out he became devoted to "the duty of assuaging the grief of the bereaved girl. He filled his pockets with bonbons, and ribbons, and the Various gewgaws he thought would soften the affliction of a girl of twenty, and fail ing with thoae, sought to distract her by junketings to parks and pxomenades and ehows, and finding these were cistasteful to her, at last yiildad to her desire to go down to the wharves where the big ihips lay. Hera they Bpent hour after hour, Mr. M'Graw content to hold one o! her hands in his while the other lay idly in her lap, and her eyes went wistfully wandering out over the water, till the shadows grew longer and longer, and the day was done. Then her would say, gently, " Come, Maggie," and she would obey in a sweet, dutiful fashion, lifting her faoe to bis, full of some Bort of affection -he didn't etop to oonsider what it was; but Maggie knew that she owed this luxury of melancholy entirely to Mr. M'Graw. He had coaxed her mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other hands, BO that she could have the comfort of nurs ing her grief under the auspiceB of Mr. M'Graw. His landlady had, indeed, needed very little persuasion, and met hie entreaties half way. Mr. M'Graw found nothing distasteful in this maternal Eolioitnde having for years parried the thrusts and oateriogs of anxioas mothers in behalf of their portionless daughters, the more so as it farthered his own happiness, and rendered bim more and more comfortable as time went by. Now that the hot summer was gone, and the stormy winds of winter began to blow, the old brick lodgings were not so gloomy. The obliquely visioned ancestor had been taken from the wall; the horsehair furni ture covered with a gay chintz ; the rusty grate was rubbed into a rubicund bright ness, and therein the coals blazed gener ously- There was no stint in the maternal blessings showered upon this lodger, and Mr. M'Graw, for the first time, appreciated his dealings with a commercial woman, ?who was willing to spend money when there was considerable to be made by it. This excellent woman even endeavoured to put an air of smartness into Maggie's ward robe, and garnished her cloak with a crimson trimming. Maggie wore the cloak, but her face was sadly out of keeping with the brave garment. She had grown so much more subdued, and so much older in her manner and appearance, that Mr. M'Graw felt more and more at ease in her society, and of the two he I began to appear the brightest, and wore an air of briskness and vigour that went far to make up for his mature years. His lawyers declared that never, in the whole course of their experience, had they seen a man possessed with such admirable philosophy. " At least five thousand pounds swept away with thb unlucky sailor, and M'Graw never murmurs about it," said one of the legal gentlemen. "Adveraity seems to soften him," replied the other. " He hasn't cursed anybody or anything for six months." " Still he don't seem crashed or oldened by the blow." "On the contrary,he gets younger every day/' . Which really was a fact. Happiness was an extraordinary renovator to Mr. M'Graw, and the neighbours deolared kindly that he and Maggie looked very well together. " Oh, a man is always young if he's 8ot means," they added. ' As the months went by, it began to be generally conceded by all concerned- that Mr. M'Graw was "paying attention to Maggie, and she was treated with that rare consideration that her good luck demanded. The only oieatme that seemed utterly ignorant ol the situation was poor Maggit herself, who had never for a moment lor ro'.ten her dead sailor, or ceased reviving his memory to Mr. M'Graw, who seemed lha only one that conid fully sympathise with her and console her. Prodded on by the encouraging bints and allusions of thb girl's mother, Mr. M'Graw had endeavoured io infuse into his manner, something of th* beatiog of a lover, but Maggie invariably received these advances with the gentle gratitude that had become a part of her natore, and Mr. M'Graw instinotivelyBhraLk from anything that might Bhook lie'r deiioacy, or enstrange her from him. He resolved to bide his time, winning gradually allot her heart that was left from the posseaaiou of the dead sailor, acouBtomicg her to the practice of associating their lives together, teaching her to lean upon him, and seek Irom him what happiness she could call her own. Then when some happy moment arrived in which he could win her to share her life with him, be would trust to his own exertionB to win her love. Life was a wear} burden in the old boarding-house, compared to tno luxury he could ofier her. Tflen he could see that he was making himself neces sary to her. One morning, as they Btood upon the long pier and looked out to sea, he .said to the girl dinging to his arm, " Shall you bo sorry, my dear, to see me one of theBe dajB sailing away Jrom you in a ship like that one over yonder, never perhapB to look upon your sweet face again She said no word, but cluug closer to his arm, and two big tears rolled out of her eyes. He took courage then to put; hiu arm about her-not bio that it hud oft^n been there before, but that was in a fatherly Bort of way.. .' Would you be afraid, Maggie, to cross the sea with me?" he said. " AfraidP" she replied; "Icould never be afraid of the sea." There waB an unpleasant inflection in these words that was closely connected with the dead sailor, and Mr. M'Graw essayed still another inquiry. " Don't you love me a little, Maggie ?" he Baid. " I love,you better than anybody now," He longed to ask her if her love was anything of the nature of the ardent passion she had once held for the sailor Malloy, but of course he refained, aud indeed was well content with hiB present happiness. Mr. M'Graw felt certain of the future. This seemed no obstacle to his happiness, and that very day he resolved to get his affairs in Bhape so that he could leave the country at u moment's notice. He stooped and kissed Maggie good-bye, and started off blithely to see his lawyers. " Don't be long," she called from the window. " I shall wait here till you come back." "God bless the child!" said poor Mr. McGraw. " There certainly now is nothing to hinder our happiness." The lawyers were out, and the office was in care of the boy. On a low chaiij by the door a man sat, with hia.head resting upon bis hands, and his hands resting upon his knees. His whole, appearance wasjthat of slipshod nature that it seemed a* if ho might fall to pieces at any moment. ' His frame, of Herculean diuientions, was the more pitiable that the flesh had bljnunkeu from his bone3, ai.d t'u« feature? of his face wtre havBh and foibidding in th^ir prominence. His oiothesi were iaaed and patched, his hat was pul ed over his eyes, and altogether ho was a most forlorn und pitiable object in this offije of a prosperous solicitor. In the heyday of happiness, how could Mr. MGraw pass this wretched fellow creature by without a word ? " Good morning, my t poor fellow," he said. " You seem to be in a sorry plight. Can I do anything for yoa ?" " You can teil me," said the man, in a hoarse and hollow voice, "if it's true that these people here will be glad to see me. I'm told there's a reward offered for any news of m«, and I'd like a little money to prink up before I go to see my sweetheart. She'll be thinking it's my ghost if I go to her like this." .' Some wretched criminal," thought Mr. M'Graw, "who has risked everything to see the woman he loves. See here, my good fellow," he said, lowering his voice, " if this money will be of any use to you, take it, and go ; but I'd keep clear of the law if I were you." "Why, thank you, sir," said the man, putting back the bills, " but I'm no beggar. I'll wait and hear what theso »hatka have to E&y.;" At that moment the senior lawyer entered, and turned upon the fellow a distrustful glance. "What do you want hers?" he nald, sharply. " I wane the money that wa» offered for news of a shipwrecked tailor called Martin Malloy." " I offered ten pounds," said the lawyer, turning to Mr. M'Gr&w.; .'The devil you did!" said Mr.M'Graw, who had fallen into a chair, and was gazing at the man with strained ey«*. "This Malloy ib dead;" he added, Btill keeping his eyes upon the man. " He ain't quite dead," said the man, "but aa near it as he likes to be." Then he went on to tell the story of the wreck, the exposure in the open boat, the agony aud starvation, the death and Insanity of moat of the crew. It was an old story, repeated v«y often, but the lawyer and Mr. M'Graw eeemei to hang upon eveiy word that fell from the lips of the miserable mariner. Mr. M'Graw's face grew old and wrinkled aa he listened. The lawyer at length uttered an ejaculation of joy. " I congratulate you, Mr. M'Qfaw," he said, turning to his client; "your money is as cafe t>i if you held it in your hands." But Mr. M'Graw had fallen back'against the wall. They loosened his neok-tie, and threw water in his face. « By Jove 1" said the lawyer, " your joyful news has been too much for him. A big part of his money was at stake, you see, and he's hidden his feelings so long under a maBk of resignation that now he is overocme. Get a cab at once," he added, to the boy. But Mr. McGraw revived, and by the time the cab reached the office, he was able to go borne alone. He, however, asked Martin to go with him; and as the eab rolled along, his eyes were Btill fixed upon his dilapidated companion. " Nobody would know you, I suppose ?" he ; said to the sailor. I " Not a soul, sir," said Martin. I .. Not even the-a-the person you!spoke of as yonr sweetheart ?" "She least of any," said Martin. "I think she'd run away from me on sight." " Yoa think bo ?" " I'm Bute of it. I bet yoa a dollar she trould." IM- - '? il. il'F.W ""let it wouldn't pain you ?" " Why no-why uhould it ? Women-folks are mode that way. Dut I'll Boon prink up if I get a chance." He begun to prick up already, pat his hat back, and blushed his rumpled hair notn his toiehead, looked from the window or the cab with the air ot a man to whom lite was unspeakably rare and sweet. He was emaciated, shrunken, sallow, fierce eyed, and forlorn; he was poor and patched; but Mr. M'Graw would willingly cave taken his place in the races ftr happinesB; he knew that all waa lost. Here was Martin Malloy, that waa the end of everything. The thought came a little too late that seeing her long-lost lover might kill the girl or drive her mad. He began to explain to Martin, as gradually as he could, that the houstf to which they were journejing was the one that contained hie sweet-heart. Mr. M'Graw chose the most careful phraseology ho could muster, but the tailor seemed all at once to get on fire. He flung his hat upon the teat beside Dim; he stretched from the window his long, shrunken neck. '. You'd betier get out. and come in after I've broken it to her. It may Sill her; it in ay diive her mud. The shook waa a teniole one to me," said Mr. M Graw. "That be hanged!" 6aid Martin. "You're an old man, you know, and thought of your money-but my Maggie 1" ucre b« stopped, aud the flame ot atlighfc nud dssiro burned in his checks and eyes. He grow suddenly young and strong under tue gaze of poor Mr. M'Graw. ilaggie sat there by too window, as Eho had piouTised. Ob, the bitterness ot that moment to one, tue happiness to the other! One moment Mr. M'Giaw saw htr as he had k-fc, hei-pale, calm, subdued, patient; (lie next, a crimson glow bad ltapea 10 ber j race, then left it paler than before . auduenly it dioupp.ared, aud ilr. MuGraw tuuugui it baa fallen uwu.y tomewhero m a fdint; but presently it »honu ou ihe breast of the bailor, BO tadmnt aiid beautiful Cuat it dazzled p^or Mr. M'Giaw. "Why, you did k^ow mo," said Martin, teiirs burauug out of bis burning eyes. ''By tiiimder, i^ npite i>f everything, she did know ' me 1 1 owe you a dollar, Mr. M'Graw !" "And, 'Muster Shallow, 1 owe you a, thousandpound,'" quoted Mr. M'Graw, with a bitter grin. What more can bo eaid? Tho wedding took place a little later on, after tho lnwauic had been decided in favour of Mr. M'Graw. Maggie'B wedding trip was across the sea, but not in a steamer. It waa in a trig little vessel, which Mr. M'Graw gave as a wedding present; at tho exprecs request of the bride. " Martin wouldn't give up the sea," she said. "And you wouldn't give up MartinPV said il-. M'Graw. , ' > '' Why, no, bir; not for the world," Said the foolish girl. \v - So poor Mr. M'Graw took passage alone. : 