Intercolonial. Telephonic communication with the Metro politan Fire Brigade, Melbourne, and the Exhi bition has been established. The Church of England Messenger gives its ■support to the Catholic movement in Victoria for payment by results. William Mason has been sentenced to two years and a half imprisonment at Armidale for ■stealing sheep from Dangar Brothers of Gost vyok. Father Hennebery made 227 converts to the temperance cause at Gulgong. The Rev. Father Kranewitter, one of the earliest Catholic missionaries to Victoria and South Australia, died on Thursday. The sad duty devolves on us (says the W. A. 'Catholic Record) of having to record the death -of the Very Rev. Father Martelli, who calmly departed this life on Tuesday, the 3rd August, at •the Benedictine Mission, New Norcia. He laboured in Western Australia for twenty-seven years, during all which time he discharged every duty of a holy and edifying missionary priest. Hyman Cross, late defaulting secretary to the Melbourne Hebrew Congregation has beeen •arrested at Geelong. There is every reason to believe that the new Convent school at Paramatta, which will cost about £800, will be erected without any debt being incurred, It will seat over four hundred children, and it is expected to be completed in abont six months, Thq.'annual excursion to Clontarf in aid of the Cathedral Building Fund will take place under the auspices of Sydney and suburban C.D. Con fraternities on Monday, September 27. It is reported that a nugget weighing 140oz. has been found at Temora. Part of the body of a man, in a deadfully mutilated state, has been found on the rocks between Cape Otway and Apollo Bay. A packet of papers has also been found, apparently be longing to the steward of the ship Eric the Red. The steamer Rangatira has been totally wrecked near Taranaki, by running on to a reef. The weather was clear and calm at the time, but it is stated that no look-out was kept. All hands were saved. Mr. T. Higinbotham, Engineer-in-Chief of the Victorian Railway Department, was found dead in his bed at Brighton on Monday. It is sup posed that his death was caused by an apoplectic fit. The deceased gentleman was 60 years of age. Tasmania is now exporting trout—23,000 were lately sent to New Zealand, Adelaide, and Melbourne. New South Wales exported last year £.10,381,805 of her produce, Victoria only £8,069,000. The wild man of the Tullarook Caves, who was proved to be a thief of the fowl and clothes line genus, has got six months in another cave— the gaol! Mr. Lansell, the rich reefer at Sandhurst, has given £1000 to the Bendigo Hospital, and £1000 to the Hospital for Incurables. The Civil Service reductions in Victoria begin with 20 per cent off all salaries of £1000 and upwards, and goes in a descending ratio till £200 per annum is reached. The Rev. John Back, of Adelaide, committed suicide by taking prussic acid. The master of the barque Trochrague ran down near Java a catamaran upon which were five Malays, and did not stop to pick them up. The crew have just given evidence against him, a.nd he gets three months in Melbourne Goal. Mrs. Greer, on being discharged from the hospital, was taken on board the steamer Chimborazo, which sailed for London on Tues day, but the officers refused to allow her to remain on board, and she was brought ashore again. Submarine telephonic communication is carried on effectually across Sydney harbor. It is the intention of the Victorian Govern ment to float, the £2,000,000 balance of the loan this year. Five hundred appeals were made against the Sydney Exhibition awards, and actually 300 awards reversed. This has caused a bad impres sion in England. On the Kilmorc railway platform a ghost has taken to promenade at night. It. is rather a dangerous joke to play, for the stationmastcr has tired at it several times. The Australian Frozen Meat Company has chartered the ITotos, which is being fitted up with refrigerating machinery, and will sail for London about the end of October with the first shipment of frozen meat. The wreck of the ship Eric the Red has been ■soldfor £110. The cargo was valued at £40,000, and about £2000 worth has been recovered. 