ffiljje Series* teii BY A XADY CONTBIBUTOB,. The exhibits in the Ladies' Court are arranged -with much taste, and many stands of brilliant-hued flowers are displayed. A large patchwork quilt hangs on the wall at the first landing; in the centre of it are worked the flags of every nation, and the colours are so well chosen and contrasted that it makes a most effective appearance. Facing the staircase is a very large stand, filled with numerous exhibits, all made of the pith of rushes, of the kind that grow around Mordi nllnn. and Cheltenham: the baskets, flowers. wreaths, etc., look just as if formed from mac caroni, and are as light as feathers. The lady who designed them told me that the idea of so using the pith is entirely her own, and that a great number of these exhibits have been done some nine years. They have, however, kept their creamy, white tint very well, and look perfectly fresh. I think the clever inventor will be almost certain to receive many orders for fancy baskets and other trifles of that nature as soon as her case receives the atten tion it so well deserves. As I looked at it, I could not help picturing some of the former filled with bright-hued, fragrant blossoms, and thinking how pretty they would be. On either side of this stand are several other smaller ones, containing respectively sea-weeds and shells, worsted-work, point-lace, and satins embroidered in floss silks. On entering the court, my attention was at once drawn to a very beautiful group of white and niirnle rhododendrons sainted on white velvet ; the flowers look so natural that it is difficult not to believe that they are real. Mrs. R. Shann, the lady who has executed them, mentions, in a notice placed beneath the work, that they are done by some process peculiarly her own, but that she will gladly inform anyone who is desirous of knowing more on the subject. The kind offer will, I doubt not, meet with many a response, for it is an exhibit that is sure to meet with much admira tion. Opposite to the rhododendrons are two cases, one containing a variety of richly plumaged birds, and the other a bouquet and a cross. The latter has the word ' Veneror' engraven at the foot of it, and is entwined with ivy-leaves and passion-flowers, made of was and floss-silk. Miss A. Barker is the owner of this stand. Beside it stands one I admire greatly, though its contents are very fragile, being formed of eggshells — those of geese, I tViinirj from -their size and colour. They are all painted with different designs, mostly of a quaint Japanese style, and fashioned into egg-cups, small cream-jags and teapots, the two latter having handles and lips made of Boms gilded composi tion. A great deal of care and patience must have been expended on them, and the result must be most satisfactory to the lady whose talents have produced so very charming and uncommon an exhibit. The name of Mrs. Seekamp is, I think, on the label attached to it. Several of the stands have been already on view at the Juvenile Exhibition, and have the gold and silver medals gained at it placed in prominent positions. Amongst them*is a very handsome crimson satin cushion, with gold coloured cord and tassels, the satin being covered with fine point-lace, which is admirably set-off by the vivid hue .beneath it. The work is done by Miss Finlay. Almost at the entrance of ,the court, stands a very large case ; in it . are placed some of the most exquisitely-made flowers I have ever seen. At two of the corners are fuchsias in pots— one a deep crimson with purple centre, the other a double white and pink. One remarkable feature in these artificial plants is that the green leaves, instead of being, as is so generally done, simply bought and mounted, are all made by Miss Doherty in wax. The effect is most natural and life-like; indeed, I think, if they could be seen anywhere else, most observers would. believe them to be real flowers. The same remark can be made of the sprays of mignonette that stand beside them. There is also a lovely bridal bouquet made by the same lady, the English snowdrops and white heath contained in it being especially true to nature. ' A curious exhibit is placed near this case, oh the left side of the court; it consists of cross, bracelets, ear-rings, and smoking-cap made of melon-seeds, interspersed with steel beads; they look exceedingly well, and, but for the notice that they are composed of ' the ceeds of the rock-melon,' the general impression, I think, is rather that the various articles are of some Indian or Chinese manufacture. ' ' On the -walls are' hung a variety of exhibits, including leather- work, seaweed and shells,' feather flowers and patchwork quilts ; there are three of the latter, but only one that I admire. It is placed in the centre, and its bright, well-contrasted shades make a pretty feature as visitors pass up the left side. The one arranged on the right of the quilt just mentioned, has a curious history attaching to it, and' though pot very pretty, is evidently greatly Valued by its owner,-whose name I: did not learn, £40 being the amount asked for it. Some of the patchwork has an extremely faded ? look, whichj however, is only to be expected, as - the different squares composing it have all for merly belonged to dressesirornby thelate Queen Adelaide, the Duchess of Kent, and our own. dearlyj-loved , Sovereign, respectively. : I . was told that the lady, who exhibited it had been at' one fime maid-of -honour to her Majesty,, and, during thatjperiod, obtained the various talks, satins, and 'velvets of '-wbicn itris^ebm jfeBet -from «ttb r-W Vftite'-&JttrF; «rtft&afitalrs.; Nearly in front of it Is placed a very lovely cross, made of alum, and wreathed with scarl ^ and white passion - flowers. The sacredness that belongs to ' the emblem of our salvation seems to Tender perfect simplicity au actual necessity, and the cross to which I am alluding possesses it in a high degree. It is very large, and of a much. greater width than is usually .seen, thereby showing admirably the pure white, glistening material of which it is composed. The con trast between the massive, rock-like, snowy cross and the delicate, Vivid-hued flowers rest ing so gracefully upon it is beautiful, and cannot fail, I think, to gain Mrs. Lalng, who ex hibits it, much praise. A triumph of art is seen inawreathof flowers made of human hair. The shading of the .various brown and golden tints is most artistic,, but I do not think it is a pleasing exhibit — it reminds me so much of a muff composed of the same materials which I saw some years ago in the Kensington Loan Gallery in London, and which is indelibly fixed in my memory by reason of a -quaint remark concerning it made byithe late Charles Dickens, whowas standing beside me at the-time. The wreath is made by Mrs. De Grandi. Almost the prettiest article in the court is, I think, a table of oblong form, -with an extremely pretty pattern of fern fronds worked 'upon it. The tints are all those seen, in the autumnal season, and a peculiarly soft, golden hue is thrown over them, giving the effect of sunlight resting there. The work has evidently been a ' labour of love,' giving the feeling that, whoever has UU11C XL, 1CCH1J C11(UJCU. U1C jJlccliOUilAti wwn. wi reproducing, in such lovely forms, some of the fairest, though most fragile, of nature's floral treasures. I could not learn the name of the lady who has sent it. One small exhibit, will hangs on the right side of the court, that doubtless, excite, much interest iu the visitors attending this our great 'World's Show,' especially to those who claim La belle France as their home. It appeared to me strangely out of place until I learnt its pathetic history. Surrounded on all sides by bright-hued flowers, gaily-tinted shells and sea- weeds, the thin, faded piece of red aud white calico has an almost ludicrous aspect, but the smile excited by it fades away as the vision of a far off, lonely death-bed rises up, aud the gazer realises that that poor, frail fabric has once formed a part of what rested on Napoleon Bonaparte in his last moments. How elo quently it seems to speak of the changing vicissitudes of life, telling, as it does, by its own mute testimony, that he, whose very name had once had power to make mighty nations tremble, should at last have died, so bereft of all earthly grandeur and pomp, as to have laid beneath a material so poor and. common that scarcely one of those soldiers who so loved Le petit Corporal would have cared to use it. Little as I had ever admired or liked the character of the first Napoleon, I could not but pity him as I looked on that memento of the sad ending of his comparatively short though ambitious life. It was brought from St. Helena by Miss Beale, who is also said to have been fortunate enough to rear one of the numerous slips she cut from the willows growing around the exile's grave. Close by this exhibit are four others sent by Mrs. Henry, the wife of one of the warders belonging to the Melbourne Gaol ; they consist of flowers cut from coloured paper, some of them being- so excessive! y &mall; as to resemble minute specimens of mosiac ?work. The likeness, however, to each natural blossom is wonderfully distinct. It seems almost incredible that human fingers can have bo arranged tiny pieces of paper so as to form. so successful a whole. If patience and skill avail in winning a prize, Mrs. Henry ought certainly to gain one. There are two stands of skeleton-leaves; one contains a bouquet of pure white, which is very lovely, and arranged with great taste. I do not know the name of the sender, but I feel sure it is a case that will be much admired by the numerous visitors to the court ; it looks so pure and simple in its fragile loveliness. Speaking for myself, I know that my gaze, somewhat weary from examining the bright-hued objects around, returned again and again to rest on the delicate, transparent leaves and sprays. .The other belongs to Mrs. Llewellyn, and is called ' a phantom bouquet.' It is tinted with a tinge of the very palest blue, and scattered here and there are a few 'holly-berries, glitter ing ' amongst the transparent leaves, and ' heightening the effect by their ; own vivid colouring. I did not, at first, admire it very much, but gradually the meaning of the words 'a phantom bouquet' became clear to me. As I looked at it, Jhe blue tinge seemed to resemble the light mist that is so often seen in England just as the sun is beginning to sink oh an autumn afternoon; and .memory brought before me many a fair home-scene, where the almost leafless hedges — wreathed in pale-blue mist, that would ere many hours had passed, have deepened into a thick, teavy fog, and brightened by the scarlet hips and haws — appeared in very truth like 'phantoms' of their own selves when clad in all the glory of their summer beauty. The loveliness of this bouquet cannot, I think, be fully understood by a casual glance, and will need several visits to be really appreciated. Abetter effect could, in my opinion, be obtained by a white base replacing the blue one which now holds the leaves, but, of course, any alteration is impos sible now the Exhibition' is once opened. A good many specimens of leather-work are on view, the handsomest being a table holding an epergne filled with well-executed wax flowers. On the opposite side of the court is another epergne of an extremely pretty form— small glass baskets of a ; light, ; slender shape hang from the sides, and the whole of it is tastefully arranged with very natural-looking blossoms' made in the same material as those just men tioned. Not far from it- stands a case with a collection of fruit of airlands, that are 'remark- - ably true to nature ; some of the pears seem ; of an unusually large size, .but that is the only ex ception that «an be', taken ? .to this : exhibit. At', the further end of the court hangs an ornament for the mantel-piece, composed -of gilk of the ' favourite shade of .old-gold so much: in. vogue just nojv:_:it: isf adorned with 'paintings of flowers done in .oils. A deeper sfede'of ; silk would; I'tiunlr, show them off to much greater advantage'; ;'-- '?- '?' ???'v. ' ?? '?''??.' ''??-- .' Mrs. Gamone, of Tboiseray, exhibits a stand of flowers; admirably carved from thecutUe-fish; they jbxb ^rery -effective, .and of ' a pure white which enhances their -beauty. A canonslook ing blossom attracts much attention, it is, made in white wool and bears the singular 'n^une of . 'Holy Ghost flower' ; just in front of the vase which' holds ft, is another one containing a' large ^bouquet composed of the same material TtfiQia'smail plant' named 'the moving plant' ittifi^v^at^Ha^^T^iDn-atebunr^f l&ae;: ?I peculiar movement of the . leaves which continue in . agitation day and night. I never saw better wool flowers, aud they nearly all done from memory. A stand sent by Mrs. Hatow — to whom also belong some of the seaweeds and pressed ferns already mentioned — is termed Neptune's Car, and intended to represent two scenes of ocean life ; the upper one showing the sea-king seated on a nautilus shell, drawn by three sea-horses abreast, with branches of white coral surrounding him. The sea is very well imitated ; the lower scene is a coral cave, fringed -with various seaweeds, the flooring composed of sand strewn with different kinds of shells, small pebbles, and sprays of seaweed. In the centre are seated two mer maids, and behind a branch of white coral appears another sea-horse. The idea is an excessively pretty one, and very well carried out with the exception of the three figures, which are too unmistakeably like dolls. Some emu egps, mounted on vases of leather-work iu different stages, natural, varnished and bronzed, are much admired. The eggs are worked with some designs, apparently Chinese, and the vases carved with ferns, kangaroo and emu. The three exhibits will form a charming gift tor any person desirous ot sending one to the old country. A case, which interests me very much, is filled with several of the Austra lian wild- flowers, made in wax, and forwarded by two sisters — Miss Eva and Florence Peebles. Amongst them are two kinds of wattles, so natural in their appearance that it is really difficult to refrain from bending down to inhale the exquisite perfume belonging to the tree: a large spray of the beautiful desert-nea, and a branch of a most gorgeously-hued flower, labelled the 'Tasmanian Waratah,' whose colour is of a deep, brilliant crimson. I regret very much that these young ladies did not send, in some more of their admirable imita tions of our wild blossoms, as many, whose avocations do not allow of any lengthened visit to the country, can have but little idea of the vivid colouring and exquisite beauty with which our Master has in so many places ' clothed the grass of the field.' In the stand I have already described as con taining the exhibits made from the pith of rushes, is a very beautiful text, that will, I trust, preach its own loving, though sileiit sermon to the crowds passing up and down the stair-case facing it : ' Be not weary iu well doing.' E. A. C. ? * ? 