CRUMBS SWEPT UP. \- The Kellys are still bushing it; . Shearing has commenced in the Coonam ble district. A gun club has been formed at Yass, the subscription 21/- , a year. The Campbelltown Herald this week has another ' real' ghost story. An Albury scribe says that Wagga beats all Australia for making cup (cricket) rules; The surveyors arei now . engaged marking /'\n 4* a Tinn. n-P' ?flifi n^rii nnf orl tv\ Trrn tt v/uu uuv uuv \jjm- uuv- v j vvuum vLuimrrcvj uv Murrumburrah and Young.' In the boys cricket match on Saturday last,' young Webb did the hat trick— three wickets with three consecutive balls. The juvenile and some of the adult cricketers of Cootamundra ought to be good players — they practice seven days in the week, in both town and country. ' The winners of cricket trophies in- Coota mundra, since they learned that they are to accept them publicly,, have boon smitten by St. Vitus. . In a Gazette of Tuesday were issued five I pages of forfeited pre-emptiye leases in the 'Albury district for arrears of renti They will be offered again on an early date, unless in the mean' time otherwise disposed of. : The ghost of Byrne, the bushranger, was arrested, at Tumut this week, and after wards discharged. The ghost's name proved ,to be Joseph Tuck, and had a remarkable likeness to the original, who is still in the flesh and out of the hands of tho police. It is not true that Mr. Copeland; M.L.A., intends to stand for tho new Gundagai, electorate. A brother whose residence is at Cootamundra, is likely to be a candidate for Queanboyan. Since Sir Henry Parkes at Blayney de nounced ' nigger entertainments,' they have become quite popular ; and it was at once resolved to get up one in Cootamundra. 'Bones' will be able to make capital out of the Premier's sjjeech, , A:Sydney gentleman familiarly known as Bob Armstrong has actually canvassed the Lachlan 'electorate, and is coming forward at next election, Between Bob andJIenniker -—two 'very popular men— Mr.,-? Watson will' have to look out ! - -V An exchango reports that Mr. Lackoy j fears it will be impossible to get tho sanction : or. Parliament to tho construction of a : certain railway lino during tho preaont j session. Either tho session is to bo un- ; mercifully prolonged;' or the minister has discovered a lightning means of building raikroys. „ M& M'Elhone hnows nothing of Ninian, and desires to know less : and Burgo' s baiting powder enables puddings to be made toithout eggs and less butter. Tho Pacific Weekly — undoubtedly an ably conducted magazine and reviow; — is spoiled by suoh absurdities as the Latin and Saxon' mixtures of ' bi-weekly,' ' tri-weekly ;' and misunderstanding of Lindley Murray's *ulo for the use of the indefinite article !;fian.' ; ; : ' ? : h n : ; i i Mark Twain says Washington couldn't tell a He, but that he can but won't. There's some merit in Mark's Boast, j Mr. Beyers, M.L.A., is a candidate for I the office of Elocution Master under tho new Education Act. Mr. Jacob denies that he offered resistance to the Education Act coming into existence ; and it may be said, by way of reply, we'll back him against the world to deny ! j Judge Meymott may not be as bad as Mr. Dillon has painted him ; but when he says the-||| M. Herald is 'tho leading paper of the-cplony'_he only shows that he is indeed a very bad judge. Mr. M'Elhone thinks there should be no reason for investigating the charges made against Judge Meymott. He can vouch for their absolute truth. That's enough. The judge says he can vouch for their absolute falsehood. We'll soon be able to tell which is the liar. Mr. Greville, for his own sake as well as for tho country's, should not ask the Press to publish his correspondence with Mr. Contractor Kyle. If he de.sires to follow his business as contractors' agent, he should retire from Parliament. He does not appear as a pattern of uprightness. Two larrinkins proceeded to Little Bourke street, Melbourne, on Saturday night last, threatening vengeance upon every poor Chinaman they met. They attacked three inoffensive Mongolians, and stabbed them. One was stabbed, it is supposed fatally, in the neck, and the other two were slightly injured. No clue has been obtained to the offenders, although a description of them was received. The outrage is supposed to havo some connection with the chair making business. The match between Trickett and Hanlan, for the sculling championship of the world, is arranged to take place on the Thames on November 15. An exchange intends to devote a page of its reading matter to the interests of the ladies. A page of births, deaths, and marriages ! how interesting. : The Brundah Mutual Improvement Society have agreed to admit members' wives to their meetings. Nothing about sweethearts. A gentleman in Victoria has successfully written the Lord's Prayer three times on a threepenny piece. Great waste of money. -The Goulburn. Wesleyan Improvement Society are still trying to find 'out if tho chaiacter of Oliver Cromwell is worthy: of admiration. . ? ' ' ....... - { When a man writes from his own mind,'- observes Johnson, 'he writes rapidly,' which, writers will admit, is not gospel: but he is pretty c6rrect when he further says that ' the greatest part of a writer's time is spont in reading, in order to write — that a man will turn oyer half a library to make one book.' . , V . While knowledge is a distinction, those who are 'possessed of it will naturally rise above those who are not. . Merely to read and write was a distinction at first ; but we see, when reading:and writing have become general, the common people keep their stations. And so, were higher attainments to become general, the effect would become the same. The Tumut Time s complains that evidence is improperly given in the courts of Petty Sessions, and thinks there's much room for improvement. This is a just complaint. Too often the evidence given in these courts, and at coroners' inquests, is nothing better than a series of opinions. 'I think this; and I believe that ; it was impossible.' &c.; At Hill End, a twelve ounce nugget has been found about four feet from the surface, and within three feet of the main street. The discovery has caused great excitement, and men are pegging, the surrounding ground. The month's crushing for the Star of Peace from 110 tons yielded 81oz. , At Grafton on Monday, fully five hundred, men were awaiting employment at the Colonial Sugar Company's mill. . The men were to be engaged on Friday. The steamers from Sydney on Monday brought nearly two hundred men. : ? At Bathurst on Monday a serious accident, occurred to Mr. James Butherford, of : Cobb and Co. He was mounting a young horse when the animal bucked and threw him, ' his foot remaining in the stirrup. Mr. Ruther ford was dragged for somo distance and kicked about the stomach and-- ribs and dashed against a post. He had to be con veyed home in a buggy, and was attended by Drs. Spencer and Bond, who found him weak, and suffering severely from, internal injuries. A return just laid before Parliament, on motion of Mr. M'Elhone, shows that the number of acres of land purchased under the second clauso of tho Lands Acts, since January 1, 1872, up to tho 22nd February, ?!878i was 371,713 ; the applications to pur chase under the same clause, and during the , same period,' .were equal: to 1,902,039 acres; exclusive of about 600 acres in which the claimants failed, to state the area applied fori .From the date of the passing, of the Amended Act of. 1848 :.to tho ; ,28th February, i 18,79, there v?ere 9847 acres purchased under tho V 31st clause, out of 342,665 acres applied for. Messrs. Charles and. Gray intond to resign and leavo tho colony. If they- could per- ? suade other mombers to go with thom, it would bo for tho country's good. Sinco Milner Stephen, LL.D., visited Cootamundra there has been communication with the spirits ; and a medium positively assorts that if tho Government are defeated on the Liconsing Bill, wo are to have an entirely now cabinet — Jack, Muckalone, premier statesman ; Dave Big Cannon, colonial spouter ; Hearty Early, minister ? for interior consumption; Hanley, inspector in -chief in Education ; and tho Northumber land Nincompoop, chief director to , the Neoropolis.: ? Railway Notes: — The following rule is always strictly , observed — ' Only those persons intending to proceed, by the train . can be allowed on the platform.' A pas senger may pay for a seat in the sleeping car, but must give it up if wanted for a berth. Smoking is most rigorously confined to ? special carriages ; this is a rule never broken. Gratuities to railway servants strictly prohibited, turkeys positively refused. Children not over three years carried free — may be given in charge of the guard, properly labelled. Passengers are warned against travelling in a higher class of carriage than that for which they take tickets — and vice versa! Passengers are not allowed to break their own necks— the commissioner reserves this right- for himself apd traffic manager. The Treasurer of New Zealand delivered his budget on Tuesday. The deficit on tho 31st March was £990,000. The public debt amounted to £26,214,000, -the annual inter est on which was £1,535,000 ; of the loan only £873,000 was available for new public works. The estimated revenue for- the current year was £3,190,000, excluding the land fund, and the estimated expenditure was £6000 more. He proposed to reduce Ministers salaries 20 per cent., and other salaries 5 per cent. He intended to exempt personal effects froin the property tax, and impose a tax of 6d. per gallon on colonial beer, and the same on imported. He also proposes to increase the stamp duties, ' so as to leave an estimated surplus Of £41,000.' The English Board of Trade returns for the past month show an increase of about £2,750,000 in imports, and £750,000 in ex ports, as compared with the same, period of last year. In the Houso of Commons, Mr. Fawcett, Postmaster-General, said he would bo glad to see tho introduction of a postal-card sys tom between England and Australia, and hoped the latter would join England in order to obtain such a result. Mr. Gladstone, the present Prime Minister of the English Parliament, is 70 years of age, having been born on December 29, 18S0. He entered Parliament in 1832. Mr. Disraeli is four years older than Mr. Glad stone, and obtained his seat in Parliament in 1834. Her Majesty tho Queen is much younger than either of her chief political advisers. She was born in 1819. The Czarina, consort of the Czar of Russia, whose death has just occurred, was the daughter of the late Grand Duke Ludwig II., of Hesse Darmstadt, and was at the time of her death 56 . years of age, having been born in August, 1824. She had six children, tho .Grand Duke Alexander, heir Apparent ; the Grand Duke Vladimir, the Grand Duke Alexis, the Grand Duchess Marie (wife of the Duke of Edinburgh), the Grand Duke Sergius, and the Grand Duke Paul. They were all present at the time of her death. 