POLICE COURT—KAD IN A. I Tuesday, August 17,1880, /Before the Mayor sad Mr. P. W. Garner J.P.) i Rohda Rendell, (commonly known as Rosa), was charged with being drunk in Frances Terrace Kadiua, on the 16th inst. Fined 5s. Daniel O'Sullivan, was charged with disturbing the peace of the Miners Arms Hotel, Kadlna, on the afternoon of tbe_l6tK inst. Prisoner pleaded guilty and was fined 10s and costs 10s in 'all 20s. Mosiah Clark—Was charged by Foot Constable Murray with that he did on the night of the 16th inst. unlawfully use an article of disguise, to frighten women and children and may therefore be deemed an idla and disorderly person. F.C. James Murray,—About a quarter to 10 o'clock last night wa6 called to go to Milne Terrace on reaching there found abont 100 people—men, women, and boys, who told ine there was a ghost running about frightening, and throwing stones at them. From information I received from the crowd believed it to be the prisoner. Took the precaution to call at his house to see whether he was at home in coee of any mistake. T found Mrs Clark and children all in bed prisoner's boots, coat and hat were all at home. Waited about till about quarter to twelve, with a crowd of people, which kept increasing, when the. prisoner came past me with a white sheet on his arm with nothing but his shirt and trousers on. Caught the prisoner but did not succeed in arresting him till he got into his house. The prisoner ha6 been carrying this on for the last month—ever since Mr Ivy died. Was on the public street opposite the Park'-Lands, when I saw him. Richard Smith, laborer—Know the prisoner. Saw him last night- Was coming across the Wandilta Flat, and heard a youngster so ream out, and at that moment saw the prisoner with a sheet in his arm. The prisoner is the man. This was about 9 o'clock. Chased him for a good way, when he turned round and threw stones at me. Did not see him after that, until he was arrested. There was a crowd there. Christopher Whitford—Know the prisoner. Abuut nine o'clock last night, saw him with the sheet over his head after which he took it off and put it across his arm. Was frightened. When he had the shtet over his head he made himself big or little. Live next door to the prisoner. Came with my sister to the Police Station to in* form Mr MurrayBy the prisoner—Was there last night. Sent jour own boy to see if yon were in and at home; j he was told you were not at home, You did tell me that the ghost was trying to frighten me, so that 1 might remain at home. The prisoner stated that about a fortnight or three weeks ago he was annoyed with a lot of boys congregating 'around Sattam's, that is, next door to me. They would herve in stones to the doors and windows. Went out «nd prdered the youngsters away. Then they said that they had seen a ghost. Replied it was nonesnpe, as it \ras the goats, who jump up and down getting on tho roof. Told them to behave or I would go down to Stephens's. They said they were sure they saw a ghost- The boy Whitford is a very bad boy and iB always running about my premises. Hie sister (Miss Whitford) came up to me and cheeked me, and T ordered her away. Said you have been down to Mr Murray's to give me in chaige for going about with a sheet over me. Was never out of my premises at all last night. The Bench expressed regret that the prisoner had placed himself in such a position by acting in such a manner. He might have been annoyed by the boys, but he could have adopted different means of putting a stop to the nuisaaoe, than disguising himself with a sheet* Sentenced to 14 days imprisonment; and eoBts of court, in *11 3.5s, or in default another 7 days imprisonment. 