He Wanted to be an Actor, Detroit Prcn Prcs,1. A citizen, whoso best woiglit novor oxcueds 120 pounds, was tho other day buying a ccuplo of hona of a farmer on lli'o market, and before tho bargain was concluded, tho two became quilo friendly, and tho farmer said ho hnti somothirig on liis mind to communicate, Ono of hie boys had a, passion for theatricals and wan desirous of beooming an actor. Tho idea was bo strong on him that ho had booomo worthless round tho farm, and tliu father was in troublo to know how to turn tho boy's attention from tho footlights to tho ploughhandlo. " 'Spoeo I eend him to you, 'epoao you mako fun and ridiculo him and let him sco how foolish it ioi" suggested tho fiithor, and' the citizen agreed. Aβ ? .ft ronnlt of thoir planning tho hoy walked, into the cilieen'n plaeo of business on Congress-street tho noxt morning. Tho father had onllod him' a boy, but ho wcigliod about ono hundred and sixty pounds, stood nearly six foot liigh, and had a pair of hands as largo as thochromo of tho Yosemilo Valley. Ilis arrival was oxpoctod, and after a fow words about the weather, the citixon qnoried : " So yon tliiuk you would make an actor do you?" "Yoa, I kinder think so," was tho reply. "What lino would you tnko V " Well, 1 kinder like tragody." . "Tragedy I Why,you couldn't encoeod in tragedy ! Look at your hands 1 Look at those foot! Remember your voice. You'd bo hissed off tho stage. Don't never think of tragody." " How would 1 do in a drama ?" aekod tho boy." "Not at all; in tho Brat, place your oars aro too large. Then your heels stick out too far. Thon your hands would hido halE tho other oetorc Don't try tho drama, for you would bo i\ doad failure. , ' " Could I do anything in comedy J" "Not a thing. The eight of yon in' comedy would bo eaino as tho nigh of a hoarso on tho stage All the facial expression you havo is behind tho carh." ?'l'vo thought Bomo of being a nigger miiiHtrul," observed tho boy lifter a long siloncc. " Thai's the worst of all. I toll you, boy, you'd bolter stick to Iho farm. Yon are not cut out. for nu aotor, and you want to drop tho idea," , " Couldn't I net ac iishor 1" " No, sir; you aro too stiff in tho knees." "Couldn't I take tiekolnl" " Never ! Your hands are too big for that work." " Couldn't I shift BconcH?" " No. You are too big and unwieldy." There was a long.and painful siloncc. Then tho boy rono up and enid : " Well, I'm bound to go into thontricnln. If. I can't bo anything else I'll bo tho follor Unit stands (it iho door (o raiso a row, nnd I'll bo<;in on you ! Oomo ovor hoio 1" Ho hauled tho ndviser ovor tho tablo, cl<itcht:d him by tho small of tho back, and spun liim around, ulnmmod him 'against tlic wall ami dnippud him to gut a bettor hold. When tho. cuiHain rose on iho next net thoro wns r striotly private converHMion going on between llamlot and tho Ghout, and tho Gliohl'u coat was rippod up tho'buck and his collar torn open. Then Uninlot suddonly domaudod in a lond voico : . "Caitiff 1 do you doolaro that I cannot act?" Thon tho Ghost dodged around tho table and replied : " No, I don't 1 You wo all right—yon nrp n splendid actor—you can't help but win 1" " And you'll toll mo father bo?" " 1 will—you but I will !" "Ifyou don't ?" Hero liamlot took throo stops forwnrd, two back,' ncrjwloii his fiercest, and the Ohoet jumped bohiud tho slovo . and vowod lio'd oven pny 50 dulH.-for a pri* vnto box on Iho night of tho debut. "Tie well ?" unid llamlot, arid ho wont over on tho market to see if .ho could suit three peek of onion Hots for cash down.— 