/ THE ACADEMY OF MUSIC. An emotional drama, entitled Love's Sacri fice, written by Mrs. W. Lo7ell, was produced last evening at the Academy of Music, tho loading parts being sustained by Mr. William Creswick, Mr. Appleton and Mrs. Lewis. There was a largo attendanco, and tho drama was performed in a very satisfactory manner. The predominant idea of Love's Sacrifice is tlio amazing purity and fidelity of a daughtpr's lovo for her aged father, and the misery which she is prepared to undergo to save him from the punishment of a crime. The first act in troduces to tho audience Matthew Elmore, with his daughter Margaret, living ill comfort and. affluence in Prance. In tlie evening of his days ho finds himself a successful merchant, and his sole anxiety is to settlo his daughter in marriage. ' Sho is betrothed to ono Eugeno do Lormo, a youth- whoso father was somo years previously reported to havo been murdered by a man named He Earre, who had escaped. In tho second act an aged friar appears on tho scene, and reproaches Eugene de Lormo for not having avenged the death of his father;, and the same friar goft to Paul Lafont, a re jected suitor of Margaret's, and engages him in a terrible plot against Matthew Elmore. The friar places Lafont in possession of evidence of the murder, convinc ing him that Elmore was De Lorme's murderer. Lafont goes to Elinore, and, to his horror, raises tho ghost of the past. He cannot deny the charge. The price of Lafont's Silence is tho hand of Margaret, and sho, hav ing learned the story of tho terriblo tragedy and impending fate of her father, consents to marry Lafont, despite her father's protesta tions. At tho last moment, however, Elmore confesses to. tlio murder in the presence of the friar and other witnesses ; and then tho friar makes the startling announcement that he is the missing man supposed to havo been mur dered, but that ho had escaped to a convent. Ho and Elmoro had quarrelled early in life ; and bo had formed the plot against his old rival out of malice and revenge. The piece ends with the conviction of Lafont on a charge of forgery, aud tho marriage of Eugene and Margaret. Mr. Creswick as Matthew Elmore acted with tragic force and earnestness. His description of tho midnight horrors and phantoms which danced in the brain of a murderer was given with great power and energy. As the discovery ol the crime dawned upon him in his iutcrview with Lafont, tlio eager play of expectancy and alarm was scull, swiftly followed liy tho final collapse of hopo and the sense of overwhelm ing despair. Mrs. Lewis made a re-ap pearance — after sevcrali montlis' retire ment from the Melbourne stage — in the character of Margaret Elmore. In such parts as these Mrs. Lewis has always been successful, and last evening tlio pathos, -sympathy and truly womanly feeling nnd spirit which distinguished her acting showed that she had lost none of the dramatic power which previously gained her worthy distinc tion. In Margaret Elmore's interviews with the plotting and insidious Lafont, and in the terrible denunciations and withering scorn which she heaped upon him, Mrs. Lewis was no loos effective than in the emotional passages. Mr. Appleton had to appear as tlie villain Lafont, and succeeded in bringing into relief the odious points of the character. Mr. Ireland appeared as Eugene do Lormc, and gave a smooth and graceful rendering of, the part. The subsidiary characters were well represented by Miss Ada Lester, Mr. Stone- ham, Mr. C.\roy, Mr. Byrne, Mr. Joyce and Air. Dunn. Love's Sacrifice will be performed : again this evening. 