J t E W S a n d NOT ES„ Several eupportere of Mr Servioe bave decided to accord him the same hearty irelocime as on his last visit* and intend going down, the road,to mectan& escort tba- Premier and his party into Haldon. The local auctioneer Mr ]>avison will submit this day. at 11 o'clock, the right to- :cater (not caterer as stupidly printed) at the forthcoming ploughing maich at Baringhup.' About 10 tfclock on Monday morning intense excitement was caused on Maldon by tbe receipt of a telegram, te tbr effect that the notorious bloodthirsty Kelly gang bad at last been.broken up.. Soon after 11, wr received a telegram from qur Melbourne correspondent stating thjt Ned Kelly was ia the bpnds of the police,, and tbe other "three desperados were barricaded in Jones's .Hotel, ete. ..This it:.seems was. tbe only definite information received except the telegram to £he police. Ail. day long all 8orta of. vague, stories were filing round, and. it was not until 9 o'clock at night .that, .more full and: true details, of the con-. Sict-i came to. hand. Three ont of the -four are dead, :and the leader is. wounded, but likely to recQrer to reoeiye h;s just doom. It was well tbe pqlice at Sheritt's but merely acted, on the defensive, forbad they stepped out into. dadu>eas. th(^ would have surely been shot dqyrn, apd then nipsi .probably, the whole place burned to the ground, and no, one-escaped,' to give the ; ; l'b& polipe^ are to be praised for havinjg; at^length etferminated the gang; feit tlie same-tiine iv will be as.wfill^to keep -H.ehurp eye oye&many; of tbeiSympathise^ The usaal monthly.-meeting, of the- Shire Council will be held on Friday nex,t, when it; is to.be hoped town members will go into { ways-'and means to hare 'hf streets, most in u?e p«t ia indecent repair and lighten the 'darliness'of tha$e compelled to be aboqt at. •jght by lighting tlj^ street lamps. It's 'wretched to b^. out after dark, these. dismal nights. The committee of the. Batman memorial fund,are desirous of clasing the subscription list early next month, and all. who wish to assist ths moveoient in tbe erection of a public monument. to, the founder of this promised land, can place their names" on the list at the shire office-- The subscription is unlimited, but the principle of a shilling subscription, will b« practically ad-, hered tc^. The excitemenjt over the. Kelly, gang quite put aside all political topics (he paBt two daya. On Saturday the talk, was decidedly political, and great anxiety was manifested to ascertain, how tbe Ministry would. succeed with Ilia excellency. Early in the afternoon we received a teipgrairi from our correspondent, and at ODCB issued •the follawing slip—r" iteform.—His Excel-. Jency tbe Governor has granted the Hon. J, Service a dissolution, and consequently Parliament stands prorogued for one week." The newB waa.receued with general satisfaction all over the electorate. '1 here has been but little.tall^here ot anyone coming forward to„ oppose Mr Service, and many "have enquired who's who—the local man of the name. of Williams. ? Nov we have several neighbors.of that name, bnt we are inclined.to.think.net-one has any, ambition or aspires to a seat in Parliament. The' " Telegraph" yesterday is more definite, asit-eaye '"-Mr Williams, of the Bail way Carriage VVorks, has. been called upon to, contest the Premier*;) seat at Maldoja, and it is understood that* be will accept the responsibility." This mpet sorely be a former member &c; Maldon, whp was thopghf to have xatired for life, politics b?ing entirely against.his grain, ' There is a general, growl, about: the •roads ia. town riding being in a. wretchfd condition, and. that no steps •we being taken to. pnt them in repair^ but, money, is spent uselessly at the pres-. ent tim? on streets, that have no traffic^ nojfably. the- large amount, spent about Church Hjll, where it was not much .needed. Other, and more necessary, works' are consequently, leg undone... Yesterday several residents: called our attention tQ,. <the dirty-. an4< xplteii. condition of MaiD. street, / which, they, "considered- might. be "made more passable i>j"k lew loads! of met^l. From Parkin's, reef end, Lp&g; Gully, the same complaints is heard. • fomebpdy macle feeebpotersplay, with choice xnutton ai" baringhnp'. f A few days since, Mr, Chiaholm bought lOObsad of &i; wethers of lfr E. jtfaqiw>n,^and.two daja.^ftor on going ibr a 'spfdal fat.%o3y, eome one had, stolen it.. Kebjog in the .dam the akin. vrae hooked out mnch rmutilated. The animal had eridently been kille^ jn tie. paddock^, and carcass " potted.". A suspicion -|s entertained of the .offiauder, add .possible the change may, be sheetedfiom;.. i The sale at Phillips's, Baringhnp, wfll be started at one o'clock sharp, so as to get cleared, before. The electors, of Maldou will be addressed by Mr Service at. the.Hasonic Hall to-morrow(Thursday) evening, when we feel sure ho will be warmly waI- <yimed and' obtain, as usual, a patient and .atten-- trve- hearing. A meeting of Mr Service's supporters will, be held this evening, to. arrange preliminaries for the reception, due ts the Premier of this great colony. A farmer (says tbe " Mail.")1who brought some cattle into tbe last lair being offered 26s a head for them, preferred taking them back to submitting to what he deemed a needless sacrifice. One of" these he slaughtered, sold tbe carcase in portions to neighbors, kept some for the use of. his own. family, and sold the hide for lis 6d. By this plan he realised a good return, Bnd this leads to- the question. -. if a bide brings: lis 6d, what do butchers a brain s^at fqf that they sell at eu round a price ? The genial contributor oi "at the Beehive" in the " Bendigo Independent" writes on Saturday:— I notice that, a nasty feeling of localism, is growing, upr-luckily only in. a few. Jilaoes, 1 refrr. tp tJw- Big Hilt eontaet.. Some men from Maldon are working there, and I have heard a holdout that the Marong Council; should, do sudi a distardly thing as to allow, a.contracior to employ, a few men .from a neighborir.g shire. Have Itaroag rate- } payers ne^er obt ined work, on Maldon shire contracts? Hundreds of them bare; then bow. would, the Marong or Sandhurst laborera like to learn that, in the spirited little ^-Tarcangower Tirnfifi^' correspondenta were yelling out against the.employment ol men fromthe next municipality. To the. eigbt or niue hours per day £ do not refer, for anfs.-tuntteiy work is not so plentiful just now that & maji can effprd to dictate tp-his. " boss™ exfuAfehow much be shall be paid, an 1 exactly how lo g (a& short aa possible) he «hajl. work.. But the cry. out about men being enabled to earn afew.mouthfuls. of bread out of their own dism-t is immoral; it is un-Christian; it is unpatriotic;.it is everythingthat is mean, and selfish,. Wjoe-betide, Austruiah ConCederation, if jealousy and hatred are to be encouraged i - atoqqgKt I^fiidenta of neighboringshires,,in. the same iittle co'ony—email as regards' area. ,'Aa well might those individuals s-\y that' because.I am not a ratepayer ine.ery district where the "independent" circulates,, the editor shauld pass a vote of want of confidence in this 'umbls minis:er to his cplujnns, and ^ay another."-Jlqfqnitp^* 1 who is. Sipw it. was known a band of stout-hearth fellows set a trap to catch the booby ghost in the neighbjrhood of the Maldon Hospital, his ghoBtship has made himself scarce. We notice there is such a billy-hsoly ruffian about the suburbs of Sandhurst, and we wonder if it is die same fellowtbat recently startled people here. The "Advertiser" says.-— About 9 o'clock at night, a respectable ypsng laiy living at E;glehawk was on her way home. Wheu near the comer of Victoria-street she was startled by the sudden apparition of a figure clad all in white, lauwi? likp, she screaused,and ran apaj as. fa^t as she could ; but the figure (whtci proved io be a. man covered with a whife shirt), cnased he? This bo teni^ed her that she fell to the ground from sheer, fright. Her screams attracted the attention of some of the residents, who came Jtp her.-a£sijs>.aiu.'i-. On 4heir approach, the unmanlf ruffian made off. The young lady hasjiot.yet recovered fromthe fright she rec ived.. Such senseless and dastardly conduct as that of wjiich the perpetrator of this outrage was guilty, cannot^ be too severely, jqprobated. Creatures who prowl about at night for the purpose of insulting or terrifying unprotected, females deserve to he flogged. 