NUMBER "47." TH]I WAITER'S STORY. It is mere than twenty years ago since I first went to the Hand and Glove as second waiter, in the summer time, and I have taken the same situation ever since. I am not head waiter there even now, though I shall be master of the place in a few months; so you may conclude (though you was a liberal gent yourself, so far as I remember) I might have waited long enough before I saved the money out of my wages and perquisites. But in the autumn of the year before last a curious thing happened at that hotel. . It was the race week at Brighton, when we are always full, and every room was .engaged; most of them by old customers, but one or two, of course by strangers. One of these last was a Mr John Adamson ; he was a chance comer- that is, he had not written beforehand to secure a room, as is usual at that time, and therefore he got a very bad one. It was No. 47, which in slack seasons was never occupied ; it looked into the little coeurtyard in the middle of the house, and had nothing to recommend it but its great height-it was, in fact, two floors thrown B into one; some nervous persons had a fancy for it, however, because a few steps down the passage was the trap door in the roof under which stood the ladder t that formed the fire-escape; but as a rule, people who were shown to No. 47 objected to it. Mr Adamson, however, made no 6bjections; and indeed, to look at him you would have I said that he had been used to worse rooms. It was not so much his clothes- U though they didn't fit him, and yet looked " as if he was wearing them for the first I time-but a certain hang-dog, cringing way he had with him, which showed he J was a low fellow. 'le was a turflte, of T course-a man who mada his living, or ea tried to make it, by horse racing, and had. come down to fill his pockets at the ex- b pense of other people ; but so far as he b went, so had all our other guests. There e0 was the great Mr Dodds,the bookmaker, sa for instance- only second in the extent w of his operations to the Leviathan him- w self-who travelled with his secretary and C had our first floor front ; there was Cap.- 0 tain Leger, who went halves in winnings w -whatever he did in losings-with the b Marquis of Spavin; and there was Sir a' Toby Grey, who had three horses on the it hill himself, and one of them first favourite for the Cup. But all these men, w for the present at least, were men of sub- tt stane*, and looked like it. You might w have said they were made of money, for w everyone of them had a pocketbook burst. nlug with bank notes, which was certain to di be faller or emptier before the week was out. fr Now. Mr Adamson did not look as PE though he owned a bank note in the t world, and if I had had to name his trade tu I could have done it the first moment I al clapped eyes on him; it was Welsher. at However, it is not the business of a hotel m keeper to turn any man from his door rc who can pay for it; and as for picking w' and stealing our. own plate was all m Britannia metal, while Mr Dodds, and in Captain Leger, and Sir Toby knew very well how to take care of themselves and m their money, having been on the turf for fo the last twenty years, and accustomed to ot all descriptions of villains. As for me, I ca had enough to do at that busy time with- tr out looking after the seedy tenant of No. fir 47, who went up the hill every day to the m course on foot, and took sixpenn'orth of pe whisky with his dinner in the coffee room Ic and nothing after it. Only, of course, it at suspieious, for the Hand and Glove was th not the a hotel meant for the likes of him, fc and he knew it. He was always apologia- vc nlg, as it were, for being there, and w hoping he was not giving trouble when he fr asked for this or that-always something h cheap-at the bar and in the public room. t He also pretended to be ignorant as to who was who, and enquired of me on one di ecoasion whether that was the Mr Dodds hi whom he had just seen come out of No. th 4, whereas, it is my opinion that he knew them all, and who was the princi pal winner after each day's work. g There was a good deal of betting on the al race for the cup that year, in which were tb entered two public favorites, who were tt very heavily backed by the " gentlemen ;" o0 and as a rank outsider won, so also, of course, did the " bookmakers." It was tr rumoured in the coffee room that evening ci that Mr Dodds had cleared £20,000 out of 1 the transaction, and by the way he and his friends and his secretary kept it up tI that night in the first floor front, you would have thought it might have been o £40,000. What I will say for the racing e1 folks, whether gentry or otherwise, is, w that they are free-handed; it is "light P come, light go," with them, I suppose ; a but when fortune sends them a stroke of n uInok, they let other people share it. It n was open house in No. 5 that night (next d to his bed-room, the room was, and then 0 the secretary's, as I well remember)for u all as knew him, and I dare say a good many as didn't know him (more than to E say "Bravo Dodds I" when he was repor- 8 ted to have pulled off a stake) took their 1 glass at his expense. But Dodds had his eyes about him for all that, and his secre tary too, and woe would have been to the I man who tried to take more than what c was offered him-that is, aught beyond food and liquor. They would not have I given him into custody, not they, but they have laws of their own, these gentle men, which they put in force at once against such transgressors. I believe soldiers, when they catch a thief among them, do the like. Well, the evening went off without anything worse than shouting, but in the morning there was a I terrible "to-do." Mr Dodds had been. robbed in the night of all his winnings. In reality these were not quite so great as had been reported, but they amounted to £11,000 in bank notes, and they were lone. i verily believe the man was not so annoyed by the loss of the money as by the fat of his having been robbed-that is, of another man having outwitted him. Me stormed and rred like a mad bull, so that my master hardly dared to listen to what he had to say about the matter though, indeed, it was very little. These notes, which were all for large amounts, were in a pocket-book by themselves, and Iiyin a drawer in his room. He had seen a was right, he thought, before he retired to rest, his door being not only locked, but fastened with a bolt with a spring bellto it. Only there was at that time nothing in the pocket-book but two copies of the "Sporting Times," very neatly folded. The notes must have been taken out before hand-while he was entertaining his friends-and the little substitution eaffected. When my master asked Mr Dodds, " Have you got the numbemrs of the notes 1" he burst into a fury. "Because I have been robbed, sir, do you take me for a born idiot 1 Of course I have." His secretary, indeed, had made a memorandum of them; but unfortu eately, had wrapped it up with the notes themselves, which was very handy and convenient for the thief. Mr Dodds was a stout man, and I thought would have had a fit of apoplexy when he discovered this. I don't remem ber ever hearing so much strong language frea the same month in so short a time. We kept the secretary loeked up in the bar tlllte sterm had blown over a little, and in the meantime we did what we could. As Mr Adamson was the only stranger at the Hand and Glove, suspicion naturally fell upon him-and so did Mr Dodds. In less time than it takes to tell you, the unfortunate man was stripped to the skin, and his room searched with that completeness that not a pin's head could have escaped notice ; but nothing was found; and except that he had gone up with the rest to drink a glass of champagne in the first floor front in honour of Mr Dodds' success, not a tittle of proof existed against him. He had not left the house that day since he had returned from the races, and even now he showed no signs of departure. He said he had been infamously treated, but had too much respect for Me Dodds to take the law of him for the insult that had been inflicted on him. And he stayed for the next day's races, where he told me he had been " welshed" out of fifteen shillings, or he should have been happy to have given me half a crown, 1 though " attendance" was included in our bills. In justice to himself, my i master sent for the police; but of course they were no good, and Mr Dodds had to < give them five pounds, in consideration of I having expressed an opinion, in his usual I terms, upon their incompetency. He offered one thousand pounds reward for t the recovery of the notes, and started off r with the secretary (with his tail between I his legs) for the next race meeting. Some people thought it was the secre- c tary who had done the trick; but Mr e Dodds knew better, and so did I. t I have heard of things being "borne in" upon folks-a first cousin of mine by the t mother's side being a bit of a Calvin-but e never was any man more convinced of what he hadn't seen than I was that Mr j John Adamson had taken that money. k The hold it got on me was surprising, I especially after the thousand pounds re- i ward was offered, which did not make my n brain less busy about the matter, you may t be certain. At first I could talk of nothing c else, so that I got to be quite a laughing n stock with my fellow servants at the inn, a when I grew sulky and dropped it, which a was afterwards lucky for me. They, of course, talked about it too, for a robbery e of that magnitude under one's own roof t was enough to set any tongue wagging; it but after a month or two the thing wore I away from their minds, whereas with me t it was as fresh as ever. Where could he have put that money, t: when we searched him and his room so a thoroughly t and did he get clear away e with it 1 were the two questions that V worried me most. That he stole the notes from MrDodds's w drawer I took for granted. d Perhaps I should not so soon have got n free of my fellow- servants' chaff-es- ti pecially as it began to rile me-if some- . thing else had not presently occurred to h turn their attention from the subject n altogether. This was a murder committed a at Lewes, within a few miles of us. A ti murder is always more exciting than a n robbery, and in this instance the victim a was a Brighton cab driver, known to h many of us, which, of course, made the c incident more attractive. Otherwise it h was a common'case enough ; the man had ti made a few pounds in a Derby lottery,and for those and the watch in his pocket, the c other, who was a bookmaker on the turf w called Kyneton, had murdered him. The r trial had nothing noteworthy in it from ti first to last ; but when the murderer had a met his deserts a certain paragraph ap- b peared in a Lewes paper, which being c copied into other journals attracted much o attention, and set my ears tingling more than anybody's. After the murderer was f, found guilty, it said, he had made a h voluntary statement to one of the prison f warders that it was he who stole the notes c from Mr Dodds at the Hand and Glove h hotel at Brighton during the race week in f the previous autumn. n "Come, Bob," said my master, "that I disposes of your friend Adamson having t had anything to do with it, which you t thought such a ' moral.' " h " Well, sir, I suppose it does," said I. ii " Of course it does; and I am very t glad this has happened, since it removes I1 all suspicion from anyone connected with I the hotel. You don't know anything of n this fellow Kyneton being about the-place t on the Cup day, do you 1" a "No, sir," said I, "but there were a 1; many folks coming and going, and espe- 4 cially, as you remember, to congratulate 3 Mr Dodds on his good fortune." " Just so, and this Kyneton was one of I them, no doubt." But, for my part, 1 still stuck to my 1 own opinion. If Kyneton had stolen eleven thousand pounds in the autumn, what need had he to kill a man for twenty I pounds and a silver watch a few months I afterwards The man was not a gentle- I man, and wrould not have flung so much money away in as many years. And why did he tell a warder about it, instead of .oonfet.sing his crime to the chaplain in the usual way 1 The next Sunday happened to be my Sunday out, and I took advantage of it to go to Lewes. I had an acquaintance there who was a sporting reporter upon the staff 2 of the newspaper in which the paragraph first appeared, and I had a great fancy to put a few questions to him. He was a caivil fellow enough, and had had informa tion from me on certain occasions-one picks it up when horsey gents are talking together, in spite of their whispering ways -which had been useful to him. "Now, Jack," I said, "' I want to see the prison warder as this here Kyneton told that story to about that robbery at our hotel." "Well, to tell you the truth, Bob," he says laughingly, "you'll find that a little difficult, Between ourselves, it was all bogus. It has been very successful, and been quoted in all the London papers, but no such statement was ever made." "Then how did it get into the papers 1" "Oh, it was put in by a penny-a-liner." "Then, Jack, I must see that penny-a. liner." "To tell you the whole truth, Ned," he answered, with another laugh (but I thought not quite so natural a one), "he stands before you ; it was me as wrote it." " Oh, you wrote it,did you I Now look here, this will go no further," said I, "than you and me, but I Imust know more. You said you would tell me the whole truth ; then tell me, who was it as paid you to write it 1~" " Vell, my proprietors, of course," he Sanswered sulkily. t "I know that, but who :paid you be o sides 1" v "Well, if you must know, a man by a the' name of Loftus. I met him at the SHarp here during the trial, and he said a he would give something to see himself r in print. It struck him, he said (and he * was right), that to make Kyneton confess a to the Dodds robbery would be an attrac , tire sort of a paragraph, and between us If we worked it up. It was more my com position than t.his, but I did not tell him a so, and he promised me a guinea when he 5- saw it in type, and he paid the guinea 5 like a man; and what was the harm in .d it I" "No sort of harm, Jack," says I, "and, I indeed, rather the reverse. I assure you Y you shall never get into trouble about it; a- but just tell me what this man was like." g e" Well, he was rather a down- looking e. cove." e "Hang-dog 1" said I. "Wall, yes, to be frank, hang.dog, washed-out, whityebrown sort of fellow." " With a beard ?" inquired I. 1 "No, with no beard.' " Did yon notice any impedient in his c speech 1" i "No. By the by, nowyou mention it," said Jack, correcting himself, "I did. it was very slight, but he said pup-pup t -paragraph." " All right," said I; "I ammuch obliged to you. It's not the man I thought f it was." r " And who did you think it was ?" s " It's no matter. I have come on a I fool's errand, but I thank you all the h same. If I can do anything for you next n meeting" - I meant, .of course, the v Brighton race-meeting, for Jack was ii not a chapel- goer, far from it- " com- ti mand me." Then I went home more confident in tl my old opinion than ever. It was Adam- ft son himself (though he now wore no ri beard) who had put that statement into ti the Lewes Express. The question, of e' course, was, why had he done it 1 since cl nobody now accused him of being a thief. o0 And why should he have adopted so tl clumsy and dangerous a method of getting ol his exculpation printed if he had the A money at command to get it done in bi safer ways? As I read it, the man, b; though he had stolen the money, had by to no means got it in his pocket. It was m hidden somewhere under the roof of the B Hand and Glove, and, now that his st character was in the eyes of the world re- ei established, he would some day return to hi take possession. ui 1 was not fool enough to communicate jC these ideas to any one else; I had already cc experienced the inconvenience of talking w and I felt that, if I was right in my con- af jecture, the value of it depended on my w keeping it to myself. Consequently I bore with much good humour the sly re- at marks of the other waiters about the w mare's nest I had discovered as respected ir the guilt of Mr Adamson, whom they pro- ar ceeded to pity as an ill-used and innocent man. 1 confessed 1 had made a mistake w: such as humble nature is liable to, and in after a few weeks there was an end of it. fo The robbery, having been explained, was forgotten, just as, I make no doubt, at the man who had done it had calculated ge upon ; only Bob Taylor (at your service) fo happened to be the exception, as proved "< the rule. or It was in the autumn time, and about " three weeks before the race meeting, that it, a Mr Morton arrived at our hotel by the in evening train, and asked for a bedroom. th What he couldn't abide, as he told Eliza an (which was the pretty housemaid's name), was the noise of the sea at night. He didn't care where he slept, but the room must be at the back of the house, and at the same time airy. Now, the only room fa which combined these advantages, as it la happened, was No. 47. I did not take is much notice of Mr Morton at first, except w1 as regarded his portmanteau, which I th thought a very shabby one for a gent as cl was so particular about his sleeping ; but 5" as it happened it fell to me to wait upon of him, and the way in which he ordered dry an champagne and the best of everything the dr house afforded did strike me (in connec- m tion with that portmanteau) as peculiar. st; He spoke very little, occupying himself n chiefly in smoothing his black moustache, BU which was very fine and silky, and in an reading a sporting newspaper. I noticed an that one leg of his trousers was patched ' at the knee, and said to myself, "There's in bricks in that portmanteau." But that of Pe course, was no. business of. mine, being sti only the waiter. sh Before the house closed he went out tr; for a walk, with one of our best cigars in m his mouth, and on his return asked qt for hot whisky and water ; only he th called it wur-wur- whisky. You might be have knocked me down with a feather, for when he said that it flashed upon bC me in an instant that he was my man. f His beard had grown, it was true, but m that I was prepared for, "from informa- th tion received " as the police would say ; cc his moustache had changed its colour- se indeed it was a false one ; but that unfor- fa tunate hesitation in his speech recalled th Mr Adamson to my recollection at once. to When I handed him the spirits and water, ta my hand shook so that you would have W thought I had taken any amount of the bi same prescription myself. To think he i had taken the very same room again-No. ft 47-though, of course, that was only what el you may call the association of ideas- bi seemed to carry conviction with it. The 01 room was, I think I have said, in the ser- si vants' quarters, and my own little dog- a hole was close to it. 1 slept-no, I didn't tr sleep-I laid awake all that night with a my door ajar and listened till there was a it buzzing in my brain equal to a million of P bees in swarming time. At 2 o'clock in the morning I heard his door open, and was out of bed in the twinkling, with my eyes at the chink of my own door. It was a moonlight night, and I saw him go down the passage in his nightgown, as noiselessas a ghost. Then I hear some thing scrape against the floor. It was the foot of the ladder of the fire-escape that led up through the trap-door on to the e roof. "He has hidden them there," said I to myself, and in my hurry to follow himni I stumbled in the passage and fell. When I picked myself up, all was quiet as death, and on turning the corner of the passage I see my gentleman coming towards me, walking quite slow and rigid. I "Hullo, I said, "how came you here I" He didn't answer a word, but with his eyes wide open and staring over my shoulder, tried to pass me. I took him by the arm, however, and again asked himn what he was doing in the passage at that time of night. Then he drew a long sigh, passed his hand over his eyes, and say- "Where am I ?" "Well,"says I. "you're where you've on business to be. Your room is N?o. 47, I believe." "Thank you," he says, "so it is. I've been walking in my sleep. It's a habit I have. Good nun-nun-night." And then he turned into his room and locked the door. He was certainly one of the coolest hands I ever saw, but his device did not Simpose upon me for an instant; what he Swanted, I now felt positively certain, were those nun-nun notes, which were lying, no doubt, stuffed under thie tiles Sor in some spout or other in the roof. The trap door was a long way up, and Scould not be preached except by the ladder; so this is what I did: I went y down into the pantry, where I knew of a .e chain and padlock that had belonged to d the kennel of a Newfoundland dog of If ours as was dead, and I just fastened the o ladder to a staple in the wall as had been s put there for that very purpose, but never z- used. After that, though I heard my is gentleman go out again about 3.30, I felt 1- more comfortable in my mind. I rather in fancied that he would soon come back ,e again-which he did; a-cursing and a sa swearing under his breath, without any in sort of hesitation whatsoever. The adventures of the night, however, m, were not over, for at four o'clock there )u was such a thundering noise in his room t that I thought the floor must have given away. Lig "Good heavens !" says I, knocking at his door, "what is the matter 1" "It's nothing," he says; "I've been g, walking in my sleep again, that's all." "Well," says I, "I hope you'l not do it again, or you'll rouse the house." After which he was as quiet as a mouse ; quieter than me, I assure you, for I lay in my bed shaking like an aspen leaf, and without a dry rag on me, as the saying is, For, as I'm a living man, I knew from that moment where those £11,000 worth of notes were hid as well as he did. In the morning he came down to break fast and then went out saying he would not return before luncheon time, as he had some business to transact in the town. Eliza made his bed and thought nothing had happened for I was not going to be made a fool of the second time; and wle'n the coast was clear I just walked into No 47 and locked myself in-with the ladder. I have said that the room had been thoroughly searched, and so it had been, for even the very wainscot had been ripped up. Only nobodly had thought of the ceiling, which was twenty feet out of everybody's reach, and had not even a chandelier ; but where the chandelier ought to have been, as I have mentioned, there were a few roses and things made of plaster, by way of ornament. Mr Adamson, as I was now convinced, had. been trying to reach those pretty flowers by the help of his bedstead and dressing table, only they had not come up to the mark, and had also given way under him. By putting the ladder against the bed stead I could, however, reach the ceiling easily enough (as my gentleman himself had done on a certain occasion), and under the rose (one may make a little joke when everything turns out so comfortable) I found the notes. The whole thing didn't take five minutes, and after telling my master of my discovery we sent at once for a policeman. Before Mr Adamson came back there arrived for him a largish package, which we took the liberty to open. It was an iron ladder that folded up very neatly, and was labelled "Mr Morton. No. 47." If he had had the prudence to bring it with him in the first instance, things might have turned out more fortunately for him, but as it was, it came a little late. Of course he was given into custody, and a telegram sent to Mr Dodds. That gentleman, sir, behaved like a gentleman, for on the day that Mr Adamson was "copped"-ho got twenty years-I not only received my thousand pounds, but " a hundred added," as Mr Dodds called it, "for my perseverance, sagacity, and integrity," and it is with that money that I have become master of the Hand and Glove. 