MELBOURNE. TPEOM ODE OWH CORRESPONDENT. ) Thursday Evening. Amid all kinds of music sweet, and decidedly t'de reverse, 1879 gave up the ghost and 1880 came into being. People a few miles from the city who sat up to see the old year out beard a perfect medley of sounds—there was the ringing of the church bells for watch-night services, the reports of rockets in all directions, and a confused hum of voices, in which the sharp notes of juvenile voices could be occasionally distinguished. Then, at about five minutes to twelve o'clock, when ears were strained to catch the first notes of the Post Office clock, the fire bells rang vigorously, and the steam fire-horn in Elizabeth street set up its hideous roar, and drowned almost everything except the nearer melody of bagpipes, on which some enthusiastic Scotchman was playing " Auld Lang Syne." Wben the music (?) of the fire-horn ceased it was 1680, and members of the larrikin fraternity were engaged until daylight proclaiming the fact on Bhutters and other convenient placeB by means of a paint brush and whitewash, or something else that would leave a good impression. The great holiday festival of " New Year's Day" has been enjoyed here by all sorts and conditions of men, women, and children, with the customary zest of Victorian pleasure-seekers, and, on the pre' sent occasion, that mysterious and fickle personage, the clerk of the weather, has been in such an excellent humor as to do all he could in his own particular lice for the comfort and delight of all and sundry. Under these favorable circumstances it is no matter for wonder that out-of-door enjoyment wss the order of the day throughout both city and suburbs, or that the various amusements provided for the entertainment of the public were very largely patronised. Nor were these amusements either few or far between. First and foremost was the -Champion Bace meeting on the Flemington course, which, as might have been anticipated without any fear of mistake, drew its thousands of spectators; while with many persons the cricket match between the Australian Eleven and Fifteen of Victoria was scarcely second in point of attractiveness. Then there was the annnal German picnic at Kew, with its various sports and amusements; another gathering of a similar kind at Northcote, a burling match at Hotham, and several minor games in other places, all of which were well attended. For those who preferred B trip down the bay, there was no lack of opportunity, as about a dozen steamers, including the Golden Crown, the Williams, and .other " fast and favorite " boats, were laid on for excursion trips .to the rarious pretty.little watering places between Brighton and the Heads. The weather continued magnificentthroughout the day, and, in spite of the "dtjll times," the enjoyment seems to have been universal. The danger of a catastrophe in connection with the Tay bridge, such as that of which we have just heard,. seems to have been foreseen, though the precautions taken for guarding against it have unfortunately proved insufficient. . Though the struoture was finished in the antumn of 1877, it B was not until EIX months iBter that Major-General Hutchison, the Board of Trade inspector, reported in favor of its being opened for traffic. In his report he said," very careful attention will be required to ascertain from time to time that no scouring action is taking place in the foundations of these piers which are subjected to a strong current." The frequent recurrence of conflagrations on a gigantic scale in Americsn cities is certainly inexplicable. Boston, like Chicago, has now suffered twice, and the mystery of the thing lies in the fact that even before Ihe first of the really great fires (that at Chicago in .1871) Americans were supposed by common consent to make their bnildings more thoroughly fireproof than anyone else, and to possess the most efficient fire brigades In the world. No details as to insurance are yet to hand, but I fancy English companies have been rather shy of risks in the great business cities of the United States of late. 