TOPICS OF THE WEEK. There was a great deal that was hollow and insincere in the speech that Sir John O'Shanassy thought it necessary to inflict on the House the other evening on the educa tion subject. We pass the demagogue element which asserted itself in the speaker's at tempt to represent himself as a friend of the people relentlessly pursued by the oli garchical landed interest of the country. But in dealing with the education matter Sir John O'Shanassy chose to rest hiB objection mainly on the expense of the present system. Yet it is notorious that the only systems that have been suggested to satisfy the demands he represents would all necessitate an in crease to the existing expenditure. "It is not proposed, at any rate not ostensibly pro posed, even by Sir John O'Shanasiy, to abolish the present system. The hold it has on the people of the country forbids this eolation. It is to be mainlined, ^nd the state is, in addition, to flefray theoo*tof educating the Catholics in separate sdxoolir We say nothing now as to the equityof thia arrangement. Bat clearly it involves an addi tion to the present expenditure, and it is mere trickery to Offer it as a method of redaction. We note that, in replying to the member for Belfast, the Minister for Education denied that our financial deficiency was due to the outlay on the education system, as " for years after the act was passed *h»t» were no complaints with respect to defi ciencies in the revenue." Exactly so. Those deficiencies came in with Berryism and Mr. W. C. Smith, although that warlike poli tician forgot to aay so. There is no subject which is discussed in so unreal and insincere a manner as this of education, and the greater part of its difficulty is due to thin insincerity. Mr. R. Clark had certainly a definite and just cause of complaint in the statement he made on Thursday regarding the reckless slanders and untruthfulness of the Minister of Mines, Mr. Williams. That politician wrote a letter lately to a Sandhurst paper to contradict a statement he is said to have made that, if the Kerang linejwete not started from Eaglehawk he would resign. It was not possible for him to disavow the statement with ont making a slanderous reference to Mr. Clark as one of the members for Sandhurst, who " is now glad, no doubt, that the line starts from Elmore and goes to the east of the Terricks-hiU, to serve his brothers ""f friends, who are rejoicing at the line going the way it does." At the time when Mr. Williams wrote that letter he knew, as Mr Clark declares, that that member was doing his utmost in support of the Eaglehawk line. No accusation of falsehood could be more direct than this. It was made, not after Mr. Williams's fashion, behind the bade of the .person accused, but to his face, as he sat in the House with his colleagues by side. Mr. Williams was accused of m«.lring false statements knowingly and deliberately, for the purpose of blackening the character of an opponent He heard the charge, and had not a word to say in defence. Mr. Fisher, Mr. Williams's colleague in the representation of Mandurang, declared that he knew Mr. Clark's statement was true. Still Mr. Williams had not a word to say. In regard to another matter, there is no doubt Mr. Clark was perfectly right. The chief obstacle to the adoption of the Eaglehawk line has been that it was supported by Mr. Williams. The stigma of one of the foulest pieces of political treachery ever perpetrated attached to it. The trail of the serpent was over it alL Had Mr. Williams supported the Elmore line, the House, Mr. Clark say^ would probably, with the same readiness, have opposed that. The Eaglehawk people made a great mistake when they embarked fchfi* railway fortunes in the same boat with Mr. Williams. The feeling with which that shifty politician is regarded is not likely to ba a transient one. Public opinion changes on many things, but Jodaa Iscariot has not yet grown a popular character, and the universal view taken of Mr. Williams's career is not likely to be materially modified by lapse of time. The members of the Corner party, who often tell us that they are " the coming party, tried their strength in the House on Tuesday night, and the result was not en couraging to the ambition they are supposed to entertain. The party, in a division on a matter appealing so strongly to its sympathies aB an attempt to perpetrate a gross injustice Mid monBtrous illegality, could only number six, all told, and counting Mr. Mirams as & full private. Thia master-roll is not an im posing one. It doubtless makes up in other ways for its lack of numerical force. With men of the utter uBscrupulousneas of Wr Longmore and Mr. Woods to supply the abuse, and Mr, * Mirams to. in. sinuate slanders and calumnies, disregarding their repeated contradiction, the party manages to occupy far more of the attention of the House than it deserves. Bat numerically it iB weak. To overthrow a Government and ran jl Ministry on.the basis of a. party of six is not at present a very feasible task. Doubtless the smallness of the party has one advantage. There would be no difficulty about apportioning the Beats and the salaries. Several of the members of the party consider themselves able to fill two or three offices, and the smaller the divisor of the £14,000 the larger the dividehd. Bat still these are ideas that relate to an at present far-off future, and we fear that the coming party has much tribulation, weariness, and sinking of heart to toil through before it arrives. That was a characteristic complaint the* other night to the Ministry by Mr. the member for Moira. This hon. e»nfclm.>Tt had a grievance against Mr. Byron Moors, for interfering with the Lands department, and Mr. Richardson so far truckled to a Minis terial supporter as to promise that Mr. Mmi, should not be allowed to interfere in future. But when the matter was looked farther into it appeared, from the statement of Mr. Hall himself, that his oomplaint had arisen from the fact that Mr. Moore had interested him* self at the Lands office as*nageatin support of the application of his brother, while Mr. Hall had gone there to advocate the claim of a Moira resident 41 When he (Mr. Hall) made application to the Minister about the loud he found be had been defeated, and he beat* that Byron Moore had interfered on behalf of his brother." Hence his tears and h» whining complaint to the Minister. B«* surely, if representatives of claimantaiare to be allowed «t the Landa-o&oe;, itia fetter that .they should be avowed agents Shtji meinbers of Parliament of the Hall typ&gpf; | all know what the system of ripissititannii by members of PatHammi mwnj.and what it conjee ta And the jwfartantte, balliet, browbeaten official* have speciil mnon for knowing. Bat no# it seems that l^ttaiaft* agents are to have their operation! rwtriofeeA " in the interests of members of Parliament who have jobs to work on behalf of sup porters, transactions that cannot stand on their own merits without the help they get from the political influence of the repre sentative. _______ We quite agree with Mr. Robert Reid, M. L. C. It is, as he says, quite ridiculons to ask him for information or explanations regarding the i bills he introduces to the House. The absurdity of the course is only equalled by its ueeleesneBB. But, then, Mr. Reid should re member that there is one thing even more ridicmlons than this, and that is, a man taking a post where he will be constantly and legitimately asked for explanations and information which he iB incompetent to supply. Mr. Reid's contempt for the func tions of the Council may be as great as that evidently entertained by his col leagues. But he most be aware that the representation of the Government of the country in the Legislative Council is not wholly a sinecure. It involves responsibili ties which, though not arduouB, are impera tive, and amongst them is to state the object and explain the machinery of the bills he asks the Honse to pass. Mr. Reid's incapacity to do this is complete. He has not been able, so far as we can remember, to give a single intelligent or useful answer to a question put to him throughout the session. Exoept when the much-valued Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett acted as representative of a Liberal Govern ment in the Council, the post has not been filled so uselessly before. And even Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett, if he was not able to supply much instruction to his fellow-members, at leaBt sometimes afforded them a good laugh. Mr. Reid is not useful, he is not instructive, he is certainly not amusing. AB he puts it, he is only ridiculous, and if his object and that of his fellow Ministers waB to make a very dull farce of the whole matter, it has been very folly attained. Some practical result has arisen from the Intercolonial Conference in "the shape of an agreement made between South Australia and tiift other two colonies represented to ceaaetbe collection of duties on the South Australian border. This result was reached because it was one which no great difficulty impeded. So far as the border trade between South Australia and Victoria is concerned, it iB so small that the duties collected did not pay the salaries of thfe officers engaged in col- ] lecting them. And as for the much more important trade 'done by Adelaide with the back districts of New South Wales by the River Darling, the duties on this have been made the Bubject of an arrangement between the two colonies, by virtue of which South Australian goods cross the border free of duty in consideration of the payment of an annual sum from that Govern ment to New South Wales. But it would be by'no iWans a-legitimateinference that, since those two colonies have been enabled thus satisfactorily to settle their border business, it would be equally easy for Victoria and New South Wales to do so. The circum stances are not at all parallel, and the whole course of fiscal legislation in Victoria in recent years has been directed to make a settlement of the border duties question impossible. If this is saying too much, it is certain that our legislation has had this effect, whether intentionally or otherwise. If intercourse between the two colonies across the border were free, it is quite evident that our enormous <w£ valorem duties would prevent the Melbourne merchant from send ing goods to Riverina to compete with the Sydney merchant. It would be necessary, as at present, to maintain the system of send ing np goods in bond, and the cordon of customs-houses on'the frontier. The solu tion tendered by Mr. Berry, of the other colonies adopting the Victorian tariff, is too grotesque to meritfeny serious consideration. We Have chosen to go our own eccentric road in these matters. He other colonies have Btood fast on the way of free trade, in which they have progressed and prospered. It ie rather too much to ask them to abandon the system with which they«re satisfied to adopt one which iB not able to point to any results to recommend it; and all for the purpose of enabling Melbourne traders to Bupply goods to New South Wales consumers more readily than their rivals at Sydney. No doubt the cleverest piece of engineering performed by Mr. Berry at the late conference was the inducing the other two colonies to promise a sum of about £7,000 each to be spent in and around Mr. Berry's constituency of Geelong in stamping out phylloxera, and in " compensating " the owners of phylloxerised vineyards. It would be interesting to know the arguments by which the delegates justify this demand on the taxpayers of New South "Wales and South Australia. There are shrewd suspicions that the "stamping out" of phylloxera in the Geelong district and the inculcation of Berryism have gone hand in band, and that the money which has appeared on the Estimates as salary of an inspector of vineyards might as well have been designated Berryite Secret Service Faad, Geelong d ia trict*' It is bad enough that all classes and parties in Victoria should be taxed to defray I the expenses necessary to secure Mr. Berry bis Western constituency. Bat to get the otbtt colonies also to contribute to the same fund is a feat which Mr. Berry will always look b&dk; on with pride. When the elec tioneering Interests of Mr. Berry ace in ques tion, there would not be a disposition to look tod strictly into the expenditure of money from tbeVidforiftn Treasury. Fancy what good times -tijere will be when the greater part«tf thelndoef the Treasuries of <be other cdlMties. It is by smart trana Victoria shows her 'cptetfeW-fa h»r neighbours, and ft If II'" the place she1iolfis#|Mi^litoeai)Bib4'affection. r addressed. mnM aod ipifrflc& reioAtkt to an assemblage of farmers the other day at Lancefield-road. Of coarse, it has all been B&id; before, and, indeed, its obviousness almost renders its statement unnecessary, but it is often die case that even self-evident troths are only developed into conviction and practical, active effect by constant repetition. Mr. Maclvor having dwelt on the difficulties the farmers labour under from the redaction ° of price occasioned by over-protection, pointed out the only practical direction whence remedy is to be looked for. He maintained that since the Government had by all means in its power attracted people to the lands, they were entitled to look to the Government to secure them the conditions under which they could remain there. They were justified in demanding of the Government that it should by wise legis lation cheapen the cost of production, and also the rate of freight, and that it should also attract population to the colony-the greatest want of all to the farmer. As we said, it ought not to be necessary to insist on all this. The self-evident axioms of geometry are not more self-evident than this is. It is clear to even the dullest that whoever protection may benefit it can not benefit the farmer. Indeed, all who are benefited are benefited at the farmer's expense. Protection increases the cost of his production, sweeps away a large share of his product for the benefit of privileged classes of town residents, restricts his market, raises his rates of freight, drives population, that is, purchasers and consumers of hiB produce, from the colony, and lessens his supply of labour. And against all this what does it for him ? Absolutely nothing. It is not even pretended that it does anything for him. And, as Mr. Maclvor says, it is in the power of the agriculturists to change all this at once by their votes if they desired to do so, but, instead of this, they in many cases lend their influence to perpetuate the state of things which, for them, is one of loss and disaster. We wonder how much sympathy the in telligent shopkeeper expects to get who com plains that he has been imposed upon by a woman who obtained credit from him on the assurance that she was the mother of Edward Kelly, the bushranger. It seemB that in bet way the woman in question had some knowledge of human nature. She did not expect to be able to get credit on her own guarantee, and she thought it necessary to mention a name as that of some friend or relative as warrant of her respectability. And she mentioned the name of her late lamented son Ned Kelly, and the result was that credit was given without hesitation. The circumstance that her statement was untrue is not essential to the transaction, which seems to us a very instructive one. A little while ago it appeared from a long statement in one of the papers that some woman was claiming the public interest and sympathy by circumstantially declaring that she was j the bereaved and lamenting widow of the same hero. Whether there was any attempt to obtain pecuniary credit on this assurance was not stated. But, no doubt, the pretended widow became an object of interest in the eyes of a good many weak-minded people. The retirement of the Hon. John Douglas, one of the most prominent and enlightened politicians in Queensland, from the Legis lative Assembly and the active pursuit of politics, will be regretted by the Liberal patty, with which he has been so long asso ciated. HiB reasons for taking this un | expected step have not been very clearly ex plained, but it would appear that the hon. gentleman intends to try by means of out side action to put a drag upon one of the most cherished projects of the Government which he did not succeed in satisfactorily accomplishing in the House. When the transcontinental railway scheme was under discussion last session Mr. Douglas did not offer any opposition to the recognition of the principle of land grants, but expressed him self as decidedly adverse to the plan of sub sidising a foreign company or syndicate of financial adventurers with6.400,000acres of the finest pastoral country in Australia, and esti mated even at present to be worth £2,000,000, merely to secure the construction of a rail way 800 miles in length, which could very well be deferred until other and more urgent lines had been built. He argued, with con siderable truth, that if the system of bor rowing money was to be abandoned in favour of land grants, the latter must be applied, not to build grand transcontinental railways only, bo to other smaller, but equally useful, undertakings. In a letter to the Brisbane Courier, written since his resigna tion, Mr. Douglas reiterates these views, and urges the postponement of the transcon tinental scheme for the present until the more urgent extensions from Yeulba to St. Geoige, Roma to Blackall, and later on another line striking out west and south west for the South Australian border, have been built. He advocates the construc- I tion of all these lines upon the land-grant j system, which, he admits, has great attrac- j tions for him. The first two lines be regards as essential extensions of the present railway syBtem, and as necessary in order to keep pace with the neighbouring colonies. With regard to the latter, he hopes for the estab lishment of communication with Adelaidei as well as Port Darwin and Carpentaria, be lieving that the iron rails will unite the colonies closely together, and make them recognise their many common interests. No doubt there is much in Mr. Douglas's views to commend them to all unprejudiced ob servers. His dread lest a syndicate of foreign capitalists may develope into one'of (he ^ill powerful and unscrupulous railway lings, such as exercise BO pernicious an influence in America, is not altogether baseless, but it would purely bp possible for the , colony to insist upon sucha depr$$ of local representa tion ui would reduce $te danger to a mini-' Spine risk is inevitable, aathe ^greater Pfirt of the requireS capital jmwt come from Europe. Experience, however, teaches that in the States, the land-grant Byatem, although commencing on a small scale, speedily, by means of "log- rolling," acquired immense dimensions, while now a large pro portion of the most valuable lands of the con tinent are held by speculative railway com panies. It is most desirable that such ^ a state of things should not be repeated in Queensland. If accurate BtatiBtlcs could be procured of the number of queer crotchets, and odd sectarian beliefs, and whimsical creeds, which have arisen in our days and command their followings, we should be better posted up than we now are in the real mental loss and gain of what is sometimes called "our boasted civilisation." No doubt a large number of delusions have given way, but it has not always followed that sound beliefs I have taken their place. Often the only result baa been a change in the object to which human credulity was attracted, not a diminution in the net amount of error. | A great deal of light would be thrown on this phase of mental change could we get -which we cannot-the figures indicating the number of adherents of the strange para doxical faiths which are constantly spring ing up around, us and attracting the atten tion of fanciful minds. In the profit and loss account we have supposed we should have, for instance, to put down the disappearance of belief in witchcrafton the credifcside of the balance. Butthe entry that might stand against it, of the growth of spiritualism in our own day, would be a formidable per contra, and it is not easy to see how the account would appear. People have given up the belief in ghosts, but as against this we have seen the _ birth of that odd Pyramid religion, the car dinal belief of which is that sundry super n&tnrally; revealed principles were symbolised in the construction of the Great Pyramid for the benefit of posterity, and that the revelation was never interpreted till the knowledge conveyed had all been found out by ordinary human means. Surely the moBt profitless exercise of supernatural power on record. Amongst the later and most harmless embodiments of this principle of heterodoxy and paradox is the " Anglo-Israel" creed, which declares that the English race is descended from the loBt tribes of the Hebrew nation. This ecclesia has its own propaganda, and a very active and wide-spread one. An Anglo-Israel As sociation formed in Sydney has lately held its third annual meeting, and the president was able to congratulate the society on the fact that " The great movement was steadily and silently spreading all over the United Kingdom, America, India, and the colonies ; and he rejoiced to see the intense interest taken in the subject by all classes of so ciety." We learn from statements made that this faith has its missionaries, and two were welcomed at the Sydney meeting who " had left their homes to assist in promulgating Anglo-Israelism throughout the colonies." When we also remember the anti-vaccina tionists, the association whose creed is that the earth is fiat, and who support a maga zine^ to teach their doctrines, and the other odd forms of queer sporadic heresy we see constantly starting into life, we are reminded that the course of intellectual progress is a very irregular one. subject to great fluctua tions, and to very singular eddies and cross currents. 