1 THUS . OF XJ2IVS. "Yesterday the weather was worse than unpleasant; it was ulinost unbearable. Early,in the morning a strong north-westerly breeze blew, the sun sliming out hot the while. . At intervals clouds of dust were lifted and driven through every, crevice,iiito: the residents' ■ houses. Towards* 2 o'clock? : tho wind veered round to the south-west, when a perfect gale blew, raising the dust, ; which enve oped thetown continuously up ■ to .0 o'clock in the evening,'when the wiud, having shifted iuto tho south, died away considerably. The thermometer, which at j noou registered 92 degrees in" the shade, had : fallen at 7 o'clock in the. evening to 70 i .degrees. Residents of the town for many ! ! years say that yesterday afternoon's dust* ' (inhaling: was • the worstr they . have - evori experienced. As we go to prtiss"the atmosphere is ^delightfully cool, but although, the •sky is overcast with dark clouds, still there jis little probability that much rain will fall. We have been handed, the; names of the Rivorine eighteen who aro' to try conclusions willi Iho principal cricket clubs.of Melbourne'/ during the: Christmas holidays^ Ther'ddm'-'4-* prise representatives from all tho .surrounding 'districts, unci should prore a strong'eombina- ; U ion. The. list jncluUos .the f names of 25, ifrom whorirthe eighteen*are to;be selected Messrs.Loughnan (2), Evans, M'JSvoy/Dight,' Douglas, Chiiinery (2), Manning, Nicholas, •Morun, Higgins, Cotnans, ;Buggy, Wilkinson, Bobbs, Healli, Baylis, Reed,,Simpson, Daley, i Price, Holahan, Warden, arid Kayser. The i eighteen louve for Melbourne on Suiiduyy i 20th of s December, unl; play., a;-- series of.5 | matches, commencing 0U;the;29ih.- - As this is/ the first team of the kind.ever arranged from I lliveriua for such a purpose, and, as some of. i our local players are iucluded in the number; i \ve hopeto hoar that the Eighteen give a:good i accouut of themselves. The matches already: i arranged are—Yarra. Bend.ou . the 29th i December; East Melbourne on tho Slefc; or 1st January; and Melbourne ion; the 5th January... . ' As the mail; tram was travelling towards Gerogery yesterday morning a1 spark • from tboeugiue set fire to thograss, near Mr. Kobcllo's homestead, on the CJrana road-1 Before :the progress of < the .' fire - could be stopped,- a quauuty of'grass • in- one of' the . paddocks - was consumed,>?»and a •• stack' of about 30 cords of drewood^ burnt to ashes. ^ When will the .Government provide spark\x=req-\ arresters for tho < funnels of • their locomotives ? » * ; We a&iun; remind our readers that ' the moon will bo eclipacd to«mght. .. At Sydney, the pbuseswill take place as follows :—First contact, 1G, 10 3U'3 p.m.,. Middle-of-eclipse, • I . diS'O a.m. ' LaBt contact,: 17,' 4 50'5 a m. Hero,, ofcoursc, the phases-will tuko 'pluce a little.,later,,.as.; we- aro.v considerably to the wealward of Sydney.\x=req-\ •• This day. week the Christinas vacations of the -Waggrt' Wagga Pubho school will commence. Prior to tho breaking up, wo learn-that tho parents of the childrcu will be invited to be present, when the prizes for merit will be distributed among the pupils. A good amount has already beon subscribed towards the prize fund, but it can bo considerably swelled between this and! next /Thursday by those of our townspeople "wlio wish to assist in a deserving object. v A wkll-kkown "gaol bird," named Win. Stewart, was liberated from the local lockup on Tuesday morning last, and very Boon was seut back to the place from whence he came. Stowart, it appears, went to Junoe by Tuesday cveuing's train, and went to Crawley's hotel. From tho cvidenco of Locker at tho police court yesterday, Stewart threatened Crawley that if he did not try and get a mitigation of tho sentence in the case of the man who was sunt to Goulburn gaol for stealing the keg of giugcr beer he (Stewart) would have revenge upon hitu. This conversation appears to have put Locker upon tho alert, and ho marked a half-crown he had iu his possession by drawing his knife twice across it. A short time afterwards Locker found he had buon robbed, and gave information to CoUKtablo Williamson, who searched Stewart aud found upon hiin the mifsing moucy, iucludiug the marked ln»lf\x=req-\ crown. Prisoner was arrested and brought to Wagga Wagga, aud was yesterday committed to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions, to be holden on the 4th of March next. Tjie annual concert in connection with tho Public school will tuko place on Wednesday evening next, tho 22nd instant, in the Mechanics' Institute. Those concerts arc generally very agreeablo, and wo trust that Mr. Dart, who spares no trouble in getting thorn up, will not have cause to regret his labour. 1 A Grown lands sale is advortised to be held at tbo local Lmd Office on 12th Jauuary 1 next. For further particulars see Govern'\x=req-\ menC Gazette of 3rd December, No. 478, at i the Policy Office, or local Lind Office. < The Commissioner for Railways advertises in our business columns chat tickets at nrdi* nary excursion rates will bo issued for the f Christmas and New Year holiday;?, at all , stations to all stations on the Great Southern, Western, and .Richmond lines, for distances over 15 inil«s, commencing on the 18th ; December, ami terminating on the lab of January, 1SSI, both days inclusive, avilable for return—For distances of 40 miles and under, until 10th January ; and for distances, over 40 miles, until the 17th January, 1S81. Simitar tickets will also be issued on 24th, 25th, 2Gth, and 31st December, 18S0, and 1st January, 18S1, for distances of 15 miles and . under, available for return for two days. It will be seen from our telegraphic cor* rcspondencc that Mr. George C. Loughnan, one of the members for this district,, was among tho eight absent yesterday-on tbo , formal opening of Parliament. Mr. Loughnan has, we understand, beeu unable to proceed ; io'1 Sydney 'owing to the illness of Mrs. Loughuau. \Ve hope soon to hear that he has taken bis seat in the House. The monthly meeting of the Wagga Wagga Band of Hope was held at the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening, the vice-president, Mr. T. Denning, presiding. After a short programme of readings, songs and recitations, in which Mrs. Monahan,. Misses Hunter, Loyell,Mynott, Lidgate, Mr. Dart, Mr. AVilkiusVand Master.Vincent took part, a /very interesting and instructive exhibition of dissolving views was given by Mr. Pollock. 'It,will,be seen from our advertising columns ttiat'the same gentleman will exhibit in the Weslcyan schoolroom to-night with an entirely-new aod superior set of views. ■'The "Mattie Taylor Troupe, which performed here about this time last year, will „ive a performance in the Mechanics1 Institute to-night. Mattie Taylor's. imporsoua-. tions are well worth seeing, and as a renbwued vocalist; Mr. Stneker, will assist;: there should be a full house. Full particulars can be seen on reference to the advertisement elsewhere. .Amono the sixty-fivo members who sat. on tlie Government benches at the formal opening of Parliament, yesterday, was Mr. J. H. Douglas, one of the members for this district. Tiie following is the team selected to play against the Cootnmundia Eleven on Saturday next for the Cox Cha)leni(o Cup Welman,, Nicholas, Newman, E. Tompson, A. To.np\x=req-\ son, Hiegins, O'llara, Elliott, M'Master, Mo'ran and Iiay Mair; emergencies, Gowllatid and Plunkett. ■""Mr. Johnson, the contractor for the station buildings at Hanging Rock, has nearly completed his contract, every portion of which has been carried out most satisfactorily to the Government inspector. The contractor has sparod neither puins nor; expense in fulfilling his contract within the time specified. . ■ yoTicB under the Pastures aud Stock. Act, 18S0, will be found in bnr advertising columns, calling the attention of owners of large stock to regulation 41, whereby every owner of horses and cattle is required to mako a return, between tbe 1st and 31st December, iu each . year of the number, then ownodby him, to the Inspector of Stock for the district (from whom, forms of return can be obtained) under a penalty not exceeding £20, i as provided ;for- by,, section -7 of the Act. ! , Tjie Geneva correspondent of the Times iteils an ■extraordinary story. It appears that ■in the Canton Scluvytz, where manners are ;still simple and people unsuspecting,, there is no prison.' Instead of one an old farmhouse is used, the guardianship of which is nomi\x=req-\ |linlly confided to a gaoler ,and ;a policeman, ibat really to a nun, who relies upon good treatment to detain tlie prisoners. As a rule, alio has not relied in vain, for though all kinds of criminals are detained, here, and tliey are allowed to go ; abroad at pleasure, there. liave' been < no escapes. ;A particularly bad murderer was allowed to fetch some water, and disappeared. The policeman immediately let all the prisoners loose, telling tbom to hunt for Maechler, the murderer iu question, which they, did, and thou'di they were unsuccessful, and some of them' drunk, they, all came buck again. Maechlor was not caught, and it is probable that a true prison'will-be sul'Stitute-.l for the nun's reformatory;' .but the" history of her Svork ninst bB worth knowing. She uppears to' liave -been. moved 'by a real' belief that criminals could be converted, to .have converted a good many, and:to.haye; brought all under some sortof discipline. Otherwise, the neighbourhood would Wo protested: i The Bishop of'-.Manchester, speaking at Keighley, on the" social, moral, aud religions comlitiou of the country, said that Bullish people boasted of their, self-government, and, of their political intelligence, crediting themselves as being the only people in tho world, with the exception, perhaps, of the Americans, who understood' the principle or practice of self-government; yet, wero they,proud if the' 'reyeliteone^ yrliloU ,>vero: beiug dailj;,. made in -connection1; with " the' election ,in-.' quiries ? He agreed; witli Sir Wilfred Lawson when lie said that;if:tbc'; seats iu Parliament were put tip to auction, there would be less harm done than under-' the: present corrupt system of electoral management, which was a disgrace to the nation in the eyes of Europe: It was time our'public men spoke out, for what was the good of; laws'without morals? Referring to the-present attitude of, employers and 'employees, he said that in Durham a sliding 6cale of wages had beou adopted and although this might not bo possible in manufacturing' 'districts, yot merchants might -"regulate*wage*, by the scale of profits; Speaking of Ireland,:ho said it- was ulmostva - land of ^assassination, and lie did not think that so much tiger like human nature could Imve been roused without injustice had been dono to the-people." .Ho thought that Lord | Lansdowne and Lord Fitzwillium,were acting, wisely in spending' the winter among'their I tenants. If such a course were'adopted by 1 all landlords they might eron jet live safely. The evils of centuries of unfair rulo could not bo removed in a'momorit.' :It was the fault of the English people, and- if I lie Irish had been dealt ; withy more' considerately 3there wo"uld,npl have.been :so,much nvickednossnnd , crime: Ho hoped'; that during the winter something would' bo.'clone by. the great landowners to establish a better fooling in that un liappyyahd.disprganise'd country. ■ : i The canferonco in' Melbourne of tlio Young ,iTenVChnstian; Association/was brought to a* close on Friday night. ' ! As exceptionally, violent case, of; assault ! and robbery Jbcbnrred j oh, Wednesday;; night (says 'Vie'.SriOahe. Courier): tho.victiinbeiug Mr. John Gbvoiier, a shopman, iu'.tbo em: ploy of. Messrs.Gaujard ■ and Elson. , It ap\x=req-\ ipears tliat Mr. GoVener .locked .up tho.shop, ;at about 10 o'clock, as'usual, and proceeded lip Quoen-atreet with .Mr. Elson.,;: Ou reach, ing'George-street they parted oompauy,.'and. Govenor, who resides in 'Eurbbt-stroet, went along George- street towards homo. As he was crossing the green, at tin;' corner of George and Turbot streets, lie received a violent blow on the head from behind, which, knocked him down and stunned, him: ; As far as bo can judge,'he' regainbd' consciousness about two houra afterwards, and then found himself lying in a pool nf water, and blcoding from the head, whero ho had received a nasty sculp wound. Ho then discovered that his pockets had been rilled, some •fa. in silver having been taken from him, and that his overcoat and hat were also gone. It is surmised'that the culprit had observed Govener shutting up tho shop, and had per\x=req-\ petrat'od the outrage as a moans of getting tho key of the shop, which luckily had been transferred to other caro after tlio shop was shut. The caBe 'against,; Mr., Cornish,. for smuggling a sealskin jacket from tho Coto\x=req-\ paxi, was reheard attlie Sandhdgo Police Court, and after evidence was heard it was dismissed. , ~ ' ". Ik the County' Court, Victoria,-William Jones sued I'liomns Ascha-ifor . £85,' tlie amount of a sweep on tho Melbourne Cup. Tho defenduut had detained, ji portion of the money, having a' claim oil tlio plaintiff, and Judge Oope .upheld the point raised,..that,the money was uot legally recoverable. Mr. It. Goldsbrough has accepted a seat 011 tho board of tho Londou Chartered Bank. Tim New Zealand Government does not intcud to rouew tho contract for tho conveyance of tho Suez mail between this colony and Melbourne. A Maobi residing at the Chatham Islands accused of having murdered his European wife through jealousy, has been brought to Lyttelton, N.Z., for trial. An examination of tho Sorata, as sho now lies in tho Alfred Graving Dock (observes lho shows that. the injuries received, though severe, tiro not such as to have seriously damaged tho friunowork. Ko, deflection 1ms taken placo in her litieis, and sho is as symmetrical as ever. After tho water hud been pumped out of (he daok, tho itijury'to the steamer was soon to commencc from about 00 feet from, tho forefoot, and extending aft from that about 75 foot, Tho keel has,.from the forepurt, been; curved upward or wither inward from an inch to 2 feet 6 inches in tho coutro, gradually decreasing again as,it goes alt, J'Jjo garboard or keel plalo has receirod comparatively httlo damago beyond ^tho, frac? turo of about 5 feet in the centre, and tho straining, to the fifth or sixth plate up tho vessel, feomo of tlio tf i(h line of plates on the port sido abovo tlio bulging hole have so far opened oiitithat'for'n distance fore and aftof 20 feotthey havehud to be wedged with small pine : wedges' to assist in reducing the" leak. These repairs proved effective for tho purpose, os not one .of them started on tho voj'ugo. It is exceeding)/ fortunate that 'tho - •fracturo did not cxlond further aft, as even a jfoot or;two inpre must: have seriously injured the engines V but, as it is, Mr. Kennedy, tho 'chief engineer, is able to state that they havo not'suffered in the least, and aro now in as j.good working order as ever. They aro nob Ijeven corroded by. their 13 weeks' submersion, I-owing to tho skilful and judicious way in. '/which . thoy. were manipulated, immediately on the water boing pumped out, by Mr. Kennedy, his officers, and men, who, as fast as the water receded, bestowed the requisito [drying material rind oil on them. The result was seen in the fact that in steaming round from Adblaido! the engines worked without'a hitch of any sort. ! OS tlio ni^ht of tho.22nd May, 1879 (says ■■Argwyun extensive robbery of jewellery took piaco , from 'tho premises of Mr. Georgo, iGolding, of Brisbanerstreet, Launceston, Tas\x=req-\ 'mania.- It.seems from tho information received by tho Victorian detectives that tho premises were broken into during tho night, and, on tho following morning it was discovered that a large quantity of goods, con .siating . of gold and silver watches, diamond rings, pins; brooches, lockcta, and two boxes .of . gold,'valued in all at £1500, had been 'stolen. The thieves would appear to havo •carried out their plans so successfully as to onablc them to leave lho colony with tho st olon property. Since tho robbery no word had been received here of any arrest, having been made in connection with the case, or o£ any of the property having been recovered. However, some light was thrown on the crimo at .Fiizrby • last week, when a man giving the name of John .Normylo was arresled on suspicion of being concerned in tho robbery. During the day the prisoner went to tho shop or Mr. -Woods; pawnbroker, of Brunswick\x=req-\ street, and: wanted to pawn a gold watch. Mr. Woods, from sotno reason, became sus\x=req-\ picious^ that, all .was not right, and after examining tho arliclo referred to his printod • list of stolon property, and found that the watch answorod the description and number of one stolen from Mr. Golding. Woods refused the: pledge, and communicated with ' the polieo, when a search was mado; for! ISonnyle, who was subsequently arrested. On being searched at the. watch-house, threo . gold watches and one silver watch wero found in his possession, also a number of gold rin^B and.lockets. .The prisoner, who said-Lhat.he had only recently arrived in the colony, would' givo no account of how.ho camo in possession' '' of the property, and from tho appearance of souio of the articles they .would seera to liaro been buried for some time past. : A Correspondent of the Tamworth Neu«-u. sends the following account of a fatal accidont, . and injuries of a less serious nature to others, through .the explosion of a dynainito charge - on the 3rd 'insfcaut, noar tho - Macdonald River. It appears that a party of men had hred off six dynamite shots, hearing six reports. They then found that: one of tho charges jiad .only Pai'fciy exploded, and proceeded to .drill the holo deeper. There must .l have been left uuexplodcd a considerable part, if not nil, of the charge, for after Aril\x=req-\ line lor a little, time the charge went off and three men were injured. Dr. Tynan • was immediately sent for, and found Miclmel Cummins had sustained fatal injories.; Tlio • thigh was fractured in two places, tho knee • • smashed up, and . tho muscles of tho thigh severly lacerated. Ho was also ' injured internally. Henry Xivesay had also sustained ft severe injuries ; his leg was dislocated, and he sustained internal injuries.. Tho' other m:ui was injured in the eyes, but not seriously Michael Cummins died.at 1a.m. 011 the 3rd instant. This is the third fatal accident on this Ime during the past fortnight. : The following, telegram, liaviug rcferotici' 1 to the water supply at Cobar, was received by trio Department of Mines; on Monday from tho Crown . Lauds Commissioner, at Bourke « All tho tanks at Collar aro dry ^ with exception of tlio stock tank, which had three feet of^water in.it last Thursday tnoru\x=req-\ rag. This tank 'is .now, supplying all; the : town, uud ut tho present rate of consumption it cannot last more than eleven days, ivhon the trnyn will be dried out. .The puinn is • constantly going from Say break uritill after''-' 10 every night, and during tho two days I ' was at (Jobar thera :• was ;a constant ■ line iof wntor-cai-ta at; the,tank.awaiting their turn. '■Ibete is no wastej and water is only beinji used for town purposes. V I have'placed a caretaker in charge." , ' f '-T^ tase of Samuel:v. M'iean Brothers and Kigg,.involving interests of considerable magnitude, was - argued on Wednesday and hrulay in tho Viotorian Equity Court, boforo Judge Moles worth. ■The ■ plaintiff (says tho * • A ge) was the widow and executrix of the lato V-ln1eA,,„Sa,?ue'' ironmonger,: of Sandhurst. '87H- t»e, deceased was largely indebted to the defendants': firm, and a bill over the property of-James Samuel, &c.;, to seoure the *?' indebtedness wasexecuted to the defendants. / A larye, quantity of mining scrip, then of - little value, belonging to James Samuel, and not toi. the farm of James Samuel and Co., was deposited about the same time with the defendants, as according to the allegation of the plaintiff, security f„r the same indebtedness. Shortly afterwards James Samuel and L.O. executed au absoluto assignment of tho property,comprised in the bill of sale to tho defendants, the latter giving at the same time a release of all the debts of the firm of James oainuel and Co. It was now contended for tho plaintiffs that the deposit being merelv »s n security; and the debt being released tlio security was wiped out, and the plaintiff was entitled to the shares, which, together '•oJn*'■i■"ldeuils> Were now worth ovor £10,000. Oa.tha other hand, the defendants .contended that the transfer of the shares wa3 :;au absuluto ouo iu consideration of their guarouteeiug. certain acceptances of James SamuBl and Co. to C. J. Jonner. A distinct agreement to this effect was sworn to by Mr. ^SftSpne-ottbe partnors in tho defendants' ' "rWv'.' H's.JGCciior reserved judgment. •5following from the Queensland Tfinen of December 9:—Air. Edu-ard Walluee ■ has shown us a letter which ho received a few days' ago containing nil account of n terrible ' tragody. which; happened at Jundah, a town- J ' sliip'on the Wilson River, and, if wo retnein-■" ' berraright,'in tho neighbourhood of the Lower - Thompson. The blacks attueked the storo o£ Mr;^ohn-;X>(Hwreaii"durinff his abseiico and'- ' killeu lus wifo and servant- girl, cutting them ' '' literally to pieces.: An infant, however, was •left unharmed. Tho attack was a- most' -1 daring one, as tho polieo camp was only about' a quarter of a mile distant. Mrs. Lonergan was quilo a young woman, only about 20 years or age, und Imd lired at Condamino for manv years with Mr. Wallace's family, of which sho ' was an .intimate and particular fnond. Sho w'us tlicii a Miss.Margaret'Colemanj but after marrying Lonergan, who was also a well\x=req-\ known resident of Condamine, bIio. loft with him about two years ago for Kockknmpton, and thence they made their way to Jundah where Lonorgon opened a Btore, and where aa 5 wo have Baid, tho cruel murders wore com\x=req-\ imtted. Dcnixo lho hearing of a court easo tho other day at Forbes (eays tho Times), a stupid' looking fellow who said ho ivus iieorly twenlv- ' one years of n»e, informed tho Bench thnt ho had to slay on tho farm whore ho war working all night, although his slaying .thero at night liuie was not u part-of bis agreomont, lho coiiBidurato youth suid'he was asked fo stop to look after tho women folk, " cos tho fairies ivus about." " Froe. eeeulur, and 'com\x=req-\ -pulsory is ■ what the country wants-iifter that. ..A suKTiiY, placed before a powder inaga- ' zmo, sees tho colonel approaoh, smoking an imported Havana cigar. lie presents arms and says, firmly but respectfully, "Pardon me, oolonel, but smoking in not allowed here." . lho colonel, with a Biiperb gesture, flings awuy the cigur, und gives tho faithful sentinel a louia d or.( As soon as ho gets around the\x=req-\ corner tho faithful sentinel, with proud tears -• on '."BSc^.countenanco, picks up tho cigar; and ilmshes it with every manifestation of' '•• delight. . Tiik foo of farmers 1ms mado its appear nnco in somo of the wheat crops at Gilmore, and has also shown itself in some fields ut Tumul Plains ; but in tho latter plaeo (says the Tnmut Timet) the oars of the crops being woll filled, tho insidious enemy will do bub' liltlo damage. A good deal of excitement has lately been caused in Hobart by a mysterious and ghostly form that kept appearing from time to time in .lonely places, frightening womon out . of their senses. On one occasion it attempted to throw a handkerchief over the face of a young girl who was walking out alone in tho evening. A Hobart telegram in the Launccslon JSx* aminer :—" Tho ghost mystery has been tho excitcment of to day (3rd December). It appears that, between 1 and 2 o'clock this morning three constables, who were in Salamdnca'placo, near tho old St. David's Cemetery, noticcd a man standing in tho middto of tho road, and a while figure similar to that which others havo seen, and which Las been called ' the ghost,' on the footpath. The man, who turned out to bo Thomas Novin, the Town Hall-keeper, was arrested, and two of the constables chased tho ghost, who was fleet-footed, but would havo been captured only ono of iho constables fell. This afternoon tho polico committee held an inquiry into tho matter. '.Their proceedings tasted five hours, and a number of witnesses wero oxamincd with a view of elucidating tho mystery. Tho result of their deliberations was that Nevin was held to be to blame, but tho facte adduced were not sufficiently strong to warrant his being prosecuted. It has not been ascertained who the individual is who has been acting the part of the gho9t, but there is reason to hopo that ho will soon bo detected." There I109 been at tho Goulburn lock-up for-'the post few days (says tho Southern Argus) a youngster who rejoices in tho name of. Charles Maxwell. Though the guardian of this fortress of justice (our look-up) has lmd wide experience both in the old country and tho new, and in tho course of his life has met with numberless extraordinary specimens of men, women, and children, ho has not, ho ossurcs us, ever before came across one who has so much surprised him as tho young urchin whom he has at present temporarily confined in one of tho cells, previous to his transmission to the training ship Vernon. This remarkable model of a street Arab huils from Tumut, where he says his mother lives, but as to his father he knows nothing of him. The lad is about eight or nine years old, and though thus a mere child, ho is as inveterate a smoker as if he had been practising for fifty years. - So powerful is the desire of the youth for a' "whiff," that he refused to bo pacified until he got an old clay " dudeen," which as: soon as it was placed at his disposal, together with a limited supply of the weed, he seemed to enjoy a new life, and appeared quite settled down to the loneliness of his | cell. Thcro puffing away he presents a pic-j turo of serenity and quietness, and an ob- j server looking at him doing his smoko would nover beliovo that ho could bellow like a young bull, and be a source of much annoyance :lo all ihoso'around him ; ' however, he roars; and kicks up - a row and will not cab if ho has not the tobacco given him, and for the sake of comfort and quietness this has lo be done, although at-the same time it must grieve the heart of the giver to. boo ..what Wight.bo a good little boy a victim of a habit which in his case will be the forerunner, we fear, of more dreadful and damaging practices. At an early age this lad has fallen a victim to evil influences, .and. unloss by. a miracle he is likely to romnin so during tho rest of his life which it may bo safely said will contain few if any- sweets for. him. THE Melbourne vlf/e of-Friday states, that tho adventures of Mr. Washington Rivers, ■.as the originator of- companies with high-sounding "titles, were-brought under the notice of tlio-Assembly on tho previous .nightjby Mr. . Graves. , The mombcr for, Delatite informed the; House that Mr. Rivers had first become acquainted with the public as a preacher of tho'- gospel and the pastor of a free church. He subsequently became known to famo as one of .1 tho promoters of a co-operative bread eompany. ■ Ho was- also tho cent rul and' shining "light of thoMelbourne Financial Corporation (limited),- and was/.for a time connected with tho Co- operative Dross Association. , Mr. Graves irformod tho House that one company wos floated with a paid-up capital of Ave half-crowns; and the other-with\x=req-\ n capital of seven half-crowns. Miv Rivers, according to"/the articles of association, was provided with , a liandsomo salary, and was only bound to attend at his ,office; for three hours'a day. : To be brief, it appeared from Mr. Graves' .statement that Mr. Rivers . formed a very large proportion of the schemo of things in tho companies formed by; that gentleman. The following casoof snako-bitc is rocordod by tho jBeualla Standard-'OnSaturday morning, December 4, a young woman—Miss Teomuns—Btaying afc Mr. 'Rogers>, Boweya, was bitten by a snoko. Mr. and Miss Rogers; had just st arted for Benalla to seo the crickot matchj.when tho youngr woman named.had her attention directed to the stablo, -whore the.dog andipoultry were making a somewhat unusual noiso. On proceeding thither she discovered -the * cause of the: disturbance, in < the 6hape of a snake—one of tho bluck species —•above five feet in length, Tbo dog (a pet animal; having been brought from homo with the family) was barking furiously at tho animal, and endeavouring to seize it; but Miss Yeomansfearing the result,*courageously attempted to draw tho canine pot away, and '■ • in doing so wos herself set upon by the snake, | who instantly coiled around her arm and; waiBt, and bit her on tho left arm. Even then tho young person did not lose her presence of ! mind j'she clutched tho snake, disengaged it from.her person, and threw it some distance away from her. She tied a ligature abovo the infected part, and then, there being nobody, • else ot home but herself, wulked to a neigh-; hour's, about half a milo. distant, for assistance. At this placo there were three or four 'tmen^each- of whom was unable or unwilling to cut-the punct ured flesh out; so the poor woman, had-to do it in her own way. 1 She . succeeded in 'hacking* her arm about to some extent, and then applied ammonia to Mho part; Sho also swallowed some brandy, •which by good luck was at hand. Mr. Rogers was overtaken, and returned to his 1 friend's assistance ; horses were provided, and the two hastened into Benalla for medical assistance. They arrived in town after riding about 17 miles, which distaneo was travelled in about an hour and a half.* The sufferer dismounted at the door of Mr. M'Burnoy's shop in-a half- fainting condition, but was soon revived. Dr. Nicholson was immediately sent for, and tho young woman was properly attended to; so that sho was enabled to ;proceed uomemiru- in a neamiy condition on Sunday." •mThb following extraordinary account recently appeared under the .bending- of " NoteB and - Comments" in the' Collingwood\x=req-\ Mercury111 Mr. Woollalt, now residing in ; Johnstone-strcet, met with a serious accident, for which he was privately treated, but after suffering relapses, a number of abscesses formed on various ports of his body, and a« liis-means were exhausted, be was recommended by his medical attendant to enter the .Melbourne Hospital. After being an inmate of'the'institution for some time, he was discharged 1 healed.' but time soon proved, not, 'cured.' Shortly after his return home, he became painfully conscious that something | was not all right with his back, and l)r/ Hewlett was called in. This gentleman, anticipating that portions of his bones were splintered and working through the body, ordered the application of poultices on tho region of the pain, and these had the effect of drawing—not bones, gentle reader—but ]3inchcB of indiarubber tubing, of the thick. jiosa of a pipe-stem, from tho poor fellow's buck. Tho tubing had been uboiI to drain tho • abscesses, which, when empty, wero closed up, with 13 inches of piping left inside to irrita<o and injure tho patient. This is a case which came under my own personal observation, and, as I hnve said at tho outset, there is no telling how many cases of neglect occur which are never heard of, of which this • one ii only a sample." " RuronTKits," Sir Stafford Noi'thcoto says, good-humouredly, "are the bane of one's existence. I made a speeeli last night," snid ho recently, at Liverpool, "and being under tho iniluenee of a cold, and expecting that I mitzbt. break down, I thought it but reason\x=req-\ nblo to inform my audience that my dootor, meaning my medical man, bad suggested that I ought not to bo present. To my horror I find that in the leading journal of the British ompiro I am reported to have said that ' my daughter,' and not my doctor, was tho objecting person. [Great laughter.] Now, on the part of my daughter, 1 have to remark tlmt sho mado no such objection ; and on tho part of myself, aB a parent-, I should not havo considered it consistent with my dignity to have consulted her." [Xaugbtor.] 