OPENING OF ALL SAINTS' CHURCH. According to provious announcoment, this church was formally oponod for Divino worship by his Lordship tho Bishop of Goulburn on Sunday last, tho 18th instant. Some timo ago a gonoral description of this elegant church, erected in tho early Normau stylo, appoared in your columns. I will not thoroforo recapitulate these particulars until tho various beautiful dotails of tho sacred building shall bo comploted. Very largo congregations assomblod in tho church on Sunday at tho respective services, and it is^nocdlcss for mo to say that each distinsfc foaturo of tho odifico was groatly admired, but the gonoral offcct will bo wondorfully improved whon tho oast window of stained glass is in position. Ou Sunday morniug, tho Bishop and tho clergy having entered tho church, the servico commonced by tho choir rondoring tho 418 hymn, ' Onward, Christian soldiors.' Thostraius of tho beautiful music boing ouded, tho vicar, tho Rov. G. Sponcor, standing upon a step of ' tho chancel, road to his Lordship tho potition of tho parishonors praying that tho church bo duly liconsed for tho worship of Almighty God ac cording to tho rules aud ceremonies of tho Church of England. Tho Bishop, in reply, road tho liconso which ho granted, and which was duly signed aud sealed with tho Episcopal seal. Tho Bishop thon offered up the prayers appointed for tho occasion, after which tho choir sang tho *? 182th hymn, 44 Como, holy Ghost, Ql! .r 1 c. spii'o.' Tho Rov. Samuel Fox road morriftig . prayer, tho largo congregation joining vory heartily in tho responses. Tho choir rondorcd the musio of Thomas Bridgowator for morning and evoning servico, sot in key A. Tho music and tho singing woro simply porfcet. Tho effect producod by tho rondoring of tho To Deuni was thrilling, only tho character of tho sacred edifico provontod a spontaneous burst of applauso from tho assembly, and tho ladies who so kiudly as sisted on tho occasion doservo tho gratitudo of j tho people. Mrs. Wooden also dis|)layed vory | nico feeling in londinghor harmonium, which 1 possesses greater volume of tono than tho ono in | tho church, for the; occasion. The 433th hymn 1 was thon suug, 41 Tho Church's ouo Foundation.' Tho Bishop thon delivered an earnest, practical discourso, founded upon tho words in tho IV. of Epliesians, and 28 verso, 44 Lot him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that ho may havo to give to him that noodoth.' I11 tho courso of his sormon his Lordship, after speaking in praise of tho noblo church oreetod by tho Augltcaus of Tumut, and bidding thom go forward in tho samo liberal spirit that had marked thoir past caroor, in formed tho congregation that that .was tho ninety-sixth church erected in his dioceso sinco his arrival. Tho Rov. G. Sponcor stated tlio offertory collections on tho day would bo dovoted to tho building fuud. As tho wardens woro a considerable timo collecting tho samo, I antici pate the offorings upon tho day rcachod a hand sotno sum. Tho Bishop dismissed tho congre gation with bonodiction. In tho afternoon tho church was again fillod with worshippers and many old rosidonts not usual attendants; indeed, at all the services mombors of othor churchos woro present. In tho afternoon, as I was obsorving, many old frionds of tho proachor camo. Tho Rov. Samuol Fox took for his text the 9th vorao.of tho 5th of ; « EphoBltinfiT''' ij or tno fruit of tho Spirit is in alj gooduoss, and rigntoousnoss, and truth.' Tho sermon was a thoughtful oxposition of thoso words, and tho dutios of a Christian lifo woro urgod with gontlo earnostnoss and in languago mild and affcotionato. Tho choir sang tho hymn 474, 44 Tho strain upraiso of joy and praise, Alleluia,' very offoctivoly. Throughout tho rospoctivo sorvicos tho Lord Bishop and tho Rov. G. Sponcor assisted roading alternately tho lessons for tho day, and in tho afternoon tho vicar road tho litany. I11 tho ovening tho church was throngod, numbors attonding who had not boon prosont at tho other sorvicos. Tho rondoring of tho cantato by tho choir was soul-inspiriug. Did timo por mit I should like to dilato upon somo of tho beautiful passages. Tho wholo psalm was grandly givon, but tho words, 44 Praiso tho Lord upon tho harp,' &c.;, woro oxquisito, so likowiso in tho Dous Misoreatur, 44 O, lot tho nations,' and 44 God shall bless us,' woro porfoet in har mony. Tho ucoustio proportios of tho odifico boing oxcollont, ovory ono onjoyod to the, full tho music provided by tho choir. Tho Von. Archdoacon. PowiuiU dolivorod a sormou from tho words in* tho' 1 Cor., 15 chap;, and 58 vorso, 44 Thoroforo, my bolovod brothron, be yo stod fast, uniiiovoablo, always abounding in tho work of tho Lord, forasmuch as yo know that your labour is not iu vain in tho Lord.' After tho lato afUiotion which tho Archdeacon has borno, it was no wonder that his discousso was of a solomn character ; still it was full of light, and hopo, and zoal; it otnbracod vory sound theology, insisting that tho huso of a Christian's faith was nn inoontrovortiblo fact ; indood, of throo facts, viz., that Christ diod, that bo was buriod, that bo roso again ; lionco tbo Christian has not to do with a doad Christ, but . with a living Master, aud tbo doduction and couolusion which tho vonorablo i-roachor drow woro omi nontly practical. Tho hymns at tho ovoning sorvico, which woro most appropriately oliosan, as woll as admirably sung, woro tho 490, ' 0, Paradiso,' &c.; ; 490, ' All pooplo that on oarth,' &c.;, aud tho 307, ' Saviour again to thy doar namo wo raiso.' Tho vicar announced tho proooodings to bo transacted on Tuesday, viz., tho laying by Mr. 0\. D. Bardwoll of tbo foundation-stone of tbo presentation towor and spiro, also a tea meoting in tbo Tomporanco Hall at night, to bo onlivonod with music aud spoochos. At this mooting tho fmanciul statomont will bo givon. Tbo sorvicos of last Sunday will long bo romombored by tho Anglicans of Tumut. I forgot to stato tho sorvicos commonced with Iloly Communion at 8 a.m., tho Kov. Mr. Sponcor and Rov. Mr. l?ox officiating. Tho collections amounted to jC.'iU. 