THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) I-: : .PJtMRESSION, OUR IUG1ITS, AND OUR SESOUROEa SANDHURST, FRIDAY, OCT. 15, 1SS0 RELIGIOUS AND MORAL TEACHING. WE have always deemed it a necessiiy-tliat persons undertaking to speak or write on subjects of large public, interest, should at least assure themselves of the correctness of the statements on which their arguments are based. We believe it is one of the first laws of logic, that if the premise is false the conclusion cannot be true. Yet we find this law transgressed repeatedly by persons whose .special duty it i3 to yield to it the utmost attention and obedience. Amongst these are to be found many of those who are opposed to our system of State education. At a meeting of the education section of the Social Science Congress, on Wednesday, a paper was read which had been contributed by Miss Lucy Garrett, of Hobart Town, the subje.cjt being " Can a feasible plan be devised for giving systematic moral education on a. non-scriptural basis V 4-t the commence ment of her essay Miss Garrett complains that the name of tiod lias been banished from the State Schools of Victoria. This is a statement which has been so frequently made that $ large section of the public believe it to be true. We would ask any persons who may be laboring under this im pression to satisfy themselves whether or not it has a foundation in fact. From a number of books in use in the State Schools, we take up ii\e first to hand. It is Morrell's Eng- lish grammar. After turning over a few leaves we come, at page 32, " Graduated exercises," upon the following words "Great are thy works, Jehovah!" and not far back we read, " He makoth the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still." Again, here are quotations from scripture, such, as : " A soft answer turnetk away irrath, etc.," "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall ob tain mercy." Thus, it will be seen that the name of God is not banished, nor the Bible utterly ignored, even in a book in which least of all one might have expected to meet with religious allusions. But now we turn to page 46 of the same book, and we find the Christian religion spoken of a3 follows : -" The Christian religion once here cannot again pass away ; in one or other form it will endure through all time ; as in scrip ture, so in the heart of man, is written ' The gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' " So much for the Grammar. Her.e is a well- thumbed little volume-the Fifth Royal header. It opens of its own accord almost at page 48, This pago contains part of a poem by Montgomery, entitled " A Mother's Love." Here is a verse from it; " Blest infant! whom his mother taught Early to seek the Lord, And poured upon his dawning thought The dayspring of the Word." And further, we are told that she "Thus taught her son to flee the wrath, And know the fear of God." Then again we come upon Byron's fine poem, " The Vision of Bel.sliazzar," and, anon, upon a collection of hymns for recita tion. They open with Holmes' "Address to the Deity," We ha.ye next a " Harvest Hymn," the burden of which runs thus: "All good gifts around us Are sent from Heaven above 5 Then thank the Lord, oh! thank the Lord, For all His love!" Then we have Charlotte Elliot's little psalm "My God and Father. . . Thy will be done," Next, Moore's beautiful and re verential lings commencing The turf shall be my fragrant shrine, My temple, Lord, tnat arch of Thine! We find also " The Rule of (Jod" by Arch- bishop Trench, and Addison's well known lines " The (Spacious Firmament on high." Can Miss Garrett have looked at this Fourth Book ? We think not, £nd we sure tliat a great many hare not, wjio y?.ould readily accept her statement that the a?me of God has been banished from the Stats schools. In the Third Book, opening it quite casually, our memory of the works of that sweet poetess, Mrs Hemans, is refreshed by reading her delightful and instructive verses. " The Better Land." " Far beyoud the clouds and beyond the tomb, It is there, it is there, my child'!" And just one more quotation from page 13S, to show how, in a variety of ways, the great ness and goodness of the Deity are impressed oil the Stjite School children. A descrip tion of a beaver town is given, and this is what the children are told towards tile end, " Like the bird and the bee, the beaver builds his house just as God has taught him." Wo repeat, then, emphatically what we said yesterday, namely, that a child cannot be educated at a State school without acquiring a knowledge of God, and we may add that that knowledge is instilled into their minds, not only in a pleasant way, but in such a manner as to create in their breasts a love and reverence for the Great Architect of the universe. How, then, can well informed and highly intelligent men and women stand up in public and denounce our system of State education as a godless one, when the most cursory examination of the books in daily use in the schools will show that they are wrong? CABLEGRAMS.-The agitation in Ireland for the reform of the land laws is on the increase, and serious disturbances are anticipated. The Government has consequently determined upon seuding additional troops to the west of Ireland, and adopting other repressive measures. Some of the more prominent members of the Land league are to be arrested for using seditious lan guage. At the Cape, theBasutoscontinuetoharass the British, though they have been defeated in several engagements. The marauding incursion of the Kurds into Persia lias caused the Shah to forward a despatch to the Porte, calling upon the latter to take steps to prevent further out rages of the kind by the subjects of the Sultan. GERMAN "VISITORS. -We mentioned a few days ago that the German residents of Sand hurst had decided upon inviting their dis tinguished countrymen, who are at present in the colony in connection with the International Exhibition, to visit Sandhurst. A meeting in connection with this movement was held at the Black Swan Hotel, oil Wednesday evening, at wh ich it was decided that the German and Aus trian Commissioners, and the officers of the Germau ship Nautilus, should be invited to visit Sand hurst on the 2Gth instant-the day before the British aud Foreign Commissioners and members of the Ministry are to be entertained by the City Council-and that they should be enter tained in the evening at a ball aud supper in the Masonic Hall. THE DUTY OX CORNSACIIS AND THRESHING MACHINES.-The deputation appointed by the Farmers' Union Conference to wait upon the Commissioner of Customs, for the purpose of requesting the withdrawal of the import duties on bags and threshing machines, had an interview with the Miuister yesterday. Mr. J. M. Highett, the chairman of the conference, Mr. A. Nicholl, and Mr, J. N. S. Clark, the general secretary of the Union, argued strongly in favor of the abolition of the duties referred to. Regarding threshing machines, Mr. Nicholl urged that notwithstanding the tax there was only one firm manufacturing them in the colony, and whilst English makers were prepared to supply an 8-h.p. threshing machine at the London docks for £3S3 10s, the price of the same machine in the colony was about £G50. Aud with reference to the duty on bags, he rpointed out that this charge on the farmers' industry amounted to 5 per cent, on the value of wheat, aud S per cent. on oats. The Commissioner resisted the re quest preferred, but finally intimated that he would bring the matter under the notice of his colleagues. He was utterly opposed to the pro posal to remove the duty from cornsacks, but as he had not much information regarding thresh ing machines he would make further inquiries, and communicate the result. THE NORTH GOLDEN FLEECE.-As will be seen by a paragraph in our mining columns, this company's lease has been complained against by Mr. Rigby on the 12th inst., and by the original complainants, Messrs. Cutlibert and Slattery, yesterday, despite the decision of the Minister of Mines that he could not forfeit it after having accepted the lease rent. DISORDERLY SCHOOL CHILDREN.-Persons re siding in close proximity to the Quarry Hill State-school complain bitterly of the conduct of the children attending that school, who prove themselves most troublesome. Besides behav ing at times in a moat disorderly manner, they climb fences and enter private gardens; and, it is said, in various ways cause annoyance and do damage. It would be well if an example could be made of some of the older ones, as remon strances on the part of the persons annoyed have proved of no avail. POI.ICI: CHANGES.-Some short time ago re ference was made in these columns to the fact that Sergeant Farrell who had charge of the Eaglehawk police station, had obtained leave of absence, aud that his plfl.ce was temporarily filled by Senior-Constable Gleeson. Since then Sergeant Farrell has received an intimation from hin department asking him to resign his position at the expiry of his leave. It is con sidered probable that Senior-constable Gleeson will now receire the permanent charge of the Eaglehawk station, for which post he is well fitted, being an intelligent, active, and pains taking officer. THE MAIL.-The U.M.S. Malwa arrived at Albany at eleven o'clock yesterday morning. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Edwards and Harkness, Js.P., sat on the bench yesterday. John Meitzcke was fined 40s., or iu default one month's imprisonment, for having behaved iu an insulting manner in a publio place. In the debt case of L. L. Baruett v. W. H. Stewart, an order was made for the payment of £1 16s. aud us. costs. Two other civil cases were ad journed for a week. STREET ROWDYISM,-Tliose youths and young men who make it almost a practice in the even ings to insult people in Pall Mall, must remember that they cannot do so with impunity, as the police are determined to put down rowdyism of all kinds, and are vigilantly on the look out for offenders iu that respect. On Wednesday night two young men were observed by Senior-con stable Barry, walking along the Mall, aud feign ing drunkenness. When nearly opposite the Shamrock, they met two girls, and one of the fellows made a rush towards them and tried to catoh hold of one of tl)em. The two girls rushed from him and took refuge in one of the doorways near at hand, when Constable Barry at once secured the young man, whose name is John Meitzcke, and had him brought before the bench, at the police court, yesterday morning. Tl)e bench marked their displeasure at the young Iraq's ponduct by fining him in the sum of 40s, with the ijJt.eFjiatiye of ft month's impri sonment, ME. ELDERSON SMITH.- Referring to a para graph in our issue of yesterday, we now learn that Mr. Elderson Smith, of tho London Chartered Bank in this city, has been ap pointed acting manager of that bank's Echuca branch, aud will leave for his new sphere of duty about the end of the mouth. We are also informed that there is no foundation whatever for the statement made by a contem porary to the effect that the services of other officers of the bank's Sandhurst staff have been dispensed with. RUNAWAYS.-A sensation was caused at the Beehive yesterday by a horse bolting out of the passage leading from M'Kenzie's stables, into the Mall. The horse's hind legs were entangled in the Harness, which probably accounted for the disturbance in his equanimity. In the Mall he nearly collided with the cabs at the stand on the Reserve side of the street, and a further bolt among them appeared imminent. The animal then effected a speedy clearance of the crowd assembled in front of the Verandah, and made for three, carts which stood in front of the Cash Store. Here his course was blocked, but a stampede was caused among the horses and carts above mentioned. The runaway then tripped up by the harness about his legs, and immedi ately several persons ran to the rescue. Some seven or eight persons, all of whom were generals on the subject, and were profuse in their directions, lent assistance, and the animal was induced to be led quietly away. No harm resulted from the bolt, but the results might have been vastly different had it occurred at a time whan the street was more thronged with peopie. Another bolt occurred about 11 o'clock yesterday morning previous to the arrival of the Echuca train. A young horse attached to Cobb and Co.'s waggonette, which was wait ing to bring down the mails, took fright, and bolted off towards the firm's stables in Mollison street. A young man named Williams, who was in charge, ran out to stop the animal, and caught hold of one of the shafts, which he clung to until the trap had reached Mitchell-street, when he was thrown down on the road, and received some nasty bruises, which will lay him up for a few days. The horse made to the stables, where it arrived, no damage being done to the vehicle. MINISTERIAL VISIT TO KERANG.- At the in vitation of the Swan Hill Shire Council and the Kerang Railway League, the hon. Graham Berry Chief Secretary, will visit Kerang, on the 22ud inst. He will be accompanied by the hon. J. B. Patterson, Minister of Railways, the hon. R. Richardoop, Minister of Lands, and probably by the lion. Q. D. Jjaagrjdge, Commissioner of Public Works. The party will |e?ye JSaglehawk on the evening of J)'riday, 22hd inst, and will proceed via Raywood, Yallook, and Pyramid Hill. The members for Mandurang will, it is probable, aleo I ]}i) iu THE DUST NUISANCE.-Owing to tlio high wind which prevailed yesterday, clouds of dust were very prevalent. Tile nuisance was averted to a great extent iu the town by the use of the water cnrts and hydrants, but in the outlying streets no such remedy was applied. The water cart, stationed ill a yard on the Irmbark Hill, near Rae's school, could be used.with ad vantage iu watering the main road to Kaglelniwk, parti cularly between Sandhurst and Long Gully. PROBATE. - Probate was granted in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, yesterday, to the will of the late Mr. Thomas Higiubotham, Engineer-in-Chief of Railways. The value of the estate was sworn at £21,033. We learn from the Herald that the testator bequeathed his entire property to his brother, His Honor Mr. Justice Higiubotham, during his life, and after bis death to Mrs. Higiubotham, aud ultimately to her children on their attaining the age of 21 years. The testator died unmarried. V. R.C. RACKS.-The final acceptances for the .Melbourne Cup to be run for on Tuesday, the 2nd of November, were made yesterday, aud as will be observed in another column, are much below the number which accepted last year, the list being reduced to thirty-seven runners, a dozen or more of which will probably fall out before the day of the race. The most notice able absentees are Sweetmeat (who has been under .a cloud for some time on account of an accident), Sir Joseph, and threeof Wilson'ahorses, viz., Yardely, Western Princess, and Constance. The general entries for the various events were also made aud appear in another column, being generally up to the average of previous years. There has beeu uo material change in the Cup betting; Lord Burghley remains first favorite at S to 1, with Progress and Mata close up. Fan Bias, who was reported to have gone wrong, hardened considerably in the betting yesterday when it became known that the report was without foundation. Pawnbroker, a represen tative from South Australia, is well supported, and is greatly pleasing the touts in his training at Plemington. For the Derby, Grand Fla neur still retains top place, despite the fact that if the ground hardens to any extent before the day of the race he is likely to suffer from his feet. Trevallyn is receiving some honest support, the sporting contributor for the Sydney Town and Country pinning his faith to him to carry the prize across the border. Progress, who is evidently Wilson's horse for tlio Derby aud Cup, is saved by the " talent," and backed heavily by the stable, but the ways of this stable are dark, as witness the Feu de Artifice Briesiscoup-and not a few fancy that Respite will win the Derby, and a demonstration in favor of South Hamilton for the Cup by his stable would quickly send him to very short odds. TIIE CALIFORNIA GULLY OUTRAGE.-Although diligent inquiries have been made by the Eagle hawk police, no trace has been discovered of the scoundrel who endeavored to commit a capital offence upon a little girl at California Gully, on Sunday night last. In the common interests of humauity it is to be hoped the culprit will not be able to evade capture. TIIE WEATHER.-A fine southerly breeze, which blew yesterday afternoon, rendered the temperature of an exceedingly pleasant charac ter. Towards evening, however, it had the effect of causing it to be somewhat chilly, and the night wan rather cold. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph aud Co's., Pall Mall, as follows :-9 a.m., 59°; 12 a.m., 73°; 3 p.m., Go°; G p.m., 55°; maximum, 7G°; minimum, 43°. Barometer: 9 a.m., 29'4S0; G p.m., 29'420. PICKWICK CLUB ENTERTAINMENT. - Last night the Pickwick Club gave an eutertaimneut to the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum aud Industrial Schools. The room was filled to overflowing. The first part of the entertainment consisted of the opeuiug chorus from "Pinafore " by tho members of the club. This was very well rendered. Mr. F. Macoboy sang " The Tar's Farewell." After this the laughable farce of "The Rival Artists " was acted, the parts beiug filled by Messrs Hemming, Hobson, and Arm strong. Miss O'Sullivan was heard to advantage in the "Last Rose of Summer," and Mr. Carss sang "Rock the Cradle, John." Mr H. Marks' comic lecture on "The Tender Passion" pro voked loud bursts of laughter, and Mr. G. Pallett sang "The Man of Many Names." This part of the entertainment was brought to a close by Mr. G. Baiu giving an amusing illustra tion of his ventriloquial powers, 'assisted by his funny figures, Michael and Bridget. The second part of the evening's amusement consisted of the amusing comedietta, " A cup of tea." Miss O'Sullivan and Messrs. Macoboy, Marks and Armstrong sustained the characters, and acquitted themselves of their several parts in a very creditable manner. On the motion of Mr. J. Ellison a hearty vote of thanks was acoorded by acclamation to tho members of the club. Mr. Macoboy responded on behalf of the club," and stated that the members would be only too happy to appear at any time for the entertain ment of the inmates. They intended to give periodical entertainments at the institution in future. A most pleasant evening was spent by all present, aud the efforts of the members of the club seemed to meet with th6 hearty apprecia tion of the inmates, both old and young, SANDHUKST HOSPITAL SUNDAY.-The last rehearsal tor the above by the united choirs and others, assisted by members of the Volunteer, Hallas's, aud Butler s string bauds, with Mr. Wellborn as organist, took place at the Masonic Hall last night; the whole programme was rendered in a manner both pleasing and effective. We are requested to remind members of the chorus and band, that it is desirable they should be in their seats at a quarter to three o'clock, before the crush of neople surround the plat form. THE LATE .RAILWAY ACCIDENT,-Referring to the accident that happened on the railway line, near Castlemaine, the M. A. Mail says [ that, on the little girl, who was run over being picked up, " it was found that she was a little girl five yearn of age, and daughter of Mr, Q'Hal loran, c. late employe at the gaol, who resides in the vicinity of where the accident occurred. She was immediately taken to the hospital, where it was found that she had a broken thigh and a wound on the forehead. Late last night our re porter found the little sufferer in a quiet sleep, aud learned that the wound in the head is not considered to be dangerous. Mr. O'Halloran seems to be unfortunate in the way of accidents as, only a short time ago, we bad to chronicle a mishap whereby one of his children nearly had the fingers severed from one hand by an axe." LOCAL INDUSTRY.-The Age, in noticing the exhibits of leather in the Victorian Court, at the International Exhibition, says :-" Messrs J. H. Abbott and Co., of Bull-street, Sandhurst, show a complete and valuable assortment of oolouially tanned and ourried work, which is especially noticeable for the excellent manner in which the leathers have been tanned. The collection in cludes the following articles :-Heavy belting and belt lacing, black and brown harness leather, hobble, brown and stained bridle leather, rein, ha" and skiit leather, coach lining, collar wale ana oollar lining, alumea hide, kip, waxed and grained oalf, bellows leather, kangaroo and heavy crop sole leather, kangaroo aud other mats. The specialities of the firm are the brown and stained bridle hides and backs and black harness leather. Mr. J. Cunnaeh, of Uastlemaine, is also an exhibitor. His assortment includes black and buggy harness, black rein, belt, kip, yearling, large calfskins and crop Bides and butts, jn the preparation of which care l)^s been exercised, although there is nothing new or unique in their appearauoe." SINGULAR OCCURRENCE.-The following is re ported in the St. Arnaud Mercury as having taken place at Lake Coorooag one day last week:-"It appears that a Mr. Auders, a selec tor at Lake Cooroong, kept ferrets, probably for the purpose of rabbit extermination, and on the day in question Mrs. Auders went out for the purpose of obtaining some wood or water, leav ing her infaut asleep in the cradle. During her absence one of the ferrets got out of its cage and attacked the child, fastening on to its face. When the mother returned the animal was suck ing the blood of the poor innocent, and the effects are such that the recovery of the child is considered quite hopeless." SfifpN-SEs's Or ERA COMPANY.-1The season of six nights' opera to he given in this city by SiraousenV Royal EuglisE and Italian Opera Company promises to be a great success, On Monday evening, 25th instant, the company will make their first appearance in Sandhurst in Donizetti's grand opera, "Lucrezia Borgia." Tho bo* plan will be opened at Evans' this morning, and as there baa been a large demand for tiokets, subscribers will do well to secure their seats at once. A SPURIOUS VERSE IN THE BIBLE.-The Age reports that the annual sermon in connection with the Congregational Union and Mission was preaphed pf) \Yednesday night, in the Collins street Independent Giutrib, by the Rev. Samuel Hebditch, before a large audience'," The rsy. gentleman chose for his text the Eirst Epistle to St. John, v. 10. He delivered an eloquent discourse, in which he regretfully alluded to the scepticism of tho ago. He pointed out that there were many great truths that carried with them the evidence of their verity. We needed no record to tell us that God had placed the sun in our system, for evidence of the fact, and the fact went together. So too the great troths of religion were revealed to us by "the reoord that God gave his Son," and as we were not left without a wit ness we were left without exoase. During the delivery of the sermon Mr. Hebditch read verses six and eight of the "chapter from which he had quots'd his test. '? You will observe," he said,. ."'th§.t I Jjavo'omitted'verse seven. You will hardly be' startled' at jjjy doing so, for it is now generally acknowledged th^t ft is spurious." The words of the seventh verso are; ''For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one." The fact thus mentioned had long been known to scholars, bat at the present time the British and Foreign Bible Society print and publish the verse without note or comment, and it goes forth to the unlettered publio as part of a divinely inspired 5?°% ARRESTED ON WARRANT.-A man named Samuel Oliver was arrested on warrant at Goor noiig yesterday, by Mounted-constable McBride, on a charge of deserting bis illegitimate child. The arrest was effected at the instance of the mother of the child, Alice Gibson. The defend ant was brought to Sandhurst by the evening train and lodged in the lockup. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.-An inmate of the Bendigo Hospital named Thomas Wilson, 78 years of age, died yesterday from cancer of the stomach. Ha was admitted into the institution on the 1st September. RAILWAY EXTENSION,-The Horsham Times savs :-" We learn upon undoubted authority that, so far as the Government is concerned, the railway exteusion from Horsham to Dimboola has been definitely decided upon, and further, that the Railway department has chosen Hor sham as the terminus or junction town of the Winimera district. We further learn that it is expected that tile permanent survey of the Dimboola line will be commenced early next week. The party which is to make the perma nent survey is now engaged in surveying a abort line from Ballarat to the Ballarat racecourse. This is to be finished during the present week, and the party will then proceed to the AVim mera to commence the survey of the Dimboola line." MESSRS. BUICK AND CO.-Yesterday's Argus has the following :-As the position of a largo drapery firm in the country has been made the subject of comment, further silence on the mat ter would probably do more harm than good. It is with regret, therefore, that we have to mention that the well known and long- esta blished firm of Messrs. James Buick and Co., of Sandhurst and Ballarat, have found it necessary to consult their creditors. Owing to great de pression in . business, they applied to their principal English creditors privately for an ex tension of time, which request, for reasons which at the moment are not quite clear, has not met with that prompt response which their lengthened dealings reasonably entitled them to expect. They have, therefore, decided to sub mit their position to their principal creditors, and a meeting will be held to-morrow (Friday) afternoon. The liabilities amount altogether to about £80,000, of which only about £10,000 are to the warehouse trade here, and £40,000 to English creditors. In July last the firm showed a surplus of nearly £30,000. The Telegraph states that the firm's liabilities amouut to £78,000, of which, however, only £10,000 will effect colonial houses. PIGEON FLYING.-A correspondent of the Herald states:-"Two Antwerp pigeons be longing to a well-known Melbourne gentleman were despatched from Rochester on Tuesday morning at 8.50 a.m., and arrived in Melbourne at 11.5 a.m., making the duration of transit two hours fifteen minutes. The distance from Ro chester to our city is 139 miles, which the birds journeyad, as may be seen, in less than a mile per minute,, and I have no hesitation in writing that this rapid flight is unequalled in the annals of pigeon racing in Victoria." DUTY ON GRAIN.--Referring to Wednesday's sittings of the. Farmers' Union conference the Argus says :-The chief feature of the proceed ings was the unanimity with which the delegates scouted the proposal of the Kyneton branch to ask for the imposition of protective duties on feeding grains and sheep and cattle. Each and every one expressed his conviction that as the farmers are now producing food for export, their interests lay in being placed in a position to produce as cheaply as possible, and all were agreed that the removal of the protective duties on agricultural implements, was advisable. MH, SERVICE.-It is understood in political circles (the Argus says) that the Hon. James Service will leave for the mother country early in the new year. Mr. Service has long been contemplating a visit to Europe, but has post poned his departure hitherto in consequence of public events. The Telegraph says the proba bility at present is that the hon. gentleman will carry out his desire, though this depends on intervening events, which may or may not pre vent his doing so. THIS EDUCATION ACT.-The Minister of Edu cation, accompanied by Mr. Langdridge and several members of Parliament, on Wednesdey vi.=ited Morwell, for the purpose of opening a new State school. At a banquet held in the evening, Mr. W. Collard Smith criticised the address delivered by the Bishoo of Melbourne at the Social Science Congress upon State educa tion, and (the Age reports) declared that the people of Victoria were determined to maintain that system in its integrity. The unanimity of Dr. Moorhouse and Sir John O'Shanassy was wonderful, but let those gentlemen and the representatives of other denominations agree together upou a scheme cf Biblical instruction to be given in State schools, and he would not bo unwilling to consider it. He believed that year by year the opposition to the act would decrease, and that in the next generation we should find children of all denominations learning in the State schools. A DESPERATE AFFRAY.-A desperate affray took place on Tuesday morning at Toongabbie. The Sale correspondent of the Argus reports that Edward Freeman, a colored man, went to the selection of Timothy Hogan to recover a colt belonging to him that had trespassed on Hogan's laud. The latter declared he would impound it, and threatened to do for Freeman if he came inside the gate. Freeman ignored the threat, and in the scuffle that ensued, Hogan stabbed him severely in the stomach, inflicting a wound 2 inches long, through which the entrails protruded. Freeman felled Hogan to the ground, broke one of the bones of his arm, and would doubtless have finished him but for the inter ference of a bystander. Airs. Hogan took part actively with her husband against the negro. Hogan rode into Rosedale, and sought to have Freeman arrested, without telling his part in the affray, but meanwhile a constable from Toongabbie followed, and arrested him. Both men were brought into Sale this evening, Hogan being taken to gaol and Freeman to the Hos pital. An advertisement in another column announces that the All Saints' Fancy Fair Art Union will be drawn on the 27th inst., and that other articles remaining on sale will be disposed of at the school room. 