I C Hit I ST MAS AT SEFTON HOUSE". I Chapt tb. L Slic iv a a a coquette indeed and in very uutk. Heart and soul ehe looked the I character as she knelt on tlie billiard-room I fi-.-or with her crimson dress trailing aiuuL the evergreens heaped around, aud her hands, white and supple, twisting I deftly into shapes fantastic red berries I andihoruy leaves, and dull-white berried I mistletoe, as Francis Wittaker handed them. She was bewilderingly pretty t reeling there, with her laughing, piqa- aote face, flashing from one to another of 1 attendant knights ; and she chattered and chaffed, never still, so that now and ag«a envious eyes of girts, jnst as useful, v - Pciated, turned to suggest wlth£"nS little sarcasms that their object never heedei. a finished this wreath for the chandelier, l'a thinking of beginning, o decorate you, Mr. feefton," she said dicing op at the taii hghre ofierhoBt, caning lazily against the window's side, wd watching her. "The fountain and L a . tbe 0!llj idIe aai silent things consequently, . you ynnnfc bo «n 8etbet and tteatea alike:" - _ ire furniture and myself! It isfliU nP f you to give . the furniture priority. I don't think Z shall . object father to the treatmeht-nt your ,e 'id, in his slow, grave tones. banal cWtli; P?rtaP!» won't be homebody s lea artistic can manage each adomm4nv!f Idaresay. Homebody who will like u& Mutation better, yon know." 41 Yes exactly." . . .. Then Clara SeIwell llS3zi her finished wreath, and roi&J;||lbgthe scattered bits from her iKnfcmg 1 about for her bat. . | " I must go into tfia -ftrkJar. some more mistletoe. Whb-yolnnteetsV' to come too ! It is awfally cold." Her bright eyes glanced at Mr. Sefton, almast, it seemed, with a shade of wistfiil- ness in their lovely darkness that he could not have seen, for he made no J movement or reply as Mr. Whittaker started forward eagerly—" Let me wrap j yon np well, Miss Selwell ; it is a catting j wind, as yon say." j "I did not say I wanted that blan- 1 ket affair." She tossed aside the shawl he pntasidnonsly round her shoal- j dera. "No wind can get through this 1 drees of mine. Where is the basket!" | She picked it np and ran away. j i Mr. Sefton stopped her at the hall j noor, with the rejected shawl in bis hands. ' 1 ""Excubb me, Miss Selwell, I cannot let .yon go oat in the cold like this with- j but this wrap, or another,' "if yon have any preference." ! You have nothing to do with the j «jwug, -outs aaugoeu, nuu IUOACU an BUD. I "I go " In this shawl," putting it ronnd her iarelessly. j " Without it, decidedly !" flinging it J town, and opening the hall door swiftly. i "Perveree child!" His hand closed | er iter's, as his strength shot the door | spite of her determination. " What a I 1 ie to be wilful about 1" '' Mr. Whittaker," she turned, a little j fiwed, and very pretty, to Mr. Whit- appearing duly prepared for the e4dition -in ulster, hat, and basket of j Static dimensions, "shall we go out at J toqde door, if yon don't - mind ! There j apflra to he some little" difficulty in opefcg (his one." | ' ae difficnlty applies to each mode j of rasa, under present circumstances," j mr. eiton smiled, and his srnue was a roreWm, lighting np into absolnte kswibiiB grave, dark, face, irritating bamclara now beyond endurance. "n forbid your guests passing throviyour doors except at your fanci- . f ul plhre 7" I Sh»ept round npon him in scathing msjest " Spittle thing 1 I intend, if in my -power tea, to prevent doctors' entrances and yembsence from Christmas Eve -festivitil A bad cold is an nnromantic thing, ylnow." . I " I yi\to compulsion, so far as step- j ping thWi this door is concerned." j She tunper pretty shonlders, with a j shrug, to Live the shawl. " Ton can j watch at trindow, and see if X wear it outside, ifL like." j " Unlesfa promise to do that, I am sony to sav can't go for this pleasant j ramble." 1 " It will Ira dark to see the mistletoe if we argue Amuck longer," Mr. Whit- j taker's langdrawl struck in. j " May - 1 fi you another wrap, Miss j Selwell 1 I W think yon ought to J wear one, youjw." " If you reahjnk go, and will kindly fetch a black Hying just within thej billiard-room a I will certainly wear j it." V The girl tuny, him, sweetly smil ing, and he dart triumphant look at j his rival, whota the door open quietly as Clara kped herself np and j passed through, fehtily ignoring his I low words, that Ueard plainly never- j titleless. " YoarlDfls must rejoice I that there is one erity you feel dis- posed to obey." 1 J Hie mistletoe 1 have been very scarce, or intenselKcalt to procure, j for oat in the bfaorth wind the searchers for it lira until evening shades had qnite hit jt from view.; and tea had comehfl was nearly consumed before twqty figutea, arm in arm, and one 1. basket, came I slowly np the drive,|ten a bright j defiant face looked inyg the resting j decorators. I ' | " We have not gott, mistletoe," J — the yonng lady cookced out the J very insignificant spray4d about the bottom of the basket Yf we have j had a charming search r " The latter fact nay accounts j for the first," her hosted negli- j gentiy. - - 1 1 Mr. Whittaker came oi whispered j something. \ j Clara crimsoned deefLg shook her head. i j "No.; please don't slytbing — yet" Mr. Sefton caughtlply. «i don't want any tea, thmg, Miss Sefton. I will be gettinorith my wreaths again, I think." 1 j She went away to heifct place j by the window, and there, 1 feeble I light of one candle, toilemgbt on Without word or sound, eifow and then a whisper to Frandjt taker, j who had taken his place fo side again ; and her cousin, Lainls, tbe j unappreciated damsel wna been I sarcastic before, remarked other 1 tea -imbibers '-how the tw&mble; had taken away Miss SelwAits while from among the merZp by j the fiie Mr. Sefton's eyes ffnow and again over there to tiSrting j figure and the graceful dan the candle's light kept catching the gong to dress for dinner sou j Christmas Eve came brigttsun I and frost upon the completedUona j satisfied eyes regarded. 1 " Is any one too afraid of ared j for the dance this evening to Br a j ride this afternoon!" Mr. S&edJ; nftpr luncheon ; and two or tUcea J declared that they should deligEde I above all things; mid a chorojera j said they were certain the ilhe j Urge pond must bear; and ftaeir J duty to try it 1 1 " To which party do you beHBs j Selwell ¥' I . Mr. Sefton encountered hiapfct j in the hall, and tasked the courtis- tion, at which she nnaccountabafi j rfldjUnd stammered, !" To neitiie%, J Mt Sefton. I intend J going £» J to tell yon the tenth." - > T " Not alone; Barely !" 11 «I don't imagine many of thSl will feel disposed to give np thelj or skates to hnmonr my eccentri.® "I think I could name one whrl enoio" thrbw aside far more imm mattea for the duuice of teh ra talk withHias Sri well," 1 | Under his low, meaning tones, his | dark eyes bent npon hers, her face changed again, thongh she langhed easily enough. | " Mr. Whittaker is the one individual | of bad taste, I know. Whom the other | can be is mystery." " Entirely mystery ? Guess once !" I His hands touched hers, Testing on the balustrade, unconsciously, as it were. " No ; such a conceited thing to do ; so humiliating, too, if one guesses wrong, as of courae I should," And then a soft rnstle came npon .them, and Mrs. Wells, | Clara's aunt, glanced at the hands touch- I ing still. ""Clara, we are ril . getting ready. Yon I are coming dear I" ehe said, in her false, smooth tones. "Not with yon," said her niece, brusquely. "Mr. Whittaker ia coining with us, I believe — naturally, I concluded." " Yes ; I know exactly your conclusion. Mr. Whittaker and t are going for a stroll in the woods, aunt, instead — mistletoe hunting, perhaps again." She flashed her bright, saucy glance at her aunt, as she fluug the words over her shonlders, and ran np-staiis. She never looked at Mr. Sefton, who was turning away when Mrs. Wells laid her hand con fidentially on his arm. " I . can't find ont from Clara — dear, 1 wilful girl — if she and Mr. Whittaker are properly engaged or no. Of courae I know they will be eventually, or I should not permit such intimacy now ; but Clara is reserved, so unlike my own dear child, who telle me everything. I know Laura's eveiy thought" " That is very nice indeed," be returned absently. Daylight was over, and equestrians and skaters alike loitered over tea and gossip, nntil the all-important dressing for the ball should begin. As Mr. Sefton came slowly riding alone across tbe park, from his steward's house, — where he had been unexpectedly detained behind the rest of his party, — voices in unmistakable altercation reached him, loudly borne on the clear frosty air, from a clump of trees on his left One seemed familiar, a ringing, half-foreign accent, belonging to the doctor newly come | into the neighbourhood. Dr. Singer was half a German and a I peculiarity. He seemed terribly excited now, and aa his threatehings rose and fell, and thesecoudnian's voice chimed in with more suppressed "but hot the less passion in its tones, Mr. Sefton sparred forward to prevent possible violence But before he could reach the spot; someone elss had interposed — a woman's voice, sweet and clear, whose words he could not distin guish, as they were uttered in German, bat whose inlonationssnggested command and entreaty. Then ont from the trees Doctor Singer came tumultuously, with his awkward gait and near-sightedness, passing Mr. Sefton, without knowledge of his presence, so closely, that his own identity was unmistakable, and the other two voices— a man's and a woman's — still arguing, as it seemed, died away invisibly. When Mr. Sefton rode round and among the trees, there was no living crea ture to be seen anywhere. The last of the gloaming was dying away, and a frosty mist creeping op. Horse and rider, in their ranid nace I home through the shivering air, were I almost npon a slight, dark figure, flitting along the grass, before either perceived it ; then the former, swerved suddenly, and the latter springing from hiB saddle, exclaimed, in ntter astonishment; " Miss Selwell, what accident has occasioned your being alone so far from the house I at this time of evening !" "It is no accident," she returned, coldly, and still walking on. "I love nothing better than being out in the winter's gloaming. I feel poetical, you know." " It- is a poetry tbe indulgence in ' which I should never permit any yonng lady over whom I had any authority." "It is fortunate, then, there is no yonng lady in that unhappy plight Pray, why would you object to itf "Why should I object to a young girl's roaming unattended, after daylight in a park with public thoroughfares like this f For the sake of her own safety, one reason." " That reason does not apply to me. I am perfectly competent to take care of myself under any circumstances." She was speaking rapidly with a cer tain amount of confusion in her manner, saying words without choosing them, as it were, for the purpose of preventing others that her companion might have nttered ; and she had never looked at him since he had riling his horse's bridle over his arm and'walked by her side. "Pardon me," he answered her last assertion, gravely. " No young lady can trnthfhlly declare that Will yon grant me favonr now i" " What !" "Tbe promise that during the re mainder of yonr stay here yon will never again roam so far without escort after sunset. Under escort, indulge poetical tastes as yon like" " I am sorry that is a request I do hot feel disposed to grant. Companionship destroys the' poetical beauty entirely. It is all gone now," she added, pointedly. " Possibly. Nevertheless, if you will not grant me the favour, I muBt issue I the command." I "As many as you like. They will ! make no difference." i She bent carelessly to rearrange her train's fastening. ! "I do not ask it causelessly. Hub very evening yon might have encountered a fright, if nothing more, if yonr rambles | had extended a few yards farther. As I passed the little plantation .near the gate, ; two men were qaarrelling fiereely. This is a lawless neighbourhood, anyone will' tell yon." Even in that dim light he could see how. she started, and how pale she turned. "Two men fighting ! Did you really see them ! What were they like I" - she gasped. "I did not see ; I beard — or, rather, I saw one after the fray was over. Hie other— — " "What was the one like that yon saw?' she interrupted, in her haste. " A man in this neighbourhood— a rhhti I fcndw. Wh«e la yonr bravery mow, iluld I" , ! ;He took herhandandpaaied it throngh Ins arm, to giM the support she re» |qnfred,.for ita.wMy.trembling. , : '' YouWleSfitS'atihe mere account ifwhat you mit have see o. Own that Sn one solitary instance I am more com- betent to judge for yon than yon for yourself and give me the promise I re quire," " I own the one instance — the excep tion that proves the rule, you know." Her bewildering eyes glanced sancily in to bis. But promises are things I detest. I can't give you one. I should be sure to want to break it if I did" " Mr. Whittaker, I understood, was to be your escort this afternoon. What did you do with him ?" "Oh, we went out together; but — but we tired of each other, I suppose, or we took fancies to contrary ways." - He looked a little puzzled ; but they were entering the blaze of light shed from the house, and there was do time to follow the subject. " Your programme for this evening is not filled already, I hope f" He arrested her hand on the door bell. " Almost. Most of the people anxious to dance with me entreated the honour days ago," she langhed. Almost means hope. Do yon think I am not anxious to dance with you 1 Look straight in my face — as you never do if you can possibly avoid it, by the bye ! Now tell me — should I care if yon danced with every man in my house to-night except myself !" She flashed nerfectlv rrimsnn anrt Uia hand still resting on the door-bell shook it a little ; but her dark eyes gave a mirthful glance up, nevertheless. " Not much. I fancy you have a mind above trifles." " It depends on what you call trifles. It does not seem a trifling thing to me just now that I am to have no chance of word or look from yon throughout this evening." His tone sank dangerously low ; his eyes bent dangerously near — searching, speaking, disconcerting the more the closer they came. Clara dared not look into them ; then, as she pulled a mighty peal that brought the footman in indig nant haste, she whispered carelessly, " I haven't quite promised the third valse, I remember. If you really care for it, I promise it to you. ' And yet, wheu the music for that third valse struck np, and Mr. Sefton's eager eyes flashed ronnd for the rose- coloured silk and the dark, piqnante face, they were not in the ball-room — they were not in the conservatory, nor hall, nor tea-room, nor anywhere among the other gay dresses and faces. And the mosic ended, and struck up again, and ended once more, before Clara came gliding across the hall on Francis Whit- taker's arm. She slipped her hand from it and sat down on the first seat that came near ; and as Mr. Whittaker passed on, Mr. Sefton approached her. " Thanks for breaking your promise," he said. She looked up uncompreheodingly a moment, then said quickly, ' Your valse, do you mean 1 It is not over, surely 1" " Surely yon are over-acting uncon sciousness just a little, he retorted, almost rudely. The valse you promised me was three dances ago." " I am awfally soriy. I had no idea, really. I have been strolling id. the garden, and I never heard the music," she stammered, rnclrinp leaves from the bouquet she held. "Don't destroy those poor flowers utterly. Mr. Whittaker's society was too poetically absorbing for music or memory to be heard. I understand." " Indeed, you don't. Mr. Whittaker's society is entirely an idea of your own. I have been strolling alone." He langhed sceptically " Excuse me I saw yon enter the terrace together." " Very likely. I met him just outside as I was coming in." " It sounds a curions fancy for a young lady whom I have heard aver that she loves nothing so well as dancing, to quit the ball-room, music, and partners for a lonely stroll (lasting some three-quarters of an hour) in frost and darkness." She stood up facing him then, flushed and angry. "Do you mean that sarcasm to in sinuate that I have just told you a false hood, Mr. Sefton %" "It is impossible to doubt a lady's word," he said carelessly. " You are horrible ! ' she returned, vehemently. " I was goiug to offer you another dance to make np for my mis take. You certainly shall not have it i now." "You will give it to Mr. Whittaker," he laughed. " Yes," she said, proudly forcing back tears he could not see ss she bent over her bouquet again. "I will give it to Mr. Whittaker, who— who is a gentleman, at any rate." "The insinuation ia yours now, Miss Selwell. Iu what particular way do I fail to be a gentleman, may I ask." " In every way," she nttered, passion ately, as Laura Wells came gracefully towards them. " Mr. Sefton," that young lady began, in her affected voice " 1 have a petition to present from the greater number of yonr guests. Will you grant it ?" " I should prefer hearing it first," he smiled. " It is that on Boring Night (the day after to-morrow, yon know), we may have amateur theatricals after the dinner party yon spoke of. Do say yes, and make us ever grateful," — clasping , her hands, and gazing up in a manner be seechingly irresistible. " If all my gnests say yes, I, of course echo it," he replied courteously. " You say you speak in the name of all, Mi«« Wells!" " All of any importance," she laughed. " Would yon like tbe idea, Miss Sel well!" Her host raised his voice as Clara was 1 earing them. " It is a matter of indifference to me. as my. opinion is to the matter." . She turned her head coldly to answer, and her ennsin whianpred nweptlo to Mr Sefton, "She is evidently in one of her tempers. Yon can't imagine, Mr. Sefton, what little things put her into them. Mr. Whittaker is danoing with someone else — that is the reason, I imagine now. Clara is faacfat to live with, l assnre you, on account of her temper." "Yon and your mother are species of martyra, X take it,", he arid drily. "Almost, really. She comes of age next year, but whether she will still in sist npon living with ns after, that I don't know. Yon Bee, we ore her only relations." ; " "'Foot girl T,, '' But whether the remark epplied to Clara or Laura, it was impossible to determine, Laura kept her host by her side for some time after that on the pre text of discussing dresses and arrange ments for the proposed theatricals, and her mother sweetly congratulated her as the evening closed. My darling, yon are catting ont , Clara, I think." The Christmas joy-bells were ringing ! sweet and clear over the frost-bonnd land as Clara Selwell came down to breakfast Through the windows shone the white-spangled shrubs and grass glittering in the sun, while beyond lay the dark rim of water, solid. Inside, the fire leaped and crackled, the silver and china gleamed, the urn hissed, and fragrant tea and coffee scented the room. Noiseless servants bronght in the tempt ing smoking viands, and ronnd the table gathered awe-strnck faces and voices hashed. " Whatever is the matter !" Clara asked, as she glanced aronnd them. . " Oh, don't aril ; it is too terrible !" said Laura Wells, hiding her face in her delicate ringed hands, and speaking faintly. So near, us, and a person we know !" " it is a murder committed last night, within half a mile of this spot, Miss Selwell" Mr.' Whittaker turned, in his languid attention, to enlighten Clara's wondering face, that turned white as ashes as he uttered the words and, -with a little cry, she flung her hands over it, after Laura's style. "A person we know !" she faltered. "Well, by sight. That doctor — half a German, you know, whom we have constantly met riding abont in the park and roads. By the way, he came here too, one day — saw him myself — to see one of the servants, or something. Per haps you weren't in the house at the time ¥' " Go on !" She took down one hand to cling with it to a chair before her. "What a tragic attitude!" whispered her cousin spitefully. " So natural and unstudied isn't it, Mr. Sefton ? Go on Mr. Whittaker; there is the worst to came, fltid. nf rnniwA unn nra I-Iia nmnar person to break it to this fear-stricken listener." " Well, some workmen pasting down the lane outside this park, you know, this morning, found Dr. Singer — that is his name, isn't it 7 — lying dead under a hedge, stabbed in two or three places, and quite cold, with signs of a violent stroggle having taken place all about, and — " " You are making it unnecessarily hor rible," Mr. Sefton interposed quickly, as, with one low cry she could not have repressed to save her life, Clara sank, half on, half off the chair she was leaning against. Bnt she recovered herself al most instantly, as the surprised guests clustered around, and got np and took her seat, white as her collar, but, through a mighty effort of will, perfectly calm. " It does sound horrible !" she said, trying hard to use her natural voice. " Have they any suspicion ? Any trace of the — the murderer "Have some breakfast before you hear any more of the revolting subject," Mr. Sefton suggested in his quiet, grave tones. " Such a morning greeting might well upset stronger nerves than yours." 'You are en fond of boasting of vnnr courage, Clara," Laura's affected accents chimed in. " I had no idea your nerves were in reality eo weak." "Have thay — anybody — any suspi cion 7" Clara persisted, speaking in little jerks as Miss Sefton handed her cop of tea with the words, — "Follow my brother's advice, Miss Selwell, and take something before you hear any more of this horrible tale." "The police have a trace, they fancy ; but more will come out at the inquest to morrow." Mr. Whittaker, in the obtuseness that was his speciality, pursued the topic. "Sefton says he heard Singer quar reling violently with a somebody un known in tbe park here on — what night was it, Sefton !" " Ob, yon will have to be a witness, Mr. Sefton !" Laura clasped her hands iu agitation. " Suppose we postpone the rest of this conversation," Mr. Sefton suggested, with his eyes still on Clara trying to raise her cup in her trembling bands. "If you gentlemen were not coming with us, I dared no more go to church this morning than £ dare fly," Laura said, with a pretty, appealing glance np at her host's stalwart figure. "Jnst fancy, behind every tree or bush we pass, a ruffian may be crouching 1" "My dear child has such a vivid im agination," Mrs. Wells said, apologeti cally, as Mr. Sefton returned, — "You are multiplying the wretches unwarrantably, I think, Miss Wells; bat as it certainly is a horrible fact that one at least such character is at present at large, perhaps in this neighbourhood, I think it will be wise for you ladies to abstain from strolling far unprotected just now." He looked at Clara as he spoke, and met her eyes.a moment, then 3he dropped them and shivered. " I am sure, I, for one, will take yonr advice,". Laura assured him, sweetly. But over the crisp, bright road and under the cheering son the party forgot their terrors as they walked to the church, whose belis were calling them, and heard the eweet, peaceful news that hallowed day had to tell. Clara alone looked pale, and was1 strangely quiet and nervous, even when i evening came, and the house was barri caded and curtained ; and in the brilliant- drawing- room, music and voices rang! happily out. " You have not yet recovered the shock that horrid news gave yon tins morning !" Mr. Sefton paused concern edly as he passed her, sitting quite apart from the others in the deep window's recess. " I can't get it out of my head at all," the answered, keeoinu her eves fixed on she bracelet her bands were nervously twisting. " I want to ask yon do you really think that) quarrel yon told me you overheard thatevening— that evening yon know, you overtook me in tbe -park — could have any connection . with .'this terrible thing 7" . " I cannot help, thinking it possible," he replied! grayely;— nay probable.! Of course, - 1' know actually as little as yourself." She raised hereyes f of one brief second,, with an expression he could not for Ins life understand ; - and ! . she whispeiid breathlessly,' "And you wlli .feel it'yonr duty to tell them all "about it at tbe inquest. Could yon swear to the yoice — not Doctor Singer's-the other per son's f" "I could swear to- SingeFa, for I saw him. The other was quite strange to me. I should know it again if X heard it." "Did yon catch any of its -words! Are yon sure there were only two voiceB !" He waited a moment before he leaned nearer to her, and Baid in a lower voice than he had been using, 4? There were three before they separated — one ia woman's; bat speaking German, which, unfortunately, I don't understand." " And the others spoke English? Did yon know the woman's voice at all ? How strange that yon should overhear all that!" "The men spoke English. T caught a few words here and there— threats principally. The woman's voice ' was' strange to me, and, as l fell you, "I did not understand its import- Art -ybh satisfied now," he went on, taking' the chair at her side, and bending adrttie-to see her face, 44 that it wbb no meaiiinglesk restriction I wished to put iipoh yonr poetical tendencies 7 ". - She langhed, and 'held jjht Iter hand with a charming gesture: ' "You were right, and I wrong, Jdr ornx ; bnt I believe ' I owned tie much before." She hesitated a moment; then lifted her lovely eyes, Btill laughing.' " You are very forgiving, -I th5nk, Mr. Sefton. Have you quite pardoned, the rude things I said to you last night 7" " I pardon yoii anything," he raid, in sudden, thrilling change of fone; as his eyes met beta. "It is no' qhestioh of free will ; it is helpless bondage— blissful bondage. Clats, do yon' gnesa your power? Do yon. know — " 44 That you are talking nonsense' when T was thinking sense, " she interrupted, hastily rising with' an agitated face. 44 Oh, here is Mr. Whittaker 1 Will yon try that duet again with me now !" She arrested him ag he was crossing towards the piano. . TJawf mnmintr nrttila Wi> Softrin attended the poor mnrdered doctor's inquest, his gnests, with his sister, their hostess; at their head, held consultation npon dresses and rehearsals -for the' evening's theatricals; end, when Mr. Sefton returned home, most of the minds, so enwrapped in the tale of -horror yes terday, were too eager now over -costume' to spare inquiries as to what fresh light had been thrown do the tragedy. \- Only Clara Selwell asked, without lifting her eyes from a book of engrav ings, what the verdict had been ; and when Mr. Sefton's grave voice answered,' " Wilful murder aeainst some neraon unknown," Laura eried with a little shiver, "Oh, surely, Mr. Sefton, they will find the horrid wretch and hang hini before he has time to mutdet anyone else !" Her host replied, 44 Yes, I think yonr desires of vengeance will be grati fied ere long. What pacts-do you take this evening T" he asked Clara, presently, as she still sat with her eyes bent on the book she held, and not one word of the animated buzz aronnd entering her1 thoughts that were so far away. He had to repeat his question twice, before it reached her ears. " Then she gave &atart.; X 7 Oh, none f she said. " That is the point we were arguing aa yon came in, Seftohi" Francis Whit taker lonnged np. "It is utterly ont of the question that Miss Selwell should be allowed to isolate herself in that way,1 and deprive us of the valne everyone must know her assistance wonld be. Use your authority for our benefit, I entreat 7" " I fancied authority was a word Miss Selwell objected to." Mr. Sefton glanced towards her with a half- smile. "I have told Mr. Whittaker I cannot act I will not act !" the girl cried, im petuously. "The idea is detestable to me, and I should only spoil the whole entertainment. Why will yon persist- in teasing me 7" 44 X imagined yon an actress born," Mr. Sefton said, in a low, meaning tone, which she answered bitterly. " You imagine many things I am not and, as the dark eyes met his.one moment; bnt for the folly of the fancy he conld have thought there were tears in their depths. " Here is a character that will do for yon, Clara." Her cotum came sweetly- near. "The second thing we Bet is written by an amateur author, who has pat in an individual in a gray domino, who never altera a Syllable or does shy- thing bnt appear at intervals to create a little wholesome mystery." The part is evidently meant for a lay figure; or for a person suffering from sudden loss of speech or amiability. Will yon take the character !" " If no one else wants it, and it neces sitates nothing bnt the wearing of a domino and X don't mind doing that to stop your teasing me any further." " I don't fancy there is any one else." Laura glanced round graciously on/the group,—" who does not possess a tongue, or the capability ot learning mx sentences between now and eight o'clock." Her contin'8 impertinence aeemed to fall unheeded on Clara. She laid down her book; and went across to the costumes ; tried on tbo domino and adjusted the mask ; .then saying "They will do very nicely," went quietly out of the room and up stairs. The dinner-party passed off as dinner parties do. . only hastened a little for the superior entertainment that, should come after. The green-room was thronged when the actors, attired, all came'into it ; for! most, of those taking part in the second piece dressed, when the actors for the first did. Clara Selwell put the hideous domino over ber white silk dinner-dress, and laughed a little as ehe peeved through tbe velvet mask. " An effectual 'mystery I am, doift you thlnkl" she asked Mr. Sefton,, . ' !!. te I should know yon in deeper disguise than .thate'-a;'- confidently. - . e;dramng-ropm,'irith its Jefagel ite blaze of light,$mddMely packed audience, greweo hot, that tmeofthe windoWBBgelhst which . Clara wa?isitting was - opened forf reslh aiifrak-' t " .":r- " : ' Hie weather had changed Bnddealy i, a rapid thaw had net in. with a xnild south wind As the audience listen ded merrily to the really veiy jrdl represented farce, fflP " a XfoCnmber," through . that open . window there came stealing 'in, swiftly and fmtively, a'homan hand a cold clamm t hand— that toncbed Clara's folded lightly in her lap, and was gone gain ere ehe started at its contact I was a difficult matter to leave a seat far back in the room,and force onVk way to the front ; bat Miss Selwell, by apologies and persistence, managed to gain Hie'drawing-room door. 44 You need not disturb as in this way," ber sunt said, as she squeezed post "There will ba a general move when this farce ends, and a pause before the piece you belong to bens. Plenty of time then to get yourself in readiness;" ; Clara1 only shook her head, passed on, and psssed ont;- - ' , Ihe 'fcce1 ended amfeg tumultuous appladsh ': that the - - acton had truly art£L 'A. The ;sjtenefflv titrw Mrs. Wells had «pokea-of "began as the curtain descen ded, nhd into the midst of it sounded a peal at the ball-door belL Then We footman pat his Beared face' in among the company, and enquired for his master. Mr. Sefton stepped forward in his grave, cool way, and afber jnst a momen tary interview in the hall, came back to beg his' gnests to remain in their seats for ten minutes longer. The police we're asking leave to search the house, having tracked, or fanned they had tracked, traces of the man they were hunting for on the premises. \- Excitement reigned supreme imme diately; and, in apite of their host's re quest, not one person retained his seat. They throned ont into the hall and abont ihe doorway, and listened to the heavy steps passing abont overhead. "A Boxing'- Night's entertainment this, indeed 1" Mr. Whittaker remarked, cheerfully. "Searching one's rooms for a secreted assassin 1 Where is Miss Sel well f— looking ronnd among the facec. " I don't know. PryiDg round the -the police, or acting sb Mr, Sefton's .body-guard, probably," her cousin re turned, with a sneer. The officers of justice searched tbe hotrae very thoroughly, by the time they took to do it, but nnavailihgly ; for they came slowly down-stairs, at last; and held a ahort consultation with Mr. Sefton rere they proceeded with him to investi- gate' Yh'e stables and outside premises; leaving a guard at the back door, ard "trusting to yon, ladies and gentlemen, to guard the front," the inspector informed the actors, whose fantastic dresses appeared to amuse him. "How stupid tney are to raise this false alarm 1" Mr. Whittaker said, with a shrug. "This delay throws our piece so late ; and I suppose we can't begin it nntil Sefton returns. Oh, there ie Miss Selwell 1" Moving slowly along tbe darkest end of the hall, passing from Mr. Sefton's study to the broad staircase, they all saw Clara's domino and black mask. The light shone on the rose-coloured ribbon that tied her hue as she pot ber foot on the first Btep. " Clara, why are not yon fainting among the police 7" Laura cried, rudely. Bat her consta never heeeded or answered. Without pause or torn of head, the gray" figure so atxangelooking on that modern staircase, went swiftly np, and disappeared from sight in the corridor leading to Miss Sel well's room . Chapter XL Moat of the guests stayed shivering by the ball fire, keeping guard over that firmly barricaded front door. Mr. Whit taker, lounging back into the drawing- room, saw to his amazement, Clara Selwell standing by the stage in her white silk dress and rose ribands, her face as colourless as the silk, her hair qnite damp, her whole frame as it were, shivering with cold or fright. " Why, Miss Selwell," he cried, won- deringly, "you must be a conjuror to be here like this, when we only saw yon a mo ment ago going np-stairs in your domino dress ! Have yon found a secret stair case or underground passage, or how did yon get here? ' Pon mylife, it does puzzle me !" he owned, frankly. "-Don't bother me abont it jnst now," she said faintly. "Perhaps, I am a coujuror — perhaps I am so frightened and shocked X don't know exactly what I have don& Look here !n she extended her dainty white kid foot; all soiled and soaked. "X was stupid enough to go out' on the terrace; forgetting the frost had gone, and the damp seems to have got into my very bones. Then I met those horrid policemen." She shuddered, and he said, sympa thetically, "Of course, if yon didn't know why the beggars had come, it wonld be a shock to meet them straight Yon shouldn't — you really shouldn't, Miss Selwell — go ont alone at dark like that Yon know X am always at your disposal, whatever your fancy may be, if it can tolerate my escort" " X know yon are kindness itself to me, and that I don't know how to prove my gratitnde," she said in low, warm accents, end raising her eyes, more lovely than ever in their datkglowing sweetness, with au appealing lock that just turned his head utterly. "I can only do it now by asking another favour of yon. Mr. "Whittaker, yon . have kept one secret of mine most kindly. Please keep this also— that I went ont to night in my folly, and that — that I was a conjuror, as yon say. Will you I" " Is there anything on earth I wonld hot do for you 1" he retorted, in sarneat- ness so uniumal far him that into her pallid face it bronght a little colour. " Ah, Clara, If you were -really anxious to show gratitude, and I dared, I could how point oat the way in which you conld repay me athousandfold for any: littte services X have ever had the lucky chance to do yon." . ' " Here they all come 1" ehe whispered, as the whole company came trooping after Mr. Sefton, who had jnst re-entered the house. "I must run upstairs abd change my boots." And, as the drawing-room filled, she j gained the states unnoticed. When she came down again, It was re-dressed in her domino and 'made. The play by tbe amateur author proved a great success,1 anddara, in her speechless part; acquit- ted herself creditably; bnt the moment; it wab over she retited,' under pretext of : severe headache— au excuse her white icbethsand heavy eyes etmnpfed truth, anfl it &e; breakfast-table next morning she was absent "ShVXylmcfiwteh -B bad night," - been eenCTteteartiipB \- Some af thh'jmeyfellifepni the park deite'hdiSfeiSdllinesa of ; the day,lUn:bii3twve,SMoik:C3ara ' SflyreUv cafife -dirii'-fetoJ|halfeatrinar- - , ftoSwed. "tonndtiiBr-host; who,oyrith mijhstinhis hand, and erideaf-fopmr! ins dress, just returned from a ride,- was . talking abont the fright they had under- " -53 gone last evening. ' He stopped to shake - tends with Clara, ana asked „after her headache; and his grave eyes, in the - moment they rested on her face, noted the anxious weary shadows abont -it — noted, too, how lovely was the uncon scious picture she made, as in her deep crimson dress, she sank into a huge oak chair, and rested her dark hair .and pale face against its massive, black carving. 44 It is a canons thing they should -find that hat in the summer-house," he went we on, thoughtfully, then addressing princi- " pally the oldest man of the party, Major Leslie. "But for that; X should be inclined to treat the police assertion- of man's footsteps traced in the damp flower-beds, &c; , and the dark form seen to pass, last evening, across the light from toe drawing-room windows, aa fancies raised by their own stupendous zeal." 44 Of coarse the hat may be one belong ing to some member of the household, hut how came it in the summer-hutise !" Major Leslie said also thoughtfully. 44 X . think yon say yon were in there yester day morning, Miss Wells, and saw no such hat there then ! Also what account can be given of those marks on its brim that Martin, the inspector, swears arc marks of fingers stained by human blood!" " He has had them analysed, I sup pose ¥ ' cried an eager chorus. 44 Some such thing, yes. I am awfully sorry you should all be terrified and annoyed thus." Mr. Sefton turned to toe ladies more particularly. 44 X repeat that, in my opinion, no danger ia to be apprehended here or now, for my private idea of that murder ia that it was no purposeless, unpremeditated affair, neither was it done for robbery's sake ; bnt there is the discomfort and horror of the whole thing at this time. I wonld have given a year's Income to have prevented it." " If you say there is no danger, we are not afraid," Laura whispered nobly. 44 By the way, Clara, you were in that summer-house after I was yesterday. Did you see anything like a hat !" 44 1 don't think bo. X never looked. I did not notice," she stammered, moving her great troubled eyes with an effort towards tbe numerous ones turned upon her. Mr. Sefton bent to her, and said just a few words the others conld not hear. 44 If you go into the breakfast-room you will find my sister tbere, I think, and some topic that will amuse you better. Do not stop to. listen to our ghastly conversation." 44 Thank yon," she said, and gave him a grateful look ; but she did not stir. "I think F1I ride over to the police- station myself, this morning." Major Leslie rose with the air of a man who 1 -1 ,.j — v. n ... i r Uflo UCglClitCU UUtj O VAU. vUU XUUgi A want to see that hat Come with me will yon, Sefton 1 It is eveiy man's doty to aid with might and main to bring the perjpetrator of each a cowardly deed to justice. By Jove, Til do my best 1" 44 F1I go over with you with pleasure," said Mr. Sefton. He went outside to order the horses, and, as he returned, a slight figure met him in the hall, and laid a trembling little hand on his arm. "I want to ask you," Clara said, forcing the low, quick words from her white lips, 44 if pity is not more noble than justice ! — if, because one man's blood has been shed, yon should not shrink the more from hastening another sonlinto eternity? Justice says life for life, I know ; but mercy, Mr. Sefton, has she no voice for yon ! Don't heed those men who tell you duty orders you to hnnt down from all chance of repent ance a miserable, sinful fellow creature, who — who — " She paused a moment, half- choked by excitemen', then hurried ' 00\. 44 All murders are not alike ; there may be extenuating circumstances in one — temptations fierce and strong, such as few souls are assailed by; temptations returning only the stronger, the fiercer, the more they are struggled against ; temptations at last, hnrled by the devil's hand with such sadden crashing force, that you, even you, in that man's case, and with no higher strength to fly to than he had, wonld hare yielded, per haps, as he did. How can one man judge another ! How can you know the torments that remorse and conscience may have already heaped npon that guilty, suffering aonl yon would hurry before man's tribunal ? He looked down npon her steadily a few moments without reply, as ber pas sionate, incoherent utterances ceased ; and, gradually, as under his gaze toe glow and fire died ont of her face, and such weary, pathetic anguish stole in, there came a great pity, and a something more than pity, into his eyes. > "Who breaks laws, divine and human, most bear their penalties," he . j said softly. " Such decree is not in my power to alter ; but from my very sonl I pity the wretch who has hurled npon : himself their thunderbolts. He -need . fear nothing from ma" One moment still she stood, her upward pleading gaze nnmoving; then she passed swiftly away without another word, and no one saw her but of her room again that day. Laura went np. in toe early part of the evening, and returned to announce to her mother, in a voice quite audible j to Mr. Sefton, that Clara's door was j locked, and that she answered, iu a tone j as crossas two sticks, that she "had had tea ; and dinner bronght np' to her, and wanted nothing but to he left alone. - . "-What has pnt her into tifls.temper, -j I cannot .imagine," went on 'amiable J Miss Wells, "it is every bit cf |t tem- i per, for she is sb well as ybu" 6r l,.ll \ appetite is any criterion. I !met her - j tray coming down-stairs aa I weat &p;, j and everything eatable was devoured. j I imagine Mr. Whittaker .ia temper's cause, or periraps Wr.Sefbfe' toe thuiks I might have paid J , f..,,' "V f "Hush 1" breatoeefher motoCr hqudy. 3 "You irfilMi'hMB jdtaeMnr. I cousin's whinia inhai J I am determin ed that as -' soon aB khe la | ' ggjjiJMn gat'fetgtBBffB3dAH|PKanotberiiome, . - - - entirely iayonr sleep, "Clara ?- Laura inquired, alter brealrfaat next monting. "You .aefflel t» me to be altering Aire aavpeces of furniture SS-s-; inyqmidDMt-mglit, andydiBtinlUy l : Yon : me. imSie es6. long, and startled dSus- 'yme aoT I mcifp-'qp95lare,,and murder- " "iA e«, sndaUMnSs-ofaorrars." Witt an Ym ' V. ---dSipiFmler. «frliewd you moving lS , #i; : about j veiy Jafand -feuciedjour |mA j." .Jfe4-,a||»adieptyqu from dfcepiug,"ff £6j6ke to Clara, with a smile. . ? 'f . .--Was Muq coming to see if you wanted ; S-fftJ&W-;' anything once." vAet JS&rM..; " Oh. thank you ; it was only . mv "i-il " headache," Clara answered, quite col- lectedly, bnt .going very white. " I did tSt open the window once." Mm " You might have done it more noise- lessly, I think, considering you were not the sole inmate of the house," Laura grumbled. "Yonr next indisposition will be the less romantic one, I fancy, of .V. influenza.'.' \- - "Any more news of the murder/' , Mr. Whittaker asked, his host just entering. f "Nothing fresh," was the answer. \- j " Poor Singer was buried yesterday, you know — great sensation over his funeral." j "What nincompoops country pol'ce are 1" rejoined the other, loftily. " I should imagine their prey had escaped clean out of the neighborhood by this time , yet, of course, it is in and about here they still principally search." " Martin has ati idea that he is yet hiding somewhere close around— that he possesses accomplices in this immediate neighbourhood. I confess I incline to the same opinion. How he ccsld pos sibly have got far away, when roads and rails have been so jealously guarded, I foil to see," Major Leslie satd, with an air oi settling a dispute. " I do bate this subject f Clara rose impetuously and knelt down before the fire as she spoke. "Morning, noou, and night, we hear nothing else ! It makes me positively m, o»»w I first heard it Mr. Whittaker, can you talk of nothing else ? If you can, do give me the benefit of your unique capa bility." " Will you come for a stroll with mef The gentleman addressed rose promptly, and looked much pleased. II It is perfectly charming out in the wind, and you look as if you wanted a t blow — no colour, you know." Mr. Sefton watched her silently as she rose and, with some langhiDg answer, f followed the yonug man out of the w- — room. Five minutes later, they passed the breakfast-room window, talking ear nestly apparently ; and Laura Wells remarked, ' Clara's spirits are bigb enough now, of course." In tbe twilight of that day Clara sat before the organ in the great music- room, that from its vastness and dreari ness was so seldom used. For a lady, she played most beautifully, and solemn, sweet strains floated now over the dim ness creeping around her. Sad strains they were — none joyful, none triumph ant, none loud, all wailing minor symphonies, that she bowed her bead over and played for herself alouc. But a listener came geut'y in, attracted by the sounds, aud he stood just inside the doorway, watching the drooping graceful figure for some minutes before he ap proached and started it. " It is very melancholy that you are playing," Mr. Sefton remarked. "I know it lam melancholy," she returned, in a voice scarcely audible. He stood silently behind her awhile, aud her fingers lingered on the chords that swelled out yet and then died gradually away, and the dimness crept nearer and closer. "I do not wish to pry into your trouble — (I should be blind if I had not known you had one) — but if I could help you in any faintest degree, would you tell me so ? Trust me as you trust yourself, child, and my power may be more than yours. I cannot bear to see you suffer as you have done these last few days. Yon do not know what I would endare to see you happy again. If you will only confide in tue, I promise to further your wishes whatever tbey may be, and endeavour to help you at any cost to myself." Slow tears stole from her eyes, and dropped singly on her hands, resting passive now before her. " No one can help me," she said, faintly. " You are very good, but it is not in yonr power — it is not in any human being's power to relieve my suf fering. I must bear it." " It Is in my power to share it," he returned eagerly, gathering up in liis the cold, trembling little hauds, and holding them the firmer the more they struggled to free themselves. " I have been seek ing this opportunity for days, vainly. You shall listen to me, and you shall answer me now, Clara, before you escape. Snrely you, whose every varying expres- i eion I know so well, cannot be ntterly ignorant of what it is I would tell yon — the love that sprung into bring the first moment yon crossed my doorstep, the first moment I looked into your eyes arid touched your hand, and that in two short weeks has gained a power it is useless for will to straggle against? I do not straggle ; I yield. Clara is it hopeless love?" Imprisoned there, with his rich, passionate tones thrilling her very sonl, she stood as she had risen the moment he began to speak. "I never guessed it — I never thought," she faltered, helplessly, tears still coursing down her now crimson cheeks. well, you Know n now, ana in very pity yon will not turn from it. Think of what it is to be the first, the only choice of a life like mine ! If you are to be tempted by worldly things, child, I offer youluxury, position, power, lifelong devotion, nay, slavety to yonr every wish ; and, in return, give me yourself. I will take the risk of teaching you to love me. Such passion as mine most win its JjF return in time. Child, why do you 't- -. stand . so silently i Have yon no word iSpjltf for me ''' 3H " None that can give you hopri"|J tffg , , Be dropped her hands as the /slow : syllables fell from her quivering lips, and :.S9 the vehemence died out of his tones. IB "eH me the worst yon have to tell ? He Yon cre for another." Ipf Sileilitiy weeping still, she shook her |Sfi| head. "\ iifft- "Do not mislead me," he commanded, H atenfly. " Frhncis Whittaker." "Be proposed ito ine this morning," JE she nrprmnred j vjtpd I could only give fffc Sii ' him flhe eameansWarhflt I givevnn j worthy of either'ofyon." ijBk ihgmilily/ . 'Under no HiEk eigK no circamstan(H8 poSsihle- orffffPffiible, child— do yon nnder- standiuiau ljb-u-nwottiijr of rmy > affection. Thejge could he none that could render the gift of yourself to me \- aught bnt the .crowning honour -of my: life. Whatever yon may - think un- . worthiness w$pld .bat endear yon to Hug tbem&re-; Clara, 'one? ain ' I pi rat® I ask no confidence —no betrayal of another's srisret,"4f ; such you hold- nothing bnt that yon will give ine the, right to soothe the trouble I shall never ask yon questions upon. Become my 5jrife - let me strive to Tnake yonr .-life happier, and trust my love." "I cannot," she sobbed. "A can never, never be anything more to yon 'than a grateful friend. Oh, dtuiot look like that! Ton do not Know how yon are distressing me. If it could be, Mr. Sefoon, I would gladly, indeed, consent ; but it cannot Tbe greatest only kind ness you can do me now is never to mention this subject -again." "Yonr happiness is desrer far than my own," he sridj gentlyj and lifting, in almost reverence, her fiogera to hia lips, "Forget what Thrive said to distress you j it shall, never be mentioned ags5n.- /Let-all be as it was before this, afternoon. We are friends yet, are we not, and you are my hononred guest S" "And lam not fit to be qven that.. If you knew all, Mr. Sefton, you would hate where now you show such noble, generous compassion," she murmured, almost insrticnlarly. And he only answered, ." It is easy to tell, child, that yon have never loved." Then, relinquishing; ber_vhand, he walked slowly away : and on her knees by the dumb organ in the chilly gloom the girl flung herself in stifled, heart breaking passion of teats. "One of those dreadful policeman coming again, with a warrant to search onr boxes for hidden felons this time, I dare say," Laura simpered, gliding from her seat in the large bay window to one more immediately under Mr. Sefton's protection. Bnt that gentleman rose,-glanced from the window, then quitted the room j and, after a few words exchanged in the hall, his guests saw him walking by the policeman's ride down the carriage drive; Luncheon was over when he came in, apologizing for his uupuuctaality. " Business has kept me," he said. " About that murder again ?" Major Leslie inquired. And Mr. Sefton glanced round the room before he replied. Clara was not visible. In the large window, bending over her crewels, the heavy, crimson . curtains surouueu sin uuui ,«iu uu puub noticed her presence, though she listened ; breathlessly to each word that tbe others heard. ' I cannot answer that, certainly," Mr. Sefton turned to his Mend. ' A man's body has been discovered — by oue of those strange chances that do dist»ver such things — at the bottom of the old disused coal-pit on my estate. . That his fall was accident and killed him on the spot is certain. The rest can only be conjecture yet. The man is a stranger." " But yon imagine he is the murderer — the dreadful wretch flying from his merited reward to meet it nnexpectedly thus ?" Mrs. Well's cried, with a touch of her daughter's gushing volubility. " Do confide in us folly, Mr, Sefton 1 Is that what the police imagine ?" He bowed. "Yonr ideas are quick It is con jectured that in trying to escape across conntiy unknown to him, he met his doom the same night his. xictim did j but perhaps the thorough truth .may never be known." " Then the official zeal that interrup ted our theatricals, and discerned blood stained hats and dark, hovering figures, was as mistaken as I always thought it," Mr. Whittaker remarked, self-composedly. "There will be an inquest upon this body, I suppose, Sefton i Where is it now ?" " In tbe cottage of one of my labourers, near to the pit. Tbe inquest will be there to-morrow." "Ah, I leave here to-morrow," in sudden mournfulness. "Send ma a paper or something, with the account of what transpires, will you ? I never took an interest, that I- remember, in a mur derer before." Not one movement had attracted attention to that curtained window. Not one sound of even surprise, had issued from it Mr. Sefton quitted the - room without the slighestidea that Clara was sitting in it : and one by one, the others forgetting all abont everything but this new excitement, left her alone there. Then she rose, steadyiog herself, like a person ill or inebriated, by the fur niture, as she walked alone ; and rite went up-stairs, and donning her bat and jacket, walked cautiously ontof tbe ride- door, and looking right and left, in fear of observation, as it seemed, sped on in the direction -of the ground where the disused coal-pit lay. . Afternoon tea was over, and it was quite dark as she came up the drive on her return, aud met Mr. Sefton just coming round from tbe stables. She started as if he had been a ghost" " Another after-dark ramble ?" be arid, reproachfully. "Oniy this one," she said humbly. "I will never annoy you iu this way again after to-day." " Why do jou use such a stupid word as annoy?" he asked, impatiently. " Nothing you.could do wonld do that It is only foryonr own sake I took the liberty — I know 1 had no right to take — of advising yon." " I am very grateful for your advice," she whisperedi!" thongh my conduct, in; direct opposition to at, may have led you to think jnst the reverse ; but indeed I have learned a lesson lately. I think no one will find me rebellious again." ' The door was standing open, and ehe did not wait for any. reply from him as she passed through it and; op-stairs. The inquest established in the minds of everyone the already firm idea that the body it was held upon was that of the man whose life justice demanded, and the neighborhood' sank into tran quillity then. They, buried itim in the nearest churchyard, the second- day iu the New Year,' and Mr; Sefton chanced to be riding past the cottage in - which the body had lain, and inet the woman of it returning from ' the funeral. :: ,\ "She - stopped him, and began -to. speak rather hesitatingly. "There's -a.-, something I should like to tell you, rir-j but I hops yon won't blame me in no way. The police told me strict I wss to let no one touch' that corpse until the- inquest bad -been held abont It ; -hot the ! very afternoon after it had been fcropght in and laid in our spare room, as yon know, sir, there came a yboog lady tap-. piogwt»y door f isnd when I openB iq what shall ehe but to let her look just a mbmebtfat We tnan found dead In the coal-pit, I told her it was what I daren't do ; bnt she begged with -real Leara,-and «he -had, somehow, a way with her -sir, that altogether got die better of fine, so that I let ber go into the room with... it alone, just a minate, as she eaid," . v Was ehe anybody you knew 1" Mr. Sefton questioned, quietly. " I hadn't seenher before but I knew ber again at church isst Sunday. She was sitting with your party, sir ; a pretty young lady, with dark hair aud a very pale face, dressed all in black. Beauti ful eyes she had too, so soft and large 1 I don't believe the person lives wbo could refuse her if she spoke with those eyes as she didjto me. There I don't f "You allowed her to see the body, yoasay.t" "She went in alone sir, bnt I looked through the door, and saw her kneeling by. its ride and crying, and she kissed it before she came oat. It must have been some-friend she knowed, I thought. She could never have been so feeling as. to have done so for a stranger ; do yon thinkeo, rirl " "I ain tbe first person yon have told about this!" ' The very first, sir. J thought it my dnty to acquaint you." " You are quite right." Mr. Sefton drew. oat his purse, and placed some money in her hand as he said, "I desire. yon to tell it to no one else." mm. Hells ana . ner daughter were growing weary. . .. Nearly a month had they enjoyed Mr. Sefton'a hospitality, and not one step nearer fulfilment seemed the hopes with -which they had entered his house. Their rich, handsome, unapproachable host wonld not appreciate their united flattery aud cajoleries, or Laura's beauty and fascination. At first it bad been Clara's rivalry they blamed. That was not to be feared of late, bnt it did Laura's chance no good. " A clever general knows when hois beaten," said Mrs. Wells to her daughter, as ehe read her letters, "and in common decency we cannot stop any longer in this house unless our invitation is pointedly renewed, which I know it will not be. Here is one from Hamps Court to-day, and perhaps you can catch Francis Whittaker there if you turn yonr atten tion to him. . He is a good catch, you know, thongh Mr. Sefton is better ; but the old saying holds good, my dear, that -when yon can't get what you want, you must put np with what you can get." "Dispose of Clara elsewhere if yon want me to get anything," Laura mut tered. "The men never gives two looks at me when she is by." " Shall yon care far a ride this after noon," Mr. Sefton asked Clara Selwell, entering the conservatory where she was standing alone the day before the one fixed for the Wells party's depar ture, - "The others will, I am sure," she re turned, quickly. Laura was longing at breakfast for one more mount on Wild fire. Have you. asked them 1 " "I think I am asking you at pre sent." "I beg your pardon," she blushed. " I don't think I care for one to-day. I — 1 Very likely I shall do something else this afternoon. It is my last here, you know." " I know, He Christmas gathering that promised to be Btfoh a joyful one (it has disappointed us all a little, I think) is like snow in a thaw. Whittaker gone and Leslie ; yourself and your friends to morrow j tbe Browiilowo the following day. Shall yon ever think of yonr visit here, Miss Selwell ? " Perhaps, as she bent over the camel lias, she did not hear those last words, as his tone lowered as he spoke them. She only replied to his first. " You will soon be left quite alone hoe. Sha'n't yon feel doll, or are yon one of those persons blessed with, appre ciation of your own good company " in a faint imitation of ber former sanci- ness. " I shall not stay here. I shall go abroad again, most likely." " Back to South Africa — to risk your life in that foolish hunting, as you did before ? " And there was a little tremble in her tones. " Why not t How is my life more precious now than it was then?" bit- terly. " It was precious then. Everybody's life is .too, precious to be risked for no good to be gained j even — even when it is only a harden that one longs for the power to day down." She. turned her . head away as the involuntary misery stole into her voice. There was a little silence, and a lovely camellia fell wrecked to the ground. " Then abont this ride f " Mr. Sefton said suddenly. "You are determined not to be .sociable the last day you give us your presence. What is it you prefer to do this afternoon 1" "My poetical tastes yon know. They will take me for a last solitary ramble, perhaps." But thongh tbe words were light, the tone belied them. "How can yon let Clara destroy those, sweet flowers in that ruthless way, Mr Sefton ?" Laura's unwelcome voice chimed in unexpectedly, " Look here; it is murder 3 One, two, three of them de liberately picked to pieces! I'm afraid you must have been very agitated, my dear, if you have done all this nnknow- R7L A 4" La a. — x- Augaj. rural/ iwvc |UU U1XU IjayiDg (O her, Mr. Seftoa 1 99 u Asking ber what I am going to ask you. Would a ride this afternoon amuse you as well as anything else 1 " Clara saw the riding party start, and noticed, with one little extra pang, Mr. Sefton and Dmra by side behind ftp others. She bad no Idea that at tu steward's house he ' «sooitd himself from sccumptDflog tbem any further ; and, when bit boHoen was all dose, he rode «1ow?yhome by tbe wy © t the churchyard, io which the 8 opposed cutirderrr vm buried. It w»B oat of his way a little, but be had a fancy for the rood, .?ick afternoon twilight wu coming on, aided by a gathering -sxfl&t; there was so wind'. to dispel, " . . Since tbe frost hod disappeared it had been '. muggy-, unriaanot weather, not sice to wander or finger iu churchyards to ; but( Mr- Soften rede- slowly pact the hand -g«te -ear thit oeSHnri uhtuirfed grove, ho mo . <?rilah flgure bending over it vheo be fastened his hocse. slowly loihe riWe&tthmigh.; f Grouching there, in abandonment ©f grief,'. beard hie etegw . cm the soft, wet" 31 40ft itoyurhbm" he "Oh, Mr. Sefton !" aha said, rising then aud staudiog before him, with her drooping t see ©hanging expression each moment;. now yon haYO found me here, gire me a few mo. gneute to make the confaeaioo t bare beoo failing oourage to dot, as I ought before. Do yon know who lies buried here ? " "The supposed murderer of Doctor Singer." " Hie murderer in ray truth, and — and my father f" As ehe uttered the words she clipped down ©n the greet, burying her faae aud its bitter sbama t>d auguiah. Mr. Seftoo stooped aud lifted her np io hie 1 strong arn» aa if she had been » baby. "Igutsted almost aa much," faeeaid calmly ! "Good sod tell me all .now.' "Then don't touch me!" Sbe shivered sway from hie support. ' My aunt and every body else imagined my father dead some years ago. I alone knew the truth — that he waa biding away under a false name because be was afraid of jaBtioev he was a wicked man, Mr. Sefton, bnt no father could be mora tender, more loving ; and his evil course he owed entirely to one iufloence, that of tbe man who called himself io this neighbourhood Doctor Singer. ''He led my father into his first swerve, from honesty. He, by the wonderful iofia' ence his stronger will gained over him, urged him on and on, until tbe law found them out ; and then he saved himself at my father's expense, and taunted him toe the disgrace he had led him into. My father was proud man. Con you, who are prond too, imagine what be bore wbeo tbe man who bad wrecked hli life and made him the alien he was, laughed at his handiwork ?" She paused a moment, only for lack of breath ; then went on never looking op. " Yon remember that evening, the day be fore Christmas Eve, I went oat with Mr. Whittaker to gather mistletoe ? Well, there, In the park, I met say father. He had come over juet to eee me. I had no idea that he. was iu England. " Mr. Whittaker taw him, of course, too. OQ(i KQBW n« WM irieuu «# tuiue, vuk UUk who lie wax I aaked bim to amy nofchiog about aim, however, and vary, very kind be waa. He sever did eay a word. Do you remember that qou"rel you overheard next afternoon ? "I do," « Mine wan tbe woman's voioe tbat inter posed and made peace again, aa I thought, between the deadly foee eo unexpectedly met. But, but " tbe rapid, lelteriog syllables sank m low that tbeir liatener could aoaroely catoh their import — " that night they met again, aud no one waa by to check paaaiou'a toy. "With taunte and jeers Doctor Singer threatened my father— not only with ex posure tor himself, but for the daughter he loved ao proudly. " ' She should be publicly known aa the felou'a child,' he eaid ; and then — and then " Do you remember what I told you of temptations iu their audden overpowering force, and no strength but human weakness to reaiet them ? Oh. do not judge him too hinhly. Be merciful, aa some day yon msy hope for mercy !" When the anguished wailing word, osased awhile, no sonnd broke tbe stillneaa of the wintry duck. They atood apart, these two — the etroug manly, the dark girlish form, aud between them tbat rough, uncared-for grave. And the hone tied waiting wondered at hie master's delay, and the miat and the darkness steadily cams on." " 1 have more to tell yon yet." Clara spoke again with an effort. " To-morrow we tart yon and I, for ever, in ail probability. . At me finish my confession, then, now. Yon are very gcoi to listen to it so patiently. On Boxing Night, while that farce was acted, a hand no one saw or felt bnt I cams through tbs window, and when I went out I found h'-m, hunted down by the police, close upon bis footsteps. " He wbb my fstber, yon know. 1 wore that doiroxo and mask, sod I put tbem on bim ; and in sight of all the compaoy, while yon sod tbe f olice were aearchiog onttide, he went across tbe ball aod np-stairs to my room. All thought it was I. I crept in by tbe drawing room window, aod ouly Mr. 'Whittaker (who promised, aud kept bie pro mise, to say nothing) saw ma before I could get np-staira too, and repossess myself of my aoting dress. "Aod then I came down, aod I acted; sod all tbat oigbt and next day I kept him hidden in my dressing-room, sod in the next night 1 1st him down through my window ; and the rest you know. "Ho eacap.1 man's judgment I But, oh ; what h. p , have I here or hereafter t I can never aee him agaio 1" Round ber slight frame, shaken by ita Sadden tempest of grief, so arm, strong to protect, warm to cherish, gathered ber io to shelter. " Let me comfort yon, Cfsrs !" the deep tones arid. " You will dothat if — if yon can forgive tbe deceit I have piaotiied upon you f she sobbed. " It has been all forgiven iocg ago. Did you think, child, I knew Dothiog of this. Some day, when yon know fere's power, you will know bow it reads expreasiooe, thoughts —yes, very feelings that every other eye may bo blind to. Did I promise not to meutioa love to yon again ! This occasion is excep tional Clara, tell me waa it thia, tbat stood between us, when last I spoke ?" "Of course it was. Of course it is— most always be." She tried to get sway in her agony of shame aud he clasped her close to his heart with a power hen was as nothing to. " It shall not. You shall learn to love me Clare, and then decide if a thing that has been is to make desolate for ever two lives that are." L»»rn to love von V She gasped the words. "If you will let me teach you, Clara, my darling, it sba<l snrely not be so hard a lea- eoo!" . v Bat she interrupted him suddenly, speak ing in little hurried breathe, with ber face hidden ou bis shoulder. " I have another confession to snake. Each time you have spoken of lova aa a thing 1 know nothing about I have deceived you, for I do know it, as well as you — better, per haps ! I know what it is to love with my life's strength — love that can never change, nor falter, nor cease so long as my heart : bests" He freed her abruptly, and strode to tbe gate. But as he opened it be psnsed, half turning his head. I have tbe right to know whom yon epeak of, Clara — tell me !" Crimson waves flooded her beat face, rising to her hair, sinking to bar neck. She triad to spesk, and fairly failed ; and he laid his firm touch on her ebonldsr. "Tell me at once — who 7" " Yourself l" The horse fidgeted, impatient and un heeded. The gathering night abut out even the grave so near, ss time, flowing in golden sands uncounted, earned a dark world Into snDshane brighter than day's But, when at las leaoiog on her lover's arm, Clara reared tbe large old hoose. lighted from roof to base ment, she shrank away from htm in sodden piteous remembrance. "I have been mad, I think, to forget! Never can I take position as yonr wife 1 For yonr friend's sake — your sitter's alone— yon cannot marry me ! Think who I am !" Bnt he etopped, looked in her eyes, und laughed. "Yon shall marry me!" he said. "Do yon imagine one parts so easily from happi ness so long coveted and hardly gained i No living creature bnt oarselvss shall ever know the past — that is buried for ever there, Clara," pointing to that distant, silent grave yard. "Yonr tree history — the history of my wife— begins from to-day i" 