aBBgrgg TOXSLrLXS.r" RALPH MONK. By Miss E. Alan Kelly. -Authoress of "Hampton Court," Ac. OlIAPTEH XXIV. Tlie inevitable stillness succeeding this declaration was peculiarly adapted to intensify and increase Ralph's belief that this Oakes was some madman who had , cunningly penetrated his secret. Having / given this probability due weight, and after mature deliberation, he drew himself up to his full height, while a fierce frown contracted his brow, as he said in a low hissing tone, "Why do you speak of Richard Mor ton's wife in such a manner — and to me." Oakes hung his head for a minute, and did not speak. There are some people who know their privileges and under stand their position, ready to grumble at everything. His silence continued. How had he offended this Ralph Monk ? So he questioned himself. Then in a tone of mingled shame and contrition he said " There now, don't get in a rage ; you were a rank stranger to me, and 1 the same to you. If I had thought for one moment that the story of a poor wretch like me (who has been the football of fortune from the one end of the globe to the other) would have annoyed you, I should not have said a word ; how ever, I now perceive that I was wrong in so doing. I never told it to any one before. I was impelled to tell my history by the feeling of your agree able companionship. Von should have a .share of charity to spare me. Who made us to diii'er ? f, Gordon Huntly — and Leah Morton has many an equal in this pale, deliberate world !" Then Oakes lifts his head and looks at Ralph's face. A change is there — an "expression more terrible than any words. Ralph has listened as if spell-bound. 'The full sense of the meaning of O alms's words did not develope in a moment ; the awful signiheation conveyed in the reve lation at length made itself clear. Then he stood up deadly white, and laying his hands to his heart, he gave a pitiable groan, and exclaimed in an unsteady voice, " You Gordon Hnntly — you — you ! Oh ! what is this ?' Oakes, or. as he has confessed himself, Gordon H unify (however, by the former name he shall continue to be known) hears Ralph's fervid words, words almost too fervid for utterance. A whirl of con jectures is passing through his mind, yet he cannot asen he Xaipli's worus or manner to anything that he is aware of. Thinking this, he replies quietly "Yos. I am Gordon Hnntly. Have you heard of me before ?" "Yes, I have,"' came the answer quick and sharp. " You — you are the cause of it all ; but I won't curse you," he added desperately. " No, don't curse me," pleaded Oakes humbly. " The malediction might return on your own head ; besides, I have not injured you." Again uprose the wail of the wronged soul. " Not wronged me?" repeated Ralph in a voice that had in it a strange chord of human sull'ering. So. wild-eyed and white lie looked as ho commenced pacing the verandah. Oakes sat down on a chair and shrank back from Ralph. He seemed to be pursuing a train of thought that even tually escaped control for presently he rose up, and placing himself in Ralph's path, said " What have you heard of me ? — that 1 am a scoundrel, eh ?" In the midst of his miserable thoughts Ralph stands still and stares at him as if he had been suddenly waked up. He makes 110 silly exhibitions of his feelings ; for he said, speaking as calmly as the other, "Yes, I have heard of you. Richard Morton has told me all. Rut you have wrought a worse wrong than you imagine. He believed that you were both dead ; thought that you had gone in the >St. John and were drowned. He has forgiven you, gfie.v.ed .for ..his wife Leah as one dead, and married again." And, Ralph turned away his face as he ended. " Married again ! — the deuce he has. Eg must be an old man now ; he is frSteen years my senior. So lie has married again— when, and whom did he marry?" . " He married about two years ago." " Wlioin did he marry?" persisted Oatcs. " Tell ine if you know and he moved round till he stood face to face with Ralph. -"Yes. 1 do know," replies Ralph, this time looking unflinching at him. "He married a friend of mine — one who blight have been " \- "More.; 1 see," interrupted (Jakes, finishing the sentence. Then throwing back his handsome head, with- a short laugh, as he placed his hand on Ralph's arm, he exclaimed, " Stranger, we are we'll fliet." : He made a mistake when he thought the man before him had fallen into the trap of dullness, for Ralph shook off his hand and exclaimed, ' No — 110 ; we are not- well met : there IB no affinity whatever betwixt— nothing except — "' ... ' Except — ha !"' cried Oakes, sharply tailing Ralph up, ' ; nothing, except that we have both fallen into the one train of though.-, in loving the wife of Richard Morton. Yqu may shake my grasp off ; bat- not my words. Yoiu-s is a tell-taic face, and your, eyes, why tiiey speak their story as clear as a throe-volume novel." Ralph knew libw to be submissive under far harder phases of life than this, yet Ire now experienced , the half-maddening sense that comes over people when they, feel their passion has been victimised- He preferred not to look at Oakes then, and, ho reeled away as if he had been struck/ to the other end cf the room, \\\Tier</, in brokenuess ofheart; ho .sternly repudiated tne remarks of tins scape- gra/e who had been the primary -cause -of hi/purting with Bona. /Bona ! /The name had an odd sound even on Ax his lips, breathed out into the gleaininb /moonlight. All was so still here, not even / af thrill of light air rustling the leaves. / Nothing except the name of Bona broke tlie silence that reigned. She appeared to come like a shadow at his call, to stand rigid and still in- the shade , of :the .myalls sheltering the terrace at this side.; he couil almost fancy he saw the light gleam an d sparkle on her liair. . Was he dream- iqj- ii Surely it was not Bona. It was with a, nixed feeling of horror and delight that l£was about to spring forward when lie ieaxd Oakes rising and coming, to wards lim/ Instinctively he turned his head, leading lest he might conie too near. Then he cast a glance back to where -Bona iad stood. The shadow had vanished. Ie sees this, and with a sigh of thankful ness. It might have, been a shadow of W&mng.; The temporary alteration of his thou-lits caused him to return with greatfc- zeal to the subject which Oakes had bfc.n discussing, and with wrath in his face e turns to meet him. Frieni/' began Oakes as he came ear, and shaking in a quiet gentle voice, that even liiw had a strange influence o-jer. Ralph ; ' ' don:t hit a man whohas fallen, so hara I was mot fitted for such self'Bacrificj, such self-abnegation. A.nd but for ytur restraining powers, yeu might have done as I did ; and. if I had been so, the fault would not have been either yours or mine. There are some men who ought never to marry. Morton is one of them. A genius may be capable of doing half-a-dozen different things cor rectly ; but not your ordinary mortal, and you are aware there is not a more ordinary man in existence as far as personal gifts and graces go. His every inborn bent and intellectual power had been trained and centred on making money. A woman can never love a man of that description. Then he would bring his financial power into the love market and dabble in its stock and share, and lie lost every penny of his investment. V) hat business had he with it ? ' p "He had a perfect right to marry, interjects Ralph hotly. " Well, if he would take a wife, why did he not marry a dry old furze of a woman that would have suited him, in stead of choosing, like a child, a pretty toy that struck his fancy," cried Oakes, reviling the man whom he had so deeply wronged, in bitter contemptuous tones. " How came you to escape shipwreck 1 inquired Ralph, desiring to change the subject. ., "We did not go in the St. John/ Oakes replies, entering readily on the detail of the circumstance of their escape. "Apart from Leah, I had to leave London as quietly as possible, as I was aw full hard pushed for money; in fact, the whole twelve tribes of old Jewry were after me in full cry. However, I thought I had done the thing remarkably clever'; but when we reached the docks, there came a fearful pinch. Right before 115, when we alighted from the cab, stood Morton, gossiping with another man. I ortunately , his back was turned towards us ; I managed io get Leah — who nearly fainted —back into the cab ; but our luggage went on tioard. I daresay someone claimed it. Then we took shipping for New York, and from thence here. I heard afterwards that the St. John had been lost 011 the coast ; so I suppose, from the fact of our names being on the pas- senger-list, Morton thought- we had be come food for the fishes. ' " No : he did not fall into that error," replied Ralph, in cool tones; ' tor he sent a detective in search of .you, who found two bodies, which Mr Morton afiirmed were those 01 his wife and you. As such, those bodies were interred. Hew shocking to think of it. Her name 011 that white stone seems to vise before me now.-' " That was -.iff a mistake," said Oakes, in a melancholy way. " She is buried in the Melbourne cemetery — near Burke's block of granite — a few paces down the hill. There you will find, on a stone, ' Sacred to the memory (his voice sank very low, almost to a whisper, when he talked of this sad register) to the sorrow ful memory of my wife — wife of Gordon Hnntly, late captain in the ninety Highlanders." But she was not legally your wife." " Never mind about the points of law. My claim t>> her was quite as legal as that of many another man in Victoria, who calls his partner wife," he said in a reck less tone-. " How long is it since she died ? ' ' Here is the date ; I have it in my pocket-book," said Oakes. Producing one' and searching in the compartments, lie drew forth a folded scrap of newspaper, which he handed to Ralph. " There it is. I had it inserted in the Melbourne papers — you will also observe the additional remark — ' Home papers please copy.' " Ralph moved out into the light and read. "Leah's death had occurred the very day Morton asked Bona to be his wife." Then he turns with a sigh, and hands the paper back to Oakes saying. " Mr Morton was married a fortnight after this date." " Ha !" exclaimed Oakes, flinging back bis head and accompanying the gesture with il short laugh. "Like Hamlet's mother, lie did not waste much shoe-leather over his widowhood. There are some people nothing can caution." " He has married a dear wife, a beauti ful wife, and a true one this time," speaks Ralph sternly : angry that Bona should for one instant be brought in par with the guilty partner of this man's flight. " Yes, and you might add Ralph Monk was a man of different calibre from Gordon Hnntly ; but, believe me," said he, holding out liis hand to Ralph, " I do admire that in you which I have neither the grace or courage to emulate." "Shall I take mine enemy's hand ?" questioned Ralph, with doubting sorrow in his face and voice, as he shrank back and sat down on a chair. " Yes, you will," replies the other in a reckless tone. " I would not sue for Richard Morton's forgiveness," he adds, with a disdainful cast of his haughty head. " Take it," said Ralph hurriedly; " why do a thing bv halves 1" " Why, indeed ;" and Oakes shook him warmly by the hand. We both have suffered, and that should soften." " I am decaying," is Ralph's low and saduly-ut-terei reply. "Do you know," said Oakes, coming close and sitting down 011 a chair beside Ralph, " I am very fond of you. And I don't iike to see- the -vapours hanging over you like this. Cut your memories/loose, as I did the n;unf> of Gordon Huiuly. L .-usumeu Edward's name, lie is only lily half brother. I had a reason, for changing my name, you understand. Believe me, people always have some shady reason or another for assuming -a different name from their own ; one may not be able to discover the reason, but there is always something wrong. Al-i an has "a regular Yandomonian smack about it, " "' . '/ I quite agree with you about that." "No one about here except you and Edward is aware cf who I am. One thing I want to tell you, tliat not one penny of Morton's money diu I spend. I had sonic from the sale of niy commission. . Leah lived on it "while I was up the country. It might have had a potently sweetening pffect 011 Morton, had he been aware of this. What was a fellow to do ? RalDh is speechless, and now .<razin<r m him with sad remonstrance in - his eyes, " It's all Very- well for you to come the shadowy monitor with me," goes oh Oakes ; " but we shall forget it all, and be friends— -won't -we ?" and he placed his arm' round Ralph's shoulder, at the same time.looking into his face with a strange smile. , A man of duller perceptions might have flung him oft', but Ralph remembered and was passive. Friends?" . and Ralph's eyes meet Oakes's glance questioningly. ' " Of course — a dead and gone, woman should not come between your friendship and mine." : - " It seems you have not permitted her memory to interfere with feelings deeper than friendship," said Ralph, with a slight touch of sarcasm. ... " Yes, I am very sure Leah would like to see me properly settled ; anything would be better than the way I have' been living since she died: Next to Leah Carleton, I think Bertie Hope is the best and most beautiful woman in this world ; but Leah was my first love. It had the freshness of morning glory about it; how pure that love once was. Her father was my commanding officer. He was killed at the Alma, and died in my arms, and with his last breath begged of me to take care of Leah. So I did," "After a fashion." This from Ralph with eyebrows upraised. " It wa3 my fashion — a high bid for happiness— and I was happy. Shall I ! ever be so happy again ? 'Tis said there is no love like early love. Ccnie and I shall sing you a song." Saying this he entered, the drawing-room by an open window' (the windows all opened to the ground) and striking a match, he lighted the candles which were placed ready. Opening the piano, he sat down, and running his fingers lightly over the keys began — . " Oar early loved — how sweet their memory . . clings To the hearts that love no more ! Like a rose'- that still, in its sweetness springs When the garden pride is o'er. Our 'early loved — hath their path. From our step3 far parted been ; Hath the hand of power,, the heart of might, : Or life's barriers risen between. " Yet still, in our dreams, their shadows come . O'er the waste of parted years ; Though the path is marked with many a tomb, And its sands are wet with tears. ; The grass on the grave grows rankly green Where wa laid so long ago Our first affectione, all unseen, In their deep and quenchless glow. Aifts ! for the dnst so darkly piled O'er tho bright, but buried gem ; Bat safe are tho treasures death hath sealed : For there comes no change on them. We may love again, and the latter ties Of Jifs be bright and strong ; But if broken, never in memory's eyes, 'Viil their fragments shine so long." As he plays, Ralph stands in the verandah gazing at him through the ©pen window. The change in Oakes is wonder ful. It is 110 longer the rough bushman he sees, but the gay young soldier of other days,- whose bright debonair beauty, with tlie strange winning sweetness of manner that had won so many friends for Ze beau suhruer. His voice was a splendid alto. And as Ralph looks and listens ; the memory of what he himself has suffered is lost in I pity for. the wasted life before him. When the song is ended Oakes turns round -on the seat, and while the last j sweet sad notes were dying away said,- " I was just thinking what a good proper sort of a fellow you are, Ralph — that's your name, isn't it 1 How, in- tho name of all that's fair, could any woman throw you over for Richard Morton ?" Ralph put up his hand as if to request silence, for he heard approaching foot steps. "It is Mary and Tommy, 1113'' indoor servants, and as they have ceased to jangle, I can hear Mary shuffling up the chairs. I suppose supper is ready and we may advance. I must have brandy to night.' There are nice things in youth wo never know the value of till we are older.'" He evidently thinks brandy is needful to sustain life and blot out thought. He tells himself it is necessary ; consequently all deeper and truer sense i3 overruled by this necessity. , "Brandy !" exclaims Ralph in a tone of horror; " think 3-011 is this the right way to retreive your mistakes — by it 3-ou inhale death- and eternal shipwreck." There is a pause. Oakes did not accept his remarks blindly, but felt it was as if the cold hand of wisdom laid upon his brow; of folly which was burning hot. But lie only remarked sadly as lie led the way to - the drawing-room, " The force of habit.". „ . Edw'ard Oakes and Will came in to gether. '. The younger Oakes was a good-natured looking sort' of a man, but in 110 U'ny resembled the master of OI11I- lington Chase. .... Ralph and the elder Oakes do not talk much,' but the two youger men keep up a .lively' conversation. What sorrowful thoughts, what ghosts of lost love and happiness haunted the two elder men. Ralph is concious of a strange aching iu his head, and after supper he re tires immediately to his room. Henry Oakes bore up, and acted the part of host to perfection until Edward and Will .retired. When thoy had gone lie commenced arinkiug ; wooing forget- fulness through the terrible medium of in temperance. > ; -. 1 . '"To EE CONTINUED. 