A .IAUNTED HOUSE T' WESTMINSIEII. -I was aorays a very a.,nn inded uan, and, until the tii?o'I am about to moonnion, riliciiltd the idea of ghosts. Let every onerspeakas they fiod;-fort my part, I am now ednviic?nd ofamy error, though I a ft ar from wishling any one to adopt my opinion, unless from conviction. .. . 1i 1o nmut know, tlikt abo t?iw ear aro I? ent to lodge at air o~ld' house in- Westninster, where nothing remarkable happe'ndecd to ino" tr about th.ee tionths; but one night tIon well do I remeinb?cr it) I slw suichc . app;Iliog sight as I never; heore beheld. Even were I str irng to- morrow, I would- notagain enter that room; -ni;nnot for a thouiandl poaunds. h..,.hadlbeen to tile tiet. eund on my t nay home had drank a single pi t .f piorter, nso that no,doubt of my soeiety tarn exist for a-moment. ' My room was on the stonl.a storey of a housb that, I should suppose; had 'ii'ithe?ed hell-nigh hour hundred years, and was in furier 'idays a lovetly habitation. The room was sur .rounded by a wain-eoating of oak to thenheight- of fire 'feet; it was very lofty.anol in. the lightest days, owing to the narrownes of the windliws, was v?ry gloomy. As Srnid 'beftbre, I rnturn?nilfe:om th iheatre?,onu the snulf alt the candle which' I bid eaninguished oil getting into lielt had not ceased to emit its disa;tre-able flluvlia stwnI behheld-my blood' frc'ie e?en when I tlink oi it-a young mn i.ressed in the habitt nf- iats gone hy, glidiiingthrouglhtlieiv'ini:sco tiuifoo` the opposite eide of the ipartmient to wherte lay:rt Iwas eomipletely para lyed-treonbled: violently in:everylimb, and the per i'piration fell in torreits from my brows. I felt for some timu as if eoery.nerve was cut asunder, and every seon heinumbed. 1 eserled moself to"spemk, but'in vain; my tongue c!hive todtleiroof ff noi mouth, aid I was obli:eil to remin'a horror-struck-and inactive speelator of the sceneibefore me. " The apparition remainr four nearly ten minten, which was imple titme for me to convince mysell that it wat nro idle chimeraý_,f a diseaseni imaginatio?.that stood before me." Yet althliobh it remained o lorig s time.;I 'eould ndt commandl suftlcient resolution to challenge it, ;r summon any one to my aidt-for I felt :as though deprived of all energy ; and, in fact, I was so during the .who e iame of myiviitt:tliough my inse uofpeiceptiou and con ciounness was painfully acute. The e'xpression of the eountenanee-witis peculaerly tnilld,anti tohe rich dark locks fallingahbout the forehead end shouldir-, andt'o,oustaehios of the same hue, showed in liornid reliel i ainst tihe ashy, chillinig, and livid Ilh of the f?ie. I"e wiro it doublet oi a kind of cheiolate colour, riehljy meroinilderei 'with gold l.ce: full loose ireeches " of a' yellow ' leather, orninirnted un:fornly with the doublet, andtfrom each was u.-pendetl a bune? o, iabbon, adornedt with a ineala tag reaehi;lg doown to.tile broad anld drooping tops idf his light rus.ot boot A lar?e traivelling claok of dark. blue cloth reached from thellhotdders down to. theheels,}lhanging io full ibbl? 'tiir ille left arm, which was extended towards the fin place of my apartmet. . ... While I was arizing on him in stupid astonishment ind ti rror, Ihe raie: "his r-ight hand, and lifted from hi, hi' .ad hio bload lable- fe.thered hit, and paorting his dark lcks, lie discivered to my otunisend sight, a deep indf lhnttlev woundi il tie centre of his monl¢,.forehied, and sittl signs and ges?ieulntion' that I could:not clearly co iprehend, he cetmrid to warn me of some imlpndliit Iianger. IIHrroning 0s thIosight oas.t.; my feelings,.it imns t mere: nthitng to whiat I sufferewt iwen I bene d l,0n sl.,wi' and alihost 'imlnperepitibly, advance tow.tl tine tpt where I ay ; und fixih his drk piereingnie up u mie for neid;ly a ,'iii htt. hid me in a more paiinlul and horrih.e inactoi y thian the iosioisk 'is-aid t". hol. ',tnvidti!d in. For full a minute wis I enxposed tot,. ioedi g ze of I he"phntoto " mwitlout thliw'pJwer.of-'i u, inn iny head aototlter way, or addres ing it. At length it ,etiremd towards the waiuscot- and roising both its hand: inn the'attitude of prayer, op,urently .wraitped ii deep contemplation for nearly .hree u nutes, and then sul denly dtsnppe.red-sinking into tle flor ai'thi hultom o' the iitn a taonting. .' ' ':. As yoti mtoy well iuppose I did not close my eyes agahi that uight; but as soon as it wls light. I proceeded tt nuy ndlord's ro , roun l.im, n h d deimanded to settl, my" acoutl?, lor 1 ittermnied int t?y owni mintid never t leqnuter the hntu-e which was visited in o supethumnai r ni..ner:' ,\Witi'ti.nias uient idhis'coutenO?an, he r, - 'ceit ed thedamoulit of tity 'tnt,;at th smittidnue inifurini. i?hat aod eu e utl i sa ume dislike to muy p!rtuneltt i luove bhima un eon ie ineswer" ni left I.u ;) et' i thought 'observed ia kind of lurkirig' consciouistess something wrong in his cruune.natce, anl .L'noutbed'ni) that. heowas anwa e of tine tnmyteriotus vn.ts?.f the a p. ,rntion. And so it proved in thIe ed: tfor hapt,eiog II meet I ii'ntnt'day in Ihe park. I jt'hiui tri'cunil- s hat it' was reported in tae nertghbiurh.od that: the house nind pnrnie?nirly the room in ,whic.h l-slpt. was imuinttl by the tioubled spinit of a young cava ier of Chres the Sreontd'S (days said to havIbe.u mundered in Ih.ht room; and; he oddet, that duling the time he.h.d;kept nhe hiauce, ntd iet tlan nine per ona hod left that apartmennt on account if the' trange itiosehhealrn thereof a'night; he oaid hne e'mneealei this fr'oinme, fe?uing I mhight add one ttoole to the hat of lolgeos this superniatural visioui hma d.-prnved him of. , IDeeply have L suffered the buffets of the world sin'e that time, and mouch poverty .bae I endured; yet weer, thousaods offered tme r? pas. another night in t.al room, I shou d have refraed. This is the ba-is on which I ouila toy laidtiin niupernoturtal lp,?ranci.s; 'and os far a reason aund artti.;irt imay go t. ridleu e nod confute the idea of the eci:tenee o f'uch' thin;gs,, l tust be allo lirmnly to petrsst in believiug that watuich my own eyes have been witness to. Y You sap," said the judge, .to a German who way tried! for, bigamyn " the dergytninu who marriedyou to your first itife uuthurised you to l?ke sixteen lWhat do you mlean by, that?"'-- Vell," said Huns; "he dolld mie dit I 'shoulid have four petter, fout vorier, fouar rich, r,aid .'four.. boorer-aud in oui counit r four tlinnieo four millike sixteen." iLooe's swbetest, meaning' are unspoken.' Theful heaii'doues"nu rhetoiit of words; it resoris to ,sighs and 'A lady moade-her -husband 'a present of a 'silve, drinkiing lu withIan angel at the bottom, and when site filled'it for hi' hii used'to' drinu i to the bottom, arid she .aked him why lie" dank":fer?y' drop " tde'ause,duaky," he said, IT Long, to see the dena littlo augel.' Upoi!Piwliich'sht had the ungel:tihbi: iut, and had a devil engraved at the bottom, andh b ilrnilk is off jl'u the '?mie,:and' she again, usked theI reaoon. I Why,': he replied, , because !I Won', leave the devila dropi.. . 