CHAPTER XLVIII.-JILTED. "No wadding !" screamed Mrs. Dulcimer, put ting down tho old silver tea-pot and staring aghast at nothing particular. " No wedding !" repeated tho Vicar. " No," answered Konrick, hoarsely, and with a hardness of manner which ho maintained all through that painful day. " She haB been fooling mo all this time. Sho has written to tell mo that Bhe never loved mo-and-at the last-it carno into her head that sho ought not to marry mo without loving mo. An after-thought. Ana she flings me fifty thousand pounds as a peace-offer ing. As you throw an importunate dog a biscuit, when you want him to follow you." "It is most extraordinary," exclaimed tho Vicar. " She was in such a hurry to pay off those mort gages before hor marriage. I thought she was romantically in love with you." "You don't understand," said Kenrick, "That was how sho meant to mako amends to me. She valued my love, my manhood, my self-respect, at fifty thousand pounds. I am paid in full, sho thinks, and I havo no right to complain." " "Wennon aro an inscrutable race," said tho Vioar. " I am a most unlucky woman," wailed Mrs. Duloimor, " I took such a pride in bringing Ken rick and Beatrix togothor-such an excollont jnatbh-s'o well suited to euch othbr-a largo for tune-a fine position in the country-title-every thing." " My love, it -will not mend the matter for you to got hysterical," remonstrated the Vicar. "Where are you going, Kenrick P" he aBkecl, as Kenrick moved toward the door. " To tho Water House. Where is Cyril ?" "He got an early cup of toa from Rebecca and went round to see some of his old parish ioners. He promised to be at tho church before ll." " A superfluous civility," said Kenrick. " lío doubt ho knew there would be no wedding." " Kenrick !" remonstrated Mrs. Dulcimer but Kenrick was gone. Ho walked down to the Water House faster than ho had ever walked there in his life, though Love had lent him Mercury's winged sandals. To-day rage and baffled love and gnawing jealousy drove him as fast as if they had been palpable scourges wielded hythe Furies. Everything looked very quiet at tho old Tudor house by the river. Tho butler came to the door. Miss Harofieldhad gone away with Madame Leon ard at 5 o'clock that morning. The carriage had taken them to the railway station at Great Yaf ford. No one hod gone with them but tho coach man,'and ho had not left his box. Tho porters had carried the luggage into tho station. Yes, thore was a good deal of luggage. The big cases wore to bo sent to a furniture warehouse in London. The house wns to romain in the caro of tho but ler and Mrs. Peters tho houskeeper. The serv ants wore to ho on board wngea. Mr. Scratehell was to nrrango everything. Mr. Scratehell cn me in while Sir Kenrick was questioning the butler. He too had received a letter from Beatrix, which he allowed Kenrick to read. " DEAR ME. SCRATOIIELL,-T am goingabroad, most likely for a long timo. Please reçoive the rents as usual, attend to all repairs, and pay in all moneys to the bank, as heretofore. I shall be obliged if you will givo the servants whatever allowance is liberal and proper for hoard wages. This had bettor ho paid monthly, in advance. Please seo that tho house and grounds are kept in good order, and that all my subscriptions to local and other charities are regularly paid. " Mr. Dulcimer is to have any money he re quires for his poor. "Yours very truly, "BEATRIX HAREFIELD." "Business-like," said Mr. Scratehell;"butI'm afraid the poor young woman is not quite right in her mind. Do you know what she has done about tho mortgages on your property ?" " Yes," answered Kenrick. " You don't sup pose I am going to keep the money ?" " I don't suppose you'd be so demented as to give it back," said Mr. Scratehell. " You'd botter keep it If she doesn't make ducks and drakes of it one way, she will another. What was your quarrel about ?" " Quarrel," echoed Kenrick, and then it occured to him that it was justas well to let this vulgarian Scratehell believe that he and Beatrix had quar relled. How could a pieoe of such common clay as Mr. Scratehell comprehend the finer feelings of human porcelain t Ho only thought it cracked There was nothing moro to ba discovered afc the Water House. Beatrix and her companion had gone. That was all. Misa Harefield had made her arrangements with coolness and prompt itude. It might be just possible to follow her, but to what end ? Kenrick went in quest of Cyril. After a good deal of inquiry he found him with a bedridden old woman, listening to a doleful story of the win ter's sufferings. " I want to talk to you, Cyril," said Kenrick ; and, with a gentle apology, Cyril cut short the dame's rambling account of her bodily ills, which threatened to be ae long as Madame Lafayette's description of tho Duchess of Orlean's fatal colic. "What is the matter, Ken ?" asked Cyril, when they were outside in the windy road. " You look as pale as a ghost." " There is to be no marriage. Beatrix has gone away-and you know all about it. You planned it together yesterday when you mot in the church yard." " Upon my honour, Konrick, I know nothing," answered the other, solemnly. "Why should I believe you? She, whom I thought tho noblest of women, has fooled and jilted mo. In whose honour am I to believe after that?" " Kenrick, I am deeply sorry for you." " Pray spare me that. Your pity would be the last drop of gall in my cup. Will you swear to me that you do not know where she is gone-that you had nothing to do with her going ?" " Directly, nothing," answered Cyril, very pale. His conscience smote him'for that sceno of yesterday. He had given the reins to passion ho, a man who had hitherto shaped his lifo upon principle. He felt himself guilty. " Directly, no. You are equivocating with me, as only your virtuous man can equivocate. You aro Phariseos, everyone of you, straining afc gnats and swallowing camels. What about your indirect influenco ? It was that which broke off my mar riage." " I mot 3Tour betrothed wife yesterday by acci dent. I was taken off my guard. In the bewilder ment of that moment I may have said foolish things-" " Yes, you urged her to break off her rnarringe. You left hoi- a year ago of your own accord. And now, finding that I had won hor, it carno into your head to try and take her away from mo. A manly course throughout." " Konrick, when I wont away, conscience was my dictator. Yesterday I let passion master me. I confess it with deepest humiliation. But, trust mo, if Beatrix did not lovo you, it is bettor-in finitely botter-that you and she should bo parted for ovor. No happiness would have aomo out of your union-" " Preach, your sermons to moro patient liston , erB," cried Eonrieft, savagely. " I will have none of them." And so the cousins parted. Kenrick went to Great Yafford to make inquiries at tho station ; but at that busy placo there had been nobody with leisure enough to particularise two ladies-one tall and the other short-going away by the 6 o'clock train. Neither Miss Harefiold's carriage nor Miss Harefield'*! person had made any impres sion upon the mind of tho porter who had carried her luggage into the station. Thero was a train started for London at 6, there was .'another that wont northward nt a quarter past. There was tko Liverpool train at G.30. She might have travelled by any ono of these. Kenrick went back to the Vicarage in n savage humour. No good could have como from the pur suit of his lost bride, but it waB hard not to know where she had gone. Fortunately Cyril passed him unawares on the road between the town and the village, so those two did not meet again. "I shall go to London to-morrow," Kenrick told the Dulcimers that evening, " and present my self at the War-office next day." " You want to go back to India directly P" asked tho Vicar. " Yes ; I shall cut short my leave by a month or six weeks." " Dear Kenrick, why not stop with us bill you recover your spirits after this cruel blow P" urged Mrs. Dulcimer. I "My kindest of friends, I could never recover my spirits at Little Yafford. Forgive me for say ing so, but tho place has become hateful to mo. Even your kindness could not make it endur able." "Kenrick is right," said the Vicar. "He has been very badly treated, and his profession will i bo his beat consolation." "There is ono thing that must be settled beforo II ge back to India," said Kenrick. " I must give -Miss Harefield-back her money. I cannot I carry that burden away with me. You are her ' guardian and one of nor trustees, Vicar. You ¡ and Mr. Scratchell must manage the business between you. I can only raise the money by a new mortgage. Would it not be best for Miss Harefield'e trustees to toke a. mortgage on my estate for tho amount they have advanced P I paid the other people only four per cent. I might pay her five." " I do not think she will take a mortgage. I do not believe she will take her money back in any form whatsoever," said the Vicar. " She has written me a letter whbh I shall show you when you are calmer and more disposed to forgiveness. It is a very touching lotter, full of truth and gen erous feeling. She has treated yon very badly she has been foolish, mistaken-but she is a noble girl and she is much to be pitied. You will be ungenerous if you insist on giving her back the money. Sho has more than enough without it." " I sholl be a mean hound if I keep it," said Kenrick. 