A PTER THE ELECTIOSf; (To the Editor of (kt> Bendhio AdvertiserJ Sir,—The general shout ought tii bfi> and from right thinking people is " Hurrah ! for old Bendigo;" They were the first words my hus band Stilt} tti jiik on Saturday uight, when he camo homo after trie brittle'/ I tjlici not need to ask him who were the successful fc'zifdidatesj, be cause I am sure he would not have uttered those words if any of the Berryites had got in. After (lo lidH crftisiluit my n'uriosity by telling me how the three old ffierrib'ers were placed; he said " Of course you know, peo'plfe iii this world never get all they deserve, or else Mr. Sl'Infyre would have headed the poll, but the other two may thank him for tho position they hold, for had it not been for hia straight determined hit ting out against Berry at every one of his meet ings, Sandhurst could not possibly have Bent in lliree staunch (/pp'ositicnistsi" I, with him, felt very disappointed tha't Mr. M'lutvre was third, knowing all the good lve had d'otrti, he ought to have gone in first,' but never mind, he promised to do as much for this place as' if he had. Well done Mr. M'lutyro, honor fa sure to gain the day, and you will win yet. But what about tho Independent Ananias ? I am sure all connected With that scurrilous paper must feel awfiilly Small, not Olio of their men being re tdruedi What will Blaokham do now ? Lost his seat ill Parliament; that Ananias was so sure of securing for him (iii fiiiit i<tr/ M'lutyre'a was at his disposal, by their version of tho story boforb th& election), lost his £50 a year for the Minify; Board, and uo prospect of getting either. i'fjc'r fellow 1 My hus band a&yd; he is sorry for him,- but lie thinks tho Sandhurst people (if rtsfeed) would present him with a walking stick and a pair of btiots to help him on his journey to try for some other plate next tiWe; say Maldon, to uusoat Mr. Service. As for Sterry and White, they are not in, and I am very pleased, for I think they would have beon quito out of their element among educated sensible inen, such as they would have had to associate with had they b'eⅈ ilfeCtad.- Ananias may well give up the ghost dot? with' r'c'spect to politics, for the men they held up it'ere not ge'o'd enough /or the Sandhurst people. We rtaiit i fieri, not. Non entities, nor turncoats to represent uo iu Parlia ment. What power would either Sterry, Blackham, or White have had in the House? None, I say, and so say all of us. All sensible people rtally thought Ananias would die a natural death after tho treinendouB defeat on Saturdayt but this morning "he" seemed convalescent enough to Write a short untruthful lettcf; trying to niake oUt that white is black, and thdt Mr; M'lntyre Said something he did not say (a falling of Ananias'). After my husband explained what Mr. M'Intyro did say, I juat thought that the Jiendigo Independent was well Darned Ananias, for all he (Mr. M'lutyre) had said has been misrepresented; from his speech in the tlieatre down to the declaration of the poll. My husbaud says ho is done with Ananias, and hones all right thinking people will give the Bexixgo Advertiser the support it deserves, for being so impartial in giving such truthful accounts of all meetings iu connection with £h<f election. Tho Sandhurst Ananias is even worse than flio Ananias of old, for the old Ananias only kept back part of the truth, and was punished accordingly, but what punishment does the Sandhurst Ananias deserve for keeping back all tho truth? Excommunication, 1 say, and so say all of us. Ananias' three candidates for next election will bo Edwards, Caroliu, and Perry. The prophecy is rather hazardsua, but my husband thinks tho longer we have to think over it the better, as it will take people a long time to And out all their yood qualities, and three years wiil not be too long. And now, as the election is over and I will have no more to write about, let me just give a parting salutation to Ananias in confidence. Speak the truth, cost what it may, even though it may hurt your fre.liniTs and eo aeainst your principles. Hurrah for old Beudiao ouce more.— •I am, yours, etc., SARAH J. THOMAS. Goldeu Square, 2nd March, 1S80. 