; NORTHERN JOTTINOS. By as Ibubb. Shortly the Clare folks will be peppered rwith Mr. Pepper's ghost— at least such is the intelligence heralded by a Fife, who plays upon the people's feelings by giving a vivid description of the spectral apparition. He first takes them up the high notes -of admiration, and then auietly drops them -lown into tbe minor scales of curiosity and perplexity. I am afraid that there will aot ?be i a ghost .of 'a stiver left in our pockets after the visit of Mr. Pepper's illusory ehadowB, and one storekeeper (be it under stood I am not alluding to the *' Scottish Chief') ia already forecasting direful results in consequence. But then he lias his eye always on the main chance, and thinks that people will be converted into good or evil .spirits quite soon enough without pay ing for such a luxury in this earthly world. However,- his mind is too mercenary to be trusted, bo bring along : at least a peck of Pepper's ghosts please, Mr. Fife. What a pleasant world thia would be if the long-credit system were swept off its surface. An honest and industrious man often starts ljusihess with a limited capital. He labors on cheerfully to reach the top of the ladder, and when nearing the desired eminence Mr. Credit comes sneakingly along, topples him over, and probably blasts his prospects for life; Mr. Credit has many euch victims almost daily to torture, and it affords ium infinite pleasure to witness their embarrassment. A man in receipt of a weekly salary knows exactly now far that amount ~ will go, and by overstepping the line ha is simply robbing somebody of his just dues, and hence a confiding tradesman suffers through ihe debtor's impecunioaity. Thelaw^uniehesaneedy man for stealing a pair of boots, but the ruffian who swindles 'his neighbor -out of hundreds of pounds througn Eis craftiness gets off perhaps with an unsuspended second-class certificate, and the world, thinking he has oeen harshly treated, feels 'compassion -for the knave. Too much credit has been the bane of many an honest man who has hopelessly striven to Burmonnt difficulties, find as an antidote let' the business men give the cash trade a turn.. '. : . The Port Adelaide paper says that the chess match between Clare and the Port lias fallen throngjb. in consequence of the dare men wanting to play against four only of the third- class players in the Port club, whereas the latter, would not play with less then five a side. This statement : is not cor rect, as the Ularee wished to avoid 'third- class' players, and hence having only four men in the first-class they were anxious to bring none but the best available talent for ward to have a friendly contest. The same journal also states that^the Clare club is shortly to Idee its best player, Mr. A. W. Hill. For the flake of argument I will ad mit that Mr. Hill, is most skilful at the game, but to myniind he.has not yet gained that distinction. .Please, Mr. Derrington, wben next yon say anything about Clare let it be tbe whole-truth, or let us severely alone. Amonin'or two ago somebody stole a tab from a poor widow named Mrs. Harris, and ever since she has been in Btraitened circumstances, because without her tab she cannot pay her rent and make both ends aneet. ffihe party who prigged the article will hand it back again fihe will prav jn dssaanflyforhun. ??.;. \\\, [ . 