Bill Skelton and his Gun Before commencing my yarn about Bill, a glimpse of the country, at the time his mistake occural may not be deem'd uninteresting. All the known country blest with water north of Gawlertown, was occupied by a few individuals. Mr. McCulloch, on the River Light; Mr. Peters, Gum Creek ; Messrs. Horrocks, Penwortham ; Mr. Jacobs, a little to the west of Penwortham ; Mr. Hughes, not far from the present township of Clare; Mr. Hawker Bungaree ; Mr. Campbell, Hill River. The farthest stations to the north were those of Mr. Hughes, at the Springs near the ' Never Never' creek. Over the high range on a creek, Mr. Campbell had a Heifer Station, Dr. Browne had a flock or two somewhere to the south of Mr. Hawker's. Those comprised the lot, and the lot would have had but few additions to their number for many years had it not been for a fortunate circumstance. I was then a trooper at Bungaree. My comrade and I used to patrol the country as far as the Burra Creek in this direction, and then as far as Campbell's Heifer Station the other way. The hutkeeper at that Heifer Station was destined to be the man, to give South Australia the greatest lift it has, or ever will have. His name was Tom Picket, he dis- covered the Burra Mine. Previous to that discovery the future look'd more gloomy than it has ever done since. My comrade and I had little to do, the only rogues being the blacks, and and their fear of us was occasioned by the same superstitious feeling, which used to make children fear a ghost, something of the kind it must have been, there being only two of us and our beat was well black'd and exten sive. Tho gentry tried very hard to carry out an old English custom or two, but they collapsed. Mr. Horrocks had a pack of hounds, kept them a considerable time, but they being great consumers of time, money and grub, all precious in a new country, they, the hounds, gradually disappeared. I write ' gradually' for if my memory serves me well, some were boiled down to feed the rest. I may here mention that Mr. Horrocks had a camel, because that particular camel belongs or has a place in our history. Mr. Horrocks gave a fabulous price for it, he intended it to supply the place of bullocks and drays, he made one trip with it from Gawlertown, then the beast got away and took up its quarters in the Hill River Ranges, a portion of which the 'camels hump' received, and keeps its name from the circum stance. It was captured and brought back and met with an accident thusly. Nothing living or dead will frighten a horse, more than a camel, you may be riding a miserable hack going at the rate of three or four miles an hour with persuasion, should you suddenly meet a camel your hack will stare, snort, and be off with instant rapidity going faster then, than he ever did before. Our gentry had tethered the camel with a long chain to a stump and for some trifling wager, were endeavour ing to get their horses to go towards the camel, the one going nearest winning. As the horse approached the camel would make a dart, and in one of those darts he turned over and hurt his hip. It must have recovered the use of the limb, for the ungainly, hideous beast, was eventually the innocent cause of its masters death. He went exploring, and while camping or rest ing, his loaded double barrel, with its butt on the ground was leaning against the camel, the beast shook itself and somehow caused the gun to go off, the charge lodged in Mr. Horrocks head, he was brought back to Pen wortham, and there died, the camel was shot over his grave by his brother Mr. Arthur Horrocks. That was the end of the camel. Our rides were very monotonous, seldom meeting, seeing, or hearing anything worth remembrance. At the extreme end of our beat the blacks were bold, the hut- keeper had to be constantly on the guard. On this Burra Creek they used to carry a gun in one hand and a bucket in the other when they went for water. The shepherds may have been often alarmed but I do not re member of any being hurt, it was the custodian of the 'grub department' who ran the greatest risk. The natives were a miserable lot. I often expressed an opinion at that time they would soon die out. All their customs were revolting, and no animals ever moved on the earth, could beat them for dirt. I came across a black lubra once, on the top of the ' Never Never' range, hunt ing for possums or grubs, she had slung at her back in a sort of banket arrange ment a little halt- cast piccaninny, it was perfectly naked and extremely dirty, and seem'd to be asleep, it was in the winter-time and I was on the windward side of her or I should have found out sooner that the child was dead. Wild dogs are numerous and des tructive, sheep had to be yarded every night in hurdles or strong brush yards. At one of Mr. Hughes out-stations a very jolly young fellow was hut keeping. He was a runaway sailor and always ripe for fun. His name was Billy Skelton. Mr. Hughes had thought it more economical to supply his hands with wheat, a small handnill, sieves, &c.; He lost by it. Bill seldom worked it himself, the blacks, who did, kept a sharp eye on Bill, and when a chance occurred, moved his bag, and placed their own. under the spout. It was sometime before he discovered the ruse when he did, of course he was obliged to take to it himself. The work was too hard for Bill, therefore to ' Cook' the machine, he substituted rusty nails for wheat. The dogs were very troublesome at Bill's place. Arriving there one evening, we found Bill, busily employed fashioning a piece of wood with his axe. The piece of wood was about 2½ feet long, and he informed us he was mak ing a gun stock. He then produced the barrel and lock of an old German flint musket, the barrel was at the least 6 feet long. His only tools were the axe and his pocket knife. We left him in the morning as we had previously found him, working at his gun, and sanguine as to the result. About three weeks or a month after we were round that quarter again, and as usual stayed at the Springs. Mr. Hughes was absent on his run, he returned some time after dark when he heard of our being there he sent for my comrade. My mate returned with a long face, and told me, that Skelton had finish'd his gun, and finished a black fellow with it The next morning we, with Mr. Hughes, rode to Bill's hut. The black had been killed acci dentally. We had a good look at the gun, it was a little over eight feet loug : the stock fastened to the barrel with ropeyarn. It was an unwieldy thing, and nothing but pure accident could cause it to hit any object. Bill had been letting it off occi ally, lashing it to a tree, and then pull ing the trigger with a string at respect ble distance. The evening previous he had removed it from the tree, and lashed it securely to the doorpost of the hut. The night was fine, the moon sometime past the full, and it rose immediately before the hut door. Just as it was rising, the sheep were rush'd in the yard, the nearest side of which was about fifty yards from the hut. Bill and the Shepherd look'd out and indistinctly saw what they thought was a wild dog. Old Mogue the shepherd secreted himself somewhere inside and Bill stood as far back as he could and pulled the string. It made a tremendous report, and that in truth was all Bill required it to do. Some little time after ' Old Mogue' went outside and fancied he heard a moaning noise by the yard. They went and there found a thump ing big blackfellow on the ground. They carried him into the hut, and there he would have remained the night, had not his mates who I pre sume had been anxiously waiting for mutton and his return, commenced making a fearful noise. Bill shouted to them and they came. They removed him from inside and laid him at the back of the hut, placed a few bushes about a foot high in a half circle round his head, made a small fire at his feet and left him. The poor tellow in his agony had put his feet in the fire and the heat had raised the skin, so as to give his feet the appearance of having slippers on. We came to the conclusion it was a case of ' Sarve him light,' a hole was made and he was put therein. We were returning home and met Mr. Hawker, we told him what had happened.' He agreed with us in the main point but told us that Skelton must be brought before him. A warrant was issued for Skelton and a summons for his only witness ' Old Mogue.' I went with them. My prisoner and his witness gave me no trouble but the tremendous gun was a dreadful bore. Bill was tried and acquitted, but that was not the end of it. Old Mogue the shepherd went on to where Clare now is to see some friends, they had some grog, of which Mogue freely partook. He left Clare with a bottle or two and walked safely as far as the Broughton River, he was last seen where Bundaleer now is, and never seen afterwards. We were out looking for him for sometime, but found no trace, but when the affair came to the ears of the ' Black Protector' he rip'd it open again. Another warrant was issued for Bill, the poor fellow was apprehended at the whale fishery, Encounter Bay, and brought to Adelaide on foot I suppose, handcuffed. His only witness was lost my com rade said all he could in his favor, but it was no use, Skelton was kept in gaol, for nearly two years and would have remained there much longer, had not Mr. Bartley and Mr. Hughes, worked miracles for him. It is very, very easy to get in a scrape, and sometimes very very difficult to get out of it 