Tuesday. NEW YEARS EYE. The principal streets of the city were occupied by large crowds on New Tear's Eve, Bundle-street particularly pnt on its Saturday night's face as far as the passenger traffic was concerned. Very few shops, however, were opened, with the exception of those ef th batchers, tobacconists, fruiterers, and of a few of the drapers and general furnishers. Until the moon had risen to a sufficient height to illumine the street the dense masses of moving humanity wore a somewhat sombre aspect, except here and there where a brilliant patch of light was projected on to the pavement from some hotel or shop. In Bundlestreet the Tork Hotel lights, and in Hindleystreet the lights of Mr. Hanton, fruiterer, were the most noticeable. Avery peculiar sameness was to be observed in all the butchers' shops, Their decorations in greenery and ornamental scrolls were seen in all their pristine vigour, but where were the huge rounds of beef which last week graced the shop boards ? Where were the plump turkeys, gaunt geese, dainty ducks, and other specimens of poultry which but last week so feelingly appealed to every Christmaskeeper's pocket? They .had vanished. The flaring gas-jets only shone upon bare boards and empty meat-hooks, save here and there where a despised shin of beef or a discarded string of sausages dangled despondently as if they felt that their mission in the world was still unaccomplished. The various places of amusement were not well filled, people following the custom of New Year's Eve long since established in Adelaide of promenading the streets with a determination worthy of a better cause. The bells were tolled at various intervals of the evening, bnt inconsistently with the popular idea of the proprieties the chimes were rung long before midnight, until which period the orthodox wodld only desire to hear themtolL Watch-night services were held at Christ Church, North Adelaide, at the Kent Town Wesley&n; Church, and at other sacred edifices. As the night wore cm the crowds decreased slightly, but became more demonstrative, many groups of persons who had evidently been keeping up the New Tear in a Tnnnpnr that is as ludicrous as it is well established every now and then bursting forth spontaneously into cheering without any visible cause whatever except their own abnormal excitement. The Military Band, under the conduct of Mr. Oughton, promenaded the principal streets playing popular airs. They assembled at 9 p.m. and first marched to Government House, in front of which they played the National Anthem. His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois came out and briefly addressed the Band, happily touching upon the festive season, and concluding by wishing eveiy one present "A Happy New Tear." Three cheers were given for Her Majesty, His Excellency, and for Lady Jervois. The Band then serenaded Colonel Downes, His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T Smith, M.P.), and Major Godwin. It had been their intention to play in front of the houses of several other distinguished citizens, but want of time prevented this being done. The Band marched, playing the while popular airs, to the Town Hall, in front of which building they arrived when the old year was within ten minutes of giving up the ghost. A large crowd followed them, and when a halt was made the street in front of the Town TT«H was thronged with spectators. An undercurrent of joviality was pre-eminently noticeable, and soon manifested itself in cheers, which were given for anythingand fornothing. As the Post- OfEce clock struck the knell of the parting year theBand struck up the National Anthem, completely drowning the sound of the twelve expiring gasps of the year 1879. Afttr this " Auld Lang Syne" and the " Song of Australia" were played, the crowd vociferously cheering, and one or two slightly elevated individuals dancing a reel meanwhile. After this theBand disbanded, but it was a considerable time before the streets were reduced to their normal quietness. 