THE PALE HORSE AND ITS RIDER. Mil. MATTHEW BURNETT'S SERMON IN PIRIE- STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH ON 9TH MAY. BY W. J. S. Pirie-street Wesleyan Church was thronged to its utmost capacity on Sunday evening last by an audience assembled to witness the fifth of Mr. Matthew Burnett's series of Sunday evening services. The opening hymns were announced, the first prayer delivered, and the lesson read by Rev. R. S. Caseley. After sketching the programme for the ensuing week's work, MR. BURNETT said—I have selected the subject of this evening's address because you have had recently, not far from the city, your ANNUAL RACE MEETING, and for a number of years I have always endeavored, particularly when laboring in and around Melbourne—(and in the providence of God it was my honor and privilege to be there, I think, three sucessive years juBt after and in connection with what is known in Melbourne as the Cup Day)— I have always made it my business to deliver my address on the PALE HOUSE AND IIS RIDER in connection with the annual race, knowing as I did then, and knowing as I do now, that there are many who go to these races (and more especially of our young men) and who become BO infatuated, not merely with the running of the horses, but with the betting connected with the events of the day, that I have felt again and again that it is my solemn duty, as one of the servants of the Lord Most High, and one who has been for many years interested, in young men, that I should sound the > ; ; > alarm-bell and hold up a beacon to remind young men of the dangers which are nigh at hand, and of the rocks and shoals and quicksands ahead of them. If to- night in any way I succeed in checking §ven in one young man a desire for betting in connection with our racecourses, I shall feel indeed that I have not spoken in vain. THE TEXT. Revelation vi. 7, 8—" And when he had opened the fourth seal I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see. " And I looked, and behold a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was Death, and hell followed with him ; and power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth to kill with sword, aud with hunger, and with death, aud witli the beasts of the earth." The Revelation of St. John the Divine we have always regarded as one of the most remarkable parts of the Old and New Testament Scriptures. There is much contained in these Revelations which has never yet been fully understood even by the mightiest intellects that the Church of Jesus Christ in the ages past has known ; aud there are in connection with this book many things that we can never hope fully to understand uutil the revelation of the last great and decisive day. Yet there is no portion of the Bible to which we, as Christian men and women, are more indebted for much of the knowledge that we possess which refers to that world of inexpressible beauty and grandeur, which "eye hath not seen or ear heard, nor yet hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive"—the heaven that is above us. To- night it will be my solemn duty to draw your attention to the chapter (Rev. ch. 6) which was read by my reverend friend, Mr. Caseley, as the lesson of this evening, and to especially direct your attention to THE FOUR IIORSES which are represented there, and of which I purpose, by God's help, to speak to you, but more particularly of the last, the Pale Horse and its Rider. You will distinctly understand that this is symbolical language which has its own interpretation. Take, for example, the firstnamed, THE WHITE HORSE, which is intended to set forth the Gospel of the ever blessed Son of God. And when for a moment you remember what that Gospel has accomplished, commencing with the City of Jerusalem, and on to the great day of Pentecost; the mighty triumphs of that Gospel during the first three centuries in the Christian era, when a very large portion of the then known world was subjugated and claimed for Christ; and when you remember what that Gospel has done—done for our beloved island-home, Britain, the land where our forefathers sleep; when you remember what Britain was when the Gospel was first introduced there, and when you remember the position—the proud and enviable position which Britain claims to possess to-night among the civilised nations of the earth : the mistress of the seas, the monarch of the world; when you remember what that Gospel has done, more especially within the last century—I speak not of the Free States of America, or of the whole of the Southern Hemisphere, of which we in South Australia, among the group of the colonies, form a distinct part—but I refer to India and to China, that vast empire of which we as yet know 60 little ; when you think of the South Sea Islands and Fiji, and remember what the Gospel has done for what was formerly an island of cannibals ; and when you remember to-night the position which that Gospel sustains before God and in the eyes of the nations of the earth—the millions who have been subjugated and won to Christ; and when I contemplate (as I do to-night, in common with millions who stand identified with Christ's visible Church of every name) the triumphs of that Gospel —when I do all this my whole soul is filled with emotion, and I offer the fervent prayer—"O Tliou. who art riding swiftly to-night among the nations of the earth with Thy bow in Thy hand, and with a crown upon Thy royal head, ride on prosperously, until every nation, and kindred, and clime, and tongue have been won to the Father; that Thou, 0 Christ, who didst die for all the world, mayst present that world to Him as the eternal fruit of Thy death and of Thy passion." I look again, and 1 observe that the second is A RED HORSE, and then I am reminded of that cruel word, war. And I remember, to- night, as I review the history of the past and call to mind the millions of my fellowmen who have been slain by the power of the sword, and then, as I think of the desolation which war has made, of the families which have been made sorrowful, of the hearts which have been rent and torn asundel'; as I remember the fathers who have been taken away, and who have left behind them widows and fatherless children—I offer the prayer that the day may soon dawn in the history of our civilised world when the nations shall learn to war no more, but when "they shall bend their swerds into ploughshares and then- spears into pruningliooks," and when kings, and queens, and other mighty men who rule the nations shall settle all their differences, whatever they may' be, on the principles of equity and of truth; when the Prince of Peace shall reign among the millions of the peoples of the earth; and when the whole world shall be knit together in a bond of common brotherhood. This is our earnest wish, our fervent prayer. I look again, and I observe that the next is A BLACK HORSE, and then I am reminded of "the pestilence that walketh in darkness, and of the destruction that wasteth at noonday." I think of famine, and I remember the hearths and homes, the villages and towns and cities that have been rendered desolate by that one word, Famine. I pray God, to-night, fervently that in these young colonies no such pestilence may be permitted by divine providence to overtake us. I remember, to-night, what famine has done for India and for China within the last few years, and what it did for Ireland; and I remember, too, the sorrow and distress which have moved millions of Christian hearts with the last few months in various parts of Ireland ; and I pray again that there may never come to us a period when the same ruin shall be experienced, but I trust we shall use the blessings of divine providence while we have them, and not abuse them; and that we may continue to recognise the hand that supplies all our needs, both temporal and spiritual, and so consecrate our gold, and silver, and wealth, and all we possess to God, and to God's honor and glory, so that, when any emergency may arise, out of our abundance we may have enough and to spare, to dispense to those around us. Fourth and last, the chapter speaks of A PALE HORSE and " him that sat on him was Death, and hell followed after.'" We are taken back by these words six thousand years—taken back to the creation of the world—and we remember that death was then unknown. I need not remind you of the language of the great apostle Paul, which is clear and explicit on this point, (" As by one man," &c.;) but " The day that thou ei.test of the forbidden fruit thou shalt die," were the words spoken by Jehovah to His noblest created work—man. And you wiil remember that he was further told, after he had broken that command, " Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return; " and during that vast space of time which has elapsed since then, with two honorable exceptions—Enoch, who for the space of three hundred years walked with God and was taken by the Lord ; and Elijah, who after bearing such a powerful testimony for God, wa3 taken body and soul in a royal chariot to heaven—with the exception of the honored names I have just mentioned, the millions upon millions, the myriads of of earth who have passed oft'the active stage of time into a vast and fathomless eternity—all have gone to their definite reward—either to share the eternal and unchangeable glories of heaven, or the unmitigated and eternal sorrows of hell; they have all paid the penalty, the penalty of sin, which includes (1) the death of the body, and then (2) the death of the soul. And here permit me to remark that we are indebted to the Scriptures for all that we know concerning the nature of that provision which was made by the eternal Father for man's redemption and for man's recovery from the wreck and the ruin of the first terrible and shameful fall—for his restoration unto the moral likeness aud image of God, and eventually his restoration to a second Eden, when paradise shall be regained, and when man shall have the royal crown placed upon his head and the palm of victory in his right hand, and when he shall stand before the throne and sing the universal song of triumph unto " Him who hath loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own blood, and hath made us kings and priests; to Him be honor and dominion for ever and ever; amen !" And I rejoice to bear testimony to the importance of that great cardinal doctrine ; it lays the foundation here for all our spiritual and eternal life hereafter—I mean the doctrine of the ATONEMENT OF JESUS CHRIST. " Who died for our sins, and rose again for our justification ; who is seated on high ; who led captivity captive, and received gifts for men, even for the rebellious also —it is to Him we owe our spiritual standing here, and to Him we owe our eternal and undying destiny hereafter. Every true Christian man and woman present, and throughout Christendom, when they contemplate the pale horse with its rider overtaking them, when that solemn event may transpire, do it calmly and do it deliberately. They know that He whom we delight to call and claim our Redeemer, Deliverer, Leader, righteous Advocate with God, even the Father, the reigning head of His Church, the imperial head of the" whole Church throughout the world—He has passed before them through the valley of the shadow of death ; He hanged, and suffered, and groaned, and died on the Cross; He rose again from the dead ; He ascended back to His Father and to His God— trusting in the merits of His death and relying only on that great atoning sacrifice which He offered up unto God, when He paid down as an equivalent for the sins of the whole world the price of His own blood. Trusting only in Him by the indwelling presence of God, the Holy Ghost, the Sanctifier, and in the application of the precious blood of the Saviour, they triumph in the hour of death." Let the pale horse and its rider come to such an one ; let him come in any hour of the day ; let him come in any watch of the night, and the Christian can say, " Welcome ! Welcome! Welcome ! 0 Thou, who art represented as the king of terrors, strike thy dart; I am ready: I have made my peace with my God ; I have settled the solemn and momentous business of my soul for time, eternity, life, death, earth, heaven. Come when thou mayest receive thy commission from my loving Father. I am ready." He may come as he came a few years ago, to the royal palace, and take the beloved Consort of our lawful reigning sovereign lady, Queen Victoria; and then in a short time he pursues, steady to his purpose, his onward march, and ON, AND ON, AND ON HE GOES ! with swifter than liglituing-epeed; and yonder in the north of England, hundreds of feet in the bowels of the earth, whilst men and boys are at work in the coal-pits : there the pale horse and its rider i are found.! And on, and on, and on he pursues his wav, never halting for one moment, regardless of age, regardless of nationality, regardless of position in society or in the church; the young, the fair, the beautiful; men and women in middle life, the aged, and those who are trembling, shivering on the confines of the grave, and hanging by a thread over the vast fathomless eternity beyond. Everywhere alike he pursues his work. I stand by the side of the sea, and I behold in the Bay of Biscay that new steamer, THE ILL-FATED LONDON, destined for one of our southern ports. I remember to-night, as I stand here, all the circumstances surrounding that sad aud solemn and awful scene. I recall to xnind how THE REV. MR. DRAPER, one of the early pioneers of a large section of the Church in South Australia and the other colonieshow that devoted servant of God (whom the Archbishop of York, when referring to his removal from earth to heaven, described as " that holy man of God")—that servant of the Lord Most High, standing up to his middle in water, and knowing as he did, that all on board must perish; I see him there with a faith equal to the emergency—a faith that lifts him to God and to God's eternal throne. When the captain had assured him that all hope of escape had fled, I remember how calmly the man of God reminded the passengers of THE PORT OF HEAVEN, which might be gained; and then how he prayed to his Father that souls might be converted by hundreds. And there, amidst the foaming billows, dashing all round and about them—there the Pale Horse came! Oh! how welcome! "It matters not," says the child of God, " when Death is permitted to come. He may come and take me, like the officer on duty; he may take this body and deposit it in its mother earth, from whence it came. The servant of the Lord most high, his minister, may stand over my tomb, and my friends may shed the last tear of love and affection over that tomb. It matters not; my spirit will wing its upward flight to God ; I shall go into eternity, and there, in my Father's house—the mansion of the just, where the spirits of the just made perfect shall dwell—I too shall dwell forever. Glory to God, and to the Lamb ! At this juncture Mr. Burnett requested the audience to sing these verses of the beautiful 49th hymn of Sankey's collection :— Give me the wings of faith, to rise Within tho veil, aud see The saints above; how great their joys, How bright their glories be. Many are the friends who are waiting to-day Happy on the golden strand ; Many are the voices calling us away To join their glorious band; Calling us away; calling us away; Calling to the better land. Once they were mourners here below, Aud poured out cries and tears; They wrestled hard, as we do now, With 6ins, and doubts, and fears. The response was hearty, and the effect most impressive. Continuing, Mr. Burnett said :— And now, in applying this solemn subject to that portion of the congregation who have not yet made their peace with God, who have not sought by repentance and faith in Jesus Christ that peace which passeth all understanding, and who are as yet strangers to God aud to the commonwealth of Israel. Allow me in conclusion to appeal to you. I have already spoken of the atonement of Jesus Christ as laying the foundation of the hope of many hundreds of Christians present, and of millions more throughout the world; but I have for a few moinen s to address you. I have to remind you of the fact that, though you were created by God for high and for Godlike purposes ; though you were redeemed with the precious blood of His Son, and though you have been permitted to live and enjoy the bounties of Divine Providence for twenty, or forty, or fifty, and some for even three-score and ten years,—I have to remind you that if the pale horse and its rider were to overtake you to-night, or on your journey home, or during the remainder of the month on which you have just entered, or the rest of the year —if he were to overtake you, no matter how or when or where, and you were cut down in a moment by some TERRIBLE ACCIDENT, which no human prudence or human forethought could conceive or even avert; or you were in a few hours seized with some sickness that should prove unto death—when fever shall overtake you, and when perhaps reason shall be dethroned, when the strong man and the strong woman shall be rendered weak and helpless as a child, and when in a few short days, or weeks at the longest, you shall be summoned to appear before God; or whether by the slow waste of consumption, gradually and stealthily and almost unseen by the observant eye of loved and trusted friend and of skilled physician, imperceptibly the Pale Horse and its Rider shall overtake you—it matters not. The young man and the fair maiden, with the rose blooming fresh on their cheeks, and with hope and expectation throbbing high within their breasts; fathers and mothers, in the meridian day of life ; the merchant, as he stands in his office or on the Exchange; the stales' man, with the affairs of the nation to a great extent resting upon him ; the minister of religion, engaged in his great and godlike mission—all alike, when ever the Pale Horse shall come, must instantly pass away from the transitory scenes of time to the never-ending scenes of eternity. The solemn question that I have to submit is this—that there ate hundreds in this congregation who are not prepared for his solemn appioach. Shall I describe them ? There is, for instance, the backslider at heart, and the open backslider in life, who have crucified afresh the Son of God, and put Him to an open shame; there is the formalist, the cold and lifeless professor. There are many who for years have sat under the sound of the Gospel, who have heard hundreds and thousands of Gospel sermons, but have never as yet experienced the great change of heart—regeneration. There are many others outside the pale of our churches—for example, the men of the world, who live only for self and the amassing of gold and of silver. Then there are men of pleasure. There is, for instance, the gambler, the horse-racer, the drunkard, and many other votaries of pleasure, who live not for God or His honor or glory, bu t only for pleasure and the gratification —many of them—of those desires which have not been satisfied in Jesus Christ. Oh, will you allow me to appeal to such to-night P The pale horse may even now be on your track, and ere another Sabbath you may be summoned into the awful presence of your God. No sooner will death come than Hades will open to receive you ; and then in that solemn and awful hour, remember, just as you have lived so you will die. 0 God, search every heart to-night, aud prepare the unprepared, the unconverted, for that solemn and awful hour! Oh, what a solemn hour that will be! You will enter eternity, and then you will commence a terror that shall have no termination. And now I have finally to remind you that a great day will follow— THE DAY OF JUDGMENT. Then your final doom will be fixed, and that doom will be fixed for ever! Sinner! thy passage lies across the brink Of many a threatening wave, And hell beneath has stood to see thee sink Yet Jesus liveB to save! Come and see Christ seated on His Imperial throne high up in the heavens! He waits now to welcome thee to His loving heart. Gome to Him 1 Repent now at the footstool of Divine mercy! Let thy tears of genuine sorrow on account of sin now be •witnessed by thy loving Father in heaven! Now let thy prayer ascend to His throne— "GOD BE MERCIFUL TO ME, A SINNER." Now let thy petition intermingle with the prayer of Jesus' at the throne of God. Let me remind such an one, whether young or old, rich or poor, educated or illiterate, strict moralist or formalist, or sinner of the deepest dye—let me remind you that if you will but come to God through Christ, and repent at the footstool of mercy on account of all your past sins, that God will inspire within your hearts that living faith, which whosoever receiveth shall "Witness iu himself the power, And consciously believe." And then, commencing to-night, your path shall be upward, onward, homeward, heavenward, and you shall eventually take your place and sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Israel, and all the good and the pure that have ever lived, in the kingdom of our God and of His Christ. May God bless you for His name's sake. Amen and amen ! The sermon, of which the above is a verbatim report, occupied fifty-five minutes, and was listened to with rapt attention. At the prayer-meeting which was held subsequently, a number of persons found their way to the penitent-form. Mr. Burnett was assisted in this latter service by Revs. T. Lloyd, 11\. S. Caseley, and others. 