THE LATE MR. MATTHEW DAW- m SON. T The death was announced last week n by telegraph of Mr Matthew Dawson, 0 the celebrated trainer, who for one em- s ployer (Lord Falmouth) has won over o £100,000 in stakes alone during the i past four years. The following sketch r of Mr Dawson, which appeared some short time back in the World, will be read with interest : The scene is at Newmarket, celebrated for sausages and horse-racing. A quarter of a century ago the great representative trainer of racehorses dwelt afar from the historic Heath. While John Scott abode at Malton the thoughts of owners, backers, and bookmakers, and the spyglasses of in numerable touts were directed towards Langton Wold. Whitewall was a show place of which Yorkshiremen - horsiest of mortals-were justly proud. The Leger was almost farmed by the Great Northern stable, which counted amongst its supporters the late Lord Derby, Mr Bowes, and the present Lord Falmouth, at the time he rejoiced in the nomt de courses of Mr E. T. Valentine. All this is changed. The glory of the turf has faded from Langton Wold and settled upon Newmarket. In the year when Red Eagle won the Cambridgeshire there were not 200 horses at Newmarket. Now there are few short of 1000. By degrees trainers have harked back to the ancient metropolis of the turf, where light-hearted Torn D'Urfey sang his song before the Merry Monarch. From the Berkshire Downs came hither a few years ago Mr Matthew-called by his friends and admirers 'Mat'-Dawson, on whom the mantle of John Scott may fairly have said to have fallen. A thick-set active man of some five-and-fifty summers greets us heartily as we step into his sanctum at Heath House. His rosy features-of that particular tint which can only be acquired by the costant contemplation of horse flesh-are surrounded by a fringe of whiskers; his still abundant locks are but slightly touched with grey. There is, saving the peculiar and otherwise indes cribable hue already referred to, nothing of a sporting character in the appearance of Matthew Dawson. His make-up is of the severe-almost clerical-order, and his demeanour and conversation are sin gularly free from any trace of the stable. He is one of the most genial of Scots, but a strenuous worker withal, equal not only to the task of training an immense stud of horses, but of entering them judiciously for forthcoming events, no light task, be it remembered ; for if a brilliant young one be not engaged deeply enough he may be almost valueless, whereas if one who fails to fulfil his yearling promise be heavily engaged his perpetual forfeits wear his hapless owner to the bone. The thankless task of selecting the distances and particular courses over which a horse is suited by his conformation to run vell occupies much anxious thought, and the contemplation of a string of those things of beauty--yearling thoroughbreds-is anything but a joy for ever to the man whose reputation is staked on their career. If there is nothing indicative of the stable mind in the appearance and man ner of the master of Heath House, there are plenty ofsigns of it in hisssurroundings. A bookcase reveals a regiment of Racing Calendars and other volumes proper to the "sport of kings," but is not entirely occupied by them, for Matthew Dawson, true to his nationality, does not confine his reading to a professional groove. The walls of the pleasant room, looking on to a lawn as smooth as a billiard-table, are hung with portraits of equinecelebrities high mettled racers of stainless pedigree, whose glory is enshrined for ever in the studbook. First of these in antiquity, as in renown, is Eclipse. The picture is by Stubbs, and agrees in general features with the features by Sartorius, in which poor Fred Verrall, that prince of handicappers, took so much pride. There is the famous white- footed, white-faced chesnut, foaled in a year of eclipse, and destined to dis tance whole fields of horses and win a for. tune for his owner, the notorious O'Kelly, who, risen from the rank of a chairman, lived to wax wroth because he was not ad. mitted into the sacred circle of the Jockey Club. The son of Marske is not a pretty horse to the eye, but there is a game, re solute look about his rather coarse head, lines of vigour in his remarkable forehead, and unmistakable propelling power in his ragged hips. In Mr Dawson's picture the horse is saddled almost on the withers, and the jockey in the scarlet-and- black cap, since adopted by Mr Cartwright, is hurrying to mount with a gay and con fident look, widely differing from the seri ous, not to say sullen, glance now in fashion. Over the fireplace hangs a hardly less celebrated animal-Alice Hawthorn, the dam of Thormanby, winner of the Derby, and one of the household gods of the Dawsons. Of the famous chesnut Thormanby-the honest son of Wind. bound -there are memorials in plenty. On one side hangs his portrait in oils; on the otherstandsa statuettlo of him in silver; and a magnificent whisk is made out of the tail-curiously flecked with the whalebone white hairs - which he showed to the Wizard as they shot past the post for the Derby. Never was a more exciting race than that run on the day that Albert Smith died. Three horses were backed for enormous sums, and it was difficult to say which was favourite for money at the finish. The American horse Umpire had many followers ; all Yorkshire plunged on the Wizard, and the partisans of the yel low jacket - the original Westminster colours, temporarily borne by Mr Merry -staked heavily on Thormanby. The Wizard was trained by old John Scott, named after him, and had besides the pre stige which always attaches to the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas, while Thormanby had only his two,year-old re putation and the opinion of Matthew Dawson to support him. It is true that out of thirteen two-year-old races he had won nine, but three-year-old form is more taking to the general public. Thormanby's trainer had good cause for his confidence. Cape Flyaway, from Whitewall, and Nor thern Light, from Russley, had run a severe race, finishing so close toagethler that their form might almost be considered identical. It was known and publicly stated that the Wizard was a stone better than Cape Flyaway ; but it was only after a regular trial with jockeys up at Russley that Matthew Dawson knew his horse was twenty-one pounds better than Northern Light. Mr Merry then backed his repro sentative for a great stake at short odds, and is said to have woe nearly £100,000. But it was a nearer thing than the decision of the Judge indicated, for only forty. eight hours after the race Thormanby suffered from an attack of strangles, from which he never thoroughly recovered dur ing the season. He made a poor fight for the famous Leger in which St. Albans romped home; but a grand show in the Ascot Cup next year. Above the picture of Alice Hawthorn is Kincraft, a Derby winner, with his owner, Lord Falmouth, standing by his side, a gift from his Lordship to his trainer. Kingcraft, who during his career on the turf was the best abused horse of his time, was hardly as good as he was handsome, although he did win the Derby from a poor eld of horses. Next comes a capital por trait of Tom Alderoft, in the French grey jsaeke~ sad red cap of Admiral Harcourt, mounted on Ellinxton, a horse trained by Tom Dawson at Middleham, and the win ner of one of the most sensational Derbies on record. To this day may be found serious men who assert that several pounds of mercury, concealed in a whip weighed gr in and out with, but not carried in the di race, made the great event a certainty, th and hint darkly that Caractacus owed his tl success to a device of a somewhat similar fit kind; but these stories, like that of the tl man who saw the clock over the Wellin; fa tonClub with the W covered by the hands, fi and accepted the tip, belong rather to the romance than reality of the racecourse. V Discoursing pleasantly of turf history n and turf legend, the trainer of Thormanby b and Kingcraft, Dundee and Buckstone, t Spinaway, Camballo, and Lioness points 5 with his gold double eyeglass to a magnith- n cent portrait of Old Fisherman after his to retirement from racing, and to another of e Wild Dayrell, one of the greatest horses of t modern days. Between these is the gallant t black,alniost blue-black-Saunterer, some- I time the property of Jock o' Fairfield,from whom he passed to Mr Merry, who won followed by the sudden death of a popular j nobleman under circumstances which i caused much painful remark. It was during his connection with Matthew I Dawson that Mr Merry achieved those victories which made the boy in yellow the guardian angel of backers and the des 1 pair of the ring. Born of true racing stock-a son of old George Dawson, who 1 trained at Gullane, in Haddingtonshire r young Matthew had already made his mrak. Whilst the elder of the four · brothers now training, Tom Dawson, of i Thorngill, Middleham, was winning the f Leger with Blue Bonnet, Matthew was · training the home stud at Eglinton,whence he returned to Gullane to train Era, the t winner of the Northumberland Plate and the Liverpool Cup. He next trained for Lord John Scott, a famous all-round ,f sportsman of the best and highest type, t winning the Oaks with Catharine Hayes, the Metropolitan with Caunobie, many races with the Reiver, and the two-year g old engagements of the famous Robbie ° Noble, who, with some other good horses ,f -notably Stockwell, the prince of sires wd as incomprehensibly beaten in the Derby of 1852 by the pony Daniel O'Rourke. It was a lucky stroke of business for Lord t John Scott to get six thousand five hundred guineas for Hobbie Noble after d the July Meeting of 1851, and Mr Merry, who bought him, acquired the honour of e having paid more for a two- year-old than had ever been paid in the history of the e the turf. Mr Dawson sets particular e store by a relic of this period of his career S-an inkstand in the form of a duck, life a size, in oxidised silver, presented to him e by Lord JohnScott on winning the Black , Duck Stakes at the York Summer Meet e ing of 1854 with Rambling Katie. This 1I costly produce stake owes its name to the e White Swan Hotel at York, where it was , instituted by Lord Glasgow, Lord John Scott, and a few other gentlemen, who t did not think 1000 sovereigns-300 for r feit-too heavy a stake to venture on animals yet unborn. .e The Heath House establishment was i- originally built, we believe, by Lord e Stamford for Joseph Dawson, but ulti mately came into the hands of his brother, g Having been made on purpose, it is every e thing that a great training establishment .y should be. Looking over the nice patch I, of training-ground, called for some incom le prehensible reason the '"Severals," to be wards the abode of Judge Clark at Fair o stead, Heath House is handy to the Bury e Hill. At the rear of the tree-embowered \- dwelling is a quadrangle of stables, all m, well appointed, spick and span, and to silent as the grave. There is a hardly per ts ceptible bustle as the horses return from y evercise,but silence is the order of the day. h The long strings of terribly high-bred r. cattle glide out of the stable on to the a, Severals and Bury Hill noiselessly as i sheeted ghosts. Pace and direction are indicated by a wave of the hat or a.move ment of the hand. All fall into position r in mechanical regularity. Even the f, yearlings seems impressed with a sense of coming dignity, and move gravely, as if they knew how much money they are 'y destined to carry. At afternoon time the y horses of name and fame, the cynosure e- of touts, the hope of backers, the t dread of the ring, are quietly bestowed in 1 the stable, their work having been done n at an early hour soon after sunrise, in re fact, but not too early for the keen eyes, ,, which can recognise any animal trained at .k Newmarket through the thickest of is clothing, and make a shrewd guess at his n' condition besides. Touting must be a \- profitable pursuit if, as we ;are told, the in head of the profession at Newmarket ly makes £1000 a-year. The trainers at n, head-quarters appear to entertain far less he horror of thq indigenous tout than of the of army of horse-watchere who invade the Ut town just before a great race. These out d- siders are a sore trial and a vexation, y. from their rough manners and objection an able intrusiveness. Almost as exasperat t'; ing are the persons who, without the he slightest claim to the confidence .of a e trainer, pelt him with letters, of which he the following, received just before the he race for the Middle Park Plate, is a fair Ce sample :-" From - of -- to Mr M. rt Dawson, Newmarket. . Dear Sir - You sd will excuse me taking the liberty of to writing to you. I should feel exceedingly he obliged if you would let me know if you ad are going to win with Lord Falmouth's n filly. I am, sir, yours truly --." r From the period of. this pleasant con nection with Lord John Scott until now, 1 Matthew Dawson has ever eschewed fanci tt, ful theories and hard-and-fast rules of ,e training. It was said of thd two famous er trainers of his early years--John Scott ie and old John Day-that the formner e- always leant towards flesh, preferring to , run his horses a little above themselves, bat while John Day would insist on galloping ad them till the last ounce of superfluous fat re was removed. MIatthew Dawson may be , designated an eclectic trainer, fully recog e nising the value of each of the older r systems in particular cases, but viewing a every horse under his care as a patient ier requirmg special treatment according to ed his individualJconstitution. It is unneces-. s1y sary to tell any lover of animals that ;e, every dog and every horse has his pect Sliarities of constitution and temper. Old ey Thunder, for instance, "all game and ,e bottom" in the actual race, was one of the Smost nervous animals at exercise. When e- walking with the rest of the string he would fret himself into so profuse a lather Sthat it was found impossible to keep any n flesh on his bones.. Removed from com panionship hlie displayed no trace of irrita tion, but took to his work as kindly as to m his corn. ir- As we saunter throulgh the stables onl a or warns afternoon the cats (without which os no racing establishment would be com ae plete) sit blinking their eyes at the sun, looking as wise as only owls and cats can is look, and the calm of the place becomes if r, possible more intense than ever. On aSunday, perhaps, a lower deep of stillness r. is reached. It is only broken in the even me ing, when Mrs Dawson, who takes great s, pride in her regiment of tiny apprentices, s, reads evening service, and the boys lift mr up their voices and sing with a vigoulr and r accuracy which speak well for the skill of y their teacher and the soundness of their b, lungs. 