w IT U not • plptiint ciuog to keep writing p in aoppcrrt o{ the acbeste of retrencfameiit o wfaidi the Mictatry ia canjisg oot. To do o mo looks fifca gkwtmg over miaerj «nd o misfortune.; sod DO paper carta eboal wicomg A cbaracter of thi» nseaviAbie deacripUOB. Ba: the duty of aapporting the Midsu;, with co little pertineocy, in tfae e taak which it bu tafceo In famd, ia farced p upon a* by the] extraordinary antic* which the Conaervative paper* foep indulging in orer theKredoctioiia; And, to aay the k®at of tfaoae locabrationa, they Are of • very fol*o(ne «&d; udcexong Bature. The Coneervative pwpeca ace-bowling daily over thia matter, aa tfaoogfa some gnat wrong w»* bfeiBg done, wad naif'the MiMatry tiWrally revelled in tbe work it i< poshing to fruition. Bat, aa * auttar of fact, a rf*L, poaitive, good is being accomplisbed by tijeaeredoctSooA; altbaagfa no one regret* more the conrae that baa to be pozsoed than the Ministry doee. Bat it feels it ha* a dot; to perform to the public; and it will not allow any sentiment or abuse to interfere with the discharge of that dot;. In tii» respect, all impartial pemoiia must admit the Miliiatry to be right, jut tbe aame aa would be deaerving of tbe haraheat cencnre if it bad avoided this obligation. How does tie case «tai>d, briefly pnt ? Tbe reply ia very clear, and oogbt tobe condnsive to every person, the Conserralive paper* cot excepted. When the Ministry took office i found the financesin anything bnt a flourish ing atate, and the departmeota immenaely overcrowded. It was alao charged by the poblk to bring down tbe coat of tfae service, which everybody at that time freely admitted to be excessive? What coold it do? What coold it alone do? -Obviously, tfae answer is, it waa bound to reduce the strength and cost of the departments. There waa not enough wwfe lor the m- phAjit to dci; and the Usances would not stand any needless burden. What more reasonable, then, than to rednce tbe number of employee, relieve the Treasury of what it coold not stand, and thus to lighten the pressure on die finances ? The reply of tfae Conservative papers ia that the Minis try should have drawn np a aoaod and comprebecai re scheme to effect the end desired, and then no misery woald have been caused amongst the evi pluyee. Bat this i* the ahalloweat Donsena that coold well be published. It is&U; thia, becaoee there is not a single suggestion con tained in thia cry—all being pare generalisation ; and everybody knows there is nothing at au in & oail of this sort. It is aD (his also, because it waa utterly impossible to cot down expenses without dismissing some of the emjAoyit. What does the manufacturer or the commercial man do when he finds bis expenses exceeding bis receipt* and a number of his men doing nothing; lie reduces the strength of bis staff, winnows out all excrescdhces from his stock of labor, end thus makes both ends meet, if he cannot realise anything beyond thia position. The Ministry fcmnd itself in the same fix when it entered upon the cares and duties of office. It found scores of men in the departments doing little or nothing, or at the beat two doing tbe work of one. It also found the expenditure of the Treasury overrunning the receipts daily. There was nothing else for it, then, bnt to red ace the manual strength of tbe departments; and it proceeded to do thia just the same as the manufacturer or the commercial man wonld do, when either of them fonnd his affair* the same condition. The Ministry dispensed with the services of those employet it did not require, And resolved to cat down the stipends of those tyho remain; and by this means no less a som than £180,000 a year will be saved to tbe country, without the efficiency of the departments being any way crippled. For the Gonserva live papers, then, to rail Against what the Ministry has done, and ia still doing, with the Civil Service, seems to as to ba criticism of the most contemptible kind, for the best of nil regions that the Government coold take no other course than the one bag adopUfl. There was only one wty meet a depleted Treutuy, and to get rid of the superabundance of labor which the Ministry footid to prevail. That way the Ministry has puriued; and nothing, therefare, but party or political «pleen, or petty prejudice, can challenge i'a action. No doubt it is to be regretted that any'ofiSdd should bave to be die misled, jast the same aa it ia to be regretted that miner* in this district .should havehad to be! discharged of late jiecaute certain companiprbrcee down. Bat where would be the fairness of asking the taxpayers' to keep on a notnber of men in thedep&rtments;, w ho werenatjreqnired there, ast because some --miaery would "be caused {ty their removal ? Clearly there would be none; aud it ia impossible thatthia jsommon sense view of the case can be reasonably disputed. The departments must ba carried on as private business is carried on—there moat be sufficient men ia them; bnt none to spare. Thia has not been the role in the past, but It will have to be dw rale in the future ; for thia taxpayers can stand AO other system. Al! most regret that the ranks of the unemployed sbouUbes wollen by discharged jditil servants, because • certain smonnt of distress is sun to be the result of this expansion. B^tb^iM^try l^ to take this coarse to meet a declining rerenoe; to pqt an end to * superabundance of: employes in' the service of the State, and to relievo the tupayers of an- unnecessary oatUy; aqd it is impoarible, therefor*, to see how t|p Jliofstqr cm be„ b)!«:>«narded wlfli any show^www. ^ Yrt Ae Ooa^ intense wrong had been doDa,flr as <boqgb die only persons to ooasider In this matter were the members of Oe Civil Service. Once more we say it is to be regretted that any reductions in tbs CSril Service had to bel&M;^rtodiAmta ithm1xoo&k4aa;*,»omto cf fee c«trj-,*dto keepMtkvitli (begeoeral pcsfic; and •cy paper, tfaeiefare, which find* Wtwi4lie Kktetyb thk caae,shova tett tola« tak ngwd «r the good uf tie axa^rj, than Itadevtre to linimi 4boae «ie sot of itaom pcty. Itetame wtich the Gavernaect hM trfffijt fei tia» cue been tboroogblj aomd; no lea direct cr poudn isB^uee vrodd do iatSice to 3a IT is gratifying to aee that a Farias Factory is about to be started in Ballarat, and that a company is bang formed for tbe purpose. As we shewed last Friday, the -cosversSoc of tfae wetjAns of potatoes^ thk distact into farina snd u arrowroot" ir a wisecaone topoT»se,tosave thatorer_ pins from rotting away; and msch good wSI result to tbe fanners ban its adoption. here is aometinag more, however, than the K w anufacture of farica and "arrowroot," b hich tbe wr company should take in taTpitiM ud; and Mthiz can be done by a very light extension of tbe plant required for aonfactnriag farina, we bnpe tbae oBedSng vae viB be ondert*kai._ The mw osmpmy abould also embark in the asofacture of starch and glucose, from which far greater reanlta can be obtained han are eveo expected from the manufacture f farina. In the latest Government return e fi»d that 884,726 lb of starch was imorted into this colony in 1879, of the value f £17,80*; while ghtcose to the extent f 13,044 cwt, of the value of £15,421 was btained in the aame manner. Here are products to the gross value of £33,225. which might just aa well be manufactured very year here as faroaght across the ea; md there can be very little doobt that if only proper care and enterprise were shown, the new company about to start in Ballarat could command the market is these articles, because there is no better raw material for these prodects in the world than tfae Victorian potatoes. Starch it protected by an import duty of 2d a lb, and glucose by a duty of 3s per cwt; so that ample encouragement is afforded by the State to embark in these mnnnfactnres. The proceaa of starch U well known, and need not, therefore, be described here. It wSl be enfSoent to say that the facility with which potatoes part with their starcb, aad the simplicity of the whole process, are well andemtood fay every industrious housewife of the old school, a! though to make starch from wheat requires a greater amount of appliances, akin, and labor. To make glucose, or grape sugar, however, is not so generally known, and, therefore, we will give a brief outline of the process. -Starch is the raw material of glocose or grape sugar, which is similar in character and composition to tbe crystallised «ugar observed in raisins and honey. Starch immersed in water, ia treated witii a very weak solution of aolphoric add, sod the product speedily becomes sugar. The acid is neutralised with dbalk; and tbe resnlting compound, after being concentrated and dped, is glucose, or grape sugar. We can easily supply the details, if required; but for the present tbe above will be quite aufEdent for our purpose. Now, supposing the new Farica Company in Ballarat combined the manufacture of " arrowroot," starch, and glucose with the manufacture of farina, it would establish ODS of the finest industries In this district whkh it coold boast of. Glucose, or grape sugar, is need largely by the brewers; and it ia a wholesome kind of sngar to nse in the manufacture of beer. It readily sells at about six times the price of farina, or at about four times the price cf starch.' It ia also oaed largdy by distiller* and confectioners, and farther in the manufacture of textile fabrics. Hence, the' demand for glacose, like the demand? for starch and farina, i« alwaya in a lively or active condition amongst us. If, then, the promoters of the new Farina Factory added these products ta the list of manufactures, it worild open op a great field of enterprise, and there can be very tittle doubt do good alike to capital and labor. And the company abould certainly make these additions to its plane, for two reasons. The first ia because tfae cost of additional plant, to what is required to make farina and " arrowroot," would be very trifling; and tbe second is because it would always pay handsomely to convert potatoes into starch and glucose, no matter what price In reason potatoes might rise to; whereas If the price of potatoes ever rose again to £5 or £6" a ton, it might not pay so handsomely to convert the potatoes into farina. Thus, by adding starch and glucose to the products of the'new factory, Jt could alwaya be kept continually at work, yielding excellent dividends to those who would incest their capital in the ventnre, and opening up a large field for the employment of labor. We throw out this anggestion to the new company, and trust it will not be indifferent to the advice here given. At present there are over 6000 tons of potatoes in this district alone going to waste; and all these potatoes fcodd be tamed into a good round snm of money very speedily if the Farina Company embarked in itp ventnre in the comprehensive mannerheread viced. At the same time, the farmers in ens ning seasons wonld alwaya be able to find a readymarket, whenever their aupply of potatoes was in excess cf ordinaty requirement!—a state of things which of ,coarse nu; l)e readily expected. We liopet then, to see the Farina Company embark in Jhe project it haa taken op broadly ? and-well, and not be too restricted in its If it doe* this, ftmay look forward to a very profitable career;. and the farmers and general public «rQl have every reason to beWBU ^eaied with the-pluck -of-those gentlemen who met last Saturday in BaUarat-to call such a osefol project into existence. Ballarat seldom does anything by halves; and we hope it-wfll :j»naa<ifnply """"tjain its we -earned reputation in this ventnre. St* Honor J oigeSmylb sat a^n yesterday in the County Oosrt,acd tliepo*edof all the boslaasB with {be tK»plion of two «ssss—Bray r Jiattea. and -Andrawa .v fiogas—which will be dealt with cm eatnrd*3rf«bal6tbloataat. A rallser sessional rmaway occnrred at Seaisdale on 8«ttmdsy«?ternoon last, and osnsed • Uitle exoitsmentlatbe town Mr David Wilson, who lives ia thai Avonolift naddod^-Vas pnltimr a yoong bom fa the dray, wiec tbe acimU took fright at eomSttdog, and bdtia before tbe tnewfaing waa fastened. The terrilled snhiafl lumped the three-ralM fenoe, breaking down two or three pueU.galaedtbetnln atieet, and galloped ttrongb t oaredale at a forfams paoe A* be'was paaslcg Mr Carnegie'a tilackainlth'a «bop a yt asg niu named Hawkins ran ant, and -at considerabteridc to bimaelt, managed So aecpre tbe nias aid *Kn the raoaway circa 16 Mr Tfcnng"*, the stddler's. Tbe plucky act Of yOnngBawldilll dpaer|M acmeTe- ««nldoa,« teste U no teDtag what damage might luvebeendotaebat tor^UooDragaonaaaUan. < • A yonng man named JTndarlsk Bsfles, oiiai jm. llaais. was brought b^ore Ue Town Iwoch. tm ttsnasid, yesterday mondng. oharged with damsgiag attaet. Tbe prisoner jras JSned jOOt and JESIOS daatage* In all, In dafatdtofpayment to w^tegorfxtyi i f a f l H m w i & iuM, Bssafart, yasisrdsy. Fneent—Messrs B. Barnes (In (he obatV M'Ccoald, Omamiag, Thorns*, and Blsolair(*oiTa^aadsnt) Correspondence—rrpm U» secretary «( tb* Xdnoatlon Pspartmant, Maltothe butnoi BWa aobool L»t ayfcHCTntt^iLlWai.1. L KnJnd-^FrOB Mr J. wfafc rejxjrt ot ecbnl 1157, grrtrg render, Jrto wfci± B *pneerad tbe* Mr Porter*s (ft* tmi teu&er;} exsrtfcas Vm TifrV- a j «. teOsri^cenu_U-iiugLi- fae T-T1-—' h hit en npert—Rco W.T Tsi is. IsaiTtrarfrrr Vaietioo oied.(ilib( <fbt be&cSosi; to lake IgBBKB Esknfesdback 'e^sin to bin oe aexKxX of Hi redeem, acd ttattenionrsfa The tate'i' I lisialto *as iiieaiiliiiiil ss kleilm smil i t e u W U toicba the toy'i fliber to "that —rrosn tba troxi officer, njjortixg cr caaec lor nefleciinj to eead dSSdnm the rescind ssadcr cf d.ya. ron were brccgbtcpaitte Istt pi^iB effit Btartnl— A cfrcslar frOE J 6anSbnrEt T-«r, airroaOtg the eeaUutssesl of alcana ia all Strte Hteblc. Eaeettei —Froac ibe inspector cf oikxl bmSSsgs. istint 1b wcrid be at Bfasfcrt fitzte ccteol osaantiindaie. Tbe dalmieii reported that be tie teseedor oe tiae date aeniloaied, aad tbet to tbe w e a£d s^'erackn* as rscgr^mrriVd by Ox board he carried oot- Tb- cbainoaz rxmrd tbat (be Mlaieter of BaHwayt be ctki oc wiast terms tt^cttidm; «t Stale id**.-'* in tae noctb rifiitg ci vcsld b: conveyed v> Kelbcstze to see tbe • xtSUOsm ssd beak, a&d; aaUrg for paa»«!a»» and tnggMrtTTit Ouiiei It reoiiTeSk: ad: Oie i isittcr, fc tie event cf a Ejesial tr»ic bsfcg grained, b h'lier ti» «blMiee. vben reterdne. ecadd doee j y any or&z;*iy train. It nu deeded ti vriie to c he £afiarat. ^rszs£. and Etaw^i Mbool botfdacl bee jviae, a-i^gtbeistjaoopefa'eiGtbesievmiest.— te eJUMptgldBct wa» Imlfcttofl t3 -wrte In tbe deertosct ud f>ict <ax ttai a taecber'e wilMti ifaittra' GcIK is rot rrqeired and to sscgee* tbst a: E ie Ksis M a bat tcr tie ttxeber 1» vagaaiy t weded. Thie action vra* tales en tbe snSee of Mr M'DoosUU ceowded by Mr W. O. Tbcnts a mf 1 h* ir-iiBKTj rating oi the pjs Erigvae icu beU cn Konday nigbt; (JapcaSa Morris Is tbs ebalr. Xbe eeenetaiy repated tsat be bad taken m i' '•. eecsie oocsiioEc fresi xbe mi4BC £se ior^rfi*™! 1 "' 1 " TbeEtgyrhwndsV brigade wrote iiritiig repnwulaiiret to :te atttaJ reo; ian ci tfcai brigade, ard ti ni ex^alfied that owing to tbe a vrestiMciepre#eeia^Teacon2dn<Aattend- Asizrvitation was mo moeind to Taplaln Morris to repreeenttbelx^adeataesealgatberiBecttte mea*cra of tbe BaaSbBret i- o. 1 Brgxdr oc Weii«sday. Tie tnastaer reported :He fiaandal potiaon of tbe brigade, -t-howiagaxietii ci X2C £» Tl» report waa re- OIVK!. Tbe finance oomritiee reeomoended payment asoorsnts amc-mtirg t^ £15 XS*. ai.d tbe repwtnasdapud. Uetsra WQUam Trahecaad jdsst £aa> were dteM (orjo>a<y).ad Mr George Gcddard aa baaozaaynaember of tbe brigade. Mr Pater Ossaly wtbe rwipJenl of a vsryceat and hsdmae tf^*"^1*' at tba steeling of tbe Ba'lant FUe Brigade last sight. There vereaboat tbirty •Kmbsre'Gf tte brigade f re-ent, and Oapuii: Mcnii occupied tbe chlir. 'ite ebiimas presented the tectlmaBl to Mr. Aosly in a lew very pleasing and ssjtabie remarks He reterref. in his ntcatkt. to tbe valnabb aervisea Mr Cezily had rerrierad the aisoe bis conneetisn witb it. TSe addzeta waa read, aa follows" To Peter Oats';, Efq—Dttr Sir—Ve tbe tsembert of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, dedre to emij to yoc our ainoere and lxartlek tbank£ for tbe ^indneei ebowa by ytm on MTOS! oeosdou in o^adssting niasial entertusoeofs for tbe brigade. We fn'ly appr«<£<te tbe valuable fierrioes rendered by Jim cm oar bebalf, and tbe encoeec cf tbe entertusse^ts is dae to year cnttricg energy and penevetmoee. We know that tbe aa^tosoe eocbeeiftliy given by jcb jnsetoocopy alar«e proportion <f ytmr ti*neT and wa feel that ft is not is ctir power viihin the lien's of this adireas to fnlly reeompenaeyon for sJi year tronUe. bat rest asswed that tbe members wisl alw.js entertain agiatefol r^sneisbraaoe of JT, not only as a i£D4csl ocndoctor. betas a privitr citizen. In cosdtuion we earnestly wi«b success and bappioeas tn yonrEelfecd family, and ho^e joc may erjgylorgllfe and pro^srity. We respeetfollj rebtcrite onrrelTM, cm behalf of tbe brigade—GSOECE MOBSIE rapvin: Wk. T. tciiBOVF«, hon. aecreiary. Oi- btr, 4th, 1S86." Tbe aldrese -was printed az.d Slnaicated by iir Charles Boyd, tjtnrt street, and en cased in a be*mif nl albam cf DOfOOOO leather, and was a most credi'able specimen cf typagrspbici^ ait, Mr Gtt.Iy replied in very appropriate terms, and siid be was each |deeeed witb tbe handsome rift. Be had alirays taken a great interest in tbe XSaDatat fire brigsdsf—not store for one thin the other. Be would alaays do bfsdsfy for the £*Harat£re brigades. 3 he {.retectation wca one wlnct be wcnld look "opon not uslj lor bis services rendered toarards the brigade, bnt oct cf reipeci wbicb be thought he was held in by Ue memberg. t'e cacc'ngtd by ajnin thinking tbe members of the trig«rie for tbe mark otestrem t fter the presentation the beaiibe of Mr f'azily and family were dnnt, and a fe v taste touts concluded ibe proceedings. John Brown was aeat to gaol for one month, at th Town Police Court, yreteid»y sreniirg. os a charge of stealing a pair of trooseis, raised at 10?, from tbe shop of Patrick Dolhtgny, Main etnet. t n.tber man ca^ed Vattbew Mcrnry received a sentence cf three nuictbV imprisonment tor etrallng an ovttc- at, vslufd at 35i, from tbe shop o! boloaoe Martin, Bridge street. We have been shown a very neat water-color p : c- tnre cf tbe steamer Ba-aU fjing on tbe rccts near Cape Jerris. It is tfcfi work uf Mr Eraest D. citocks, wbo is well and faroraLly known in this tows for works of this natnre. The ressel Is eeen in all Its proportions restisg on the rocks, and with tbe big ware parting over her beam when Ibe steam lauch was swamped. It is iatesfei to dispose of tLfs picture by an ar'-iticm. At the Town Police Coort yesterday morning Chinaman named'Ah a newarrivaliatbecolocy, was sentenced to six months 7 imprisonment cn four drffcreit etargoo of larceoy. Oar >ap'Jecns oorrcspondent iniiei" Tosr exoeLent artia!e on the potato »honId be etndied by all classes of tbe community, especially by th»e whom It aost ooncerna—the agrictLUnrists. I am glad to notice that your well-timed remarks are already bearing good frnit.as I no-ioe by this day's (Mondays) Courier tbitthe Ballarat Farina Company has just been formed, in view of tbe importance of chia eubject, perhaps yon «iil allow me space to give an extract troma reoent knglich pertedical cn the ' U«e ol the potato* It is at follows 1 Jn Faces idina is laigely need far cnUnary pnrpoeea. Tbe fsmed gravies, caanee, scdsonps cf Franoe are largely Indebted for tbalr excellence to tba".aonroe.and its bcetd and pastry aqoxiy EO, whiles great deal <f tbsaocsllel cognac, imported into knglasd from France, ia tbe prod act of tbe potato, ' Thronghoot Germany tile same usee are common. In Po land t'js manttfactnre of rpbiu frcm tbe potato is a most extensive trade 'Ctettin brandy,'well known in commerce, is largely imported into Ifagluid, and is sent Ir-ffl thence to many tf her fattSgi poseeosions as tbe produce of the grape, and Is placed on many a table In Sngland as the-same, while the fair ladiee of cmr conntry perfume tbemrclves willt the sprit of tbe potato, onder the deeignatian of " Kan & Cologce " Bnt there are other nees wblch this escolect is turned to abroad. Aftat extracting the farica tbe pulp 1s manufactured into ornamental articles, such at picture frames, scuff boxes, and several description* of toys, end tbe water that rnns from it fn the process of minufacture it a most Talnable scourer. Ftr perfectly deaceiog wooOans and ench like artloles. it Is the housewife's ptnacea ud U the wssbsrvouiu happem to htre diilUaliis. the beaamxs cared by the f p^ra- Hsn" The secretary of tho Hospital tfh uste correct two errors la the Ust of subscriptions published on the 1st iusUnt—his accidental omfsslcn of £5 5s reorfved from tbe r^amt Gas Compmy, and a Pinter's error of 3s in Mr J. Oampbellle sobacriptkm, wMch ebonld have been £3 Si Tbe aota»l total Is JE156 12S 3d, insteadof £1517a 3d as advertised. Mounted-constable Clarke of Emythesdate Icnudan old Cblntmtn, named Ah Bing, bagging frcm the shepkstpers in the street on Saturday last, and arrested b'm. He was brought before Mr Ketth.J P., yeeteidaj, and csBtene^d to ttree monthe' ImprfsonmcT-t ior vagraTicy. 0The usual fortnightly meeting ol the Sell Street Mntnsl Impiovement Association was held an Friday evening last; the president (Mr Gaigeeg) In the chair. An instructive essay itas read by Mr Weight, tbe vice^resfdent, sabjsot—"Tbe Holy -Ghost" Excellent readings were also given, by two of the members. Tb* bpnalisfca brought tbe meeting to a clcsi.' - klsewlKM is Inserted a nctice by Mr W. Little, as agent for the Trustees, Sncotors, and Agency Company, Umited, to (he effect that steps have been taken "to apply for probate cf the will of the late Mr K. Armstrong; and that all aocounls against the estate are to be eent In at once Saving In view that ihe deceased gent'eman was bnrird ocly tbe day before yesterday, tt is evident that the company Intends to conduct It* business in « prompt and satisfactory fashion. v Th? UEoal wer WymeeUDgof the Barkiy Street Mutual Improvement Assocfadrai was held last Tuesday evening, whoa the election of officers for tbe hslf-yesr took place, tnlrssolted as follows t —President. £ev W. A. Quick; vioe-presiarEts, J. Bell ami B M-Qr*gor (ce-elected); tescetaiy, Mr S. Bossenoe; treaaurer,' Mr J. L Settle; librarian, Kiss Bnssell (re-elected); auditors, Messrs Tsreoe and George: commi:tee, iiffi ooloock, - - - — Wbeder, Martin, Ofie, - - sua H-J. Gletiuy. After a vote of thanks to the retiring t-fflcera, the chairman dosed tbe meeting. There was no. SLtertsInment last evening at the oiiy Free"library Fine Arts Fxhibiiion, inoonsequmw ol the downpout fcl jwtbeloietbe lime lor opening pravenliug the attendance ci projmenafiers. We have received irom Uie Angio-Jewiah Asscdstion of London its ninth auras! report—a very vplumluc ui and readable production. ihe Indement slate oi the weather prevented any perfcrmanoe at the drcni lasti^gfat. The prlndpsl toplo tS oofiversstibn lu poHiloal dreles onMonday meaning (says the Gerald) has begin thalssdfng artiole in a morning contemporary, which ^aaaleil that R wis more I hall poeaible the Government wQlbe mst wifha vote of waEtof oonlldenoe on the re-assembling of Parlisment afler the FxhibitSon reoees. On initltuting an entndry, it bas been fonmd that tbare are strong grounds for the belie! that snft acdaitB is usrtonw talkedabout Bome fissadsfaoUon exlstaiatbeUornerat tbe aOsged want offsol^ion thMl^tlaObUCMMiiy In dssBcg with tbe-Varfoos matter* tn txmrtcUoB with the admlaistiatire work of the departments. SOB* dlssafjffled members, kis notdecled.aresdngatnainoiia efforts Wngwtwot a cosBtln wtth the OnweMcn, Mr Murray Emith aotli^ aa leader inplaoe <3 Hr tarvioe. Tlv> qaestion oc whloh the fight is expected to tunas off will-b* the conslderatioa ol the Kstimates. it is not expected, however, by tbe Ministry that tba attempt to oast Iknfm effioe trill besuuuessful., d i sjjlsl htteMbttf' poiiey ot noenetast bs« ml 1 I ™ Aseeetty. IrttensaHlMsltl**** that pnesare wBl be taragM to bet tn^tbe omcf tba HI isk lisil msBima stfke U W razty. >n» Ocwmteioarof Ocst EU (says da i»3»>)la« deci&itbB; K fBTfberelis^BSOrrBdoctloEa failk 5epertiaee* ate moee*»Tassj^gsfflatiOB cf effices ca 1 rev s ifltggg c^ wortinr eet Cla^WEteiadsthal tiealterasfces b* oable tbe noMk fcrafcaas ti ta fceMSrfwSh EreaariMMyaM wilB that Btotc,, triS^t. tl» effidssay «f . &e; degartaect behg , fep^rpd. Ee fe ""^/^^^^S^SflftS ^oembly oe 2h=»day be reaarked tbal hetbosgtt tte asmnl exoenSmre tzUti be redjMedfrna ££6Q0ato££C0!». la ail, £iij-£Te tc eSxty cEaiJJ Ian been IILII limed A TCTJES mac namsd George Iise cccaiSSra Pdade ys tbs Jfje) at Kaet Bri^ison t« FrtJsy Big" la«, tnatacrt iaai.ur. bydrowiieg tto ea is atukaci iring EM emptoysrs poasisM. If, wi» bad scly l-'-'j bsea rnrried. left Us rniteoe cs Friday raomliig to go to his work at Mr Warfft, where IK was eagagied. Eis absence from besne o=' FrfciiT tijrhl ec alnaei Us wife, il oocs-^eM* tf. sosie'thrnts .1 he i. had ssautot*kehisI>f«,atat six she tasted enqciifes tc be mvle,a£d a March lecclias in tLe bccT tie bosr in Uietark with the but is acd feet t&L; 'PimrStmtaOm mamafe cf deceased e bad been pa^ng atirrttfT tc a yocsg giri wbo rei< :uJ lit tJiliMil This ««tsed to tare cade feim crose, and be had feeqaecly thrs-tecM to t ex. Ut wi!e. aid tb-c tiafieit; sad it Is sowqvTe rijett thst bis mind was nnhii£ei vbsttja o nd to hit He Fromgectlemen bare jast ajiind from the ocata vrtX&nti; ^astra&m; Agitier} hare asoer- -'Tii acse inrtbec parti=niaxs a£rf>ot the nnfortonale mail fct* edll roualns In atgh tbe aame poeiden, lthoa^i her gcuwale Use is. If anything, a Bole ore earved. Apparently she is hoptisse'j istnsded, for as far as apjeuacces go it will oast more te get ter eff than sie is worth 6he seems to bt falrij aj^ed co tbe rock', jast forwards cf antidahipa. bai Bocarithsbadisg the rcsgh weather ahe has iXpetieucad, ictt cct appear to ban sustained acy taiAer series: da^aze. lwo or thsee large ahsrks re CJClineally "'"-c rorrd tbe vessel. One of the-e trniae ia no lees than 14 last kKg, and baa actually res away with three formidable books sad ~ fee. That tbe interest created by Ixfernstional Exfciti Moas draws people into aympsihy, wbo ptevi.nsly knew totfaicg of eacn r fher, ic iWrstralwi (eays tbe Age) by saesy little Iccdsata Bere is a rrcrnt o&e.; On his retcra {ram Uis PMadelpfcia ExbthtUoc, a weU-kBown Melbourne oe-Thaw met a party ol fan ignea at Dmrfmt, to wnom be gave aa anr.innt cf scBce of the thiegs that most iiter«trd feim, and aa,OGg bis hearers waa an intelligent yenag Anetriaa, to arbota be gave hi* card before leaving. This gen Igeuc diA ovts cf farther acqnsintscoe addressed a letter to h]s friend, but proved ldm<e^l sadly adrift ia his geography. The addresses oc bis Je3ar, which a-t-er a visage rsnnd tbe wodd bas saie'y arrived at its destination, - Locg acd Ceispsny, Sdbcnrce, If. Ameoea" PMladelphia acd Anstralia, were evidently placee, bat dlaly knows to the ABtrian. whoa* itforaaliaa vcBL ho wever, te qisedSy extended —thanks to tbe JrhMian. On Bitnndfy tcrenoon, at ten nmitries past eleven, his ExscBeccy the Govetcor received tie following tefegisa (says the -iryw) frcs tier Majesty the Quaea. ia refJy to tha telegram forwarded to Ber os the opening cf tfae ExHtitiax:^ Balmoral, 1st October, SJ> a c.—I thank you sincerely fcr you mast eatisfiacrj triegssia, and wish all postibie eccjeas to tbe trilbidon.—(bigned.) QrEES.' 1 As an iSnsirtlinn ol talegraphic despstrh, it may be mentioned that the Marqois at Hccnnntij'a telegram was despatched direst from the Exhibition at tec rrfr.nf^e to one on the f f .ernooc of Fridiy, lat October, eqciralcrt 10 three o'clock 00 Friday morning in England, so that the telegram Was tranamitted irom Me£t>oanie to Scotland, and the reinm message to Lord fiormacbj was despatched froa Bslmoal lor Metbcmoa ic a little over six ; and a«scmlng that at leut Ere hours cf that time were occupied In actual transndjeliiB. tbe message mast have travelled at an average speed of 2509 miles an hoor between - Melbonrne acd Loodcc, inclniiing all rep-al^. In point of Lori Kormacky's message, despatched at one o'ciaek la Kelboune, was received at Balmoral before line o'clock the same morain^r. Friday, 1st October, or, stiuge as ft may Tlem foir herns before it wa sent. When Her Majesty's reply was despatched the Governor meat have been jut receiving his guests for tbe dinner given th*t same cvenicg at Government Heme. A ere, then, WB hare tbe forwarding cf the message from MelMiniegiU recepticn by tb Queen at Balmoral, acd Her Maf-ssty's reply despatched all cn o&e; and the ease day" We believe that this is the greatest test tLat has been accampiishcdlu telegraphic commcnicaticc betweec Ctglat-d asd Australia. Lord Nonaanby airO d«pat^h:d a telegram to the Fricc; cf Wales, bu! TP to EILS o'clock as Eanday nigh: no reply tad teen reoeind Tbe ncmerous symp%ttJeers with the now exter tninaled Eelly gang of bcebranjrers is the Greta die trict are the Octuscad Merrm/ Adctrtuer Is teliibiy Informed by a residetit of that locality, showing eigns cf activity, iudic*tive of another gatg being formed to take Co tie rosds, not only with the ot-jret of emulating the daring deeds of the late s-otorioni outlaws, but also with the intention of avengirg thrir summary extisc:ion; so even more b?t>_dthir*ty outrages t&aswere; committed by the Keliyg and thetr con-, federa'-es may be perpeLrated. The police, however, are oc the fftii due—the stations is what are fru^poced to be infected localities being s:rergttei»d by additional members ci tbe force—and are re* 5 y at any mcment to tcppcue the slightest indication cf aa outbreak. The G overt.meet (s»ys the Agi) have ucdsrcMsd-ratl jc tbe desirability cf tolobig a vdenteer review at an early date. 1 he commander of the caral eqoadrop at present is tbe Bay has expressed his rwdicess to i-lace the troo^e acd vessels ccder his WRcmatid at the disposal of the Government ior the pnrpose cf a naval demonstration. In ail probability tbe Government will decide upon a sham fight in the Bay with tbe Oerberus and Kelson, acBistfri by the land foroes defending the P'rt against tfce invading loroe, which will in that case oonsist of the Wolverene, Cormorant, and Emerald. Particulars (says the Argja") of ihe floating of the Victorian loan are cow to hand Tbe average price chained was £101 13* g|d. from which aceraed interest to the arnocut of JEI103 has to be deducted. 5 per cect. deposit Is paid by tbe tenderers, acd tbe balance is to bs paid up on tbsSOlh October, eo that -the accrued interest is as neatly as possible as stated. Tbe loan was taken np by eighteen tenderers, Messrs Bering Bros, cecsring nearly one-half ol the whole amount, and SS5 tenderers were rrjected. On the Isst occasion the £3 000.0(0 loan was taken np by 427 tenderers. The present loan bas been secured by a few large operators who. ceei'fng tbe iavestmntt, offend a good price and c btained it. A very severe lecture (says the GttUng Albert ser) was given to John Bnggett. the artilleryman, when be appeared before ihe police magistrate at thec-- ortbouseon Cstnrday mdrnicg on charges of istutdcg behavior and assault. Buggett, wbo was attired fn tbe military unifenn whilst tinder infl jecoes sponger tha^ tljofe tndueed by an adherence to teinperuioe .principlrB, bad commitled effenoes egaiest tbe law on Friday night, alter coming from the Melbourne Exhibmoa. He had knockcd a woman down, and then assaulted a constable. When heron the bench Buggett eolicited for pardon, but the polios magistrate condemned him, pointed out bit cowardly action fn ill-astng a woman, and tte disgrace be had brought upon his fellow-artillerymen when wearing tbe Qsetn's uniform. Mr Heron hoped that the military authorities would take Hnggett's conduct into consideration without loss of ume, snd he fined the prisoner is, ia default one month's imprisonment. Knggett was one's a member of tbe Ballarat Eangers. Major Haehlelgb, of tbe Geelong Artillery Carpi, will flace Hnggett ender arrest immediately be is let out of gaoL The volnuteer uniform has been already ' taken charge of by the fierg-ant-maj of the carps There are some carions people in the world.~as witness the followirg. Tbe &wst; mi Hurray Adacrtiter writoE.-—'"Mr Bevnolds, of Glsnrcwn, whom lied Kelly in'erviewed -on tbe Sunday previoHfl to the battle, and who bad a few minutes' chat with tfae notorious outlaw, asd who during tbe conversation sat on a BJIA, attnres ns that's lady of respectable appearacoe cams all the way from Uelbeunie for the purp:ss of slUing on .tbe same sola that Ked Kelly rested on daring the interview.'' A lad named John Trovaco (says the fiandharst correspondent of the Td graph) was acddenlaUy killed oa Friday sight at the Virginia Company's mine, Eagle hawk. The deotased, «ho was only sixteen years of age, worked a day shift In the mine on Friday, and as hli&Unr;, who was engaged at tbe same place, was unable to go to work <m Friday sight, the boy went to take Ids place. He descended tbe shaft by the ladders to tbe 850 feet flat, but wine stepping into the drive missed bis footing, snd fell about 300 feet into tbe wflL Tbe body was r?covered in abcut an bora's time, but life was extinct It was "found on examination that iht lad's sfenU was fractured, and at "the Inquest, which was held on Saturday, a verdict of accidental death was returned. The iomcejtoa T. xaainri rtlalfr8 ihe death'o! a very cldTasmanian colonist, Llenteeant O. B. Hardtack, aged nbe'.y-two. Bom In UncalnBUre in 1788, be joined tbe warship H-M.B. Fnr.r and aoen rose tn be a lieutenant, and in the wars with the French in 1813, to.k part in an engagement with % French frigate. In 1816 he ta&ded; in Van IiiSmen's Laoil, comir.g thence from Sydney. Be died In Lannceston on Monday last lis liis iiie-tsme he had stmt o! the best racing blood in Tasmania. He leaves a widow. and no less-than seventy ofcildrec, prandchildren, and grcat- grandctdidren; tbe 4guree being fourteen, forty, and clx'eeo rt sportively. The Dmtaford AdxicaU writing on the snbjeot of tin petiOon against Mr Bfdtardsot's return as a tnomber of tbe Legislative Avtemb'y, says:—»It Is' not outtide the truth to sty that the announcement caosriawldespnidfe'-Ucgct Indignation here- *i be itou ie by some John Rotley, of-HoTcombe. fpiecs- was rife as to who tbi. person Is, far no ooeajH Cm pnred to know. After mui inquiry, however, we were icfarmsd that he Is a farmer, or f,rear's son, residing near Eae'a Hill a place On the reiftote ontsklrt oi the ooostttnancy. Tte grcnodson which ibe petition are based are bribery, (ratting, and intimidation. Those acquainted wilb Mr Hfcbirdson's mode oteondaetitghiseleoUoBS will oejiainly be curious lo lesrn tbe nrsdsa drctanitsnoes upon iridcb these chines are based.' Bo far a* our knowledge goes, if. Mr HIchard«m'a ooc^Uct hU bees of the nature ieofthekmmSyOT^fifr^^^CT'Bato'IstouStfr seats without being called npon to ddend themeelvas befsra the 1 lections snd Qualificatioiia Committee.* Th* usual meeting of the lx>yal Ballarat Lodga, M.D.LO.O.F,, will be held at the British Queen hotel, g^e ii exaeciat wfc Lycierd btreer Watleyac Ifcreu Stoat at is Dsca Etceec uetsie fca3 ttsx •T * Tfcsaday trrrrrrf* frti- wfi. be pr^-n^j* erSfftaSnaeoi wi^l be givet is. Etreet CesigFvgaffloBsI imzx Tt cadar the«csji'oeatitbeJQaw»i.6«r^; "^iTI?" piiaisit tooerr. k i S d U s xew - e e Ti«fr* »TH t« ric^EEg Msd le^iaii _IA. fora&£*iB«E.wiEbe6£ A meatlsg of tfce CsKeS PrtteeUtt fjfrtrii. wSl be held Ode evaaasg at tbe asca. fUa stiT^ EVERY IIIIMIIIII H RECAEEAD so ECE&£ Tie rwaeuU cm feciciere" V U aad Vf^ ^ Mbl fees* offered to tfcera tiia mazjr icttiji,? tdsimB, in tbe ion cf a Seacre by i. ttt J y Izflit, wbo bas anle .trf * Ac icx} i-afai uhbeat}'**- Eiperiarsor juli* c that fcetcEB,wii f» Hfcstrative teaciaBr, '2J tXKB&ua; eattsfacskm to the —nsniiecea. 