ORIGINAL POET1RY. THE FLIGHT OF TIME. The sun, unweariedly among the spheres, IT marking out the progrees of the years; In quick suOcessios, adding day to night, And night to day, illuming day with light. Then shronding night in gloom he neward speeds Incessantly. Strong in his might he needs No interval for delliance or rest, As swift be journeys on from East to West, But evermore pursues his course sublime, And measures out the ceaseless flight of time. The peaceful, dark, still hour of midnight brings No pause, no folding of Time's outstretched wings; And when the sun has reached his utmost height, And pours from the meridian floods of light On every living creature under Heaven, Still no cessation from his task is given. As rivers roll their waters to the asea, We all are hurried on resiatlessly : Not, surely, floating down like useless weeds; But sowing on the waters preeious seeds, That we may gather honour, lova, and praise, In endless glory "after many days" Regarding not the present toil and strife, If we may but enrich our future life With hidden treasure gathered everywhere- The pearls of truth, pure and serenely fair, Of wisdom, meekness, purity end love~ All these are gems that may be worn above By loving ones who now possessuthem here : They draw their lustre from that hesienly sphere Which is the centre of all exrellence, Whence emanates the holy influences Which flows eround the life.path of us all Alike to good and bad, to great and small By some unhleeded, and by some despised, Bgy none sumeleiently or duly prined. Yet all resptive hearts are truly blest Who value and assimilate the best Of all' the good that comes within their rese; They lopve to learn what God designs to teaoh, And hence, each passing day augments their store Of wisdom, rirtue, faith, and heavenly lore. These priceless treasures shalI enrich the soul Long aftertime has rsached its final goal s Their wings now help us in our upward flight Towards the pure, the beautiful, andlbright Eternal regions of abiding joys ; While wgrldly wealth proverbially employs Its fickle wings, eospriniously to fly Away from those who strenuously try To heap, and gather, and seuore it fast; Some adverse wind soon blows, and it is est, Like worthless eiff, upon the passing breeze; Or, as decaying leaves fall from the trees In Autumn, and are scattered everywhere, - Leaving the leafless brancbes gaunt and bare, To meet the wintry blast sbeat they may. Si with the worldling's richbs: none pan stay. Thei rhpid Bight, when ruin overtakes Ten the-iand in a day, and panio shakes... To its foundation our commercial world, And ien who thought themselves pecure are hurled From afuence to ruin and dospair. . Oh i they aie wIre who:heboard their treasures where "No thieves break through endateal,"'' norm bthptorzbht Coreopt and crsmble them to worthless dust; . True riches come within there&ach; of all; For each event in life, both great.and i?al . . Contains the seeds' of future god' br ill;' And one or other we are dropping still Into our daily life, and, as we sow, FalfI our destiny of weal or woe. The best and richest blessings often spring Where gloomy, dark, and sombre troubles fling Their brooding shbadows o'eir a thobrny path; God joins "great mercies" 4 a " little wrathb" The wrath to pierce, with swift unerring dart, Through the crnstationse whichenousse the heart In worldliness and pride; then mercy gains.' . speedy entranee, and she there remains ' To heal the wound, to save aud blse the soul, And o'er the life to wield benign control ; Still raisinog it to higher dignity Throughout the ages of eternity. To auah the flight of time means nearer bliss, And hasting to ea better world than this. God speed us all towards the heavenly plose, Where we shall meet our Saviour.faoe to face, And there fur evermore with Him abide, Whose praise fils all the earth at Christmastide. But now, while waiting till the angels pall. :I 9 Us home, may we shew tender love to all Our fellowmen, and help them in their need . / Bgy kindly words and charitable deed.;. For hath not Jesns said that insamnch As wes.ew loving kindness unto such As need our cars, we show it unto Him, Tie Lord of all, adored by Seraphim And Cherubim, and all the heavenly host Who praise the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. ANNETTE GOWAN. 