THE JANUARY MAGAZINES. Blackwood has signalised the New Year by resum- ing something of the old lively vein. which made the reputation of Maja " A Turkish Effendi on Christendom and Islam " is a strong case for our self complacency, and it will do us no harm should we feel our tooth somewhat set on edge We are inclined to believe, Cora, internal evidence that the essay is genuine the writer neither more nor less than he professed to be But, however, this may be, when he tells us broadly that our modern Christendom, in its three great divisions, is so utterly unlike the proposed by Christ that it ought to be styled Anti Christendom, we may well be startled into attention. He certainly hit us hard on the score of selborne s and common worships, which are anything but Christian graces Nor can we complain that Orientals should be guided by our Pharisaical boast of diffusing civilization when we are mainly intent on money making Still, when the LQuidi objects to us as reformers we have a right to remind him that the reforms on which England insists are suited to the highest ethics of Islam as well as of Christendom that they amount in fact to little more than decent justice between man and man, and an intelligent system of taxation instead of till extortion which impoverishes individuals to secure national bankruptcy Our bachelors symposium " is mother quaint article slightly incoherent but with here and there a touch of the wild rollicking fun of the " Notes The second put of Bush life in Queensland ' fully justifies the hopes which we expressed on leading the last chapter Whether the tale is ever to subside into an ordinary novel we cannot tell, but at present it is something far better and laid a faithful portraiture of renascence andcharacteissuch as give a zest to colonial experience As a matter of personal taste, we cannot feel strongly interested in the account of the ' Roman Uioviiry ' Iho thought of thousands and tens of thou sands of scene Esiastics uttering or muttering to every word must be formed if not spoken out the entire Latin Psalter every week of their lives, strikes us as mev pressibly dreary But it is interesting and cheering to see how much of spiritual earnestness our Anglic m perverts have carried into their new allegiance Lord Bate6tranolatiouotthûenliio"Brevniy' into tongue understanded of the people may and we trust will prove a boon to the Roman Catholic laity but no man real ed under the Romish by steam would have felt the need of such a word, or cared to supply that need. The article on on Mr irlodstonos Pilgrimage ism its general tenor just what might have been antici- Juted One point, however, the visitor brings out with striking effect the utter conflict between Gladstonian liberalism and the views of the old W bags If in 1874 Lord Russell wife of Mr. Gladstone that he " disliked the extension of our colonies, and that his measures would tend to reduce the great and glorious empire of which he was put in charge, to a manufactory of cotton cloth, and a visit for cheap goods." what must be the feelings of Lord Hartington and Earl Granville at the recent utterances of their ally? In Fraser, the second instalment of the Duke of Argyle's " First Impressions of the New World," will be read with interest; especially the passages in which he speaks so hopefully of English agricultural prospects. He regards the present depression as quite of a passing character, as far at least as it is due to American competition. His reasons are much the same which have been ably put forward by Mr. Brassey. His delight, in the novelties of the American flora and fauna is so enthusiastic that his readers can hardly refrain from sympathy, especially when he describes his first sight of that winged gem, the ruby-throated humming-birds. It is pleasant to be told that this lovely little creature might, as far as food and climate are concerned, live as well in England-or even in Scotland-as in Canada. But alas ! the feminine demand for bright hues and surfaces seems to grow, as the natural supply is cruelly and wastefully reduced, and a bird so resplen- dent in its beauty is far more likely to disappear from Canada than to be acclimatised in Britain. Another article-the second of a series devoted to " What Shakspere learnt at school." But there is little new to be told us under this head, which is dwelt on so largely in the introductory treatises prefixed to various editions ; notably, to that of Johnson and Sto years. That Hon. Johnson credited his friend with " small Latin and less Creek that the Latin, nevertheless, included an off-hand acquaintance with a considerable portion of the classics, and especially a fair knowledge of Ovid's works (for which he shows a decided penchant), are not very recondite facts. Mrs. Oliphant's "Earthbound" is a pretty picturesque ghost story ; not too horrible indeed, not horrible at all. The unsubstantial heroine is quite charming. " A Type of the Renaissance " is principally devoted to the career of Andrea del Santo. Macmillan strikes us as rather a weak number. "Life at high pressure is a good subject, but enough is not made of it. The writer seems hardly to recognise the inferior quality of the work which is produced in prodigious quantities by the exercise of unresting energy. Lord Brougham, to whom he refers admiringly, is a case in point. He had an immense range of powers and acquirements; for many years he was writing whenever he was not speaking ; yet how little of what he wrote will bear criticism ! What have Mr. Gladstone's last three years of incessant speeches, pamphlets, and polemical letters done for the good of his country or for his own repute as a statesman The human mind demands its Sabbaths-we want time to think and to mourn. Dr. Richardson's article anent Sir W. Trevolyan's whimsical bequest to him " On trust for scientific purposes " of a cellar of wine in some respects unique has been a good deal forestalled by the newspapers. It gives us, however, some interesting local details, and some curious particulars showing how long a pure but full-bodied wine will keep sound. But he gives us no hint of any probable use of his bequest j indeed, rather parades his inability to make up his mind. Meantime, the wine-some of it 120 years old, and at present worth twenty guineas the dozen, is of course going off' day by day, and by the time that Dr. Richardson is prepared to abandon his teetotal crotchet will probably have lost half its value. There is a horrid Breton story of the last were-wolf (we must confess to having learnt from it for the first time that these fabulous personages are called "Bisclaverets") which we wish we had not read The wild, picturesque superstition subsides into painful realities; between a. suspicious wife and prying neighbours a luckless miner is done to death, and it is cold comfort that his wife is the first victim of her own folly. " Dust heaps " is pleasanter as well as more profitable reading. The machinery for cleaning out dustbins and disposing of their contents works so quietly that we need to be reminded of the toiling multitude the majority (women-who pass a cheerless and grimy existence in sorting and sifting the debris of half a million kitchens and coal-cellars. It was no common effort of female, (benevolence to reach the hearts of these dust-sifting dredges to gladden them with a glimpse of Nature's beauties and with the unfamiliar accents of Faith and Charity. Belgravia contains the concluding chapters of " The Queen of the Meadow," which winds up cheerfully with a wedding. There is a good article on the old country towns of Cheshire and Sales. The former county deserves more notice than it receives from the artist and archaeologist, being rich both in natural beauty and in historical associations. From its hills may be soon views of unsurpassed loveliness, farm-houses nestling among trees, extensive parks and meres, and some of the finest churches that England can boast. Whitchurch contains the grave of the great Talbot, with whose name French nurses used to hush their babes in the olden time. The infamous Judge Jeffreys was born at Worn, the manor of which he afterwards purchased. From the tower of Mucclestone Church, near Market Drayton, Queen Margaret watched the bloody fight in which Lord Audley foil. She fled from the scene of defeat with the horse's hoofs shod the wrong way to puzzle pursuers, and the direct descendant of the ingenious farrier who suggested this device was still following his ancestors calling at -Eccleston a few years ago. The curious old town of Northwich is so burrowed under by the salt mines that, in spite of wedges and props, every house scorns nodding to its fall. A few years will probably see fulfilled one prediction at least of the Cheshire Prophet, Nixon, that " Northwich shall be a lake of the Weaver River." " Rousseau's Julie " (Madame Houdedot) must have had an exquisite charm of manners and mind to have fascinated two, men of genius like Rousseau and St. X-"->i)ox\¡. Plant and sallow in for youth. she was. according to Miss Edgeworth, shockingly ugly in age, yet gay, open-hearted, and pleasing to the last. Temple Bar runs riot in fiction ; we have only space to note that Mrs. Lynn Linton's new novel, I " The Relief of the Family'," promises well. There is an amusing account of Theophile Gautier, poet, journalist, and art critic, whose solo religion was the worship of the beautiful, while his conception of beauty was, alas ! purely material and sensuous. He must have had great social gifts to carry off his personal eccentricities. Few would be hold privileged, as he was, to parade the Boulevarde at the most fashionable hour in yellow slippers and black velvet waistcoat, bare-headed, with broad umbrella and locks that " streamed like a meteor" The Cornhill continues happy in its two novels, " White Wings " and " Mdme. de Mersac." There is an amusing sketch of the notorious "Fighting Fitzgerald " whose personal trails were the opposite of all we expect in a bully; a delicate, though handsome figure and face, mild address and engaging manners, with a touch of costly forgery in his dress. The admirers of Antony Trollope will be pleased to find his name in All the Year Round, heading a novel entitled " The Duke's Children." The Duke is our old friend the Duke of Omnium, better remembered as the large-hearted though ungenial "Planty Pall." Dear Lady Glencora is dead-she could not be permitted to grow old and her children, lively, spoilt, wilful and charming as they were sure to be, are giving the orderly and decorous widower some trouble. The heir gets expelled from Oxford for painting the Dean's Lodge a bright scarlet (n freak, by the way, which really belongs to Trinity College, Cambridge), and the younger brother follows suit at Cambridge for an escapade to the Derby. These things are gall and wormwood to his immaculate Grace ; but we have confidence in Mr. Trollope's kindly nature, and feel sure that the lads will .. full up " bournes and fill the father's heart if they do not satisfy his ambition. " No. 2, Melrose square," is the ghastliest oF ghost-stories/.and should not be taken after a heavy supper for fear of nightmares. "Sweet Nell," the Christmas story, gives some lively pictures of social doings in the time of Queen Anne. The January number of "The Day of Rest" contains a *' Memoir of Annie Keary," which will be read with melancholy interest by the many admirers of that gifted authoress. The writer, Miss Beats Francis, know her intimately, and is a trust- worthy witness not only to her intellectual gifts, but to the rare spiritual graces by which those gifts were crowned. We must learn to accept the true moral of such lives and deaths. " God doth not need Either man's work' or his own gifts." It is idle to murmur that the early ripe fruit is first garnered. 