NEWS OF THE DAY. A step has been taken towards unravelling the difficulties arising from tho resignation of the Beaconsfield Government. A Cabinet Council, summoned by her Majesty, met on Tuesday, but Eord Beaconsfield was not present, nml in eonsomienco of his absence tho result has not been made public. An Ichthyological Exhibition on a comprehensive and complete plan lias been opened in Berlin. America has resolved upon holding r.n International Exhi bition at New York in ISS3 on a large ecaie. Denis Kearney has failed in his appeal against the sentence passed upon him for using se tious language by the Supreme Court of Cali fornia. He has therefore to pay a fine of 3000 dol.t and undergo six mouths' impri sonment. A meeting of the Cabinet ve held yester day afternoon, at tho old Treasury, notwith standing that tho day was proclaimed a pnblio holiday, The near approach ef the meeting ef Parliament, and the pressure of" business re quiring attention, render it necessary that Ministers should hold frequent Cabinet Councils, as they will scarcely be able to find much time f House meets. Arrangements of a mere routine character were discussed yesterday. Tho present overcrowded state of the Mel bourne Immigrants' Homo is a matter which must soon demand tho earnest attention or the authorities, and if tho committee of ma nagement can do nothing, it will have to bo taken up by the Government. People who have not visited the various wards and apart ments into which tho institution is at present Scattered and divided would hardly be prepared to believe that so much human life, destitution and misery could bo crowded into such a small apace. One division exclusively devoted to tho accommodation of women and children is situated on the south bank of the Yarra, near Government domain. There is a hospital, a dormitory for females, and another for children, in both of which tho beds are closely packed together, so closo in fact that a person could scarcely walk between them. There is a email compartment adjoining used as a diningroom and schoolroom. A small phed, rn which a tall adult cannot stand up straight without touching the roof, is used as a placo where women aro engaged hair teasing. Opposite this row of buildings thero is a tolerably comfortable work room and laundiy. Theso buildings aro en closed in a yard not mnch larger than a squaro acre, and within this small space thero aro no less a number than 171 women and 125 children; 23 women and 11 children being sick and in the hopital. How it is possible for so many poor creatures to livo in such a place is moro than those can understand who have not experienced tho fate of being home less and destitute. Yet this crowded state of the female wards, or the inadequacy of the accommodation, cannot bo mentioned as in any way reflecting on tho , management, as tho appeals which are from time to timo made at the gates of the institution for food and shelter are so urgent that they cannot be re fused. Indeed the wonder is that the placo is kept so clean and tidy and so free from conta gious diseases. In the male portion of tho home, situated on the opposite side of the St. Kilda-road, thero! are 327 old and decrepit mon, 103 of whom are bedridden and unable to move about without assistance. Sometimes as many as forty homeless men are accommo dated with a night's rest. Tho committee have made nn application to the Treasurer on the subject of extended accommodation and the over-crowded state of the )\orae, hut havo ro- coivod nG definite reply. The present site of the female wards appears to be altogether in adequate to meet the requirements, and tho buildings are all defectively constructed. It would be far better to remove that part of the home to a more isolated spot than to patch up or extend the old buildings, which will sooner or later have to be rased to tho ground. Mr. King, executive commissioner for Queensland at the Melbourne Exhibition, and Mr. Layton, secretary, visited the Exhibi tion-building on last Tuesday afternoon. They wero accompanied by- Messrs. J. Munro, Wr. M. K. Vale, M.L.A., and several other mem bers of the commission. A careful inspection of tho main buildiog and annexes was made, and both visitors expressed groat satisfaction at tho general arrangements and the for? ward state of the works. Mr. King was especially impressed with the magnituto of the exhibition eonerae generally, which, he states, has assumed considerably larger proportions than he anticipated. The visitors also availed themselves of the fine view afforded from the parapet of the dome, and expressed their sur prise and pleasure at tho enormous expan sion of Melbourne during tho last few years, and the number and beauty of its public buildings. Mr. King also intimated to tho commissioners that the Queensland court at the Exhibition would l>c of a higlilv interesting character. A number of first-class exhibits were to be sent, many being of a specially intorest- jng character, and not included in tho Queens land exhibits at the Sydney Exhibition. Another easo of measles has been dis covered at Richmond, and it is feared that this disease is moro widely spread than was at first apprehended The Central Board are actively bestirring themselves to prevent the spread of the disease. At Hamilton a child in tlie diphtheria' ward of the local hospital has also been attacked with measles. A tele gram received yesterday afternoon by the Cen tral Board states that scarlet fever had made its appearance in a family residing in tho Jamieson# district... No fresh cases of diphtheria at. Hamilton are reported, and it has been in timated that the old cases aro progressing satis factorily. The members of the special com mittee sent up by the Central Board to inves tigate the subject of the outbreak have re turned to Melbourne, and will probably sub mit their report'to the Chief Secretary in the course of a few days. The twenty-fourth anniversary of the estab lishment of tho eight hours movement was celebrated yesterday after the usual custom by a grand procession of the various trades and by a monster fete, held on this occasion in the Melbourne cricket ground. Unfortunately the weather was very unpropitious, and, as such, had an adverse effect upon the success of the demonstration, so far, at all -events, as numbers were concerned. The procession on its way to the ground passed along Ulio several principal streets and was quite as 'long as that of the previous year.- The same number of banners were carried, and tho same number of bonds accompanied the train. On arrival at the ground a varied programme of sports was carried out under the, direction of the sports committee, to whom credit must he given for the complete and satisfactory charac ter of all the arrangements. The attendance in the reservo, on a rough estimate, must have numbered flOOQ persons. This docs not, how ever, represent anything like the quantity of tickets sold, for the number disposed of up to the latest hour on Tuesday night amounted to 15,000. The holders of these tickets are entitled to a chance in the gift dis tribution, a fact which will to a great extent account for the largo number sold. The draw- ing for the prizes took place on the ground during the afternoon, but the prize-list will not he published until to-morrow. The cus tomary annual benefit for the Melbourne Hospital, under the auspices of the demonstra tion committee, took place in the evening at the Theatre Royal, and tho place was well filled in every part except the cress circle. The drain leading from the Immigrants' Home to the swamp, near the corner of tho St. Kilda and -Emerald-hill roads, has been inspected by the Commissioner of Public Works, and he has given instructions that somo new arrangements shall be made to pre vent the continuance of the nuisance. It ap- pears that this drain has been tho subject of complaint for some months past by residents of St. Kilda, South Yarra, and all who have had occasion to travel that way. It has been made use of as a common channel for carrying eway the slop water and filth of the female wards of the Immigrants' Home with the attached hos pital. This drain runs down the slope of the hill en which the buildings stand, and passes under a small culvert, which crosses the St. Kilda-road at the l>ottom of the incline, about 1 00 yards from the institution. On crossing the rood the drainage is deposited in a tri angular portion of low-lying land formed by the. junction of the newly formed road across the swamp with the St. Kilda-road. On reaching that spot it remains there, as there is no possible outlet, except evaporation into the surrounding air. The offensive smell emitted by the drain and tho rubbish accumulated by it is said to be of a frightful and intolerable character. The nui sance is aggravated by the fact that the cul vert across the St. Kilda-road has not suffi cient incline to carry away the water, conse quently a considerable quantity spreads about the flat ground on . tho eastern side of the main road, in additiop to that which is lodged on the Emerald-hill side. This water is charged with ail the refuse matter of the hos pital and washinghouses of the Immigrants' Home, and it must bear .the germs of all kinds of diseases. Mr. Bent, on visiting«Jie ground, xv as convinced that somo improvement Bhould be effected, and on inquiry found that the drainage used to bo carried through a stone- formed open channel to the River Yarra, in stead of being diverted across the St. Ivild.-v- road. He has accordingly given instructions that either the old channel is to be restored under improved conditions, or a new conduit pipe constructed, so as to prevent tuo further continuance and aggravation of the nuis ance. A deputation of residents from Drysdale was introduced to the Treasurer yesterday by Messrs. Dow and Levien, NlftL-A., and su" mitted a proposal that the Government should assist in defraying the cost cf sending a cham pion team of colonial ploughmen to England to challenge and compete with the champion ploughmen, of England. The Victorian team were to use ploughs manufactured in the colonv, and the cost of this undertaking, it was estimated, would be about £1000, towards which the Government was asked to ^contri bute at the rate of £1 for every £1 raised br private subscription. The deputation urged that the scheme was regarded by farmers as one of great importance, and would be the means of advertising the colony amongst the agricultural classes of the old country. It was farther pointed out that Mr. Dalley, an old Victorian champion ploughman, would ac company the team as secretary, and that ho was prepared to submit at the gatherings of English farmers a concise statement of tho in ducements offered to agriculturists with capital and experience settling in Victoria. Mr. Ser vice, in replying, said the Government was dis posed to regard the scheme with favor, but at present there were no funds available for such a purpose, and in tho face of tho existing de ficit he could not give an immediate promise of assistance. He was also not quito satisfied that the scheme was regarded by the fanners generally as a national matter, and therefore asked the members of the deputation to tako further action. If it was demonstrated that tho scheme was regarded with favor by the agriculturists, ho would be glad if Messrs. Dow and Levien again mentioned the subject to him. If it was then shown to be a national concern, tho Government would endeavor to give it all tho assistance in their power. The Harbor Trust Commissioners will meet to-day at two p.m. The notice paper includes the appointment of a chairman and committees for the ensuing year. The works committee recommend that tenders be called for the supply of two 400-ton hopper barges. The finance committee recommend that a regulation be made reducing the wharfage rate payable on stone used exclusively for ballast and not carried on freight, from Is. to 3d. per ton. Tho following notices of motion have been given : — By Commissioner Lorimer, "That the works committee be instructed to confer with the councils of the city of Melbourne, town of Emerald-hill and borough of Sandridge on the subject of a new bridge across the Yarra below the Falls, as recommended by Sir John Coode, C.E., and to report upon the measures considered most advisable to adopt for the speedy construction of this urgently required work." By Commissioner Loader, 1. " That it is advisable that all dry docks and ship-repairing yards should be situated down .the river away from the steamboat wharves." 2. " That the resident engineer be instructed to survey and mark out new sites for dry docks lower down the river somewhere about the new cut, and to report to the commissioners thereon." Alfred Thompson, an impudent thief, was arrested by Detectives Duncan and Considine early yesterday morning in Bourke-street. Thompson on tho 13th inst. entered the shop of Mr. Newman, jeweller, in Elizabeth-Street, and asked to see a diamond ring. A case was at once presented to him, and after looking at them for some time he expressed his dissatisfaction with the jewels, and asked to be shown another case, which at that time was in the shop window. Mr. Newman, little suspecting what would follow, left the one case in Thompson's hand, and proceeded to get the other, when the culprit absconded with the rings, which were valued at £60. He has managed over since to elude the vigilance of the police, and disposed of several of the rings, the proceeds of which have maintained him in style. Two other charges of stealing jewellery from Mr. Isard and Mr. Visbord are to be laid against the same man. He will be brought before th City Bench to-day. The annual gathering of the past scholars of the Church of England Grammar School took place last evening at a banquet laid in the upper room of the Town Hall. Thero were about sixty gentlemen present, and Pro fessor Elkington occupied the chair, sup ported on either hand by tho Rev. Dr. Bromby, tho late head master, and his successor, Mr. Morris. The proceedings wero of a thoroughly eoci&l; character, and the dinner afforded a full oportunity for a renewal of old associations, tho recounting of echoolday experiences and tho enjoyment of a most pleasant evening in the companionship of old friends. Tho toasts of tho Queen, the Governor and the Bishop having been honored, Mr. J. H. Thompson, of Kew Col lege, proposed the health of Dr. Bromby. Ho expressed tho pleasure which he was sure all felt at once moro meeting that respected gentleman, and referred to the pride with which all looked back to tho days of their connection with tho school vhilo their education was eo ably directed by him. Dr. Bromby suitably re sponded, and reciprocated the expressions of goodwill which hjul been uttered by the pro poser of tho toast. Success to tho Grammar School, coupled with the name of Mr. Morris, was also honored with enthusiasm and acknowledged by that gentleman, as were the additional, toasts of the University and tho Public Schools of the Colony, the former pro posed by Mr. G. H. Jenkins, and the latter by Professor Elkington, and responded to by Pro fessor Andrew and Mr. Thompson. Several songs wero contributed at intervals, and the company separated at a late hour. The Orient steamship Chimborazn, for Lon don via Adelaide and trio Suez Canal, took her departure from Hobson's Bay yesterday after noon, conveying, in addition to a large cargo, ovor 200 passengers, thirty being in the saloon and the remainder in the second-class. She also takes a mail to go via Brindisi and direct to Plymouth. © The cutter-rigged boat Cricketer, that was sunk on Tuesday, has been got up and towed over to Williainstown by the steamer Pilot Tho Irisji Relief Committee are summoned to meet at the Town Hall this afternoon , to entertain communications from tho Lord Mayor of Dublin, received by this mail, of an interesting and important nature. Mr. R. "NY. E. Maclvor delivered, the first of a series of lectures on Agricultural Chemistry last night in the lecture hall of tho Industrial Museum. The subject of the lecture was The Plant, and was treated in a masterly manner, illustrated with numerous and interesting ex periments, which elicited repeated applause. The composition of plants, their proportions of several elements, the respective functions of their various parts, together with the alimen tary properties of those in regard to nutrition in the animal creation, were delineated in plain, clear terras, easily comprehensible to those knowing little or nothing of chemistry, aud were calculated to be of specially practical use to agriculturists. A narrow escape from drowning occurred early last night to John Lindope, aa old man, near the Fish Market, Flinders-street. Ho had been at the eight hours fete, aud had in dulged a little, and was attempting to jump over a water channel which was quite flooded. Instead, however, of getting over it safely ho fell into the middle of it, and the current swept him away somo distance. A con stable, who was near, seized the drifting man and dragged hira into the street. Ho fortu nately sustained no damage beyond getting a good soaking. A meeting of the Echuca conference on water supply for the plains was held in the Echuca town hall on Tuesday last, and a discussion ensued upon the reply given by the Minister of Water Supply to the deputation which waited upon the Minister ou the 15th inst., and asked that a contour survey be at once made to test the practicability or otherwise of a surface canal between the rivers Goulburn and Loddoiu The members of the conference argued that irrigation was most essential to the selectors in the Goulburn and I&huca; districts. It was resolved that the Minister of Water Supply sliould be requested to instruct tho professional gentleman appointed to make the survey first to confer with the conference before coiumen-: ring his duties. The conference desired tbe engineer's report to be based on a survey suffi ciently in detail to be used for the purpose of construction in the event of a surface canal between the Goulburn and Loddon rivers being pronounced practicable. Serjeant Sleigh is still pursuing his election contest for the district of Devon, Tasmania. On the lGth inst. the learned gentleman ad dressed a public meeting at Deloraiue, and re ceived both a good hearing and reception. In explaining Ms reasons for offering himself as a candidate he said be could not be idle after so many years battling in professional and po litical life. Mr. Creswick took his farewell benefit at the Bijou Theatre last night, but owing to tho unfavorable state of the weather the attend ance was by no means so largo as he was ca. titled to expect. The performance consisted of the first three acts of Hamlet, concluding with Katherine and Petruchio. As the frincc of Denmark Mr. Creswick acted with the same care, ability and intel ligent attention to details that serred to make his first appearanco in that character a pronounced success. As these who have seen Mr. Creswick as Hamlet aro aware, his idea of tho melancholy prince is that of a quiet, thoughtful and hesitating student, fully con vinced of tho urgency of his duty, yet baiting between two opinions as to the proper method of doing it. In the interviews which Hamlet has with Roscncranu and Guildenstern the profound depths of Ham. let's nature are to some extent revealed, as he partly takes them into his confidence, and partly is drawn into reflection and speculation by the discovery of their mission from tho king. It is in these scenes, as much as in the great soliloquies, that the tender ness of Hamlet's nature, the subtlety of his philosophy, and the wide range of his intcllee- 'tual vision are displayed. Mr. Creswick availed himself of these opportunities of giving a fair interpretation of the predominant features which thus distinguish Hamlet from the whole category of dramatic creations. Ir. Creswick seemed to thoroughly realise the truth that Hamlet in his reflective moments is merely thinking aloud, and that his conversations with his friends are not intended to be applauded by the audience as literary fireworks. In his action too Hamlet is supposed to follow his owi instruction to the players, that they should not saw the air or throw themselves into whirl winds of extravagant passion, but be strictly loyal to the modesty of nature. Following up this principle, Mr. Creswick was not tempted to diverge from a smooth and even representation of the part, even in the scene between Hamlet and his mother; and it was fully apparent that he was " cruel only to be kind." At the end of the second and third acts the talented tragedian was called before the footlights and received great applause. Mr. Catbeart appeared as the King, and tho speech beginning, " 0, my offence is rank," was well recited. Mr. Joyce as Polomous was too gushing and rather overdrawn. The Horatio of Rlr. Stoneham was almost all that could bo desired— an in telligent man of the world and a faithful friend and counsellor. Mr. Ireland as the Ghost of Hamlet's Father acted with a realistic effect, and the solemn gait and still moro sepulchral utterances of the visitant from the supernatural world wero given in a manner that reflected the greatest credit on the ability of the actor# Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis took the part of Queen Gertrude, and as in most of such parts which she assumes, she appeared to groat advantage, and added much to tho success of the perform ance. Miss. Lester's Ophelia can hardly be called the Ophelia of Shakspcare, The same performance will be repeated to-night, when Mr. Creswick will make his last appearance. Madame Rose Hcrsee is announced to take her farewell benefit at tho Opera House this evening, on which occasion the favorite opera Girofle-Girofla will bo presented for the first and only time during the present season. This will he one of the last performances in which Madame Hersee will appear in Melbourne, as her engagement of fifty -two weeks is approach ing a termination. Since her first appearance in tliis city her artistic ability and numerous brilliant successes in the lyric drama have wen for her heaps of friends and admirers, who will no doubt turn up to-night and give her 9 bumper benefit. \Ve understand that nearly every available scat in the dress circle has been already taken. The city organist will play tho following se lections this afternoon, at four o'clock, . namely : — Overture, Sampson, Handel ; trio (Canon), Ti Prego, OMadre Pia, Curshraan ; grand offertoire in G, No. 4, Wely ; maruh, Turkish Reveille, MichaeliB ; oratorio selec tion, Creation, Haydn, viz., (a) Air, Now vanish before the holy beam, (b) Air and chorus, The Marvellous Work; finale, National Anthem. The monthly meeting of the Victorian Horti cultural Improvement Society will be held this evening, at the society's hall, Victoria-street. A concert will ho given by pupils of the Asylum and School for the Blind in the hall o( tho asylum this evening at eight o'clock. A visit of inspection will bo ui&de; to-day by tbe Victorian Manufacturers' Association to the bis cuit manufactory of Mr. J. II. "Walker Bourke street west, at three p.m. A new religious and temperance periodical, en titled Pleasant Words, will be published in Mel bonrne on 1st May. It will bo published fort nightly, and sold at Id. each number. The Richmond police want owners for three black and two white ducks, found at one o'clock yesterday morning, in Baliuain-strcct, in the possession of a suspicious character, who had them concealed under his coat. A public meeting will be held this evening in the orderly room, brattan-street, for the purposo of petitioning Parliament to unite Smith and Victoria wards into. one electorate, to be called Carlton. 