STRAY LEAVES. BY " THE GLEANHU." "A noble s jul expands above a little chaff." CODJI. IT is said that for balderdash and mendacity the sausage-wrapper stands alone. AN election mill came oft' on Saturday in Windsor. Gore was around. One of the contestants now looks upon the baldric with an eye and a-half. CiiAnLKV JOCKEL is around. He can be consulted upon things spiritual or mundane from 1Ü till 10 daily. THEO. DUCKER responded (or the ladies at the bullock gorge. Since then they have decked his brow with roses. BILLY KELLY wants to be a Bowmauite now. MAURICE FITZ told Ule Joe at Richmond on Saturday that he voted for both candi dates. THE linfield folks arc to have a good time to-dny-u bollock roast, athletic sports, otc, ure coming oft". THERE is a ghost to be soon nightly, ad jacent tu the old brewery. He seems to lie of an amorous turn of niiud, us ho only ap pears to lovers. Ill ST has been uruiiud pretty considerably lately. .Kulti* would lose the run ol' his respiratory urgaus if he could only be dropped un to. IMUINI; this estival period the intense heat kinder ug'tutus folks. "THE WRECKER cnn dish up more agony than any man I know. SWIMMING is all the rage. The Hawkes bury will soon be hermetically sealed up. BUSH fires are raging on the mountains. They appear terribly grand, viewed from a distance, at nightfall. THE Australian staff was much admired at the Richmond festival. GREAT improvements are noticeable in the two Boroughs. Thc latent energy of the patriots has been aroused. NATATORIAL parties should avoid"[the shoals-quicksands and undercurrents pre dominate. THE noxious weeds are receiving a turn from our civic gents. The election looms in the distance. MEASLES are very prevalent throughout the district. BOB FORRESTER has been proclaimed king of Kurrajong. THE vigour ot some persons at the ali mentary show, caused erubescence in more than one lassie present. THE joyful ululations, as waftedJo'er'rtlie ambient air of Richmond on Saturday, ex asperated some folks. CHRISTMAS is nigh. I would advise niv oviparous readers to roost pretty high just now. THE redcoats have been blazing away in Sydney. Some of the prizes come to this part of the terrestrial sphere. JACK O'BRIEN IS as lively as two people. Folks generally would like to chaw Iiis ear off. MOORE, the dark ped, feels inclined to go for the sports committee. Is THE Uulletin man a plagiarist! Ask the American pressmen. THE galanty show man is very wroth. He took tea shillings on Saturday night. THE Bulletin man says all the country papers imitate him. What papers does he imitate ? THERE IS war between the Bulletin man and Dan Mayne. Two lads were bathing near " The Hocks " on Tuesday. One was swept down stream by the current, his companion, en deavouring to rescue him, likewise became involved. They were brought to shore by a bystander. Parents should caution their hopefuls, as the river is non« too safe for expert swimmers, much less for those who arc but new at the game. TH EKE is no truth in the rumour that Chris. Connor and G. Morty have purchased Professor Hobbs' business. THERE seems to be great anxiety amongst pressmen just now to solve the problem as to " Why Jacob kissed Rachel, aud lifted up his voice and wept !" Scores of reasons ¡ire promulgated. Mv opinion is that why he wept was because there wasn't a Hawkes bury girl around, so that be could go for another. A WHIP-SNAKE, measuring two feet six inches long, was killed un Dr. McPhee's verandah, on Wednesday evening. THEKE seems to be a great desire on the part of Windsor Lotharios to become en tangled in the meshes of love with tho Richmond girls. GREAT complaints ¡ire being- made con cerning tho dilapidated condition of thc Kurrajong Pound. It is u misnomer to call it such. The pouudkeeper is necessitated to keep pounded stock on his own premises, THIS last girder of tho Fitzroy Bridge was fixed on Thursday. Great glee was manifested over the event. Vocalism was around. 