QUE CITY LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide, January 10, 1880. Open confession, eaith an ancient adage, is good for tbe soul, eo it is to be hoped that Mr. Ebenezer Ward trill be morally bene fitted by the veiy confiding speech he made on Wednesday evening at Crystal Brook. Why he did not make it at Gumeracha it is hard to say. Perhaps be-did nob qnite like to tell his constituents that his warm advocacy of tbe Selectors' Mortgage Bill was due to the fact that Mr. Ward was anxious to avail himself of its provisions. Of course, everyone un derstood such was tbe case that knew any thing of political affairs, but unless Mr. Ward had made a clean breast of the matter, the general public, and especially the electors of Gumeracha, would probably never have known what secrete springs were at work. During the last fifteen months it appears Mr! Word has lost £2,OOQ. I am really truly glad to learn that he had that sum to lose, for I certainly should not have suspected that he was possessed pf it. I also trust with • him that the forthcoming harvest will be so good that no selectors will be obliged to take advantage of the Act; but how about the effect it may have in limiting their credit when another bad year comes ? The Act, no donbt, gives a farmer facilities for raising money, but if it tends materially to diminish the amoiint of credit he might otherwise have J obtained, as the Hon: Mr. Pearce suggested it would when the Bill was before Parliament, it strikes me the remedy will prove a little worse than the disease. As whole, however, the speech was clever as Mr. Ward's speeches usually are, and specious as Mr. Ward's speeches also usually are. He believes it was a mistake on the part of the Government, to stop immigration. Well, as I have not heard there has been any dearth of labor, either at shearing or harvest, and that there has, until lately, been a lack of employment for the working men in the' colony, I am not prepared to agree with him; but I do agree with him as to the abolition, or partial aboli tion at any mte, of the tax on harvesting machinery. Somewhat amusingly Mr. Ward pats Mr. Col ton on {he back. It was once $hc other way. However, we shall see; for. my part I do not think when Mr. Colton takes his seat in Parliament he will 6taqd much patronizing, from Mr. Ward, however much Stay msfce us& of him. X &m; glad to see that some of the unfortu nate travellers who have to leave the city for 4he north by the early morning train have .at last called public attention t$tb© disgraceful state of matters existing at the Refreshment Booms at the Adelaide Railway- station. Of course for some time past there has been any amount pf grumbling, but with that easy going way of putting up with a nuisance to avoid a little trouble which seems to be characteristic of Soyth Australians nothing has been said.. Perhaps the recent hot weather has made travellers a little more viate, and at last brought them to the poiijt - of pushing into print. Howerpr, it is: high time that the Railway authorities took the matter in hand, and insisted 011 the lessee of the rooms, whoever he may be, providing better fpr the accommodation of the public. It is not every body who has the convenience pf haying a roof of his own over his head, and servants of his own whom he may order . to get up and provide breakfast ready at fiye o'clock in the morning, at which hour many of the travellers tp tlie north, whq live outside the city, must have their matutinal meal if they are to catch the train ; nor is it every ope who has a house of his own that could bring aboqt sqch a departure from the usual domestic arrangements'. It is surely therefore not too much to expect that at thirty minutes past six in the morning there should be a | possibility of obtaining a fairly good break fast at the refreshment room at the Adelaide station, that is within half an hour before the departure of the train. In America or in Europe at any.laige city railway station, not only would a meal be obtainable at such an hour, but a sumptuous one. Now what is the case here P just as the train is about to start, two dirty slip-shod girls are seen wandering down the platform. They ap proach the locked doors of the refreshment room at which hungry travellers haye been knocking in vainj they open them, and in answer to requests for breakfast, vaguely point to the coqnter where repose the ghosts of sandwiches, and the dried-up cakes and biscuits remaining over from the day before. No hot tea, no hot coffee, with crisp warm rolls, nicely cooked chops or steaks, or savoury new laid eggs, such as may be obtained else where, eveft fa the colonies, -under similar circumstances. It is simply monstrous tliat the travelling public of South Australia should be treated in this way. My readers in Kapunda are interested in the matter, and I trust now that some stir is being made they "will join in it. I believe it is to a very great extent from our habit of submitting in pre ference to making a noiBe that a good many annoyances from which we suffer, and worse still visitors to the colony suffer, ore not remedied as they might easily be. "Will any one for instance do something about some of our stage coaches, which in comparison to those in Victoria are simply abominable— " wretched, ill-constructed, dirty, - shandry dans)" as a visitor from England called them the other day in my hearing. Some cases of ex-patients of the Inebriate Retreat, who even after a prolonged residence at that institution, have on leaving it returned to their former evil ways led me to be some what sceptical as to the amount of good which was being done. Nor am T yet fuly satisfied that any permanent cures have been effected, by the statement made at the annual meeting of supporters of the Retreat yester day that there were several promising cases. I am glad, however, that the Committee are taking measures to improve the verylax stale of discipline which formerly existed in the Retreat, and. it is to be hoped we shall not hear of any more cases of bottles of liquor being smuggled within the walls by patients. I should have thought, however, after the very trenchant exposfe in the Lancet of the state ments made in .an American paper (and which were extensively copied into our Colonial journals, as to a supposed cure for drunken* ness discovered in America) that the Com mittee would scarcely have gone so far as to write to the United States about it. I really begin to fear tlie Colonists of South Australia are not so alive so their own in terests as they might be. It has actually re quired the coming of a visitor from the old country to awaken then) to the fact that a fine granite which is common at Port Elliot could be cheaply conveyed to Adelaide, and would make excellent building stone. It is certainly a beautiful stone, but I had always imagined it was employed in decorative build ing work in the City, otherwise I could have communicated to the public the interesting fact, now made known by the new comer, a considerable time ago. My surprise on the whole is great. It gives me pleasure to record that the benefit tendered by the members of the Lon don Comedy Company and Mr. Allison, the lessee, at the Theatre Royal last night, was a success. I hear that the proceeds amounted to seventy pounds. January 12,1880. The fortnightly mail service by the Penin sular and Oriental steamers to and fro be tween England and the colonies will soon be in full work. The first steamer from England under the new arrangement "will probably arrive here in a day or two, and the first for England will leave this colony next mouth. The Company have pat on two steamers in. addition to those already at work to enable them to carry but their contract effectively, namely the Indus and the Deccan, both fine and well-known vessels. The Victorian Go vernment are doing their best to get letters by the Brindisi route carried at the sixpenny rate, and will probably succeed, as the other colonial Cabinets, with the exception of that of Tasmania, are in favour of the change, and the difficulties with the Imperial Government are we axe told not insuperable. Mr. Kendall, the representative of the P. & O. Company in Melbourne, is, I regret to observe, unable to accede to the change requested by South Australia in the day for the departure of the mail steamers. A Sunday inail will be un doubtedly inconvenient, but the Company really seem to be unable to make other arrangements, as s change would involve an alteration in the whole of the time-tables which would practically be impossible. Before, however, their arrangements for next year are completed our Government ought certainly to agitate again for an alteration on this point, which apparently might without difficulty be effected. The medical men in Adelaide are at length agitating for the passing of an Act to pre vent unqualified persons from practising medicine in the colony. In early days a somewhat irregular exercise of the functions of a medical practitioner by persons possess ing a slight amount of knowledge, but without due qualifications may possibly have been an advantage ; but now that properly-educated professional practitioners abound there is no reason why the colonists should be exposed to the risk of being treated rightly by chance, and wrongly in probability by any pill-maker or vendor of simples who chooses to dub ■ himself a doctor. A meeting, well at tended by the profession, with the view of discussing the question, was held on Satur day afternoon, and I hope the Committee who were appointed to carry out the views of those present who were in favor of an Act, will succeed in inducing the Go vernment to take the matter up. The ques tion is one of importance both to the public and the profession, it protects the one from imposition, and the other from having his legitimate income—which he has spent a large sum of money in acquiring the knowledge to earn—being diminished hy the rivalry of ignorant and unscrupulous men. The unlucky Academy of Music in Bundle street re-opens to-night with a dramatic enter tainment . by a troupe of coloured actors, far, the most part former members of the " Georgia Minstrels" band, already wellr known in South Australia; and. Whxto-s Rooms -will be opened at the end of the week by a variety company called the-" Froliques." They hail from America, and hare been playing with success in Sydney and J|elbpume. With these jentertainments and the Theatre, ' we shpll have no lack of amusement in the city. 