A NOBLE GHOST..;??? John, Earl of Twkwe, and Nicola Hamilton, afterwards wife' of Sir Tristram Burusford, were born in Ireland in the reign of Charles 1 1. They were almost of the same ago, and were entrusted to tlia care of tbe name person, by whom they were educated ia the principles of ilciain. Theii guardian dying when they were still young, they fell into different hands. The persons on whom tho caro of them now devolved appear to have used every possible endeavor to eradicate the erroneous principles whioh they haditnbibed aud to persuade them to embrace revested religion in some former other. But these on;' dcavors were all in vain. The arguments of their friends wero 'insufficient to convince, though they seived to stagger .- itheir, former faith — or rather their former scepticism. Bat, though they were now separated from ' each ptuerj. their friendship remained unalterable, and they continued to regard each other .with a sincere and fraternal, or rathgr cousinly affection. After a few years hBd.elaps6d'and ' they were both grown up they made a solemn promise to each other that whichever should1 die first would, if permitted, appear to the othor, in order to declare to him or- her what religion was most acceptable to the Supreme Being. Miss Nicola was.shortly after mar ried to Sir Tristram Beresford, but no con dition could alter their friendship,1 and the families frequently visited each other. During a visit to the lady's brother-in-law at Gill Hill, near Drouiorc, in tho year 1C93, Sir Tristram remarked when his lady came down to breakfast that her complexion was unusually pale, and her countenance bore evidout marks of terror and confusion. He inquired anxiously after her health, but she assured him that she was perfectly well. Re repeated his inquiries, and begged to know if anything had disordered her. She replied; ' No, no ; I am as well as UBUal.' ' You have hurt your wrist, you have sprained it? asked ho, observing a black ribbon bound rouud it. She replied that she had not, but added, 'Let rae~con juro you, my dear Tristram, never more to inquire tbe cause of my wearing this ribbou ; you will never see me henceforth without it. If it concerned you as a husband to know tho reason I would not for a moment conceal it. 1 never in my life denied you a re quest ; but of this I must entreat- you -to forgive my refusal and never more urge me further on the subject.' 'Very ??well, my lady,' said he, smiliug ; 'since you so earnestly desire me I will inquire, no further.' The conversation here ended. Lady Beres ford inquired eigcrly if the post was come in. She was told it had liot arrived. Iu a few moments she again rang the bell and ro peatecl her inquiries, ' Is not the post yet come ?' She was again answered that it was not. ' Do you expect letters ?' asked Sir Tristram, 'that you aro so anxious about the arrival of the post !' ' £ do,' sho answered. ? ' I expect to heai Loti\ Tyrone is dead : he died last Thursday at 4 o'clock.' 'I never in my life,' said Sic Tristram, 'believed you to be superstitious; but you must have had an idle dream which has thus alarmed you. At this moment a servant opened the door and delivered a letter sealed with black wax. ' It is as I suspected — he is dead.' Sir Vii. tram opened the lotter. It was from Loid Tyrone's steward and contained the melan choly news that his master had died on the preceeding Thursday (October 14, 1093.) at the hour which lady Beresford had specified. After a period of some montbs- Lady Beres ford had a son, whose birth Sir Tristram survived little more than seven yeacs.'dying in 1701, and after his death his lady seldom went from homo; in fact, uhe' visited no family but that of a gentleman iu the neigh borhood, named Georges. With, thom she frequently passed a few hours. The rest of her time was entirely devoted to solitude, and elie appeared' determined forever to banish all other society, .The family con si'sted of himself, his wife ' nnd one soi, who was about lier own; age. To this sou (who, became Lieutenant Gene ral George, of Kilbrew) after, a fow years she was married, notwithstanding the disparity of a connection so unequal in most respects. The event justified the expectation of every ono. Lady Beresford . was treated by her husband with contempt, and. even with oruelty ; while at the samp time his whole conduct showed him to be the most abandoned libertine, utterly de'st^tute ot, every principal of virtue: and humauity. To,, this her second husband Lady ' Beresford brought two daughters, after which1, income- ? queues of the -profligacy of bit conduct, she insisted on a soparation. They parted for several years, when so great was the contrition which he expressed or his former behavior, that, overcome by bis persuasions and promises, she was induced ? to pardon and once more roside with him, and some time after sho became the mother of another son. The very day-month after the birth of her child, being the anniversary of her on_i birthday, she sent for her daughter, Lady Riveraton, ? »nd a;fewother friends, to request them to spend the day with her. ' ffor.' said she. ' I am 48 to day.' ' No,' answered the clergyman, 'you aro mistaken ; your mother \ and I have had many disputes concerniug your age. So, happening to go into the parish church where you were babtized, I was resolved to put an end to ray doubts by searching the register, and I find -that you Arc but 47 this day.' 'You have signed my death-warrant !' replied, she, ' I have not much longer to live ; 4- have not much longer to live ; I must, there fore, entreat yon to leave mo immediately, as I have something of importance to settle be fore I die !' When the clergyman bad left Lady Beresford she sent to pub off her company, and at the same time to request Lady Betty Cobbe and her son, of whom Sir ' Tristram vbh the father, and who was then about 12 years of age, to come to her apai tment im raeuiaieiy. upon tneir arrival sne uesirea her attendants to quit tho room. : ' I havo something of importance to communicate to you both, ' she said, 'before I die, for my end is not far distant. Yon, Lady Bet ty Cobbe, are nq^ stranger to the friend ship that always subsisted between Lord Tyrone and myself. We were educated under the same roof in; the principles. ^f deism, when tbe friends iuto whoia hkiids' we afterwards fell endeavore I to persutute-ni to embraoe. .revealed, religi -n, their argu ments, though they failed » convince us, were powerful enough rtojt ,gger our faith, And to leave us wavjmn| between ;twp opinions. In this pei^lexun state t-f doubt »nd uncertainty, we-'ini£de alwriemn.proause to each other that whitheye^shov'.d die tirst' would, if permitted by, tbe'^amighty, appear to the ottter to declare *wliat religion was' most acceptable to Him. Accordingly one night wlien Sir Tristram und-I-were1 in bedj, waked and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedside. I schemed Jbtft and en deavored, to wake : Sir- Tiistram. . ViJtor heaven's sake, my Lord Tyrone,' said L, ' by what means and for purpose cama yuu ' here at this time of night ?' ' Have you for gotten our promise, then 1' said be, ' I died last Thursday at i o'clock, and ainper mitted by the. Supreme Being to ttopeir to you to assure you that revealed religion is (lie true and the only one by whioh [you txn be wived. I »o» furuw permitted .to itwr'm you that you will give lvrtKto a son which it is decked .shall grow up and mtny my niece. Not. many years afte the childs birth Sir Tristram will die, and ou, hie widow, will.be /tnarnciLagnin' to a in' ,u by whose il! treatment f/BUr life wi|l be cudcn:il miser able TonViU Iwiiig'hiin two danglitcvs, and afterwards a eon ; you v ill die in child bed of that eon ou complo ug your forty seventh ' year.' 'Just heavens!' ex claimed I, 'and can I not prevent thi.«;' 'Undoubtedly,' said he, 'you uan, ymi .iiu a free agent, and may prevent it by resistin.: every temptation to a second uiania^. More I am not permitted to say. Bui if, after .these warnings, yon persist in your in fidelity, you will be miserable indeed.' ' May last,' Baid I, 'ifyouare happy?' ' Had I beou otherwise, said he, '1 slionM not have been permitted to 'appear to you ?thus.'.' ; tf'lmvy therefore infer that you oie happy p, .iSe-'mnHei- ' But how,' mid I, '*? whtn'roWorroiy jnbrniuj; caincs, shall I be Opnyinoid 'ftW'your appearance thus to inc lias JkMn'lSsii), and not tbe mere phantom of my imagination !' 'Will not the news of my death'' be sufficient to ramnnca- .^-pn ?'- said -he.- '/No,'; W»itl fj:*'!l')uight liavc had such a dreain, aViil tliat rtreaon accordingly come to pass. I winh to havi some strong proof »f:its reaHtyJ-'r: t* You ™a'-' ll-; K1*''' ? tbeu ie 'waved 'liis Lands, jand the bed curtains, which wero t/i ariuMon velvet, wove instantly drawn up through' a large iron hook, by which the tester of the bed; which was of an oval form,' was 'susjieudcil. ' Iu that,' said he, ' you canuct be mistaken, for no mortal arm could have performed it.' ' True' said I ; 'but as wo, sleep we ;arc often pos Mf-9fieA nf- triMjitap Rtranfrbli thah when Hv.-a!te — asleep I might have done it, au;l 1 sliall Still doobti'it.' He ttien said : Yo« !\;\vr, a pocket book hero, fti which I will write ; you know, my handwriting ?' I rcplieil 'Yea' He then wroto witb a poncil on the r.iilc of tho leaves. ' Still' said 1, ' I may doubt it ' though walking I could not imitate your hand writing, asleep I might.' ' You arc harj of belief,' said ho. 'I must not touch, you ; it would injure you irrepar ably. It p is not ior spirits to touch mortal's flesh.' 'I do not regard,' said I, 'a slight blemiBh,' 'You are a woman of cou rage,' said he, ' so bald out your hand.' 1 did so aud he struck my wrist ; his ha.ud was as cold as marble. In a moment the sinews shrunk up— eveiy nerve withered ! ' Xow,' said he, ' while you live let no mortal eye see that wrist ! It would be sacrilege,' He stopped; I turned to him again, but he was gone, I Felt chilled with horror. I endeavored to wake Sir. Trisbun, but in vain; all my dibits wero ineffectual, and in tbis stage of agitation aud horror I lay Uy: aouio time, when, a shower o' .tears, coming to joiy .relief, I dropped asleep. In the morning SirTristrani rose and dressed himself as usual without perceiving, or at all evcuts without«o(,iciug the state iu which tha.' curtains j-cmained. When ?L awoke 'I found that Sir Tristram had gone down stairs. I arose, and having put'on my clothes,' wenFin to the gallery adjoining .the; ^apartment and look from thence along broom, witli which I pulled doirn, though- not without; » great effort, tho curtains as I imagined their extra ordinary condition would occasion many in quiries, which I wished to avoid. , I then went to my bureau, locked lip my pocket-book, nud toeU out a piece of blac^ ribbon which l.luuud round. my wrist. . ,Wken L came down the agitation of my inind'had left an impression on my countenance top visible not to be re marked by Sir Tristram ; he instantly ob served my confusion and asked the oausc. 1 assured him that I waa quito well, Tsut in formed him that Lord Tyrone was now no more, for that he had died the pre ceding' Thursday at the hour of 4; at the same time I entreated him to drop all inquiries concerning the black ribbon. He desisted ever aftor from further questions on the subject. You, my son, as has been foretold, I afterwards brought into the world, aud a little more than four years after your birth, your ever-lameutcd fatbur ' expired in my arms. Alas I I have this day heard from indisputable authority that \ havo lain under a mistake hitherto with re gard to my age, and that I am but 47 to-day. Of the near approach of my death, therefore, I have not tbe least doubt, but I do not dread its arrival, armed with the sacred prin ciples' of Christianity. I can meet the kiug of terrors without .dismay and -without a tear bid adieu to the regions of mortal ity forever I When. I am dead I wish that you, Lady Biveratdn, would unbind my wriat, and let my son with yourselfTjcbold it.' Lady Beresford .here ceased for some time. An hour passed and all was silent in her room. In about haU-an-hour more a hull rang violently. They ilew to tho apartment; but before they reached the door they heard the servants exolaim, ' Oh, sho is dead ; my mistress is dead I' Lady Riverston than de sired the servants to quit the room. She approached ? the Tj«d with Lady Bcrosford's son. They knelt down by the side of the corpse, and Lady Riverston then lifted up her hand, unbound the ribbon, mid found her wrist exactly in the state which Lady Beresford had, ^described— its sinews shrunk up-audererytaervb withered. . ' .-—?»-??? 'Lady Bereslord's son, Sir Marcus Beresfurd_ as had been predicted, 'on growing '^upHo™ manhood, m«rrie6V toW Tyrone's daughter' and heiress, tftdy Katharine La Focr. lin due . couvsf of time herwas created Earl of Tyrone, and bis sou wSS»f^er\7ards created Marquis of Waterfdng?gThc pocket-book aud ribboa' ,wora by Tfiemikappy lady Beresford were lone iQ tlle possession of Lady Betty Cobbe; by whom the *bpve story was constantly re lated, and virho, .together with the; other mambenraPitnre-Beresford familv. now tte representatives,, prthe Earls of Tyrone, Will be ready.; ever 'to ' attest its facts. -Lady Eliwbeth Opl)be, it may be addod, was-lho yo'u'iipest da'nghtei'of Marquis, Earl of Tyrone ani sister of tha first Marous ; she marripd iu 17Sl Thomas: OpbSe, Esq., of Newbridge, county Pub^n, aud died at au an advanced ageiit.BatlvfulSOG. Tliere was formerly an oil painting of the heroine ,^of JJhis story in Tyrone House at Dublin,' representing her with a black ribbon tied around {her wrist, but this was lost iii the tr»n»mission«f#b.e oorrte&'s of that mansion t4 Currah'MijfiJidcd Waterford's seat in tho south ott^pm-jHb may be added that the lady was not, as generally stated, a cousin of her husband, but ^he: younger daughter of Hugh, Lord Glerawi^y ; that she w:is born in'^ou and marriea 'Sir Tristram ' hi 1687. rl vbsVbt the housajt^ his sister, -who uad raklHel.Sir J. Macpill, now the seat of in herftaupe oT^^Earlof Olanwilliaui, thut tho my^bruritBl^Biraotnstaiice above related is sald'uSbftv^'wanr^.r and the very^ room in iv-^ch^Seifaiparanoe.Jook plac4 is sL;!l shown to visitors;- Dr:' Kiug, tr}e Arch bishqp,pf J&ubUni-whpjH;*8 :h« lH0'.t, intimate porsonartriejuj, nad the lady iuried in the Earl blCorkVto'ml'lu S^. Patrick's Oatlledr.-l Dublin, whjirp suo.still luk'.^fjjndbi, (juceii. 