COUNTRY LETTERS. (From our own Correspondents.) Pekina., Jime 28. It commenced raining here on Wednesday, and continued raining steady until Friday, when it cleared off slightly, but it threatens now. The wiieat crops about here are looking nicely again, and the fanners here are also looking brighter since the rain, which was badly wanted. I hear the Government have advertised the section on which the wcll is situated about three miles south of the township. The residents got a memorial prepared, requesting that the well and the crossing over the creek, 011 which the Go- ^crm " ent expended some money lately, may reserved. , 13 j . A public meeting was held at the Pekina Hotej on Saturd^ ni ,lt t0 Iuake arra Ulents lor holding the annual show. It was decided to ask the Tareovie people to allow the show to be held at Pekina. A meeting is to be held on Friday night next. „„ Kanyaka Township, June 27. lhe weather still continues verv dry and „„., m , J . , , cold, lhe frosts are very sharp indeed, Xhcre ^ but verv ]iulc he,bage V(!t, and tiie young wheat does not look near so well as it did a month ago. The harvest prospects are very poor indeed. Last year the country looked bad enough, but it is far worse now. Business is still very dull. It is the dullest , .•'('.-i.-oa -.ve have had for th last 30 or J~J ! years. There arc no teams on the road, and it is not sale to get goods up by rail, for there are so many pilferers about If people are not at the siding at Gordon to receive their goods when they arrive they stand but a poor chance of getting them all. It is a pity souse of the thieves are not made an example of. I hear the Gordon people are almost certain who the thieves are. The Sandy Point country is proclaimed a fu:v,:t r^erVc, which is about al! it is lit for. The Palmers Creek country did not sell near so well, as was expected. I suppose 011 account of the dryness of the weather here during this season, which has made the country look very bad. _ T. FP.AXKI.IX ILAI^M, June U, i lie f urvevors have at iast coiunx-urcu Jo SI.1V,.V OIir to\vnshi!) laI1(J, „. tl|1, h:il.l)0l, aild j£ ,1,;; j.;u| done Kome time ago, and the land put up for sale, there is no doubt it would have been sold and occupied before tills; and some place of accommodation is very much required here for the convenience of fanners and others going backwards and forwards. A memorial has been sent in a short time ago through our member, Mr. P. B. Coglin, asking the Government to carry out various public works, some of which are very much required. A memorial has also been canvassing the neighborhood for signature^ praying for the appointment of Mr. D. McKenzie as a local J.P., the want of one having beon very much felt liere, as there is none nearer. than 60 or 70 iniles, and the names of nearly all the selectors in the harbor have been obtained, so it thus shows the popularity which that gentleman enjoys among his neighbors ana friends. Mr. McKenzie, who is now a selector, was for 16 years the manager of the Franklin Harbor Station, formerly the property of the late Dr. McKenzie, and afterwards Mr. Melrose, and beiug a person of strictly honorable, jus t. and upright principles, we think him well qualified for the trust. The early-sown wheat is looking splendid. Some of it is near]3* six inches high, and to all appearances the season seems favorable as yet, but a certain amount of rain is required throughout the season to ensure the success of the harvest Mr. Plenniss, pilot, of Wallaroo, has started to run a weekly boat between that port and here, wliieb will open irect communication with the peninsula, and will be a great convenience to us, as well as to persons visiting the place. SALTIA, June 29. The bounteous rains with which we have een favored have caused nature to cloth the eautiful hills by which our township is urrounded with verdure. The light green on the hill sides stands out as a fair background to the noble and venerable gums in Our creek. To a real lover of nature the picture must be channing, heightened by the number of goats that graze on the slopes, and the cattle round about the creek. The old t-iwnship itself is not idle. Teams are continually passing and repassing, laden with wood and stone. Stonebreakers hammers can lie heard all day long as they crack the metal for the improvement of bur roads, and the ring of the blacksmith's anvil is pleasant. These things show that Saltia is not a township of the past, but one that will yet be held in importance from its riches of wood and stone. The activity of the place was hushed on Friday morning last when the remains of our late respected friend and neighbor Mr. Robert Bunidge were conveyed to their last resting place in Stirling Cemetery. A goodly number of our townspeople followed 'in the procession, and thus showed the respect they iiad for him who had left them for a more peaceful and beautiful city than this. A A sermon appropriate to the occasion was preached on Sunday evening hist in our chapel, Mr. Newcomb taking as his text, " Man givetb up the ghost, and where is he." The committee of our Institute met on Monday evening. The President (Mr. D. Lithgow) gave as donations to the library two very handsome volumes, one entitled " Turkey and liussia," the other ' The history of Australasia." The treasurer reported a balance in hand, after paying all debts, of £5 Ts. (3d. in cash, and volumes in the library to the value of Hit 3s., which have actually beeu given, besides others which have been lent to the value of £4. Since the opening ceremony the reading-room has been open every evening and wcll attended. The committee, through the treasurer, have opened a banking account with the Bank of Adelaide, and at the meeting on Monday a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. D. Lithgow (the President) for introducing the committee to the manager of the bank. May the good work so happily began go on, prosper, and become a source of benefit and enjoyment to the working classes and youth of Saltia. 