iHE great political topic of the week lias been Mr Be'nVs mani festo at Goelon.or, and in all respects' it was worthy of the occasion. Never was the-veteran Premier in 1 better form, never were the denizens of the Pivot at a finer treat. The betting men of the metropolis, who invariably fly the colours of law and order, predict to a. certainty that Messrs Berry and Vale will fail to get returned, but when it comes to book- making they coolly ask three to two the other way. The speech may be accepted as a most perfect reflex of the people's mind upon the great political topics of the hour. Those topics have long since passed out of the arena of speculation, and have become subjects of settled be lief. The denizens of Victoria do not become seized of political wis dom intuitively. That wisdom is invariably the outcome of experi ence, very often of adversity. There is not one proposition in the Gee long manifesto which they have not thrashed and sifted and win nowed for years ; and there is not the ghost of a chance that they will ever be induced to forego one"'' solitary plank in the platform. The ratepayers’ roll for the Upper Chamber is to be the keystone of Constitutional reform; and for such as fear that the stride is too far let us console them with the assurance that the “Argus” had the honor ten years ago of recommending precisely the same thing. The best informed people one meets are con stantly recommending what they call moderation. Let us assure such political hoodlums that their fears are groundless, and totally unwarranted. During the highest state of civilisation which the world has yet seen, and that, with rever ence be it said, was some 400 years before the commencement of the Christian era, Caius Licinius Stolo, leader of the Commons, procured a law to be enacted prohibiting any person from holding more than three | hundred acres of land. Now what is the ratepayers’ rollers when com pared to such an aggressive mea sure as that just named The Con servative party, in resisting such temperate concessions as those demanded by Mr Berry, must therefore be either asleep or totally ignorant of the admonitions of history. Turning now for a moment , to the financial position of the . colony, so graphically depicted by Air Berry, it is certainly most pain ful to reflect that there are such glaring discrepancies between that [ statement and the one so recently enunciated lry Mr Service. One or other must be an absolute falsifica tion, and we do not hesitate one moment to believe that Mr James Service is the delinquent. But is such jug-Jing not most insulting to the genius and character of any . community ? The remedial mea 1 sure.-; Unfed at by Mr Berry wo most cordially endorse, bearing in . mind, however, the golden rule that i every member, of a community should contribute to the public revenue according to his income. Such has ever been the first prin ciple in all democratic governments. Idas if been so in Victoria. Never . as yet. All governments need money, and plenty of it. As a rule, 1 also, we regret to say, all govern ments put their hands into the least resisting pocket, which is invariably that of the poor man. There are few ' countries in the world where the wages earning community are more heavily taxed than in Victoria, and this sort of taxation simply means . reduction of wages. Is it fair, we would then ask, that the wealthy and the powerful, the absentee land lord and the class who, lor thirty 1 years, have pocketed the grazing revenues of three colonies, should escape scatheless, whilst every wage earning member of the community, from the Governor downwards, is to be either further taxed, or have bis alimentary allowance reduced? The fact is the rich will not pay revenue. They seized the Govern ment who introduced the Land Tax by the throat, and all but .-strangled it. Is this class to ’/triumph? Is the government. to succumb ? Are we not beginning at the wrong end by reducing tho wage earner with JP200 or J?300 a year and overlooking the unearned inevetnenters with their £2000 and .£3000 a year l The wage earner, either in government or private employment, it should not be for gotten, is capable of being unjustly dealt with; but it should not be forgotten that the wage earner either in government or private employment doesnot always quietly succumb to a supposed injustice. Retrenchment in the Civil Service in England had at last reduced its members to a state of chronic in debtedness to the government. The civil servant had but one of two alternatives left, either to get more money or make that which he earned go farther. He adopted the latter alternative. He commenced the now world renowned Civil Service Co-operative Stores, and by his intelligence, education, and address pioneered their successful application amongst the entire working population of the thiee kingdoms. But unfortunately the class who under the auspices ot j Joseph Hume and John Bright j were continually clamouring for re- j trencliment — the retail traders j have been irretrievably ruined. | The whole army and navy ate j members of tlie naval and military co-operative system. It has long since spread to India and every | British colon}', and bids fair to f supersede the whole retail trade o ; the world. Tho longer property > remains untaxed and the further j we reduce wages, either public or , private, the more do wc facilitate the advent of co-opcration. Iheso ; Considerations arc legitimate ui- j gredients in the financial discussion ; of the hour, and should not be over looked byr cither Cabinets, Parlia ments, or the community. Another boon held out in tlie new Pr0j gramme, is tho abolition of plow voting! This journal was the only organ" of public opinion in this | colony which for years advocated the abolition of plural voting. pnlv that the public mind has been enm-ossed with weightier matters the iniquitous monopoly would have been abolished long ago. In conclusion let us rally around the standard which has just been un furled. Outside of Parliament the Liberal host was never stronger. Inside of Parliament matters are not o bright. The “esprit de corps” of the° Liberal phalanx has been somewhat damped by new and antiquated combinations in the house. The Liberal Cabinet of 1S80 is far from being the bed of roses which it represented in May, 1877. Clouds and whirlwinds have altern ately blackened and disturbed the atmosphere. Running free when amongst the people, no sooner does the good ship “ Freedom” wind in amongst the shoals and sandbanks of Parliament house than she begins throwing the lead The old headlands have shifted. Sand banks have formed, and it will require a cool head and a brave heart to pilot the old state craft over into deep water and fair weather. The Kelly mania, thank heaven, ap pears to be subsiding. The leading metropolitan journals have pandered to this morbid craving, and made heaps of money over it. Dissatisfied with mode rate profits, they have been publishing second and third-editions every day in the week, Sunday included. The poor, wounded, broken down imbecile who now stands in the dock awaiting the final announcement of his doom at the hands of a jury is not altogether desti tute of interest nor altogether beyond the pale of sympathy. The she-wolf who had suckled him nmidst the wild romantic scenery of the Strathbogie Ranges is suddenly torn from the pa rental lair, and sent for three years to Beechwortli jail with an infant at her breast, and the name of mother is sacred even at the Rats’ Castlfe. The lioness will vie in solicitude for the offspring she lias suckled with the finest lady on earth. A brother-in-law and a friend who exhibited tlieir sympathy for the Kelly family by half murdering the apprehending constable got lumbered for six years at the same time, and their wives and families thrown upon the world, All this was a powerful stimu lant to revenge, no doubt, and according to the ethics of the Strathbogie district, revenge, not self-preservation, is the first law of nature. But the law does not moralise in this fashion ; it simply enacts that whoso sheddeth man's blood by man shall his blood bo shed. And such is inevitably the doom of Ned Kelly. It was, we think, an act of injudicious sympathy on the part of the Duke of Edinburgh to intercede for the notorious scoundrel, Frank Gardner. Sympathy when it is not formed on common sense is a most spurious, hurtful commodity. Ned Kelly has been the exact counter part of Gardner. They were for years the ringleaders and schoolmasters of all the rowdy, cattle-duffing larrikins in the districts where the)' lived. Cautious and cunning, they made it a point of thrusting others into, the noose and keeping their own head ont of it. Frank is at this-moment very likely a member of Congress—he is certainly enjoying himself in a bar parlour, and possibly playing Yankee grab, whilst bis poor pupils sleep under the gallows. As for Ned, he undoubtedly peached upon his old preceptor, Power, the bushranger, in order that be might earn a-remission of bis sentence, and throughout the whole, of his subsequent career he was ambitious of doing the magnanimous, and using his pupils as a foil in order that he might appear bright in com parison. It is this which goes to prove that by far the most guilty, dangerous, and truculent members of the Gardner nnd Kelly gangs are still to the fore. The distribution of the reward will soon occupy the public attention—a few words therefore on the subject. Our police appear to have been for a very long time at sea as to the modus operawli of catching the Kellys, and yet in both New South Wales and Tasmania the method is stereotyped and never devi ated from. Cash kept tlie roads for twelve months m Tasmania, and -al though there were at one time 500 men, constables and soldiers, in pursuit, they never captured him. It was not till Cash ventured back to or.e of his old haunts in Hobnrtown that he was taken. Superintendent Price, the moment he heard of Cash’s escape from Port Arthur, placed a couple of police in plain clothes on the look around the house where Mrs Cash lived. It was a long wait, but Cash turned up at last, and was of course taken. Now it was in pursuance of this theory that Sherritt was at last paid off to keep the but of Mrs Byrne under espionage. And the lint where Sherritt sheltered the police was simply a detective office in disguise. It was tlie real and only point of dan ger in the whole scheme, and without it the gang would never have been driven to bay. This will therefore form a very important consideration, we believe, in distributing the reward fund. Mrs Sherritt, as hut-keeper and constant companion of her husband, shared a very considerable amount of danger and responsibility, and this, wc believe, will not be lost sight of cither. From Captain Standish downwards no man connected with the capture of the Kellys played anything like so dangerous and important a part as Aaron Sherritt, and wc trust that his wife’s claims will have the first consideration. Oi.n Teaheji is at it again. The ob scure country attorney who now ravels in ■ the Britannia metal titlo of Sir Charles Sladen, asked the Government representative in the Legislative Coun cil the other evening whether the gen tleman named as Commissioner of Cus toms was the Mr Clark who was said to be editor of a newspaper in Williams town, which a few weeks ago contained remarks, not only very disloyal, but very insulting to the Queen of the empire of which this colony formed part. This is the ruse which any Small Debt Court practitioner would adopt— to ask a question as a pretext, for making a statement—and a statement, by the way, which is deslilutc of the smallest vestige of truth. Mr A. T. Clark, it is very well known, is neither editor nor sole pioprietor of the Willuvnstown Advertiser- and his repeated repudia tion not only of the authorship of the article, but of the disrespectful language therein contained lias been accepted by the whole people and press of this community. Tearcm must have been j asleep not to have known all this long ago. 'With all his money, and all his advantages, he has never shown himself capable of taking a lead in Vic torian politics. So never had any capacity beyond that of a mud-thrower. And, with all our respect for our good little Queen, we cannot but regret that she was ever induced so far to reverse the order of nature as to confer upon one, who is possibly the dullest-headed man in her dominions, a title of social precedence over his fellow colonists. Knighthood in such a case is utterly a burlesque. We have rarely heard of him since the time he used to accuse Sir James McCulloch and Mr Francis of defrauding Her Majesty’s customs. This was a favourito topic of the Gee long attorney and the Conservative lacquey, Edward Langton ; and Mr, A. T. Clark’s disloyalty promises to bo an equally favourite topic for some time to come. 1 bey say. What say they? Let them say.” ^ During the many years that Hugh Glass was attempting to bribo impe cunious members of the Assembly, and got lumbered for so doing, and during the time that the late Mr Justice Fel- I lows was attempting to bribe Mr C. E. Jones with payment of members, pro vided Jones and his friends turned out the McCulloch Ministry, Tcarcni was employed in the congenial occupation of bearing false witness ngainst his neighbours, Messrs McCulloch and Francis. Wc do n<3t purpose wasting much ■ time over Sir Charles on this occasion. His insinuations against Mr A. T. Clark are too self-evident to require contradiction irom us. Than himself there has never been a greater enemy to the people of this colony. When the day of reckoning comes his ransom ought to be a heavy one. That day may be nearer than he anticipates, secure as ho may fancy himself to be. Few have struggled more assiduously to keep the people oil' the lands and hand them over to the squatter than he has done. The name of the attorney firm who first organised the conspiracy in the Western district to baulk the bona fide selector is not unfamiliar to his ear, we venture to believe. The arrogant and despotic procedure of the Council from first to last, in regard to mining on private property, has had no more un scrupulous defender than Mr Clark’s accuser. He has been the “ heavy man ’’ of the Upper Chamber, and when its time comes he will stand chargeable with having mainly precipitated its demise. The members of the Foot-Cray dramatic club have determined to hold their fourth entertainment at the Koyal Hall on Friday evening the 27th inst. Mr Holmborg, of Williamstown, has a valuable collection of pictures, which were exhibited at the Art Exhibition of the Me chanics Institute. They will be sold in the hall, by auction, this afternoon: Intending nominators are informed that the nominations for the Seaford Stakes, to be run for on August 19th, on the estate of It. B. ltiddcll, Esq., under the auspices of the Williamstown and Wyndham Coursing Club, will close on Monday, the Kith instant, at 8 p.m. sharp, at the offices, Thompson street, Williamstown. The Williamstown Yearly Friendly So ciety held their annual meeting on Monday evening last, to wind up for the past year, when the sum. of 13s. was paid to each member. The recipts were £G7 Ss. The expenses for sick and funeral money, Sec., £15 ISs. Id. During the time this society has been carried on—since 1SGG—£1332 10s. lOd. has been contributed, ,£GS3 19s. lid. has been expended, and £G1S 10s. lOd. re turned to members. The Society was started for another year with a Committee as fol lows:—Mr. K. Clark, President; Mr. Free man, Vice-President; Mr. Moonic, Trea surer ; Mr. Senior, Secretary ; and Messrs. Goble, Stark, .Hubbard, Smith, Paul, Thomp son and Paton. In reply to a deputation that waited on him respecting the raising to a sufficient height of the Saltwater river bridge, to allow the free passage of crafts about to be used in the frozen meat trade which is to be car ried on at Maribyrnong. the Commissioner of Customs said that he would endeavour to meet their wishes. Mr Clark has since con sulted with his colleague, the Minister of Public Works, on the subicct, and wc under stand that the work will be carried out, as the Government desire to give every facility for the establishment of that new and important industry. At the quarterly meeting of the Dawn of Freedom Lodge, No. 19G, I.U.G.T., the fol lowing, officers were installed for the ensuing term by Pro T. Richards, D.G.W.C.T.. as sisted by Bro Warne, D.D. and Bro Reayi W.C.T. of Lodge No. 253 W.C.T. Bro Ellis, V.T. Sis J. Darling, W.C. Bro Terry, W.S. Bro Warne, jun., A.W.S. Sis Dagg, F.S. Sis M. Darling, W. T. Bro Whyte, W.M. Bro C. Dagg, D.M. Sis Wilkie, AY..T.G. Bro Murphy, O.G. Bro Miller, R.II.S. Bro Lacy, L.II.S. Bro Hoad, W.li. Sis Fletcher, P.W.C.T. Bro Williamson. The quarterly returns are very satisfactory. There were croakers who prognosticated during the election campaign last month that if cither of the twin boroughsof Williamstown and Footscray returned their old liberal members to represent them, the share of the Government loaves and fishes that would fall to either borough would be small indeed, and the cloud of Kerviccism would virtually cover and leave them in the gloom. Their anticipations have been reversed and one of the beneficial outcomes of the victory the party achieved is that both places will re ceive a fair share of Government favors. On Wednesday the Commissioners of Public Works and Customs visited Footscray and Williamstown officially to examine the road being made on each side of the Stony Creek so as to render the bridge of some practical use. The scheme met with Mr Langridge’s approval, as he could not fail to seethe bene fits to be derived by the public and the Government in the increased value of the large acreage of Crown lands in the vicinity. On the Footscray side the sixteen and a half chains of unmado and impassable approach to the bridge has been formed and mctal!ed> and a thoroughly substantial road made, the borough being thereby saved a large outlay if it had been undertaken at all ; for it is al most certain that the bridge must have re mained a useless white elephant for many years but for this lucky windfall. On the Williamstown side the road is being formed along the hank of the river, and will join at the steam punt on the road to Sandridge. When completed not only will the distance between the two places be considerably shor tened, lmt an agreeable drive formed that may lead to the influx of a considerable num ber of visitors to Williamstown during the hot summer months. The work will be car ried out as speedily as circumstances permit, so that we may hope ere long to have a good short, and. pleasant road instead of the ill conditioned' rptly roundabout, with its in convenient,' 'time:wasting, railway crossings, The Footscray Rowing Olub held the ninth competition for the McKenna Cup on Saturday last, H. Copplestone, H. Irving, J. Johnstone, T. Wood (stroke) and Rae Johnstone (cox.,) rowing against C. Thomas, A. Frazer, G. Dnllaway, W. Orr (stroke) and J. Ellis (cox.) Alter a splendid pull Wood’s crew won by about half a boat’s length. A very handsome gold medal manufactured by Mr Holloway, jeweller, 73 Elizabeth street, is at present on view at his establish ment. It is to be presented to the Lauriston Hurling Club, by Mr Chas. Clark of the Mel bourne Hurling Club. On one side is a re presentation of the game of Hurling, on the other a suitable inscription. The honorable the Minister of Education has intimated his intention to call for tenders for completing the Upper Footscray State School ns soon as ever the money for building purposes has been passed by Parliament. A sum of £70,000 was voted to the late Govern ment, but Mr Ramsay refused to recognise the pressing claims of the borough for school accommodation. He did not however, reign long enough to allot the money to favoured constituencies and consequently the vote elapsed and the money must be re-voted be fore it can be used. Mr H. E. Cheshire, says the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, who for some three months past has been in charge of the Beech wortb post-office, and during his short stay in town has made many friends, leaves to day (Saturday) on leave of absence. He will be succeeded by Mr Groves recently in charge of the Maldon office. Mr Cheshire, it will be remembered, rendered public service, which certainly deserves suitablerecognition, in connection with the last outbreak of the Kelly gang atGlenrowan on the 2Sth June— by proceeding to that place on his own re sponsibility, knowing that there was no telegraphic communication established there, and attaching a small pocket instrument to the telegraph wires transmitted the startling intelligence to all parts of the colonies. While wishing him every pleasure and enjoy ment during bis holiday, we trust that he may at its expiry return to resume his official duties at Beechworth, where he is so much appreciated. The annual election for the south riding of the shire of Wyndbam caused by the retire ment of Councillor Connop by effluxion of time, took place on Thursday last. Two candidates were nominated for the vacancy, viz., Edmund J. Connop and G. Russell, both storekeepers of Little River. Not much in terest was taken in the proceedings, as it was considered that neither of the candidates were fit for the position, consequently a goodly number of votes remained unpollcd. At Little River Connop polled 33 votes to Russell’s 29, and at Wyndbam, the former candidate secured 39 as against 28 for the latter, thus winning the seat by 15 votes, the total number polled being Connop 72, Russell 57. The defeated candidate ac cepted the result manfully, parting with his opponents in the utmost friendly manner. It is to be regretted that the same cannot be said of Mr Connop’s action. Alighting from the train at the Little River Railway Station after the poll had been declared, he made nse of most abusive language. Mr Connon's outburst was treated to all the consideration it deserved—contempt. Beware of a Cougii.—There is nothing more to be dreaded than a bad cough. Thousands lose their lives by neglecting to, remedy what is known as a “slight cold.” Remember, when such a wonderful cure is at hand to always keep a bottle of the EATER TON COUGH REMEDY in the house. By this means you will save your children’s and your own lives. Over 10,000 bottles sold annually. It cures coughs, asthma, whoop ing cough, &c.;, when nothing else will, bold everywhere. Pamphlets and directions may be had on application at the manufactory, corner of Flinders and King streets, Mel bourne, sent free to any address. Letters and telegrams receive prompt attention. Sold in bottles at 2s each. 