? T H E A T R E EOYAL. BENEFIT OF MR. GORDON. Last night was the last of the dramatic season and the last appearance of the Royal Company prior to a season of opera. The occasion was a special one, inasmuch as a benefit was given to Mr. W. Gordon, the Treasurer, who, though not in the habit of walking the boards, is,'well and favourably known to the frequenters of the theatre; and as Mr. Fairclough, who lately played a successful round of classical characters, has returned to the Royal for the one appearance, and Mr. Roberts and Miss Clara Lemore appeared in an amusing drawing-room piece, the bill was a most attractive one, and drew a fine house. The first part of the programme was " Billing and Cooing," in which Mr. Roberto personated a much-bored benedict, who begins by complaining of his better-half being all honey, and by means of a little artifice on her part is made to change his tune completely before the end. The sketch, which is a very amusing one, was given with a great deal of spirit, both by Miss Clara Lemore and Mr. Roberts, and kept the house in roars of laughter. Nest came "Katherine and Petrucbio," Mr. Fairclough, we need hardly say, appearing as the shrew- tamer. Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner assumed the role of the haughty Kate. This actress is well adapted for such characters as Catherine, and played it remarkably well. Of Mr. Fairclough's Petrucbio we have spoken before. Petrucbio seems to swagger too much in the first scene, for considering it to be put on for the purpose of taming Katherine, it is surely unnecessary ere he has seen her; but in the rest of the play, though (he was suffering from a very bad cold, Mr. Fairclough acted with considerable effect. He ought not to be dissatisfied with the reception he again met with from Adelaide playgoers, for when he made his appearance be was greeted with prolonged applause. Mr. Thorne was very amusing as Grumio. Mr. Elliott played Baptists, Mr. Douglas Brondello, the Tailor Mr. Neil O'Brien, and Bianca Miss Essie Jenyns. The performance concluded with the eccentric comedy " The Spitalfields Weaver," Mr. Herbert Fleming appearing as Brown, Mr. F. Thorne as Simmcos, Mr. Hans Phillips as Darvil, Mr. F. Forbes as Dawson, and Miss Maggie Knight as Adele. The performers in the comedy were successful in their various parts. The orchestra, under the baton of Mr. John Hall, gave the overture to " Semiramide" before the rise of the curtain, and during the evening the cornet solo u The Village Blacksmith" and "The Triplet Polka," a trombone solo, were played in an artistic manner, showing that the musicians of the orchestra are not alone effective in the band. Both pieces were loudly applauded. To-night will doubtless be the occasion of a brilliant attendance, being the first of the opera season. " Maritana" is the opera to be presented, and Miss Elsa May makes her first appearance in this colony in the title role. PEPPER'S GHOST.—The lovers of the marvellous have a treat in store for them this evening in the exhibition at White's Rooms of the exceedingly clever optical illusion known as Pepper's Ghost by the gentleman who is its inventor. We had an opportunity of seeing a rehearsal of a portioa of the entertainment on Friday, and are, therefore, able to speak from more than hearsay. Some of the spectres are very well defined, and as "they come like shadows so depart," they cannot fail to excite the cariosity as well as the admiration of the spectator. One of the items in the programme is a representation of incidents in the classical and remarkable story of Pygmalion and Galatea, and the gradual fading away of the figure of the vivified statue was very effectively managed. Other portions of the entertainment combine both the wonderful and the humourous, and the adventures of an unfortunate barber, whose shop is. haunted by ghosts, is sure to excite the merriment of the audience. BAZAAB AT THE TOWN HALL.—The Sisters of St. Joseph's caritorama was continued at the Town Hall on Friday evening. There was again a large attendance, and the ladies appeared to be disposing of a large quantity of goods. Ms. AETHUE SKETCHLEY.—The author of the Mrs. Brown papers appeared for the last time at Garner's Theatre on Friday eveniBg, October 8, when he gave a series of Shakspearian readings to illustrate the character of Sir John Falstaff, and he followed this up by telling in Mrs. Brown's-own language how the stout old lady spest a happy day. There was a good though not a crowded house. The first part of the entertainment was described by Mr. Sketchley as " sublime," the last as " ridiculousbut if we can correctly judge the feeling of the audience, we should say that they enjoyed the adventures of Martha Brown ten times — nay fifty times — as much as those of the fat old knight. Mr. Sketchley looked Sir John. Falstaff, and spoke bis words well; but he attempted the very difficult task of reading scene after scene from the first part of Skafcspeare's ' King Henry IV., 3 and of taking nearly all the characters who are supposed to speak in these scenes. We think this was a great mistake, and that Mr. Sketchley would have done far better if he had given a few short illustrative readings bringing eut the character of Sir John the more distinctly because of their being surrounded by less of what may be termed by-play. We speak thus strongly because we were quite disappointed—as nearly all the audience .seemed to be—with the hour and a quarter which was occupied by the one continuous reading from Shakspeare's play, while tbey were intensely amused and kept in a constant state of effervescing merriment by the recital of how " Martha Brown" enjoyed herself during her day's outing. It is needless to follow the old lady through her laughable experiences in missing the "emlibug," getting into the wrosg steamer, being lost in the maze at the Rosberville Gardens, or being " made like a pitful porcupine through having of the gathers of her dress tore out, and then pinned up with half a paper of pins." Mr. Sketchley certainly never appeared to greater advantage than in the too-short half-hour he gave of Mrs. Brown and her happy day. Indeed it would be almost impossible to conceive of anything more amosing or more cleverly rendered. This makes us wonder all the more that a gentleman possessed of such elocutionary power and such keen perception should allow himself to appear to so little advantage as he did during three fourths of bis entertainment on Friday. After the recital Mr. Sketchley bade farewell to the people of Adelaide, and expressed his gratification at what he had seen in this city. FLOWEE SEBVICB OF SONG AT^AUBURN.—For many weeks the children of Auburn, assisted by ladies and gentlemen, have been practising for a " flower service of song," initiated by- Mr. W. Roesie, which came off on Wednesday evening. Long before the time for opening arrived crowds were waiting at the door anxious to obtain entrance, so as to be able to seat themselves comfortably. The idea is quite a unique one in the country, not one of a similar nature haviDg been previously attempted out of the city. The embellishments in the hall were really beautiful. Inside the hall at the front entrance were a number of banners and bannerettes, on which were inscribed Scripture texts; also evergreens. Very large and exceedingly pretty festoons graced the sides of the building. In front of the platform was a neat, well-formed miniature gardeD, with flowers in bloom in it, seats, and a lake, with mimic swans floating on it, by Mr. Kennett. On the platform the instruments were decked with flowers and around it were thousands of cut flowers and a number of pot plants. Above the platform, in the centre, was the wcrd "Welcome" nicely framed with frosted ivy leaves, with flowers interwoven; above that was a star, on each side of the star a motto—" Consider the Lilies" and " The Rose of Sharon," executed by the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Hawkins. To the left and right of these were two pictures painted for the occasion by Miss Wood, a local amateur of considerable talent; one represented a bunch of lilies, and the other tulips. The programme was well carried out, and when the little children were singing or delivering the recitations the silence was profound. The proceeds are to be divided amongst the Sunday- schools. On Thursday morning a number of bouquets were forwarded to the Children's Hospital, Mrs. Hawkins kindly consenting to take charge of them. In introducing the programme Mr. RoBsi made a few remarks on the influence of beauty over mankind, and then called on the Misses Lambert to play the overture, after which Mr. W. H. McDonald gave an original recitatien, written by him for the occasion. The children then sang " May Day," and Miss Clara Malpas, a child of nine summers, gave very prettily " Who shall be Queen ?" " Rosalie, the prairie flower," by Miss Carrigg, followed; the children following with " Won't you buy my pretty flowers after which Mr. E. M. Dudley read "Junetta." "I would be a daisy," by Miss Laura Carrigg, the most juvenile singer, was very sweetly rendered, the children following with "I would be an ivy leaf." Miss Clara Malpas then recited the answer to " Who shall be Queen," " All amongthe barley" by the children was the next on the programme, after which Miss Helen Harmer sang " Leaf by leaf the roses fade." Mr. Dudley gave in good style "The lily and the rose;" Misses Dudley and Bleechmore followed with a duet of the same title, and then the children sang "Ah, keep the little faded flower." Miss Oveston gave "Why do summer roses fade ?" verv nicely. u Little Reaper," by the children, was followed' by " Flower Gatherers," by the Misses Oliridge very prettily sung. The children then sang " Little Flowers," after which Mrs. Rossi save "Consider the Lilies" in her well-known style After Miss Clara Malpas had again appeared, this time in ' Bring more flowers," and the children had sang "The Reaper ana the Flowers," the Rev. O. W. Hawkins moved a comprehensive vote of thanks to ail those who had assisted in getting the service up. Mr. Rossi responded, and said they did not want to make money so much as to cultivate a taste for the beautiful and to give the children a treat. Mrs. J. E. Bleechmore provided cakes and oranges for the children at the end of the service. " God Save the Queen" brought the whole proceedings to a close. 