AUBURN, December 14. The weather for the last few days has been rery hot aud oppressive, but the sky is now jver cast aud has every appearanca of a thunder shower. Jlay catting is almost mushed with tne farmers aud reaping will begin almost imme diitely, but on account of the serious damage done by the red rust the yield will not 'tie nearly so good as anticipated, some crops that had every appearance of yielding twenty, bushels per acre, are not likely to go more than eight or ten bushels. Professor Pepper gave his entertainment on ghosts in the Town Hall on Wednesday night last to a very good house, who expressed themselves as highly satisfied with the en tainment. Our local cricketers sent a very weak team ti try conclusions with the Saddlewortiis on Saturday last and were alleged to have .been 1-eatsn by two runs and two wickete ; they had nobody to act in the capacity of scdrerBp had to trust to the scoring ef their opponents. The Anburns were first to the wickets .and were all disposed Of for ta:H--three runs, the Saddleworth followed and compiled sixty-five; the Anburns again handled the willow and made a. fine display of batting, knocking the bowling to all parts of the field and it was not till they had tojOed no 124 that the last wicket felL D. Smith played a faultless innings of fifty-one not out and F. Taylor in his usual pretty style made sixteen. The Saddleworth with ninety-three to win and less than an hour to do it in commenced tlieir task ; when' Hie eighth wicket feJl th 'y claimed to having won the match, bnt wh *u the Auburn's examined the &ore;*heet t'-iey found that the bowling analysis had beea kept and the number of ? runs Only am innted to sixty-six, -while the' total scows as k-.iit a.' tore amounted to ninety-six, which lou'ieil r-ither suspicions.' 'The name oT the Auburn Cricket Club has spread as far as Adelaide, not on account of 4he-number of wins they have scored, but for the gentle manly manner in which they play .their matches ; cousequeriSy*tbe Kebsipgtons and Norwopd teams are visiting them jinring the Christmas holidays. ,..,*., '/ 'ki ' I am happy to state tlia^; t've firm of Brem ner and Gnwden liave started in onr town .ships again, and -that the .welcome ring of the indefatigable ojd bell is heard' night and morning again ; business is not so lively as it generally is at this time of the year. 