LAUUNCESTON EXAMINE R. [PUBLISHED DAILY.] WEDNESDA Y, MAY 19, 1880. WaEN a fallacy has been thoroughly exploded it is folly to waste time in its re- discussion. It is only traversing a weary circle, that never can have a ter mination. Thus it is with the slimy reptile protection : though its follies and falsities have been exposed over and over again, it still has its advocates, and probably always will have. We will undertake to say that, in spite of our educational progress, there are as firm believers in ghosts and witch-craft at the present day as there were a hundred years ago-not so many, perhaps, but quite as con firmed; and men are to be found now (of course not those who subscribe to news papers) who will tell you that the sun goes round the earth. Popular errors are very tenacious, and those who cling to them must be allowed the small satis faction to be extracted from them. A few days since we received a copy of a "speech on the necessity of adopting a fiscal policy that will promote, en courage, and protect our native in dustries, delivered March 27, 1880, at the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, under the auspices of the League for the Encouragement of Colonial Industries; by David Buchanan, Esq., M.P., Barris ter-at-Law." We have given the title in full, as anyoine accustomed to read the literature of protection can supply in imagination all that follpws. We do not intend to expose the sophistries of Mr Buchanan and his school. The time for argument on this topic is gone by. Re sults have been reached which the world cannot resist : henceforth we must teach in our schools and familiarise our youth with the great economic verities of free trade, which are as .patent and as certain as those of physical science. From an opposite direction we have received another pamphlet entitled "The evil results of protection : a paper read before the members of the Kaiapoi Farmers' Club, by William Bateman; Christchurch, N.Z., on 11th March, 1880." Of course our sympathy is entirely with this writer, who does not aim so much at originality as to illustrate by a few striking examples the effect of protection upon the general population. Referring to the early protective days of Victoria, he says, "the farmers there were pro tected, so as to foster the agricultural interest, to the extent of one shilling per 100 lbs. of corn ; Victoria, at that time, having to import large quantities of both bread-stuffs and horse-feed. By this go verning policy the farmers were monopo lists of their position, to the extent of this protective premium, beyond the cost at which foreign powers were capable of supplying at. It is an indisputable fact thattheVictorian consumers, bysuchalaw, were compelled .to"pay to support this class of producer, and thus make more costly their own requirements of food ; all other articles protected are precisely in an analogous position to those grown by the fostered farmer : this was the root of protection. I will now show you the fruit it has brought forth. The Victorian fostered farmer, his wife, and his family, are now taxed in turn, from the crown of their heads to tbe soles of their feet, for the benefit of other privileged classes, and in order to enable a few town manu facturers to compete with the farmer for the labour he requires. His clothes, boots and shoes, implements, machinery, sacks, woolpacks, harness, horse-shoes, iron work, furniture, dairy appliances, axle trees, the very beds his family sleep on, and the blankets which cover them at night, etc., are all subject to heavy pro tective duties. In one of the cases I am about to instance to you, the modest de mands of a particular trader is to be measured by a nursing protection of a maximum help of one hundred and sixty per cent. !-He is the umbrella and parasolmaker. From the following you will learn the demands the master artisans and manufacturers have made. You can easily draw your own inference as to how these concern you all : 'they will certainly itbrtle you. The buggy and coachmaker: He starts with a protective tariff of twenty per cent., with the ostensible aim a of stopping the natural commercial rela- I tion and free dealing between the Vic- I torian (whose length.of purse may be for tunately long enough to enable him to buy I one of these necessaries) and the American maker. Now, what does the Victorian buggy manufacturer esay? He declared before this duty was given him, that he could make but a poor livelihood; but since its imposition he is doing well, and acknowledges it; but, nevertheless, ap peal is made by petition for an increase, as the 20 per cent. protective duty does not stop our American cousin from still sending his wares. In consequence of this competition, the protectionist finds his trade dull, and thinks matters over. He hits upon a plan to help him out of the dilemma-it is to ainend the tariff; and increase the obstruction from 20 to 50 per cent.! It seems indeed very ques tionable if even this would give him the monopoly of the trade he seeks for; be cause he himself adduces the following very potent reason :-' The Victorian manufacturera were 100 years behind America. in machinery, and ought to be protected by 100 per cent. duties.' " In this way Mr Bateman goes through the principal industries, showing what those engaged in them impudently extort from the public for their own aggrandise ment. Mr Bateman very truly says if New Zealand politicians had followed the steps of a good thrifty housewife that colony "would not now be saddled with an interest. debt of some three pourids eighteen shillings yearly per head-man, woman, and child !" We leave the fol lowing remarks to be pondered by the members of agricultural societies : "There is now only one more subject that I wish to refer to. It is yourselves. You have Farmers' Clubs established in various parts of New Zealand : but I am sorry to say that there is a feeling in the minds of some that discussions upon matters political among yourselves are irregular. Now, gentlemen, why should such an illogical view as this be upheld 1 Should not your great aim be progression and improvement ? And do not all public matters bear upon this very point ! To me it seems clear that you.are leaving un done the very thing which it is most essential for your welfare you should do; for if you do not study politics, and matters affecting your mode of cropping, etc., it is obvious that you will stand a fair chance of being out-raced by those of your competitors who do." 