AN INTERESTING CASE. Asingular case, illustratingaphaseof bush life, was heard at the civil sittings of the last Circuit Court at Deniliqnin. It was an action brought by some tank-sinkers, Close and another, against the station- holders. Messrs Brown, Oakden and Co. , to recover the difference between Is 3d and Is 6d per square yard of excavation of a tank constructed by plaintiffs on defen dants' station. The case on the face of it appeared to be perfectly plain, and from remarks made before the trial the defen dants had not a ghost of a chance of win ning. The case for the plaintiffs was that they had contracted and agreed to con struct the tank in question, contents 10,000 yards, at Is 6d per square yard ; and that they performed the work to the satisfaction of the defendants. The plaintiffs -for whom Mr Townsend M'Dermott, of Mel bourne, appeared — also produced a written agreement stating that the price was to be Is 6d per square yard. Mr G. B. Simpson, who was instructed by Air Reid, of Hay, fertile defendants, made a clever and suc cessful defence, and proved that, though the plaintiffs had a written agreement, the agreement was not made in good faith, and was, in fact, a mistake so far as the words one shilling and sixpence were concerned, and it should have been " one shilling and threepence," and in copying the duplicate the mistake must have occurred. In proof of this Air Simpson called two witnesses, neighboring squatters, who had made similar contracts for dam sinking, and had borrowed from the defendants the agree ment to take pattern by. They distinctly re membered that the price was Is 3d, and in fact, the ruling price in the district. The defendants, however, were challenged to produce this agreement, but they could not do so because it had been stolen from the house during their absence in Melbourne. The drawers had been burst open, and though a diamond pin was amongst the papers, this identical paper alone was missing. The cook, who was in the house at tlie time, was not called to give evidence, but defen dants wlio were working about a mile and a- half distance, were shown that the drawers had been broken open. The ease was put to the jury in a capital manner, and resulted in a yerclict for defendants. The.plaintiffs were much chagrined, and learned for the first time that a written agreement is not always binding. 