Testimonial to the Right Rev. Dr. Murray. In accordance with a resolution adopted at a preliminary meeting, a public meeting o£ the Catholics of Maitland and the surround- ing districts was held in St. John's school- room, Free Church street, "West Maitland, on Sunday afternoon, with the object of making arrangements for presenting Dr. Murray, the Bishop of Maitland, with an addresa and testimonial previous to his departure for -Europe. The Eev. Father Hand presided. There was a large attendance, many of whom were ladies. All the sitting accommodation was occupied, and many had to stand. The Eev. CuAinxiAir explained the reason he took the chair at that large and represen- tative meeting of the Catholics of Maitland and the surrounding districts. Ile took the chair with reluctance and sorrow, but with all his heart and soul, considering the object in "view. For some time past, as was well known to the people of Maitland, Dr. Murray's health has been failing. Some months ago he went away to Tasmania, with the hope of ^improving his health by doing so. But he was sorry to say that oven the health giving breezes of that delightful climate failed on the present occasion. The Bishop then carno to Sydney, and immediately his medical adviser ordered him to leave for Europe, and so free his mind as well as his bcdy from the yoke which he boTe so laboriously and untiringly amongst them for the last 13 or 14 years. (Applause.) He would leave it to the other speakers to ex- plain the sentiments of the meeting. His .own were those of sincere and profound sorrow for his Lordship's illness and conse -quent departure, and of esteem for him, for the ten years he had known him, and of admira- tion for him as they saw him in his works .throughout the diocese of Maitland. (Ap- plause). The circumstances preceding the meeting wore these : On Thursday lost, when it became known that his Lordship must leave for Europe, and immediately, the Cathedral Committee had a meeting, when it was unanimously resolved that a public meet- ing should be called, and an address of sym Îathy and a testimonial be presented to his lordship before his departure for Europe. Those who knew Dr. Murray, and the Catholics of Maitland, had but one mind concerning him. He would not say anything more, but call on the meeting to appoint a ^secretary to the movement. On the motion of Mr. E. HYNDES, seconded by Mr. M. MTJEIIAT, Messrs. P. J. Kerin and P. J. Byrne were appointed joint hon. secretaries. Mr. E.. HYITDES then came forward to move the first resolution. Before reading the reso- lution he thought he might be permitted to make a few remarks. He congratulated those present on there being such a large meeting. They had all responded nobly to do honor to their good Bishop. If the meet- ing had been held on Monday or some other day of the week, there would have been a large attendance of other de- nominations, to testify to the respect and esteem they had for the Bishop, who was held in universal respect as a towns- man. As a Bishop he had maintained his Ïosition, and performed his duty, without urting the 'feelings of others. If ever a cleric or bishop followed in the footsteps of his great master, Christ, with works of kind- ness, with love, and with charity towards his fellow-creatures, that person was Dr. Murray. (Applause.) They all knew he had worked very hard since he came amongst them. His heart and soul were in his work. He had erected churches and schools all over the district. He had to attend to all the financial arrangements as well aB his other duties, which had under- mined his constitution and brought on his illness. The most active business men were often afflicted with such illness, and had their sympathy and respect. But how much more was tlieir Bishop entitled to it, who had worked for them and so brought on the illness he was now suffering from, and through which he was recommended to leave for Europe. No illness came on a man worse than that Dr. Murray was suffering from, and those who experienced it could heartily sympathise with him. The resolu- tion he moved was as follows :-" That this meeting desiie to express its sympathy with his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland, in his illness, and regrets that it necessitates his early departure for Europe." The resolution required no comment from him. They all deeply sympathised with his Lordship, and regretted his departure. Their only hope and consolation was that they hoped and trusted, and prayed, that he would be restored to good health, and would return again to the , diocese with renewed energy to enjoy the good results of his work and teaching. (Ap- plause.) Mr. M. MUKHAT had much pleasure in seconding the resolution so ably proposed. The resolution was of so admirable a nature and was drawn up in so comprehensive a manner that it admitted of very little being said on it. He agreed with Mr. Hyndes in his admirable remarks regarding his Lord- ship, and of his character as a citizen. Under any circumstances the departure of his Lordship would be regretted-deeply regret- ted by Catholics ; but under present circum- stances, with his health broken down, it must be a sorrow to Catholics to get up a testimonial. The Bishop had worked very hard, and had broken down in health, before. On the present occasion also it was owing to his untiring exertions in looking after the spiritual interests of the Catholics of Maitland. By looking around them they would see what he had done-schools had been erected, a college established, and a nunnery established which was the first school in the colony for girls. Churches had been built, and priests brought out. There were only about five priests in the diocese when his Lordship arrived, and now they had twenty-six. All the care of these works had been on his Lordship's mind, and his health had broken down in con- sequence. That being so, the Catholics of Maitland should not only show their sym- pathy with him by attending in large num- bers, and so show their respect and apprecia- tion of his labours ; but they should also go a step further, and show in a marked manner their appreciation of MB labours, by subscrib- ing heartily and liberally to the testimonial they proposed to give his Lordship. The Catholics should subscribe very liberally, aB a proof to his Lordship thÄt he had not laboured and sacrificed his health for an ungrateful people. It would be very gratifying to his Lordship to know that he was enshrined in their hearts, and that they felt deeply the cause of his leaving the colony. As far as the money value of the testimonial was concerned, that his Lordship did not care for, but it would be valued more as a proof that he possessed the support and confidence of the district. It had been mentioned that the time was inopportune, com- ing so close after the Easter collec- tion. Ile admitted that it was, but when they_ considered the great cacrifices of his Lordship for the benefit of Maitland, even to the losing of his health, he would ask the Catholics of Maitland ought they not to over- come any little difficulties of that sort. It would also reflect the greater credit on them, as by raising a large subscription then there would be greater honor than if it was done under ordinary circumstances. Mr. P. O'KKEITE, in response to the call of the chairman, next addressed the meeting. Ile was truly sorry that they had to assemble on this occasion to express their sympathy with their venerable Bishop. If ever anyone had gained the love of the people, the Bishop of Maitland was that one ; and with respect to a testimonial, it was only an actual ex- pression of their respect and love for him. The Bishop did not seek it. They should remember what he had been before he came there. For thirteen years he had been the companion of the Archbishop of Dublin, morning, noon, and night; and if it was only the companionship of the men of his cloth who visited there, it was a pleasure to speak and a honor to listen to them. But the Bishop had' left all these i enjoyments and come out here to work for the glory of God and the good of the people. The humblest of them all were all alike with the Bishop. He would do all he could for j any one of them, and he was ready to per- form the duties of the humblest priest, He ' was leaving behind him a body of as noble and respectable clergy as there was anywhere under the Pope of feome. That must be a matter of great consolation to him, to whom all the credit was due for it. He hoped they would give him a nice and respectable testi- monial of their affection and good-will, and he would pray that he would return again. If they were so unhappy as to never see him again, on his like they would never look again. He had the respect and love of all who knew him Protestants spoke highly in praise of him, and would do honor to the Bishop of Maitland. (Applause.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried. Mr. E. EWENS waB applauded on coming forward to move the second resolution. Eeference having been made to the meeting being held that afternoon, he explained that the matter had been warmly discussed at the preliminary meeting, and it was decided to hold it on the Sunday afternoon to enable the country people to attend it. Judging from the number at the meeting he thought they were justified in doing so. He would now move the following resolution :-" That in order to testify our regard and esteem for Dr. Murray, and our appreciation of his labours in the cause of religion and educa- tion, and in recognition of his many charit- able works, an address and testimonial be presented to his Lordship previous to his departure." The resolution referred to the labours of the Bishop in the cause of religion and education, and also to his many charitable works. He had laboured in the cause of religion manfully. If they remembered the circumstances-if they would only look back and see the state of the diocese or district when the Bishop arrived, and compare it with its state at present, they would have some idea of what he had done in the cause of reli- gion. How many priests were there in th'e Northern District when Dr. Murray ar- rived ? He did not know the exact number, but he thought not more than half-a-dozen, perhaps not so many. At the present time he was not sure of the exact number-he believed there were 25 or 30 priests in the Diocese of Maitland. Now they knew that all these were introduced into the diocese from Ireland, and in order to bring them the Bishop had to make great sacrifices. Of course, coming here at the commencement of his ruling, his Lordship found great difficul- ties in his way : he had to find the means of bringing the priests, and also of sup- porting them. In a country of this description, in which the population was BO scattered, it was almost impos- sible for a priest to be supported as he should be. The Bishop had overcome this, and now they had as respectable a body of young clergy as any bishop in Australia pos- sessed. Then as to his labours in the cause of education. Again they had only to compare the state of the diocese, when the Bishop came, with its present state. Then there were many places without schools at all, and some of them were not conducted' as they should have been. The Bishop had to see to this. One of the first acts when he came was to introduce a number of Sisters of the Order of St. Dominic, who had done a great deal to raise the tone of education. Higher educa- tion could not be obtained in any other part of Australia. He believed a far higher educa- tion was imparted by these Sisters than could be obtained in any other part of the colony. That was one of the Bishop's works. Then as to his charitable works. All charitable institutions in the town, and some in other places, he had liberally contributed towards. His whole life had been one of charity. He had heard it remarked-" What a good man is Dr. Murray ; he is always giving ; you have only to ask him and he will give." Could that be said of any other man in the community. There was another point he wished to bring before them. He thought now was the most opportune and favourable time they ever had of show- ing in what estimation they held Dr. Murray. He had no wish to raise any poli- tical controversy. But they knew it was said on all sides that the Catholic Bishops and laity were not at one on the question of education. He thought complete proof had been given that the laity were in unity with the Bishops, on this great question. (Ap- plause.) He referred to the demonstration in Maitland in proof of this. (Applause.) Now was an opportune time of showing un mistakeably how much respected and esteemed their good Bishop was. The reso- lution also said an address and testimonial should be presented. The draft address which had been prepared was as follows : Address to the Riyht Rev. Dr. Murray, Lord Bishop of Maitland. My Lord,-We, your Lordship's loyal and affec- tionate children in Christ, on the eve ot your depar- ture and témpora, y absence from the diocese, over which you have ruled during the past fourteen years, desire to express our sympathy with you in your illness, and'our sincere regret that you are obliged to leave us for a time. Our earnest hope and prayer is that your Lordship will be soon restored to ÜB in perfect health and Btrengtb, so that you may be enabled by the grace and assistance of our good God to carry on the glorious work of »alvation to-which you have been called by the Holy Ghost. In recalling the years which have passed by since your Lordship's first arrwal in the diocese, we are forcibly impressed with one prominent feature of your mission amongst us. It seems to us, if your Lordship will permit us to Bay so, that the ctaiat work to which you have devoted your lile, has been the Christian education ot the young. We cannot forget the great personal sacrifices which you have made, in order that the little ones of your flock might be carefully trained in the fear and love ot God. Your first act, we may say, wes to introduce into your diocese those accomplished and devoted sisters of the Great Order of St, Dominic, whose suc- cessful labjurs in the cause of higher class education are BO well known and appreciated through- out the colony. In later year« the good Sisters of Mercy nrrived among us, and enabled your Lordship to extern the blessings of Catholic education of a high order to tho country districts. We have had theas'urnnce from your own lips ata memorable meeting recently held in the city of Maitland that it is your inteution to still further provide for the edu- cation of the rising generation, by the introduction of good, religious teachers, so that iour whole flock, if posai ale, may be tended, scattered though it may be throughout a vast diocese. We are deeply grateful (or till that your Lordship has so quietly and unostentatiously done for us, And especially do we take this opportunity of showinc our appreciation of the combined efforts of yourself ond the other Catholic bishops of the colony to secure for us equnlity with our fellow colonists in freedom of education. Although our constitutional rights, for the present, would Beem to be ignored, yet we have full confidence in the justice and goodwill of those who ore opposed to us that they will not suffer us long to remain under the yoke of whut we consider to be injustice and oppression. Wishing your lordship a speedy and prosperous voyage to Kome, the great centre of unity, and also to Ireland, the land of your birth, and a safe return to your devoted people, upon whom we invoke your special blessing, We are, my lord, your lordship's dutiful and affectionate children. [Signed on behalf of the Catholics of Maitland and surrounding districts. J Mr. H. J. MONAGHAN would say that there never was a time more opportune than that time, since he had been living in Maitland, when they, as Catholics, ought to show the feeling that animated them with respect to their Bishop. When they came to consider the state in which they were in Maitland when the Bishop came, and saw the energy with which he had worked for them, he would say that they could not find any man who had done so much for any part as Dr. Murray had done for the Northern Dis- trict. They would remember the time when there was only one priest to visit from New- castle to the far side of Armidale, and when they come to consider what had been done in such a short time, they would come to the conclusion that something almost superhuman had been accomplished. The whole district was now blessed with a Catholic feeling, which he never expected it would be, and it was simply due to the efforts of Dr. Murray. He had denied himself any ease or pleasure, that he might accomplish the work for them, and had wasted his health and strength for them. Ho hoped they would come forward and show their appreciation of the labours of such a prelate as Dr. Murray. He hoped it would not be said of them that they allowed their bishop to go away without showing that respect due to him, and enabling him to go as a Catholic Bishop and gentleman should go. No one had a greater respect for Dr. Murray than he had, and few better knew the exertions of Dr. Murray. Ile hoped the Catho- lics would come forward now and make the movement a success. What little they gave they would never be the worse of. If they looked at the wonders that had been done with the little means placed at his disposal, it would be an encouragement to them that similar things would be accomplished if they placed the means at his disposal. It was only by the little efforts that they had made that so much was accomplished. He knew that the Bishop had little money. He had spent it all in the diocese, and a person could not travel without money. It had been said -and truly said-that money was not sought by the Bishop ; but a person could not travel to Europe and back without money. Other denominations would come forward as well as Catholics, for Dr. Murray had earned the respect of all in the Northern District. Ile had heard a great deal said about different people, but he had never heard a derogatory word against Dr. Murray. He had carried out his views with firmness. They wanted men that would do so, as they would always be the more respected for doing so. Dr. Murray had done so, and without giving offence to others. If they lost him they might get a good man, but he did not believe they would get as good a man as he was. He again urged them to subscribe liberally as the purpose was a good one, and tbey would soon recover from any little difficulty they were put to. He seconded the resolution. The Rev FATHER ENGLISH referred to the feelings he experienced upon attending such a meeting as that. He referred to the sorrow they would feel on a dear friend leaving them, and how much more they felt when it was a dear and devoted Bishop, who had sacrificed His health for the good of his flock. He read in the countenances of all present the sympathy they had with the Bishop. He could say that the Bishop had no money. They might ask what had he done with it ? He had laid it out in the cause of religion. They were told that the district had been dotted over with churches and schools. The Bishop had spent the money in them. He pointed out their duty. They should not consider whether the time was opportune or inopportune. He knew their feeling and sympathy went heart and soul with the Bishop. (Applause.) They should look back to the past, when the greater part of the diocese was a howling wilderness in the spiritual sense of the word. He pointed out the thousands of souls that must have been lost during that time because there was no possibility of their receiving the holy sacraments. When Dr. Murray came there were men and women grown up who had never received their first sacrament, the result was that many lapsed into indifferentism or lost their faith alto- gether, and apostatised from the faith ; thus themselves and their children being lost to G-od. Compare that with the present posi- tion of the diocese. The next consideration was, who had done all this, and caused so great a change, and dotted the diocese over with churches, introduced priests, and established convents, and did the best he could to stem the torrent of infidelity that was spreading over the land. It was their good Bishop. They should therefore express their sympathy in some solid way by giving him the means to travel home. The rev. speaker described the last visit of Dr. Murray to his native county-the county of Wicklow, and the beauty and healthf ulness of its hills and dales, and was sure the breathing of the healthy atmosphere would result in his Lordship'ß re turn in health and strength. They owed a deep debt of gratitude to the Bishop; and though _ they were losing him, he trusted that it would only be for a short time, and that Almighty God would send him back with renewed strength and vigour to renew his work for the honour and glory of God, and the good of the diocese. The resolution was carried. Mr. J. G. EIGNEY moved the following resolution :-" That to carry out the fore- going resolution, a committee be appointed consisting of the following gentlemen, with power to add to its number, viz :-Messrs. Hyndes, Eigney, Ewens, Monaghan, George Maher, Thompson, M. Murray, John Moylan, P. Ward, J. Tierney, D. A. Garvan, Thomas Moylan, James Moylan, P. O'connell, P. J. Kerin, F. Lawn, J. Howe, F. Shawelhood, J. Enright, W. T. Moore, T. O'Brien, Jeremiah Maher, W. Bussell, J. J. Eiley, James Eyan, D. O'Halloran, E. W. Doyle, II. Bailey, James M'Loughlin, P. Bourke, P. O'Keeffe, Thus. Drinan, J. J. Drinan, W. Keys, W. Tierney, and M. Drinan; and that Mr. Hyndes bo requested to act as treasurer." He (the mover) trusted the committee would act in a manner pleasing to them, and that the treasurer would soon have a large fund to take care of. Since the Bishop had arrived, he had done move and shown more good will to others than any other person had done. "Who had so great a claim to publie recognition for his exertions in the cause of education and the training of the young in faith and knowledge. His claim was not only for that. They knew his arduous labours and sacrifices in the cause of religion. They could not forget the Bishop's kindness to the poor, and he hoped soon to see him return again to perform the sacred duties of his sacred office. The speaker gave Tennyson's description of nobility, and said they had a grand example of true no- bility in Dr. Murray. He urged them to fol- low his example as far as they could, and to show that the people of Maitland were grate- ful to him. Mr. GEO. MAHER seconded the motion. He would not inflict a long speech on them. He knew they sympathised with the Bishop, and was pleased at the large attendance. He urged them to show their sympathy now that the Bishop was laid prostrate. He urged them to give him assistance in his trouble, to enable him to go where he would regain his strength. Many who did not belong to the Catholics had a great love for Dr. Murray. He was loved as a Bishop and a gentleman, and he had never done anything to give offence to those outside his church. He referred to the time being inopportune, but urged on everyone to give something to show their respect for the Bishop, which would show him that he had left a faithful lot of people behind him to think of him. The resolution was carried. Mr. JAMES MCLOUGIILIN said the next reso- lution did not require him to say much to re- commend it. He expected it would act as an electric shock upon them, in making their hearts and purses fly open. It was-" That a subscription list be now opened." He need say nothing further, only express his sorrow that Dr. Murray was going home under the circumstances. Mr. JOHN ENRIGHT in seconding the motion, referred to the great works performed by the Bishop during the time he had been here in religion and education, and appealed to them all as Catholics and as Irishmen, and the sons and daughters of Irishmen, to enable him to go home as a Bishop should. Dr. Murray did not seek a testimonial. Ile pointed out that great generals, after performing noble deeds, did not seek recompense, but the people forced it on them. The Bishop had been per- forming deeds that no other Bishop had done. He was the first Bishop of the diocese of Maitland, and had performed great deeds for it. He again appealed to them to respond liberally, and expressed the hope of going to meet him on his return to settle down among them again. This resolution was also carried. The subscription list was then opened, and the meeting responded liberally. In a short time it was announced that about £150 was subscribed. On the motion of Mr. E. HYNDES, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman, which was briefly acknowledged, and the meeting terminated with cheers being given for Dr. Murray. 