QUEEN COPHETUA. Bx £. E. FBAHCILLON, CHAPTER XV. " In Matters Politio, better it is that we trust them that be over-bold than them that be over-wise . . . For the Complexion of Mars his Virtue, s&itli; in his Book Barodtut of Florens, is to guard with Heat and to be glad in bis Guarding: but of wise old Saturn it is to guard with more of Heed, but yet to be sadand sorrowful therein. Wherefore if thou take a Soldier for thine Heart-fellow, it maybe he will lodge tby Secrets on Caucasus his Peak', where none dare climb, albeit some may see them twinkle afar. But if thou take some clerkly Wight, then will he, by divers cunning Shifts and craftv Turnings, .bury them as DccdaXus his Man-Bull where none may see, yet shall Sir Theseus coming with his Clew find and gain the same. , . . For the Seeker of Men's Devices climbeth not Atlas after them. But the Maze twistetli not whereof thine Enemy, though he halt never so, gathereth not the Clew hard by." Gideon Skull had his share of human weak nesses, and he was far too honest a man to deny them. But Romance was not one of them. His home was not Hillswick, bat the world; so his rare visits to his nncle were most healthily free from those sentimental passages, in which the tumble-down church tower of the little country town in which he had played as a boy and done a great deal worse as a young man, might have been expected to take part more or less pro minently. Nevertheless, when he left bis fly in the George Yard, there was a sort of atmos phere about Hillswick which seemed half-new to him and yet half- old, as if he were remem bering something that had never happened. After all there must have been some scrap of heart somewhere about his very first flirtation; and something had happened within the last eight-and-forty hours to put a ghost of life into that long-forgotten atom. As he passed down the lane that led to the Rectory, he remembered how, in that very lane nearly five-and-twenty years sgo, his Uncle Christopher had caught him arm-in-arm with Sally Green, the carpen ter's daughter, and what a storm there bad been in Hillswick for a whole week after. To-night was just such a starry evening; and he won dered, as he half-smiled at the thought of that scene, what might or might not have happened if Uncle Christopher had not been quite so much Bbocked at the sight of a young man's first evening's walk with a girl, even though she was by no mean's pretty, and though her father was but a carpenter. Perhaps, he thought if be and she had been well laughed at instead of preached at and scolded, and made the town talk of, things might be rather different with him now, and decidedly better for her. But, after a moment, he shrugged his shoulders at himself, and went back upon the double track of Helen Rcid, almost within reach of one hand, and a good share of at least fifty thousand pounds within grasp of the other. He had not gone near enough to a reverie to prevent him from noticing even snch a common object of Hillswick as old Grimes. " Is Parson at home ?" he asked, as the Clerk and Sexton pulled his cap to him. " Yes, Mr. Skull," said old Grimes, whom experience and tact had taught never to be deaf with Gideon. "He'll be at home." " Any news ?" " None but a burying to-morow, Mr. Gideon, and a wedding next day but two." " How do you like the Yankee Squire ?" asked Gideon, in the bitter tone that never failed to come when he spoke of his old friend. " I suppose he's managed to come over you all pretty well by this time, eh ?" " Come over, is it, Mr. Gideon? Oh yes, that's it, if gone off's come over. I'm nigh seventy, and I never see nor hear tell of such a squire. I don't see him at all, for that matter. He's been up in 'Lun'on all tbe time he's been here. He's not pulled a bell-rope in this church ever since he's been away; and as for spending a penny in the place, he's not done it, Mr. Gideou. That's bad for trade, I say, though he can't stop the folk from marrying nor from burying. He may call himself Waldron, but it's plain Wal dron aren't Reid. Old Harry Reid, that I rang into the world and told out of it, was worth twenty of Squire Waldron." " Do you mean to tell me he doesn't live at Oopleston ? I came across the—him, up in town; but I never supposed he wasn't living here ... So that's what wanting Oople ston for the sake of the people means," thought Gideon. " Ah, I thought when he first came grubbing and anti-qniting and perigreeing up in the steeple, he warn't writing a county history. - I've halft a mind to write a county history myself out of the ratholes, to try and pick up a fortune too. There's lots more papers, if a man'ld only care to go through, and could pay me my fee—and I'd live in the place, and spend my money on it like a gentleman." Gideon wbb duly welcomed by his aunts as a rich and flourishing nephew who did credit to the family, and having relieved their minds of the terrors of hospitality by telling them that he should put up at the George as usual for the few days he intended to be in Hillswick, went to look for his uncle in the study. Gideon's arrival was always governed by the same forms, down to the same precise words about their having dined early, the larder being just un luckilv empty, and the spate bedroom being just in a state of full scour. The Ourate was always deep in accounts, which he kept with the regularity of clook-work, and with as much inaccuracy as regularity; so, as he had perpe tual arrears of tbe most complicated errors in shillings and half-pence to rectify, and was seldom seen but in the profoundest depths of long division and rule of three, no wonder he got the character of being on excellent man of business for a clergyman. Gideon had not seen his uncle for a consider able time, and thought he was looking either worried or unwell. His general air of being a sketch in outline had been increased by the addition of lines and the subtraction of such colour as he had to lose. " And six is three and fivepence halfpenny. Ah, Gideon! Fm very glad to see yon, indeed. You've seen your aunts, I suppose?" " Oh, yes! I'm taking a day or two's holiday, but I shall give no trouble; I'm at the George, 88 usual. Hillswick's looking much the same. One doesn't see much sign of the new state of things. Why, I expected to see the High street turned into another Broadway, and an Athenaeum^ and a new Ohurch, and an Opera House, under the Yankee rule—or a new town pump any way. I don't see a spark of enter prise; and the George- fly me decidedly hot new." " I am happy to tell yon, Gideon, that the exceedingly unpleasant and tmcourteons Ame rican person who broke my reading lamp and nearly fractured my skull chooses to be non- ! resident. It is very much for 'the best that it should be so. It reconciles me to your choice of an American." " Ah, yes; old Grimes, whom I met in the lane, told me he hasn't been taking much ad van tage of his spell of Oopleston. But, as you say, all the better for a warming pan. It's_ a most extraordinary story, and the more I think of it the more extraordinary it seems to be." "Yes," said Uncle Christopher, nervously; " it is very extraordinary—very strange. Mrs. Beid is a good, well-meaning woman, but I do not think she has been very considerate of me. It is true that she has considered my flock in the future, and that ought to be enough for me; and doubtless that is the first thing to be thought of, but it is not the only thing, Gideon. It is a heavy thing for a man at my age to be made responsible for responsibilities which— which are, in fact, heavy ones. I wish she had taken yon into her counsel instead of me." " Yes," said Gideon, " no doubt it would have been better. But she did not know me, yon see, and she did know you." "She relied upon my judgment; but—well, it will be a relief to me when everything is put straight again. Excuse me a moment, I must see about getting yon a glassof wine after your drive." " I'm hanged if I knew what to make of it at all!" thought Gideon, as he stood with his back to the empty fireplace in the usual attitude of concentrated meditation.' " That miserable old idiot, Uncle Christopher, has got something on his mind—bah! on his liver, I'll swear. I'd swear that, if it was only because he's gone to get me a glass of wine. When did he ever think of a glass of wine between meals in his life before? He wants the wine, and he wants an exense for it to the aunts, and the excuse iB Me. It can't be that he's got to keep secret that mad crotchet of Mother Beid—a secret of Iter's would have made him a happy man. I wonder if he murdered old Harry? By Jove! not a bad notion. What a sight it would be to see Uncle Christopher hanged! It's like enough he's taken to drink, and he looks as if he had a bad touch of the nerves; but he's not the sort of man to spend good money on bad drink for nothing. You are a murderer, Uncle Christo pher. You are a second Eugene Aram, scholar and murderer. Or, perhaps yon're a madman ? Ho; a man can't go out of his mind without a mind to go out of. So you must be a sane and a cold-blooded murderer. I'm beginning to get proud of you. I wonder what you'd take to dispose of the Yankee Squire, with young Alan to follow. Not much, I dare say. I wonder what you do the trick with." Gideon's thoughts ran on, too tired with the long journey and too slackened by the sudden plunge from the strain of London into the almost painful quiet of Hills wick for anything hat jesting in their own peculiar way. " Slow poison or a sudden blow ? You look most like a poisoner. I shouldn't wonder, if I opened that bureau, to see a few dozen of aqua tofana; or perhaps you invite | yonr victims to ciinner, and are clever enough to get them to take a second glasB of your wine. I must look out when that wine comes." His eyes rested idly on the bureau, and his hands took a hook from the table no less idly. " I wonder what you're mixing with the wine that yon're so long, or if yon're only making it on the premises or tryiDg to persuade Aunt Sarah to part with the cellar key ? A law-book ? Well, I never saw a law-book here before, any more tban I ever saw wine between meals—or wine at any time, for that matter. Now what can you have been spending money on law-books for—or borrowing them ? • Pleading and Evi dence in Criminal Cases,' eh? And with a marker in it, too; Btuck in at ' Poison,' I sap pose. Ab, I'm 021 your traces now, Uncle Christopher. This ought to be worth ten pounds a year to me—' Whosoever shall, either during the life of the Testator or after his Death, steal, or for any fraudulent purpose destroy, cancel, obliterate, or conceal any Will——' By Jupiter Amnion!" cried Gideon alond, as he slammed back the book on the table, " I've got it now!" He thought on, without any more jesting, until his nncle returned with the wine. " By the way," he said, "talking of what you were saying, I've seen the Eeids in town. Do jou ever hear from them—from Mrs. Beid ?" " Not often. I hear from Mrs. Beid now and then. I hope they are well." " Then, if you've not heard lately, I suppose you don't know that yonng Beid has taken a pkee on a newspaper and gone to Versailles?" " It is all very extraordinary, Gideon." " It's more than that, Uncle Christopher. I hope you and the old lady know very well what you're both abont, and have got lawyer's advice abont the matter. I shouldn't like to be in yonr shoes if young Beid gets a stray bullet in him. There was a war correspondent killed only the other day. ... Look here, Uncle Christopher, I've been thinking a good deal about the Beids since I met them, and I natu rally take an interest in my own relations. I'm not a lawyer, but I'm a business man, and to know business is much the same as to know law. Yon mustn't let a mad woman like Mrs. Beid lead you by the nose. I wish" " She would not think of such a thing. I have never been led by the nose since I was born. I have always been remarkable for an exceptional degree of moral resolution." "I beg yonr pardon, Uncle Christopher. Of course I know that a man like yon would never allow himselfjto be led by the nose. Bnt, I was going to say, I wish you'd let me see the will. That's all." " Tbe—what, Gideon ?" " Old Harry Beid's will. You needn't look so scared, Uncle Christopher. I'm not likely to get my own uncle sent to gaol. I only want to see that everything will be safe for yon if any thing happens to yonng Beid. Of course the mother will be safe from everything but a lunatic asylnm, if the story of Oopleston ever comes to be known." " You've seen the Beids ? Mrs. Beid has been coDsnlting yon ?" Gideon thought for a moment whether it might not be advisable to claim Mrs. Beid's authority for his information and for his right to advise. Bnt his natural honesty prevailed. " No, Uncle Ohristopher. She has said nothing to me. But in business we learn a knack of patting thingB together, that's all. Concealing wills is felony, you know; and a mad woman's sure to be cunning enough' to manage so as to throw the responsibility en yon. Young Beid might he merciful to his mother's infirmities, but I don't think you'd ever be able to make him understand that a clergyman, resolute and clear sighted like you, who kept him out of his rights for the best seven years of his life, ought to be easily forgiven. I know what I should feel, or any man." " Gideon," said his uncle eagerly, " yon are wrong—quite wrong. I've examined the statute over and over again, and made all the enquiries I could, and it is clear, quite clear, that in a case like this, where there is no fraudulent intent—those are the very werds," he went on, opening his law-book nervously and handing it to his nephew, "there is no crime: 'Forany fraudulent purpose,' those are the words, you see. You can't call it a fraudulent purpose to help a woman to—to—carry out the best inten tions. I've gone,'through it over and| over •gain." r:i " Yes—I tee the words—'Penal servitude'— •Not less than three years'—' fraudulent pur pose'—• presumed.' £ wish I was a lawyer.' But if you think the law will acquit you on the ground that somebody else meant well, I feel pretty sure you're wrong." "But my own intentions are good too, Gideon —they are excellent intentions. In under taking this responsibility, most unwillingly, but unavoidably"-:— "Uncle Christopher. You will never make this evil-thinking and scandalous world believe that an elderly clergyman, of exceedingly small private means, concealed a will merely because somebody told him to do so, and without a view to bis own advantage in some way. You may get the Attorney-General to argue it for you for ten years, and you won't change the nature of, the world. You know so much of the other world, Uncle Christopher—there's a common notion about what use they make of good inten tions there. Any way, in this world, they pave a good many gaols with them." "You—you think— that ?" faltered aUncIe Christopher, gulping down the rest of the wine. " Well—I can't mince matters—I do. But I can't be sure without seeing the wilh I hope it's safe, wherever it may be. Those things have a knack of turning up where they're least ex pected, you know. And if young Beid, who's no fool, ever gets a hint from his mother—who is, and a woman into the bargain—well, there'll be the devil to pay. Of course it leaves every thing to him, and something to Helen—Miss Beid. Old Harry would have only one idea of will- making. I don't suppose he's made me a legatee—I don't suppose you've been defraud ingyourown flesh and blood,Uncle Christopher. "Who are the executors P" " Mrs. Beid and I" ™ " The devil you are! I beg your pardon, but it's enough to make the nephew of an angel swear. Well, it's too late for anything now but to keep you safe, and to manage that the will, when it's wanted, shall be by the merest chance in the world—where is it, this will ?" " I have pledged my solemn word, Gideon" "Come, uncle—be a man, I declare its mon strous, the way in which Mrs. Beid has been treating you. Upon my soul, I shouldn't wonder if you'd got it put away in that very bureau. You've kept whatever promise she got you to make only too well—it is not your fault that a man of the commonest common sense has been able to see through a pane of glass—for it's been nothing more. What's the good of keeping a secret in a box with a glass lid, I'm hanged if I can see. Alan Beid isn't your nephew, you know. Any way, I supposed you never promised not to tell the terms. I don't like to see a man like you the slave of any woman, Uncle Christopher." What man, unless be be the strongest in a thousand, can bear to be told that he is a woman's slave? Gideon nearly succeeded in striking a spark of anger out of Uncle Christo pher. " Slave—eh ? What's that P Slave ? Ah, I suppose because you think I give way to your aunts for the sake of peace and quietness, I could'nt take my own way if I pleased P They are aware of it, too. They know if I really wanted to do a thing, I'd do it—only you see those great occasions very seldom occur, and whenever they don't, why sheuld a man throw away his superior strength in trivial contentions about such domestic matters as—as—the cellar key? If Mrs. Beid thinks she can order me about, and make me liable for her consequences, then I say she is taking a most unwarrantable liberty, which I, for one, will not allow." " Ah, that's speaking like a man now. Let me 6ee—nobody's so young as to count on living out the next seven years, or the next six years even. It would be a pretty affair if Alan Beid were to die without a will from not knowing that he had anything to leave. Who'd get Copleston then? If he died unmarried, I mean ?" Uncle Christopher nearly choked himself with another gulp of wine, as a protest against the accusation of being a victim to petticoat tyranny. He seemed growing reckless in his old age, and it must have been an intense relief to him to unburden himself of one more frag ment of the secret to which the bare letter of his loyalty to his hopes of the living did not bind him. " Miss Beid. Most unquestionably Miss Beid. She would be his heir-at-law." " By Jupiter Ammon, Uncle Christopher, I wouldn't be in your best boots for ten thousand pounds if you ever get into hot water with Miss Helen. That young woman's got devil enough in her for ten; and she as sharp as a million needles. Why, if there's a secret within a hun dred miles of her she'll work it out—I'm saying what she has done. And if there's anything to be got by it, she'll do it again. She's hard on the track as it is; and though she might spare her own mother, I'll eat my own worst boots if shell spare you. She's not a girl of the Beid pattern, I can tell yon. I hope you don't keep that will on the premises, Uncle Christopher. If you do, she'll ferret it out, as sure as you're a living man. How if I had it, I could keep it in my own office safe, which is just the last place anybody would look for It in." "Eh? You?" Gideon somehow felt that his offer had been, made the slightest shade of a degree too soon, and that he had, by the same amount; overrated his uncle's confidence in him. It does not answer to treat any man as if he were wholly imbecile. His uncle could not and did not suspect him; but this sudden generous offer to take the chances of all sorts of trouble upon his shoulders did not seem quite charac teristic of Gideon. He Lad just enough ear for harmony of character to feel that a false note had jarred him, though he had not enough to tell how or why. "You? I am much obliged to you, Gideon. But it is quite safe in the Bank here. Hobody will look for it there." " Perhaps not—perhaps not, uncle," said Gideon, more vexed that the will was not in the house than that his offer had been refused. "Banks ore safe—unless they happen to smash, or get broken into, or burn; or unless Miss Helen finds out where it is from her mother, and comes down to Copleston and facinates the Bank Manager. Or unless—but, well, none of these things may happen in the next seven years. I wouldn't choose a county bank for a hiding-hole myself—but then, of course, your experience is greater than mine . . . you old idiot!" thought Gideon. " But, well— things are found when one knows where they are." 