TEr.EQiiAits froji the Age. Itussf a. — Itussui manifests cxtromely conciliatory spirit towards the various powers, and oxprosses a desire to cooperate, in tho maintenance of tho European concorfc The Czar's Government repudiates any ulterior designs in connection with Turkey, and is anxious to assist in bringing about a. satisfactory sottlemont of tho unfulfilled! conditions of tho Berlin treaty. t it n Lz.vit. — ilio t zar, who, since Ills' marriage with tho Princess Dolgorouki, had! been residing at Livadi, in tho Crimea, has returned to St. Petersburg, and resumed the aclivo duties of Umporoiv 'Jiiiilitisit Land Lkaoukus. — An ap plication has been made to tho Court of Queen's Bench in Dublin for a postpone ment of the trial of Mr Parnell and other members ot Parliament, charged with con spiracy and intimidation in Ireland. Tho principal ground relied upon by the counsel , lor tho traversers was that tho arraiigonicnts made by tho Government for tho trial of tho trial of tho accused were unconstitutional, because designed to prevent them from attending at tluir seats iu tho llouso of Commons. Tho court declined to grant tho application. 1 JtiHiATiD. — Tho anti-rent agitation is ox fending iu Ireland, anil agrarian outrages coiil iniio, iiol withstanding tho augmentation made in iho police uiidimilitary forces in tlio country. Tho country of Leitrim, in the province of CoiinaughtJ has been proclaimed a disturbed district ? I'liblic meetings have been organised iu London aud elsowhoro for tlio purpose of expressing sympathy with Mr i'aruoll and tlioao associated with him in tho prosecution for connpiracy, and also to denounce lbo action taken by the Govern ment in tlealing with tho disturbed con dition of Ireland. The camels lost by the Burlio and Wills search party, or their progeny, liavo at vari ous times put in an appearance in this locality, (Wilcannia) hut 110 one apparently has cared to umlerl.nko tho capture and subjection of such awkward-looking (bough useful quadru peds. An Afghan with an unspellable name, but who is well known in Wilennnia, has, however, recently purchased tho l ight lo them, and has run in two — an old nnd a young one. Two others that be tried to ' corral' came to an untimely end : one lay down and died on being raptured after a long .chase, and another while being pursued ran against a fence and suffered serious injury. It is to be hoped that the; enterprising speculator will be more fortnnnio with the remainder of his purchase. — Western Grazier. Onis of the deputy-returning officers at. the late Yass election was neatly deprived of his vote. 13e was known lo be adverse to the late member, and at 8 o'clock on the morn ing of the day for taking the poll lookup his position at tlio side of the lable, with the ballot-box iu front of liini. His copy of the Electoral Act, of the electoral roll, and bis other official papers were duly arranged, and then his pile of ballol-papers wero displayed. Having adjusted his spectacles, he, in the presence of bis poll-clerk and the scrutineers, lifted ono of the ballot- papers, remarking that liis own would be tlio first vote that day. The printed paper was carefully pressed out, and with due solemnity a pencil was used to draw a mathematically-straight line through tho words '? Michael Fitzpatrick, Esquire.' This done, the important document was neatly folded up and deposited in tho box. Up to four o'clock tho voting slowly went on, there not having been seventy votes al together recorded, when the doors were closed and the scrutiny commenced. It was then discovered, much to the deputy's chagrin, that his own ballot-paper was tho only infor ^ lual document in lbo box. lie had forgotten to initial the paper, and it was therefore out of tho count. An old Scotchman attributes tho disap pearance of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom of tea-drinking. at social meetings. It requires Scotch whisky on the top of old alo to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking about. Hardening Small Tools. — It is said that tho engravers and watchmakers of Ger many harden their tools iu sealing-wax. The tool is heated to whiteness, and plunged re peatedly into the wax until it will no longer pierce tho latter. The steel becomes in the proccss almost as hard as diamond, and when touched with a little oil or turpentine, the tools are excellent for engraving, and also for for piercing tho hardest metals. At the Supremo Court, Sydney, on Mon day last, Mr George Napier Turner,, of the Condobolin station, brought, an action against one William L'Estrange, a selector, for trespass. It appeared that the plaintiff had a flock of about S000 sheep in a paddock of about 15,000 acres. The defendant went through the form of taking up a selection, brought 2500 sheep, which wore shepherded in that paddock, and also about twelve horses, some cows and a bull. The inevitable effect was that the plaintiff's sheep were hurried about, greatly deteriorntad in their wool, and also in tiieir lambing. Tlio jury found a ver dict for plaintiff, with damages £125, ^ Dkatii of Mr W. S. Lvstrr. — Mr W. 1 Saurin Lystor died at half-past 12 o'clock on Monday. The following biographical .sketch is from Heato'ns ' Men of the Time.' ? 'Lystcr, William Saurin, son of Captain Charworth Lystcr, was born in Dublin in 1827\. His first appearance in Australia was in 1842, fcutho remained only a few months, and returned to England. He next visited India and tho Cape of Good Hope, and landed in America in 1819. lie obtained an engagement in Boston, and acted in the legitimate drama wilh fair success, but being more attached to music, be gathered around him an operatic company, and camo to the colonies, where ho achieved »reat suc cess. This company having been ' dis banded in 1SG9, be in 1871 opened the Princess Theatre with a new company, and after visiting Sydney nnd New Zealand, returned to Melbourne in March, 1873. In 1874 he engaged Madame Arabella Goddard, who was then on a visit to the colony. He does not confine himself entirely to the operatic stage, but has a model farm at Fern Tree Gully, near Melbourne. Victoria. Mr Lyster visited Europe in 187S in order to combine tho pursuit of health with business purposes, and returned in March, 1879, bring ing with him a new opera company for lbo amusement of Australian colonists:' Noticeable. — 'that tho boy who is most afraid of the girls is tlio first to be coralled in matrimony, '1 bat they soon change never to go back to fbeir early love. That tho little girls love i!io girls best. That they don't get over their preference so soon as the boys do, some of them never. That women love tho men because they love everything they havo to lake care of. That men love women because they can't help it. That the wife loves her husband so well that she has no thoughts for other men. That the husband so loves his wife that ho lovos all women for hor sake. That girls who have given over all hopes of matrimony, or who never had any, lovo to llirt with married moil. That tlio married man is apt to think himself all- killing among the fair sex, simply because ho has found ono woman fool enough to marry him. That homley husbands are the best ; th'ey never forgot tho compliment paid them by tlioir wives in accepting them. That homely wives are tho truest ; they know bow to make tho most of what they 'have. That tbojwoman who marries does well. That the woman who does not marry does better, nine times out of ten.— Boston Transcript. Charge of Kjibezz lhmekt. — Job n Wiso wan ? Dargin, described as a bank manager, was orougnu up cnargeu witli tlio embe/.zlo mon of £4000 tho property of the Citv LSnulc Corporation. Deteclivo Wigg stated that ho arrested prisoner. On tlio way to the station, tho accused said bo had no defoneo to offer, and that it was useless for him lo got bail, and that ltio had beon oxpecting to he arrested for a long while. In reply to a question by tho defective, ho Baid the amount for which he was charged waB about £4000, but that ho bad securities which would reduce it to about }c500. Tho magistrates granted a remand until Friday next. Bail not allowed. — Everkng jVeius, 1 ? I Tim ' j.io'd ii inq Jackass and tub Snakrb. \--It has long boon a matter of popular be lief that the great Kingfishor was an enemy to tho snake, perpetually warring against the tribe iu general, and never happier than when dining upon serpont au natural. It is not olten, however, that even persons habitually residing in the bush have so good an oppor tunity as that afforded a few days since to Mr Christian westendorff, of Jindera, for obser ving tho laughing jackass when in the act of hanging the game referred to. MrWosten dorll was engaged with another man in clear ing .some land, nnd in the course cf the day's operations it becatno necessary to shift a large log. For this purpose levers were applied to each end, and after some htrniiiing tho log was rolled from its roating place. Tho very moment it commenced to movo a laughing jackass, which had hitherto boi-n taking a deep but unobtrusive interest in tho proceed ings, made a swoop down from tho limb of an adjacent tree, and seized a large snake which had been lying under tho log. The snake was gripped by the back of the nock (if snakes can be said to have necks) and borne away to the bird's previous perch, where tho unfortunate reptile was banged against the bough until the body separated from the head, and the jackass seizing ilie body sailed away in trimnpb wilh bis prize. Whether the bird had setm the snake go under the log and was watching lor it t o come forth again, or whether it knew 1)}' instinct lliitt tho reptile was there, is a question that may bo left for naturalists to determine; but wo are credibly informed 'that as soon as the log was shifted, aud before Mr Weslondorfl or his companion lmtl any idea of a snake being in their neighbourhood, the jackass was down and bad made good his seizure. — Albury Banner. Tub Land Tax Bill. — Mr Service made a long speech, and suggested there should be a still lower class than is provided for by the Bill. Mr Woods moved an amendment in lavour ot the adoption of the capital value of land as a basis of taxation and not the graz ing capacity of land. The Opposition ad vocated Mr AVoods' first proposition, and the Government opposed it. A good doal of time was occupied in discussion. Points of order was raised on tho amendment. Finally ' Mr Woods' amendment was negatived by 35 to 2G. The Bill was then passed. A Mrs Charlotte Browne became insolvent owing to losing in an omnibus £429, the amount of policy on her late luibband's life. 1 Tiik Totalisator Committee in the Upper House havo finished taking evidence. The I majority of witnesses aro in favour of giving it a fair trial. 