MISCISLLANEOU39 Aiverluemcnli to secure insertion in 2V Baali on the day on which they are tent thould ie to hand not later than, OB3 o'clock. Mr Stanford, the well-known enterprising sewing machine agent of Bourke etreet, has retired from tbe business heretofore carried on by him, which in future wili be conducted by the Singer Manufacturing Company. Wehave received from Mr M. L. Hutohin- eon the Fenny Testament, of whioh it is said 400,000 have boen sold by the publisher, Mr M. L. Hutohinson, ' of Collins street west, has some exoellent specimens of beauti fully printed, splendidly illustrated, and hand somely bound books, suitable for ChristmaB and New Year's presents. They are counter parts of works shown in the Exhibition by Messrs Partridge and Oa. Those sent to ns are Our P/cturo Brok, profusely illustrated and elegantly bound ; Our Four-footed Friends, by May Honitt, well illustrated and neatly bound ; and Song and Hymns, well printed and nicely bound. A complimentary banquet to Dr Madden is to be given in the Town Hall, Sandiridge, this evening, We have received from Mr J. W. Lindt, of Collins street, two excellent photographs of the Sorata as she lies in the dock at Williams- town. The Rev. J. J. Westwood lectures on the Great Pyramid at the Protestant Hall, this evening. Judge Church left a large fortune. Generally we find a church in debt. The man who was hemmed in by a orowd has been troubled with a stitch in his side lever since. I'm do physician, but I've heard that iron in the blood is good," said Maobotb, as be jabbed his dagger into King Duncan. In coocluding an urtiole on the last oarn orop an Alabama editor remarked:—" We have on exhibition in our sanctum a magnificent pair of enre." Lover used to tell with infinite drollery th following story of Mr M'Glashan, bis Dublin publisher, who was a Scotchman. At a oer- tain dinner, fearing to be made "foil" by the wild IriBh authors and saribblors, be left the table, having taken bis fair shnro of wine, to join tho ladies in the drawing-room, After a while the company heard unearthly noises in tbe pantry, just behind the dining-room. They listoned and they wondered. What could it be ? Were there really ghosts in the house, as had been whispered in its anaient traditions ? But, summoning courage, tbey went en masse, and found that worthy M'Glashan had, under tbe Impression that ho was going up-stairs to the ladies, ascended ebi'lf after sholf of the pantry, and was at that moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at tho otiling nud side-walls, and expressing tho utmost surprise that he could not "get up stairs, " When the census-taker, wishing to compli ment, said to a citizen, " Ab, sir, yon'vo a wife of a hundred !" the lady grabbed a rolling- pin and sailed in on him saying, " You villain, I told you I was only 25. Don't yon dare put me down as 100 1" . An ill-mannered set of philosophers ars trying to laugh at a poor Congressman because in n heated debato he said the other day ha re gretted that he had not "the power of Moses to command tbe bud and moon to stand still." A geutlemnn called professionally on a pro minent physican and complained of a total loss of appetite. " I'll just give you a littlo tonic to takebeforediunor," said tbo doctor. "Oh, I'm all right just beforo dinner, It's after . dinner that I suffer so ruunh." A young Darwinian, — Jack (to his married sister) : " Hi ! Polly ! I Look ! ! ! Hero's your baby trying to walk on its hind legs ! ! ! !" Somebody has discovered that oats oan't live at a greater elevation than 13,000 feet; therefore back Bhods should be built 13,500 feet high. Professor— "Can any one hell us tho origin of the expression ' Go to'?" Embryo Minister — " Perhaps there was something more to it ooc, and thoy lef t off because it didn't sound well." A controversy is going on in the German papers as to tho origin of tha word "salaman der " amongst the Aondemioal youth. A Sala mander is a substitute for the touohlng and clinking of glasses at a drinking bout. In tha year 1831 the Heidelberg students determined to abolish the nil Gorman custom at their own extraordinary solemnities, and to substitute in its place a new drinking ritual of their own, At thn word of command orery man stands up, and instead of striking his glass against the rim of the glass of o»oh of his follows, ho shouts out witli nil Ms might the apparently meaningless word, "Salamander ?" Ous philo- 1- gioal critic has discovered tbst thor was never nuy mystery in the word, but that it was simply a corruption of tbi command " Drink all together" (Sauft alia mit eiuunder !) Another asserts that tho word wa i derived from n Hobraw- Grcek combination. .Schalomnndri (Hail to the man !) ; while > third contonds that it originated' with a stu dent who wished to introduca the iMrsnni Suli.inancler into aeadomieal solemnities, I nppeais, however that a fourth theory traoa beck Its origin to our own language. Th American officers under Washington, wo or informed, need to sot tire to the rntn in thai - glioses, and drink It down whilst it was burn ing, Thoy called this peculiar exercise, "Mak ing a Bnlamnnder." Ws plaoo no groat faith fn .any of those hypothetical derivations. Cus toms arise often from some fresk of tbe mo ment, and this Is particalarly likely to be the anso with a convival custom suah as tbe oxor- oittum salamandri.- -American Paper, 