SUPPOSED CAPTURE. OF .BYRNE THE BUSHRANGER. There wns no small sensation among our . towns people on Tuesday morning (wriles the Gumliigai Times ) when it got bruited tiboni that Ned Kelly had been seen nt lire 'Royal Hotel the evening liafure, ami that the police bad captured Byrne, one of the gang, and iwid him securely ironed iu lire Tumid loci:-np. People, when they first heard lire new?, t looted tire affair n;> a. jest, luumifactmcd by some inventive genius for Hie amuseiireut of his fellow?; bat the sequel proved Unit there was a measure of Indb, though perhaps some would say only n slight one, iu lite story, uud il cer tainly proved no joke, as far .as one. individual was concerned. A " coloured gcnolmnii," who rejoices in the name of Edward M. Kelly, cunio into town on Monday last. lie. is a smart American darkey. Willi him Wan an aged Celestial called "Color, and a third .man named Joseph Tuck. The latter had a foolish linbil. of yarning about lire Kcllys. He professed to be on most inLimate terms with thorn, and had seen somo of the gang quite recently. Months ngo Ire con fidentially imparted this information to Constable Hawkins . stationed here. 'Tuck, with his mates, is gold digging at Broken Cart Greek, nnd tlrey only name lo town at intervals. Tire. -police hero de lected a wonderful resemblance iu Tuck lo tho outlaw Byrne, and anyone who knows Tuck and has studied lire outlaw's description must eomo to the same conclusion as the police— viz,, that twin brothers could not be morel alike. Then it came to tlic cars of tiie police that Alfred Collins, whosa smithy is opposite tho barracks,- had known tire Kelly mob in Victoria, nnd Sergeant Zoellner con ferred willi Collins on the matter, and desired him lo go io the Royal, and see if nrnojig the men there lie could detect ltyrnc. Little did the unsuspect ing Tuck dream of tlic web that wns weaving nroiiml liiin. ire divulged important secrets to Constable Hawkins, and was most desirous to stand treat for one whom ho deemed a capital fellow. Collins came upon Hie scene, and was perfectly satisfied with only a back view of tire mnn ho sought — iu fact, so sine was lie of tlio outlaw's identity Hint Ire said lie felt quite startled, and quickly returning to tire sergeant and coif- stablcs waiting without, he said — " Well, if Ire is not Byrne, then it must Ire his ghost." Tuck was -accordingly charged and arrested. On 'Tuesday morning he was brought up and . rcmniidcd. On Wednesday lie iigain bad a hearing, nnd then, as will bo seen by lire appended report of lire ense, was discharged. Quite u crowd mustered to get a look at tire man Tuck as he left the court. I may add that -Tuck stated lie was known to Mr. Grundy, wheelwright in Waggn, nnd lie further said lie was a native of M'lvor - in Victoria. Upon the .police, inquiring of Mr. Grundy, that gentleman slated that lie knew a young man named Joseph Tuck, of. a very fair complexion, who ennre from M'lvor, iu Victoria, so far corroborating Tuck's statement. The following is what look place before the Police Magistrate : — Joseph Tuck was brought before the Court, on remand, charged on. suspicion with being Joseph Byrne, one of tho Kelly gaug; charged with lire murder of Sergeant Kennedy and Constables Sean- Ion and Lonorgan at Mansfield, in Victoria, on tlio 2(ith October, 187S. August.Zoellirer, sergeant of police, deposed tlmt, in company with first-class -Constable' M'Arlhur and Constable Hawkins, lie arrested tire prisoner, Joseph Tuck, on suspicion of being tire outlaw Joseph Byrne, at 1 L p.m. on Monday, tire 7tU in stant. He explained the charge, to the prisoner, who said nothing in reference to it. Prisoner «aid lie eaure lo Victoria nlmul bust November by him self ; said lie knew nothing of the notorious Kelly gang, save what lie read in the papers. Prisoner declined to nsk any 'questions, nnd said Hie sergcknl's evidence was right. Alfred Henry Collins, blacksmith, slated that befurc coining to Tiimiit lie was living in Wnnga- ralta, iu Victoria. Was livingthero two years ngo, in 1878. Ho know Edward Kelly anil Hart, niul liad seen Byrne. Had been within six or seven yards of him in the day-time. Witness went to Eraser's Hotel on Monday night last, and saw pri soner there. At first got a back view of him, and thought- lie was Byrne the outlaw, He resembles him a great deal. Witness then had a conversa tion with prisoner. He said he knew the Kcllys, aud described them, aud also Hart, hut said nothing of Byrne. Prisoner was speaking of a place called tire Sawmills, below AVaiigarattn, aud said Edward Kelly broke' out after he left the Sawmills. Wit ness knew the place mentioned. Witness said again that prisoner resembled Byrne, but on look ing nt his eyes lie would rather swear ho was not Byrne Hum that lie was. To the prisoner : You told me you knew the Kelly s. Prisoner wns discharged. 