' MISCELLANEA. The annual grand ball in aid of the Sick Children's Hospital will take place in the old Sohool of Arts on Wednesday next. Members of the Queensland Bifle Associa tion are reminded that subscriptions are now due. Sweeps on the Metropolitan' and Melbourne Cup are advertised in our business columns. Puntmen are cautioned against removing sand from the banks between the upper Flats and Parker'Ialand. The Muniqipal Council meet on Monday, when several petitions will be received; the Finance and Improvement committees' reports considered, and one notice of motion dealt with. The erection of a primary school building is to form the subject of a meeting of the resi dents of Bowen Terrace next Monday, in the school-honse, Kent-street. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Convalescent and Benevolent Home takes place in the Diocesan Council Chambers next Tuesday. The House Surgeon of the Brisbane Hospital desires to acknowledge receipt of a large quan tity of wearing apparel from Mrs. E J. Stevens, a dray load of pumpkins from Mrs. Hubbard, and 18 yards silk dress piece from an anony mous donor, for the benefit of the inmates of the institution. The Freethought Association -will meet in the Town Hall to-morrow evening at 7. Mr. W. H. MiBkin will leoture next Monday evening in the Presbyterian College and Divinity Hall, on thesubjeotof ' Entomology.' A dramatic and musioal entertainment will take place on Monday next in connection with Star of Peace Lodge No. 3, 1.O.G.T. Indestructible VracANiTE SiAsirs. — An advertisement in another column calls attention to Messrs. Gardiner and Cool's vulcanite rubber stamps. Among the vast number of rubber stamp manufacturers, good, bad, aiid indifferent, whoso productions have come under our notice Messrs. Gardiner and Cool, of George- streotj Sydney, are far and away the best in every respect.- They are the neatest and moet artistic in design an 1 finish, and will stand incessant wear for years without visible deterioration. Some of the specimens submitted to us of Email type letter-press and facsimilies ot autographs are nearly as sharp and clear aB copperplate engraving. Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co., of Queen-street, are the Brisbane agents. ' Bohesuan,' in Tht Week, writeB : — Those who have no practical experience of the cares and responsibilities of office are apt to think that a Colonial Secretary has a nice roBy billet. He toils not neither does he spin. He has no public works or mines to bother him ; no Crown lands, no post nor telegraph worries'; no Treasury accounts to make balance when they won't, nhd no customs duties or excise to think over after he gets to bed— in- stead of going to sleep. But ho has somotmnj; a great deal worse than all these put together he haB the Bteamer Kate ! I am assured, on very good authority, that the present Colonial Secretary has been heard to declare in bitter ness of heart, that the steamer Kate will bring down his grey hairs with sorrow to the_ grave, yet; unless he tears off tho grey hair with rage and vexation before he give up the ghost. Every body in and around Brisbane, who is anybody, is always wanting to borrow the Kate for it trip somewhere for something. Xt is not so bad in the Bummer, but in the winter, while sohnapper fishing is about, it is simply awful. If the Colonial Secretary happens to go down the street during tho winter months he has to keep, a sharp lookout on both tides to avoid being pounced upon for the loan of the Kate ; if he atays in his office he is besieged by deputa tions with the same object; if ho stays at home he is routed out of Mb lair, and poked up for the loan of the Kate. There is a legend to tho effect that during the height of the sohnapper season he has been oalled up from his bod in the middle of a cold frosty night by a deputation of ontmuiaBtie fisherman who wanted to make up a schnapper party. For my own part, I believe this latter is an exagger ation. There aro limits t'j human endurance, and, in my humble opinion, any person or persons who called up Mr. Palmer from his warm bed on a cold frosty night to prefer such a request as that, would simply have been brained on tho spot. Be that as it may, howevor, it is on rjcord that last week he was called ont from a Cabinet Council, then sitting, to meet a deputation who wantejl tbe loan of the Kate, not ibr a sohnapper party this time, but for a pio-nib to the bay. Ho carao out smiling and bland— as usual— nnd tho gentleman at the head of the deputation proceeded to introduce the subject iu a gentlo and insinuating manner, but theinornont the words 'loan of the steamer Kate' orcissed his lips a sudden change waa observed ih the countenance of the Colonial Secretary. ' He drew iu a long breath, and then gave vent to his feelings in tbe exclamation— ' You can't have tho sanguinolent boat ' — and turning on hia heel wont buck to the cabinet counoil without waiting to bo thanked for the courtesy with which ho had received the de. putatibn'.-f-withoiit waiting indeed to know anything rnoro about their business. It is suid lhat an executive minute haB since been paBSed to the effect that nobody is to have the Kate for Bohnappering, exoept the ministry, thoir friends and political supporters in Par. liament, or tbe subordinate bonds of depart-. ments in tho Civil Service — and then only for fishing on Sundays. Vienica and trips to the bay in this veasol are not to be allowed on any pretence whatever. If this minuto does not have the desired effect, Captain I'ugo is to take , tho Kate out to tho Flat Rock — and scuttle her. It will never do to worry the life out; of a Colo, nial Seorotary over a paltry s'eamer, if the thing can bo avoided in any way. :' TuioiiBiT got intorviowed a la mode Ameri \Caine by a nowspapor reporter at Adelaide the i other day. Tho renowned Edward impressed upon that reporter that ho was a very ab stemious individual, clinching hia statement with the remark thnt ho would at any time aB soon take a doso of medicine as a giaes of spirits. That, or somothing liko it, is what a [{oo& many people say who nevertheless put away a tidy amount of strong drink during the twelvemonth. They don't like tho liquor, and inly take it medicinally. Suiroy Gamp used io take hera to cute the 6paamB, — ' Town Talk,' 