THE TOWN HALL. Bishop Moorhouse preached in tho after noon at a service of evensong, held in the Town Hall, at which about 3000 persons at tended. The admission was by ticket, and, as there was a large staff of ushers employed, the seating of the congregation was conducted without the slightest hitch. The united choirs of St. John's, Melbourne, and All Saints', St. Kilda, rendered the choral portion of the service, and the lessons were read by the Rev. E. C. Spicer. The Bishop chose a9 bis text a portion of the 40th verse of St. Matthew xxv.: "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, mybrethrcn,yebavcdoneituntoMe." The life of Christ, he said, had furnished the races of man kind, and especially those in Europe, with the germs of many great and truthful ideas. For in stance, in bygone nations labor was considered as being ignominious, because it was universally carried on by slaves. So much was this so that it became the endeavor of the degraded' mobs, of Rome to become free men, in order that they might not have to work. Christ, however, had imparted a dignity to toil, and broken for ever the bond between labor and infamy. So was it also with the strong relations, which Josus bore to men individually. Ho came into this world and constituted a new Immunity, not merely established- a spiritual corporation with especial privileges. . The slave entered that new corporation of man, and so obtaincdinCbrist that which was much more valuable than anythiug the world could give ; because Heaven was freater than life. The slave was the brother of esus ; nay, more, he was the representative of his Lord. The principle, then, that he who helped one of the Lord's people helped the Lord had a universal application, and whenever men needed assistance and sympathy tlieChrislian was Christ. It was Christ who lay upon the mean hammock in tho prison loaded with chains ; in the form of- the feeble wasted patient lying in the wards of the hospital, and it was Christ who bade His peo ple cast their eye across the vast region of human pain and suffering, and . behold in every man who was hungry and thirsty not merely the Lord's brother, but His represen tative. The same principle, although it might' have become nowadays little better than a figure of speech, was once quick and strong. At one time in tiie world the words "In asmuch as sc have done it unto !um, ye have done It unto Me," were quick and alive. As Looker said, it found its way into men's hearts and obtained a hold on their convictions, and whenever the slumbering Christ was awoke, either in the church or especially in the hearts of men, it would become a living word again — a moral motive power, with creative strength to penetrate the chaos of human existence. It had the same application in the case they were consi dering that day— the case of sickness. In the middle ages of Europe, when poverty was deep and disease was dangerous and loath some ; when even leprosy prevailed, and when nothing btrt a very overmastering motive could have prompted any one to encounter it. men ran the risk qnd peril, and social distinctions which wereso emphasised, were put aside. It brought the opposite poles of human condition together ; made grandeur the nurse of penury, and the noble to wash the sores of tho leprous serf. Tho plague fell upon Europe like a cloud of death, mil lions by millions, fled from death ; the physicians ran from it, and when the panic was at its height the old- Franciscans came forth and tended tho sick. Of the total number of plague-stricken victims, 124,000 of that noble order perished. It was the grandest battle, the noblest victory ever recorded in history, be cause mere men for the love of Christ, grappled with an unknown, impalpable, and unseen ghost, because they heard the whis per, " Do it unto him and thou doest it unto Me." Was not that a noble motive for our own age and Christianity? There were great dif ferences of opinion among the people on most subjects— scientific, philosophical and religious : but on one point there was universal agreement. Allsceptics as well as beievcrsadmittodthnt there never wasacbarncter so perfect and so beautifulas tho Lord Jesus, so that to carry out the senti ment of John Stuart Mill, if any man has so lived as to have won the approbation of Christ, he has lived a great and noble life. It was not easy, it was not natural, to see the Lord Jesus in every pauper; it was not agree able to seek for Him down in tho lowest depths of infamy where the air rcoks with diseaso ; but there it was the duty of every man to cndcavor to succor his fellow?. If they had done that : if in the pure love cs Christ thc.v hal lii'cn able to rei.o.juii'e Hie in» i.v <L'd in tin cell ot tho io- pronute ; if they ha t been abie to bend over the form of tho Buffering and miserable, aim to recognise the Redeemer in him then, they liad Christ's heart toward humanity. Men reproached them, and said that they were divided, not only in opinion, but also in feeling; that their divisions were such as drove them to worship in different assemblies, to denounce each other, and to make more of the little things about which they differed than of the great ones in which tlicy agreed. The charge was too true, and they should erect a platform of belief upon which they could all stand. That platform was ready, and they should go and do Christ's work in Christ's spirit, irrespec tive of the forms of ritual, of dogma, or Church government, and they would hear the whisper. " Do it unto bim, and thou hast done it unto Me." Ho appealed for tho poor, the helpless poor and the suffering poor ; for those who could not work if they would : for those who most grievously suffer and continually need nursing. He appealed in their names, and in the dear Redeemer's name. If they recognised the duty then that one time, if never again as long as they lived, he would ask them to do a Christian action from a Christian motive. There were more than 3000 people in tuo hall, and if each gave Is., then more than .£150 would be realised. That was an easy calculation, and it was one which their enemies' would make. They would say, "Yon call yourselves Christians, you have come to a Christian service and you say you are bound by the principles of a Christian leader, and he appeals to you to help tlieso poor us if you were helping Hiin." They could afford the shilling each of them, and if they did not give it- they cared nothing for Christ, and he would have a right to say that Christianity was dying out as a practical force. But they should not let any slich disgrace be cast upon them, upon their church, upon their religion and upon their dear Redeemer. They should riso to the height of their duty if it be but for once, and give to the great and noble cause as God had prospered tliein, and above all give, he besought them, because of the constrained power of that tenderest appeal and that most potent promise, " Inasmuch us ye have done it unto the least of my brethren ye have done it unto me." Thc col- lection was then made, the amount received being £77 0s. 7d., and the service was concluded by the singing of the Hallelujah Chorus. 