THE VICTORIAN REVIEW FOR JUNE. Amongst tho more mtorosting articles contained In tho June number of tho Victorian Review is a paper upon Repre sentation of Minorities, or, as M. Guido Padellotti, the author, calls it, Propor tional Representation. Tho article opens thus : — The great defect, and at the same time the gravest danger, of democracy Is the undis puted domination of the majority. Nor doss this vice disappear in democracies provided with representive governments, in the form they assume in our own times. For whilst a democracy ought to be the entire peop'e equally represented, tliiB is no other than the government of the majority exclnsively repre sented. Hitherto, in fact, this has been the case. Minorities were obliged to be subject to tho popular will, aud possess their souls in pnuence ; me tewer must give way' to tho greater number. This vulgar phrase, which writers upon public affairs have repeated one aftsr the othor for a long time past, has been justly censured by powerful and original minds as contrary to the spirit oi representation. For does not repre sentative government rest upon tha principle that truth is cot the exclusive patrimony of an individual, of a class, or of a majority ? Its essential forms are, indeod, quit.e otherwise directed, if not to prevent the monopoly of justice and the privilege of infallibility, at any rate to coll upon the governing body at every moment to vindicate the legitimacy of its conduct, Why, then, shonld not the voice of tbe minority be listened to as well as that of the majority? Why ought not those also to be admitted, by means of their representatives, to the syndicate of public affairs ? Is It not possible that the various minorities, defeated in the several electorates, may include the very persons who are most capable of discerning the true In terests of the country, and who may be beit qualified to promote them, by sending to Par liament representatives of their opinions? It is evident that the contrary principle, far from being baBed upon the spirit of the representative system, rests upon the false theory of tbe popular sovereignty, upon a barbarous and pagan concept of government, There is really no difference between the lesser number who impose silence upon tho greater number by forae of arme, and the greater number who impose silence on the lesser by force of arguments, when these latter ere not placed in a condition of cqaality with the former, and are not givon the opportunity of declaring their thoughts. Tbe coeroion varies las regards the means employed, but the absolutism is tho same : and so l»->s ' u> oxiats, the raiunrity may well exclaim, "Strike, but hear. " Tho author goe3 on to maintain that tho right of ovory opinion to which impor tance is attached to bo roprosontod is too clear to require demonstration Ho considers it "sheer nonsonso" to say that minorities Bhould abdicate thoir rights in favor of national majorities. The struggle bttweon majorities and min orities in tbe numerous constituencies cf a country is one thing ; that between: parties ia a Chamber, which is the result of tho foregoing, is another. It is the so-ipe of the electoral organisation to offer to citizens of reputed capaoity the means of securing tho most elevated public functions which can devolve upon persona woithy of fulfilling them. Now if, by the necessities of hnmiu nature, it is indispensable to divide the great constituency of a country into electoral districts, there ought to bs found some meanB of obviating the compulsory inaction cf many electors who remain in a majority. Their votes are equally nootssary to complete the purpose of re presentation — that is to say, to give the most exact possible measure of the national capacity. Having found out tho best method of utilising these votes, and having thus constituted a Chamber, which shall represent every opinion and every interest possessing any imp st ance, the whole aspect of afftirs ia changed. Every decision arrived at by the Chamber itself represents tbe ideas of a ma jority, and sacrifices those of the minority, no doubt, but not without tbe latter having Eecured a hearing. It is naturally an inevitable necoisity ; but it doeB not follow that because you caunot avoid it, ao to speak, in the firdt instance, you may not escape it in the second. Representative government is, then, a govern ment of majorities but of Parliamentary ma jorities. Tha decisions of tbe majority of a Chamber will be all tbo more mature aud all tbe more respected by the whole country, in proportion ne the discus sion of them has been full uf enlightenment, and as the greatest liberty has been conceded to minorities to bring forward their arguments. When any minority whatso ever finds itself not properly reprosented in Parliament, tbe citizens may justly allege that they might perhaps have been in a posi tion to adduce such reasons as would have con vinced even the majority. The only method, then, of elevating the intellectual and moral level of Assemblies, as well as of increasing their authority and prestige, is that of finding out a way of Beonring the representation of minorities in the various oonstitusuciss. Referring to tlio question as to whether under existing forms of popular Govern ment minorities are persistently sacri ficed, lie points out that tlioy aro so, in spito of tho fact that they still enjoy tho rights that belong to every individual, viz., tho right of tho press, of association, of public meeting, of petition. Net only so, bnt a newspaper is not always wriitsu by the ablest and honestest members of tho party ; while these would always agree in sending int i Parliament the most suitable man in every respect to represent it. We might also arrive at another indirect, but not less importer t result. It often happsns fcliat tbe leaders of a minority, exasperated bytluir irritating exclusion from publlo affairs, allow themselveB to ho led awuy by posslon, and are impelled by their own rights and tbo grievances tliey experience at tho hands of others. But pl(03 suoh persona in an FBscmbly of rospectabla men, where they would bo obliged to reason instead of declaiming, givo them tbe means of legally exercising their legitimate influence, and you will see that they will very soon beoums tolerant and equable— tko elements of order aad progress. The abovo passage wo command to tho special attention of tho electors, who will so shortly to bo called upon to oxercioo thoir right of choosing candidates. Tho author then proceeds to expound the scheme of "proportional representation," as suggested by Mr Thomas Hare, and expounded by Mill, Fawcott and othor distinguished publicists. Dr Hoarn gave a description of this schemo in tho speech in which ho supported tho late Legislative Council Reform Bill in tho Oouncil. . The following description puts tho matter in y so lucid a manner that all can under stand it who chooso to talco tho smallest trouble : — According to this plan, every oandidate would be elected who should have obtained a quota of votes, this quota having been ascer tained and determined beforehand, by dlvidiog the number of voters by the number of seats in the Chamber. Tbe election would be af firmed, even if the votes should be soattorod hither and thither amcng the various electoral districts. They would have to bs recorded locally, but each elector would be able to voto for tho candidate of his choice, in whatever part of tbe country ho might present himself, supporting thus tho return of that parson among all who might come forward in evory part of tho country. Thus, then, oven those who voto for a local oandidate, and are defeated, may find elsewhere their representation, by depositing in the bal lot box a paper containing a list of additional names. For the vote of an elector will be available for more than one candidate ; and thus, if tho first objeotof his prefereuco Bhould fail to obtain tbo nooessory qnota, tbo second may be more foitunato. But if tho latter Bhould have obtained tbe quota re quired, without hie suffrange, the latter can be carried on to tbo next candidate lower down. To obtain the necessary number of represen tatives, and to prevent the most popular candidates from absorbing all tbe suffrages, there would be only oounted to each candidate the number of votes necessary for his election; j the voteB recorded in bis favor by tbe others | would be transferred to the first psrsun on ! their list until they had completed the quota required by law. A oandidate would naturally j retain for himself the votes of all those who did not wish to be represented by others; aud for | tbe rest, in default of better means, recourse > might be had to thefr extraction by lot. The lists of the votes would bs sent la to a ; aentral office, where they would bs ' numbered and disposed of in progressive order, eson Cnndidato beina ainou his aoota. nntil all the Bents wero filled, the overplus or tho first voteB being carried to the seeond, and j these to the third, aud so on. The voting . papers, and all the elements of the calcula tion, would be deposited in tho public offices, and would be acaeesibls to all persons in- ! terested ; and if it should turn out that any candidate had not been elected after having received the necessary quota, it would bs very easy to provo the fact. This Is, substantially, Mr Hare's project. Even without entering ' into very miuute particulars, the ad- vantages which this system would secure aro palpable. First of all, It would provide | an efficncionB remedy for what is felt to be j tbe gravest defect of representative govern ment, by giving to minoritios an adequate rs- : presentation in Parliament. In fnst, minori ties in the various constituencies would bs able : to concentrate their votes npon certain candl- 1 dates, tand thus send iuto the Chamber a nam : her of representatives proportionate to tho : strength of their party. ThiB would b3 pos- sible wherever a majority should comprise a | numher of citizens sufficiently large to bo en--j titled to a representative. Ia this wiso, Mr Hare's system solves the most difficult psoblein | of tbe science of governmeet ; a problem th.t has hitherto appeared insoluble. And ' it will be observed that, not only does it resolve it in a method the moBt logical and the most useful to society, but it effects other aad secondary, but highly important objects. Under existing Bystems, as was ju»t now observed, the majority generally finds itself obliged to acoept the candidates of the party, and to obey the word of, command, in order ! that votes may not be scattered. This, says John Stuart Mill, is nob democracy, but the ghost of demooracy. Bat, with Hare's system, not only would minorities bs represented, but, in addition, each member would bs . elected by unanimous electors, who would be thus truly represented. M. Guido Padollotti feels confident that in course of time Hare's syatom, or some : modification of it, will be adopted, and he i sums up tho effects of its adoption a3 j follows : — ; The result of Hare's Bystem, th?n, would be this, that we should have a government of respectable men, emanating from the majority. and from an enlightened minority. It has, moreover, the merit of improving the elec toral Bystem, whatever may be the extonsionjof the suffrage. If this were universal mino rities would run a very serious risk of being sacrificed altogether ; bat the mott Important, at any rate, would have some represen- : tation, The system is also compatible with all forms of election whatsoever — with universal suffrage as with a restricted -ttfri- iiErp, with ."qnstituopoiqs Dturnlne one member, a-a wi h those having a plurality of seats ; which shows that there is something in it consonant with the very essence of repre sentation, nnd assuring its destiny. It is only natural that it should undergo tho fate of all scientific novelties, and encounter bitter criticism and opposition. We will not spesk of the rosist tnce which Hare's system may perchance meet with through ignorance, tho force of hatred aud selfish interests. Tiiera is no doubt that, in Amsrioa. for example, whatever teudo to lessen the omnipotence of the multitude will stand very littlo chance of success. Bnt these are not difficulties whioh should dismay any one who is inspired by the lova of social progress. Every great and beneficial reform lias had to contend against popular ignorance, prejudice, tradition, vested interests, and the animosity so generally exhibited against now ideas. But it triumphed in the long run, aDd the reli gious, political, or social heresy of one epoch, became the established creed or principle of the next ; and so it will be the representation cf minorities. Notwithstanding the shortness of the time before tbe nomination day, comparatively littlo appears bo have been done in the selec tion of candidates. Appearances iu this in stances are deceptive, as the leaders on either eido are bnsily engaged in oboosing suitable men and in making all the necessary arrange ments for a keen contest. Tbe sensation caused by tba tragedy enacted at Glenrowan on Monday has abated consider ably. The affair, however, still oooup ios con siderable attention, to tho exolusion of politics. On tho fourth page will bo found some interesting particulars of the Kelly affair, which appeared iu a late edition yesterday, George Ducker, a baker, was before the City Bench this morning for firing a shot from a revolver, through jealousy, nt a female servant, Margaret Kenny, employed at Har- tung's Hotel. She was engaged ia washing yeiterday, when the priaoocr ooolly fired at her through a window. A shot from the revolver splintered n poet about nine inches above her head, but she was not hit, Inspeotor Drought, who pro- eecuted, said this case was a very serious one, and the polios must ask for a remand, whioh tbe bench granted, until next week. The pri soner is n short man, nnd not young. He is believed to bo not exactly right lu his head. On being arrested he said he was filing for fun, but afterwards admitted that he meant the shot for tho girl Kenuv. Too latter, a quiet young domestic, meets with great sympathy in the shook eha lias undsr- gone, for ber escape from death oan bs des cribed as little more than a luolty accident, Tbe revolver used was large-sized, but only loaded in ono chninbor, that which Ducker fired. Although the prosecutrix was ia readi- ncSB this morning, tbe authorities did not subject her to tbe ordeal of entering the wit- ncse-box so soon nfter tho outrage, Duokar is to bo examined by medical men, with a view of testing his sanity. He was arreBtedby Con stable Paice.a young member of tho force, who made a good impression iu the witness-box to- ' day by the manner in which ho had handled this important case. No othor ovidocce waa ' taken. | An unmnal charge appeared on tho sheet of i tho City Court to-day, Donald M'D >r.ald hoiug ! charged with fraudulently disposing of growing ; crops. Hc ia a young selector, of St. Aresnd, . and the charge made is that he mortgaged a I crop to tha bank, thon sold it nnd olrarad out of the district. M'Donald gave himself up to tho detectives, and etands rcniaadud to St. Arnnud. The Exhibition is practically finished, out- , sldo, nnd this leaves the building trr.do rather i slaok. Parliament Ilons-j nnd the Law C mrts still crorp along, but thero is only out) Iar.;o private edifice under construction in Mel bourne—the ma'thouso which bulks so con spicuously in Flinders street east. A.would-bc larconist wns amusingly trapped to-day. Hc went to an hotel and was caught in the not of stealing a bottle of whisky, as lie supposed, but it turned out to bo nothing but water— a dummy bottle kept for suoh customers. The thiof was intensely disgusted on being looked np, At the Carlton Court this morning a. letter carrier, named Martin Shannon, was oharged with abstracting the oohtents of a letter, the property of tho Postmaster- General. Detec tive Lomax doscribt'd to tbe bench the mannor in which the prisoner was discovered. He was given a test-letter to doliver — with a fl- ooto enclosed— which he did not take to tho address, and, when eearohed, was found to havo it still in his possession. The bench re manded him, to appear at tha City Police Court on Tuesday next. A littlo waif, which was found in front of the Lying-in Hospital on tho 25th May last, and remanded from that date, was brought up to-day.' Tha banoh christened (he infant James Grattan, after the street lu which he was found, and senthiufto the Industrial SohoolB for fourteen years. Sir Julius Vngel appears to be at a discount just now in New Zealand, Major Atkius in, tho present Treasurer, makes out that New Zealand is in a vory bad way, through past extravagance in contracting loans, whioh the elasticity uf their resources haB not been ade quate to moot, Thoro is a considerable pro bability of Sir Julias resigning the Agent- Generalship in London, for he is snubbed in a mortifying manner to a politician of his spirit and fame. The Government even worried him over his petty office expenses. Tho committee of the Collins street Baptist Church ore making a very good use of their fine new leoture hall In Littlo CollinB street, : by opening it with free nightly sorvioes for t ie musses. Rev. S. Chapman, the pastor, takos a leading part in the services, with the Rv. Mr Clark, from Mr Spurgeon's college, as hii assistant. This shows that one of tho leading city chnrohes has detenninod that its efforts shall not bs confined to those who aro ia no need of repentance. H.M.S. Raleigh has ercited much- -tioilc'e 'ouT a visit to Sydney. She was ope' of sent to Besika Bay at tha outsbt of thif troublo between Russia nnd Turkey;'.' Tjio'Raleigb, is not one of the Ironclads, si|6bnVtbe DsvastyP tion, Alexandra, and Su)t.ap, (yb'c'h -lvere meant for hard fightlngri 1tf;no46ssaay,' She,-' would bd welcome in HotfMm'o BaV": < Early next month the oscbovalp'.'estate, laid out by the late J. Faivkner,.,th6' founder of Melbourne, will bo ufonghlr to the bammer, ss per advertisements. One feature of the place is the avenue of oaks, planted by Mr Fuwkner while Melbourne wns very young, juBt emerging from infancy. They are fine big trees now, lining tho carriage way from tbe gate to the house, In plantiug them, Mr Fnwkner had every reason to expect that ho was establishing for himself one of the most luxurious homes of Australia, but he mel with reverses, and could never make Pasooovale, ; the paradise he in tended, It is to be hoped that the oaks will never be removed. tThey ought ito possess of he interest of Shakspeare's 3 mulbenry tree, tho destruction of which scut a thrill of indignation through England. To future generations thers oan bo no greater object of interest iu Victoria than f ho nnira n1n.4if.rir1 lit? ilia hnnrl nf 71n wlrnnri 'Phflu will only become mature in tho next cen tury. There is no charge in tho programmes at tbe ditierent places of amusement. At tho Theatre Royal New Babylon continue to be plnyed with great success, and is gaining in popularity nightly. M. Kottsn's reoitals at the Opera House show no signs of any falling off in publlo favor. A meeting ie to bo held tbis afternoon with a viaw of presenting him wilh a testimonial On Saturday the Frauoa- Prussian war panorama will be exhibited at St George's Hall, tho first night of a short eeaeon. and Piaaftre will be tiksn off the stage of the Bijou for tbe first appearance of Miss Mnriou Dunn after nearly twelve years' absence from tbe Btage. 