LA SERENISSIMA. A TALE OT TENICE. How much has been written and said about Venice — how many authors have tried to describe it ; and yet how little can the richest word-painting convey to the reader a correct idea of this wonder ful city ! It is so unlike any other ; the conditions nnder which its inhabitants live now, and have lived since its founda tion, are so different from all others, that .they have given to its pleasures and to its troubles, to its past history and to its future hopes, a special colouring of its own. Whilst all other capitals have gradually increased, and are increasing every day in every direction, Venice surrounded by its inland sea, attained several centuries ago its present size and shape. The Piazza San Marco has been since then its forum ; successive generations have daily repaired to it in quest- of news, of eunshiue, or of friends ; and will con tinue to walk nnder its arcades, to cross it and recross it in every direction, as long as the Dubmo and the Procnratie wall it round, es long as the golden angel on St Mark's Tower shines far above the silent city. Its glory and its power have disappeared ; the Queen of the Seas is now only a small provincial town. Bat however fallen from a diplo matic or commercial point of view, ; Venice has still and always will have a peculiar thrilling interest for' all whose ! souls rise above the commonplace events of our daily life. The mysterious silence that constitutes the most striking feature of this " Italian Dream," as' Dickens so happily called it-seems specially apt to' foster and preserve the innumerable legends of its past history, and they ac cordingly abound. Every stone has its own legacy of romance ; every dark gate is hannted by its familiar ghost ; every recess, every cranny, whispers its old weird story. The official annals of the Most Serene Venetian Republic contain innumerable instances of secret arrests, secret trials, followed almoBt always by still more secret executions ; bnt besides these, many a terrible drama has taken place within the stone' walls of the state prisons. Conveniently situated nnder the Ducal Palace, and with their floors slightly under high-water mark, these "wells" — as they were called on ac- conut of their dampness — very seldom gave up a victim except as a corpse. Silent and dark as the grave, they were a fit instrument for a stern and mys terious tribunal. The severity of the Council of Ten, the swiftness with which it reached both high and low, the secrecy of its nocturnal sittings and of its sen tences,' created a universal feeling of awe, that has not yet completely disappeared. Amongst the poorer classes there are many who still believe in the existence of the Secret Council, and who expect it to reappear some day ; they abstain therefore from any direct allusion to it ; mentioning it only when - absolutely ne cessary, by the vague term of La Serenissima. We may smile at this childish fear ; bnt it proves very clearly the terror it must have inspired. The following legend, that was whispered to me a short time ago by an old gondolier, will show by what means this result was obtained. Though I cannot vouch for the accuracy of every detail, there is no doubt in my mind as to its general truth, because the grandfather of my informant lived at the time it occurred, and would have not have dared to: repeat any tale against the Serenissima unless he was snre of it With this proviso, I will now relate the legend as I heard it whilst I was qnietly lolling in a Venetian gon dola. It was toward the end of 17 60, when one night an English king's messenger reached Mestre, wanting to cross over to Venice. Sir John Hawser — such was his name — was young, brave, and very highly con nected, and as such perhaps, he had been chosen by the ministry to convey some trifling message to King George Ill's re presentative in that town. After a delay that wonld seem enormous to our modern express-train travellers, a gondola was manned, bis loggage loaded in it, and at last it began to glide towardb the city. He reached Venice jnst before dawn ; and after a harried toilet and a still more harried breakfast, Sir John delivered hie packet, and began exploring the lanes and alleys of this incomprehensible town. Being tolerably proficient in the langnage, he soon found his way to the Piazza San Marco, and was dnly astonished by its peculiar aspect. Then, as now, the' Piazza was the. heart of the city; laws! and edicts were promulgated in it; sen-' tences were pronounced from the Balcony1 of the Ducal Palace ; whilst beggars, singers, and others of a similar caste- gave it a strange animation. Thoroughly enjoying the freedom of walking after his long journey by coach and gondola, Sir Jobn indulged his rambling propensities to the fall extent. Whilst he was doing 8 1 a crowd collected in front of the Ducal Palace. Naturally curious, and having nothing else to do, he hastened to the spot, aud elbowed his way to the centre. By the red pillar of the Balcony an usher was reading out the sentence of some unknown felon, with all the pompous circumlocutions so much in favour in those days. The wretched prisoner, just brought out of some dark cell, seemed scarcely to realise the scene, as his eyes, now unused to the light of the sun, gazed vacantly on the excited mob that surrounded the low scaffold on which he was standing. The sentence having been read, the prisoner was taken away to the jail where he was to under go the term of imprisonment to which he had just been condemned; aud the crowd, the sight being over, gradually dispersed. The incident was in itself very trifling; and Sir John would probably have for gotten it within a week had it not been for its strange consequences. Whilst pushing and elbowing his way in the crowd it seems that some clever pick pocket robbed him of his lace handker chief It is certainly very un pleasant to be robbed even of a valueless article ; but iu this case the thief had obtained a valuable prize ; and besides, there was for Sir John Hawser the additional sting of having been robbed by an Italian. He would have been less angry if it had happened in London ; the pickpockets there were so clever that there was no shame in being their victim ; but to have been plundered by a clumsy Venetian was too much for his equanimity, and he burst out in a torrent of abuse. Speaking mostly in Italian, but mixing a few English anathemas in his speech, he re lated his loss to a few by- standera, and was advised by them to complain to the police, or rather to those officials who under the Serenissima fulfilled the present dnties of the police. Though without great faith in this plan, he followed it, and gave notice to the authorities. He was assured by a very stately official that he need have no fear, and' that hiB property wonld soon be found and restored to him. Forced to be content with this vague consolation, he went home to his supper and bed. For three or four days afterwards he continued visiting the principal monu ments and churches, bnt without re ceiving any farther information abont his lace handkerchief, I have said that Sir John was'yonng and brave ; as a conse quence, he wsb impetuous and fiery ; whilst being born and bred in a free- thinking, free-speaking couutry, he was apt to express his thoughts as they came to hiB mind without reflection and with out fear. It is not surprising therefore that one night, under the arcades of the Procnratie, while relating his- loss to a few friends, he shonld have said what he thought of the vaunted secret police of Venice. They were, he arid, a lot of stupid fools, very pompons and very stately, trying to hide their ignorance and incapacity under very high-sounding phrases ; bnt the meanest London detec tive was worth the whole lot of them. As to the Secret Council, he did not believe- it existed at all ; or if it did, it waB no better than the rest Ah, Sir John 1 if yon needs most speak, so irreverently of the Serenissima, -why did yon npt use your own langpef 'Why did you express your rash thoughts in Italian 1 Did yon not know that walls have ears, and that every stone of Venice is a spy I -His friends astonished by this sadden outburst, attributed it at first to those last glasses of vino tanto they had been drinking together ; bnt. knowing full !well the jealous care the Serenissima had of its reputation, they instinctively shrank from him, as from a dangerous : man . Availing themselves of favourable opportunities, they disappeared ronnd I dark corners, down side alleys ; and very -soon Sir John found himself alone. Alone 1 At least so he thought ; but a : silent figure had been following him for 'some time,- and- was -now -eagerly and stealthily dogging him. So carefully it ! walked, so noiselessly it stepped, that for a long time Sir John did not notice this unwelcome shadow, and even when he did, he attached no importance to it. But at lsst he began to feel some doubts abont ! this follower. Nothing couid be guessed ! from his appearance. Completely wrapped i up in a dark cloak, and with a wide hat I shading and concealing the upper part of his face, the man wonld uot have been recoguised by his own brother. It was only the peculiar way in which he fol lowed, and the ability with which he ; availed himself of every nook and corner, that implied a danger. Fearless still, but somewhat annoyed, Sir John pnrsued his way through the maze of alleys that led from the Piazza to his temporary home. Determined to try to throw off his masked companion, he quickened at first his step ; hat at the next turning, a glance back showed that it was no use. Having by this time reached the Ponte San Moise — one of the innumerable bridges that cross the minor canals of Venice — he stopped ou its steps to see what his shadow wonld do. Asto nished at first by this new rase, the man hesitated a second, but a second only, and then disappeared in the shadow of the church. ' Onr hero vainly strained his eyes in-trying to- find ont whether he had really gone, or whether he was only hiding behind the columns and watching. He' began to feel an intense interest in this new chase, in which he seemed to be the game hunted down. Then, convinced that he had seen the last of his silent friend, he decided on continuing his way home ; and was jnst going to move, when a cloak was thrown over his head and chesty completely gagging him, whilst several strong arms entwined themselves ronnd bis body and effectually pinioned him. Before he could recover his senses, a voice whispered in Italian, in his ear : " Yon are a prisoner of the Serenissima ; resistance is of no use." Even afteir these words, the import of which he had dimly guessed, Sir John would have tried to strike one blow at least for his life or for his liberty ; bnt the cloak in which he had been wrapped up waa eo artistically and eo securely fastened that he could not move a muscle nor utter a ciy. There was no help for it, and he doggedly awaited his fate. The voices ronnd him seemed to hold ai short conference, and then they lifted! him from the ground, and carrying kirn a' short distance, deposited him in what he' felt to be a gondola. The jonrney was: not long, though to him it seemed an age, aud very soon the rocking motion ceased.. They evidently had reached their destin ation. A few seconds more and he was landed in the same uncermonious manner.1 After depriving him of his sword and securing his hands, his captors released him from the folds of the mantle in which he had been almost choked. He found himself in a very small passage; dimly lighted, and intensely damp. The low ceiling, the strong stone walls, the massive iron doors that lined it, reminded him at once of all he had heard aud read about the state prisons of Venice, and his heart sank within him. Without, how; ever, giving him much time for reflection, or asking him any questions, bis captors opened one of the cells, thrust him in, aud bolted the door. Left alone in the most absolute darkness, our friend groped about as well as his tied hands would allow him until he fonnd a stone bench,' on which he dropped, completely unf manned by the novelty and horror of his position. He had heard of prisoners being kept in these state prisonsfor months even for years without light, with just enough of the coarsest food to keep theni alive, and without the shadow a judg ment. Others had been tried and executed within these dark walls, and their friends outside had never known their fate. Was he too going to disappear without a. struggle from this world ? Was his body going to be dropped into the " Canal Grande I" Or was he to linger in his cell nnril his youth, his strength, and perhaps his mind were gone, to be released only a wreck of his former self; as a warning to others 1 There were many in Venice, poor shattered beings, heart broken, half-crazed, shunned by everybody, who had once been the leaders of feshion, of science, of politics, until an anonymouB note dropped into the Lion's month had caused their arrest, and their trialless detention in the underground — or rather nnder-water— prisons of the Serenissima. But then, who could have denounced him J Who could have an interest in destroying him in this cowardly fashion ! Ail the people he knew were above suspicion ; and yet even the Serenissima wonld not have arrested an Englishman, a king's messenger, without some good reason. In that dreadful silence, broken only by the quiet plashing of the water on the stone walls in which he was imprisoned, his memory was particularly vivid, and recalled to his mind all the incidents of his stay. At last he remem bered those few hot foolish words he had used that very night; they and. they alone could be the cause of his present condition. This, however, brought no relief, it aggravated only his fears and his despondency, since he well knew what awful punishments were inflicted ou those who, to use the Venetian phrase, " blasphemed the government" Having settled the cause of his arrest, he gradually fell into a dull, drowsy.state of half unconsciousness, staring blindly iu the darkness, listening vacantly in the vain hope of catching some sound, however feint, of that outride world he had so recently left The silence was as complete as the darkness that surrounded him, and hoars passed without bringing any change. Now and then a muffled sound reached his ears. Was ita footstep in the passage ! Was it a wave a little higher than the others t Was it only the plaintive cry of the seamew ! Or was . it the dying gasp of a fellow-prisoner 1 He could not tell After a very long-tunof wfrich heconld not even guws tbe lepgtfy be distinctly heard a noise as of bolts and keys, at his prison door ; suddenly it opened, aud a flood of light illnminated every corner of his dismal celL Dazzled at first by the glare of the torches, he could not see the ' men by whom they were carried ; but gradually, ashiseyes grew accustomed to the light, he saw they were all armed, all masked, and all dressed in black. In the meantime his hands had been released of their fetters, and his guards had quietly surrounded him. Without a word, without a sound, they led him on in their midst Through dark balls and narrowstaircases, through crookedpassages land low beetling doors they marched as 'noiselessly as a group of ghosts sur rounding a mortal roan. At last their goal is reached ; a door is flnog opeD, 'and Sir John is ushered into a spacious room. At one end, on a raised platform rit ten judges, all masked, all draped in 'large Mack cloaks. By their side, but a little lower down, are the scribes of this 'silent tribunal. Judges and scribes as motionless as if they had "been statues, .and not hnman beings. The first glimpses of dawn struggling through the printed .windows, powerless as yet to supersede 'the wax candles, gave to the whole scene the most weird aspect Outside, all was 'sleeping ; and no sound reached the inmates of this hall to remind them that i a powerful city, a numerous population, \- surrounded their silent abode. As soon as the several actors in this strange scene had reached their proper places, a man still masked, and dressed in ! the same dark hue, began in a monotonous slow tone to give his evidence. Though muffled by the folds of his mask, his voice was peculiarly distinct and clear, and Sir John at once knew it as being the same he had heard when he was arrested: Cold and pitiless as steel, without a tremor and withont a pause, the voice repeated all the words used by the cnlprit when, in his rash burst of passion, he had derided and mocked the knowledge and the power of the Sere nissima. Slowly and regularly the words followed each other as the links of a lengthened chain, as steadily as the drops of rain on a winter's day. The pens of the scribes, creaking as they hurried over the paper, made a fit accompaniment to this recitaL Except for them, all was as motionless, as still as if no human hearts were beating under those black silk mantles. It ended at last ; acd with a sense of relief Sir John strained his senses to see, to hear what wonld follow. After a short pause, the jndge who sat at the centre of the table, stood np and addressed him in three terms : " Von have heard the evidence against yon ; now follow ns and hear your sentence." No cross-examination, no defence was allowed by the laws of this Council. Rising together as if moved by a single mind, the funereal procession followed ; its leader, and left the hall by the door throngh which Sir John had entered it. Again throngh the same winding passages, again down the same narrow steps, silently and noiselessly they glided like ghosts returning to their graves. Sur rounded by his guards, Sir John followed immediately after the last of the judges, wondering all the time what was to be his fete. When they had reached the lowest floor of the building, and were nearing again the loathsome cell from which he had so lately been taken, the cortege divided, and Sir John was brought face to face with the senior judge. " You have insulted the Serenissima ; you have denied its power of punishing crime, because you have been robbed of a paltry handkerchief, and it had not been immediately found and given back to yon. Now look !" As he said these last words, the masked judge stepped on one side and directed Sir John's gaze to a darker corner of the dark passage. There, hanging against the wall, the rope that encircled his neck disappearing through the stone, was the corpse of a man. Entranced by this sight, and thinking that, perhaps he also was going to be hanged in the same manner by an unseen hand, Sir John felt himself rooted to the spot. After a short silence, the judge con tinued : " This man was the thief ; in his right hand yon will find yourhandkerchief. Take it. As for you, we ought not pei haps to be so lenient ; bnt in con sideration of your youth aud of the high position you hold in yonr country, we will overlook your fault. You are for given. Outside this gate a gondola writs for you ; it will take you to Mestre, aud thence you will be conveyed to the frontier. Go ! But remember always what you have seen to- night." Seizing with a trembling hand the lace handkerchief that had been the cause of so much trouble, Sir John wanted to speak, wauted to thank his unknown judge ; but before he could recover his voice, the phantoms had disappeared, aod two jailers only were by his side. Without a word, and apparently without an effort, three two men opened a secret door leading to the canal, and helped the now liberated man into a gondola that was moored to the steps, and in the forepart of which lay Ms luggage. No word was said, no order was given ; the two gondoliers seemed to know their duly, and they silently paddled away from the palace in which Sir Jobn had spent that dreadful night. At Mestre a coach was waiting for him. In a few hours the frontier was crossed. Then only did he begin to breathe freely. But for a long time afterwards he avoided any allusion to his Venetian adventure ; and for many years he could not bear to speak of it Now tiie Serenissima is gone, the cells have been sacked by an infuriated mob, and innumerable tourists visit the hall where the Secret Council held its nightly sittings ; but even now I cannot help feeling relieved when I have left behind me Venice, its dark canals, aod the darker memories that cling to them. 