AUCKLAND MARSTOH. ; ':'-?' AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. '.',-'? '\:; ' -??;.: Bi EllibL ??*?*». . ; CnAPTKB XX.— ' The Sins op the Fathers.'— . (CoHTiNtmn.) '- , When the Hnntcrs' visit came to an end, Craw; ford declared it was his turn for a holiday,' and volunteered to drive them home, and, moreover, spent the best part of the time he stayed in Syd ney at their residence. ' ; ; However, by the end of February, all visiting was over, and thincs had annnrnntlv ilrnm^il ;nin their ordinary routine ; and so they remained for another year. We must, however, premise a certain amount of progression in this routine. T°'-EInntor)llnIyin3tallod as storekeeper, did hia work well nnd steadily, Auckland taking caro ?that ho had enough of chango and variety to prevent' the somewhat monotonous duties Trom 'palling on him. The convicts, as a rule, kbpt iip their' characters in the new light. Now and then a slight relapso occurred, but the stem ?lispjeasuro and prompt generalship of Marston, aided by Dan's own peculiar system of dealing -ith;his,mates, soon restored things. Dan him self , was looked upon as a curiosity by those who know. him. I am not sufficiently acquainted with tho nature of the 'mysterious influence exercised ;by some minds over others of a very inferior order to offer any explanation of tho reason, bdt certain it is that the regard and confidence of Marston produced a singular effect in ' Dan tho Devil.' I do not wish you to believe that ha suddenly became an entirely good and pious man, neither did he hypocritically pretend to be enp ; but the love engendered in his heart by tho real or fancied resemblance that Auckland bore to hia dead son, coupled to the brave, truthful fearless, ness of the young man, did so impress his rugged, stubborn nature, that, for Marston's sake he had strength to subdue many of his evil characteris tics and to follow a different course of action in many thing!), simply becauso his master wished it. Hc even went so far as te abandon the fre quent use of oaths, and it was only exciting occasions, snch as tho critical turning of a mob of cattle, tho weary pursuit of some derelict horses, or the tircsomo provokingncss of some obstinate sheep, that called forth a volley of do nunciiitions in his old stylo. One day it happtned that some troopers with an old lance-corporal, who had been some years in the force, came to the Glen. They were look ing for traces of stolen cattle, and wanted to learn if any of Marston's were missing, or if any of the strangers were in his mobs/ 'I will call my headman,' said Auckland; 'ho has been amongst tho cattle the past thrca or four days, and can tell us.' Dan was cent for. Ono glanca and he and the police officer recognised each other. He replied quietly to the questions put, said 'their stock was all right, and no strango ones amongst them,' ankcd for tho brands of tho lost cattle, and said ho would look out for them, and then went off to feed the troop horses. As soon as he was gone, tho corporal broke forth : ' Is that your head man, Mr. Maraten V 'Yes.' 'Do yon know he is one of tho most desperate, crime-stained villains our chain gangs ever had. It is 20 years since I saw him, but it's ' Dan tho Devil,' or. his ghost' ' It is himself,' was tho reply. : 'And is it possiblo that you have this man in a position of trust ; that you believe a word ho ' utters?' ' '? ' Yes,' uaid Auckland, smiling ; ' both things arc very possible to me.' 'Sir!' exclaimed tho trooper warmly, 'yolt oannot know him ; your lifo and property are not worth that' (and ho snappod hia fingers) ' iu his hands. I knew him in tho old days, havo helped to take him Bcveral times, aye, and Iiavo seen it want ten of us to do it when ho had bc«n drinking ; he ought never to havo been hired out of tho chain gang. 1 warn you, Mr. Mareton, ngainothim.' ' I am warning proof. Strango as it may scorn to you, that man has stood between mo and a horrible death,' and he recounted all ho knew oi Dan. To say that the officer was surprised will ill convey a tithe of tho astonishment ho felt. Ho went down to the hut, and had a talk with the men, several of whom he know, and finally hc rode aw ay on tho morrow, marvelling in his mind, and coming in earnest somewhat to iho same conclusion that Crawford had expressed ia jest. 'Tlint yonng fellow,' ho said to his rnetf, 'ought to bo governor of Sydney Penitent tiary.' During this year Auckland found leisure to spend a Sunday onco a month at Lynncsmerc, anil every visit seemed to develops Borne fresh bond of union between himself and Ethel. '. Whether they spoke o£ their mutual torrow at tiower'B growing weakness, at their sympathy for tho sisters, their admiration of tho thrco noble natures— or, coming nearer homo, told of thcic own 'hopes, labors and results, — thceo two, lulj of tho exuberant vivacity and force of bodily and mental health, seemed to bo drawn together more and more. They novcr indulged in eeoU mental talk ; but each felt in their inner 093= Miouancsfl that' their lives, to be complete, jnuit ultimately verge in one. , ... . 'The summer weather was done, anil the licsit liad calmed down into some lovely fragrance of May'B brightest dayv ? ? :' '? ? ???? .Morton Qowcr hail gone (town to Sydney on some law matter, and Auckland, having busi ness in the city also, timed his visit, so as to Diect bis friend. They had' been together two fcr three days, and save that ho seemed still moro eaaily( ?wearied, Marston noted -but- little differ eaco in Qowen '' One afternoon ho had left Mor ton to settle with the lawyer,' and had returned ? to their hotel, to await his coming ; they were to iperid the evening at lire. Hunter's. Ho had be gan to think him rather a long-time, when a breathless messenger entered, bidding liim at oncolmutcn to an hotel in- Pitt-street, for Mr. Gowcr was hurt. Hatless Auckland rushed away, leaving the.astpnishcd youth far behind ; he no ticed a doctor'a carriage was at the door as lfo entered the house. He imked hurriedly for his ; friend, and was shown upstairs. He saw neither tie doctor nor the landlady, though both made ?way for him) only, stretched upon a couch, his face deadly white, even to his lips, tho man, ho loved so well.. With a groan he bent down. Ifor- . ton openedhis eyes, and the. sweet smile played round his 'month. .'_''- : '? ''???! '.'.?'. -. ? ? '' '!' What has happened ?' ho.asked, and became Conscious of Ihe presence of someone else in the room, as'tho doctor answered. ' .'.'',,.'?','' .;'..?,,','.'. \- 'Broken ablo'od vessel, internal hsemorrhagc;' le might have addcd''rio hope.'. His tone said it,! and Auckland looked up quickly' to read'Hs con firni.ition in his face. .' ?..? ? .??? ...?? - .1 'How. did it occur?' . . i ?.. '? ? ' '' It seems a child was in' danger of being run over by' a careless drayman ; your friend siirang forward, seized .iiuV backed .the horse. He was evidently'ycry weak; ?tho!eBbrt was too much for him, and has caused this.' '?' .__ Again Auckland ' looked up with eyes . tha ^asked,:' Can nothing be done';' H y..-. ' i ..-'., ! ' Nothing. If .there are any friends lie wishes! :lo'!sed'th'eyshoiUd be Bumm'oned at once.' :? He; laid an emphasis on the list word.' . ? : ???.:?? ?-?'[No,' said Gower, in a low tone, 'they arc ,too far. 'You can ; do ' lio more ? for me.' Thank -yon for your care. Leave' us together.' , ? . The doctor arid landlady' withdrew. ' ' ' I '.'lam glad you are hero, Marston.''-- ? — f Auckland was glad also,' but too deoply moved to'ihako; answer just then.' Ho ' knelt silent, sorrowful, marvelling at the mystery of depart ing life, with the additional' bitter thbught.that Bo much of physical beauty, -of ~- intellectual ' ability, .o£ moral goodness, should be going down to an early grave, a victim to tho vices of thoso ; who had gone before. Shall we wonder that his old doubts of the justice of /tlicso things stirred deeply at his heart? Presently ho , bent over the dyingman, . ?? ! -.- ''.-.'?.r .':'.'-V- .'.??'. ?.'.?'??'??' '.?'.'. i ' Is thcro anything I can .do, Morton ?;.Haye you any messages or. trusts to give, to my, care?' , Gower's chest heaved,'; and' he Bpoko with Uiffia culty, . ... ?. ?; . .';.../.' :'.,,. ',/. ;'?/.';:.':;,''?? - — — ? r iJ.'.Whcn all..js . ovcr,_ Auckland, ^carry' tho tidings to my sisters. Tell them from, me not to sorrow much.'; Thisjis what !wo bayo. been look-'1 ing forward to fprjsoino time.. .They ..will'not ' want for friends when I am1 gone, thanks to Iangton, yourself, and Ethel. God bless you both.' .?. ??';?':;,''???'; -.-. i. :.'. ??'? — Auckland noticed a flush on the pale cheek, a lighting up of tho dim eye, as Mies Lynne's name mnctin/l Ilia ltna fiini n Dnan!/-i/Mi +.l,nt. 'limi cnmn_ times crossed his mind was confirmed. Morton Gower did or had loved Ethel Lynne, and perhaps it was this passion, unrequited as he felt it to bo, which, preying on the delicate organisation, had i&pcd; to hurry him to his death. 'Have you any messages for Miss Lynne?' he aBkcd. '.?'?? 'Messages would avail mo-not now, my friend, though I have longed to see her faco once more. Sho loves you, Auckland ; whon she is your wifo you will neither of you forget Morton Gowcr.' Something in Auckland's throat stayed his' speech, but hia face said 'Never.' Presently he said— ' You Iovohor, Morton.' ' He half raised himself, and his handsome face kindled up. 'Love her. Yes, Marston, withall tho fervor of ,iny youth, with the strength of my manhood, but I knew it was of no avail, even had uho loved mo, which she never did, navo as a friend. ' He paused, . -and then, perhaps reading ? in , Auckland's face . something of the thought we have recorded above, continued—' That has had no part in my death, though it has been hard to bear. I am dying as my brothers havo done, as my sisters will do, victims at the shrino of our ancestor's sins. Oh ! that my voice could penetrate the length and ,-. Iircadth of the land, that I might proclaim tho , God's curso that rests upon the children of men, aye, even unto the third and fourth generation, of those who recklessly defy his physical laws.' ? -. Hisvoico failed, and he sank: back exhausted. ? For eomo momenta Auckland thought that all was over. But once again Gower'a eyes, opened, again tho rare sweet smile played round his month, Hia i voico was bo faint Auckland eouliTonly just' catch what he said, 'Don't jfricvo too much. Qood;bye, Evanthc, Ina, Bthel j take cafe of them.' His eyes closed, there was a deep- drawn sigh, aad Morton Gowcr ./was dead, ?'?'?? When our humanity is excited wo Christians are apt to denunciato with religious horror' against the barbarous practise* of those nations who offer up their children to Moloch, and the. ..Ravage tribes -who think their deity, will be ap peased! if a human victim is slain on their altar. Sometimes wo bring tho simile homo, and talk glibly .of tho ' Juggernaut car of fashion crush ing iU -votaries to death.' When shall we freely lecogniso the appalling fact that in our civilised \- -nation, with all its enlightenment, hundreds of ^-Knman beings are daily sacrificed at tho altars of ' our follies and our crimes. Not struck down with bludgeons, nor stabbedr. with knives ;? and yet as . surely slain. Ignorance, alas, too often wilful ignorance, stalks abroad amongst us, with a murderous brand upon his ? brow, ; far moro drcadfuHhau that of Cain.' ?..'?' Perhaps wo may hug this consolation to our hearts, in tho refinement of* oiir' civilisation. VT$ oft-times take years in ' killing. oifr 'Victims; And lovo to call it sometimes tho ' Visitation of God.' For a long tinio Auckland stood looking at tho calm beautiful face of tho dead inan. 'Thcivho bent 'low down andkiosedhis forehead.5 'Noblest man.that I have ever known— that I ever -shall know — if there is a! future life, Burely your re-' ward is won.' Morton Gower, at his ownroqucst, was buried at the Chase. No tcrinon was read over him, : although hia sorrowing friend, Ernest Langton, waa present. Auckland Marston, in a quiet, yet very steady and distinct voice, Bp'ok'c a few words to those assembled. There waa not a dry eye amongst them when he had finished. 'God help me to be liko him,' were his concluding words, and he reverently bent his bare head arid kissed his friend's coffin. Ernest did the Bame, and every man, woman and. child there followed them. Greig and Clarke were Bobbing like children. , .-. . ; ' ? ...'.??.: . Of the grief of the aislors I cannot write.' ? v- ' A short time afterwards, at the earnest solici- , tation of his noighbors, who : begged ? :tp bo allowed to do it at their own expense, a monu ment was erected to Gower'a memory. They left the choice' of it to Auckland and Ernest.' ' It is a broken, column of white marble, and tears only the words, ' Morton Gower, ictat 36.' ?.'??. ; Chapter XXI.— Auckland's .Election. ?Tom's probation was over, and ho was on his way to Sydney, with hia cousin to take his placo in the new firm. ; The family in Sydney had a project dear unto their hearts, and wereanxiously ; awaiting the arrival of the young men to lay it beforo'lhem.' It was this :— The present part nership was to bo dissolved, as Mr. Hunt, was leaving the business altogether, and'Mr. Hunter suggested ? retiring from_ active participation, ,- making the now firm Hunter and Marston., Both . himself and wife felt it would bo but:tarily jus-: lice to their nephew ; moreover, it would secure for Tom's further guidance and support the. brave, firm j vigorous nature that had rescued and restored to them thesoh they lovod so well. ' True, Auckland was well established in' his present' position, for Morton Gowcrbad left him eolo pos-, Bcssorofthe Dovil's Glen estate ; but,' to them, life in tho bush- seemed banishment from all that was worth living for. -It' was very well to visit a; Btation for a few weckB'. holiday, but, apcr iwtiml -rn«mlnnep. unlesH noecssitv eomnelled.i seemed wlf isolation * from .. civilised life So : tlioy~'ho'ped' ' arid 'trusted their neiihew would 'gladly »avail himself 'of i the oppor tunity of establishment; amongst them. i'. There wag another who seriously and earnestly dosued to see and talk with Auckland, ! aricl that was Langton. ' Since the death of their mutual friend they had been in frequent communication, their esteem and regard for each other growing in pro portion. To Auckland it .mattered jiot what peculiar ? thoologio dogmas wore the inheritance or conviction of his friend ; 'ho might dcein them unproved and illogical,- but ho recognised in the fullest-measure the' ?nobleness 'ami' integrity of Larigtori's- character and .life, that flits -earnest working'cqualled liis most cirnesl fuith. -Jit was notforAucklarid-to-dispute with-himas to the truth of., tho latter ;. about the , former, ihere could be . no mistake. ; With'! ' Ernest Ihe case was different : .: ho ???,. had come to regard his .wife's cousin with much affection and admiration, no't only from tho know ledge' he had- gained of him from personal acquaintance, but because of the love and esteem inwhich he was held by the Gowers. Langton's religious views: prevented him from acknowledg ing any truthful basis in many of his lost friend Morton's pronounced opinions.- ItBcemcd to him thai for some wise but inscrutable purpose of His own', God 'had made this man unable to see His truths as they should bo seen. For the innate truthfulness and purity of Gowcr's every thought and action Ernest had an almost solemn reverence. Yet such was tho singular and binding force of the dogmas that held him in thrall that ho ofttira«s had bitter torturing doubts as to whether it were well with this be loved friend, how he had passed 'that bourne from whence no traveller returns,' He knew something of the influcuco Morton had oxerciscd over Auckland, aud whilst it'paincd him to think that another noble soul was in' danger of losing eternal life, he had less reluctaucs in pointing out to him what ho deemed the error of his way. They had interchanged ' Bomo ideas on this Bubject at their last meeting, and Langton was anxiously looking forward to Auckland's pro jected visit, when he loped to peranado him to gird on tho armor of God's Balvation. Mrs. Hunter was one with him in this desire ; Hhe felt that, with Tom restored, could sho but bco her nephew a member of Langton's church and her self freed from her sponsorial vow, God would, indeed, have been good to her. Meanwhile, what of the object of so much so licitude? Ho seemed to havo grown years older since the death of Morton Gower ; a grave sad nesa was apparent in his look and tono. Ho rarely mentioned his friend, not oven, to Miss Lynne. His aunt had been wont to say in hia youth, 'that Auckland was a porfect iconoclast and reverenced aothing.' It was a mistake ; he broke tho images they offered for his adoration because ho detected flaws and im perfections, which they tried to gloss over and hide with rich covoringa ; but when ho met one who appeared to him a living realisation, of the dim, shadowy idoala that had been floating about in his innermost mind, one, too, whoso teachings ,weat far to solve old doubta and present pro blems, Auckland showed tho veneration that waa in him. Like tho warriors of old, ho recog nised hia true master, and, putting his hands be tween bis king's, becamo his liegeman for life. 'The uhibu 'Between them had been porfect, and when two men hold each other in such lovo and regard, the severing of the tio by death ia a bit ter blow to tho survivor. Marston had nevor been one to ' carry i\s heart on hia sleeve.'- Ho did not now, but never for an hour had Morton been abaontfrom his thoughts. He still asked him Belf, before entering upon any fresh undertaking or working out any new idea, ' What would Mor ton Bay 'I' To Evan tho and Ina ho was as a new found brother who had been shut out of their early ' life. Gower'a placo ho could not fill— none could ever do that— but they clung to. him as one whom their brother haJ loved and utterly trus ted. Ho had persuaded them to lcavo tho Chase for a time, and take up their abode-with' Ethel atrLynncsmere, and all his ? spare time was spent in their society, Miss Lynno and himself vicing in loving attention and consideration, for those two! dear guests. Tho blow had fallen heavily on Evantbe, and it soon becamo -evident to the watchful anxious hearts that sho would not be long left to them. , Ina's grief for her brother,1 arid anxious solicitude to make .the loss of his care less felt by her suffering Bister, helped to, tide, over her lovo for Marston, and sho became able to bear his daily, presence quietly, and to enjoy it, feeling only that sweet pain which is half a pleasure. (To BE COHCLDOED ' IS OUR Next) 