THE MYSTERIOUS BELL AT WOOL- LAURA. On New Year's Night (says the News) at about the hour of 10 o'clock, approaching the " solemn midnight," when ghosts, weirds, witches, and other dark and mysterious persons and spirits perambulate this earth, the inhabitants of Woollahra were struck with awe ! Some laughed, A few peeped through their Venetian blinds ; others, who had removed their daily garments, could be observed, like the " Woman in White, peering at the side of their blinds, taking care their very slender clothing should not be too much exhibited to those who were likely to be out in search of the very " peculiar people" who were raising " priest and people," including the active and intelligent police officer who has charge of this district, at that late hour of the night. It is as well that the reader should know that this well-known bell " rings" so often and so long, calling poor souls to " collects" or to " matins, " prayers " and other short service?, and for such very small congregations—for often such " meetings" are confined to two, three, five, and very seldom as many as ten, for whom the bell rings from 15 to 20 minutes—that when it rang on the night alluded to the folk wondered what the little | funny parson was "performing" at that late hour. Well, the bell rang out the best solo it could ; the priest and his household ran towards the bell. Some neighbors and the valiaut sergeant of police I got upon the track of the priest; they all reached the bell, but, horror of horrors ! the bell still ran" out its monotone ; the police and priest shouted, I but no one answered. What " animated" that bit I of musical metal ? it moved and rang yet. There | was no man, woman, boy, or girl near; the priest I was there, but he did not seem to believe in un- I bottled spirits, nor did the cool sergeant of police, I It was at last arranged that a charge should be I made at the " metal," resulting in the discovery I that a line was attached to the bell-rope, and the I other end was pulled by some one or more two I paddocks off, but who such were it was not dis- I covered. 