CAVE ADULLAM. CABLEGRAM. From --j. T Ben. Blconsfield, Esq., Mr. C Adullm," Downing-street, :. Literary. Fossil, London., - Newcastle, N.i.W. I was sorry to hear, old son, of that row between the two Irish Aldermen the other day, although after all it is only an exem plification of the old axiom that " two suns cannot shine in the same hemis phere," and whether they be sons of Ireland or not, the saying is equally true. One thing surprises me about the shindy, that is that it took place before luncheon instead of after. This seems to me, although strange, something to be thank ful for. If thie "Three Star" or the " Battle Axe" or the "Bull Dog" brands had been knocking around before the "lick-spittle" business came on, the lick ing that Daniel got from Jack on Tuesday would have been nothing to whatit might have been, and more blood might have been shed than that which flowed from O'Coxxon's nose. When the A. L. read the telegram she asked me, of course, why they did not lock the two rowdies up. I had to remind her that they were both great guns, both aldermen, and both M.P's. "Yes," says she, "and I suppose J.P's. too." I said I was afraid they were. "Well then," said the A.L., "you can just wire to AuGUsTus to look well after them, and have their names struck off the list if they are on it. Why, if two of the Corporation labourers had been half as unruly, and only offered to fight in the presence of the Aldermen, they would have been run in at once, wouldn't they, DIzzY ? " Well, you see, I was obliged, CavE, to confess that they would, without the ghost of a squeak of getting off with out a fine. " Well then, DizzY," says she, " you can tell them from me that I am ashamed of them both, and that the least they can do is to fine themselves £10 each, and give the amount to the Irish and Glebe Distress Funds. It will be doing more good than going to law. The money will be better employed feeding the poor than in feeding the lawyers and public scandal." Well, I have hinted this to AUGUSTUS, and I expect he will tip them the wink. I suppose a nod is at good as a wink to a blind horse out your way, as it is here.-While I was put ting this to rights, in comes ALBERT EDwaRD in a rare temper, "Look here, ma," says be, "what's that jumping old swindler, the Ex--KIEDIVE of Egypt, been at now ? " Well, at this, I pricked up my ears, for I thought we had done with him when we packed him off to Italy, with a rattling good pension, and I wondered what was upi, whether he was going to have a row with his son, and try to get back again, or whether thler was any lady in the case; for, between, our selves, I am always rather nervous about the son of "the Father of our kings to be," but, thank goodness, it is not so bad as that. As soon as ALBERT EDWARD took breath and a little bitter beer, he explained himself. It appears that some years ago, when my noble KHEDIVE was supposed to. be O.K., and in full feather, highly respectable and all the rest of it, he made a present of a most splendid dinner service to ALBERT EDWaIRD, and every body went into fits (that is of joy) over such munificent liberality, the set being worth 100,000 francs. Of course ALBERT EDwArD and Mrs. A. E. especially, were delighted, and a grand dinner party was given to show it off, at which ISMAIL PAsmA, the ex Khedive was present. This is the pretty side of the picture. The other day, the firm that sold the service to ISMAIL PACSA (Al. Ginori of Florence) not having been fully paid for it up to the present day, sued this Egyptian Dodger for the balance 75,000 francs, or else to return the set. Well, thie old schemer hadn't got the money, swindlers never have, so the makers agreed to take the service back, and ALBERT EDWARD came to his ma to know what was to be done and thought perhaps it would be as well to pack it up and send it back again. " No no, not if I know it" said the A.L "Iam as old as he is. A gift is a gift and to give a thing and take a thing is the naughty man's plaything. Tell the makers that they must keep on sneing the profane old JEREMY DIDDLER till they get their balance. He has lhad enough out of Old England one way and another, and it is hard if he can't stand a twopenny halfpenny dinner service, I think. I do not mind putting my hand into JonN BULL'S pocket myself pretty deeply be cause I am one of the family and I don't think he minds it much, but I am not going to let him be got at by any body else if I know it. You keep thie service, ALBERT EDWARDn, and say no more about it, and if the firm get an order from Courg to seize the KHEDIvE for debt, Ihope they will carry it out. There." So with that ALBERT EDWARD went out, and I went out with him, pretending to speak to him about business, for I saw thle A. L. was getting cross. Tihe fact is she has been bothered about' that stupid son-in-law of hers, that LORNE. He has been making a fool of himself again, in Canada, and coming just after a man like DUFFERIN, wily it sticks out a great deal worse. He's took it into hlis head now that hIis Cabinet Ministers mus'nt have a day's holiday without reporting themselves to some Government House official. It would have been foolish enough if he had told them so himself, or even hinted it to them, but lhe sends them a written message by some paltry understrapper, and signed by anothler official, not even by the Governor-General himsell: Well, they hlave all got their backs up, and the A.L. heard of it, and there's been a rare bustoip over it, but thie A.L. does not like to show hima up for the sake of LouisE, but she has told him a bit of her mind privately, and I think my young Marquis won't be so perky when be.gets it as. he was wheui lie sent the letter to his Ministers. ::Of course I stuck up for the cloth, you know CAVE. It would never do to see any of the profession snubbed, even if they were only Canadian Cabinet Ministers.-I see your people had the key of the street the other night when they went to the Court house to hold a corroboree over the rail way from Sydney to the North. I'll say that for them, that if they are indifferent about their rights and privi leges, they are also very good-natured to take things as easily as they do. Had none of them pluck enough to ask the P.M. to trust them with the key, or were they all afraid he might :say to them, " I fancy I've seen you before." I hear that tie larrikins-when they saw the deluded ratepayers walking about dripping wet, offering up prayers for the Mayor and the P.M. after they found the Court House door locked-composed a copy of verses on the occasion to a well known tune, the chorus of which ran- fHeaven bless the P.MI. and the Mayor, Their heads together knock ; For treating u1 poor citizens Like Babies on the Block. Bye-bye, old man. Not a word about the pig. 