PROFESSOE PEPPER AT WALLAROO. ] The publicof Wallaroo have, daring tlie present week, been favored with one of the greatest intel lectual treats that has ever fallen to their lot. We refer to the two lectures delivered by Profes sor Pepper, in the Institute Hall. During the past 15 years there nave been numerous high class and other entertainments held at Wallaroo, but never do we remember, in one instance, where the attendance on the second evening, was larger^ th»n that of the first. Such, however, «ras the case with Professor Pepper's lectures. On Tues day evening the Hall was nearly full but there were but few in tbc gallery ; on Wednesday there was not an empty seat, either in gallery or halL Scientific lectures have, as a rule, been looked upon as very dry affairs, and in conse quence there was no small amoant of risk attend ing the action of the Committee in guaranteeing the lecturer £30 for the two lectures. We fe«l pleased that it turned out successfully, not so much from the fact that the Institute has avoided u loss, as the idea that such high class lectures are appreciated by our townspeople, such a fact says more for the people than could be written in a week. On Wednesday evening, after the intro ductory remarks the lea/ned Professor gave some ' proofs of the brilliant results of combustion, illusr j lustraiivc of the effect of tlie sun upon the i optics. At the saire time he explained the an noyanceto which Sir Isaac JJewton was subjected through being haunted by the" ghost"of the sun, owing to his having looked at it with the naked eye. The Professor further illustrated this '• Persistence of Vision," by darkening the Hall and then lighting a wetalic wire which gave a bright white light; with this he performed circles which could be distinguished long after the light was extinguished j even if the eyes were closed the circles still remained. The illustrations of the -marvellous color changes were loudly applauded, as were also the Professor's explanation and ex hibition of the late Sir.David Brewster's discovery of a method of reflecting the different pattern" of the Kalediscope on to a sheet, illustrated by Barker's Oxy- Hydrogen TCalesdipope. The cause of the Mirage intlie Desert was explained, and the Professor expressed his regret at not being in a. portion with his travelling instruments to give an illustration. The G-bost Illusion and Shadow Pantomime were explained. The first part of the lecture concluded with an amusing Magic Lantern illustration of "The Crawling Demons.' The second part of the entertainment was e: * titled a visit to Cloudland, which 'Professor Pepper rendered - QOt only instructive, but entertaining, from the amusing anecdotes and witicisms^whieli he introduced. Magic Lantern iUastrations wiere given of the numerous flying . machines which had been, attempted, as ^Iso- the• risks attending bal loon ascents. |3?he Professor gave a. touching account of the ascent tnade, for scientific pur poses, 'by Tissandier vlb iriiii two others, 'vent np a distance of some* seven and a balf miles from the eariu when tliey became insensible. It was never k'n&wri;" tow, they came down, but when found tbej were all thought to be dead. Tissandir, however, recovered, and being an Ar tist, the view that was represented was from his own pencil. Some excellent illustrations of the beuties of Cloudland were given. Altogether the entertainment was most successful and at the conclusion Professor Pepper thanked those pre sent for the interest they bad taken in the lectures, as evinced by the fact of there being a tnucb larger audience on the second evening than was present at the first lecture. He said lie would endeavour to give another lecture, as had been desired, bat" if time would not allow be hoped that at some future date be would meet them again. 