THE GREAT NORTHERN MEETING. [By Tbuhpatob.1 As might have been expected, the Great Northern Sleeting, coming jast after a good harvest, has resulted most successfully, the attendance being beyond all anticipations; and now that the Club have received such sub stantial proof of the popularity of racing in the North, 1 hope they will take care at their future meetings to provide better accommodation for their visitors. The Stand is a disgrace to the North, and visitors from Ade laide, who had been given to understand that extensive improvements in the arrangements had been made, were astonished on arriving at the course to find that the building consisted simply of a number of rows of seats, the edifice being without a roof and pro viding no shelter from the scorching rays of the sun. The fact is the Ciub were so disappointed with their acceptances that they did not feel justified in inourring any expense for the benefit of their visitors but now that they see the public are with them I have no doubt Mr. A. S. Murray and his fellow- workers will display a more liberal spirit in thfs direction, and spend some of the profits arising from the meeting just over in putting a cover to the building. Dnring the two days there could not have been less than 7,000 persons present, about 4,000 of whom paid for admission to the enclosure; and I have never seen a race meeting in the colony graced by the presence of so many ladies. Most of the Adelaide folk travelled by rail and coach, but some few, like myself, went by the Emu, and this can be recommended as the best way of making the journey, the trip being a most enjoyable one. Ton escape all the fatigues and bustle which necessarily accompanies a long journey by coach. From Port Pirie we were conveyed by rail to Gladstone, which was found to be full of people bound to the races. At Mullet's splendid hotel all the sporting community were assembled, and here we learnt for the first time that Timberoo was a starter for the Steeplechase ; and it was evident, from the anxiety displayed by certain well-informed individuals to back him in doubles with the Handicap favourites, that the horse's chance was held in good estimation. The drive to the course is an unpleasant one on account of the dust, but hundreds of traps made the journey without accident, though there were several near squeaks, and on the second day a four - wheeled buggy came to grief, fortu nately without injuring any of the occupants. On arriving at the ground Mr. Barnard waB found hard at work with the new totalizator, for which a box had been erected adjoining the telegraph office. The machine seems a most simple contrivance, and did its work during the two days without a hitch; hut Mr. Barnard was rather short-handed, or the Club might have made a larger profit than they did. As it was, however, the percentage amounted to about £260. The rate charged was, at least, 2?r too much, and at future meetings of the Club 6 per cent, will be fonnd quite enough _ to clear working expenses and put a fair profit ijto the funds. When the Bill was passed it was in tended to benefit the public, not Racing Clubs; and as, indirectly, the management receive a good round sum from persons for the privilege of entering the enclosure which they would not get if it were not for the presence of the totali zator, they might well exercise a little more libe rality in this direction than was shown by the Great Northern Club. Another cause of grum bling was the high price charged for lanch. Last week, at Clare, a most excellent spread waB pro vided for 2s. 6(1., but at Laura no less than 7s. 6d. was asked, and many preferred to go without rather than submit to such imposi tion. The running track is a remarkably good ODe, and has besn altered in shape since laBt year so as to obviate a rather sharp turn. Not much interest was centred in the first two races, as both were regarded and proved mere exercise canters for the grand little Totalizator. All race-goers are familiar with the " make and shape" of this little wonder, and it is unneces sary to describe him. Suffice to say that he is perfection in every way, and the only thing which can be urged against him is that he is a good little horse instead ot a good big one. He was bred by Mr. Richard Holland at Turretfield, and was purchased by Mr. Simeon Barnard last season together with Rothschild lor a very small Bum, and appears likely to prove a little gold mine to Johnny Hill. Unfortunately for Mr. Holland Bluegown died before his re putation as a sire was so fnlly established by his two splendid sons, Pawnbroker and . Totalizator. The Handicap proved a great race, as, putting aside the local candidate, who was out of his element in such company, the other four were " all of a heap" quarter of a mile from heme. "Viceroy was the first to crack, and at the distance Pawnbroker's condition failed him, and he retired, leaving Electricity and Mountaineer to fight it out, the black, who was in the lead all the way, winniDg all out by a neck. The success of Electricity was very . popular, 'Bill coming in for congratulations on all sides; and well he deserved them. He bought the horse for a song last September, when every one considered him worthless, and the trouble he has gone to in getting him to the pust richly deserved the reward it has met with. Since the weights appeared for this race the horse bsB been steadily prepared for it, bis trainer naturally considering that such a chance of landing a big stake with the son of The Barb not likely to occur again. All went well until about two months ago, when the horse pulled up very queer, and it was feared he would not stand the work. A few days' spell, however, and plenty sea-bathing put the leg right again, and since _ then any one visiting the Morphettville Course in the morning might have seen Electricity —no matter how hard the ground was—rattling aloDg at his best pace, and pulling up as souud aB a bell afterwards. The way in which the finish was fought out must have been very satis factory to Mr. Hughes. It is true that the horse selected by many as the good thing of the Handicap when the weights appeared won, but it was only after' a great struggle, and another five pounds on his back would have abcut turned the scale. Those foolish enough to swear by the Glare runniug were much surprised at the position occupied by Viceroy, who affords another proof that no horse short of work can stand a true-run two mile race. He went very sore in his prelimi nary canter, and I never saw a horse more dis tressed on pulling np. The gentlemanly Pawnbroker bad had a spell since Glare, and could have aoout won at a mile and a half, but in making a crackiDg pice through out Johnny Kilduff effectually disposed of the chances of both Mr. Moore's colt and Viceroy. A lot of interest surrounded the Hurdle Race, four of the horses befog much fancied. The grand-looking Miss Ban ter's coat shone like satin, but she had been fretting badly, and does not show her true form away from home. The Abdallah party were very confident about their horse, for whom a rider from Victoria had been imported; and Mr. K. 8. Low, into whose hands old Jack's the Lad came after the Onkaparinga Meeting, be lieved that his horse must, on his Hurryskurry running at C'are, have more than an outside show, whilst the clever little Gitana was not without friends. Miss Banter and Jack made strong running for a mile and a half, when the mare, who was beaten, ran off a hurdle and took Barrister with her. This left Jack with the lead, but Gitana, very patiently ridden, caught him in the straight, and would, I fancy, have just won had he not shirked the last jump Oamel, who was outpaced in the first mile, was thus enabled to I get second place, and Watson, his rider, orf returning to weigh entered a protest agaiost the winner for missing a jump, but as the Stewards could see with their own eyes that tfcs horse took every hurdle no time was lost in dismissing the objection. Beauch∓ and the other riders called admitted that Jack jumped the wings, so that Watson's protest was not so frivolouB as was at first imagined. The All- aged Stakes afforded convincing proof of Totalizator's superiority. He was opposed by Pawnbroker and Alethe, and, getting away very badly, appeared quite outpaced for the first half of the journey, but coming into the straight he ran through his horses in grand style, and disposed of Pawnbroker at the finish in a style that will not soon be forgotten by those who witnessed it. The dust on the second day was a caution. Driving to the coarse it was perfectly blinding, many traps having to pnll up for fear of a collision, it being simply impossible for the drivers to see across the road, and had it not abated as the afternoon advanced a postpone ment of the Steeplechase would have been rendered necessary. Totalizator won the Maidens, as was expected; but only the last half of the race was seen from the Stand, the dust being so thick that no one knew the hors68 had been started until they were discovered coming into the straight. With an ad van tag a of 6 lb. in the weights, Mountaineer, who was splendidly ridden by Gampbell, just did Elec tricity and Kilduff in the Autumn Handicap, and then the Steeplechase came on for decision. The fact of the fences having been lowered was considered a great bar to the success of the good jumpers, such as Ked Iron, Ligbtfoot, Tancred, &c.;, and as Gunn was not fit to ran the race presented a most open appearance, limberoo's breeding and well-trained appearance found him plenty of friends, and the anxiety of the clever party who have charge of him to back bim stamped him as dangerous; but his long hollow back made many think he would not be able to get the distance safely. Tancred seemed teo small to have the ghost of a show; but all the others had their admirers, and more interest and uncertainty surrounded the race than any previously run in South Australia. The idea ex pressed by many that Sleight of Hand is short sighted, and would not be able to fence in the dust, was favoured when he j umped right into the first obstacle and rolled over. Gunn baulked at the same jump, and at the second Lightfoot took off so close that he struck with his knees, and though the clever little bay made a great effort to recover himBelf he came down on his head and knees. The race was won from end to end by Timberoo, none of his opponents having the ghost of a show with him Once in the race, however, he struck hard that his recovering - himBelf seemed impossible, and had the Stewards done their duty and prevented Watson from riding, the race might bave resulted differently, as perhaps not one man in a hundred would have stuck to the saddle as the " rusticated" artist did. With Timberoo out of the way, Ivanhoe would have wou easily, aDd the Wentworth Handicap favourite's appearance on the scene at the eleventh houi was very hard lines for Mr. Low. The Areas Handicap weights were very badly apportioned, the race being made a piesent to Pawnbroker, to whom Mr. Hughes asked Viceroy to concede a stoDe; but the Forced Handicap was, as far as the weighting of Electricity and Mountaineer, as good a handicap as the other was bad. The two ran a ding-dong race from start to finish, and old Mountaineei, having the inside place end running a bit straightcr than the black at the finish, just gained the verdict by a head. 