THE STORY-TELLE..? M:y Husband's Friend. Fxoat MIss BRIADoz's "M rISTLETOE CHAPTER I. (Continued.) " Not I." ansei ered Max, " society and I parted company lopg ago. I daresay we might findeit p?leasa'nt \- to see a few clever::people in: a quiet way-now and then, if we had room and could afford it';' but. dinner parties, coolkery, wine." Mr. Arce decne shakes, his head. "iDo you think of: going out this evening?' . "Y'es,"'says Vin ;." please untie this'napkin, will you? I am to go to the shopl andbuy. a top end-a whip, and then we are going to the market garden to bay flowers." " Indeed !" ' says Max ; and who, may.I inquire, is to pay for a!l these luxuries ?' ".Yoi are! . A groan. " Are you so very hard up, then ?" questionis Gertrude ruefully, Mr. Arcedecne's right hand seeks his waiscoat pbcket, brings out sthree shillings, a fourpenny bit, a stumpy pencil; aud a toothplek, and lays them ina:rbw on the table. "There!" says he. .. Silence. : *What' are you to do'?"1 "Doi't'tilk so loud.' Thait. gifl will hear you. .It'll be all .right to marrow. Mrs.:Peters -will send me a cheque to-morrow.' :"She told me so.- 'he had to ,go out. Have you floweres, if you like!' !" : ". But the top.?" says Vin,: "and the whip ?" " Oh, never minld about them," says Gertrude; ' dada's tired. He does not want to go for a great walk to-night-only just to potter about and' smell good smells. You shall have 'both to-morrow, I proimise you. W'.n't that do'? . Vio looks dubious. "Come," encouragingly, "get on your hat." Yin frowns. '" But why ?" says he, fingering a waistcoat button, .? why are you so poor; dada? Why can't I have things like other boys?"' " Oh; Vin !" says his mother.. Max laughs. '"Why, indeed i" eohoes he;i "be cause 'I and the world don't happen to think alike, Isuppose. Sad isn't it ?"' Gertrude pushes back her chair. "' in," exclaims she, "you are a very naughty, ungrateful child. Do you think meat, and bread, and'boots, and clothes are to be had for nothing ? I am ashamed of you, sir; quite ashamed! : .' •' Poor old fellow !" smiles Max compassionately, for Vin betrays awakened sensibility;" he didn't .mean any harm, did you, old man? There, we wolint: cry, because that's babyish; we'll go and have a look at the wallflowers, and the jonquils, and the daffydown dillies, and try to forget a little."'.;: : Vin sighs, lays his head on a obheck ed shoulder.. ' To-morrow 1" says he; "I wish it was to- morrow !" CHAPTER II ., .. "WHAT areyougoiing to:do:to- da, inquires Mrs. Aroedeche,. 'breakfa?t being over, :and Max deep ;in the 7alegraap..?. Last Sunday was Show Sunday; Syoduknow what that'means. He is a little anxious, moieover, to know what the geniuses have been about; all these grand; prosperous, 'patron-hunt ed geniuses.' "Well," s'ys he,-Mrs. Peter has kept her promise,-the three and four pence, and stumpy pencil, and tooth pick'have got othe two pounds two shillings, the' exact money value o'f some six hours, spread over as many weeks, of leaden toil to keep them company; I think I shall stay in this morning. It is possible that this girl I told'you about may make her-:ap pearance l" Mrs. Arcedecne picks a yellow leaf off a pelargonium. "I see," says she; what time do you :expect her ?" ; "Not any time. So Parrot has finished another lanidaoape, the' sanie size as ' Gre'at Silence.' I suppose it will 'send people into fits,-why ? Because.Parrot has 'no .feeling for landscape, and never will have; :it isn't in him. He is well enough in the nurtery aand schoolroom; out' of doors he is .imply ridiculous !" "'But he makes money !" "Oh, yes, He makes money, 'so. does thd butcher, and the baker, and the candlestickmaker,"-a little sour ly-"That is not art !" Gertrude is silent-watches Vin who trundles a smart green and red wheel. barrow down the walk. Vin is mighty spruce this morning in a blue serge suit and striped stockings" " How nicely that fits him !"says she presently; "ever so much better than I his brown holland. But he is so thin. Max, you have no i3ea how thin he is. You can see all his ribs through his skin. If only he could go to the sea side," and a sigh. "ilf only-if only-', Mr. Arcedecne turns the paper catches sight of " Royal Italian Opera." A new singer was to deb~er last night, a singer of whom great things are expected-more success, more fame, more prosperity. "Yes," says he, "that would be an advantage. Perhaps we might be able to find someone who would take him in at Bamsgate, or Margate, or DovercourtJ-aomeone with whom he could board, you know." " What! all alone ?" exclaims Ger ·trude, quick. with consternation, " send the poor thing away to stran gers! What can you be thinking of? Whey he would break his heart" -indignation mingling with dismay. :'"My dear,''" smiles Max, " why be so vehement ? I merely made the suggestion. You were lamenting that the child could not have sea air, and I endeavoured to hit upon some plan by means of which he might have it. Of course, what I should like would be for all three of us to get a change. It would do us all good. But that is impossible, out of the question-unless some wonderful piece of good luck should befall one -which I am afraidmust not be reckoned on 1" G`ertrude smiles-bitterly. She does not look too bright this morning; quite neat and well put together but not bright- not as she looked, for instance, when dressing Vin yester day evening. " Alas, no!" says he, "we are not lucky people. Nothing even hap pened to me by chance, I think. I have alwtays foreseen, and arranged for, and horoughly understood every thing. Why won't you try again, though ?" "' No," says Max, " no! No, I shall bide my time. I shall have my innings some day. Meanwhile, patience. After all it .might be worse. You see I have the promise of fresh pupfile, and Mrs. Peters wants. me to get: up a sketching class?" " But it is such drudgery, and for man of ybur education, with your pbwers-Max, it makes me miser a.ble. Honestly, it does. Last night Ilaid awake, I don't know how long, thinking of it all-thinking of how much better off you might be but for us; we are such burdens; we make a slave of yon !" and the good, candid face waxes woeful-the young bosom heave s. " Gertrude," Max, " how often have I told you that you are not to talk like that I Do I mind work ?.Do I ever grumble ?" SA shake of the head. " Then, hold your tongue. I know what suits me. I know that I would lrather be a drawing master to the end of my days than sacrifice principle to expediency. I believe one thing; the public, the press, the popularities be lieve another ; so be it. It will not be so always!" Gertrude sighs. ' "Yes," says she, "you are san guine !" "Because I know !" Silence. ".Well," observes she at leagth, " I must go and see about dinner. What would you like? Vin ought to have a walk, andithere is that top to bebought. If you will say, we will go and get it!" " Oh, anything, it Idoesn't matter. By-the-bye, how should you like to go to the theatre this evening ?" ' Gertrude seems to consideir-looks pleased .: - * . .;| ' " Yin would go too,"' says she at length. " Yes, if you don't miind the trouble of looking after him.;: He behaves pretty well though; I must say.''" ' "I should think he did," is the lofty rejoinider; "he's the very best boy ,ever seen or heard of. Ar'n't you;, my angel ?" the angel happening 'to present himself at that instant, his hat at the back of his head, his cheeks crimson, his mouth bleeding.- his general appearance indicative of dis aster. ' . ' : I Doesn't look much like an angel now," observes Mr. Arcedeone with a sudden dryness. : "It's thatRoughie!" exclaims the scarified ; " he has knocked me down and jumped on me, and smashed my barrow-wheel-beastly Roughis 1. I hate Roughie. Have him .killed. Do . You will, won't'you?" "Rubbish !" : : " But:he has broken my barrow wheel - my beautiful new :barrow wheel!" outragedly. S" Look here," says Max, catching hold of a lean arm. " What do you think is going to be doine with you?" Yin gasps. ; " You're going to be taken to the play. There, that's better than any barrow wheels, isn't it" ." : . : SBubnshine again. S"'What, now this very moment?" "No, this evening." " And shall I see horses? and will the-people jump through hoops ?"'. The wife looks at the husband-the husband looks at the boy. "Max did not "mean 'that,", thinks Ger trude. ' " Oh, you do not want to see horses.l" says'she. . . "'Yes, I do'!" persists Yin, " horses and monkeys, and the man who wears a n,ghteap and frills, and puts out his tongue-the funny man.'"' . Max laughs. ' " Yery," says he, "your taste .shall be gratified. We willgo toSanger's; that will delight him. Poor old fel low, you don't often get a treat, do yoiu !" taking the boy on his knee. " Neither do you,'" smiles Gertiude. "How good you are-h~ow good! Come along, Yin; we are going to buy dada something nice for his dinner-a chicken, a fine fat chicken. You shall.choose it. Come." Down scrambles Yin in hot haste. Max laughs. "I say;" says he, as they vanish, "don't be longer than you need. I've got a:sort of rooted conviction that this girl will come this morning." "Very well," says Gertrude. "Let me see your mouth, vin. You must have fallen on a stone." "Yes," says Vin, "I did. I did fall on a stone. Roughie can't go to the play, though-Roughie can't buy a fowl-and he sha'n't have any Dones. No, not any-not, tho very littlest, weeliest." "Oh, fie!" rebukes Mrs. Arcedecne. "That is not at all pretty. What if dada were to treat us like that? If when we are cross, and sulky, and disagreeable, he were to say ' Just let me get some money, see if they shall have any of it; let me have a chance of enjoying myself, catch me telling them.' How should we like that I" brushing the velvet collar of a grey greatcoat. Vin is quelled. "Are you ever cross, and sulky, and disagreeable, then ?" inquires he at length, fingering the pine in the pincushion. "Yes," promptly; "often very cross, and very sulky, and very dis agreeable ; and now," with a kiss, "you are ready, so you may run down and ask Isabella to give you a fish basket, and then go and wait in the garden till I come. I shall not be long. It is a fine morning; we shall have a nice walk. I wish dada would come too !" "Why does he not ?" " Because he expects a visitor." Mrs. Arcedecne's outdoor raiment would seem to betoken a body of a homogeneous turn of mind, given to congurity. In her wardrobe hangs no sealskin, no nice, pretty, well-fitting velvet jacket, flounced with skunk, or silver fox, or the fami liar sable, not even a braided cash mere, or a beaded Moirasse; nothing but a plain navy blue coat, and a black cloak trimmed with cheap lace -the sort of lace you see exhibited on blue paper in third-rate drapers' win. dows atone and elevenpence three farthings per yard, the one very visible and the elevenpence three far things scarcely visible at all. But these people are poor. Surely you must know that. Theirs is a painful life. Not a wish gratified, not a hope justified, not a ghost of a chance, apparently, of hopes ever being realised. From morning till night, week's end to week's end, nothing but want, anxiety, dull, dumb-foundering, carking care. "God !" has groaned Maximilian Arcedecne before now within himself, " would it not be better to end it at once-give up-put an end to it at once-have done and go ?" " But there is Gertrude, there is the boy." "They are badly.enough off as it s," reasons this much-tired gentle= man; "they would be worse off then. God knows what would be come of them. No, one must hold on." And so he does'hold on; holds on manfully, with the stout grip of one who knows that to let go means destruction. But it ts hard. The strained muscles ache sometimes, the tense nerves quiver. If he can but last out-if he can but last out I 