TOWN TALK. Our usual fortnightly summary will bo j published to-morrow. Our cable news this morning states that tho troops and populace in Cabul have revolted against the Aincer's authority, and that the Afghan capital is now in a state of anarchy. The land agitation in Ireland is spreading, and additional troops are being despatched to the disturbed districts. The budget Bpeech was delivered last night in the Assembly by tho Treasurer to a full House, the galleries being crowded. As we expected, the Treasurer announced that new excise duties would be imposed upon beer and tobacco, and the proposal was ac cepted by Mr Service for the Op position, on the understanding that it should be coveted by an interim bill for two months, the datie3 to be remitted in the event of the whole bill not finally pass ing. The Budget debate was adjourned to Thursday. The Census Bill has passed the Council. We notice by the estimate that tho taking of the census on this occasion will cost £1S,000. ' The Legislative Council is inclined to be restive under the proposed reduction of salaries to officers of that House, Sir Charles Sladen having given notice for the appointment of a select committee ou the subject. In the Conncil last night the Totalisator Bill was read a first time, and the second reading was made an order of the day for Wednesday next. A petition against the bill, Bigued by 400 clergymen and church officers, was presented by thehon. J. Lorimer; Mr Patterson last night, in answer to a question about Christmas aud New Year's railway excursion fares, said tho Exhibition excursion tickets would be from the country to Melbourne only, but the ordinary holi day excursion arrangements would not be changed. As many as 284 farmers presented a peti tion to the Assembly yesterday, in favor of an increase of duties upon grain. The wool sales season was opened yester day afternoon at Mack's Hotel. There was a largo attendance of buyers, representing English, American, and foreign houses, and the sales were spiritedly conducted. Four brokers catalogued close on 4000 bales of wool, tho greater portion of which was readily disposed of. The wools exhibited were excellent in texture, und there was soma keen competition for many of tho lots offered. On the whole the prices obtained for tho clips put up for auction were superior to those ruling this time last year. The highest price obtained for washed wool was 2s 2d per lb., 13Jd being obtained for greasy merino, and 13jjd for greasy cross bred wools. It has now been definitely ascertained that tho total loss to the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company, through the flood in September, will amount to .£12,000. It is more than likely that a claim on the Government will be made, for alleged damage by tho flood waters being kept back by the railway embankment at the Breakwater. On Monday afternoon, the directors ofjthe Clifton Mineral Springs Company made their first official inspection of the company's works. All the directors were present, with the exception of Mr W. Higgins, who was detained in Sandhurst attending legal busi ness.' The operation of bottling the mineral waters, consisting of seltzer, soda, and apnl* liuaris, proved very interesting, as also the examination of the springs from which the various waters, charged with their natural gases, bubbled .upwards clear as crystal. The manager of tho works fully explained the method of collecting the gas, conveying it to tho gasometer, and the operation of charging and bottling. Tho supply of mineral water appears to be unlimited, and as it has been pronounced to be a whole some summer boverage, and there is a strong demand setting in, the company intond obtaining a gasometer of larger capacity. After tho inspection a meeting of the directors was hold, when amongst other matters dealt -with was tho appointment of on agent for the sale and delivery of the waters in Geelong, Mel bourne, Ballarat, Colac, Queenscliff, etc. The prospects of tho company appear to bo very encouraging. We understand that Sergeant Gorman, who has been stationed in Geelong for some years, has tendered his resignation as a mem mer of tho police force. ?Much inoonvcnionco is being felt by the country residents who have beon in the habit of using the bridges over the river at Ceres and Pollookaford, owing to the great delay in repairing tho damages occasioned by the flood in Septembor. The ship Loch Maree cleared out at tho Cus tom House yesterday afternoon for London. She takes as passengers Mrs J. M'Intyre and Messrs D. M'Haffie and Jno. Hunter. The vessel has also a cargo of 8240 bales of wool, shipped as follows:-Alford and Co., 2445 ; Dennys, Lascelles and Co., 625; Strachan, Murray, Shannon and Co., 1104; Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Co., 2736; Geo. Hague and Co., 10; G. Synnot and Co., 148; S. Harding and Co., 102; Dalgety, Ibbotson and Co., 648; Australian Agency and Banking Co., 202; Peyton, Dowling and Co., 43; Austin and Bullivant, 177. The Loch Maree has also the following miscellaneous cargo: 27 bales pelts, G. Hague and Co.; 53 do leather, E. F. Haworth; 31 do basils, Strachan,Murray, Shannon and Co.; 26 do skins; J. Sanderson Co.; 16 do, Alford and Co.; 3 do hair, Al ford and Co.; 660 cases meats, Alford and Co.; 3 portmanteaus, personal effects, Jno. M'Keddie. Measles of a very malignant type are non prevalent in the Little Kiver district. Prom what our correspondent has been enabled to gather it would appear that the presence of the dreaded contagion is owing to the wilful carelessness of a shearer named Duggan, re sident at West Geelong. Leaving his home while two of his children were laid up with the measles, he proceeded to the shearing at the Mt.Rothwell estate (Mr It. Chirnside's), which commenced about a fortnight back. From the very beginning of the shearing Duggan appeared to be suffering from some occult complaint, as tho results afterwards proved, he being seized by tho malady from which his children were suffering when he left town. Duggan was at once isolated from his comrades, and every precaution taken by Mr Mathew, the manager of the estate, to prevent the spreading of tho disease. On his recovery Duggan returned home, and for a week all went well, the shearers congratulating each other on their lucky es. cape from the epidemic, but, alas, that " the best laid schemes of mice and men, etc.," was again borne out, for on Sunday last no fewer than seven of them were simulta neously struck down by the measles in their most virulent form, Monday and yesterday adding to the number of the stricken. Last week being showery and bleak, tho suf ferers all have colds in addition to their other ailments, thus accounting, no doubt, for the severity of the attack. The shearers affected are parents of families, and elder sons of households, and, as all reside in tho locality, the plague is certain to reign throughout the district during the incoming summer. Shear ing operations at Mr- Chirnside's estate are almost patalysed, only five shearers having OBcaped the disease referred to. The stand-pipe at Fyansford, which was erected by the Corio Shire Council under the belief that the Bannockburn Council would pay half the cost, has been dismantled, the taps having been removed. This is owing to tho Bannockburn Council having re fused to contribute to the expenses. As ratepayers ill the Shire of Bannockburn availed themselves of a supply of fresh water in the summer months, the action of the Council appears a little strange. Yesterday, the flag of the Geelong West Borough Council was flying at half- mast, as a token of respect to C'r. Hobljs, whoso second eldest daughter, Miss Lizzio Agnes Hobbs, died on Monday night. We.under stand that the young lady died from rheu matism of the heart, a "complaint sho had previously suffered from. Another batch of a dozen male prisoners arrived from Melbourne yesterday by the mid-day train, and they were taken to the Geelong gaol. Nearly all the prisoners were decrepit, repulsive creatures. There was one exception, however, and that was the celebrated swindler who victimised a num ber of metropolitan jewellers under tho name of Dr. Bonnefin. He was respec tably attired in dark clothes, and wore a black belltopper hat, and looked quite smart. Messrs F. A. Mandeville and A. M'Naughton, Government and local audi tors respectively for the Wyndham Shire Council, concluded their labors of the past year's audit of the sliire accounts on Friday last. The audit was a very searching one, every item being scrutinised with the greatest care, the proceedings occupying three official days. The accounts stood the test to a fraction, the treasurer (Mr P. J. Nolan) being favorably reported for his neat, simple, and very lucid method of book-keep ing. The auditors, however, disagreed with the practice of the rate collector in using old and partly used receipt books of past years in collecting rates for current years. I In their report they begged to suggest to the Council the advisability of using special assessment and rate receipt books for tho assessment and collection of each year's rates. Formal meetings in the insolvency estates of William Doble, boot and shoemaker, of Drysdale, and Edward Mauchee, laborer, of Colac, were held yesterday before Mr Hut chinson, chief clerk of the Insolvency Court. There were no creditors present, no debts proved, and the meeting closed. The Mayor and Mr Reeves, J.P., presided at the Police Court yesterday. Lizzie Murray, tho aboriginal who was charged the other day with being drank and disorderly, was brought up again for a similar offence. .When asked by the Bench how it was that she had so soon repeated the offence, she mado a very voluble but quite unintelligible statement. She was fined 20s,or 14 days in default. A deaf man named Henry Lyons was brought up for drunkenness, and his seedy appearance did not belie the state ment of the arresting constable. As it was his first offence he was discharged. James M'Donald was charged similarly, and pleaded guilty. He was discharged with a caution. Henry Appleton was charged with being absonfc without leave from tho British ship Merope. As Captain Suther land did not appear to prosecute, tho man was accordingly discharged. James M'ln tosh was brought up for being absent with out leave from the Loch Maree, and pleaded guilty. Captain Scott was willing to take M'Intosh back, and the bench discharged the prisoner. M'Intosh was, however, charged with having assaulted Constable Caulfield, who had arrested him, and he was fined 10s, in default three days ' imprisonment. A valuable trotting horse, owned by Mr K. Hodges, tlio brewer, was maliciously sliot on Sunday evening whilst grazing in a pad dock at Moolap belonging toMrT. Sutterby. Tho horse, which was worth £25, was wanted on the Monday, and when the ow ner sent for the animal it could not bo found. A trail of blood was tracked along the grass for the distance of a mile and a half, and at one end of the paddock the dead body of tho horse was discovered, where it had appa rently fallen through weakness from the loss of blood. The Mechanics' Institute Debating Society held its usual weekly meeting last evening in the class room. Constituencies were well represented, and the motion of the hon member for Geelong (Mr Connor) relative to tho present and future prosperity of the town was further discussed. Tho hon. mem ber for Normanby (Mr Hoare), in an able speech, condemned the action of a small sec tion of the Town Council in obstructing the utilisation of the exhibition building. Tho debate was then adjourned till Monday evening next. A mooting of the residents of Chilwoll wa8 held on Monday evening, for tho purpose of arranging for the establishment of a free library in that portion of the borough of Newtown and Cbilwell. A site for the pro posed library was not definitely fixed upon, but we understand that a sum of £30 has been' obtained in money and promises to wards the formation of the library, :' A very amusing incident occurred in th0 woolslied attheMt. Kotlnvell station on Mon day last. Ouo of the shearers, fearing an attack of the uieasles now DO prevalent in that locality, daubed his uose and face with [ a liberal application of tar as :a" preventive, j The unsightly spectacle ho presented pro voked the laughter and merriment of his companions. Ho of the tar, however, with the confidence of Milner Stephen, advised them to nurse their merriment, assuring them that, uulesa they followed his example, " the boot would bo soon on the other leg." The hnlf-ycarly muster of the stock de pasturing on the You Yangs farmers' com mon took place the other day. The number branded and passed as commons cattle was rather under that of the previous muster, ] In comparison with the stock in the adjoin ing paddocks, the cattle on tlio common looked in a very healthy and thriving condi. tion. Water is plentiful, and the grass is far beyond anything that has been seeu at any time during the past three or four years. It may be noted, also, that the rab bits do not now seem so numerous, owing perhaps partly to tho late heavy floods, and to the presence of several trapping parties. The fee for depasturing stock has been reduced to 4s per annum, dating from this muster. The weather yesterday was very dis agreeable; A hot wind blew nearly all day, and clouds of dust were driven along the streets, to the discomfort of pedestrians and annoyance of shopkeepers. Towards even ing the atmosphere becime cooler, and tho sky was obscured with dark, threatening clouds, and at eight o'clock heavy showers of rain followed a violent dust storm from the south-west. The United Public Schools' sports meoting will bo held on the East Melbourne Cricket ground on Friday next. The Geelong Gram mar School, who at present hold tho Chal lenge Cup, will be well represented, and we hope they will succeed in retaining it. The Challenge Cup was presented by Professor Andrew and Dr. Lawrence, to be held by the school securing the greater number of points at the annual meeting. It has almost become a proverb in Geo long that the arrival of Bcnhamo's English Circus is the signal for wet weather, and last evening the experience of its two pre vious visits was repeated. The rain mili tated strongly against the attendance of tho public, but, nevertheless, a very good programme was gone through spiritedly, and afl'orded evident enjoyment to the rather small house that had assembled. The company is composed of the sam° performers in horsemanship, ground and lofty tumbling, juggling, etc., as formerly, so that wo need add nothing to previous notices, oxcept to say that all were in excellent form and that one or two new feats were intro duced. Tho afterpiece performed was en titled "Tho Ghost," and it served to send tho audience away in good humor. To-night the company will appear at Birregurra, and will start thence -on a tour of the western district. It was rumored in Maryborough on Mon day that Inspector Burton's place at Geelong would be filled by Inspector Beaver. There are about fifty cases of measles in Maryborough, none uf them, however, being of a serious type. Some of the cattle on the Mount Cole Common, near Ararat, are suffering from pleuro-pneumouia. The proposal of the Minister of Railways to issue excursion tickets to Melbourne only during the ensuing holidays is evoking much unfavorable comment in the country press. The return ball to tho Mayor of Mel bourne, Mr Meares, took place at the town hall ou Monday night, aud passed off most successfully. Over 1200 persons were pre sent. The Orient Company's new steamer, now in course of construction for the Australian trade, will be larger than the Orient, and when uuder full steam it is expccted she will attain a speed of 17 knots. Tho overland traffic from New South Wales and Queensland to Melbourne on ac count of the races has been so extensive that the coaching accommodation is insuffi cient. The -Aiork IFcrahl Bays that Mrs Emiline Winana, a lady of 43 years of age, died recently at her home, No 179, Newton street, Newark, N.J., after having been absolutely without food for 4G days. The total collection for Hospital Sunday in the Echuca churches this year amounted to £il Is 7d, whilst last year the sum was £64 10s 7d. At Casllemaine £50 was col lected last Sunday for the local hospital. An old man residing near Greta, who ren dered valuablo assistance to the police during the hunt for the Kelly?, has had to leave his selection for fear of his life, and is making application to the Government for compensa tion. His case (says the JSallarat Star) is a very deserving one. It is intended to call a public meeting at Portland to strengthen the hands of the Go vernment iu the matter of the Branxholmc to Casterton railway. It is also proposed to hold meetings in Casterton aud other towns with the same view. The Hamilton Spectator writes :-A gen tleman who has been on a visit to Mr Albert Austin's estate during the shearing, says he saw a four-tooth Lincoln that yielded 22 lbs of wool, and another, a hogeet, that pro duced 25 lbs. Wo should think this would be hard to beat anywhere. The body of a male infant was found on Sunday night by a nightman named How son, in a closet attached to the Hobson's Bay Railway ' Station. The body was wrapped in calico. Whether infanticide has been committed or tho child was stillborn is not known. Notwithstanding tho repeated warnings which the newspapers furnish to persons going to the metropolis about, carrying large sums of money with them while there, some men rush foolishly into the danger! Michael Burman was robbed of £340 in notes in tho Horse and Jockey lane, off Little Bourko street, on Saturday night, while in a state of intoxication. ° A meeting called by the trade'societieswas held on Monday night in the Supreme Court reserve, Melbourne, and about 1000 people attended. The object of tho meeting was to express disapproval of tho action of the Commissioners in closing tho Exhibition at night. Mr Chas. Fuller was in tho chair, and Mr Mirams, M.L.A., was the principal speaker. A condemnatory resolution was agreed to. Mr Castieau, tho acting Inspector-General of Penal Establishments, visited the quarries near Pentridge Stockade on Saturday, and inspected the spot from which the two pri soners, Tully and Jewell, escaped. He came to the conclusion that tho facilities for escape' afforded by the Datural formation of "the creek wore such as to relieve tho warders in charge from all blame, and that a stronger guard was nccessary. Speaking of the.removal of the foundation stone of the old Charlie Napier theatre at Ballarnt, which was laid about 20 years ago, the Courier says that the state in which the bottle's contents were found shows that plac ing scrolls or papers of any sort under foun dation-stoncs with the idea that, a hundred years or so after the building has been erected, its origin could bo traced by exa mining the contents of the bottle, is to the last degree imaginary and delusive. The young man named George Yates, late clerk to Mr Stoddart, sharebroker, for whom an extradition warrant was issued about a week since-Yates being at the time in New South Wales-was arrested on Monday afternoon at his parents' residence, Ballarat, by Detective Hyland, and taken to the City lock-up, from whence he was immediately afterwards bailed out by Messrs. Blarney aiul W. Scott, before Mr II. Gtenny, J.P., in two sureties of £100 each. Yates re turned in compliance with a telegram sent him by hia father. A singular race took place at a recent annual regatta in Shetland, Shetland women aro noted for their ability in manag ing a boat, and Sheriffand Admiral Thomas, wbo was in Lerwick at the time, offered'to act as coxswain to three strapping Shetland damsels in a contest between them and a crew of men from the revenue cutter Eagle. Tho matoh was keenly contested, but ulti mately was easily won by tho Shetland damsels by over four minutes on a half mile course. The Shetl.inder.-, who used two oars each, pulled very gracefully. More than SO superiors of Jesuit congrega tions have, the Francais says, signified their acceptance ofthejdeclaration of submission to the decrees of tho 29th March. That do clarption, the same paper states, was drawa up, at the joint wishjof M. de Freycinot and tho Pope, by Cardinal Nina and M. Des prez, tlie French Ambassador at the Vat:. CUD. L'Union and Gazette de France, how ever, . vehamently attack tho ^declaration, describe it as a mystification, and a3 a trap laid by the opportunists. .The Radical jour nals, on the other hand, also express entire disapproval of the document, and demand the strict and integral execution" of the March decrees. La Vol,.: ilc Bubjdrk, published in Sofia, declares that tho recent circular notes of the Porte, charging the Bulgarians with the ill-treatment of their Mussulman compa triots, closely resemblo the accusations of dishonesty made against ah upright mer chant by . a fraudulent bankrupt. The journal also demands a foreign commission ' to examine iuto the truth of these charges, asserting that the examination would confound - the Pashas of Stam boul ; and, moreover, that the cliques which organised the Bashi Bazoaks along the Grecian and Montene grin frontiers have also instigated the bri gands of the Black Sea coast and other lo. ealities to persecute Mussulmans more than Christians in order to incite them to revolt and emigration. This Bulgarian organ ac cuses the Roumanian journalists and politi cians of making common cause with the Pashas of Stainboul in laying all the sins of the Decalogue at the doors of the Christian inhabitants of the Balkans. The Telegraph Construction and Main tenance Company has successfully laid a new cable between Valentia and Newfoundland for the Anglo-American Telegraph Company, making the fourth now in working order belonging to the company. r The new Shire Hall at Drysdale ?will be opened this evening, when an invitation din ner will be given by the Shire Council at six o'clock. After the dinner a plain dress ball will take place. In another column Mr Richard Davey in timates that he does not intend to again offer himself as a candidate for the repre sentation of the Kardinia Ward. The usual weekly siles of station produce will take place to-day and be held every Wednesday during the wool sales season. 