I TJI THE LIFE OF 1 DALKIN. BT JJ, WALTER SWAN. CHAPTER X. . WINNING OF THE END. parted company ^itberetone ba ^tQod ca"va8sing the 1 coach, ft"hich Ned the driver had §u f°rd® ^ his moat intimate friends. ribbed down the counter; ftndlofte g,a98eB in 5 »rrarg pnatom that never visited the 6 cbance usual undisturbed serenity jlCf, allj n the little town again, leaving {aflH^ on the quiet, and scarce a d i rl$ e0f the hopes buried and of the Lid tt tell?1 t,0(i almost ceased from be nopuH - ?)»»-. "that had almost ceased from l&atl0D; fine of the residents, however, |nLi:«ir Upc , fn ho nn.trol. One ot tne temuc..T, u»Tu,v., ? f aim in life seemed to be patrol-, '^one sided street in rolled-up .shirt Wth Ttnbacco smoke, suddenly mter »nd put un his hand to, h eres with a vigour of motion alto- . "de"IS \,ni His immovable and intent: lbernP° °ted attention, and in a Bhort i ire flifflfi a cluster of three persona had uj eoaally intent and observant in lfSn °f the first. l^iwXe make of it, boys?" asked one, "hiB bands from hia face and patting ; r1Dgin his belt. " I say a trap. TTaee .it b "^. L a svrafrman,and this ain't the time ^'r! It's a trap-; aomethin'a up, take my it is," remarked another, pocketing ih£b with an air of conviction, to which GifforfTs^it might be another *5S?roggffittiepoliticiahof the ? ent he's welcome if he ve got the We want population and new blood, id enterprise for the future that is yoving spot, that looked like'ari orer r, beetle wriggling towards them oyer brown plains, was gradually becoming .ore distinct, till, at last, apeculiaf tossing ILn where crab-holes pitted the ground n>s visitation of small-pox, Bet all doubts JL me interest in the new afrival had ELe BO intense that the group standing MYtlfss was increased by the- arrival two more saunterers, who joined assisting. the speculators to tiome to .richt conclusion in anticipation of the wrol. The tall and grim-looking Barker m driving carefully, seeming to have come ?out of the night {hat was behind him, and Jjto the broadening day, wearied with hia Igjof care and hopelessness, and the trea pre for which life and liberty had been j£el He bad taken the handcuffs off, and At prisoner lay with his arms outspread, fa heavy dew of the. journey and of pain lay ntcm hia hair. The bold, well-cut profile ntea on the blankets where the jewellery jm packed away; their dark blue oolonr (outdated with the bloodless features, and it ped as if the man were dead.. He opened to eyes wearily as the motion of the ricketty Hgjonette caused him pain, but , their bright Iwswas clonded by the dimness of suffering Barker watched his charge with a cl&seness; tie care that was like solicitude. Now. that the (raffle was over and the danger pasted, the poser was to him but a helpless and broken atnvho needed attention. In this silence fefhad travelled throughout the eight, with al? the rattlinga of the decrepid conveyance Iti the regular monotone of pain, i'he datec lm drove on past the few spectators, who saw (itl eyes wide with wonder that the vehicle pied a living freight. No one recogniBed at occupant; all knpwthe late shepherd «k had loBt himself or left his charge in aEpany with his mate the hutkeeper, bat tw the face was so pals and pore-looking; m Die contrast of features and of hair so pounced, that they could bat vacantly wai t fame intelligence for which they hungered. Jute drove straight to the hotel and called «the landlord, when, a brief conversation nuted in a stretcher being brought oat and jwitncken occupant earned inside, Mective Barker soon made it apparent wthe ww not to be questioned, He had tele xed for a doctor, and was tramping np and one ot thehote^rooms, when the door Dalian cagie in hurriedly. 1#kose men who are Wkjnd, but when he qtJlim, iu*d perceived N<»ed with. jpoe, and .the .whole *5$ thai »ja barmopy, to at Withei^tone, and whole might of his de> Li< i 'V' UllgUV UL P®g8onl who, thq visitor could be. As a twkp® biB hat and waited. .J10* tabled her lookwas.and m p?r-aytled wbile accoating bim, he fit?*lf hls lat? good fortune had brought -J® the verge of another mystery, possibly ger apture. A lady Wthis atJOTthef an lnc01¥raity that troubled him. terino »r?L ua<feretand," she said, Btam man here ret0,m who br(>a«ht th« iBkr^e?etecfciT0^cer, ma'am, Richard \- is H1 ^PPrehended the man what is * »i!n * there room,"' pointing inniarai ? - . He was wanted, ana jV® n, and in the discharge of my duty, ne5®8sary to shoot ^That is i' Bnt" mTT umt brin8® m here." " We him « y°a are not .going to ^&bXttenTdev.d-; They m be is Mrvices. nw - 00010 to offer my Sjonrr 1 you will not deny me this to «VDki'nn'£^m 1 h*** ypnr Pardonj but too. To I,# ® > Ttod I don't understand mUBt get:l,(>line OI*e to f«Doat^?.i!g^.d.B.y» I Wb° arc you? You «t u ^nd of Pewoa who hires ^nog^nn J^11,10t, " 0be contin?ed, jtetp W qneBti^n, and strngeHng to '*?88My that ij ^ ^ be aoscdutely lti3 iri,"» P.&t; you should know who I am, ofyou, Iwill tell yon, "^rtljicon^denoe. ont in th e i b%i^d. to WW that what tflb use in " imte, I his ^here ^19 manner bending in a W Jta|>i'MBive Way, bonBdence.1 When duty to do, he does 6U" toot fLiT,W^uaty,0fl. ma'am. of.wibtin' to "^Shat'n011 ^ now you ^ M SKryout aecret, maybe." "®Qu8 upon her face, making no reply, and bent forward in a posture of pain and of sorrow. " It cannot now matter whether or not it is known who I am j that knowledge must be public property Bince it is yours: what the mysterjr and the evil are connected with it with bim, I never knew-only that hie hi^wife"8 &n; 6Iring ODe' and 1 am iSfaXuaS0"®''but <" ?onXm grant me my request?" ,, WI" .Srant you your request, and thank you into the bargain." He continued, solemnly, MistjesB, it was his fault, not mine, that he was shot. The race was nigh a couple of miles between ue. and he would not surrender. It might 'a bin if I had thought he had a wife in such as you, ma'am. 1 wo,^ld,? f Vhot' ?n.' « I hadn't 'a shot I wouldn t a bin a doing of my duty. This doin of my duty will get me praise below, but for the fust time, as I can remember. I am sorry for it, if it have made your lot worse or your grief bitterer." Barker's many- sided character was now presenting him in a new phase. There could be no doubt as to the sincerity of every word he uttered. The vibra tion of honesty was in hiB words and in his manner. " And, ma'am, you will excuse a stranger like me Baying that I am not sure it is a misfortune to you or to him. His going off the square-now, that teas a misfortune; but once there, and sundered from you, believe me, it is better as it is. Surely, ma'am, you think it better than the gaol or the or worse. God'll bless you for your love of him, and this here wonnd is one of His blessin'a to you and to him." . "Yon are kind and considerate pf my dis tress and position to eiay so. When the gloom comes, any ray of light is welcome. It may be better. He may repent and lead a new life." " Ma'am, he may repent, but " Detective Barker clenched his hand angrily at himself that his voice had grown hoarse and his words indistinct. " I know what wounds is.- , He may repent and lead a new life, but the new life 'ill be in the t'other world." The kind, rough words, the sympathy in the strong face, the respectful and sorrowful bearing of the officer, and the contem Elation of the end prophesied, fell on er as sudden darkness falls. Her strength gave way before the love of her short lifetime, before the losing of him who had been with her through all its years, before the pictures of the past now grey and faded, before the shroud thatwas creeping up and the bitter bar of separation that removed her from the world Bhe had known to the silence of disgrace and shame. When Mrs. Dalkin entered the room the eyes of her husband were on the opening door, and a look of relief, if not of pleasure, came faintly to his face. There was in his weary eyes a sort of tenderness she had not seen before, and she bent over him in tears. He spoke haltingly. " We did not expect to come together so soon again. My career Bince I first left you to fight the world,your self and work for me has been constantly downward, and now I'm on thesteepest>slope of all. Where does it lead to ?, You have often told me of another life ami another land : I shall know it all soon." - . Still bent over the sufferer, she inade answer, "Harry, Harry, do not speak so hopelessly. Your life and your love never seemed so valuable to me as now. I cannot live with but your gone memory and hopes buried. You will not leave me e^one among the years coming, that can hold nothing for me but shadows and silence?" He put his large trembling band npon her bright hair, and pulled her scared .faoeto^iis, where «he felt ,tbe . damps of pain and wrestled with her sobs. The room where Harry Dalkin lay was. that, which bis wife had occupied on her arrival at Witheretope, and such comfort , a$ f»uld be given to it from the meagre reeourqeiof the Elace were bestowed and arranged' by the ands and the love he had won so long ago. The procession of the days trooped softly in, carrying those benisons and that cheer which are given to the just and the unjust, and it seemed to her who nursed him that whether it was the darkness or still grey of the mora ine stealing in, or the broader and deeper light that carried the sun in its gift, he was ever with the weariness in his eyes, over shadowed by regret and love for her, now that his day was so far spent and the mystery of the darkness at hand. Bronze and glow had flitted from his face, and his features were motionless and clear, as if touched by the purity and the rest that was approaching. He had travelled again, over the past and through its memories, and the thoughts and ghosts of what was done and undone sailed Before him with accusation. And the crown of hiB life that had been given him in blessing and in joy remained with and watched him still; shorn of happiness and bereft of hope. He had held from her the pride and peace of wifehood and womanhood. She baa of him neither home nor faith, and yet all her years, and her hopes, and her devotion that never faltered had, been yielded to him and trampled npon with reckless feet He had accomplished for her a portion of suffering as her reward. He thought of all this in his weak unstrung state, to feel the BenBe of reproach and repentance for the love he had disregarded ana the wife against whom he bad sinned. Repentance was pos sible, but there was np reparation to be made now, with the hush of the shoreless sea creeping np upon the sounds of life and the possibilities it contained. One day, when Mr. Lax ton sat moodily wondering in his office where the face was that had won him-where the figure and voice were that had struck the gloom away from the dimnesB and rigid coldness of the office walls and from the misty air and win .dow-glaas choked with plastered papers-he Admitted to himself .that the hopes thep formed wer6 the fairest that hsid visited hirai and their prospect opened to him the one Rift that would have ennobled his life. He.felt that the face, and voice, and every move ment of the lady operator were as fresh before hihi then, ahq far more indelibly fixed, than on that day when he saw her wear the shade of trouble and fixity of purpose. It was with e feeling of Borrow and a convic tion that his life might have been purposeful and his .heart brave, but for the remem brance of thfejme vho had somehow crossed his destjjt^/. JtrUtea' as having known and missed thi oopiplegnent of the ooming time. He bad Aged, taadhis face gave evidence of hiB having suffered the pain that often gives calmness and fctpength. Bat whatever calm ness was on it >t the time I write it disap peared before Hheibtelligence then running atoni thepinf'on???to' Melbourne. The words wbich he heard clicked out were " It will beneoessary to bringGsrth'a house keeper to identify the pfisOneK'HeiB nursed by a lady supposedto be . M'ijhe time aa operator at Brayford nhita; wixuune of Jane Ritchie. No time to be MM*' Tpeman's case is prononnced to bB honeleaiiby.the doctor.' " RIOHABD BARKER. " Jane Ritchie nurslug li prisoner who was at Witheretone!" The gloom of the office grew gloomier, and the wound that bad not yet healed waB stricken agttifi to give fresh Buffering, and intensify the present pain. Lax ton fonght against himself with the enrancp that of whatever hope had remained to him the last vestige was gone, and the loyal little man was not ashamed to find relief in tears. He listened to the Btories of .the wires as constantly as he conld. He knew that Garth's housekeeper had left for Witherstonej and that the police were hurry, ingher there in a race against death. Bat below his gone hope a throb came to his heart when he remembered that tie knew where she was now. Oat of curiosity he should watch the wires, and learn, all he could. He might at least be able to help her as an old friend who had won his respect. He had saved £200 in the long time that had passed since her face showed him she had sorrow. Who could tell, she must be in trouble, and trouble always wanted help. If he could help her ? There was at least happiness in that thought. Perturbation was caused at Witherstoneby the tragedy that had Bomehow happened, and in which the police, represented by De tective Barker, were involved. The wounded man pronounced to be dying, and the un faltering devotion of the lady whom all knew, watching him by day and by night, pale with the watch of the darkness when the light broke, pale through the glare of the day, weeping when the gloaming came, and back to night to live through its shadows and to watch again, all formed a subject of interest that overshadowed every other consideration. Nothing else seemed to be spoken or thought -of. Even the arrival of unexpected con veyances began to be looked on as a secondary affair. The rolling up of the monthly " Cobb," duet-dredged, and panting, had lost its in terest, and, as a consequence, the landlord's score on coach mornings fell below the average. Anything connected with the wounded man and the lady was B9ught after and welcomed at all times. Detective Barker, when at' Witheretone, was impenetrable, and .a trooper, who' rode clattering to the hotel door, partook of such drinks as were paid for, but knew nothing. Why should the lady watch day and night by the bedside of a < stranger? Was-he a stranger? Was he a prisoner? . Was he a detective? The land lord could not telL- The look that was like hopelessness, and the fear and sorrow that were in the lady's eyes, always now seemed looking on the dismal passage waiting to be traversed, down and between years that were dark and silent. 