!H0TE8 FROffl-THE * bBSEBVATORY.' ' -. ?'??- U-^\\!i ^ iSMnniDAV|'28Ui'AuguBti '' , Tub |HALF-ri!Aii3:rKaiHPAiit;^-It.will..havd ' been seen from last weok'snotes that tho amount :: of:raiu 'r'reciiii'tation-.i vanes' orcKtboiidiucrorit parts of i tlio colonyy hot onlyhh duantity, butia ' Iho' number of 'rainy, daysv iThb varlitidn' is no ' doubt' governed ina ETOitimoaBHrp by! tuoiphysi-.': cal features of- Wie country,\'sucb. as tho distance ; fr«m ? (ho;sca: coast,. ithenvicuiifcyJoE mountaiii ranges or hight-grbundsi the proscnco.or nbEchco,' pf forest!larids':iinditli6Mnterjening o£l inomitaim chain3-:betweonrthe;.locality;;and;tho:scaboardS;, itib conditions mostnfavprabloytd raiftfall being: . higlr timboroaj: land' near/ thi ooast line',:lotty and 3 timbered mountain rnngealinland, and oxtensivo.; forest x;6iintry.J/: There is',, ijowever^'anbtiiorvory. importaii^elemqiit/i-ttjiipl^Jargelj- detormiric3 tho average 1 .rainfall iL a region, and .that ia its- posi- ' tiqn ; wi tn,' regard' w rauib6:»HngJ wi n'd 'currents.1 ' For' -instance, ;ia'very'largoii-art of'tlle rain:that'': fall3iu-'thof S;B. rogibnnsilbqfrid in^ by the'S.Bir; winda which prpvailalopg.tho east. coast pf Au3--. tralia, and which ^sbldomyroach further west' than Ayilsbn's Promontory^ nor riipro 'inland tlidn ' the rising land roughly' indicatbdi!by the boun-' aary bf-thd:S.15.';rogion, as' givpri-'in last w'o(ik?sf notes. : Again;, thb rainfall of tho Cape Otway- ro gipn comes almost entirely from the sea, either froiUj the west, tho south, or sometimes, from the S.E, JThp. rainfall of tho southern region' is mainly precip'itatod by NiTYsy'westcrlyiand S', W; currents,-' froni tho''. offects'jef I -whidhi.tho .highi groandoi theDiyidingUangbprotocts the northern, region, except duringgrqut storms, with,hea,vy,; rainfall. This latter region owes a 'considerable, part of.its rainfall to the,same. causes as irrevia' in'-Bireri'na ahd'other central parts of Australia^ That is tho'thuuderstofms ahdimaeses of saturated ? atmpsphere ..hanging . , on the ? southern edgo of the monsoons, qlthough tho monsoons tnem selycs rarely, extend beyend . limits somo'ljuii, flrcclaof miles north of tholfurray. ?'? Tho rain fallnlongtho Dividing Range is by fartho greatest of any iu the. colony, for horo the warm moisture laden lower currents of nir, doflcctod upwards by tho rising country, get rapidly cooled' down to ' a temperature at which precipitation takes pla.ee. Tho rainfall of the North-eastern district is prin cipally due to the . upward '? deflection' of rain -bearing . currents from ?; almost ovory, quarter, and rain clouds ?{ which, havo passed . over ' lone tract3 . of lower ' couhtrv. nftoii' precipitate themselves ? here. ' The North-' M-estern or 'Wiramora country, whicli oh'tainB but; a very scanty fall, is part of a considerable area in Victoria, New South Wales and ^putli.Ausr. tralia, that is wanting in the features and physi cal conditions which: encourage precipitation, and seems also to be geographically in a'position out of the track or mooting areas, of. tlio various rain-bearing currents. 'Theaa ? notes, of course, ,only pretend tp. sketch.1 out 1 the roughest Outline of tlio probablo ^iausos' of tbo .varying rainfall in ?. thojdilTerent climalip regipns ef ?, the .colony ; , and,- ';altli6ugh, ' it un doubtedly 'doponds in1 a' great 'measure on ithe conditions referred' to,.'thor'e' are alsonumcr-' ions other causes, constant or rariable,.. which^ro important factors in rain deposition'. '..,'- ,,? j Sns's. Surface and, Terhestbiaii irAoirETBM. j-rTbreo photographs of thp .sun havo, been ^ob- tained during tlie past week ; the solar surface is jnpw free from spots, or signs of- disturbance. Tho 'earth's magnetism remained in a Quiescent slate iuntil the evening of tho 2Qth inst., when distur bances of a comparatively limited range sot in, [and continued until the end of the wceK.' From ;t!io absoluto dbtcrminatiptm made en tho 2Cth, tho declination or variation of tho corapasa was ifound to bo 8deg. 3 mini 4 sec. east,' aud the magnetic dip, 07 dog. 5 min. Slsce. ! -TnE Weather.— On thb south coast it'-was sqaally and showery during the greater part of the week, with frosh K.\V. and westerly winds :nnd u high sea, but towards tho hitter part it bo como fine and clear, with light northerly. winds. JOn the cast coast it was fine and generally clear iduring the first half of the week, with moderate N;.W. and northorly winds ; becamo showery and saually on thb 2Gth, with strong west and south westerly winds ; and again fine on tlie 27th, with : moderate south-westerly winds. Inland : Fresh north and north-westerly winds were prevailing on tho 23rd, with cloudy dull weather ; it be- ? camo calm, fino and clear on the 24th, followed on the 2(ith by strong .west and soutji-n'cstcrly winds, with rainshowora during the night, after which ? it wiis again fine ? and clear, with light west ami south-wo3tcrly winds and' caimJ At Melbourho 'it was fine, mild and pleasant during .. tho ? groatcr part of the week with moderate and frosh northerly wind during the first part, followed by moderate westerly breezes and ra'inshoii'era on tho night o! tho '25th and afternoon of the 2Gth. The highest temperature in the shade, .08.7 dcg., was recorded on the aftemoonof the 25th, thcTowcst, 30 ucg., on tho early- morning of tho 22nd, and 40.0 on tho 2-ith ; hail fell on the afternoon of the 26th. ; and a dense f ofe was experienced on the oarly morning of tho 28th. lla'm foil to the amount of O.bl inch, makijig tho total rainfall ; sincQ , the boginning of the .? year 18.35 inch, . as . compared with 10.07 inche3 duriiis the same poriod m 1879, or an average of 15. C7. A public meeting, convened by requisition to tho president of tho shire, was held in tho Kilmriro, council chambers on Tuesday, for the purpoiio of protesting against the action of the Government in removing Mr. Inspector Baber. s. After .JIes3ra. .Howling, Taylor, Warren, Carpenter, Hunt and Wilson had spoken fully on: the' subject, a petition was ' agreei'to, and ordered to be forwarded .to the Chief Secretary, through' Messrs. Hunt and Duffy, Ms.L.A..' It was also decided: to ask the co-operation of tho ohirea ia,tho district ia. the matter,, ,' ..,.-; .!????????. ?Al ghost: Btory. comes from Kagambie, and ia tpld by the local, paper.as follows :— '.' Persons visiting the railway station.and those who have had oopa.sion to visit that locality, at night, ? have been greatly frightened by seeing a 'ghost.' ' A' few evenings 'ago it appeared', near the end of the railway platform, and' was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with,Jas 'far'as could be discerned, a deathlike face; It wa» noiBoleBa in its movements, ..but glided with wonderful, rapidity. ? One of the porters, who has a cou Bhlerable amount of couragej prococded in tho direction of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it, but to his astonishment, after the 3moke hud cleared ? away he found tho apparition was close to him.' He wa3 per fectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, made for his 'friends at lightning speed.' ' One night last week, as the half-past nine cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, wa3 travelling along, the railway road towards tho town, a short distauce : from the station, the spectrum again appeared on the hill side about 50 yards 'from the cab, and as 'tlio convey auco proceeded, so, did tlio figure. This frightened the i-asHengera, and especially tho driver, so that ho drove his horses at a furious pace, soon losing Bight of : the apparition. It is currently reported that the stationmastcr- has applied'lo be removed.' 