EXPERIENCES \- ... O* AH ' • , EDINBOESil i)ETECl'IVT.E. • Br: JAMES McGOVAN, . Authos op "Bbotobt to Bat" &c.; '[Published by special arrangement with- tbe Author. .-f~All,rfehta reserred.]: >t. , ' ' ' 5 L SECOOT 'SEBrES.^-No. XXII. ! A BRIDAL BROOCH. The shop windows on the Northand South Bridges were beginning to blaze forth their mighty brilliance in conflict with the wan u ,|ng 'day, when a man, shabby and furtive as misfortune or;fpHy could make one, took i / up a watchful/position in aiiy entry nearly 'opposite bne/'of, oiir gaudy and glittering : YYjeweUer "shops. - The month was October, 'Vrahd,the leather for that part of the season j 'tmcoihmpnly . varm and sultry, a trifling !!. cireumstahqe ih; itself,' biit one;upon which „ YweVwefe;' d&tined; before long to stumble1 The man was not a ' "fhiaf, fed haver been* in a Police Court in his life,, I/believe, yet he was of the stuff .. 'outbf^hibb'.giogues^are made; The hair X-'wasand' trouble so !r"^uek'.hsrmth; the .whisky in which 'the jwnaath had. so o?te>! been steeped,: 1' 'ahd thi* bands trembled more' from nervous -1 r._,exhaustion than from feebleness Jpf fatigue. ' Yet . John Tweedie waS'respectable; that " : isjMworkeda; little when Work was to be ;r .had, aridat 'other times/got' his wife;and .f biuldren? to r workfor him; unreasonably ' /wondering at times howitWas that be was ? '.balf- starfed1; aiid^abby .wbUeiothers1 not 7Xbalf sP clever were happy and . comfortable r:. The' inside'of the/ frofit :part of ' the 1 brightly lighted shop was- clearly visible ....from .Twee,die!s, watching post, and- yrhat .f' latteriy .ihtere^d 'him'naost was to see a ,c"bbybf,rome.twelye oi thirteen years called ' .from the. wbrkahop behind, cap in hand, ' and dbecibd.sbmewhaUengthily regarding a Small sqiiafe.pafcel which had been placed in ' hishandS.' The parcel, as the shabby watcher witho.utperfectly well,knew, was a gold ^brooch set.with pearls/'ratlier plain ^though chaste in design; and valued, jas afterwards /appeared! at about eight guineas.. Tweedie v> bad; seen .the. brooch critically , examined by . the 'shopman; then placed in a little paste board Tjox,-baring outside the name and . address.' of . the" firm;.; and .then neatly /. wrapped in paper, tied' up! and -addressed. _ As soon as the boy had received his instruc ..tions he hjok'the tiny parcel,' left the shop, . and turned down towards the* New Town !. .at a smart pace;! Tweedie /had; the street . f p^brosai, and aquick spurtto make to reach bis side, and * by "the time 'be', grasped the . . boy's shoulder they were down-past .the bright shop windows on the bridge proper. Here, Tommy! Don't fear, I've sonie Y thing,h> say:to.you!? '/', , //'"' > , The .boy "started round with a quick v exclamation t>f' ,smprise!';hnd the glad words^-! . " v ; ■' "Oh, father! I didn't know you: were; behind me." ... , : ; j "Nor: X didn't expect do have come, Tommy," said the father with great ap parent gravity, "Here, Tommy,1 and I'll. ..!-.^U'.'ybu'^'a^ut,it/!be' mysteriously and .confidentialiy added; drawing, the boy still 'ipifo./.the sbadpiV" You're a;little : man in. yoiir '. own way, and understand / these.things/just,as well as I." / ; ; '/ * '.'..^Js'it.mo^r^wP'?®.^ added ;tbe boy, \- with a sudden blknching pf the face; - • /// . f'Jt is ;'she is very;Weak tb-night,-&nl; I "[. don't feel so sura that sbeTl^g-^-"./; j . * " ^Tweedie. paused and topk out hie hand kerchief to' wipe away a maudlin tear or two^ while, the bby looked quick-away , -' with a sudden choking" gasp, which said moire than a thousand' words or a shower of tears. .. ■ ■ : j ." "Did she—Hid she say she wanted me home quick asked the bby, after a pause. ".Yes, ,yes;' biiifc that isn't all,? said Tweedie, "somewhat hurriedly.' _ "You ■\know how",hard pressed we' _ are" tbisi week, . Tommy; aiid sick people need a deal . of nice tUngs. . You know they do,' don't you?" ; # ./"'''/'/ Tommy allowed his eye to travel over his father's blotched face and whiskv- dyed hair, and then gettmg back a little disgusted from the odorous breath/emelling strongly of pubUc-hbuse. sawdust and bad liquor, he. said somewhat hotly aiid bitterly— j "Yes,Tknowthat; but mother doesn't get many of them nice things. I believe," he added, .choking a little, " that she'd be sfrbigpf and better,i?Ydie did" • "My own Opinionrexactly," responded hN.fetyf. witha patbeiki, sniffle,. "That's , thrpughYme meetin'g so ihapy feverses; and you know, Tommy;/a clerk can't always get work1 when he/wishes. But, listen, I was thihki^' that^'sbeing'it's so near the . .end of the .week,, when' ybur "wages are ' due; that yoiir master; if you were to ask it as a favor, migbt let lis baye half-aYcrowh just now;'eh ?? " .: The 1^)y!s face became like iron, despite tbe 'wbeedHng and ingenuous rtbnb ib which 1 the words had been uttered, and hje drew himself up with more dignity than hi3 father could have shown though he bad tried for a week. •. . - " No;" he said, with ia fed"flusb mounting bis cheeks, (i I won't - deinean myself to borrow money. "Ill starve first." j " But for your mother," eagerly persisted Tweedie.: Y'To'belpher in sicknessiP" ^Mother told ; me distinctly;' never to ] borrow money for ^ou of any/body," em ;. phatieally .answered Tommy;' :'.'I'll obey ■ her first." . ! '^Bat.'she;risn't' quite- herself just now'; she; doesn't know what's' wanted fin the 'house,? pemstedTtfeedie.' - ,r",She i'knqws what's right,r and that's, the hoy; "I wbn't ask it,' for11 don't believe she' wantsit." ' . ; • ; • - .' ",t?bat do youmean ?" angrily demanded Twebdie, wincing, in spite of himself before | the^flashing eye of the'Uttle man. " Take j "caT&rjnind; I'm your father;'andean half ; killyouifyougiyemeababkWord." ;: ' " "I know that, for ; you ■ do - it often • enough," said Tommy.; "biit that doesn't make wrong right, does it ? Mother told me she cornd keep the. house on Madge's six. shillings and my five as well as possible if it wasn't for yog.: You get so many.six " pences ono-way and apother that there's' ' hardly' any left to' live oa,' even if mother wasweU -enough to look sharpy after them; . Wait till. Tm a: man, and :my ticde's out!1 W1 show1 you different. Til be big and fltrong then, and we'll see who's master." i Tweedie stared in a stupid way down onr the dashing eyes, clenched hands, and blading cheeks of his boy, and then, unable to make any extinguishing reply, he took refuge in his handkerchief, with which he appeared to wipe away quite a quantity of •tears, - -- " I. might have expected this," he mnr i 'mured, with much pathetic ability." When a manis unfortunate his own children turn against' him; would kick him out of the way; bundle him into his coffin as a use less irifihmbrance, the moment he has helped •.them oh so as to-be'able'to work for them-: •selves.-' It's the way of the world. Oh, I wish I was as ill as your mother, and like to die?, and be done with it! P'r'aps you would think then how cruel you were, and remeinber the words you used." : The boy stood silent and little moved for a • nfoment or. two, and then some what brokenly answered— -- "■ I don't mean to be cruel to you, father. I always think you're divided in two : one part of you is my father, whom - I'd;fight for and work for to my last breath; . but the • other part is a beast, and no one can ex pect me to like that" :: " Hard words; hard words; but I'll soon be dead and buried," pathetically responded Tweedie. " Then your sneers §and taunts will come back on you like a curse. I sup pose you're not going home yet, though you know your mother's so had V " I can't till I go down to Pitt-street with this brooch. It's a bridal present, and mnst. be delivered to-night," answered Tommy; "but I'll run every step of the way, and he home as soon as I can." " That won't ; do. Your mother can't wait/' said Tweedie, after a moment's thought. " You run on home and see what your mother wants, and let me deliver the brooch." Tommy hesitated as his father advanced a hand to take the tiny parcel. " But you will deliver it, father ?"■ he anxiously pleaded. "You will take it down safe and sound to the right house ?" . " Deliver it ? of course I will," angrily returned Tweedie. "Do you think I'm a thief?" He snatched at the parcel,. and, with another imperative command to his son to go home at once, moved off in the direction of the new town, while Tommy made his way to their miserable abode in South Gray's Close. Here the boy found his mother so weak and prostrate that he and his sister Madge, though both had enough work: by day, sat up the entire night watch ing and tending :her. As - for Tweedie himself, he did not ap pear till next morning, and then he was so drunk that they were: glad to get him smuggled into a corner, where he could lie and sleep off the effects of his debauch.: When day dawned the girl Madge, who was barely fourteen, agreed to remain at home for the day, and with a light heart hut somewhat heavy eyes Tommy went to his work, to weary for the dinner hour as he had never before done; But before this had arrived a curious circumstance oc curred, which, puzzled him so much that all thoughts of home, or mother, or dinner were effectually scared from his mind. He was called suddenly to the. front shop, in which he found a young gentleman and his employer, both looking a little concerned. " Blow is this, Tommy ?" kindly began his master. "This gentleman says he does not think that the brooch could have been delivered last night at Pitt-street, as the lady has not mentioned receiving it. Was it delivered all right ?" ' "Oh, yes, sir; it was delivered,", answered Tommy, firmly believing at the moment that he spoke the truth;'." There, Aust!he some'mistake. Perhaps the lady1 has gdtso many presents that she has not had time to look at them all." " Very good, Tommy," approvingly inter posed his master; "Perhaps it would be better if . you, sir, were to ask the young lady directly if she has not got it ? " - '? Well, you know, that would' scarcely. 'do," uneasily replied the gentleman. "It is rather a delicate point; and I fully ex pected her-to speak of it to- day. ' But 1 .asked the servant, ap<i she said no such parcel had been'handed in.. Still, I daresay it is all right, and that, as the boy suggests, there is'merely a .mistake or overlook of-' some kind. Ishali .fcaliupdn "the lady again 'tomorrow/-when it is' possible. she may allude to it." : Tommy was dismissed without' further - questioning; but if they bad seen his face, ' arid the sudden pallor with which it had become overspread, they w;ould.not'have s®r readily believed that all was right.. It was a nameless, blood-curdling suspicion which had swiftly flashed across the boy's mind ashe ^as.turning away ; and, incredible as I .it'appeared, if left him so ghostly white that some of the men:iu the workshop, , noticing his sickly look, voted him ill, and at once ordered him to run home for diuner. Tommy, it will be seen, was a general favo rite, and his master would as soon have sus pected the Queen' or Prime Minister, of theft as him.: The fresh air did little to banish the pallor from Tommy's cheeks, for he was like a ghost when he burst in upon 'his sister and mother with the wild and eager exclamation—Where is father ? When didhe;go out? Oh, I must see him, though I should have to run over the whole town to find him." < No soothing words or gentle. remon strances—no kind enquiries or reproachful commands—could draw from Tommy the cause of his distress. "He'would take ho dinner either, and only smiled in a piteous way when it was spokeh of. He pulled on his cap again, kissed his'mother, and was out with'the speed of an express long be : hind time. -He ran to every favorite haunt of his father's, sought- him high and low for four or five hours, with • one vital ques tion dwelling feverishly upon the tip of his' tongue, running up to his home every hour or so to make sure "thati Tweedie had not returned in his'absence,;; and a.t last, at about1 six in the evening, he was rewarded' by finding1'the sottish figure " and bloated face in the ahcusfomed place in the corner ; fast asleep, and far beyond; answering in telligibly any questions -however urgent. A burst of anxious enquiry was upon Tommy's lips, but a significant placing of the finger on her lip . by his sister Madge, with a peculiarly grave sidelong glance: at her mother's wan and wasted face, drew his thoughts instantly from his own trouble to one of far deeper import. "-Oh, Tommy ! : 0h. Tommy !" hysteri isally breathed Madgei clinging fast to him in a sriddeh uncontrollable burst of grief, " I don't like mother's looks—she is so weak arid wasted, and can hardly lift her hand from the bed. ; What could we do to make 'her strong?' She seems.scarcely to notice :me, arid appears to wish just to he let alone: ' to sleep, sleep." - • ; Tommy choked a little, hut managed to gulp down. his. grief, as became a man, and'.' then, after hanging over his mother's slum bering form for-a ihoihent fbr two, said de I cidedly," I've heard that wine or Ihrandy's a goo'd thing'when people are very .yreaki'. Mother should have had it long ago." •' "Yes, hut where is it to come from?" tearfully rjejoined Madge. "There's rio ' ihing how that we can sell?! ; "Eather always manages to get.it,"-bit terly answered Tommy, with a scowl at the slumbering sot, in the corner. " He must have money or he could not get it. Let's see if we can't get some." ' " No, mo; perhaps you might wake him/' fearfully returned Madge. "Oh, rather ' let him alorie when: mother is; so low." "I hope I will wake him/'sternly re joined Tommy. "I just'hope I may, as 'I want very1 iriuch to know soriiethirig which ho'one else can tell me," and with„ a skill which undoubtedly came of long practice, Tommy, went oyer every pocket of the sleeping man hi search of money. ; He was not very successful, three half pence in copper being the net result; hut at length he came on something -which crackled Mmost as crisply as. a. bank note, and looked quite as official a document as he. wonderingly held it up to the light. There: was first a small square of brown paper, addressed to "Miss Flora McGregor, No. , Pitt-street. With her . cousin Willie's best wishes fdr her future happir ness," and thep: inside a smaller square: of white paper, which Madge leant .forward over his shoulder with a great start, to examine. . i "Why, Tommy, it's a pawn ticket! She ; exclaimed in wonder. " Where could1 he have got anything to pawn ? and see, it says on it, 'Tweedie—gold brooch—£1!'" All this Tommy appeared to have seen perfectly, lon<r before her eye had followed, the written "words, for he drooped and drooped with a groan of anguish, which Startled his mother from her slumber with the qnxious ryords— :. "t)h.;Tommy! dear, dear hoy—what is wrong?" ; l i Tommy star ted. up, and. significantly pressed his sister's hand. ; | "I am ruined,"he hurriedly whispered. '■ I was to deliver the brooch, but trusted him to do it. I'll be taken up, as a thief. Don't let mother know." "Nothing, nothing, mother," he siaid, springing to the bedside with his abject despair banished by a semblance of a smile, " only father is home again, and—and-— He could say no more,but his shuddering glance in the effraction of the corner satis fied the sick woman that she had guessed his grief aright., But the revulsion from the great start left her weak and sinking, and Tommy, secretly alarmed at the chang ing expression of her features and still grasping her hand, soothingly whispered— "You're a great deal better, avn't you, mother ?" J. " Weak, weak ;• I'll he better when I get a long sleep," feebly. returned the jsick woman. ' ' " We thought if you had some wine or brandy it would do you good ?" feverishly continued the boy. There was no answer for some moments; but something in the word brandy seemed to have drawn the wavering facul ties of- the sick woman back' to the wretched object slumbering so heavily in the corner, for she grasped Tommy's hand tighter lo indicate that she wished him to kneel down and hear her whisper. "Don'tbe too harsh with your father, Tommy," she breathed with a preternatural eagerness. "He was good< once. Look after him—take care of him—protect— you see ?" . 4 Tommy hastily breathed .out= a husky assurance that he would obey, and then the poor mother lay hack with a peaceful smile, and the words:— ,1 " Ah, I think I'll sleep well now." j Half an hour later Tommy turned to his sister, who had sat by the window sewing hard and soiling her work with tears; and with a scared look, exclaimed— i "Come here, Madge. There's something wrong with mother. She's getting awful white, and I don't hear her breathe." : ' The work was dropped with a cry of alarm; Madge leant over the still;form with her heart refusing to beat; and, then there • rang forth in the bare little room per earns wild enough to rouse even a sleep ing sot., . : "Mother's dead! oh, mother's dead! was the terrible cry which greeted -Tweedie as he started up.from his corner, but | with much coolness he only said—' | \- " Ah,J.poor ias8,1 didn't expect she'd, last long. ' I'm glad she was in a funeral society; I must go.down and- gijve in notice, or we'll be short of- mouey.'f He, Was slinking towards' his hat, avoidirig: son's flashing eyes, and making hastily for the door, when a powerful wrench [it his collar hurled' him backwards against the wall, andlooking up in amazement bje dis covered that the Assailant was—Tommy! "Look here father! look straight into my eyes," tremblingly exclaimed the excited • hoy. " You've gone and ruined Me for life—gone and pawned the brooch which you said you; would -'deliver,' and pawning is the samaras stealing, and.they'll be sure to take: me up and:put mean gaollfor it. I feel like to kill you, oven with i mother \- lying there dead—dead—dead!" and a burst of grief choked off the rest I of his words, and so overpowered the jyoung 8peaher- that -the trembling Madge con trived to release her fatherfrom his [grasp, when the guilty1 man at once dived from the Toom and disappeared. ^ . Meanwhile-by a simple train of incident. the case had; been placed formally in our \- hands. iShortly after leaving the jeweller's shop, the. gentleman who had order,ed the brooch chanced to-meet, his young cousin, the bride, when he discovered beyond doubt that she had never seen or. heard [of his : pretty present. A return journey! to the jeweller was the result; Tommy's'pallor .was recalled, guilt suspected, and with stern resolve the jeweller requested the in formants to: await the return of his appren tice and message boy. But the hour ex pired and another after.it, and no Tommy, appeared.; What could :be clearer ?; Con scious of guilt, and afraid of consequences, the hoy. had absconded. . Thus reasoned the jeweller,.and he forthwith walked up to the Central Office, gave me the facts as kno wn | to himself, with the address of the culprit, and left me to. work it out, as hej kindly expressed -it, , ".with my. . accustomed And so, shortly after the hum ed flight of Tweedie from the chamber of death, I, with the assistance of the policeman on the beat, discovered the den of a home.in South Gray's close,, and: with- a thundering knock at the door suddenly silenced the so jinds of sobbing; and unrestrained grief from [within, , Tlie .door:was opened,: and then I saw at a {glance what pulled .me back, as sharply as if. I had been tugged by theheart. ■ A few neighbor women were assisting Madge in the last kindly offices to the dead; the boy 'knelt, at . the. window with his head1 buried .in .his arms, and evidently prostrate with grief; while Madge, after drawing; a sheet lent by a neighbor over the straight form .on the bed, was stooping down to whisper some consolation in her brother's ear or to urge him to a greater calmness. But at the sight of the uniform of the policeman and my owngrave face, the pic ture changed as by magic; The boy started to Ms jfeet' with every tear dried on his cheeks; ' and5the girl with a face suddenly blanched toadehthlike pallor passionately threw-her aim round his neck as if resolved ta fisrht for him-to the last breath; ; • " It's; the police !" I heard her exclaim, and then stooping she whispered in the boy's ear what I did not bear—" Say not a word, Tommy, and 1 will try to save you." ■. ^ " I can't sav anything though I wished,' was Tommy's swift reply, with a meaning glance towards the bed. " I dare not." • I advanced into'the room, and the boy,, as if anticipating' what was coming, hur riedly took down his cap in readiness. " Your name is Thomas Tweedie ?" I enquiringly began; " Yes, sir," he quietly and'firmly. an? swered; and then with-a slight flush i-mounting his cheek, -he added, " If ;.you. would let me walk by Myself, and not seem to be going with me—a little, bit before you—I will promise not to run away. Can you allow-me to do that ?" Rather taken aback by the odd question, and the calmness with which he bad-re ceived us, I stammered out an affirmative, and after searching the place, and finding no trace of the brooch, we left the house with our young prisoner. True to his pro inise, he made , ho attempt to escape { and up at the Office was formally: charged with stealing, 'or failing to deliver, a gdld brooch; and{ as he maintained a sullen and impenetrable silence, was locked up. I thought the case was clear as it was trifling,'and I believe at the moment would have, staked by reputation upon his convic tion. ,' But then I was not only completely in the dark regarding the facts of the case; but unaware of the courage and daring of the simple-looking Madge. Shortly after the arrest of her brother, Madge locked, up the housej and walked down to a certain public-house in the Ganongate in which a Yearly 'Society held its meetings, and in which the publican himself held the important office of trea surer. In her breast Madge carried the pawn ticket already mentioned, as well as the square of brown paper in which the brooch Lox had been wrapped, both of which she had had concealed in a Bible' under the pillow of her dead mother while I was searching the house. .Madge was well known at the public house, having often fetched her father thence, and strange to say was more loved and respected there than the man who .-pent so many hard-earned shillings at its bar. The moment Madge appeared before the publican, and with tears springing into her eyes gasped out the word—" Mother!" —the stout man leant over the polished counter and took her hand feelingly, in his own, with the words— ' u Ah, yes; puir lassie! puir lassie! yer faither's been here telling me all aboot it, and wanting some o" the funeral money; but I wadna gie him a farden, Na, na; I tellt him I wad pay it only to the wee mother, as I ca'd you. Puir lassie! dinna greet, dinna greet! I can sympathise wi' ye, for I have lost a mither mysel'." j More kind words and good council fol lowed, and then, what was most important to Madge, after a hurried whisper from her, the publican led her round to his cash-box, from which he took two one-pound notes, which he placed in her hands as part of the funeral money due by the society, cheerily saying that he needed no receipt ■ from her, and that she should have the remainder at the iirst meeting of the socie ty.. Madge's next visit.was a flying one to the pawnbroker's, where she managed to calmly present' the; ticket and a £1 note, and received not only the brooch, but, to her intense joy and re lief, the little box, clean and bright, in which it had been placed before being; sent out. Madge could have danced, flown in the air, with elation and joy as she left the pawnbroker's behind and made her way to iier ewn desolate abode, in which she searched about till she found a piece of twine wherewith to tie up the brooch-box in a tidy and shopman-like style, leaving the address and other Words on • the top exactly as they had been when sent; out. This accomplished, Madge sat down in the uarkand waited till twelve o'clock struck on the Tron, praying fervently, the while for the success of her. scheme—perhaps the first time: that an intending housebreaker bad dared to do so. Thus far everything had gone smoothly and successfully; but Madge was in a flutter of fear that-an un surmountable obstacle would spring up before she had done, and got out into the dark and deserted streets fully.prepared for defeat. A flitting ghost could not'kave moved more swiftly or silently than Madge, a voiding as she did so almost by instinct e very crawling policeman or late passeinger; and thus she reached the house at-kitt street, which she had already learned was a main door one. Within all was dark and still, and Madge, |after studyingjihe position of the house, ma:de her way with little "difficulty ihto a green behind.' As. I;.said in starting the weather was uncommonly warm apd .Close, knd'several 6f the windows which Madge had to pass Jto reach -those of the house she wished to enter" were open to admit the cooler air at; night.'" Biit those in which . she was most interested were all closed, and with a pang of despair at her? heart Madge at last got close to one and tried it . with all her strength. -To.her intense- relief it yielded, and stood open ready to receive her ! 'Im a moment she had' off her shoes and glided into • the. deserted parlop, out into the lobby, where by a. dim ray of light from the street lamps without she saw a long oaken table littered with I many such parcels as that she carried in her bosom. Slipping her treasured parcel in under some more pretentious on this oak table, Madge was in the parlor again, and but into the green before she knew of could realise that she had accomplished the task. Excited though she was 'she ' had the presence of minffito-reclose the win&ow;, a lucky circumstance for her, and a fatal one \- for our case, r c • . • ;u;.. i : The moment this was done, and hef shoes' again on her feet Madge flew out by the entry, and blindly, rushing, forward dashed' full into the aims of the policemanjon the beat. A shrill scream and;a wrench and' she was out of his clutch, and flying -up the steep slope like the wind. The man1 knew; nothing against her hut that the time and circumstances of the meeting were sus picious, but he followed aa hard as he could run till she vanished into, an entry jon the north side of Thistle-street, into wllich he ' as swiftly dashed, only to be pulled; up by a faint moaning lower down, at a door leading by a steep flight of. steps' to the green behind. Turning on his "lantern he cautiously descended the. steps and I picked up poor Madge, quite insensible, and with one rib fractured and an; arm broken; under her. They got; a stretcher and;, had; her taken to the Infirmary, and -then going back to the entry, from which she 'had so - suddenly rushed, made vain search?among . the houses with open .windoios, for any one which had been robbed. Had no accident occurred to Madge, and herself been brought to the office, it is not unlikely that I j sho uld have recognised her, apd suspected: her of entering the house in which she. .was most interested, but the truth was that I did not.as much as hear of the. case until weeks after. ; .. . ., On the following . morning after the ordinary cases had keen gone through in the Police-Court Tommy was brought up for .the purpose, of being: remitted j to the Sheriff, when a curious .scene occurred. Tommy's master, accompanied . by the gentleman who had ordered the brooch, as; well' as the lady to whom it; was given, suddenly elbowed their way; forward, and requested permission to make statements and tender evidence which should com pletely alter the nature of ■ the charge. "1 regret to Say that the hoy has been innocently.suspected of. theft, and charged with not delivering the brooch, which by some mistake or inattentiveness on the part of the servant who took in the parcel, got snowed up among a number of other pre sents, -and ^was discovered only this morn ing in the spot on which-it had been laid;" The: Bailie' and Fiscal of .course looked astonished and indignant ; but their sur prise was nothing to that of the: young prisoner. He started right round, looking - petrified with amazement, and at last caught the eye of his employe^ and evi dently believing that he owed all to his generous aid, stretched forth his hand, and hnrst into tears, with the words— " Oh, sir! you are very good, and I shall never, never forget it; but I can prove to you by and by that I did not steal it, or aream of such a thing." " I know it,"my lad—I know it,";was the impulsive reply, spoken, with.considerable , emotion, " I am only sorry' that I was so hasty, hut shall try to make :it up to you if you can only forgive me," Tommy looked more puzzled than ever, ■which aspect was heightened when the two: voluntary witnesses stepped forward and. proved upon oath that the brooch had un doubtedly been delivered. The evidence was quite satisfactory to the bench, and Tommy was discharged, but to me it was nearly as great „a mystery as it was to Tommy himself. I reasoned that if ever conscious guilt dwelt on a face it was on Tommy's, when I had appeared to arrest him; but it was not till many years after, that I received the whole history from Tommy himself, who had prospered won derfully since the event. Madge recovered rapidly, and was Tommy's housekeeper at the time when the revelation was made, though thinking of becoming housekeeper to, another—namely, the young gentleman who had made the present of the brooch to his cousin—an example which I believe Tommy very soon after followed. Their father they never mentioned, and the reti cence seemed to indicate to me that his end had been as miserable as it deserved to be. 