EASTER. The resurrection of Christ is woven into the whole fabric, and life, and meaning of our religion. There is no ordinance of the Church, there is no promise of the Gospel, there is no con solation of the Spirit, there is no duty or joy of the believer which has not its roots in this foundation truth. Take away the resurrection, and minister and sacrament, and house of God nnd TiOTfl's T);vc jvnrl means nf crrnpo onrl linna nf n\ni-tr n*a vanished from the Church. Take away the resurrection, and preaching has no authority, and prayer no power. Take away the resurrection, and you not only take away the ascension, the sitting in heaven, the coming again to judgment ; but with Easter you have blotted out Pentecost, you have taken away from the creed the Holy Ghost, the holy Catholic Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, and the resur rection of the dead. Yet is there not at work amongst us a spirit of unbelief in the Church and in the world, meeting our Easter salutation, ' The Lordis risen' — instead of the old joyous answer, ' The Lord is risen indeed' — with the mournful wail of one of the poets of the day — '?' He is not risen ; no, He lies and slumbers loiv'% That which we call His resurrection, it is said, was indeed a marvellous revival of all that was best and highest in the life of men, under the influence of that noble example from the shores of the Galilean Sea. The little spark kindled by His unselfish devotion travelled fast and far. Christ rose, and lived, in the best of all senses, in generation after generation mfyo chejisjtted His memory and followed His steps. But the Wajfeof^l^isareth. Himself is buried and dead. '^w^^ Far hence He lies, In the lone Syrian town ; And on His grave, with shining eyes, The Syrian stars look down. And now even the fire which He kindled in dying is dying out in its turn. We see little in the Christian of to-day to remind us of the passionate faith, and self-denying charity, and longing expectation of the believer of the first times. The creeds, and worship, and forms of Christianity are the same, or only a little changed ; but the life that made them a power of God in men's hearts is gone from them all. And men are beginning to turn with weariness from the empty grave-clothes in which they cannot find their Lord. Men are saying these things on every side, and their words are sinking deep into the minds and hearts of our children, if they are not turning ourselves also out of the path. We dare not shut our ears to them if we would, lest through our culpable silence any of these little ones perish for whom Christ died. But it is not argument, or apology, or evidence of matter of fact, that are demanded at our hands. God help us ! for it is a barren endeavour, if it has come to that with us that we have that we have lost. It is not the resurrection as a miracle that we have to set ourselves to demonstrate. It is a risen Man, for whose reality, for whose life, for whose power over our spirits and lives we are contending with all that is in us. How shall we show that He has risen but by showing that we have risen in Him 1 How shall we show that He is alive from the dead but by letting men see His life in us to be higher and holier than the life after the flesh 1 Who will credit us that a risen Saviour has given us life if they see the life that we live in Him to be the same as that of the world 1 But let us bring forth the fruits of a risen life, and who shall refuse to believe that that life is Christ's ? Let men see the New Man looking through our eyes, living in our good works, shining in our light, and Christ liveth in us shall be our unanswerable witness that Christ liveth who was dead. So when the day dawns of that more glorious Easter, and we shall stand revealed in the perfected likeness of our glorified Lord, it shall be no new witness that we shall offer, but only a more complete and manifest evidence to men and angels, that He who has thus quickened our mortal bodies is no dead man, who has lain these eighteen centuries in the grave, but the second Adam, the quickening Spirit, Who was declared to be the Son of God with power, in that God raised Him from the dead. 