THE AMERICAN ELECTION. It seems likely that the contest for the Presidency of the United States will be one of the clo3est that has been witnessed for many years. All the parties have chosen their candidates, decided on their platforms, and set' themselves m battle array. In addition to the two great poli tical parties there are two small ones, which have their respective tickets. Of these the least important is the Prohibition party, which has nominated for President and Vice-President General Jfeal Dow and Mr. A. M. Thompson, but it is not likely to have any appreciable effect on the general conflict The National Greenback-Labour party presented a formidable appearance two years ago, but as a political force it has greatly weakened since then. It has suffered much disintegration, ?ud this year tbe proceedings of its National Conven tion attracted slight notice. It? can didates have not the ghost of a chance, but in tome quarters it wiU probably have the effect of diverting votes from one side or the. other. The measure of its influence . is perplexingly unceitain, and cannot .be rafely calculated upon, although in certain States it will affect the balance of power. The total of these doubtful elements, how ever, is less than that of the Independents or Eeformers was four years ago, and the issue will be fairly fought out in a direct way between the Republicans and the Democrats. In estimafr'ng the prospects of these two great parties, the personal character of the candidates they have chosen and the platforms on which they have taken the*? stand are the two. things to be considered. To an ordinary observer at a distance there seems but little difference. Now that tha burning question of slaveiy 13 out of the way, the politiral doctimes which divide Americans do not seem of vital conse quence. With the increasi»i5 hold that re sumption is taking even fiscalmattersafibrd less occasion for ahaiply antagonistic Kne3 of policy. There is, nevertheless, underly ing the politics of each party a broad and substantial theory of government which modifies the whole, and these are essen tially and permanently divergent The Democrats hold strongly the doctrine of State rights. Each State in this view is a sovereign community, and though it has no power to break away from the Uniom and set up independently for itself, in matters of internal law and administra tion it may do as it pleases. It may adopt any law that is not prohibited by the Constitution, and resent interference from the Executive Government or central authority as it would invasion by an alien Power. The Republicans, on the other hand, maintain the Federal principle with equal teracity. Admitting that the State system is excellent, 'they consider State rights, though very extensive, ? to be still municipal rights, and not sovereign rights, and therefore liable to limitation, and even in extreme cases to suppression, by the national wilL' The relative popularity of these theories must greatly depend on circum stances. Americans generally believe the State-rights theory to be best adapted for extension and progress. Accordingly in times of peace and when nothing threatens the Union it is likely to make headway. At the same time there is in it an element of. danger to the Union as such, pud therefore when any thing occurs to imperil the nation »s a whole the pendulum n sure to swing the opposite way. Just at present there is nothing of that kind anywhere on the horizon, and it would not be surprising if Democratic ideas should gain ground by the reaction from the centralization in duced by the civil war. With regard to the accepted candidates for the Presidency a great deal is being said, end especially by their detractors. As forcibly pointed out by our .New York correspondent, whose letter appears ekewhere, it is a feature in these contests that each party exeits all its ingenuity In blackening the character- of the opposing aspirant in every possible way. A man may go on fairly well outside the arena of politics and preserve a tolerable reputation, but directly he wins a conspicuous position he becomes a target for variegated vitupe ration. Especially if he 'runs' for high office has he to endure what is almost un endurable. A1re&dy; General Garfield is stigmatized — apparently not without reason — as a bribe-taker and a per jurer, while General Hancock, whose record is stated by our correspondent to be comparatively pure, fara no better. The more charitable view is expressed by some critics, that each has fairly gained the confidence of his party, and that either, if elected, wjH make a good President The choice of the Electoral College that will virtually decide the contest is to take place on November 2, but there are two elections in October that will be watched with the closest interest because of the indications they are sure to afford. There will this year be 369* electoral votes, and the successful candidate must gain 185 to secure the requisite majority. Parties are in such a condition that either Gaifield or Hancock JB sure to have this majority, for when the hour of trial comes the minor can didates will be out of sight As matters stand at present it seems certain that the ' solid South,' consisting of sixteen States with 138 vctes, will go for Hancock. No such manipulation of their votes as took place in 1870 will be possible this year, for every Returning Board is controlled by the Democrats. There are twenty two Northern States having 231 votes, but the Republicans cannot make sure of them all, other wise their victory would be easy and certain. They are only sure of seventeen States with 1G0 votes, and thrs there are five doubtful States, which, with their 71 votes, form the real battle ground of the election. The Democrats want 47 votes snd the Republicans 25 to make up a majority. The latter start with a considerable advantage, but if the Democrats can carry New York and Indiana they will win. Four of the five doubtful States were carried by them at the Jast Presidential election, and it is not perfectly clear that the majority therein has changed sides. The Indiana election of Governor takes place on October 12, and the probability is that the paiiy which wins on that occasion will gain the victory in November. For this grand -preliminary battle both are gathering their utmost strength. The issue of the contest is altogether doubtful, but the struggle wi'l be unusually severe. 