WESLEYAN HOME MISSION. Tan annual meeting of the Queensland Wee leyanBomo Mission Society was held on Wed nesday In the Albert-street, Wesleyau Church, and was moderately attendod. Mr. W. Brookes occupied the chair, and, after explaining the object of the meeting, referred to tho bad examplo aud injurious influence of mon in I high places,men entrusted with tho administra- | tion of the public affairs of tho colony, with j referenco to every thiug connected with religion ; I and urged upon those present tho necessity for I increased activity in tho workin which they were I engaged. Tho Iter. R. Allen, seoretary. to the I society, then read tho annual report, which showed that their income from all sources for tho year ending- Septembor 30 was £142 12s. ad. - u considerable increase on that of several preceding years. This was doubtless duo in some measure to tho earnest advocacy of tho society's claims by the chairman of tho district during his official visitation of tho several circuits of this colony. Tho highest aim of tho sooiety was tho salvation of their own country, men by the establishment of the ordinances of Divino worship in oonneotioo with tho Wcs leyan Methodist Ohuroh throughout this vnst colony, and in order to accom plish this, ond it was necessary that tho committee should havo at their disposal a regular increase in tho annual income, as urgent appeals for aid were presented to the society every year. The committee were anxious to make this something more than a mere con tingent fund, and would therefore respectfully urge tho exercise of greater attention and dili gence in diffusing information respecting the society's operations, and in carefully canvassing ovcry circuit, under the conviction that a regu lar augmentation of tho society's funds might thus be secured. The following erections hud been completed daring the post yearChurch at Toowong, cost £455 ; now vestry, Ipswich, cost £130 ; church, Tallegulla, Ipswich circuit, cost £60; new parsonage, Toowoombs, cost £592; new paisonago, Gympio, coat £500; and a parsonage purchasod at Warwick, coat £337. Improvements had been effected on church proporty lis follows:—Albert-street parsonuge, £60; Stanley-Btrect church, £45; parsonage, £13 ; "Warwick church, £35; Ipswich church, £50; Charters Towers parsonage, £70; Pim pama church, £10. The following sums have been granted this year, namely:—Ann-street, £50 towards furnishing a second married minister's residence; Charters Towers, £35 I towards circuit deficiency; and Nerang, in the 1 Pimpama circuit, £10 towards the erection of a church, on condition that it be opened free from debt. The loan fund had already rendered valuable service to tho Church. The first year ' £1,000 were loaned without interest, thus re- | lieving the following trusts from tbe burden of debt:—Paddington, £100 ; Toowoomba, £150; Ipswich, £350 ; Rockhampton, £1S0; Brisbane (Ann-street), £350; West End, £20. The fol lowing applications for loans have been re ceived and granted this year Townsville (church), £100, to bo repaid in five years; Gympie (parsonage), £150, to bo repaid in six years. The Rev. It. fcSellors, treasurer, read the balance-sheet. The Rev. F. T. Brentnall then moved" That the report now read be adopted, and that this,meeting offers its thanks to Almighty God for the measure of success with which He has crowned the efforts of the "Wesleyan Church in this colony during tho past year; and earnestly prays that in order to greater usefulness we may be favoured with the more abundant outpouring of the Holy Ghost." Mr. C. Fletcher seconded the motion, which was put and carried * unani mously. On the motion of Rev. R. Stllors, seconded by Mr. G. Rogers, it was resolved:— " That this meeting cheerfully recognises the great assistance which this 6ocicty renders to all tho interests of Methodism in this land, more especially in the establishment and main tenance of the ordinances of religion; and in view of tho urgent spiritual wants, both in town and country, pledges itself to a steady and generous support of its funds." Mr. C. M. Foster moved, and the Rev. K. Allen seconded:—"That the thanks of this meeting are hereby presented to the members of the committee, to all the officers of the society, and to the collectors, for their valuable services during tho past year; and that the following gentlemen, with all tho ministers of the dis trict, form the committee for the ensuing year, namely—Messrs. C. M. Foster, N. Lade, J. A. Lewis, J. Crowther, E. Campbell, J. Fox, C Fletcher, T. F. Merry, A.Rutledge, G. Rogers, H. Jordan, F. Curnow, J. Lord, G. I. Bourne, J*. Potts, J. A. Noble, M. Mellor, and R. Aland. The Rer. R. Sellors and Mr. N. Lade to be treasurers of the Home Mission Society, and Messrs. J. Lord and C. Fletcher treasurers of the Loan Fund, and Mr. G. I. Bourne secretary." The motion ■ was carried unani mously. A hearty vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. - 