Notes of the Month. rpHE Bishop of Melbourne delivered the first of a series of -*? lectures on the subject of 'Spiritual Life in the Time of the Judges' on 6th October, at St. Paul's Church, Swanston street, in the presence of a large assemblage. The Bishop observed that in the present course of lectures he would endeavour to sketch the spiritual life of Israel in the time of the Judges, to ascertain its elements, to trace to their origin the mighty spiritual forces which by their conflict determined its form and character, and to say something about the heroea of faith 'who were its organs or ministers. Before proceeding to the direct consideration of the subject, he thought it would be necessary to say a few words by 'way of introduction about the general character of the age, of the records which remained to us, and especially about the aim and method of our investigation. He observed that the age had been called not inaptly the middle age of Israel. Like the mediaeval period in Europe, the age was a dark one. Its life was rough and. violent ; low in moral tone ; without social comfort or refinement, and well nigh destitute of all the finer elements of what we understand by civilisation. Society was split into fragments by the impact of horde after horde of invaders, and every man did that which was right . in his own eyes. In both these periods, again, the pure spiritual faith, imperfectly apprehended, had to strnggle for expression — sometimes, it almost seemed, for life — with the ignorant animalism of those who professed it. Hence the mixed character and startling inconsistencies of the two periods, and the wonder ful likeness, moreover, between their great leaders and teachers. Deborah and Barak recalled the history of Hildebrand and the great Countess ; Samson might remind us of such an one as Coeur-de-Lion ; in Jephthah, the outlawed chieftain, we might see the prototype of the pirate S. Olaf . If we would understand this period we must not forget the character of the records by which it is made known to us. They consist of the merest fragments, selected, no doubt, at first out of more abundant materials, and set forth with a particular purpose. To realise the fragmentary character of the history, we have only to remind ourselves that we have here in the short tract called the Book of Judges the only surviving history of a period of three centuries and a half. It could not, therefore, with any propriety be called a history. It was a series of heroic episodes, fragments of early story, selected with prophetic insight, to set forth the goodness and justice of God, the power and blessedness of faith, or the madness and punishment of sin. Such -were the records, and the question was in what spirit they were to be approached. Was it to be with a feeling of hostility, and with the purpose of discovering as many blots and blemishes as we could in the record 1 The lecturer did not see the use of such a system as that, considering that the thing to be examined is a great and beneficent spiritual influence which has moulded the lives and shaped the fortunes of great multitudes of mankind through long ages. Of one thing we might be certain — that . any system which has managed to find a place for itself amongst the moral and physical forces of the world has done so. not by force of its blots and blemishes, but by its truth and beauty. What was wanted, then, was a clear and reliable account of those great influences — social, political, and religious — which have con tributed to fashion existing races or civilisations. Some critics said they found blots in the Bible, and it might be said also that there were spots on the sun, which undoubtedly there were, but was the sun any the less certainly the radiant monarch of our heavens, and the bountiful dispenser, under God, of. all terrestrial life and beauty 1 It was not less so with the Bible. The criticism -which could only discover difficulties was as much out of date as it was useless. The principles of criticism were better understood, and were applied in a manner much more healthful by men much more competent for the function than either Voltaire or Paine. Kuenen, taking his stand upon the un doubted historical records of the time of Hezekiah and Isaiah, shows that those records mention practices, and customs, and institutions which themselves imply a previous history. Apply ing these principles to the Psalms of David, we are led back to the times of Samuel, and thus to the Judges. In criticising the contents of these early records, we must, however, beware of a false application of the great principle of evolution, which . had misled so many of the most modern school of critics. Mr. Darwin's theory — by no fault, perhaps, of Mr. Darwin — had been productive of almost as much false criticism as false philosophy. Modern critics had assumed not only that spiritual truth had followed a principle of development, but that this development had proceeded by means of continuously ascending increments which they were able to distinguish, and that no fact which exhibits a higher spiritual development than is found in later ages is to be ascribed to the earlier period. Kuenen, for instance, applying this theory to the Mosaic literature, had come to the conclusion that we must not allow to Moses so perfectly spiritual a conception of Jehovah as that which was developed by the prophets. The development he suggested was as follows :— The gods of the Egyptians were sunk and lost in nature. The God of the prophets is perfectly abstracted from nature, has ascended far above nature, and become perfectly spiritual. Moses stands between these two extremes in time; and, therefore, although we may allow that he was on the path of the prophets, and had their inception in germ,; we must deny to him the authorship of any passages which assume that he had risen to the prophetic level on this subject. This, the Bishop contended, was not criticism, but simply hasty and unsound philosophising. A little examination would con vince us that, even in the lower sphere of nature, evolution, so far as it is real, advances not by unbroken increments, but by stages with long halts between them — such halts often exhibiting the signs rather of declension than of advance — and this was the case in the moral world, and in that world with even more obvious distinctness. The Bishop then sketched the develop ment of the spiritual ideal, which was characterised by sudden leaps forward, followed by periods of apparent rest. Such critical times of forward movement were the time of Abraham, the era of Moses, the era of David, of the later prophets, and onwards again until the spiritual ideal which had spread itself from a family to a nation conceived what Ewald ventured to call its boldest effort, and essayed to spread itself over the whole world. Such times of forward movement were followed by periods, of comparative quiescence. But there was advance. The ideal might be losing somewhat in purity, but it was enlarging its living basis ; it was realising the inevitable con dition of further progress — above all, it was fulfilling the purpose of its revelations, to make the whole world wiser and better. The ideal was made for man, and not man for the ideal. IN' his second lecture, delivered on the 13th October, the Bishop observed that they found in the Book of Judges a record of a great conflict, and he proposed in that lecture to inquire into the relations existing between the Israelites and the peoples with whom they came into conflict when they entered, upon the Land of Promise. The fact of these various incursions it had not been easy, owing to the scanty materials in our possession, satisfactorily to explain. The records in Genesis x., xi. were of the most meagre character, and such as they were had seemed to come into conflict with certain scientific conclu sions. It was generally admitted that common language implied ? common descent ; and it was the fact that the various peoples who inhabited Palestine were of the same language— the Shemitic. .. But then the Bible certainly seemed to say that the Canaanites were Hamitic. Recent discoveries by the late George Smith had thrown light upon the subject. It had been made out by Professor Sayce, from the inspection of old Assyrian inscriptions, that there had been an older Hamitic civili sation in existence in the valley of Mesopotamia before its occupation by its Shemitic invaders. It would be in accordance with the laws of such conquest that the civilisation of the con quered would in turn assert its influence upon the conqueror. Hence, it was possible that the Shemitic invaders would become, some to a greater and some to a less extent, Hamitised. Then it would be possible that they might be driven out by fresh incursions of the Shemitic people, and so, crossing over Palestine, in their effort to make their way southward, would present that mixture of Shemitic language and Hamitic custom which was found among the Canaanites, the Philistines, and' the Phoenicians. The Bishop, referring back to the Assyrian inscriptions, said that they presented a remarkable coincidence with the early chapters of Genesis, but one remarkable diver gence. They were the work of a polytheistic people. _ They were written in a language which was dead in the time of Sennacherib. There were three accounts of these early times — that of these Assyrian inscriptions, that of Genesis, and that of . Sanchoniathon. The first was written in a polytheistic, the second in a monotheistic, and the third in a rationalistic spirit. It was a question which of the first two was the earlier. And of two explanations we might choose one. Either the polytheistic tradition was the original, and the biblical tradition was formed from it, under the creative power of the monotheistic idea re vealed to Abraham, or the biblical account is the original of a prophetic character, an echo of the primitive tradition of the race ; and time must also be allowed for the corruption' 'of that one primitive tradition oy tiie aeoasing mnuence or wie poly theistic idea. But Abraham and his family, in their home beyond the Euphrates, were themselves polytheists. 'They served other gods,' and the infection of polytheism, as we know from the history of his descendants, long lingered. Even in the time of Joshua, that leader had to urge the Israelites to put away its practices fromaniong themselves. Whence, then, came that light which was destined to dispel the gross darkness that encompassed the earth 1 Clearly, it came from that divine call to Abraham which distinguished the migration of him and his family from other migrations of Shemites. He followed in the same track, making southward towards Egypt, but not in the same spirit, building an altar to the One God, full of the enthusiasm which comes from the conviction of the promise made to him, that 'in his seed all the nations of the earth were blessed!' THE first of the special Sunday services at St. Paul's Church, Melbourne, in connection with the Cathedral Chapter, was held on Sunday, 10th October, the selected preacher being the Right Rev. the Bishop of Ballaarat. The text was from Hebrews ii. 7 — ' Thou crownest him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of Thy hand.' The words of the apostle were taken from one of David's Psalms. Their meaning was that man received from his Maker originally the glorious endow ment of reason and strength. A review of the history of the world showed what splendid use man had made of his power. Great, however, as was the dominion given to man, sin and death were not yet put under his feet ; nor could he over come them except through the reconciliation made by Christ, »uu \j v oi L/aiiio ucciuii ttuu. am jju. uiuei unttu wo iuou juiigiib uuutu.ll everlasting life.' Owing to the illness of the Very Rev. the Dean no special service was held on Sunday, 17th October. On Sunday, 24th October, the select preacher was the Rev. Canon Vance, who took for his text, Isa. xli. 22, and showed that the complaints so often heard of the failure of Christianity arose from the mistaken notion that the present dispensation is to close in a golden age of perfected humanity, which state is to be brought about by the joint action of the two consenting . forces — civilisation and the church. \ BOUT fifteen hundred children from the various Church of ?Q-: England Sunday-schools in the city and suburbs assembled in the Town Hall on the afternoon of Sunday, 17th October, to hear an address from the Bishop upon the subject of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. Evening prayer was said by Canon Bromby, Canons Chase and Handfield reading the lessons. The Bishop's text was from Gal. vi. 2 — 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he reap.' He said that among village children at home there was a pretty custom of sowing mustard- seed in the form of the initials of their own names, and watching as it grew up, as they expected it to do, in the form in which it was sown. But one thing those children did not expect— that, instead of the mustard they had put into the ground, crocuses or daffodils should spring up — for they knew that mustard-seed only can come from mustard-seed. It was just the same in the spiritual world as in the natural. If they sowed bad words or bad deeds they would reap the bad fruit of shame and disgrace. Having made the posi tion plain by various illustrations fromfamiliar things, the Bishop admonished the children to avoid evil thoughts, which are really acts — mental acts — and bind down the soul to evil habits. , Even repentance cannot make a man what he was before. The nail that has once been driven into a board leaves a hole after you have drawn it out. The young should take heed to sow good seed, in the shape of good thoughts, and words, and deeds, and to shun evil courses and evil company. rriHE Bishop of Ballaarat, in his admirable sermon in aid of the ?*- Pastoral Aid Society, at Christ Church, St. Kilda, said that the prosperity of every colony and country was in proportion to its faithfulness to God. The evils and horrors which had befallen communities were traceable in every instance to departure from God. In national life God must be honoured, or our prosperity forfeited. However, the present time could not be regarded as one of peace or prosperity for Victoria, for although we were con gratulating ourselves upon the splendour of our Exhibition, it was a fact that about half of our farmers were ruined. It did not seem to him that the fear of God was deepening its hold on the land. He did not mean to imply that this colony was more sunk in vice than other countries, but our besetting sin was worldliness. Like Israel in the time of Zachariah (the Bishop's text was Zachariah ix. 16), we were not so zealous for the House of God as we should be, nor so energetic in carrying the know ledge of God to the waste places of the earth. For this national sin we must seek pardon, if we ever expect to be prosperous as a nation. ? T|yE congratulate the students of Trinity College on the spirit ' » ^ which has prompted them to attempt the performance of a Latin play, for the first time, in this country. There is little use in concealing the fact that the school of sceptics as to the advantage of making classical studies a prominent feature in our University curriculum is a large, an influential, and an increasing one. Being ourselves unconvinced that the proper course, though so much in favour at the present day, ia to rest all higher education on a foundation of modern subjects, we rate perhaps more highly than others the importance of employing classical culture to confer temper, polish, and dignity upon the building. But the feeling just noted can only be counteracted by bringing the classical pupil into the liveliest communication with the objects of his study. To effect this purpose we can conceive of few means more proper than to call upon the drama to fulfil its legitimate function of vividly repro ducing the language, manners, and daily life of the Roman or the Greek at home. The great and growing passion with which the performance of the ancient drama is being regarded in England, and the unusual interest which , attached itself to the recent presentation of the Agamemnon, though in an English dress, by the students of Baliol College, Oxford, sustains us in this view. We cordially hope that the venture of Trinity College, which we understand it is intended to carry into effect early next term, will be in every way successful. fFlHE Bishop's remarks upon the ill effects in after-life of the ?*? German educational system have been misconstrued in some quarters into a reflection upon German scholarship and genius. All that the Bishop said is to be read in articles by Ger man critics and authoritative documents by German officials. At a recent meeting of German doctors specially interested in the treatment of the insane, a paper was read by the director of the Brunswick Sbate Lunatic Asylum, in which it was maintained that much of the notorious increase of insanity in Germany is attributable to the excessive amount of work imposed upon the pupils in the National schools. Dr. Karl Hildebrand, in a recent number of the Contemporary Review, has an interesting paper on ' Half culture in Germany.' He contends that the result of the educa tional system in that country is that the man goes out into the world under-educated — with his powers only half developed. Why should Dr. Muecke, then, resign his position on the Con gress because the Bishop has his theory as to the causes of what Dr. Muecke's own countrymen state to be an ascertained fact % jnONSIDERABLE interest has been excited by the appearance of ^ a volume by Dr. Pusey, entitled JVJiat is of Faith as to Everlast ing Punislvment 1 It is intended as a reply to Canon Farrar's Eternal Hope, and is really a remarkable example of profound acquaintance with the literature of the subject from earliest times l«j liic jjicnout, auu ui mueiatigaDie perseverance m literary labour at a very advanced period of life. We hope to be able to review the book more at length at some early date. In the meantime, that we may put our readers in possession of its line of argument, we venture to extract a summary of Dr. Pusey's conclusions. They are formulated in twelve propositions, as follows : — '1. Without free-will, man 'would be inferior to the lower animals, which have a sort of limited freedom of choice. '2. Absolute free-will implies the power of choosing amiss and, having chosen amiss, to persevere in choosing amiss. It would be self-contradictory, that Almighty God should create a free agent capable of loving Him, without being capable also of rejecting His love. '3. The higher and more complete and pervading the free will is, the more completely an evil choice will pervade and dis order the whole being. : '4. But without free-will we could not freely love God. Freedom ia a condition of love. ' 5. In eternity those who behold Him will know what the bliss is eternally to love Him. But then that bliss involves the in tolerable misery of losing Him through our own evil choice. To lose God and be alienated from Him is in itself hell, or the vestibule of hell. ' 6. But that His creatures may not lose Him, God, when He created all His rational creatures with free-will, created them also in grace, so that they had the full power to choose aright, and could not choose amiss, except by resisting the drawing of God to love Him. ' 7. The only hindrance to man's salvation is, in any case, the obstinate misuse of that free-will with which God endowed him, in order that he might freely love Him. ' 8. God wills that all should be saved, if they vnll it, and to this end gave His Son to die for them, and the Holy Ghost to teach them. ' 9. The merits of Jesus reach to every soul who wills to be saved, whether in this life they knew Him or knew Him not. '10. God the Holy Ghost visits every soul which God has created, and each soul will be judged as it responded or did not ? respond to the degree of light which He bestowed on it, not by our maxims, but by the wisdom and love of Almighty God. '11. We know absolutely nothing of the proportion of the saved to the lost, or who will be lost ; but this we do know, that none will be lost who do not obstinately to the end, and in the end, refuse God. None will be lost whom God can save, with out destroying in them His own gift of free-will. ' 12. With regard to the nature of the sufferings, nothing is matter of faith. No one doubts that the very special suffering will be the loss of God (poena damni): that, being what they are, they know that they were made by God for Himself, and yet, through their own obstinate will, will not have Him. As to ' pains of sense,' the Church has nowhere laid down as a matter of faith the material character of the worm and the fire, or that they denote more than the gnawing of remorse. Although then it would be very rash to lay down dogmatically that the ' fire' is not to be understood literally, as it has been understood almost universally by Christians, yet no one has a right to urge those representations, from which the imagination so shrinks, as a ground for refusing to believe in hell, since he is left free not to believe them.' It will be remembered that Canon Farrar had challenged those who accept what has been popularly regarded as the common teaching of the Church on future punishment, to declare what they hold to be of faith on these four points : — ' 1. The physical torments, the material agonies of eternal punishment ; 2. The supposition of its necessarily endless duration for all who incur it ; 3. The opinion that it is incurred by the vast mass of man kind ; and 4. That it is a doom passed irreversibly at the moment of death on all who die in a state of sin.' These four points have all been exhaustively dealt with by Dr. Pusey, and it is satisfactory to learn from Canon Farrar, in a letter to the Guardian, that he 'can accept with scarcely a verbal modification any one of the twelve theses in which he has summarised his faith as to three out of the four points at issue.' On the second point — that which relates to the endless duration of the punishment of the impenitent — he still holds to the view he formerly maintained. We commend Dr. Pusey's arguments to the patient consideration of Churchmen. 